LADY TREYVOR, CIIAI'TER XXXVI. As the stout Highland ponies moved quickly out of the stable-yard at Black Rock, and the crisp, cold, salt air blew freshly upon her,,old Gretchen revived instantly, the in stinet of flight taking possession of her S.entire being. She leaned forward, clutching thelside of the wagon, and looked backward with egr ga xo. . . SThey're comining! they're comining!' she cried, vildly, her voice half-wailinig. ,' They see us Miss Cecil. .They'll catch us.' : Cecil set her lips together; her dusky eyes blazed like bhrning stars. She plied the whip :.vigorously, keeping a firm hold upon the reins. The ponies galloped down the hill at a reckless pace; the vehicle jolted against stones, tipped now and theni into a rut or ditch threatening an overthrow, and dashed on madly, Cecil s steady hold never oiice relaxing, nor her stern courage faltering. They gained the foot of the hill in safety, anid plunged into a woodland-path, into a dense gloom made by thick overhanging trees. Gretchen could no longer see the pursuers, but she kept up her keen lookout, muttering and groaning. :The dogs under the wagon bayed and howled, excited byhthe wild speed of the horses Cecil sat perfectly silent, the reins in. one hand, the whip inf the other, listening intently'for the sound of pursuers. One mile-two miles-w'ere gone over. Thei Cecil diew a long sigh of relief. :'How many ponies did they have, Gretchee I' she asked, keeping the horses at a steady though not excessive speed. 'Four,' gasped the old peasant woman. S'And there are only two to the wagon. The others must have been in the stable or the yard ready to mount or lead. They must be on our track.' ' They will overtake us. With this heavy weight they will find it easy to capture us. What shall we do ?' ' We night cut the traces, mount these ponies, and get away,' responded Cecil. ' But we are likely to repent it if we do that. We must keep to the wagon if possible. I have often seen firearms in the old kitchen. See if none of them have been put in the wagon. They would be high at the sides, out of harm's way,' The o.bld woman -groped about, and an nouiced her discovery of firearms. I thlink I can use themii, if necessary. I have seen the en tthe men atthe Schutzon-fests firing their rifles, and I know how the thing is don'. Do you hear our pursuers I' 'No, -Miss Cecil,' replied Gretchen, after intently listening. Cecil again-became silent. The ponies pressed on through the gloom and darkness, stumbling now and then, and jolting the wagon upon stones and in ruts. In the course of an hour the faint gray dawn became apparent, even in the forest wilds. The fugitives could see the wild desolation ofithe mountain- road, the various features 'of the weird and rugged scenery, and note the terrible loneliness that reigned' supi-eme over the Northern Highlands. There were' mountain-peaks on every side, all of them crowned with snow. The vege tation was, after passing the old park and forest of the Black Rock estate, sparse and stunted. No living creature crossed their path. . As the dawn deepened into daylight, and the cold becanme more perceptible as they retreated from the sea, Gretchen began an examination of the interior of the wagon. She found the stores which the Jarvises had prepared with a view to their own needs and comfort, and carved slices from the roasted venison, brought out slices of bread and butter, a pot of fruit-jelly, and a jug of strong cold coffee. 'Here is something they intended for themselves,' she remarked, despositing her treasures on the broad seat. 'Let us eat breakfast, Miss Cecil. I will drive while you eat.' .. . Cecil put her whip in its socket, and kept a firm hold upon the reins while she took up the'sandwich Gretchen had ;mades for her. She ate it while driving, not for. an instant relax-ing her Vigilance or permitting, her ponies to slacken speed to a walk. . 'It. is singular that they, do -not show themselves,' said Cecil, when she had finislied.her meal. 'Something must have happened l I' In truth, something had happened. , Mr. Jarvis lihadintended to.secure the two extra ponies to the rear-end of the wagon, and-had loft them loose in the stable: Mrs. Jarvis, oni discovering the escape of the prisoners, had attempted to mount one of theo ponies thus left,.and had boon. thrown to the floor. NoNd injury had " been done her, but the ponies wereonot secured, and in her haste she had left the'stable-door open. After upsetting her, seeing the avenue of escape, both:the ponies had gone careering into the stable yard, neighing for their late 'conm panions, had overthrown Maria, who hap poied in their way, and had then made a bbld break for freedom. ' S'.Writh vivid' recollections of'a. a certain !pastuire fronim which : they -had been' with 'drawn a day or two before; ,they set off on a. 'gallop, and regailiedthe: wide field, where for more than an honur they had' indulged in tlie wildest antics,- defying the, efforts of .Jar i.s,to capture them. At the end bf that ffteriod theylhad again 'taken to flight, and turned to the old road by which the fugitives .had fled. : ?Jarvis set out on foot, of course, to cap ture them, swearing till he was hoarse, and swelling with rage and fury that was little short of maniacal. :It was noon when lie found them calmly 'grazing in the grass-grown highway. To bblabor them with a club was his first act. 'Then.he mounted and pushed onward in wild pursuit, relieving his pent-up emotions With imprecations 'both loud and deep,' and resolving to kill both Cecil and Gretchen at sight. 'There'll be no nmore foolish secntimon 'tality,' he growled. No fears of being ha'nted, no dread of ghosts. A fortunoe like that girl a-slipping through my hands like thisl I wonder I ain't raving crazy i' SThroughout that long mrornirng Cecil kept the ponies at a steady jog. At noon, when they showed signs of flagging, she alighted, unlhooked them from the wagon, and per mitted then to graze in a little green dell by the roaldside, where a mountain spring bubbled, and the young grass was thick. An hour was given to this halt. The fugitives ate their dinner under the tree, and kept anxious watch in the direction they had come. -" They put the ponies to the wagon again after due rest, and resumed their journey. * The road that during the morning had threaded a wide valley, now ran through a dangerous mounltain-pass, so narrow in places that two wagons could not have passed each other. The mountain rose steeply upon one side the path, rupon the other a c deep precipice yawned, and beyond that were other moun tainls. Even at mild-day the road was in 'deep shadow. It was crossed by frequent mountain torrents, spanned by insecunre old bridges that threatened to give way under the weight nowr brought to bear upon them. In places the path was so narrow that a slihcer of the horses to the outer side, of but a few feet, would have precipated the fugitives into eternity. In other places a misstep would have been attended with the same fatal consequences. Speed was out of the question. The ponies, surefooted like all of their breed, and used to such precarious footing, plodded on steadily, while Cecil and Gretchen kept watch in front and rear, their nerves strung to their utmost tension. For hours they maiched in this terrible m?ountain pass, with strained vision and hearing, but the ponies never swerved from their course, and no pursuer came in sight. At a late hour of the afternoon they came out into a wide valley which stretched for miles before them in a comparatively level plain. There were patches of snow in their way, but the road was improving, and Cecil again compelled the ponies to jog. It was twilight when she turned the vehicle aside into a scraggy grove of stunted pines, and came to a halt beside a mountain stream. * We must stop for the night, Gretchen,' she said. 'The ponies are tired. And as for us, having been up all last night, we must have rest.' Gretchen assented with many misgivings, and alighted from the wagon. The horses were unharncessed and tethered .to trees, within easy reach of the noisy little stream: Cecil. helped to rub them down.'"" ' We must take good care of them, . Ore safety will depend upon them, Gretcheti,' she observcd, gravely. Jarvis must be on our track. He will overtake us by to-morrow noon, even if he has been delayed, or if: he is compelled to rest as often as we.' 'Then what are we to do -' ..' We shall have to resume our journey in the morning without the wagon. The ponies are gentle. We must ride them. We can take food enough in a bag for our wants and by to-morrow night .this road must bring us to some .shepherd's hut or some Fighland hamlet.' Gretchen brought out a variety of food, the best the wagon contained. After supper the old woman filled a bag, which she im provised from a table cloth found inl the. vehicle, with choice provisions, alid placed it where it could be taken up at anl instant's ilotice, should they be compelled to. renew their flight in haste. 'One ought to watch while the other sleeps, Miss Cecil,' said Gretchen: ' I will watch--you look beat out. Your face is pale as death.' 'But my heart is strong and my courage also,' replied Cecil. ' We have be'i free One: whole day. I thifik God is surely befriesid ing us. He will not suffer our enemies -to overtake us and put us to death. But, we must watch as you say. You are older than I. Lie down in the wagon.and sleep until midnight. Then I will waken you and take my turn at resting.' 'But you are weaker than, I,' protested old Gretchen. ' You are delicately nurtured, while I am only a rough serving-woman. Let me sit up and watch while you sleep.' But Cecil shook her head with pretty im periousness. 'You must do as I say, Gretchen,' she said, affectionately. 'Lie down now. I promise you I will take my turn.', Gretchen was forced to obey. She crept into the wagon and went to sleep, snoring heavily. The young .girl leaned against a tree, Qilust and watchful. She was well wrapped against the cold. Tho nisuiy torrent was very near. The mountain peaks, crowned with snow, shut in around her on every side like a bristling wall. The wind tore down the valley, coming through the moun tain- passes, keen and clill. The shadows of the night deepened into blackness. Only two or three stars could be distinguished through the dense clouds. It was a strange vigil, one ever to be remembered. Cecil's thoughts went back over her brief history. The mystery of her origin seemed to her to be connected with her imprison ment at Black Rock and the attempt of her jailers to destroy her life. What could that mystery be? Who were. her .unseen ene mices Who- had bribed the Jarvises aild the-Portuguese woman to kill her ? She thought of Lord Glenhali. His blond beauty, the rare' charm of his manner, his nobleness and goodness, all were reviewed inthat lonely silence and gloom. And the young face was turned up to the frowning sky, pale and sorrowful, yet full of tender ness for the lover she believed forever lost to ler ; and Cecil prayed for him and for Lady Trevor, whom she believed that lhe loved, that they might be happyj, whatever should be her own fate. She did not waken old Gretchen at mid night. But somewhere' about one o'clock the old woman aroused herself and came forth, compelling -Cecil to- take her place. The girl did so, sleeping profoundly until daybreak. Then she arose. They had breakfast. A feed of oats was given the horses, and they resumed their journey. They had been gone three or four hours when Jarvis camce riding up. He saw that they had halted for the night. He was hungry, and made an instant attack upon the stores they had left, consuming anl in ordinate amount of whiskey. \- Securing extra stores of provisions, both food and drink, he pushed on after the fugitives in better spirits. They don't know- the- road ahead. of tlem,' he muttered. .' This,second day 'II tell on that girl. ;I sliall overtake. em at Devil's Gap, if not sooners. They haven't the slightest chance of escape !' CHAPTER XXXVII. IN a long and wide valley, bright with spring verdure, and shut in by an undu lating wall of snow-capped mountains, stands a shepherd's hut. It is rudely built for summer occupation, and is covered with an overhanging thatched roof. It has a single door, a big chimney, but no window, unless a small square oponiizg in the wall, covered with oil paper, may be so termed. . The interior of the hut consists of one room. The only floor is of cobble-stones laid closely together. Two rude bunks attached to the wall, and one suspended above the other, serve as couches. In the blackened chimney hangs a crane from which hangs a kettle. A small wooden cupboard serves as a repository for food, and it is the only larder the hut contains. The accommodation of the place, it will thus be seeoon, is of the rudest description. The hut is a mere shelter against storms a place to sleep itn-nothing more. During the long Highland winters, the place was left to the winds and snows. But when spring came, and the sun's increasing heat unlocked the ice-bound streams, and the grass sprang up anew, it was always occupied. The valley belonged to a Scottish laird who lived many miles to the southward. In May of every year he sent his flocks to this lonely spot in charge of two shepherds, who watched them during the long summers, and drove theim back to their winter quarters in the autumn. These shepherds had just arrived. The flocks were already scattered through the valley, grazing on the tender young grass. The hour was twilight. Thu elder shepherd, a big, brawny fellow in a kilt, with logs upon which the muscles stood out like whip-: cords, lighted his pipe and went out to look after the young lambs, and to see that none of his flock had strayed into the mountain passes. His companion sat down at the door of the hut, just outside, and smoked a pipe also. He had not the other's muscle or intellj gence. HI-is face had a vacant look; hle was stupid and thick-headed, but there was a doggedness in his aspect that showed that when lie had once made up his mnind, whether right or wrong, lie was not likely to change his opinions or purposes. He was surveying the landscape with half-shut eyes, lazily puffing his pipe when he behold two Highland ponies, coming down the valley, along the overgrown track that had many years before been adecently kept road. The shepherd rubbed his eyes in amaze ment. He had heen in this lonely valley summer after summer for years, but had never seen a face there other than that of his shepherd comrade. He rubbed his eyes, fancying himself the victim of an illusion. The ponies came nearer and nearer. He presently detected that one was lame. His next discovery was that the riders of the ponies were women. He sprang to his feet, opening his eyes and his month in his amazemeot.; H-IM held his pipe in his hand and 'stood likeia sta?pt for some minutes, while the ponies continued to advance, their speed quickeing:'as they neared the hut. The two horsewomen, as the reader. sur mises, were Cecil Rosse and Gretchen:. This was the evening of the second day of their flight from Black Rock. They had ridden tmrd all day, haltingonly an hour' at noon to rest and feed their steeds. Gretchen's pony had slipped upon a rolling-stone ;in a wild mountain- pass during the afternoon and had fallen lame. This lameness had in creased every hour of subsequent travel. The roads had been bad and rough., In many places they had been undistinguish able, and the fugitives feared that they had lost their way and were wandering in a wilderness whence they should not be able to escape. They liad reached the Devil's Gap early in the afternoon. This was the place at which Jarvis had expected to overtake them. It was a narrow pass between two mountains.' The road was barely six feet in ividtli, and was bordered on one side for half its distance by a deep gully, cut sharply and cleanly be tween the mountains by an ancienit"?hibiuiJ tain torrent that had 'now dwindled to a brook. The terrors of this paes kept. ,_the twd fugitives dumb. They dismounted, "afraid to trust to their ponies, and led the beasts for a distance of two miles, up a steep ascent and down again upon the opposite side. The Gap was gloomy beyond description, and even the ponies breathed more freely/ =vhen it was left behind. Towards nightfall, when wearied and anxious, they began to think of camping out for the night, they entered the gully we ha?e? described. Miss Rosse was the first to see the flocks of sheep. The sight of them kindled hope in the fugitives' breasts. Where domestic animals were, men were likely to be also. They hurried on, and soon., after ward caught sight of the lonely hut.: ' We are safe now, Miss Cecil ! cied the old serving woman, in a transport, of "joy. \- I had begun to think that we were lost, and should perish in the cold to-nighb. But God has watched over us, and brought us to a safe refuge.' Gretchen's withered old face quiered in every feature. What her terrors had leen was shown by the tremulous lips and tearful eyes at sight of the little valley hut. : ,: They hurried forward, the steeds seeming to understand and share in their joy and re lief.' The shepherd Was still standing, open mouthed, when they came up and 'drew rein at his door. Cecil slipped from the back of her steed. He was quick to dciect tliatshe was & lady, and pulled off his cap, and saluted her by an'awkward -bow. • :.: .. Gretchen, stiff in every limb, as was her young mistress, slid to the ground. The shepherd looked in the direction the fugitives had come in the expectation of seeing a male attendiant. Not seeing one he.fied his be wildered gaze upon Miss Rosse.. , .: She stood for a mpmient in p e t silence, her heart swelling, her agitation too groet tq allow her to speak. She had thought. herself lost. She had expected to camp out upon the ground all night. She had been haunted by fears of being overtaken by her enemies. But here was shelter. Here was surely help. She trembled so that she could scarcely stand, and leaned against her tired steed for sup port. ' Will you give us shelter for the night 7' she asked, her low, sweet voice quivering. ' We are very tired, having travelled all day.' 'Ye can stop here, an' ye wull,' responded the shepherd, glancing doubtfully over his shoulder at the rude interior of . the lhut. ' But it's not a place for the like o' you, leddy.' - ' We shall be grateful foriariy shelter,' re plied Cecil, her brightening glance giving emphasis to her words. ' Coom in then,' was the prompt response. 'The beasts 'll stand. -They have na the strength to get ailay'the 'iight.'" Coom'ii, leddy.' - - .; He backed into:;the cabin., The fugitives followed him.- H 6"fliiisd han'dfuil'of pind cones and branches ons the low fire, and a fragrant warmth and brightness filled the hare chamber. Cecil and Gretchen sat down upon the two wooden stools before thee hearth, and held their hands to the delicious blaze. The shepherd continued to regard the pair with wonder and surprise. That one was mistress and the other ser vant was apparent to him. But what were they doing in this lonely region unattended ! He began to be suspicious of them--the ap pearance of two women in that remote val ley being utterly unprecedented. Gretchen looked about lier anxiously at the unplastered walls and unmitigated poverty of the place. She was unable to determine in her own mind what manner of people lived in such utter barrenness as this. Even the beasts at Zorlitz uwsere better housed. She looked ilfvain for some signs of a woman's presence, and then fixed her regards upon her host, wondering of what nationality lie was. ' Where are we ?' 7he asked, in English, giving expression to her curiosity. The shepherd staredd; the folly of such a question made hinrsuspect her sanity. ' Why, dinna ye see 1' he asked. ' Speer about ye, woman. 'Yo're in a shepherd's hut, that's where ye are I' 'Alh !' exclaimed Gretchen, comprehuend ing him although his words had not the soft flow that belongs to English tongues. 'But where is it-this hut 7' The shepherd's surprise increased., 'Dinna ye know the Benmar Valley I' he demanded. ' This is the Benmar valley, then I' said old Gretchen.. 'But what country is it ? Are we in England, or Norway, or Sweden, or Iceland 4' The shepherd turned his puzzled gaze from the old peasant woman to Miss Rosse. The young lady was listening intently, with an eagerness that showed that she, too, awaited his reply with anxiety. Her dusky eyes were fixed upon his stolid, vacant face with a look that indicated a keen lsuspense. L:.' Lor' bless and save us!' thought the shepherd. ' God be gude to us. These are. two fules that don't know the country. they be in!' 'Fe made a prudent, partial retreat towards the door. 'Are-you not going to answer-l' de manded Gretchen, with increasing anxiety. ' What country is this ?' 'It's Scotland4' was the reply, as the host leaned against the inner door post. 'If ye're here how happens ye didn't know that 1' 'What part of Scotland is it?' asked Gretchen, paying no heed to his question. 'The Hielan's, of course. Do you see mountains like these in.the Lowlan's ? Are ye daft, woman ? Sure, your mistress knows all this,' and he turned his gaze upon Cecil. The girl did not answer, but her looks and her silence were sufficient negative even to this dull-witted questioner. 'Our ignorance of our whereabouts must seem strange to -you,' said. Cecil, noticing his looks of suspicion and general uneasiness. ' We supposed that we were in Yorkshire, until very recently-Yorkshire in England. We were brought. up the coast in a yacht and landed at a lonely old house, where we have spent the winter.' 'The servants in charge of the house were our enemies,' exclaimed Gretchen. 'They tried to kill us. We succeeded in making our escape yesterday morning before day break, and have ridden hard ever since. Our enemies are in pursuit of us. They mean to kill us both. They may arrive at any noment. Will you protect my young nistress and save her?' pleaded the old .roman, earnestly. The Highlander did not reply. In his own mind he deemed the "foreign woman " de cidedly "uncanny." He regarded Cecil questioningly. ' My servant has given you an outline of the truth,' said Cecil, with a calm and gentle dignity that ought to have convinced him of her perfect sanity. 'I have a secret enemy who caused us both to be brought to this coast when we supposed that we were on our way to Yorkshire. The servants at the house from which we have just escaped were in the pay of that enemy. They sought to murdeir.us:in: our, beds, but we escaped. They 'ihro in' pursuit; they are sure to arrive here to- night in search of us. "Will you not befriend" and protect us ? 'Surely, you would not deliver us up to be killed 1' Tihe shepherd scratched his sandy head, and.vainly wished for his comrade's return. 'It's a strange story, a vera strange stoiy,' he commented. ' I dinna think I ever heard the lik afore. Murders and them things dinna belong to the Hielan's. Where was the house where you lived the winter 1' 'It was called the Black Rock-' 'Black Rock? The house of the lost Cathcairns! I ken the plate. And you lhave been in that house 1' ' We have spent the winter there.' The shepherd looked incredulous. He did not believe the assertion. 'The old house is ha'nted !' he exclaimed. 'For fifty years no human being has been inside its doors. It is cursed. The blood of the murdered laird.stains its flures. The twin brothers walk tlhe halls and chambers, and spectral lights are seen in the windows. No one would sleep in Black Rock House for a Iing's throne. An' ye say ye've spent the iiinter there 1' ' We have,' declared Gretchen, stoutly. 'Ye must be mistaken. I dinna think it possible !' declaied the shepherd, still in credulous. 'You have not answered me,' said Gretchen. ' You have not promised to pro tect us.' ' No one shall kill ye, be. sure o' that. Make yourselves comfortable, while I attend to the ponies,' was the reply. 'Are you hungry I' ' We have food,' answered the serving woman. ' I will bring it in.' The bag had been removed from the pony's back and placed on the ground beside the door. Gretchen brought it in and the fugitives ate their supper, while their host made a pretence of looking after their steeds, anld kept tip an impatient watch for the re turn of his comrade. The shoepherd had no faith wlhatevcr in the story he had heard. He did not believe that a person existed who would dare spend a winter in Black Rock House. All his superstitions were against such credence. He did not understand his visitors. Con sequently, being ignorant, lie distrusted them. He waited outside until Cecil came a out and stood beside him, looking anxiously in the direction slhe had come. 'Ye look beat, leddy,' he said, respect fully. 'lYe'll better turn into one o' them bunks and go to sleep. Ye can fasteon the door to suit yersel, and I'll watch outside. I expect my comrade back soon, and we'll let no harm happe yo.' Cecil raised her trusting eyes to his in gratitude. She put out her little white hand, which lie seized and looked at as if it we'e a curiosity presented for his examina tion, and then dropped it as if it had burned him. ' May God reward you for .your kindness to two friendless creaturTes!' said the girl, softly. ' We will go to bed and to sleep, trusting in your promise to protect us. Good-night.' She went inside and closed the door. 'They can't help bein' fules,' mused the host, touched by her beauty and sweetness into more consideration than lie had before displayed. ' She's a pretty fule, anyhow. To think she didn't know that this was Scotland. She must be clean daft.' He resumed his smoking. In the course of an hour his comrade returned, and the story was rehearsed to him, with such addi and embellishments as the circumstances seemed to warrant. ' We'll hae to sleep outside,' said the new comer, whose name was Sandy. 'From what you say, Wull, it seems that the two women are daft. If anybody is after 'em it's because they need looking after. I dinna believe in murders in these times, nor in any canny person living at Black Rock House. Happen, it isn't safe to leave the two women creatures in the hut. They may burn it afore inornin,' but we'll take luck as'it comes.. I wad I hao a blanket to wrap mysel frae the cauld. Hacing none except my plaidio, I maun keep awak' the night.' This melancholy reflection occupied their attention for some minutes. Then they re sumed their low discourse, keeping warm by walking to and fro and clapping their hands lustily. Meanwhile Cecil and Gretchen said their prayers and crept into the hard bunks and went to sleep, Their bones ached in every joint. They were thoroughly exhausted, and not even their anxieties could ward off their slumber. The shepherds watched outside, and talked, and found it hard work to keep awake. Both were dozing about midnight when they were aroused by the sound of hoofs S'ose at hand. Starting up, they found themselves con fronted by Jarvis. The man had been drinking heavily throughout the day, but was now apparently sober. His anger against his escaped prisoners was all alive, however, under'his plausible exterior, and his resolve to kill the two fugitives at the earliest practicable moment was stronger than ever. TO BE CONTINUED 