OUR QTJIRINDI LETTER. [By Harold Mv Mackenzie.] Last: week, unfortunately, has boon remarkable for a chapter of accidents. Ia view of the number of, 'wheolmen' constantly pedalling about;, the wonder itf that there are not more mishapB j fjr nervous horses — especially country ones — ahow a dislike for ' machines.' On Monday afternoon luat Mr. E. A. Auld, a well-known hairdreaaer and tobacconist, waa making hia nay quietly along Georg«-street and strictly observing the rule of thu road, when a horse ridden by Mr. Harry Mawkitr, ahiod at the bicycle, bub iustdad of Bhying away from the terroriaing object he shiod right ou top of Mr. Auld, hurling him with bohio viokneo to thu ground. The escape was marvellous, and Mr Auld cannot be too thankful that he is not laid up at. present, with a broken arm, log, riba, or Bomething serious. — The second raiahup occurred te Mr. R. Nelmns, a somowhat intrepid though porhsps cardlesn horseman. Mr. Nelmes horeu, through eotno unaccountable ri'uson, oamo into violent co'liBion with tho railway gates, precipitating the rider on to hiB nose, tho bridge of which was broken, and severs nervous ahoolt sustained. Mr. Nelmes is always very busy with his teams, moro especia ly juBt now when the Bhoariag soaaon is in full swing, bo that this Budden and unexpectod contact with terra finna must incapacitate, him for some timo to. come. — Another accident, which completes the scries and bears out tho theory that suoh things como in triplets, occurred, to young Juvd, who, bb usual, waa -on his milk rounds. While the horse was Btanding un attended ab tho residenoo of Mrs. Flunkott, the animnl took fright »nd bolted, the lad having no more conti-ol ov«-r ita mad cireer than a baby. The horse continued its wild gallop tor Bonao diBtanco, but happening to turn, suddenly upset the cart, resulting in several gallons o£ good milk boing distributed on tho rond-way. The animal wai cuptur.id, but tho episode was not yet finished, for whilst Jurcl was removing tho luirness the adven turous ' quad' Biiccoodad. in making off with collar and winkers. 'I'his incident, hpwover, ,wns , moro ftiunsing- lhan serioUB, , . Our rifle team, comprising Messrs. Douglap, ftTaolntoBh', ? Johns, Pountneyi Pinnerby, Whittl«, Perinan, Sefton, Cl»pin, Cox, nud Sinclair, journeyed 'to J Tn'mworbhou WedneBday las« to m'eeb a t.iim of thub town; but unfortunately, Buffered defeat' at 'the hunda of their opponents. The sooraa were— Tnmworth 481, Quirlridi HOI, bbti lattor being in a minority of 87. Mr. A. C. McLood pub up 60 for the winning team and Mr, Plnnorty tiip score with 52 for the losers. Admitting that Turn worth ib a much stronger toam than Quirimli, the fact still remains that the arrangomunts for tho contest were about' mb bad as they conld poa aibly be, la thoflrat plaae, ehcobiug wan advercised to Btart at 1.30 p.m. sharp, bub when tho time oame ib waB'Uotnally discovered that there was no target This certainly oclipaos anything in the way of rifln shooting that I havo' yet huard. A.' considerable delay then followed in sending for the canvnssfcruo turo, which wan 16 tlio duty for a more aubataitlal affair, but this waa ' not the ' virbi at, for ; ib soon' be oauie' kn-w'n that tlio lMgiilar marker was unablu to p'ut.iti ah appoaranoe. The oonseqnoiica was that a ' duffer' lit the Kamo had to bo supplied ab a moment's notice,' who, according to onu of our men, knew m much about 'marking as a babu in armn knowB about Arabic It is stated th'ab ho took half a minute to recprdn single (.hob I ' The slotyneaa of tho whola'nffair engendered a spirit of tedium, and iudifferanoo1 among the, Shoiteri), in'-'addition to which diirktisuB wUB fast coming on, 'so thai, when id ontno to MosBrs. ' OlapinV'atid MoDquaira turn to firo they lot fly 'at Boinofching liico'a sheeted ghost, but whether the1 marker was' shot or' a bull's-nye floored no ono Beoms to know.' This, ended 'tho match; '' ' ?',' '' '-'' ' ? ': '?? ' '? ' ?' ' ' \- It, might, havo. been thought that nfier this die dppolntmont something :o£ a, oheory. n'aturo would Have followed: to,. make,, amonds for , tha. shooting, and Bond tho, viaing, team away in a oomplucont mood., A smoke , couoort had been, arranged, aud both .teajia 'invited, bufc, from '? some unoxp'aiuod reason no one was aaked to preside, notwithstanding the presenoe of a gentleman . and an,, ofllaor in the Fourth. Infantry. Thei table was piotbily doooratod, and tho foaming grape, of QuRtorn Prance flashed in the .goblets, but still , there ,was Bomething wantinR— rand ,a ,very; ooneiderAblo Bomuthing — this was a pianist, Ib seems that tho whole of pro greaaive Tamworth ;waH unablo bo supply tliin i'mportnrit, ndjunot to the Binoko 'conoert' Things consequently, ware a funorcal aspeut until tlio inimitable Mr. Finnorty Cfune to the reaoue and burBb forth with, '.I couldn't.' Ab least Iaurmisu this is what ho saug, for lie invaringly riiaaas'oii to 11 bring down, the hoaae' wiLh this iohftrtning inobriatu ditty. Mr. Lord, 1 undorsituid, n,lso Baug. , Aftor thifi tho ootnpany woko up a little, and spirits aaaundod and descended, in moderation 6f oouruq,, sending. ;tba visitors homo, again with Botno cheerful incident, at all events, to ramembor the. trip by. . ' ... ; ..- , Tbe Muniolpnl Council nt thblrlaab mooting, among other things, had under conaidurntlon some coirospoudenoe from, the Health Dopmtmoub relat ing to by-laws for bhe regulation of common bonri ing- houBoa which the -Mayor doem'od adviaabli) Hhould be adopted and bo invesb the Council with power, to provonfc ovor- orowdlng in anoh placos.' It Is known that Assyrians, Jike Chinamen, havo a piodildctlon'to puoltiug tharaaelvon like herrings in a bnrrol whenover the opportunity arises, ib being no uncommon thing to find six sleeping beauties In a room 10 x 6 fnet, inhaling whnbevor oxygun thoy can gnt, aud exhaling oarbonie gna Btrongly iiu prognatBd with an aioma of onions and negro-hsad tjobacco. , The [ roaulbis thnt these timaclaUid and ttttenuatod (Asiatics awako in the morHing in any thing bub a rofresbod' condition, And as wo muab lbpk after their heivlth tho Mayor's' BUguostien ia a griod nhci After abiuo diuouaalon the .matter wns nllowed to stand ovor for a fortnight. ??? ? r Ownerb of Btray atnok lit the ^inatigntlon of thu Cpnnoil have had n mauvaia temps, inaamuoh aa a doKen or ^o well-known towiiBinon hnve' beon sum ihonaed for allowing their stoqds to perambulate bhe thoroughfaroB nt'nll hours of the night' and morning, Thu flnea in qaoh onio wore la and 4b lOd ooBta, and neaily.nllpleiidod guilty. Thoeff. ot of fcbio will oonsldoriiltly loaaen tho risk of falling over roudmboat oowa in the dark, whloli is a prob nble thing when thoao plaoid animals are allotvod tu wandar nt will, ; The qufistinn of penny poatngo la not yot an ao oompllahed faut bub on tho motion of Aldormun Aguaalz thnb Mr. Einv|e»i bis writbonto, nsking ,thab hlo bosb endeavours be usud fo'robb'alnlng bho oon oossion, ib was aooonded.by Alderman' Lola nnd Oitrrlud. Wo havor thoreforo,' reftapnublo griiunda for hoping that' lettoralri ii 'ahoifc time will bo parried withia a rudlus of W mllua, for a ' humblo1 brown. ', .? , ? , . ,, ... ; ' . . I Tlio Australian HprBO te already Bnlfllng tho batl.Vo rimoko from afar or something Blmllar. Tho move itaonb la boing warmly sUpportdd, thoro bolng snine bhin« lilcu 40 roorulbs already enrolled with ' a promlno of more to oomH.- -Uiiptain Kenneth Mnokay, writing^from ? hufid-quartora, Sydney, to' Mr. P. D. Cox of Qulrindl, states that ho ia voiy plwuod to honr tlint thoro la'tt poPRlbllity1 of ob tnlning the roqulalto number of llkoly mon and horsed prior to tbe day- of enrolment. Captain Maokny,.purposea loaving Sydney for Qulrlndl on TTriday, l.t Ootohor, bo tho ohanoiia aro tho day for oiirolmont will bo Saturday 2nd proximo. Tha oath of alloglanoo will then bo ndmlnlBrorod by Honif nuthoritativo poraon, menHuramouts taken for uaiforms ? and the 'awkward sound' fulrlv lnunohod on its aoa of tnllltury glory. Things at Wallnbudah are waxing fast n, furious and unleasfa Peace Treaty bo isigned wii that place and Russia the aafefcy of Europe will I jeopardized. The last meeting of tho Soboi Board in that quiet mountain retreat, w»b tn* strong for publication. Tt fact, it was libiillouH I \ Tho Caatlo Mountain butter fnotory oontinuea to prosper, the fnctory having recpived during thai last fortnight in Auguet 2,077 gnilonB of milk pro-\ ducing 843 ponndB of butter. Suppliers were paid I at the lato of lOd per pound for butter, equivalent \ te lOJd per pouud for butter-fat or -Id per- krUoh \ for milk. \ Sept. 20. ? \ 