SERMON FOR SUNDAY To Work the Works of Christ Bt Rev. J. S. Fodpooe, Retiring Moderator Presbyterian General Assembly. Prcaohed in Wickhnm terrace Presbyterian Church, on opening Queensland Presby terian General Assembly, May S, 1897. "Verily, verily, I say unto yon, he that belicvet-li on Mo, the works that 1 do shall ho do also ; anil greater workn than these ebaU lio do, because I go unto My Fsther."— John xiv. 12. Theso wore part of Christ's words of com fort to His disoiples. Ho lmd made what to them was a sud announcement. "Little children, yet a little while I am with you. Ye shall seek Me, and as I said unto the Jews, 'Whither I go yocannot come,' sonow I say to you." But, as Ho looked upon their saddened countenances, He added, "Let not your hourt he troubled," and gave reasons specially why they should not he troubled becauso . of His going away from them. They would loso sight of His form and miss His voice, but as a compensation, and inoro than com pensation, they would enter upon the enjoy ment of greater privileges than hud been theirs before. His going away was a neces sary condition of the Spirit's coming, whose office it is to quicken the word of Christ in tho heart of the believer, nnd cnuse it to benr fruit in tho life. " When He tho Spirit of troth is come Ho will guido you into all truth ; for He shall tako of tlio things of Mine and show them unto yon." In virtue of His holy office, the word of truth becomes tho seed of action and chnracter, " Springs upward, brings forth fruit, iu some thirty, in some sixty, and somo one hundredfold," or, as our text puts it, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that belioveth on Me, the works that I do shall he do ulso, and greater works than these shall lie 'do becanse I go unto the Fntlier.'' In dwelling for a short time on these words wo shall arrange our thoughts by noticing : 1\. That Christian faith leads to a Christ like life. 2\. That in some respects the work of Christ'speoplo is a greater work than that of Christ Himself. Aud first wo notice tbo fact that true faith in Christ leads to a Cliristliko life. Tho certainty of this is expressed hero by our Lord's usual emphatic pliraso, "Vorily, verily, I say unto you." In this mattor Ho would say, Thero can he no rooin'for doubt. " Ho that belioveth on Mo tho works that I do shall ho do also." It is plain that more than miraculous works wore hero intended. It is not historically trim that tlie disciples performed ns great, much less greater, miraculous works than ChriHt. But if " works" ha taken to cover all the distinguishing labours of Christ, then it is true that grcuter results did aud do still follow tho efforts of the servants than the Master. But to return to tho point boforo us. It is inuintained that tho works of Christ sre still the Christian's works. Thero is inoro than resemblance bore, tlicro is identity, a taking up and pursuing, on tho part of tho disciplo, what the Mnster begun. Tho Acts of tho Apostlos form tho sequel of tho Gospels, und tlio history of the church since (ho duys of tho apostles is but tho continuanco of thoso earlier chapters. From tlio days of Christ to the present time, and, ua it will bo until time is no more, u common spirit, aim, and effort, enlivens, directs, and engages tho ohildrcn of God. "As thou 1ms sent Mo into tho world," saith Christ to His Father, " so liavo I sont thorn into tho world." Aud what Ho came into tho world to do He briefly expresses in another part of tho srnno prayer, when ho says, "I have glorified Thee on tho earth." God, through Christ, was manifested. "Tho only begotten Sou who was in tho bosom of tho Father declared Him." Men learn to know God from Christ. Conceptions which are of faith aro fruitful things, most of all our conceptions of thu divino. "This," saitli the Great Tcuohcr, "is life eternal, that thoy might know Time tlio only true God and Josus Christ whom Thou linst sent." To mako God known to men— that wus Christ's business, nnd having learned of Him, that also is ours. Part of Christ's work, und in some aspects of it, was purely personal. "He trod tho wine press ulone, and of tho peoplo thero was none with Him." " By one sacrifice Ho hath for ever perfected thorn that ore sanctified." When Ho cried with n load voice as Ho gavo up the ghost, "It is finished," nothing throughout the ages could bo added to this sclf- aecoinplislied work. Ho was, and is, and ever shall be, the "one Mediator be tween God and man," "the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." But as we affirm this, who shall say that tho croBS of Christ has no great lesson in the way. of awakening likemindedness in us? Who shall say that the great principles of divine lovo which lay behind Gethsemuno and Galrnry uro not meant to shape our lives, aud through us, spread to other human hearts and lives? To separate ourselves thus from Christ, is to loso sight of the greatest principle of our holy religion. Remembering that Christ is oruoificd for us, let us not for get that it is also the will of God wo should he crucified with Him. Tho mind that was in Him must also dwell iu 11s. This lies baok of nil other things. Wo can bo of no use to Christ, or to the church, or to the world, in winning it baok to God, without this spirit; but in- tho measure in which we possess it are we fitted for Ghristliko work. Paul put this rightly first in tlio ordor of account he gavo of himself and his lifowork, " I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live, yet not I but Christ liveth in me, and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by tho faith of tho Son of God who loved me, and gnvo Himself for mo." With Him it was not a mutter of official posing, tho mera utterunco of a delegate, when ho said, "Wo besoooli you in Christ's stead he ye reconciled to God." Ho had a shuro of the Saviour's spirit, whioh led Him to endure affliction, aud to suffor tho lo3s of all things, if so ho that men might bo brought to the knowledge of God. Thoro wut a transference of tho spirit of the suffering Saviour to the working upostlo. Ho had learned of Christ. Learned to love roon with that kind of lovo, if not in tbo saino degree, as Christ lovod them, and waB thus qualified as nothing- -clso could havo quulificd him, to preach tho Gospel of Christ to tbom. " Who now rejoico," ho writes to the Colossiun Christians, "in my sufferings for you, nnd fill up that whioh in behind of tho offliotioiiB of Christ in my flesh for His body's sake, whioh is tho church ; whereof I am made a minister." This, too, wo must learn, tliut if we aro to ha oo-workers with God in bringing men to a saving knowledge of Him, wo must begin wlioro Christ hogius. Tho Spirit of God mid His Christ must bo iuournatcd in us. Wo must havo fellowship with Him in His sufferings for sinning and sorrowing humanity." Qualified by this spirit we are propared to consider and attempt the praotical duties of a Ohristlike life. What these are our Lord has informed us by interpreting the words of tho prophot Isaiah as re ferring to Hiinsolt. "Tho Spirit of tlie Lord God is upon ino because Ho hath anointed mo to preach the Gospel to the )oor. Ho hatli sent mo to heal tho brokcu- learted, to preach dclivorance to tho ouptives, and recovering of sight to tho blind, to sot ut liberty them that aro bruised." How tliis commission was fulfilled by Him tho Gospels tell us. How tho poor nnd despised flocked to hear Him ; how tho hrokcu-honrtecl woro comforted ; how the poor lunutics and demoniacs wero delivered from tho bonds of darkness, passion, and misery in whioh thoy were held ; how thu blind had given to them tho joy of eight; ; und the bruised and debased, physically nnd spiritually, were hoaled aud lifted up we are furailiur. But, brctliren, are wo not much in tho lmbit of thinking tlmt ull this forms a dosed chapter of history — u record of tho past? Tlmt tho struggle of this bravest, purest, most loving, and unselfish of human souls against ignorance, prejudice, pride, and cruelty interests ub only us students of his tory, and, whilst commanding admiration evokes u feeling of regret that so infinite goodness anil wiBdom should have mot with so poor appreciation und reward? But tlio matter assumes a different aspect when we remember that Christ's life is not a closed ohaptcr of history, that it is His will to accomplish His work lit the world largely by Hie people ; devoting, and sending them, oven as He had been sent funl appointed by the Father. — . — — — "v Withdrawn from, human sight, Ho is never ' theless rcally present, working in, and by, all _ who are consecrated to the objeots for whioh His own life was consecrated. " Go ye," saith Ho to thorn, " and make disoiples of all nations. . . . Touching them to ob serve all things whatsoover I have coni- manded yon." To conform to those injunctions is hut to obey tho promptings of a renewed heart. Christ's commands — un- i ,n,ome' a'" "l "inny things impossible of fulfilment to ono who has not His Spirit— Wtt, ,0 f-ricvous to him who has. " Etis meat and drink will lio to do the will of Him who scut him." He will realise in. tho impulses, sympathies, and deep- rooted desires of his heart, oven moro than in actual accomplishments, tho truth of tbo Saviour's words : " Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that belioveth on Me, tho works that I do shall ho do also." Tho work of Christ in tlio world is only in its commencement. "Wo sco not yet all things put under Him." Heathenism and Mabofnctaniam still claim tho larger share of the human race; nor does tho profession of tho Christian religion in many in stances afford auy guarantee of a Christian character. Iu saying this I am not thinking merely, or chiefly, of thoso who, benring tho Christian name, havo their lives disgraced with evil deeds ; hut of those who havo not so learned Christ us to identify tlicmsolvos with tlio sins and sorrows of men and to loud them to lives of self-renunciation and service. We have mora than enough of the " save yourself gospel," moro than enough of tho pleasurable luxury of sermon-hearing and spiritual self-grutifi- cntion whioh gets little, if unything, hoyornl the point of thinking and saying, " What a grand sermon that wus ! What a fino meet ing! How I did enjoy that prayer, or that hymn, or that bible reading." "The truthnsit is in Jesus" is tlio truthof sacrificoundsorvico —that, or nothing. Tliank God there are thoso who have thus learned it. Believing in- Him, . tlio works that He does thoy do also. As Ho in, so are they in this world. Bearers of God's massage of lovo to the poor. " Minding not high things, but comloacond- ing to men of low estate." Benevolept giving of suoh things as they liavo to those who . need. "Having compassion on the multitude." Ever interested in all that tends to mako men nobler and happier, whether tho means of scouring that relief and uplifting bo education, or polities, or sanitation,- or church organisation. Sure wo are that every such effort is a Christlike effort, iu harmony with His lifo and doctrine, who whilst Ho sought to direct men's minds to and prepare thom for another world, laboured and sufiercd to ulloviuto the pain and sorrow of human life bero. Suoh ' practical Christianity us con sists in humility, and humaneness, a sacred regard for tho life, liberty, health, and happiness of men, is that to whioh wo aro called, and of which wo have tho pledgo iu tho fuith of Christ in our hearts, " Verily, verily, ,1 say unto you, he that bolievoth in Me, the works that I do shall ho do also." to be concluded.) 