rv. "Nay, my darling/'' said Gilbert's Cheery voice, out of the dar-kness outside, as be enteueaV "Nay, my Erling, don't curse kim ; bless kim instead. Ihave heard qll and this. is the happiest moment of my life. If Mr.. Garatang, 1B respon- sible for the scuttling of my boat, I thank him from the bottom of my .heart, for he has been the means of making your lore at least known to me?" Rupert Garstang .threw,, up his anus inaftnightwhenGiUïeiiicame.forwai'cl as if he had seen a ghost ; but before my husband had finished speaking he realised the position and, snatching up his hat, fled from the house. I drew a reil ovei* the loving moments that ensued between Gilbert and myself. Suffice it to say that I have never known a day's unhappiness with him since, and we are now, after twenty long years, as endeared to each other as ever. It transpired that the holes in the boat had (as " Old Dave" had suggested) been filled with plugs pf some .soluble sub- stance, and when about half-way across the river mouth, the water began to flow in. ';' ., Gilbert tried ay. he could to keen it down by bailing, but it was fast gaining when he sighted a boatman out fishing, and made signs of distress. The fisher- man managed to reach him in time, and, : after beaching the scuttled boat on " The Warren," they proceeded to Dawlish. Gilbert returned with his rescuer subse- quently, not for "a moment antici- pating that any scare would be created or that it would get to my»ears in any way." ' ? , - '' j He was, of course, at a loss to under stand who could haye tampered with his boat, but it now seemed manifestly certain that Rupert Garstang, having found out that we were at Bcmouth, had in a drunken freak followed us, and in this mad-headed and clumsy, but dia- bolical, fashion tried to put Gilbert out Of the way. . His wicked act had, instead, the effect of bringing Gilbert and myself such great happiness that we determined not to inquire further into' it; and Rupert Gars tang never crossed our path again. 