NOVEL. A Judicial Error. By Marion Manvillo Pope. CHAPTER I. The usual crowd had gathered in the gaol oourt-yard,— reporters, officers of the law, a prieBt in black robes, the attorney who had conducted the defence and who believed in the innocence he had failed to establish, the staff of physicians, and the one loyal, faithful friend of the condemned man, who had marched with him from the murderer's cell, mounted the scaffold, and now stood beside him for the few brief moments left. This friend waB manifestly much less composed and more excited than the man who was about to suffer the extreme penalty of the law. ' Aside from those whose business it was to be tbere in one .capacity or another, there -were absolutely no spectators. All the mere morbidly curious had been rigorously ex cluded. The attorney for the defence-— 'Absolute' Johnson, an his friends on the bench called him, nicknaming his baptismal p. title, Absalom, to fit the qualities of his character with good-humored aptness— was speaking to a reporter for the ' Star.' ' Mr. Blotwell, you are about to witness a legal murder.' The reporter, who had been mightily im pressed by the lawyer's masterly summing up of the case, rubbed the lobe of his ear with a lead-penoil and looked troubled. ' Sou still believe him innocent P ' As I am, or as youare, of that crime.' ' How do you know it, Mr. Johnson P' he asked, eagerly, transferring the point of his pencil to the pad. Absolute Johnson lifted his hand proteet- ingly. 'Now I am not talking for print. I've said all I had to say in public, and God knows I wish it had been enough. That man is being hanged by a chain of circum stantial evidence absolutely without break, and absolutely false in every link. I couldn't prove it, but I know it.' This was said so earnestly and so feelingly that the reporter forbore to jot it down. Nevertheless he repeated his question. ' How do you know that ?' The lawyer regarded him moodily for a < moment. ' Young man, how do you know the sun Bhines ?' 4 Because I see it.' p 'Exactly. If 1 should take you into a dungeon now you would no longer see it, but you would know it was still shining, wouldn't you ?' ' Of course I should.' ' Very good- We know it is shining : we oan prove it. Now why is it shining P' The reporter, who was young and who had not delved deeply enough into physical science to have a pat— even if a fallacious — answer ready, was Bilent. 4 It has light, it has heat, therefore it iB presumably a molten ball. It is fire. Why is it fire instead of water ?' 1 Ask me something easy, Mr. Johnson.' ' Very well. Then ass me something easier than why I know that Caleb Newal is innocent.' 4 In another group men had been disouss- ing capital punishment in subdued voices. ' If you want to go back to the law of MoBes,' said one, ' and begin harping about an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, perhaps you can find some justification for it. But the laws of Moses were built for barbarians who didn't know what a moral was until you opened their heads with a hatchet to get the idea in. Such laws ought to be relegated to the Dark Ages, where they belong.' ' So ought the crime of murder, said one of his listeners. ' No doubt, but two wrongs don't make one right. We are about to do the same thing that we are hanging this man for doing. Taking his life does not bring back the life he took. I tell you capital punish ment is a pernicious thing. It's morbid. It's unhealthy. I believe that the guillo tine, and the sight of the blood it spilled in Paris, have done more, humanely speaking, to lower the moral tone of Franoe - than all the crimes put together that were ever com mitted in her boundaries since the abolish ment of torture and the raok. Every witness of an execution is haunted by it for days. He thinks about it ; he talks about it. The morbid dwelling upon the thought of taking human life spreads. It's like publishing the pictures of criminals. It tickles the vanity of the vicious, who are not wise enough to discrimate between prominence and notoriety, but go on forever confusing the fame of the one witb the ill fame of the other. It's de moralizing. It tends to vice. Suppose a man is proved innocent after he has been condemned and executed ?' The speaker was interrupted by the sheriff's voice. All other sounds ceased. The sun was overhead at high noon, and the prisoner's shadow was under the feet that pressed the drop. Every man in the little gaol court yard stood upon the thin darkness of his own stunted noon- shadow. The gallows cast a sinister bar upon the heads of the two young men, the free and the con demned, and this tar smote across the breast of the priest, who stood a little back of the prisoner. Everything was pro found >y still, save for the oooing of a purple pigeon- who bowed his burnished head before his mate as they perohed upon a ledge of the western wall. Have you anything to' say, Oaleb ?' 4 Nothing, except, perhaps, to repeat that I am innocent.' He had been looking off into the sky with dreamy eyes in which a certain resigned regret lingered, — the regret of a man who looks upon a scene from which he is to be long absent, rather than one whioh he ex pects never to see again. This expression which was calm and plaoid if neither bright nor animated, fixed itself upon the memory of the witnesses. It contrasted strongly with the working and distorted countenance and the furious eyes of the friend. He had thrown his left arm proteotingly about the prisoner's shoulders, and this attitude of unwavering affection and fidelity to the last was pathetic and pitiful. The sheriff un clasped the handcuffs preparatory to binding the prisoner's arms behind him, and the two friends grasped each others hands, as they did SO; an expression of surprise and be wilderment flashed over Oaleb Newal's face. He shook his head and his lips moved. His friend seemed expostulating with him, but in a whisper of an unknown tongue. The priest closed his eyes and crossed himself, and as the four hands fell apart, and the sheriff, inspird with sudden haste, bound the condemned man's hands behind him something glittered for a moment in the sun and fell with a tinkle of broken glass upon the pave ment. Newel's face had caught and re flected the excitement upon his friend's countenance. 4 No, no !' he cried, there is no disgraoe in an unmerited punishment. The orime would have been infamous, but the death of a man who is not guilty has no ignominy in it. Remember that, old fellow, remember it. God bless you, and good- by.' The last word came through the black oap: the next moment the drop had fallen. As the body hung quivering and swaying, the friend lifted his right hand solemnly, and oried in a hoarse voice, 4 1 call upon you all to witness that an innocent man has suffered an unjust penalty, and I swear in your presence and before God to prove it 'before I die.' The pigeon cooed melodiously upon the western wall, and those standing near the spot where the tiny vial had broken looked at each other meaningly, for a strong and over powering smell of peach-kernels had risen from the deadly aoid it contained. In six minutes the execution had been pro nounced complete, the dead man was laid upon his shadow in the coffin, and the law waB satisfied. CHAPTER II. For three generations theNewals had occu pied an old mansion in the outskirts of a town in New Jersey. The property had a history when the Newals purchased it, a history connected with the times of Washington and the Revolutionary days. It was then called The Manor House by its English owner, who had sought to establish a bit of the old home world in the new colony. It had its park then, and its own preserves, and kept its ken nel, and the gentlemen of the Manor did dross-country riding in pink coats that were violently scarlet, and in every way kept up the old home sports, as loyal Englishmen always do, whether in the arctics or the tropicB, the way of England being mani festly too superior to those of the rest of the world to admit of their being Bet aside for anything so unimportant as a trifling differ ence in olimate. But after a little; as the old colonists' days became yesterdays, and to-morrow of the. colonists had becomejthe to-day of the young republic, changes had taken plaoe in and around the Manor. The last Squire had, broken his neck which' fitted his pink coat so admirably, riding gallantly to his death in a ditch on his own estate. The fox lived to harry the hen-coops, and the widow mid children, who were loyal royalists, were glad to dispose of the Manor with its fixtures and preserves, even to that last ditch, and return to the more enlightened atmosphere of Sent or Sussex. With the fixtures were included some family portraits left behind in the stress of adverse circumstances, and after a generation these came to be regarded as the British ancestry of the Newals, who were not British at all, and, to do them justice, never claimed to be. And in the course of that overturning generation the hunting preserves were par celled off and fenced in and farmed out, and two roads were cut through them, crossing in a corner of the park where the lane of horse-chestnut, ended at the big iron gate and the high stone wall. All of these changes would no doubt have been discomposing to the ghost of the last Squire had he returned some gusty autumn night and ridden merrily to hounds with all hiB ghostly train, for the good dogs had long since bayed their last fox or moon, and the big brown hunter had broken his own back and heart along with his master's neck in that last ditch. But fence and farm, and oross-road and cottage, would not have been so surprising in the old hunting fields as the Raritan Oanal dividing them with a watery way, along whioh floated a contented commerce congratulating itself upon the improvements of a modern age. The hunting horn of the old Squire's day had been replaced by the tuneless tooting of tin honis by canal-boat oaptains signalling the bridge tender in his cottage on the new bankB where travellers along the cross- roads paid toll over the new waters. The nearest approach to the merry windings of the old horn was produced by a certain canal cap tain who owned a leaky key bugle, upon which he wheezed hoarse cavalry calls to bridges along his way, much as if they were forts or sleeping barracks. The tow path ran only a hundred yards to the rear of the Manor, around whose diminished domain the stone wall had been continued, and the view- halloo ef the old hunts had been superseded by the shouts of ragged drivers along its dusty road. The tinkle of the mule bells was heard at intervals day or night in every room of the old house by those who chose to listen, and may even have penetrated into tiie musty depths of the big iron bound ohest in the attic, where moths were bnsily turning the pink coat into erratic lace -work, and the leather seated breeches were mouldering beside the rusty bit and stirrups of that last ride. Truly that generation was as a season for its ohanges. The sacred four poster in whioh Revolutionary generals had slept and snored had become a cradle for lusty little Newals who kicked the covers off, and had oroup, and measles, and scarlet rash, and other small miseries to whioh they had fallen unwilling heirs. The advent of these human ills into the precincts hitherto set apart for . reverential traditions to cluster about and bear big imaginative fruit would have horri fied and soandalized the ghost of the ex- hunter, even had they not troubled his peaoe so much as the moths in the broadcloth or the mule-bellB along the tow-path. But they were part and parcel of the change. The first Newal of the Manor had been thrifty. He had made money in dividing the estate he had purohased, and the value of his property had increased with the improve ments of the country. His eldest son had married and brought his .vife home, and the other sons and daughters, liberally portioned, had tacitly sought other homes, for the most part in what was then the West, New York and Pennsylvania ; one had even ventured into the far weBt of Ohio. The eldest son, himself one of ten children, had only three of his own, one son, Oaleb, and two daughters, Catherine, his . oldest ehild, and Dorothy, his youngest. No Newal had ever lived, in the memory of the community where they had been known for three generations, who had not been an honorable, upright, self-respeoting, and respected citizen. The girls were virtuous, prudent, and oapable, and the first and second Newal of the Manor dying had each declared that his children had been a bless ing to him. Judge, then, of the horror and astonishment of the community when Caleb Newal was accused of one of the most cold blooded and unprovoked murders in the criminal annals of New J ersey . At first such an accusation seemed incredible, monstrous, beyond the limits of imagination. But, as circumstance after circumstance was deve loped, all doubt was removed, and the oon- viction of his guilt took as strong possession of the majority as faith in bis innocence had previously obtained. The victim for whose violent taking off Oaleb Newal stood acoused was an old gentlemen who had been a friend of the first Newal and a neighbor to all, one of the moBt peaceable and harmless of men, who had dandled Caleb on his knee as a ohild and been a wise and loving friend to him as a man. Old Mr. Atterly, as he was familiarly called, the adjective having taken the place of the given name, as it often does when men and women outlive their generation, had been killed by several blows upon tbe head, in - flicted with a heavy walking-stick of his Own, for it lay beside him upon the floor and bore evidence of the ghastly misuse to which it had been applied. The orime had presum ably been committed somewhere- between eight and ten o'clock on the evening of May . 3: In the- spring dusk of. the former hour . Caleb Newal had crossed the bridge over the canal, stopping for a moment for a little friendly conversation with the bridge-tender and telling him he was going to see Mr. Atterly, whose home was on the.other side of the new water from the Manor and some .' little distance west. At the gate he had been met by the Rev. Mr. Baxter, to whose ohuroh Mr. Atterly and the NewalB belonged. Mr. Baxter afterwards testified that he was coming away, but had returned with Caleb, parting with him at the gate a few minutes utter. At ten . minutes - after .ten the gar- : dener, who had been employed by Mr. Atterly for over forty years, and who had that evening been sent to town upon his master's business, returned, and, going straight to the little room opening off the garden to deliver his belated message, had been the first person to make the horrible discovery. This small room had been used by the old gentleman during his latter years, when age- rendered him feeble, for an office- In it, as he was one of the riohest men in the country, his manifold business interests were attended to without assistance other than that given by interested parties, for his mind had not shared in the decadence of his body, but con tinued vigorous to the last. It was in this room, opening abruptly as it did into the garden and thereby affording the murderer means of egress and escape unseen, that the old servant had found his master's lifeless- form. This gardener, who also served some what in the capacity of private servant- about the house, and, in a limited way, gauged by his capacity of intelligence rather than fidelity, was a confidential man whom his master trusted to the limit of his under standing, testified to having been most un happily detained beyond his usual hour of returning on that fatal night by the absence of the gentleman whom he had been sent to- see. This statement was corroborated by a number of witnesses, so that no possible- suspicion could be attached to him. In his- testimony at the trial he said that he had rushed immediately in search of his wife, who was housekeeper and cook, and who had, with himself, grown old in the mur dered man's service. His wife was very hard of hearing : he had found her sitting a the kitchen table doing some mending. Their grand-daughter, a girl of reventeen who helped about the house, was asleep,, with her head resting on the table. He testified that she was a heavy Bleeper, not liable to be awakened by sounds, as she- usually had to be shaken. He remembered distinctly having been compelled to shake her violently that night in order to. arouse her to an understanding of the appalling orime that had been committed iu the house during his absence. The kitchen was detached from the main part, after the fashion of Southern houses, — old Mr. Atterly was a Southenerby birth, — but there were bells communicating with it from his master's office and sleeping-room. Neither his wife nor his grand-daughter had heard an alarming sound, and no bell had rung to summon them. Mr. Caleb would have- entered his house without knocking, as was his lifelong custom, and the minister, iu common with other people who were upon familiar terms witb the master, was in the habit of proceeding at once to the little office instead of summoning the servants to admit him through the front door of the rambling old house. The old gentleman was not- known to have an enemy in the world, and there was nothing missing from his person or from the premises to indicate that robbery had been the motive for the crime. One gold piece and a few silver coins were found in his pockets, also a valuable watoh and an old-fashioned gold fob of massive workman ship. This fob, which was always plainly visible upon the old gentleman's waistooat, would certainly have excited the cupidity of any strolling vagabond who might have wandered along the towpath and been tempted by some inscrutable cause to com mit bo foul a deed. But no stranger had been seen. It was here that evidence began to fasten- upon Caleb Newal. " At' ten minutes of ten that night, the bridge- tender had seen him- cross hurriedly, apparently returning in an- agitated and exoited state of mind. He had hesitated for a moment, standing ::full in the light which streamed from the little toll house, while he looked up and down the tow-path in a bewildered manner, as if un certain which way to take. During this- moment the bridge-tender saw with astonish ment that his clothing was strangely awry and in a dishevelled state, which was parti cularly noticeable, as Caleb was rather fop pish and precise in his attire. After this- momentary hesitancy, and without replying to or appearing to hear the bridge-tender's salutation, he seemed suddenly to recollect himself and started off down the tow-path in the direction of his own home. Half an hour later Mr. Atterly's old gardener, who had oroBsed from town a few minutes - after Mr. Caleb passed, came running back, stumbling and breathless, shouting as he ran that his poor old master had been murdered. It was then the bridge-keeper first attached importance to the. , young man's unusual, state, and remembered that there were certain dark spots upon his clothing that glistened like water during the brief moment when he- stood in the little square of light. No strangers, of a suspicious look or other wise, had been seen along the road or tow- path that evening. A woman with two little children had passed, going towards a small farm on which they lived, laden with packages and parcels whioh the children were helping her to carry.' The Rev. Mr. Baxter had not returned,, having gone back, as was sometimes his wont, on' the other side of the oanal, crossing over a . bridge nearer town. He had gone over by the Hamilton road, as it was called, above the Manor, and might" have crossed by any one.' of two or three bridges farther down. V. It was afterwards developed that at ten o'clock or thereabouts,, just as Mrs. Newal and her daughters ' were retiring, Caleb entered at the back door, having come in through the canal gate, to which he carried a key, and was going straight to his room, when his sister Catherine came with a candle to the head of the stairs to tell him that his friend Donald Matheson, playfully called ' Damon by the family, had been waiting fop over an hour to see him;: (To BV COOTIHUHD.) 