ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ' J.TAXIA CUBE. ? ? » DOCTORS PBOHOUNCED CASE HOPELESS. HELD TO BE SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER A PROMINENT SYDNEY M.L.A. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian Workman) Our representative made bis wa7 to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. ? 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best known residents of that thickly populated suburb.. He was discovered nursing a baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to the preliminary ques tions be said : 'You want to know all about my easel Well, lam glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' 'How long were you suffering ?' ' About five-and-half years ago I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a hath in Pitt street, Sydney. From the date of the' accident my health began to fail and after fonr years of gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the 'Glebe Islands.' ' What were the symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two ,in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder ,and was a nuisanse .to myself and everyone. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. ' I cauie home and went to bed, and have been in bed pretty well eTer feinee, A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then it was all over with me, and only a question of days when - 1 would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, aud did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gait-, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movement. He told me that 1 might last for ten year*, and that I might never get the use of my legs.' (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with .energy, to show that the medical- opinion is not. infallible.) 'Well, 'just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the ad vertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in England which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit hiy own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills a trial any way, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many, a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with the aid of a stick and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and. I bave never used them. They were made for me before I got the pills; but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them.' Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his life and made another raun. of him,' A friend who called in at, this point said that Jarvis Iook?J tvn years younger that day than he did a short time back. 'I can now,'' continued Jo-rvis, nave a cold bath, and all the feel ing has come back in my legs. I expect shortly to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health, and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe .all the changa and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of Opium and Mor phia Pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay -where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' WHAT MR. LABOR-LEADER M'GOWAN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. MGowan, M.P , leader of the labor party in the N.S.W- Assembly was also seen in. connction with the remarkable case of llr. Thomas Jarvis. He says he has known' Jarvis from infancy. He also knows that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he de veloped. He afterwards heard tfoat Jarvis was bedridden, and that there was little chance of hi? recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Syd ney ^Hospital, as his case tad been pronounced incurable.' ~Mr Mj&owan; was, therefore, like ^verg one else wfeo knew the facts, as-1 tounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short at the cure of locomotor ataxia; they positively cure rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, and neu ralgia, and influenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all '^diseases of women, sutu as anaemia, poor and watery blood, female kregularities, nervous head ache, and hysteria. They are not a purgative medicine, but brace up and permanently^ strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all lead ing -cliemists, or from the Dr. Wil liams' Medicine Company, Parth, W.A., who will forward (post paid), on receipt of stamps or post order, 1 box for. 3s. or half-dozen for las. 9d. Dbowbtsd in Beer. — At a brewery attached to a public-house known as The Folly, near Bath, the dead body of a man named William Cope was found recently in a huge beer vat, into which it is supposed lie/walked accidentally. Sib W. Windeteh. — Judge Windeyer's last words to Mr Patchett Martin in London before .he left for Italy, were : — ' I owe everything to Lord Sherbrooke. When my mother was left a poor widow he provided the means that sent me to the Sydney Univer sity.' A Mortgage Company. — Mr. W. A. Cottee has accepted the im portant position of chairman of the board of advice at Sydney of the Australian Mortgage, Land, and' Finance Company, Limited, and Mr. James Kidd, of the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, has been appointed manager for the company in that city. Proposed Children's Hos pital. — We understand that satis factory progress has been made in regard to the proposed establish ment of a children's hospital. A public meeting in furtherance of the movement , will be held in St. George's Halloa theevening of Mon day, November 8. One gentleman has promised that at that meeting he ?will give 100 guineas towards the object provided that an ad ditional ,£560 is guaranteed from other sources by the same date. His Excellency the Governor has consented' to preside at the meeting. The honorary secretary (Mr. W. Watson) is prepared to receive sub scriptions in aid of the movement. Succi Again Fasting.— ^Succi, the fasting man, is now walled-up alive lor iiine day6 and nights in the garden of the cafe Savonarola in Florence (says a London paper of September 26). The little room is' elegantly furnished at the expense of Count AlbertL The room has four small apertures in the walls for ventilation, and three panes of .glass firmly mortared into the wail. Before entering his 10 days' prison and fasting-place Succi had ah abundant dinner. Accident to Miss M. Can ning. — On Saturday afternoon Miss M. -Canning, accompanied bv one of her sisters, was driving down Barrack-6treet in a dog-cart when the pony attached to the vehicle stumbled opposite the Government-buildings. The result was that Miss M. Canning was thrown to the ground and rendered unconscious. * Assistance was speedily forthcoming, and Miss Canning was carried into the South British Insurance Co.'s offices. Dr. Courtney was summoned, and was soon in attendance. He found that the young lady's injuries were not of a Beriou8 nature, and after restoratives bad been applied she regained consciousness and was driven home in a cab. Db. Zillmank's Lectube. — Last night, in the Bohemia-tall, Murray-street, the Rev. Dr. Zill mann lectured to a large audience on tlie subject of 'What the World is Coming To.' The chair was taken by Mr. Vosper, M.L.A. The lecturer pointed out that the world waited for redemption through some great supernatural, agency, while the means .of sockl and moral ' redemption existed' m man's better nature. He expressed the opinion that the future condi tion, o£ society might not be unlike that portrayed by Bellamy in bis well-known book ' Locking Back ward.' It was a true saying that wealth could accumulate only where the people were degraded, and a happy society could not exist until the present greed for wealth had ceased. Spectacles. — The alleged supe riority of the spectacles fitted with lenses -made of baryta glass seems to be settled by the investigations of MM. Druault and Tscherning, who examined the lenses in the ophtnalmological laboratory of the Sorbonne, aud found them inferior to those of ordinary glass. The index of refraction is higher, and the difference of curvature is of no practical advantage. The baryta lenses are not harder, but are slightly more transparent. Impending Trouble. — Some thing disagreeable is to happen to the world in the present month, in November 1898, and December 1899\. So says the oracle in the Theosophical Eevietc. Madame Blavatsky predicted something awful and vague, and her prophecies are to come true at the times aforesaid. The Indian frontier risings mark the beginning of these portents. . Considering that the Tw/Hati frontier has been disturbed from time immemorial, ' H. T. B.' might hare predicted something a 