' THE TRANSVAAL. toe alleged british suzer ainty. payment of members— £1200' a year each. enormous gold output. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) JOHANNESBURG, September 13.— When I closed my last letter, tve ultlanders were waiting with bated breath the fulminatlons .of the Volks- raad at the audacity o£ Mr. Chamberlain In hav ing indicated that Great Britain claimed suzer- ntntv nvni' tho TMnevmil Tho ret 1 n J n o- trnrtpf anil business generally was at a standstill for a few (lays, pending a notice of motion given by Mr. Barend Vorster, .demanding to know what the British Statesman meant by such language; and as we never know what may be tho outcome of "strained relations" here, we were prepared for the worst — war, possibly; but the thing fiz zled out. President Kruger attended the Raad, and allayed tbe mover's Irritation and our fears, by a pacific speech which, summed up. meant that Mr. Cbamberlain couldn't possibly have said what the newspapers reported of him as saying, and that the Transvaal was on terms of peTfect friendship with the rest of the world, including England; for which we, of course, were duly grateful. The nominations for President of the Republic for another three years' term takes place In November. The only possible candidate for the post in opposition to Oom Paul is General Jou- bert; but as he hasn't the ghost of a chance It may be a walk over for the former after all. The burghers, owing to the rinderpest and general depression, have been forced from their farms on the veld to seek for food in Johannes burg. Meetings of relief committees have been, and are still doing all they can to help, hut the Government has so far been unable to afford the relief desired by the mining industry, which the Industrial Commission recommended in their re port a month ago. The Volksraad referred the report to a select committee, and notwithstanding the distress existing, and which the report if car ried Into effect would put an end to, nothing has been done. The Raad members must themselves have felt the pinch pretty bad, for they have car ried a resolution granting themselves payment ut the rate of £1200 per annum; which, even In this golden area, is considered a fairly good honorar ium for doing practically nothing. Certainly they were goaded into doing this, for it was the result a "leraor'al, or petition as you call it. signed by M0' burghers, good and true, and the Raad members felt that the suggestions contained in that memorial, whereby it was insinuated that they were neglecting their business without ade quate remuneration, were too important to be ignored. V ou might think these facts smack of 11 Twain; but tbey are nevertheless the plain unvarnished truth for all that.- Another amusing piece of legislation is now be ing considered, that is to give every burgher who lias twelve or more sons a piece of land. This is also the outcome of a memorial wherein it was alleged that the memorialist had a baker's dozen of sons, the youngest being thirteen, "all of who had fought in defence of the Transvaal." rsotnlng is said about the mother and daughters as yet, but the debate will be an education in economics, which will amuse, if not astonish, the outsido world. If tile 12 sons be good boys, it won t be so bad, hut If they are like a few that are to be seen occasionally round the town, the taxpayers will find it hard to have, in addi tion to the piece of land (size not staled), to provide gaol accommodation for these heroes. Simultaneously with the granting of the £1200 per annum, the Raad considered it advisable to decide upon the question of reducing the sala ries of civil servants 15 per cent, all round, to balance things, no doubt. This idea has raised the ire even of the slothful burgher, who draws State pay, and there Is likely to be "wigs on the green shortly, if the reduction is enforced. Al ready, several constituencies have called on their members to resign, but their lungs are either too weak, or the ears o£ their representatives are too dull, for no responsive action has resulted yet. I said, "if the reduction Is enforced," be cause legislation here is often passed one day and withdrawn from operation the next; al though the ultlanders' tax paper is delivered with scrupulous regularity, and the payment en forced as puntlilously as ever. We have had a big fire In the heart of the town. A large store, stocked with lubricating oil, caught fire, aud blazed terrifically, but be yond destroying- the store itseir, and damaging slightly some of the adjoining shops, no fur ther damage occurred, thanks to the lire bri gade and the calm weather at the time. Re garding the fire brigade, they have no look-out no fire bell, and after 7.30 p.m. the telephones are shut off, so they depend upon the energetic citizen to rush round and give the alarm; so tha„ some day you may be prepared to hoar that half the town has been destroyed, because the energetic one was not about when the blaze started. These matters, have been fully pointed out on more than one occasion by intelligent observers, but tbe Dutchmen smoke on as sto lidly as the nigger on a barrel of gunpowder. .Last week a terrible explosion took place at tbe George Gocli mine, about four miles from Johan nesburg. The dynamite magazine, from some un- dlrcovered cause, exploded, creating a widespread wreck. The magazine was near a kafir location and eight natives were klled on the spot. A native woman was also severely hurt Two whites were also severely injured, aud about "0 natives more or less so. The scene at the wreck was horrible, and the ghastly remains were so shattered as to be beyond identification by the survivors of the unfortunate company in the location. The poor niggers took the calamity with their usual stoical Indifference, however. Siuce the disaster, the newspapers are teeming with letters going to show that the possibilities of similar explosions closer to the town are quite as likely as a shower of rain; so we, like the niggers, are rapidly becoming stoically indiffer ent to calamity. The only downright expression of protest. I have witnessed here took place the other night at the Stock Exchange, when a "mass meeting" of the townspeople, hurglier aud ultlander, was held, lo urge upon the Government the neces sity of giving Immediate effect to the recom mendations of the Industrial Commission. Aboul 2000 persons turned up. and it was expected that some fiery language would How. There was a full attendance of detectives and secret service men on the watch scattered through the crowd; and the chairman, who is president of the Johan nesburg Sanitary Board (kind of town council), warned us all not to deal with politics, hut sim ply pass a resolution which had been drawn up. Before this was done, however, some platitudes were addressed to us, and we were then told to hold up our hands in favor of the resolution, which most of us did. One man, who must have arrived by that night's train, and didn't under stand things in the Transvaal, proceeded to make a speech at the hack of tho hall, in which he declared we were a lot of colored crawlers, and there wasn't a decent Britisher amongst us. The manner in which that man disappeared satisfied us that we still had Britishers of a kind, and having recorded our protest upon him un- fearlngly, we are now waiting the result of the meeting's request, and meanwhile doing our best lo save the dying poor who are depending upon tho result of the recommendations being given effect to. If some relief is not very soon forth coming, the distress will assume awful propor tions. Notwithstanding the depression, the gold out put. Is greater than ever, reaching this month the enormous amount of 259,(i0.'!oz., being 8074oz. more than the July output. But as the mil lionaires get the benefit of this, and most or them enjoy it. abroad, Johannesburg does not jubilate so much as people who read these marvellous results might! expect. About 10 mines produce the gold; hut there are nearly 700 mines which will produce, that are now- unworkable. owing to the disabilities existing, which the industrial report recommends the Go vernment to remove. If the Volksraad In the end does give effect to that report, the "boom" that will follow will well repay those of us who have patiently waited for better times, as the effect upon tho gold output will far trans cend the Klondyke fields, and make this place, what everyone knows It to be capable of, the most permanent gold-bearing country ever known. With the burghers starving and the Treasury being rapidly depleted, it is hoped that my next letter may have to chronicle the fact that the Dutchman has woke up to the true state of the case, and that an era of growing prosperity has commenced. 