MISCELLANEOUS WORKS "Poems and Other Verses," by H.A.R.J. (London: T. Fisher Umvin) is a collection of pieces, mostly short, on a variety of sub jects, ranging from "grave to gay"-or rather humorous. The serious poems are the best, and show thoughtfulness and at times poetic feeling. They are, however, wanting in that individuality and technical excellence which alone justify publication. Was such an epitaph as this worth pre serving in print? "Here lieth one, tho' not long dead, Was twenty years confined to bed; And all that time, O dire disgrace, Was said to never wash her face!" The February number of "St. Nicholas" contains several interesting papers, besides the usual excellent stories, poems, and pic tures for young readers. Mr. George Ken nan, the well-known traveller in Siberia, tells of a curious 6care he had when camped in a small Russian village about 400 miles west of Bchring Strait. But for the patience and scepticism of Mr. Kennan the incident would have ranked among the best authen ticated of ghost stories. "The Birthplace of President Lincoln" is illustrated by views of the humble log cabin and the sur-! rounding locality in which the great Ameri can statesman was born. This cabin, which is in Larue, county Kentucky, has recently been restored, and as far as pos sible made exactly like what it was 88 years ago, when the infant who was to have such a memorable career was bom to Thomas and Nancy Lincoln, or Linkhorn, as the name was then spelled. Mr. C. T. Hill describes what takes place when "an alarm of fire by telegraph" is received at one of the New York Fire Brigades sta tions. The efficiency of the tire alarm telegraph system is remarkablp, and its necessity will be seen from the fact that! | there are on an average from ten to fifteen alarms of fire in New York every day. Mr. j Noah Brooks continues his "True Story of Marco Polo," quoting the old traveller's description of the great and hideous ser pents lie saw in the Chinese province of Yunnan, which it is evident were really crocodiles or alligators. 