Holt Saturday. The first ceremony of this day begins early in the morning with the blessing of the new fire, which takes place at the prin cipal door of the church. During the bles sing the priest begs of God to infuse into the hearts of the faithful the light and grace of the Holy Ghost, to enlighten them as the new fire is destined to enlighten the church unceasingly night and day. He also blesses the five grains of incense which represent the five wounds of our Divine Lord, from which flowed His Precious Blood to wash away the sins of the world. A procession is then formed and moves into the church, a triple candle being gradually lighted from the new fire during the procession, to signify the faith of the Apostles, which was revived by the successive apparitions of Christ, and which gave them courage to spread through out the world the light of the Christian revelation. Whilst the Deacon sings the incomparable chant, Exultet, he places the five grains of incense in the Paschal Candle, which, with the lamps of the church, is immediately afterwards lighted. The lighting of the Paschal Candle represents the resurrection of Christ, while the light ing of the lamps is a symbol of the resur rection of the human race from the sepul chre of sin, which was brought about by the death of Christ. After the reading of several prophecies and prayers the baptis mal font is blessed. The water in the font is scattered to wards the four quarters of the world, to indicate the Catholicity of the church and the world-wide efficacy of her sacraments; the priest breathes on the water in the form of a cross and plunges the Paschal Candle three times into the water, for the Spirit of God is to hallow it, and the power of Christ is to descend upon it; and lastly a few drops of the oil of catechumens and ©f the chrism are poured, in order, says Gavantus, to signify the union of Christ our anointed king with His people. On the way back from the font the Litanies of the Saints are begun, they are continued while the sacred ministers lie prostrate be fore the altar, and, as they end, the altar is decked with flowers and the Mass is be gun in white vestments. At the Gloria the organ sounds and bells are rung, and the joyful strains of the Alleluia peal forth after the Epistle. The vespers of the day are inserted in the Mass after the Com munion. The reason for the jubilant character of the Mass has been given above, but there are some other peculiarities which need explanation. The kiss of peace is omitted, because in the ancient rite the faithful kissed each other in the church as day was breaking, with the words, " The Lord is risen;" there was therefore a natural ob jection to anticipting the ceremony in the Mass at midnight. The Agnus Dei, which was introduced by Pope Sergius, towards the end of the seventh century, was never added to this Mass. The Communion and Postcommunion are simply replaced by vespers. But why is there no Offertory ? Liturgical writers give many different answers, none of which are satisfactory. Gavantus alleges that the celebrant alone communicated, and that hence there was no oblation of bread and wine on the part of the faithful. But, though now custom and a decree of the Congregation of Bites forbid communion, it is certain, as Meratus points out, from the Gelasian Sacramen tary, that the faithful in former times did communicate and did make the usual obla tions on this day. Meratus himself has no better explanation to give than the desire to shorten the Mass as much as possible on account of the long offices which preceded it. Easter Sunday. Easter is the feast of our Lord's resur rection. The word Easter is derived from that of the Saxon goddess, Eastre, the same deity whom the Germans proper called OstarA, and honored as the divinity of the . dawn. The German nations called the great Church-feast which fell at the begin ning of spring Easter,^ and the name con tinued among us, like such names as Thursday, long after the heathen goddess had.heen forgotten. All Christians, except those of the German family, call the feaBt of Chrises resurrection by some modifica tion of pascha, the term which the Church herself uses in her liturgy.' / This tennis of Jewish origin, and therefore we must begin with a few words on the feast of Pasch, or Passover, from which the Chris tian feast is in a certain sense derived. Passover is a literal translation of the Hebrew name for the feast or pasch of the New Testament and of Christian writers. It is certain that Christ observed the Passover the night before He died, that He made it the occasion of instituting the Eucharist, and that He, in His PaBsion, was the true paschal lamb prefigured by the lamb of the old Hebrew feast. Thus St. John calls special attention to the fact that not a bone of our Lord was broken en the cross; and St. Paul, in his first epistle to the Corinthians, argues that Christ is the true paschal lamb, and the life of Christians is to be a perpetual feast of thanksgiving for the deliverance they have obtained by Christ's blood. As the Jews removed leaven from their houses at the time of Passover, so Christians are to purge away once for all the Ueaven of malice and wickedness. Easter is, as St. Leo calls it, the " feast of feasts," the greatest of Christian solemnities. Down to the twelfth century each day in Easter week was a holiday of obligation. At present this is the case only with the first three days, and now in most countries even Easter Monday and Tuesday are only days of devotion. All moveable feasts are calculated from Easter. The joyful character of the time is marked in the services of the church— e.g., by the chanting of the " Vidi Aquam " instead of the " Asperges " before Mass ; by the constant repetition of the ''Allelui " in Mass and office all through the paschal season—i.e., until Trinity Sunday. On Easter Sunday the office is very short, because in old times the services were prolonged far into the night of Holy Saturday, so that little time was left for the matins and lauds of Easter Sunday. The short office is continued during the week, probably, as Benedict XIV. and Martene say, because the first day deter mined the office for the days that followed, and because there would have been a special inconvenience in changing it in a week when so many neophytes had just been baptised and were taking part for the first time in the full service of the church. ♦ 