ISB JEM[ ;' OR, THCE HOUSE OF THE INK SPOT. A STORY OF THE SOUTHERN STATES OF AMERICA. I was lying stretclletl at full length on the long sofa in the library. It was a drowsy afternoon in splring, as I had been 0asleep. Even after I awakened the sweet drowsiness of slumber was on l', 0111d I lay for somne time with closed lids in that thoughtless, dreamless state between sleep and waking. Suddenly I became aware of a presence in the 00roo1, and opened uly eyes, epccting to see my llunt. Instead I saw a flash ot bltlck befoe my eyes, a l1s1 tllat shlimmerllliled llnd quvered like super heated lair Slld disappeared wlhile I was blinking . nly eys to see wlat it all nicant, but 1 was alone in the roomli. Tile tiling gave me a. queer sensation, and I lay quite still for some minutes, s11utt illg a nd openillg lmy eyes to see if tile black flash reappeared. But it did 10ot; there was only a sort of tired ftclillg back of my eyes. "Malaria." I said resignedly, lind I went to look for Aillela, to get 11er to make me a lemonldOe. I found tile little maid watering the floners r(own in the paved court. I leaned over the bannister witlh my face in my hands, lazily watching her swab the dusty 0lo0, her deft little Ilands glistening like copper where the sun tollched tiheir wet brown lilngers. "Do.you believe in ghosts, Ameliai" I asked wearily. "Oh, yes, malmuelle," said tile little nIlnlidt' ill hLel llretty FrenIcll. a1S she tunlcd her scared brown face up to look at Ine. "Don't you'" "Ot course 1ot0," I answered. "but I'll thlir'st. Amlelia." 'Then she flickered the water from 11er coppery fingers and went away to mix me the cool drink oftlemon and lime juice which no one could mlike so well. When the little maid was gone. Aniut 'Cilla poked 1her big white kt'rchieft'd head from her kitchen doori nodded at llt' a 01oment, and then cltmle toiling up the steps. " You beeni sleep il de lib'r'y, ain't you. honey?" she snid, wilen she lid widdled quite close to me. "Yes," 1 snssered, wondelingly. "Das a mignihty po' place to sleep, chile," she said. BWhy, Alut 'Cilla?" I asked. SC-ause 'tis," she answered,laconically. nodding her head bhckward toward Amtli 1. who wis coining up the steps btliind lier. " I's less tellin' mlamuelle she better mek you git do featlier duster and bresh de dust ofl'n11 dem1 bananasamnd dat palm 'fo you sprinkles 'em, 'Mt'lia," said the old 01om1)1, as she walddled away. "All riiht, Aunt'Cilla.' said tihe lit tle mllaid, is she leit m10.to yi lmnonade red to wouderilug wlhllt tl'o old om1aii meant. But wh'tever sile ieant, slie would not tell ine. For days. ini the tagerness ot 1u0' tllooull'ghlv altoosed euriosity, -I besought the old swomii; uiid hlnally oF fered to bibe lier if she would tell.'till .t lst the 110or old thin,, tllite herself dowin on her knees lit nil feet. "Don't meik me tell you. Ilonu chile," shte said. ''"'Tain't nothin'l gwinie to hlurt son. tf dere was I'd tell onu et it 1k11 1e. But 'tain't uothin' 1tall gwine Ilirt you, only I done Iieen colijured, an' cf I tell de hoodoo would git ile. l 'Fo' GCawd das do truth boney," ind tihere were tears rolling doowsn t111e old 0o man's black cheeks. Of course tills served to excite liy fancy all tle more coilceruillg the shiln merinig black spot in ihe lit bhmrar, and in the meantinie I 1lhd 0 second erperience of it. It was nliicll tile s'lme sort of eCx perience as the fi1t.1except t11t 12 ha1 not been aslcep. I siils Ily dossn on tile softt aild closed m1 eyes, opening thleni suddenly, suliu the blahck spot shim siered and dancid ind ills goue. I had told my alunt upon the firsi day of our possession that the house u'e took ssas worthy to be haunted. I l'ave alsvays iontdered why my aunit selected it. It was. ill uuniy lesilects. the least prepossessing oft lny thilt the agent showed us. yet. to be sure, it had a grandeur abont it, a sort of stately, stuccoed, Creole grandeur that 'as 0 l together charming in our eyes that be held Ness Orleans for the flrst time. But the house wals plain alnd tlll .and straight inld slulre; there scere no quips 1n1) ci-leliks about its appearance on tile outside, though the interior s'as alll thalt the most fancif'ul healrt coulld vish. There was an open court, sith a rusty-throated fountain in the centre; and a scraggy, scaly palm that clam bered against one of the brick pillars quite to tile uiper gallery; there were uarroiw corridors, winding stairways and sliding panels svhich let up1o11 niches and closets that u'ere emlpty enough in reality. but which, to iny ass'akened fancy, becamle teemilig 'itll suggestions of ghosts and romance. My hunt said she seltcted the house because of its locatioll, because fromi the upper ballcony she colild see tile old Cathedral, and lover down the ship ping at tile wharf, the big smoke-puff ing strelmners. 111( even tile red sails of the tiny fishing silacks shoving their bright fare of color on the breast of the dull wlter. It sas a locution 'orth one's choosing, a location where one could overlook queer corrugated, tile covered loofs, cool, shaded, paved courts and narroow cobhiled streets; a lo cation sw'here one could hear the sweet. low speech of gentle Creole tongues from morning until night, and drealml all sorts of romiulcts. I frankly confess that the ghostly spot In tloe liblury set nit' to thinking that romnuces mhay be Inuch better dreamed than realised, pIarticularly as I could not speak to my aunt about it. We had come South for her health, llnd it be came ms constant care to keep hler f'om lknowsing b, out thie spot. \evertheless, I set myself to fi-nd out wh't it menint. I runimaged all over the house, in ('very crack mid corner, und found mn'y secret closets and hid den springs that I 1ha(d Ilitherto een iee - norant oft lut Ileside these lnot a scrap of mnunutsipt, nothing to tell of any former h1istor0 of the hiouse or of in Iihibitnts. One day, hosever, shen I had about conclnded my efforts iould be in slin, Amt'ilitt wis15 helping mn to arrange sonie books and luagazint's in the big , ompty wall-ense ini tIle library. Suddenly the little maid let fall a heavy volume. Tile 10oo0k 1111d slipped from ti pile wi-hich she svas attempting to lay ou the shelf, and striking Ileavily against tile iiack of the case, opened a secret door therein concelllcd, and dropped sit' a sort of broken full ino tile niheb behind. It is needless to say I lost no time ini searching Inn-id the dust and cobvebs of the little closet, where I found tsvo sm11ll oil liictules and a little plaster Ibust. With eager hlamnds I brush ed t11e dust front tile Ilictures. and, tak ing tlhelmi to the light. tould o01e to be the portrait of a delicate, sveet-faced boy 'itll timid blue eyes and fair hair. Across tile back ot the caiivtts was written: "'Tean, ged 10 years." The other picture was of alad seem ingly 15 or 1ii years of age, a handsomue idlack-hlired, black- eyed boy iwhose experssion I did (lot like. The pllstel'r cast was the head ot a grin ning Faun, so stained and dust-covered as to be scacmely recognisable. Beside tile dust and grime, the Flun was fur ther disfigured by a crack lit poorly hatched, running entirely irolind the head, cleaving the right cheek, and slanting dovnsvard througih tile mouth, and dashed squarely across the face, so that it spattered both eyes, was a hideous black ink spot. Here at hist wvas a clue to the mys tery, but whllt it wsould lead to I could not even conjecture. Was it the shim mering black spot that I had- sceiiso often nos shich darted across the Faunas face as it set ill on the high library mantel between the two por traits? Perhaps it was only- a passing shadow. for someone had crossed the threshold. "'Fo Cawd, miSS, I honey, wharhouts you git dem tlhing$s?" said Aunt 'Cila, as she entered. "Better -put 'em back whisr dey comne f'm, Ioney, better put 'em back." By this time thie old woman had reached the tiroplace. and stood looking ulp at the lpictures. *'Po' li'll Massa. Tean," she said ca ressingly. "po' li'll lamb." *Who is the other boy, Aunt 'Cila?" I asked. "Da's Macsit Pierre. missy, ol' mar ster's odder,graneson," the old woman answered hesitatingly. "lean's brother?" I asked. "No, 11o. missy." site said quickly; "It' s li'll Tean's cousin." 'T"ell me about them." 'Dore ain't muct to tell, missy," she said slowly. "I wish dere was to'. Dore ain't nothin' 'ttll but jess dat de il boys tister live Itere wid o1' marstet, an' den when o1' mtarster died, he lef' everlt ing to Pierre an' p0' li'll Jean 1othi'."t "How long ago has tltat been?" I astked. 'bongo ago," the old wotnan nuswer ed; "when de boys was lill fellets,esoon -tI-ter dose pictures was lpainted." "And whet has become of the boys, Aunlt 'Cilla?!" "Dc Iawd only knows. honey," she said e trnestly. "I wish I did. Massn Pierre, Iet welt abroad, an' I'spect he's litin' d(re yet. It's 1him you rent de house from. le's got mo' houses here, too, w hat t do ,ane i gent looks arter. But po' little Massa Jeann, I wish I kuowed where he is. po' lamb. I been tCr-in' all dese rears to 1in' out. Bf..I kttowed --.''The old woman paused abruptly. "If you tknow, Attnt 'Cilla," I sug gested. "whalt then?" "Nothin', honey, nothtin'," remon strated the old womtnui iturriedly, at she left off caressitng little Jean's pie ture and left the roomtt. As the summer advanceti it seemd to. tie that tite tlasiting of the lilhct spot in the library increased. Further it began to follow mte ll over the Itouse I could.not get away trotm seeing it bh day or from dreatming of it Ity night atid it dashed back :tnd forth from Pierre's bold, dark face to little .Tenn't ptle one. :nd thtence to the grnninn Fanun, till 1 felt at last as if it wounl tttt me wild if I could not solve itl mystery. Positively the thing tlauntet 1110. One day in Into summtloet w-itlt tit little Amelia for comtipau.y I wvas wttlk ing along througit a. ntarrow strel above Canal,. ''p town," --s we han come. to call it, follovntg the fashion 0i our neighbors. It w's Itot ttnd sultry witil Itot 1 bre'tl of sir to stir. flu dristy leaves that.hung litnp tlt tilt langlorous trees. Suddenly, on the lio ]lpvement before me, danced ithe blnd spot; thleltn wavl-ng ind skltiluiung 1 rose and flasited Itefore my eyes, blind intrg 1. I staggeted and twold hlatn fttlleo; but-the little itttid caught tme. A tnoonent Intet CI w 1s on the cool in side of tile little shop before which wi had been 1lassint, n a attiit kidlti-fttetd blue -eyed, wthite-itaired old imtan Wiat iiending over me, feeling my iluise. "You became fttitt, is it: not so, ttade inoiselle?" ite asked gently. "Yes;.it is the Ileat; I think," I said. "Alt. yes. tile heat. no doubt," hie sait w-ith a. smile, "alnd thle malanria." He gave tle something to drintk something titat inws very cool and verJ ncid. hnd by ltnd tiy hIe called a catb am hatnded me into it as tenderly as if : hlatl been a cldid. I glanced back tt Itim as he stottd in tite little oltice door and read on 1:he wtindow beside tie sigt painted in gilt letters, 'Docto. lTean." Whten I got home I wvas still vor' oeak. so Amllill brought some pillow: and propped me up on tihe loathil couch in the library, because it wit cooler there. Lte int thle .ftrnoon whten the sun 1crept around tllat lvtt) for a farewell touch, the little m1a)i closed, the blinds, drew .back the reC tapestry clurtainsansd fannietd me ft sleep. I must have dozed for some time, to suddenly I awoke with a sense of hea viness and oppression. The black spo dashed before nyl' eyes, then shim ttered and dancd across the toom til it rested, like a scar,. blood red, acrosa the face of the Faun, which in anothe: tolmnt fell to the door, with te leot crash. I remember to have screatmed ant covertled my face wvitit my hands, uni then I must have been unconscious to: a long time. When I came to mltyself I was in min own rootl. tind the white- haired olh mati from the little uptown ot0ic0 ii") bending over me. My aunt was there too, smiling joyously to see me Conlinl 'round again, and Arunt 'Cilla was trnr ing the pillows, w-lile the little malt fulnned. "You are much better, mttrdemoiselle is it not so?" ask-ed the old man in itt soft French. "IaI-ve I been very ill?" I asked. "Yes, perhaps, tmtademoiselle." "Lottg?" "Three weeks." "And 1h10-black spot--do you knov about it?" I asked "You told me while you were ill," tht old itan answvered. "But it is gone 00o1." "Toll me about it," I said. "It is a long story, hnd mademoiselln is wveak," he said, gently. "A stor? about tw-o boys, Pierre and .Tean,w-host portraits you found in the little closet andt about a will that was hidden it tile Faun's head. and wvtichlt was no: found till tltst day wvllen you wnet ttaken ill." "I teinember." I interrulpted hlimn "The Faun's face wats cleft -with blood- red sear." TIhe old man smiled. "The Faun'? head Itad been loroke-n," he said. "amt mended again wvitlt Ivax. Tite Iteat 0: tile sun on tClut hot1 fternoon nmeltef tile wax trttd ilarted the old cleft. Thert are red curta.ins to the litbItrty Wiin dow-s, mtdeimoiselle: doubtless, that ac counts for thle blood- red sear as tht cast fell itt two betore -our excitet gibe." -"But the Itblck spot?' I persisted. 'Cd 'a' told you 'bout it befo, Missy 1o100y0-" said Allnt 'Cilla. '-of - Mossi Pierre Itadn't 'g' hoodooed me. I k1now ed 'bout it. 'ca se I vas here 'fio' ii started, a1n' I Iteard folks what lit here tlik 'bout it eber sence. Bul Massa Pierre hIe hoodooed ttt, an' l'b sk-eored to tell." 'I tiunno ion' cotime," lite old wvoman went ott, "but Massa. Pierre was o0 itmstor's favorite. Look lack Mass:1 Jeanl was too gentle ttt' good ftr .Ito plettse him," and Aunt 'Cilla turned hier eoyes hIumblly to the old white hair-d ilan beside me in a way that set Ime titlkingng. "So ol' marster ttek a. will an' let' dvertytlintg to Massit Pierre. lassa Pierre hIe was tlltus bol' an' reckless, an' one day, lletn I w-ent dote in de litt-'ry- to telk o1 luarster a cup o' coffee, Macsit Pierre vas dere talk-in' to him, an' txin' hini fur money. An' somle hlo' 'nuthtr o0' mtrster woulrln't let hitnt ltab it, an' den Pierre got mad an' jerk u11 de Itig iuk bottle an' dash it at mocstet's head. It hit himit side do ltead, den glance u11' strike 'g'inst dat witatt you crll t Faun, itt' splash in de face 1n' blt-orak it open. Dots ol' inarster rin up in Itis wratl anr lie tell Mttssa Pierre dat 1it g'wino disinherit himt, an' fur him to leave de hlotse. 'Tvarn't long nrter dat 'to' o1' starstet died, an' de rely day of de futelont, dess as dey's taktrin' tile corpse out, Matssa Pierre culn wltlkin'- out or de libr'ry, an' him been gone since the day marster or dered him off.- He 1ad a paper in his hltr' anll' look like he didn't want the folks to see him, 'ease hetpulled ote in do libr'ry an' shut de do' an'. he rub a hoodoo bag on my face and gin me the paper an' tol' me ef I didn't 'stroy it my flesh would rot an' my bones would crumble. Den he rub me wid de hoodoo bag lagahin, ani' when I come to myself he's gone an' de folkses was all gone to de funeral. "t'Sodat's when I crnm de paper in de Fun's head an' got some wax an' stick it togcdder an' put it away in de li'll cldset to keep Massa Pierre f'm findin' it out. Presen'ly de lawyers come an' foun' de will where ol' marster left Everything to Pierre, an' so he took it all an' went away, an' !i'll Jeau hle was to have nothin', an' the lawyers sent him off to his ma's kinsfolk, an' ol' Manumy 'Cilia what loved him so, she never heard no mo' f'mn him, po' lamb." And again the old woman lookedl at the little man. "And the paper in the Faun's head?" I asked. "Was the second will," explained the old man, "leaving everything to Jean." "And are you Jean?" I asked. "And I am Jean," he answered gent ly: "hbut you must go to sleep now, madcmoiselle."-"Philadelphii Times," 