SHORT STORY FOR OUR BOYS. AN EXPERIENCE. ; ; • Tried to Catch ;• a. Squirrel, but. Caught ■ SoiiETHiKG' Else. . . In New England "country 'towfas it! was long the custom to "have the townhouse at the centre' of the town, without , much regard' to the centre ofpopula'tiom ' The sehoolhouse, too, in rural school districts was ,,Ideated . as near .the middle of' the,' district'1 as .possible, even when three- fourths of thd.pebplerresided on one side or the other. ' i I '-It was deemed more jhst that'50 , pupils , should wa]krthreWotirtbs;.pf.a\'Mle>. than'that six should walk a 'mile; arid a quarter, an the1 rural' 'district where I. went to ' schooi' 30 years ago.. The" sehoolhouse stood; for years; "on a cross-road. ii'i the midst of' a piece of woods, and no one lived within half" a mile of it, ' but it was exactly at the geographical centre of the district; -A;.',' ,■ A . V But in time, the town discontinued the cross road on which; the schoollipuse stood,"'and after a hot debate'in schbpl .meetihgdt was agreed .to'move the house to'thie, comers where .the cross-road joined the pain road. The com tract for iririying'it was" let to a fa'rmer.named Solomon Carter, thestipulation being . that, he • should have.the building on its hew site'before : the winter term of, school began in November. The sehoolhouse itself was a one-storey wooden building, not painted "i'^dj" nor any other 'color, within my remembrance. ' The method of moving 'such s tru'otures; wasi to pry up the sills, one side at' a time, place Jong timbers called "shoes"'.beneath'them", and then get together enough oxeri'to draw the building ' to its new site. ' .This was what Scilonioh Carter intended'to do, but. the. farmers' ox teams, were in useattheharyesBrindauturim work,' and the moving of the schoolhouso ' was put off until, late in October. A v - ■A", ' • •" Then Carter bestirfed himself, and having put the "shoes" under'the building, invited his neighbors to "the 'hauling." Eighteen yoke of oxen were mustered, and "also all the boys in the vicinity.Solomon Carter took up his position as "master "teamster" in, .the v sehoolhouse door, behind the long team. A - : " Every ox to his. bow!" he shouted. Then the team straitened; the sehoolhouse creaked^ and began the one journey of its life.' - : , Air went well; to the tune of a mighty shouting, until the sehoolhouse' was within- a few hundred feet of-its new site; when one of the " shoes " struck a stone. Themairidraught chain parted with a loud sriapj arid: a-lever, flying back-, broke Solomon Carter's leg. This put an-end'to farther progress on the part of the schoolhouso that night arid-for the winter, for .a snowstorm came next day, fol lowed by icy weather.- : Solomon Carter was not in a condition to complete the job, being- at home on his brick with a 12-lb. 'weight tied to his foot playing over a pulley at the foot'of the bed. i The time came'for school to begin.- "And now what's to be done?' said the townspeople. ■ Our sehoolhouse stood on ''shoes,"'with a decided list to windward.- .The district school agent rose to: the emergency ;. he.; contrived temporary steps at the door, readjusted : the Stove-pipe for a "fire, and: bade; .the: school master go ahead and keep the school.' h'.nN^.-:' i Hannibal Frank, who was the master, that winter, was one .of the sort that- went ahead without urging. ?. He v/aspf .the class of .old time teachers'who ruled with a rod of iron—or rather, with birch rods and- a heavy ferrule. He was really a cruel man, I feel sure even now, and not merely one who deemed stern ness and the'enforcement of •• discipline 'by fre quent and -severe punishment the mark of a "teacher's authority. _ . >. . What became of him afterward"I do not know.' Some of his pupils have drawn'a fanci ful picture of him condemned to-the' torment ' of a disordered mind^-which madehim imagine himself wailing arid writhing under, the hands of boys whom he had thrashed during his reign as a pedagogue. ! Birching and ferruling, which: in those days •Were deemed needful to hold' boys in check, .were by no means Schoolmaster Frank's only methods of punishment;" Holding a Fourth Header at arm's length was a species of gym- j nasties to which lie often condemned the erring pupil; also "sitting on nothingand he de vised wooden props for introduction into the mouths of those. whose lips buzzed when studying. _ A boy with a two-inch prop between his, jaws is not likely to move his lips. After a second offence the buzzer was obliged to stand in the floor, facing the school, with the prop in his mouth., One day seven "proppers" confronted the school at once—a spectacle not soon for gotten ! -*= ■ ' . No doubt Master Frank was an excellent teacher of mathematics, ;and''especially of mental arithmetic. "Despite his tyrannies, too, his maniier 'in the schoolroom' was usually cheery, even to jollity.' He was an iinpressive reader—it' was really worth while to hear him. "Ae prided 'himself on this accomplishment,' and usually read 'several paragraphs to the school each day. ; ; " Sometimes he read' aii entire selection from Town's Fourth Header, which was then our most advanced reading book. .. ' .: .He Avab' accustomed to stand just in front of his table when lie read to the school, and as he was u tall man lie presented ah imposing ap pearance. !. Like all effective,,readers, . he ' en feted fully'in to tho.spirit of. his author, an d indeed, appeared, to bequite transported by it. For tliis reason, too, we youngers had learned that if there was any. sale time for a prank it "was while the master was reading to the school. . , , ., ■: My' seat-mate, Benjamin .Hapgobd, and I sat at a long desk near one side of the.school foom.in the.rear Of, tile stove, to the left.of the master's table. It was not a^goqd seat that winter. When the schoolhouse Was. put : on "shoes", a hole, had been cut through the hoards' and shinnies there oil a level with the floor, sojthat the "shoe" 'could he chained, to the siU.' '.This'h'ole bad not' been .stopped, the chain in fact ,was still there. ; . The ;eold Avin'd came;in against' our feet, for the hole was directly beneath, the'end of the bench on which we sat, Avith our backs to the wall .of; the ;schqolliQuse. And .the wind.was not the only thing that came in, for one day a red squirrel, from the woods entered and nib bled the luncheon which we brought to , school and kept in baskets under the bench. :• Tiffs squirrel would steal in while we. were attentively studying or out. on the .recitation seats.' Sometimes we could ..hear it tearing puper in the baskets. . At a knock of our heels it would , dart out at i the hole, often ..with a sharp chicker, which at times led the master to look .severely; in, our direction, as if .he sus pected us.'of baying, a squirrel under the bench. We stood in far . too- great, awe of liim to ex plain the. matter. .... • , ,, The,weather had noiv.become very cold, and the -squirrel came about only on sunny after noons. Ben and I brought,a box trap,. . but the>master espied it and'made so ominous a remark about;"coming to school to learn trap ping" thatwedeemed.it safer to carry, the trap homo that night. D , Ben , believed he could catch the squirrel with a,fishhook and a kernel, of corn, and next day he brought his little trout-hook and line in his pocket. It was a cruel thing to even attempt—and we ought to have seen that it was cruel—but we were thoughtless,, and that .feature.'of'-the act'did not then occur to.us; There was such a noise always5 at noon and atrecess-timethat' the'squirrel did not come from the woods at such moments'; but shortly after school had begun in the afternoon, while the long Fourth Reader class—Ben and I were not in it—was slowly'reading around twice, we heard sounds of nibbling under our bench ; the 'squirrel had come in and was 'examining' the baskets. .; ' We listened and glanced_at each other. By leaning my head back against the wall behind me and casting an eye down through the crack 'behind the ' bench' on which we sat, Icould catch glimpses of the squirrel dodging in and out. .;' ' : He's' thereI whispered under my breath behind my book. ' , ' ' ' ■ ■ ' Beh'shot a look at'the master, and then cautiously drew forth the hook and line. With eyes on1 his Third Reader; which was propped up before him on the desk, he unwound the line dhd- stuck the' point of the hook into a kernel of yelloAV corn, and then let it down beneath the bench.- Our plan was to book the squirrel and let him run out at the hole with the line, so that at recess we could capture him outside.' Ben'could not see the hook and kernel of corn,' but I '"could-see it by glancing doAvn-.the crack: behind our seat.' So; leaning back, -I: watched' it covertly, while Ben sat ready to pull the line. ' ' - Meantime 'the fourth class had read around twice, and the master, stepping out in front of his ' table, ' announced ' that he - would read a piece to the class. ■ The .selection that day was "TheRoman Soldier," by Athefstone—a scene froth' the'destruction of rHerculaneum. by the eruption of Vesuvius, beginning :— There was a man, A Roman soldier, for some daring deed That trespassed oh tlie laws, in dungeon low Chained downi 'r1 • ' The master's powerful and impressive ac-1 cents filled the room, and the school was very quiet, listening, except Ben and I, whose attention was on the squirrel. = "-Hold still 1" I whispered 'behind my book. "He's there! I can see him! Be ready, Ben!" Ben sat motionless, waiting, hut he was as much excited as'I was. "He sees it!"; I whispered. ■ " He's got it— pull! pv.ll_—1 - - ; And Ben did pull!—yanked as a hoy some times will when a trout bites—ten times as hard as there is any need. He twitched, the red squirrel up over the desk. The hook had fortunately not caught in his mouth. He had simply taken the corn and held it with the hook when Ben "yanked."' The little fellow went end over end through the air, and plump against the master's book and upraised arm ! ; Beyond doubt Mr. Frank's first.thought was that some impudent ,boy had . thrown/.that squirrel at his head 1 At. him, the absolute master and autocrat, while reading to the school-! He stopped short, astounded! Then, seeing Ben hastily gathering in the line, he laid down the Reader on the table, took tivo strides to our desk, and seizing us each; by the collar, slatted us but over the top of it. . , We, were hut playthings in his powerful grip. He tAvirled. us around, trounced us to gether, shook us, snapped our heels around the stovelegs a few times, and then filing us doAvn\ in a dishevelled heap, Ben on top of me, before the table. b;,..e..v • - "Lie there!" said he ; and Ave did. ., : : With a terrible glance around (jlie room—-tlie glance of a lion that has just slam a couple of small goats—the master then resumed . his interrupted reading, and continued grandly to the" very last lines, describing Iioav . The huge pile sunk down at 'once . . ' / Into the opening earth. .Walls, arches, roof, - And deep foundation-stones, all mingling, fell. • , Then as the class took their seats he -closed the " Reader," picked- tip his biggest; most Avithy birch- stick, felt it in his. fingers; &nd; turned: to' us. < We:had ho doubt that- lie Avas going to flay us alive. . ; But at that 'inoment'Myra Carter,1 one of the-large girls, came from her seat with'her "Brpvyhe's Grammar" in herband',"ostensibly to ask-a question. ' When the' master turned to.ansAver-'hef she'ettid,'- "-They' did not -mean to throw it,'Mr.' Frank" They Avere trying to catch, the squirrel because it comes in and eats their dinner." ■ The'-'masfer/ did not -reply;-but Ave -saw- his eye 'change ' a 'little and the ghost of a smile play about his mouth. ' '"Getup !" said lie. / .' \- First''Ben; then I,'assumed an upright atti tude."-' ; -. ... ' "Go pufr your bacteto the outsidodoor and sit on nothing for half an hour," he said. ■/ " Reader; did 'you ever sit on nothing for even one Minute?- If not; try it. You put your back agairist.the wall,-'then bend the'knees till the body! assumes the sitting positionand then remain so—ifyoucan. . •" ": Ben and I'-had seen it done time and again that Avinter;~and proeeeded"f6"d6 it ourselves as ordered.' 'At: the end' of ahout thr.be minutes Ben's kneeS began to shake t mino weie shaking too.,; . We. pressed our backs hardef, against .tlie door, but; before long Ben slid doAvn in a heap. ■ "Up !" cried - tlie master, and ''gave. him three cuts with the birch stick across the legs to' hasten his return to the sedentary posture.' 'Sf Bea'-was scarcely "up" Avhen'doAyh l yveht. I cbuld nor ihaveTemaiued sitting on hothiiig another" minuto. to" save my life.. Three cuts with the sticic; insisted-me " up" again ; but soon it AA'as really-a relieflto tumble do>vn;and f take the outs. Our knees AA'ere shaking again; rdhd Aye ;tbolc;'turiis sliding down.;; -It Avas three cuts apiece after that every tithe w.e slid down till all those long thirty mihutbs ' had dragged by. Our knees.felt7."'sprung'',fpr.mpre.than a dWy, aftenvard.; i ; "' Served rightly, AA'ere we, for bur cruelty'to that poor squirrel.? Well, perhaps Ave deserved punishment. . The squirrel, 'as, I • had" almost .forgotten to say, had been ' " lying Ioav" all the while behind a row, of. dinner-baskets on the other side of the room ;■ but shortly-before tlie 'afternoon recess it suddenly scurried-"across •the floor aiid-Tan^ out; at the hole. —YoutlCs\ Companion; 