THE ANTI-SEMITIC MOVEMENT IN VIENNA. ' J. H. Lorndan' in the S. M. Herald wrfteg ' — The Anti-Semite in Vienna is in the full flush of victory. His long-contested triumph is at last consummated. He has not only a majority of the Vienna City Council, but even against the most powerful of oppositions he has at last had appointed __ T» ? ? TUa one oi us own ob .Durguiuaovu. and its resources are at his mercy ; he expels from their places whatever Jews are still ?left in municipal employ ; he uses the power 'of subventions, the lever of politics, to cur tail Jewish influence. In bis assemblies, picnics, banquets, he disports his hatred in extragavaacies of utter unrestraint. He has Lueger medals, Lueger books, Lueger articles of every sort to lift the conquering doctrine into popular glory. It is the very height of Anti-Semitic fever ; and just m thin virulence of the disease, calm men think they see a promise of its speedy passing. The Anti-Semite has had the dubious fortune of enlisting on his ^ great deal of the stupidly coarse and brutal element, the ragtag and bobtail of beer garden and labourers' meeting. He has given the blusterer (Krakehler) a new oath to curse, another dog to kick, and the harvest of brutality and rude, unprovoked insult has been beyond calculation. One instance of the imbecility of the movement is afforded by an Anti-Semitic paper which refused to allow its critic to report concerts at which Rubinstein's and Mendelssohnian compositions were performed. In the case of the latter composition, the piece boycotted was ' St. Paul.' The of the clock Of time have been sent back six centuries by the intelligent voters ot Vienna. As in the .thirteenth -century the cry was ' Here Guelph, here Ghibelline !' so now, ' Here Semite, here Anti-Semite !' resounds in the capital ofthe Dual Monarchy. Like Banquos ghost is the Anti-Semitism, it will not down, iint that it should be revived in this age is in deed strange. For this is a time of demo cracy, of universal tolerance, when an im mense movement is manifesting itself every- where towards equality fraternity, and justice, We are to destroy frontiers, to dream of the community of nations, to con vene progress of religion so that priests of every creed may embrace each other, to' re gard- ourselves as brothers through sorrow,^ to save ourselves all from the misery of life by erecting a sole altar to human pity. let there are a handful of fools, or of able men, who cry to us every moaning, ' Let us kill the Jews; let us eat the Jews; let us massacre, exterminate, and 'go back to the stake and the dragonnade.' This is the moment they choose ! Nothing could be more stupid, if it were not abominable. The Anti-Semites, by their negation of the principles of human brotherhood and the doctrine of peace and goodwill, have alrtady reached perilously near what Karl Emil Franzos calls ' Halb-Asien ' — the barrier which divides the civilisation of to day from the barbarism of more remote ages arhal; raoenn ic aJlamai? oe Aha efficient cause of this reversal in the liberal spirit of our times ? The tremendous power, forsooth, of the 4 per cent. Jews, whose influence is so great that they could not even dream of an appointment as Bezirkshauptmann, the lowest step in the hierarchical ladder of the administration. The ascendancy of material interests, the greed for money, the frantic race for wealth — all of which most deplorable characteristics some people le cognise as the social results of our modem industrial and democratic society — are all attributed in Vienna to the Semite. Le Juif, voila Vennemi. It is the old story — the tyranni cal lamb is driving the poor persecuted wolf into despair. Surely the son of Jacob, looking about him and noting the vast com plexity of social phenomena ascribed to him as' the efficient cause, may well say with Æsop's fly, ' What a dust do I rise 1' ' The persistency,' says no less a one than Bismark, ' with which the Jews are de nounced as the most dangerous enemies of the Empire, while the real forces of social disintegration are unnoticed, sounds like the story of tht travellers who, while they were killing mosquitoes, were surrounded by ravening wild beasts.' It is not to be supposed that in the heart and mind of the great Austro-Hungarian Empire there is not a considerable element of strong common sense, which penetrates into the motives and discerns the startling and dangerous character of the Anti Semitic conspiracy. The real cause for the tremendous growth of the movement in Austria is the desire of the clerical party and its allies, the feudal aristocracy, to maintain their prominent position. To effect this purpose they entered into alliance against their hereditary op ponents the Liberals, with Anti-Semites and socialists, and this combination has obtained the upper hand in the municipal council, and has brought the repeal of Jewish eman cipation almost within the bounds of practical politics. Anti-Semitism is thus the counter part of Anti-Clericalism. It is, to use Pro fessor Virchow's expressive phrase, another ' Kulturkampf.' Sprouting from this germ the tree of Anti-Semitism has spread and flourished until its baneful shadow has darkened Western Europe, the German Ultramontane war cry, ' Make front against the new Jerusalem,' being echoed widely in Protestant Germany, in Catholic France and Austria, and in orthodox Russia, until Catholic or Sectarian Slav, Latin, Teuton, Czech, and Maygar would seem to have united in this singular movement. This is the present position of affairs under the domination of the clericals. But the socialists (whose movement was originally directed against their present allies), who were revo lutionaries before they were Judeophodes, have entered upon this alliance in the hope of strengthening themselves for the coming ultra-democratic war on Society. In tho view, then, of every clear- headed student of contemporary events, Anti-Semitism must ultimately become a specialised form of that new Jacquerie which finds its final expres sion in tho bomb and dagger of tho anar chist. The capture of the municipal council may thus be only a prelude to the ruin of Vienna. It is refreshing to turn from re actionary Austria, whore justice is measured out by race and class feelings, to tho liberty blessed Empire in which we live. Vienna chooses Lueger, and the City of London elects Mr. George Faudel- Phillips to the highest civic dignity. Foremost among the nations of Europe in many things, England is also foremost in upholding liberty of con science. Such an episode as this that has disgraced Vienna would be an impossibility among the British People. 