THIS STORYTELLER u The Vintage.' A Story of the Greek War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of ' Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER XIV. The next two days Mitsos spent in learning the working of the fireship, the details of which will appear later. Every morning before daybreak Nicholas used to leave the village and lie hidden in the pinewoods on the hills above, returning j with Mitsos at nightfall. But on the second even ing, as they got near the house, they saw a Turk ish soldier standing in the road, himself on horse back, and holding two other horses. Nicholas stepped quickly out of the moonlight into the ? i ? l ? j i.~ ? 4.^ j- i.v' ? ? ? oiiauuw emu ucunuutu iu u-inrue tu uu luc oauic. ' This means trouble,' he eaid. ' I knew it, I knew it. Go you in, Mitsos, and I will wait in the alder clump by the mill, going out of the vil lage, for there will be news for you to bring me.' And he stole a^ng in the shadow of the wall until he was out of sight. Mitsos waited till he was gone, and then walked forward, whistling the while. At the gate the soldier stopped him. ' There is no passing,' he said, Mitsos stared. Ugh, cross-legged one,' he said rudely and cheerfully ; ' but why should I not see my uncle ? ' ' There is no passing,' eaid the Turk, and with that he drew out his pistol. Mitsos hesitated a moment. He was quite wil ling to rush in and take his chance of the bullet going wide, for he held the Turks in light esteem as marksmen since the adventure with Yanni, but he doubted the wisdom of the scheme, for there were, as the horses showed, at least two more in side. ' So he turned on his heel and saidc ' I shall, go back home then. Shall £-find more * little men there, saying I may not 6ee my father £ * Gohome.ioo, my little man, if you are wise, and .? ea t sweets' with the women of your master's harem arid wash your face.' The man answered nothing, for lie knew well that to' fire a shot in a village of the Mavro michales was . to put his own head into a nest of hornets that stung sore. They had entered the village very quietly after dark, so as not to pro voke any attention, and had been fortunate enough to eet to Petrobey's house without being noticed. Mitsos went along quietly enough till he was out of sight, and then ran as he had never run before to the alder clump where he would find Nicholas. ' Quick ! quick ! ' he whispered. ' Tell me what to dc. There are Turkish soldiers at Petro bsy's, and they will not let me in. Oh ! uncle, this bodes no good for Yanni. What shall I do ? ' * ' Ah, it is even so,' said Nicholas. Sit you, Mitsos, and let me think.' From force of habit he filled his pipe, but. held it in his mouth unlit, and for five minutes or so they sat quite silent. At last Nicholas spoke. 'I make no doubt what has happened,'-' he said, ' and it is all bad. These men have come to Petrobey from Mehemet Salik, and it means his arrest. They have him in the hollow of their hand, for if he goes not, there is Yanni in Tripoli, and go he must. What is bfefore us is this. Yanni must be got out of Tripoli at once, and Petrobey must escape on his way there. How shall we do it ? Oh, little Mitsos, think as you thought be fore, and ask the Blessed Saints to speak to you and rae.' Nicholas crushed his bands to his temples. ' And that is not all,' he added. ' The clan must be warned at once what has happened, aud it is useless for them to attempt the rescue of Petros before Yauni is out of Tripoli, for i-o his life will be forfeit. And I, too, I must— ah, I shall give myself up to Ihos? .Tmks.' ' But why, Uncle Nicholas ? ' asked Mitsos, fairly puzzled. ' Because it is easier for two men to escape than one, and also because, if they get away from the village with me and Petrobey, without alarm given to the clan, they will make Jess bnste to Tripoli, tor they will not fear that I should get to Yanni first. Oh, Mitsos, this is a good thought of mine. But the clan must keep very quiet, and let the little men think tliey do not know what is happening.' ' Then J am off ? ' asked Mitsos. ' At once — where is your horse ? ' ' At Petrobey's.' ' Then go round to the house of some cousin ; go to Dimitri and get a horse, and off with you. There is no time to lose. Stay, you do not know where you are to go Irom Tripoli. You must escape by night, and go straight over the hills into the upper Arcadian plain, where stands Me galopolis. Strike south wards before you get there, over onto Taygetus, and find your way to the hill . above Lada, where you watched for the beacon ? from Bassac. It will be-no easy journey, for the . whole countryside will be alive with Turks who are looking for you, but God has given you prudence j and courage, and they will first hunt for you southwards towards Maiua. I shall go round the v village and see that the whole clan knows what 1 has happened, and where they will join us on Tegaytus, then I shall give myself up. And now, little Mitsos, God speed, remember that, we love you, and be very careful and very quick. ' 'Yanni's life depends on you.' So Mitsos stole off into the darkness, to go to Dimitri's house, and Nicholas went back to the village to warn the clan, and in an hour's time messengers had started to the villages round, say ing what had happened, and giving the clan to know where they were to go, when the few pre parations which remained with regard to the stor ing of the powder were completed, and also defi nitely saying that the outbreak would begin, as soon as possible, by the siege of Kalamata. Then Nicholas went to Petrobey's house, and found tl e soldier still in the road opposite with the horses. ' There is no passing,' he said. ' You do not know who you are speaking to,' said Nicholas haughtily. ' I am Nicholas Vida les, of whom you may have heard.' The answer waa what he had anticipated, aud he found himself covered by the soldier's pistol, while he shouted to them inside. 'Here is Nicholas Vidales,' he said, ' move, and I shoot.' Nicholas stood quite still, for he had no wish either to move or to be shot. ' I suppose you have authority for this,' he said, ' or there will be a. settling between us.' ' The authority of Mehemet Salik,' said the second, ' the Governor of Tripoli, ' to arrest you and Petros Mavromichales, and bring you to Tripoli.' They had been speaking in Turkish, and Ni cholas with intention asked the next question in Greek. ' For what am I arrested P ' ' I do not know Greek,' said the soldier. ' God be praised for that,' thought Nicholas, and he repeated his question in Turkish. ' For seditious designs against the sovereign power of the Sultan and his deputy in Tripoli, Mehemet Salik.' Nicholas laughed. ' That sounds perious. Shall I go inside, gentlemen ? I am your prisoner, and I deliver up my arms.' And he banded the soldier his pistol and knife, and stepped in. 'I should advise you,' he added, ' to come in too, for if some of these hot-headed clan see a j Turk standing there, he will not stand there long. Come in, friend, for though I am maliciously accused, that is no fault of yours, and I would not see your blood nor the blood of my clan shed.' The soldier followed his advice, and lei the horses inside barring the gate behind him. Petrobey had heard Nicholas's voice, and a great sense of relief came over him. He had been sitting there quite silent guarded by two soldiers, in a dumb dry agony of fear, not for himself but for Yanni. That he could escape somehow or other on the way to Tripoli be did not doubt, but his escape meant death to Yanni, as the letter frjm Mehemet said ; and if once at Tripoli the moment the war of independence began, death to both of them. His only consolation was that Ni cholas, at least, was safe. He would have been back an hour before, unless in some way the alarm had been given him, and his appearance now, coming in peacefully and calmly, must mean that he knew what had happened, and had some wise thought within him. Mitsos — and at the thought of Mitsos he looked up suddenly at Nicholas, in the sudden hope that Mitsos had started for Tri poli — and as he caught Nicholas's eye the latter nodded and smiled, and Petrobey felt certain that Nicholas had answered the question Le had silently asked him. Nicholas sat down cheerfully and continued to speak in Turkish. ? i1 ? ; ; ; ,r ' This is some strange mistake,' he 'aid, 'but i I shall not bv^oriy to pay my re pec^s to hi* Ex- Jr cellency in Tripoli, a duty whioh I have hitherto ^ neerlected.' J. One of the soldier.* smiled. r '-And his Ex'^eKenoy will not Le worry to see §? you. He sent for von, if you remember, last f; year, and your cousin wrote him a letter *ay- | ing that his bastard kinsman should be sought | for and sent when found.' ' \ This was a little discoucerfiig, but Nicholas ? waved his hand lightly. ' A private quarrel merely between my. -elf and my cousin,' he said, ' which has long ago been ^ mado up. Eh, cousin ? ' Petrobey nodded assent. ' We set off to-morrow, Nicholas,' he said, ' and that very early in the morniug. To-night we have guests with us, and it is time for supper. j- Please seat yourselves, gentlemen. Poor fare, I '? am afraid, but we did not linow that we should be honoured by your presence to-night.' Petrobey clapped his hauds, and the servant ' brought the supper. He was a big, strong lad of Yanni's age, the sou of a small farm-holding ten- | ant on Petrobey's land, and who bad been left an ^ orphan while still quite a young boy. Petrobey \\- had brought him up in his own house, as half ser- t i vant and half companion to Yanni, exacting little | service, but receiving complete devotion. | ' Put on supper,' he said in Greek, ' and J; keep your ears well open.' ((4 The boy brought in the food, and they all sat j down together. The meal had only been pre- , pared for three, but Mitsos was to nave been one ' * 4 of the three, and to the Turks, who were small enters, there seemed to be plenty of food. All three, from living among the Greeks, had re laxed their religious abstinence from wine, where the wine was good, and the meal went on merrily enough, Nicholas, in particular, talking and laughiug with them, and speaking Turkish with wonderful fluency and accuracy. Under prt text of Petrobey' 6 not speaking Turkish at ail easily, it was soon arranged between him and Nicholas that he should speak iu Greek and Nicholas act as interpreter, translating into Turkish the remarks lie made to his guests, and theirs back into Greek, and so it came about that long before the mpal was over Petrobey was fully acquainted with Mit son's departure for Tripoli, and also Nicho las's idea for the next day, nnd t hey discussed at some'Ieagtb, without arousing the least suspic.'oa, their own manner of escape. This, Nicholas suggested, should be made as s -on as possible on the journey, if it could be managed, at the first halt, for Milsos would have had twelve hours' stari-, and should have had time to get Yanui safely out. The advantage of doing this early would be that they would still be tra velling iu tbe country of the chin, who would, if necessary, turn out to cover their retreat, and Nicholas suggested that they should have re course to a very simple expedient which he had tried with success onca before. The lad Constan tine would come with them, lie proposed, ( Continued on page 668.) Then followed a scene which would have made the mouths of the elan to be full of laughter, for the first soldier went bravely on for about six yards, the second for rather less, aud they rolled off light and left, clutching wildly at their horses' manes, the one into the stream, the oth- r into a fine furze bush. — Chapi er XIV. carrying food for the mid-day me&l;, Els it was six lioilrs to the hext village, arid both Nicholas, Petrobey, and the boy would be quite unarmed, and the Turks, secure in the knowledge that Yanni was still in hostage, Would iiofc, he thought, attempt to bind them. That, however, he would ascertain. During their meal, which should be ample and full ot wine, the boy should be instruc ted to tub the girths of the Turks' horses and get away home as fast as might be. Then, after n decent interval, they should think about going od, and Petrobey and. he mounting as quick as ihey could, would ride cheerfully off at full speed across country towards Taygetus. The soldiers, added Nicholas, with admirable gravity, would attempt to do the same, and I wish dear MitsOs \- Whs here to see them.*' All this was conveyed in short sentences, inter polated with Petrobey's supposed replies to the Turks, and Petrobey, who had taken care that Cdnstantine should bo in the room while it was ? going on, Baid to him carelessly, holding out his glass : ' If you completely understand, Constantino, fill my glass and go ; if not, fill Nicholas's.' ConBtahtine took the wine jug in his hand, filled 3?etrobey*6 glass, and left the room. Incidentally, Nicholas, while speaking in Turk ish, had begged the soldiers that they might start very early, for fear there should be trouble among the clan if they saw their chief riding off guarded by Turks. Petrobey's only desire, he explained, whb to get to Tripoli as soou as possible, for as they knew, his son was held hostage there by Me hemeVSalik, and he feared that if there was a dis turbance ambng the Mavromiehales, or if — which God forbid — the clan were so foolish as to fire upon them, Petrobey might be held responsible, and it would go hardly with the son. To ThiB they assented, saying also that, provided their two prisoners would come unarmed, the hostage in Tripoli should he considered security enough, and they should go like gentlemen upon a journey. Though it was not very early next morning when they etartdj the village, following Nicholas's dirctions of the night before, but very conveni ently, so thought the Turks, showed no Bign of life. But a close observer might have noticed stealthy faces at the windows hastily and sud denly withdrawn, for the clan, who would have laid their money on Nicholas and Petrobey if all the Ottoman forceB were out against them, and who had a keen sense of humo ir, regarded the affair as a joke of the most splendid kind, for Nicholas had told them the night before what the method of escape was to be. So the procession, with one soldier in front, Nicholas and Petros in the centre, guarded on the outside by the other two, with CofcBtantine behind driving a pouy laden with food and wine for their mid-day meal, and being, indeed, none other than Mitsos's animal, went unmolested, though watched, by an appreciative audience, out of the village and down the steep hill into ihe plain.' Nicholas relieved the tedium of the \Vay with the most racy and de lightf ul stories, and they, all went on in the utmoBt harmony. Some three hours later they had come to a large and pleaeant- smelling.pine wood, and about half way through this, where another bridle-path joined the one they were in', leading up towards the further hill villages of Taygetus, they came upon a chariniug wayside stream, and here Petro bey proposed they should halt for the mid-day meal. Abundance of juicy grass grew round this spring some thirty yards further down, and tether ing the horses there, so that they could not. stray, for they would be just out of sight of the place where their masters ate, Petrobey told Constantine to get ready the food. However, the sun 6hone rather warm on thiB spofy and at the suggestion of one of the soldiers they moved rather higher lip into the shade of the trees. Constantine waited assiduously on the guests until all had oaten their fill, and then bringing more wine from a cold basin in the stream, where be had put it to regain its coolness, he retired a little distance, off to eat the remains of the dinner. The others drank and smoked and chatted for some quarter of an hour more, till Nicholas, ob serving that the sun had already passed its meri dian, suggested that As they h^d a long day before them, if they were as he trusted to reach Tipoli the :iext night, it would be wise to start. The soldiers assented, but drowsily, for they bad again drunk somewhat freely at their prisoners' ex pense, and they all moved off to where they had left their horses and accoutrements. Nicholas could not suppress a chuckle of amusement when he saw that Constantine had taken the precaution of loo'sening the flint from the hammers of their guns, and then, saying suddenly to Petrobey, ?' Now ! ' the two ran forward, unpicketed their horses, and swinging into the saddle, spurred them through the belt of trees which separated them £rom the pathway towards Taygetus. He heard an exclamation of dismay and surprise from . the soldiers, and 'the feeble click of a loose flint against the steel, and next moment they were off full gallopJ(arid up the steep hill road. Then followed a scene which would have made the mouths of the clan to be full of laughter, for the first soldier vaulted with some agility into the saddle and -started gallantly off in pursuit, closely followed by the second, who had done the same. The first went bravely on for about aix yards, the second for rather less, and they rolled off right and left, clutching wildly 'at 1 their horses' manes, the one into the stream^' the other into a fine furze bush. The third, a bulky man, was rather more fortunate, for being incapable of jumping into the saddle he put his foot nimbly into the stirrup, only to find his horse standing b&side; him barebacked, and with an expression of innocent surprise,: and himself with the curious feeling experienced when we are fain to walk up a step and find there is no step there. The next half hour went wearily and hotly for them. By sacrificing one girth they patched up the other two, and one went $ip the ? pathway towards Taygetus in pursuit, while the other rode on to Tripoli. The two .most agile, as being the lighter weights, took these tasks upon themselves, while the heavier one, who could ' not ride bare hack without pain to his person, walked sorrow fully on, a heavy saddle in one hand, his horse's bridle in the other, a three hours' tramp to the next village, where he hoped to have his short comings repaired. The adventures of the first Who rode after the escaped prisoners were shert. Half an hour's ride brought him to the outskirts of a village which was all humming like a hive of bees, and the humorous Mavromichales, who inhabited it in some number, and who were excellent marksmen, sent a few rifle bullets whistling close around hi-n. One went a little to the right, another slightly to the left, a third sang sweetly over his head, find a fourth raised a little puff of dust at his feet. It occurred to him that they might perhaps be able to aim straighter if they Wished, for there Was a devilish precision about the closeness of their shots that made his heart turn cold, and with one more glance, sufficient, however, to show him Nicholas and Petrobey bowing politely in the midst of their clan, he turned tail, and just gal loped back along the road he had come. * * * *? * From Panitza to Gythium it was reckoned two days of twelve hours or three of eight, but Mitsos, who set off about 10 at night, hopel to be there 'within thirty hours of the time he started, thus arriving well before daybreak on the second morn ing, and at sundown that day looking over the Valley of Sparta from the hills leading up to the pass into the plain of Tripoli, he hoped lo be there well before G nCFxt morning. But for the present as the moon was up he pushed forward along the road, reserving liis halt for the two dark hours after midnight. He had eaten but little that day, and his eyelids felt laden with weights that would drag them down, but knowing that if he slept it was quite impossible that he should awake in s u short a time, he paced up and down by the edge of the field where he had tethered Dimitri's pony, eating a crust of bread, which he washed down ? with some rather soar wine he had got at Gythium. Now and then be would stop for a moment, but he felt physically incapable of keep ing awake except by moving, and he began tramping up and down without pausing. Luckily he had a pouch of tobacco, his pipe, and tinder box, and he smoked continuously, and to make assurance doubly sure he saddled the pony be fore 2 in the morning, and jogged forward again. He had Wrapped his coat close round him, for the night was cold, and he was just beginning to feel again that if he hoped to keep awake he had bet ter get down and trot by the pony's side, when the beast stumbled on a heap of stones, and in trying' to recover itself stumbled again and pitched forward right on to its knees, throwing Mitsos off. Mitsos was unhurt and picked himself up quickly, but the poor brute was cut to the bone, and stood trembling with pain and terror as Mit sos examined it. Tor one moment the boy broke down. 44 Oh, my God ! ' he cried. 44 But what shall I do ? ' But the next moment he Steadied him self and took stock of his position. It was still three hours to daylight, and Tripoli wa6 a good eighteen miles off. - To get there in time with the pony was hopelessly out of the question, and to get there on his own legs seemed hopelessly out of the question, too, for he waB as weary as a young man need ever hope to feel. But if there wis a choice it lay there. Meanwhile what to do with the beast ? To leave it there all cut, bleeding, aud in pain through the night, only to die on those bare hills, was a cruel thing, and Mitsos de cided quickly. He led it very gently off the road among the trees, and, with a strange feeling of tenderness — for it had carried him gallantly, and done all it could — kissed the white star on its down-dropped head! Then drawing his pistol, he put it to its ear-, and, turning his eyes away, fired. The poor beast dropped like a log, and Mitsoo, with a sob in his throat, looked not behind, but went back through the trees, and, throwing away his coat, which only encumbered him. set his teeth, -and went jog-trotting to Tripoli. How those next three hours passed he scarcely knew. He felt so utterly tired and beaten that he was .hardly conscious of himself ; his very weari ness probably lulled his powers of sensation, and all he knew was that as he pushed on with limbB dropping from fatigue, and eyes aching for very weariness, the trees by the roadside seemed to pass of their own movement by him like ghosts. Now and then he tripped over the uneven stony road, and it scarce seemed worth while to make any effort to recover himself, and more than once he felt and knew, but only dimly, that his trous ers were torn on the stones, and his knees were cut and bieeding. He thought of the pony which had fallen and cut itself, and felt vaguely envious of\its-fa£e. LoWer down the pass, where the hills began to melt into the plain, it grew warmer, and as the sweat of heat and exhaustion poured down his face for a moment he inore than half thought that a treeless hollow of the hills was the bay of Naup lia, lying cool and dark beneath the night. Nauplia, the bay, the white wall, it seemed that that time belonged to u boy called Mitsos, but not liimself — a boy who had been happier than the kings of the earth, whereas he was a footsore, . utterly beaten piece of consciousness that would plod along the white riband of road for ever. Then suddenly the sky . lightened and grew grey with dawn, and the hext moment the day had broken, and the sun, lifting itself above the hills to the east, showed him Tripoli, all shining, in the dawn, still two miles off. Mitsos stopped dead. He was to 'i late. During . the day it would be impossible for him to get into the Governor's .house, and during the day, some time before the . blessed night . fell again, the soldiers from Panitza would be there. Petrobey would have escaped, trusting to his getting to , Tripoli first, and Yanni would he . . . Who was Yanni ? Oh, a boy he had travelled with once; they had had a fine time, and he be lieved he had promised to come and get him out of Tripoli. There had been a white frost during the night, and the fields were all white and glistening. He had just enough sense to strike off the road and lie down under the Bhade of a tree sheltered from the sun and untouched by the frost, rolled over on his side and next moment was sleeping deep and dteamlessly like a child tired fc'ith play. There he lay without moving, one arm shielding his face from the light, and when he woke it was past mid-day, and the blessed gift of sleep had restored him body and mind, and the trouble in his brain had run down like the tainted water of a spate leaving it clear and cool, and the strength had come back to his limbs. He sat there some quarter of an hour longer thinking intently. He had no self-reproach to interpose itself between him and his quest ; the accident had been purely out of his own control, j and he had done what would have seemed to him self impossible if he had not done it, aud gone on for three hours after riding for twenty-four, and having had no sleep for thirty-six. Then he took stock of his position, and his position was that the soldiers might be expected any time after 4 that afternoon, and it Would not be dark till 6. There was nothing to do but go on to Tripoli and wait, watching the road from Sparta. If they came before dark he determined to make an attempt to get in, desperate though it might be ; for once they had given their report lo Mehemet Salik it was over with Yanni. So he went on and ate at a Greek khan within the town, and then strolled back lo the square and examined the house again. Once the door opened and he went quickly down a side street for fear the porter who had seen him before might recognise him ; then he took another look at the wall by which be hoped to get across to the house. Under the iufluence of food and sleep his spirits had revive!, and about -2 o'clock he went back again down the street leading into the Sparta road, and sitting down a little distance from it, kept his eyes fixed on the point where it vanished round the first hillside. Three o'clock passed, 4, aud 5, and the thin white clouis in the west be gan to be tinged with rose, and Mitsos' s heart tapped quicker. In another hour it would be daik and time for his attempt. He sat on there till nearly 6, and the darkness began to fall in layers over the sky, and the colours faded out of things. Then giving one long last look up the road, he turned and went into the town again. Whou he arrived at tbe square, the little oil lamps at the corners were already lit, and the figures of men seemed like shadows. He turned down the street where the low wall stood, but found to his annoyance that only a few paces down was a cafe, which had been empty during the day, but was now beginning to fill with guests — for the most part Turkish soldiers — and he was obliged to wait. But these had apparently only come in for a glass of inastic before dinner, and in a quarter of an hour more there were only left there the cafe keeper, who seemed to be dosing over his pipe, and an old countryman Greek in fustiuella iress. Mitsos who had sta tioned himself some hundred yards off, drew a deep breath, and stole noiselessly back in the shadow of the wall. . By standing on a lump of stone whioh lay there, he could get his fingers on the top of the wall, and slipping off his shoes in order to give his feet greater power of using the crevices, he worked himself slowly up, aud in a moment was crouch ing on the top. Then came the easier but the more dangerous task, for as he crept along the roof of the house where Yanni was his figure would be silhouetted against the sky. But the roof was not more than four feet above the top of the wall where he was, and bending over it, he raised himself up and wriggled snakewise along the edge. Yanni's room, in fiont of which Btood the pillar by which he meant to climb down into the balcony, was the second room from the end, and judging- the distance as well as he could, he glided along for about nine feet, and then began to make his way slowly down the roof. He had calculated the distance well, but when he was about half-way down, the tiled roof, which was but lightly built over lathes, and was not con structed to bear the weigh t of giants, sud denly groaned beneath him, and . next moment gave wiy, aid, with a crash fit to wake the dead, he was precipitated with a shoal of tiles right into Yanni's room, and within a few feet of where Yanni was sitting with his arms tied behind him. fTo be continued.) 