"A MODERN B0MANCE." CHAPTER V. As ho looked across at hor howovor, ho found himsolf frowning agnin. Tho girl had not waited for hor grandmother to answor, but had turnod away easily, and had callod Sir Antony to tho window to look at tho viow of tho Tcirplo Gardens lying bathed in tno glowing sunsniuo , and Richard Savillo had a curious twingo of pain as ho noticed how woll tlioir youthful figuros seomod to match m tho Bunlight, and how soft and swoot Ehzaboth's voice was as aho poke to tho young man. Thoro was a marked contrast in her present manner to tho mood in which she always received his — Richard Snviilo's —courtesy and dolicatoly-cxpressod admiration. Tho difference in tho girl's attitudo towards tho two mon was sufficiently noticeable, slight though it was, to evoko a frown also on Mis. Latimar s faco. In hor sourest tono aho callod Elizabeth from the window. ' You aro shutting out tho light and tho air, ho said. 'Sit down hero.' Sho pushed forward a small low chair with her wrinkled hand, aDd hor whole aspect was so harsh and forbidding that Antony Peiio was awed, though ho was also angerod. Sho spoko to Elizaboth, ho declarod swiftly to himself, in a manner that was absolutely shameful. Every thing Fco had said of this odious old woman was more than correct. Antony would have boon delighted if tho girl had answored hor grandmother with another sharp retort, and had refused to obey that roughly-uttered command. But Elizabeth did nothing of tho sort ; aho walked quietly back from tho window and seated herself in tho chair indicated. Thero was such gentleness, such grace, such pathos in hor submission that Antony Peile folt a Bt range stirriugl in his breast, and the first impression was made upon his mind of that likeness of Elizabeth which in after days was to grow into so clinging, so beloved, so Unfading a vision. Tho bitter words Feo had spoken about tho girl's hard unloved fato had a new and more real significance now j and ho found himself deciding eagerly to give his cousin all the aid in his powor to help tho girl to escapo from such a life. Antony would have had exactly tho same feeling had Elizabeth been as plain as sho was pretty— indeed tho young man hardly realised just then that tho girl woo so vory attractive. He was interested in hor, and would possibly have beon interested in nny circumstances ; but it was tho almosphoro of biting harshness that surroundod tho gaunt hard-faced old woman, Who was— so Foo had told him— Elizabeth's only companion, which now attractod his sympathy to tho girl bo freely, bo completely. Richard Saville, emerging from an inner room with some raro old wine, produced only on great occasions, caught a glimpse of Antony's faco as lie stood looking at Elizabeth, and tho sight brought a strange expression into his eyes. He sat down tho winn carefully. 'Now to table. Mrs. Latimar, you will bo comfortable in this chair. Miss Elizaboth, will you sit here. Tony What — you aro not going, my boy. Oh, this is very unsociable of you. I—" ' 1 have promised to lunch with the Forrands,' Sir Antony said quickly. 'I should not have intruded hero at all — especially had I known you were engaged— but that I wanted to Ieavo n messago with you, Dick.' Ho had regained his composure strengthened by tho thought of Eliza beth's sympathy, and he now advanced to Mrs. Latimar and held out his hand. 'I hopo you will forgive me,' ho Baid, with tho frank boyish air that was so charming to moat people. ' I would not for worlds have disturbed your business-chat with my brother, Mrs. Latimar ; but you seo 1 made a mistake.' Mrs. Latimar waa not in the least won by the pleasant voice or the handsome face. 1 have not much pationce with people who make mistakes,' she said tartly ; and she touched his hand grudgingly with hor thin fingers. Elizabeth smiled op into his eyes as ho paused for a moment before hor chair ; their handB seemed to exchange a world of comprehension, of aympathy, of friendship, as they wore clasped for that briof period of timo. Sho folt it rather hard to explain to hcrsolf why her grandmother's eurt rudeness to Sir Antony Bhould soem to convey more than thu usual ungraciousness and generally to all strangers, and why this feeling should carry even a deeper aonso of regret and sympathy than that which filled her whenever Feo came in for a share of Mrs. Latimar's grim humour. Somehow it socmed to Elizabeth that there was a distinct motive in her grandmother's mind, a distinct desire to bo rude to the young tiisn, to say harsh things, not from her usual mis chievous delight in upsetting aud mystifying new-comers, but from a deliberate fouling of ill- will towards this particular individual. Not knowing any just reason for this accentuated rudeness, and touched readily by tho simplicity and sincerity in Antony's nature, which were so clearly revealed to her, Elizaboth gavo more freely of her sympathy to him than sho hnd ever given to any one olso before. Sho would have liked him in any circumstances, Binco ho was so dear to Feo ; bot it was an easy matter to like him for himsolf. Thoro was a direct magnetism in his charm of manners and hia handsome faco and strong figure which touched the girl's heart ; sho admired him mora, and thonght more highly of him than any stranger she had yet mot. As Richard Savillo escorted tho young man affectionately from the room, hia hand resting upon his shoulder, his voice uttering graceful i regrets, Mrs. Latimar glanced at her grandchild. | Elizabeth's faco had a tinge of delicate colour ; it looked indescribably sweet and fresh nnd yonng, framed in tho old-fashioned bonnot. Tho strong light from the tall window fell upon the girl's loveliness ; but there was nothing to mar the picture ; tho colouring, tho soft smooth Bkin, the full red lips, had do need to fear tho rays of tho strongest sun. Mrs. Latimar noticed that tho girl's oyoa followed Antony Poilo's disappearing form. She stlawrind Vior liniiHn nnn nvnt thn ntlinr ntul nnvn a little chuckling laugh, at tho sound of which Elizabeth turned sharply. Sho knew too well the meaning of that odd simulation of merriment, it was thu usual forerunner of sonio speech that was caustic, probably unjust, certainly disagree able. She looked for an instant at her grand mother. Mrs. Latimsr's lips were sneering. ' Dreaming dreams— eh, Elizabeth 1' aho said, as she put out lier hand and pulled herself up with difficulty by means of the back of tho chair on which tho girl was sitting. 'Seeing yourself transformed into a grand lady ? Creating a knight of love and chivalry out of that most commonplace young man 1 Waste of time, my dear— waste of time. Antony Peilo may amuso himself by looking unutterable things into your eyes, ho may hold your hand tenderly, ho might possibly whisper suft nothings in your ear if he had the opportunity ; but' — the old women stood upright now, her hand still gripping Elizabeth's chair ; her voice was weaker but tho bitterness in it sounded just aB clearly — 1 but men of Sir Antony Peile's class, Elizabeth, my dear, go no further than that with penniless nobodies like you.' Elizabeth rose too, vory slowly. The pretty colour had left her faco, her lips wore palo and drawn. Sho trembled with sudden hot indigna tion nnd pain ; but she said nothing. She pushed ceair cIobo to tho tablo for her grandmother to ait down upon, and stood waiting very still and pale as Mrs. Latimar sank into it slowly and laboriously. The old women looked up ; her faco had tho Dame grry worn look that Elizabeth had noticed two nights boforo, but hor oyoa wore as alaar, as piarcing as ovor. ' Woll,' aho asked sharply, ' Whore is your tonguo 1 Why don't you indulge in your favour ite radonoss, and tell mo I am a vulgar old woman, or something of that sort? You could retort oasily enough just now.' Elizaboth gavo a sigh that Boomod full of unshed tears. ' Yon are always cruol, grnnnio,' alio said sadly, 'but thoro aro momonts when your cruolty doos more than wound — when it nraazos mo. If you did not know mo bo well,' tho girl wont on, breaking down a littlo, 'you might perhaps gratify your Bonso of humour by striking bucIi terrible blows at — ' Elizaboth pausod abruptly, Richnrd Savillo had returned. The girl lookod away to hido hor agitated faco, her quivoring lips, and tuar- blinded oyoa. ' Richard,' Mrs. Latimar said unceremoniously, ' if I do not havo my lunchoon at onco, I shnll die. Upon that wine and givo somo to Elizaboth \- sho has had a heavy morning gotting mo lioro. lama littlo more cumborsomo than I usod to bo, you see. Elizaboth, como and sit down. Nover mind your toars ; Richard has soon a woman cry before to-day, and ho knows what a nico tonguo I havo whon I care to uso it.' Richard Savillo gave a swift glanco at tho girl's figure, at hor bowed averted head. ' If Miss Druro would como io my rescue, I should bo most thankful,' ho said quickly, wish a skilfally-nssumod tono of mock dismay. 'Luncheon is a novelty to my domostics hero. I have juBt boon told that my ' ohof '—at othor times my caretaker — is in despair aa to how to cook tho asparagus. Now I can make a fairly decent speech, but tho cooking of asparagus is quito boyond mo.' ' Elizabeth, go and Bhow that fool how to do it,' said Mrs Latimar. Tho girl had flitted out of tho room almost before tho sentence was begun. Bho stood alone in the stone passage where only a few momonts boforo she had eat and chatted so ploasantly with Antony Peilo and alio prossod hor hands over hor oyeB, nnd upon her fast- bonting hoart. She was nervous and oppressed with tho weight of the growing fear about her grandmothor ; other wise she might have borne tho latest specimen of Mre. Latimar a peculiar humour with more oqunnimity. N over before had hor pationce and self-control deserted her so completely. She mado no protenco of going into tho kitchen ; Bho know thoroughly woll that ovory detail respecting ouch a man's domestic arrange ments would be os nearly perfect aa possible, and that to offer hor sorvicoa in tho kitchon would be foolish in tho extremo. Tho excuso Mr. Savillo had invonted in order that Bho might escape from tho room and conquer her agitation was so prompt, so kind, bo clover, that the giri could noc refuse him her grutitudo. ' Ho is really kind,' she said to herself ; then sho sighed wearily. It was not often she folt aa though it was quito impossible for her to go on bearing tho burden of her daily life, but sho folt it to bo tho cose just now. Tho memory of hor grand mother's cruel words, though thoy had been spoken very possibly in tho UBual spirit of hitter jest, with which she wsb only too familiar, painod hor aa if sho had boon Bcorchod with a hot -iron, tho trace of which would nover paaa away. It was usolosa for Elizabeth to try to analyso her prosont feolings. Judged by tho standard of formor sneera and cruol words, hor grandmother's lost attack upon her was no worso nor more unkiud than thoso that had boon made at many another timo yot Eliaboth had never suffered such mortification and pain from tho old woman's bitter tonguo aa aho was suffering now. Shu still trembled from indignation as sho sat down upon tho stone stops and tried to conquor her agitation. ' I am ailly — silly,' sho said a littlo fiorcoly to herself, as, against her will, tho tears would woll up into hor eyes and her lips would quiver. But in tho depths of hor proud desolato young hoart she know sho nood not reproach horsolf for her woakness. Any other woman would havo felt as sho was feeling. All tho pleasure she had derived from hor short intorcouae with Antony Peilo died out utterly now, nnd tho mere thought of meeting him again with tho recollection of her grandmothor'a sneer stinging her all the timo was enough to bring a hot flush of tlinmo over her tear-stained faco. ' I hopo I shall novor seo his him again,' sho 8B1U paflolOTiulUiy tU lltruuii f oiiu uuuutiu conscious of a little added houvincss, a littio sharper regret. Sho had liked him so much, nnd he was so dear to Feo ; and thero had beon something so oppoaling to bar in his hanusomo boyish faco— tho vaguo something which drew out tho latent motliorlinoBs which lurked boneath all Eliza beth's repressed tenderness. Sho arose witli a sigh, that lingoringly fluttered from hor lips, and, as sho did bo, Mr. Savillo's housekeeper camo to hor and asked hor if sho would liko to reinovo hor bonnet. 'Mr. Saville eent you thoso salts for your hcadacho, miss,' the woman said kindly; ' and io there anything I can do for you.' Elizaboth took tho salts, but sho rofusod to romovo hor bonnet. ' My grandmothor will not stay long, and 1 fool hotter now ; it is cool out liore.' Sho smiled, a pretty wan smile, at tho woman. ' Mr. Savillo is very kind," aho added gently. Sho spoko with conviction, for nothing could oxcocd tho taot and thoughtfuluoaa of this man whom alio had always dialikod. ' Mr. Savillo in always kind, miss,' tho houio- koopor answered. ' l'vo aorvod him for many a yoar now, and l'vo novor had as much as a cross word from him. Will you como in to luncheon, miss — or would you rather stay horo.' ' I will como in,' Elizaboth said ; and bIio carried tho largo saltB-bottle in with hor. Tho tear-stains wore on hor faco aud her pallor was not gono, but to Richard Savillo's oyoa sho hod never looked more awoet, hor innocent fascination had novor boon greater ; his ploasuro in looking at hor and watching tho various exproasionsjflit ovor hor faco bad novor boon so great. Ho rose and attondod to her requirements liko a knight sorving his quoon ; ho laughod and <«tm4?ni1 txfifrls Mist r»M Inrlu wltnnii Lnnti niMB linrl boon turnod for ono instant towards Elizaboth as sho re-ontored tho room ; ho woe his usual tactful and charming aolf. No ono looking at him could havo guessod that a touch from the hand of tho shabbily-dressed pretty girl sitting bosido him would have sont a thrill of passion through hitn— a passion of lovo, of hnpo, of doterminod desire, which was slowly becoming more intonso, more irresistible even than anothor passion which for tho past twonty-five years hod hold sway ovor him, and which, though so strong, so lasting, had nover revealed, and indood had hardly been confossod in its full power ovon to himself in his secret momonts of solf-analysis and Bolf- comprehanston. Mrs. Lutimar wsb full of caustic wit through out tho luuchoon ; but Elizaboth noted that sho ato next to nothing, and to tho girl's anxious oyos it sooniod that tho gray shado that had fallon over tho thin sharply-cut faco duoponod with oach hour thnt passed. Whatovor tho business was that had brought tho old lady to Richard Snviilo's office, tho final transaction of it soomod to havo givou her much satisfaction. It wns wonderful howovor how very little it took to please hor whoro Riohard Savillo was concerned. ' You will como and soo mo soon — vory soon, if you plonso, Richard,' she said poromptorily, whon at last sho signiGod hor intontion of departing. ' I do not mean to bo put on ono aido for any of your smart folk ; so bo good enough to uudorstand that onco and for all.' Richard Savillo laughod pleasantly. ' Do you think I dosorvo that reproach, ray donr old friend,' ho askod hor. ' When havo I ovor noglootod you.' Mrs. Latimar had a ready roply. 'Alt lost year,' sho said promptly, 'you nog- loctod mo ahnmofnlly. What took you off to attondanco on a haruu-scaruin boy I could novor nudorstaud. Ploaso don't ropoat tho oxpori- ment, Richard — at loast, not until 1 am in my grave.' Richard Savillo won liia way a littlo furthor jnto Elizaboth's good gracos by tho tondor way in which ho waited on tho old lady and boro with hor sharp merciless tonguo. Whon thoy at last wont down-Btairs, thoy found a uoat brougham waiting for them at thu door. ' I would havo ordered you an opon carriago, but I thought you would profor thiB,' Mr. Savillo Baid. Mrs. Latimar grunted out somo sort of acknowledgment. ' Don't Bit with your back to tho horse, Eliza beth,' sho aaid sharply. ' You aro looking liko a ghost aB it ia. For mercy's sake, don't toll mo you aro going to bo ill.' Elizaboth laughod faintly. ' I am quito woll, grannio,' bIio aaid ; thon sho put out hor hand to tho tall distiuguiahcd-looking man standing on tho pnvoinont in tho Bunlight. ' Good-byo, Mr. Savillo ; and thank you,' sho said gontly. ' It ia I who must thank you, Miaa Druro. I shall hopo to havo a repetition of our littlo lunchoon-pnrty vory soon,' ' It will havo to bo in Bloomsbury, tlion,' Mrs. Latimar remarked ; ' and I shall havo no objec tion, Richard, providod you bring tho lunchuon with you. I certainly cannot afford such oxtra- vagant ontortninmonts. Now toll thu man to drivo slowly, but not too slowly ; I don't want tho carrigo to bo taken for a funoral procossion. Elizaboth, Bliut both 1 ho windows,' Mrs. Latimar sank back woarily as it rolled away and closed hor cyoa. ' I am tired, Elizaboth. Don't apeak to mo. Wake mo up whon wo roach homo.' Elizaboth sat still nnd Bilont bosido hor grand mothor as tho brougham moved ovonly through tho crowded streots. Cnco Mrs. Latiinn oponed hor oyos, and, putting out hor hondr touched tho girl. 'Woll, havo you forgiven me,' alio asked faintly, somewhat in hor old sharp way. ' Did I mako you vory angry, Elizabeth.' Very,' tho girl said quiotly j yot hor heart thrlllod slightly, for hor grandmothor'a Bpecch took hor quito by aurpriao. ' But you — you hurt mo moBt of nil, grannie,' sho added a little unsteadily, ' whon you said ' 'I know what I said perfectly woll. You need not ropoat it, thank you, Elizabeth.' Tho woary eyelids dropped again, and thon wore onco moro raised. ' It was a bonutiful lunchoon, nnd you ato nothing, Elizaboth. 1 was quito vexed with you.' 'I ato at much as you did,' Elizaboth said, wisoly restraining such emotions ns sho full, and falling back easily into tlioir old style of conversation. Mrs. Latimar slumbered for a few minutes. It was intenaoly hot insiilo tho brougham, but Elizaboth had to oxpross hor desire for fresh sir ; tho touch of her grandmother's hand upon liors had beon icily cold ; boat was necessary to the old woman. ' That nspunraguswaaexcollcnt,' Mrs. Latimar remarked, waking up ngain aftor n long pause. ' Richard need not havo lied about his cook. That was on your accouur, Elizabeth. I hopo you wore grateful to him.' ' I was vory grateful — very,' Elizaboth answered truthfully. ill a fow momonts moro thoy had reached tho door of tho dingy old Bloomsbury house, whicli prcsonted such a contrast to all its neighbours, with its unpainted front, its floworlosa windows and dusty btindB. ' Tho noxt timo I lunch witli Richard ho shall send this carriago for us,' Mrs. Latiinnr said, us sho alighted and wont very slowly towards her house — so slowly that it soomod as though tho joumoy would nover bo accomplished. Sho stood for a momont whon tho doorway waa finally reached, and lookod back at tho Square garden bathed in the glory of thu aftornoon sun, tho tall tops of tho old troeB moving gracefully in thu faint broczo that Btirrcd thorn now and then. 'Tho world has its boantiful momonts, Eliza beth,' Bho snid, iu a voico that was unlilco any thing tho girl had over hoird from her lips before — a voico that was dreamy, wistful, regretful. ouu unu uuu n iiiii'iL'G iittiiu i untiu tin uiia tuutu o 1 shoulder. Thero was a long silence between j them; thon tho old woman sighed. Si ill, I shall not bo Borry to go whon my timo comes,' j sho added softly ; and at these words a mist camo ovor Elizabeth's oyos, and tho pain and fear of tho night buforo rutlied back to her heart with redoubled force. Leaning heavily upon hor granddnughtor for support, Mrs. Latimar wont into her lioiiso, and tho door waa closed behind thoui, shutting out tile hoat and thu golden splundour of tho suit that mado tho day bo beautiful. About twolvo hours later thoro camo an ond to all oartlily sunshiuo and cloud for Charlotto Latimar ; the world, its good and its bud momonts, was gono from her for over. Tho oml had como to hor in the night — stealthily, suroly. Site was found lying dead in her bed. Shu had said sho was ready to go, and sho had peacefully — to tho oyea of tho only creature who Blicd tears ovor hor — willingly ; nnd thero was a softor sweotcr look upon hor whito still face in tho first hush of death than tliuru had ovor beon upen it in tho yoara of tho lifo which Elizabetli had shared and suffered with her so patiently. CHARTER VIII. Elizabeth took no active shnro iu tho uccossnry arrangemunts that followed immediately upon her grandmother's death. Gregory had takou into his own lisnda tho management of every thing, His first thought was lo giro Elizaboth aB littlo pain ns was possible. Ho mado no effort to soc her during thu few sombre days preceding the funoral. He hud a sense of pleasure in tho knowludgo that ho was able to spare her the details of thrso last sorvicoa to tho doad. Ilo know it would have hurt hor to share them. Ho liimsolf wns conscious of a vaguo sort of pain wiiuu liiu nu)o wuru yit uu iu iiiiiij <iuu no iiiiu iu unlock boxos and drawors filled witli his grand mother's private papers. It suemuil almost aacrilogo to liiin to touch such secret things. Ilo handlod tho packots of faded old letters with reverent fingers. Thoro was not much disorder ; everything seomod to havo been already arranged by tho old woman. Gregory found little tickots uttnctiod to most of tho bundles of papors, on which wore directions whither they should ho sent. Tho bulk of tho pipers wore uddressed to liinisulf, nnd contained, iib ho guusaud from a cursory ghincu hero ami thero, matters dealing with ilia grandfatlior's management of thu big business which now was entirely under his own control. There were othor documents ticketed, witli a request that that tiiuy should bo aunt to tho lnwyora ; and ono packet of lottors was directed to bogivon to Elizaboth ; these weroiu a woman's handwriting, and Gregory guossod at once that thoy had boon written by tho girl's mother. Ho deferred giving tliom to Elizaboth till lntur. Tho girl herself remained up-stairs in iior littlo gnrrot bod-room— tho room that had boou her aauetnary, the slirino of all hor hopes, tho grave of all hor simple desires for bo many years. Aftor tho first day bIio had coasod shedding toars ; sho found tho void iu her lifo, tho pain nt hor hoart, too groat for lours or fur any out ward expression ; nnd alio had a wish to koop hor griuf to horsolf. Sho shrank from any mis construction being put upon it, aa folt might nnturnlly bo tho case. For Elizaboth know enough of tho world to rocogniso how natural it would bo for othors to describe her tours as falso, hor sorrow as protondod ; therefore sho kopt it to horsolf. Sho had, moreover, n groat doal to ocoupy hor mind, thoro was no much to ponder and reflect upon thnt tho hours of hor soliludo seomod to pass liko minutes. <>n tho cv ning of that first strango and day that foltowod after her grand mothor'a doath, n lottor had rouchcd Elizabeth. It had boon brought, so tho maid told her, liy Mr. Savillo himsolf, and ho had mndo many inquiries nbout hor. Elizabeth had shut herself in hor littlo room and had oponed the lottor. It contaiiiod an ouclosuru in hor graudinotlior's writing, ond, nt sight of the ornmpod curious chnrnctore which would novor ho traced again, tho girl had wincad, nnd n mist had como ovor hor oyes. Sho hnd hold tho totter long timo in hor hand unoponed. Then alio had sat down quiotly and wiili tender reverence, yet with a touch of foar thnt bIio could not repress, and had commonced to rend it. In anothor two or tliroo days thoro was to bo tho gathoring of tho family for tho fuuorrl and for tho reading of tho will ; |but Elizaboth knew, ns she glanced at tho first sontenco of tho luttor, that, whatovor tho logally-oxooutod will might contniu for othors, so far ns sho wns concorncd this pioco of paper roprosontod tho real, possibly tho seorot, wishos of tho doad woman — wishes that must bo rognrdod by Elizabeth as sacred and absolutely final. Tho girl sat by horsolf on tho day of tho funoral ; sho had just sent back a messago in rosponso to Gregory's nffeotiunato nnd syinpn- thotio littlo note, saying that sho prcforrcd to bo abBOnt both at tho grave and at the reading of tho will. Sho left such attendance to tho crowd of relatives who flecked into the old houso for nlmost tho first timo in their lives and who gossiped and ato aud drank together in a way that would have infuriated thu dead woman for whom thoy had ostensibly assembled to mourn. Elizaboth heard of tho numerous arrivals- most of tho pooplu came uninvited and unexpectedly — through tho servants, who seconded to her room now and then lo bring her sumo food and to offor hor thoir humble sympathy. (to dk continued.) 