allS HUNTING. MM THE MELBOURNE HOUNDS. sBH . II Y TOPRA1L. icHHpn Wednesday, the 2Ut Iiist., the meet was at Vale. Usually a hunt in this Ticlnity attracts :|KBB00<il; numer followers, but strange to say on cMMBk occasion very few put in ati appearance uttho IMWg . our, most- noticeable abseil- ' lln& the acting master, . Mr, Godfrey j IPIBF80"' w10 an important engagement else- 1 MSlBm!' r< 'ft80n'8. alwenco was of course great ly ESHkL6' as 10 manages to show sport I iKkSHl tm<ertiloni"fc u,|favoralJl0 conditions; with I LH«HvneelS0 do our houndi work so well, nor can any ; HSgHPteJlifeknowludgeof this part of tho country, i \ ie wlto of tho naturalised fox. Another less I8111» rta.UtpBr30u aH alao Prforce absent, and be reRrcl,s having to report tho day's pro| AgSBBdings from the description kindly supplied by an t1fIBK:rTnllt Wweor, tho Held resolved upon what tport they could in the circum nnd with Mr. Gordon Lyon as field 9 llwa5 instructed to hunt tho ! ieat Vca,Ti'anil continual rains had caused : \'iV11111 'l011 of the low lying lands around I iL \ .« ? h?i »w?9 .,,ot surprising to find horses UP tp their fetlocks in the soft ground, as i vud through the timbered fields to tbo xHUHHib of the Gippdand line, iu order, to draw the a,|d f«rn risoe, where it was hoped Wends would'be found at homo. | Rft,ne beneath notice, so that | fl WlRi.. ;;"?r 5;HI be roused when a puppy ut riotor ni! m »lr ;.a,Ml nny'a whip and ponetrat j ! hoard chiding tho . iniscrcauts as i iios . tUo. ma|'» object of their search, i ® ivHSKf nVLlnc Jlrhable spot was drawn without Onco hopes wuro raised when hounds lTIMfcrf?«l.S0.tRCle"b a hare that sped away in cwlfaMBHi v, API" lholr eagor cry, but soou Denny's voice i>'ltBHcaclrorith..rtloiu.1 taliy.ho" to the loft, and a HBBcoinA «.C »R« lw ?ohl,' thinking tholr thuo 00 5,.,bo .th» Une indicated by the B8HBcaiJi J r'n e,ur roynartl took tbo coarse Bfflffin tl,ft .nXVl0er U -was "Is ghost that Denny RHB it »i » » \ history docs not relate, but what BHHc J?.f / l00k slhe. 506,11 with him, for after ' WMLQ! :ci back and around, the ,,ii« ll0bs, wucli as whimpor, and tho iBtWHBro or » tlmale,.y molted to try olsowherc. jHfluock n»?«!?n U9 V.v ft fox fou,"l h « largo rough hBHion (5!n »aA?Qll0R.or eaal of Spring Vale wtllKrailwn v nl8 rn lIiat distance due south from fll ilHKtry nrlvii Vegr?fc lll,y jsnorauco of the inlWBy cIoiur description, hut, auihco it HKrvfiv Lifco»cotnore provoii a suro.find, as a HKiU with tho fullest intoutlou of f. a. vory clean pair, of heels. The pack l?l\lBamlnopeftJ '!10iJni,fc cll?vti?» anrt with sterns lW 'MMfcalt C \t0 tb®I,r work -they wont in pursuit dlfflHnow hifs.K00 j ii r®al hiislnoss of the day a,,d rldera soon realised that It nfrHHy kHnw lnattor t0 Hvo with houiulH in the -ffcSHB the i KIn«- As if realising, nit ll iVy s.et his mask for tho most iorinidahlo .. 'WBBtol wn« UIl!l' ana eoiflg north tho railway \ . MBttkimr 01 courae encountered, and dof| JOB tinouch Cai10 Iho fashion; keeping ... 'BBlt warre na I,!),0"8!0 hoatliy ecruh and ndlHtr nroumi' ! mul? worked tho line-up over tho \BHB DaudenLIj.0"? eud ero Jong reached tho Si !;lt0>>«-r?ad« which was crossed at a ' straight goer, this W wni K3®rVoit (?lt?' ?Bf homu\3- throwing their tongues jggnraoit, uabgtl forward on a bnrmng scent; 15 l\niX flow,u hy as the Wellington-road 1 was left behind, and- the low lying ground ahead .t1" "'"It bolts of tl-trou BYtlHllodtho »?.« i? I11 v?.11 .iab cvor bordering along tho Daudeuung Creek was tho (iunvry's goal. Uere huutuls ovoiitually threw up their heads as scent seoincd to dioaway iu the wet, swampy ground, and fearing that no progress couid now be made, and as tho hour was late, Mr, Gordon Lyon ordored a cessation of hostilities. UosldesMr. Gordon Lyon, there wero oufcj-Tho lion. Mrs. L'reeman Thoma, Uon. Dorothy Brand, Miss Calvert, Captain S'.oane Stanley, Captain Hayes, Mr. Itowc, Air. Bagenal, &c.; On Saturday last tvo had another of thoso early morning hunts, and favored with fluo though fogey weathor a most onjoyablu run was experienced by aomo 20 or more, who mot Mr. Godfrey Watson with-about ten cuuplo of houudsat Caulflold at 8 o'clock. Trotting across tho Melbourne golf links the line was picked up at the corner of tho Burke and Wat. tie lreo roads, and jumping directly into what was in booin time intended for a flower garden, wo passed at a baud gallon by the front door of Mr. Daviossinrge bouse. Heading for the valley two or thrco stitt thrce-rnilcrs were rattled over, and crossing tho Malvem-road— which hero winds about aftor the fashion of an English Inno—wocatuo upon thoGlenlrisrailway line, amostawkwardaifair, and, if anything, worse than the notorious "No, 8 Gate" alluded to last week. The fiehl now began to string out in a long line, and it soemed as If fences would never cease as wo approached a cramped doublo into liigh-strect, auove Gnrrimor's Creek (where we threw off on the opening day, after meeting at Ranfurlie). Leaving, in turn, tho Glen Iris and Summcrhilt rands behind us, It was with satisfac lion that we hailed n check, even though short is their time of tarrying." Most of the field had emerged from tho obscurltv of the fog aa hounds oiico more dashed forwanf, and with a whimper spoke to the lino which led across tho Outer Circle railway. Rail punchers are hero prone to ponder, as tlieso boundary fences, when built by a lavish Government, were made to withstand the attacks of man, beast ana time. At .tho second of the doublo oue gentleman was seen momentarily groping in the mud, whilst his liorso lay on ton, perhaps with tho kindly object of keep itig him nut of harm's way, hut both ,wcfb' soon going again, nono tliu worse for the adventiuo. Turning sharp to tho left hounds now) took- us past the Norwood-road, and bending to the right some nice jumping was revelled in, including a raspiug fence on to the Borootidara-rond. Running towards Surrey Hill another pause was welcomed aftor passing the Canterbury-road. Tho field bs this time had thinned considerably, but there way no time to waste, so away again ovor the Mont Albei t. road, and surmounting nil dlificnlty with the Liilydalu railway lino by means of a culvert, we took a short cut up the hill beyond the Wlilto Horse-road, where the master signalled a halt to collect stragglers, the pace having told upon all but tho fastest and best conditioned animals. Upon resuming we cantered, down a grassy valloy ship ing to a branch of the Koonung Creek, and eventu ally. reached the Doncastnr-road. The day's pro ceedings were, not, howover, over, for when approaching tho Builcen-road a fox was descried flying for dear life along the edge of a cultivated paddock; hounds were soon screaming in his wake, and it needed all tho remaining energy of our tired horses to keep them in sight, through tho fog. Wire fences proved here and thero a temporary barrier to progress ; bub M where .there's a will there's always a way " and with Nipper, Ttumbo anil Svlvester foraging ahead the wholo field, in cluding tho two gallnnt young ladies, wero well up as the hounds, hard pressing the tiring fox. forced i him to seek refuge in a deep ravine close by the River Yarra, whete lie wns fortunate enough to find an open earth tlmt sbiohletl him effectually from the jaws of his ravenous enemies ; nod so our journey was ended. The time occupied in covering a distance of 12 or 13 milos was about an hour and a quarter, and the run throughout, nnd more especially tho final fox hunt, proved exhilarating to all. We wero fortu nate in finishing in tho ueiahborhood of Kuw. and not far from the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Georgo Lorhncr, who kindly extended their usual hospi tality to the members of the hunt. I noticed tho following were out;— Mr. Godfrey Watson on Nipper, Miss Watson on Bonny Loss, Miss Calvert on Ramblor, Lord Richard NevllI on Wixard. Messrs. Lompriuru on Uumbo, Evorard Browne on Sylvester, Brett on Rocket, Duffy on Or&ngeman;, Brayshay on n brown, Bngeual on Norseman, French on Meruugle, Leonard on Steel- trap, Wood on Wellington, Lorimer on Patrician, Williams on a brown, Long on Silvcrthread, Gillct on Stanton, Millar on Meg, Whittingham on Ma- zeppa, Harvey on a grey, Captain Hayes on Admis- aiou, Power on Benjuletm, and others whose names I do not now remember, I might here montion that tho annual hunt ball is announced to bo held on the 13tli August, but, owing to tho regrottahlo acchlont to Lady Brassoy, it may bo postponed for a week or two to enable her to be presout.sbould she not be quite recovered by that date. 