I a E LIG HT THAT CAST NO SHADOW Curious stories arc told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the “ adspts,” as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the searet of their remark able performances. 'They treated him rather sourvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscript. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. “ I can't see how to read, here," saiil the “ Then we will have some light,” was the reply, and immediately (the -professor says) a soft pearly light brightened the cave. He oould not tell whence it came, but he noticed it had one strange quality —it cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its proof is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one’s own experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A mnnwhohas been ill foryears,andfails to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him woll. What else but donbt could result from his experience ? Take an example :— “ Iu the spring of 1881,” writes our correspondent, “ I fell into a low, weak, nnd languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my Etomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a Bour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I Buffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off and on T continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel’s Syrup, nnd procured a supply. A ter I hail taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually nil nervousness left me. Allhough I hud no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having list'd it or scon it used, I now gladly ndmit its value, and its power over disease. Since my reoovery, for which I think Mother Seigid’s Curative Syrup, I have becu in the best oi health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humauity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June Stb, 1S93.” Thoro is a deal of difference between Mr Griffiths's candid letter and the story about he light that cast no shadow. The latter may he true enough, but it cannot be verified without morn trouble than it is wot til. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer lettei s of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystio or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forme, or phases of that universal disease—indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over healths and homes where illnees and paiu had cast such dark and terrifyiug shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 