BREYITIES. Ashton's Circus will open this evening. In the old days the name of Ashton was always associated with a good performance. Interest in next Tuesday's Cycling Carnival is mounting, and some splendid contests are expected. Acceptances for the Wheel Race close to.day. Those who intend competing at the Rose Show in the Town Hall on Thursday evening next are re minded that entries close to-morrow. Tua weather in this district is certainly out of joint. Severe frosts on Saturday and Monday mornings are reported from various parts of the district and damage was done to tender plants. A very fine plate of peas (Duke of Albany) is on view in Mr. A. Lansdowne's window. They were grown by Mr. T. Grunsell. Some of the pods are fully six inches long. Reports state that the wheat crops around Junes and Hay are sadly in need of rain and present pros peots are not at all encouraging. The various Sunday-schools attached to S. Saviour's parish have just held a very successful festival. The flower service in the Cathedral on Sunday afternoon was very largely attended. The Rev. W. I. Carr-Smith, of St. James', Sydney, who preached in St. Saviour's on Sunday, says he has noticed a want of discipline in the Australian generally. The stern discipline which has made the Britisher what he is is not apparent here. The Rev. H. Youngman, speaking on Sunday, says he recollects the time when bullock teamsmight be seen bogged in Auburn-street. A fatal case of enakebite is reported from the Keoumore Hospital for Insane. Mr. W. S. Foxall, delegate to the Wesleyan General Conference, left Goulburn this morning and will sail for New Zsaland on Wednesday. At the Wesleyan Jubilee celebration last night there was present one of the parties to the first ,marriage celebrated in the building now used as the lecture-hall. It is customary to give a bible and. hymn-book on such occasions, but this was not done. The person interested has agreed to accept a hymn book as a "compromise," and the Rev. Mcr. Gardiner promises that the obligation shall be met. The Rev. H. Youngman brought the matter up. The unfortunate man Tracey, a ganger, who was killed on the Culcarin railway a short time ago, was a member of the Breadalbane Lodge of the G.U.O. of Oddfellows. The funeral donation amounted to £60. The claim was made yesterday and met to day. At the inquest on Monday on Miss Stacy, tha victim of the cycling fatality on Saturday night, at witness stated that when the tram had approached to within two yards of her she fell off her machine. The tram pulled up very quickly, but not before the motor had passed over Miss Stacy. The jury re turned a verdict of accidental death. At the Sydney wool sales on Monday 5917 bales were catalogued, and 4908 were sold. The tendency to decline was more markoed, and nearly all qualities of merino, including the boat combing wools, were distinctly below opening rates. With regard to. the censure motion, the " mal adminlstration.'" it is explained, relates to paita aotloes eo the Ministry, and not to present oiroiam stances. It is the belief of Mr. Lyns that he ham the full vote of the Opposition behind him. The Government, however, are not uneasy with regard to the matter. Ministers tlate that they are fully prepared. They do not believe that the Opposition has the " ghost of a show." Bush fires were raging oL Monday on the moun tains, and at LawscD, the. residents had to work hard to preven the. flames reaching their resi deuces. At syglg?n. on Monday, Chong Chung, a Chime sra , was fined £50 for entering the colony.withutr p~tytg the poll tax of £100, and was ordered to.pay the tax or go to gaol for two years. The bench of magistrates decided to recommend the Exeoutive to mitigate the sentence. Auckland, Monday.-An extraordinary native trouble has occurred in the Taranaki district. The Maoris, to show their dissatisfaction at the ad ministration of their lands by the Public Trustee, commenced ploughing over the lands leased to Europeans. Seventy-three were arrested and sentenced to, two months' imprisonment. They merchei to the courthouse playing music, and danced ?akua before and after the trial. On the disbandment of the Lucknow strike com mittee, the funds in hand, which total a respeotable amount, will be divided among those stilkers who are not re-employed. Brisbane. Monday.-A severe thunderstorm passed over Brisbane and suburbs early this afternoon. The hailstones wore very large, and the ground for hours afterwards presented the appearance of a' snowfield. During a heavy wind storm on Monday at Narra burra, near Tomora, a sheet of bark was blown off a but and struck a girl named Kite, causing con cussaloc of the braiu. She died whilst being con-. voyed toeTemora. The Customs collections in Sydney for Oeober amounted to £108,354 17s 10d, a decrease oft £7151 as compared with the total during the corrscponding. month of last year. For the first 10 months of the. year the total Customs collections wera £1,123,617,. a decrease of £129,713 on the amount collcotec$ during the first 10 months of 1696. 