LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Snecial Correspondent.! London, September 3, 1897. A correspondent of the Daily Neios has fur nished a mild sensation by sending an account of the discovery of the, remains of Captain Henry Arkwright, of the 84th Regiment, who together with one of his guides and both his porters perished by the fall of an avalanche on the Grand Plateau whilst attempting the ascent of Mont Blanc on October 13, 18CG. Ihe corpse of the gallant captain — or rather, tho major part of it — was taken from its icy tomb a fortnight ago. It appears that Alfred Payot and his son, both well- known guides, were ou a Saturday afternoon planting a flag in the lower part of tho Glacier des Bossons, some 0,000 it. below the scene of the aecideut. They noticed something partly buried in the ice, and a closer investigation disclosed human remains. As the weather was very threatening and the cor|jae partly uncovered the Piiyots decided to carry it down to acrevasso close to the paviliou on tho left moraiae for shelter without waiting for the usual formal visit of the gendarmes to the 3oeao of their ghastly discovery. All except the head and f-.et were brought to light, 'but,'says the correspondent, ' details are too painful to relate.' He tells us, however, that 'tho right hand, which had ouce so firmly grasped tho iron-plated pin« pole that even after 31 years they were found close together, was marvel lously Ji/plike; the ice had oven preserved in it the.red tint of the blood.' -The question of identity was soon settled, for io the pocket of tho grey waistcoat was found a white pockethandkcichief with a plain blue border, Btrong and Bound as whun new, and in one corner were tho words, 'H. Arkwright, 84th Regiment 12,' as plain as though the marking ink had been applied the day before. In the collar of what had been a white linen shirt was a small gold stud with a brilliant, and in the front was a larger one eet with diamonds in blue enamel. In tho pocket of the trousers were the remains of what might have been a cigarette case, aud on the previous day a gold watch chain had been picked up in tho vicinity; but the watch could not be found. The hazardous Anuien Passage, where Captain Arkwright met his death, is not used nowadays, but as a matter of fact if good guides are employed the only risk to mountaineers is that of bad Weather. Captain Arkwright's second aud guide on tho fatal day, Silvain Coutel, alone escaped to tell the story of the 'awful avalanche' which overwhelmed his com panions. He still liveB — if a very old para lytic can be deemed to live — at Chamounix. Humanity seems just at present to be suffer ing from a severe attack of polar mania. No less than four expeditions in quest of the North Pole arc ou the tapis at this moment, but only oho is likely to come to anything, naoifly. the projoot brought forward by Mr. Walter Well man, an American journalist, who made some Sort of a name for himself as the leader of the Yankee expedition in the polar ice to the north of Spitsbergen sumo three years ago. Undismayed, by Nanscn'e failure, which, however, was a grand commercial suc cess for the doctor, and the comparative failure of the magnificently equipped Jaokson Harmsworth expedition, Mr. Welltnan is arranging the details of a further attempt to reach the topmost spot of our little sphere. His plau is to sail from Bergen, Norway, in June next in a steamer constructed on the lines of the Fram with nine other venturesome souls, American aud Norwegian. At Cape Flora, in lat. 80°, where Mr. Jackson made his head quarters, Mr. Wejlman intends to estab lish a supply station. This will be left in ohai-ge of a couple of men, and the remainder of the party, will push on with sledges, dogs, aud small boats as far north as possible before the Winter sets im Tho head of the expedition hopes to bo able to winter in the neighborhood of Cape Fligely, the farthest point touched by Payer five and twenty years ago. Early in 1899, spring being the best time for travel in the Aretic regions, five or six of them will continue the journey nurthward, accompanied by GO doge and provisioned for over 100 days. From Cape Fiigely to the Pole is a distance of about CDO miles, and as Ml\ Welltuan anticipates buing able to accomplish 10 miles a day he is hopeful of reaching the hole and making the return to Caps Fligely before the summer sunshine causes the ice to break up and renders travelling both extremely perilous and slow. Wellmnn, it seems, has the advantage -of having consulted with Nansen, tod the latter apparently thinks the American's chances of retwhihg the goal of Arctic explore tibn are fairly rosy. Mr. Wellnfcm's expedi tion Will certainly bo inuoh ? better equipped than was Nansen's, and his party Will have fixed stations to tall back on, which the Nor wegian had n.ot. ^ . ? ?'? The spread of education is making itself felt even in the haunts of Bill (fykes. The burglar of our childhood's fancy was ft ruffiati of the roughest exterior, who oatuo upon uB.in ?the BJidd^.pf night armed with aflark lantern jand i rbm, pne to half a dozen niui'dorouslook ing: pistbls,^which he would ..not 'hesitate to use upon stubborn householders. '„ But , ttie days of Bill Sykea are over apparenuy, find, the era Of WiHjAnl Sykea, Eaq.^ haSj&lTived;, when iViVtead -of pistols find life preserves' the burglar will arm- himself with politeheas and kindly w-nsidtera_tiqn for .those i whose domiciles he re tattom Atii^^AjittleWMrjooSotedbyfe ^iidieatefdf three a few. oWjStob iti the fiftee ~tui ., iittie ; rvimyro ot- n^ftw£B&^&4i%nwA vo $ntB' ooholusfonj ?; i The ' syndicate ? fchiss?,- jar. thbir operations a; 'bouse called ^?I'beiMardenB,' ir\;U-rnKi-;, '??.-? \ ?? ? .viSM'.R. - . ' .-...: ??'?? - ?'???????';-;???.??? y',r\t:ccr-mri\ occupied by a venerable lady : of . SO and, her brother, who also boasts an existence of several years beyond the allotted span of the PsalmiBt About 4 a.m. was the time fixed for the predatory visit. Leaving a pony and cart ih a shady lane near, by the house the three gentlemen of the jemmy effected an entrance into the billiard-room on the ground floor. They were evidently unacquainted with the premises, and had to apply tbe oontre-bit a second time, which they need not have done had they known the ropes. The three men then entered the lady's bedroom. The chief, wearing a crape mask, said, 'Do not be alarmed, lady; we don't mean to hurt you, but where are your keys!' Mies Creighton did not Bhow the least alarm, but replied sharply, ' If you used your eyes you would Bee them in front of you on tbe table.' It was light by this time. On the same table lay a watch and chain. It was promptly annexed by the chief, when his hostess exclaimed, ' You mustn't take' that watch. It belonged to my poor ..dead brother, and I prize it very highly.' To her astonishment the appeal was complied with, the chief naively asking, 'Did *the chain belong to him, too?' On being assured to the contrary he detached the chain from the watch and left the latter on the table. A quid pr6 quo was., however, neces sary, and Miss Creighton had to disclose the whereabouts of her valuables. These happened to be in some drawers in the room. They were promptly ran Backed, and the contents transferred to the pockets of the burglars. Then they made their way to Mr. Creighton's room. He, poor old gentleman) was sound asleep, and on being awakened explained to the chief's demand for information that he was 'rather hard of hearing.' This seemed to tickle the leader, and he mentioned in a louder tone that he need not be alarmed. Meantime his aged sister happened to see that the gang in their search of the drawers had over looked a very valuable watch belong ing to her brother, which was lying beneath some paper. She bravely popped out of bed, seized the watch and placed it under her pillow. Immediately after one of the men returned to her room for a final look round and espiod the watch the claim upon which the leader had promised to waive. He was about to take it up, when Miss Creighton re minded him of his chief's promise. This was quite enough. The trio, after politely wishing both occupants 'good morning,' then left the house, first taking the precaution to lock both bedrooms. Miss Creighton managed to attract the atten tion of a gardener, who was early astir, the servants not having been disturbed, and he went for the police. A little after 5 three men in a pony-cart, preceded by a man on a bicycle, were seen going through the village en route for London. They had the hardihood to water their horse at the public trough in the main thoroughfare, but they have not been seen since. It is a thousand pities that a respectable committee of persons interested in super natural research and warranted proof against the ordinary spirits of commerce could not come across a really nice ghost and bottle it up for exhibition. Unfortunately, whenever I a well-constituted and clear-minded body of I eager psychologists arrives on a spot reputed to be haunted the ghost quietly vamooses the ranch till the searchera leave, and so as j years go on alleged visitations from ! spirits are getting more and more generally j attributed, by all except those to whom they j occur, to disordered digestion or to a too lurid ! imagination stimulated by frequent nips of alcohol. Still from time to time a story of ghostly visitation is told and stoutly stuck to j by the narrator. The latest has been causing | a little storm in a teacup among the folk of Halton Holegate, a small village near Spilsby, in Lincolnshire. The house where it is alleged unnatural goings ou take place is occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Wilson and a man servant, and is situated a little way back from the road. Mrs Wilson's story, as told to a Daily Mail reporter, run3 thus: — 'We came! here on Lady Day last. The first night or so we heard very strange noises about midnight, as though someone was knocking at the door and walls. Once it seemed as though some one was moving all the things about in a hurry downstairs. Another time the noise was like a heavy picture falling from the wall, but in the morning I found everything as right as it was the night before. The servant man left saying he dared not stop, and we had to get j another. Then about six weeks ago I saw something. Before getting into bed — my husband having retired before mo — I went downstairs to see the cow, and just as I whs about to go up again I eaw an old man standing at the top looking at me. He was stand ing as though he werfl very round-shouldered. How I got past I can't say, but I darted past him into the bedroom and slammed the door. Afterwards I felt that some one was behind me. I turned round sharply, and there again stood the same old man. He quiokly vanished, but 1 am quite certain I saw him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quite so distinctly.' Mrs. Wilson then con ducted her interviewer to the sitting- room, where a gruesome discovery had been made. The floor in one corner had been very uneven, and a day or two ago Mrsi Wilson took up tbe bricks with tlie intention of relaying them. No Boonor had she done this than a most dis agreeable odor was emitted. Her suspicions being aroused sho called her husband, and the two commenced a minuM examination. Three or four bones were soon turned over, together with a gold ring and several pieces of old black Silk. All these bad evidently been buried in quicklime. Asked what her own opinion of the affair was, Mrs. Wilson confidently asserted her belief that at some time or other foul play had taken place. She was fully persuaded in her own mind with re gard to the apparition, and though it was Bug geBted she might have been mistaken she dis daiued the idea as being beneath notice. Dr. Gay, a local medical man, to Whom the bones have been (submitted, states that they are uu^ doubtedly human, but he believes them to be ucarly 100 years old. We are still waiting Jov an elucidation of the mystery surrounding the Emperor of Ger' niany's black eye. Kaiser Wilhelm, it will be remembered, sustained au injury to his eye tin board hie yacht the Hohenzullern some three weeks b#6. It was said to have been caused by the Ml of a rope from a mast. Many para graphs went the found of the press as to the accident, giving circumstantial details as to how it happened, and on the day after a further paragraph gave tho details of a fatal accident which had befallen Lieutenant von Hahnke, one of the officers on board the vacht, which . was thnto lying off Odde, in Norway. The young lieutenant, so the tele graph told lie, landed from the yacht to go cycling on the morning of the day following that upon which the Gcrtrmn Emperor had re ceived his black eye, and 'on au abrupt declivity leading dbwnto the Sahdymi Luke JostcoUtroiof his machine and went straight; ititothesseS,' wherehe waeldrowneii. Iu to-day's ' 'Trtih Mr. liabouehere Baya ;-^ ' My ^altftgraph ? ft fortnight ago reTSpeotittf Wife blafck eye tbe German' Smberot .unforwitiateljr ' received; during Wb yachting cruise,.tihd this aeattittext ;day of Lieutenant vfln.^Hfthnke, -Seems M have excited ft good deal of interest, *-!**&: jfar X have had too teattsfactory response, ttM8fr requfest for information: One 'borresportftirt x*fmiiiB has been in feominunictttioh with^fl^ ?eflitor Wtj, wellfaWwn OtePtuan «ewBp»WS This .«enUema% .wb;oSBK.-*i»W -I 4m $» ?sartnfljr ' -fefcbie : ^;%vuigW ,-Idw ; wm netiy' nor' dofes he.^dmit .the 'truthMs 'certain1 'statements whfoh jweve ' Jput 'beJJI i i£#isfiiiiiill tins, bnt in hia letter he pointedly palls attention to the severity of the German press laws, and adds that he 'can not supply any information likely to cost htm six months or more/9' . 'What is the mystery underlying the Emperor's black eye, and is the injury to the Imperial optio in any way con nected With tbe death of young Lieutenant Von Hahnke ? Why should the details of the affair, if- published, be likely to cost an editor 'six months or more F' , There has' been another addition to the list of personswho are entitled to be called 'Honor- able.' Not long ago Ministers, ex-Ministers, and Legislative Councillors who were legally authorised to carry. that handle to their names in any of the colonies were permitted to assume it while in any portion of the Empire, inolud ing Great Britain. Within the last few days the Queen as the fountain of honor has been pleased to announce that the children of life peers, whether living or dead, should be styled 11 honorable,' and should rank immediately after the younger sons and daughters of barons, and before baronets. It is strange that so much importance should be attached to a title which in this country at any rate is never used. No son of a peer is ever intro duced, except at a lovee, save as 'plain Mr. Blank, nor does he ever inscribe his courtesy title on his_ visiting cards. The distinction of honorable is something like the guinea with which tbe Vicar of Wakefield 'presented each of his daughters. It is given on condition that it should never be used. A Parliamentary paper on the importation of wines shows a considerable decline in the consumption of those which contain a large percentage of alcohol. In 1S95 the grand total from Spain was 4,045,931 gallons ; in 1896 it had fallen to 3,712,335. Portuguese wine has been about stationary, and the propor tionate reduction in Madeira was even greater than in the case of Spanish, for it fell from 94,899 gallons to GO, 71& But the consump tion of light wines has largely increased. Frauco shipped to this country 4,439,413 gallons in IS'M as against 4,23t,838 in 1895 ; Germany also advanced, and there was a slight increase from Italy. The imports from Australasia are very significant, for tbey have grown from 606,627 Ri.lljns to 696,959, which is, however, only about 5 per cent, of the total consumption of wine in the United Kingdom. The Legislature of Massachusetts has taken an important %tep towards preserving certain rare and beautiful birds from extinction. A recent law makes it an offenca punishable by fine or imprisonment 'to wear for purposes of dress or ornament, or to sell or have in possession the bodies or feathers of birds used for adornment of articles of attire.' As may well be imagined this regulation has caused dire consternation in millinery circles, to say nothing of ladies of fashion. The law seems to insist on the removal of the feathers and wings bought before June 11, on which date the new Act came into force. There is nothing new under the sun. Adver tising, or at any rate bill posting, has been regarded as a modern invention, but the latest discovery at Herculaneum shows that the Romans were pastmasters in the art of publicity. A column has recently been found in the streets of that buried city 'very closely resembling the structures to be seen on the boulevards of Paris, which serve as the basis for all sorts oi picture posters and other announcements. Upon the surface of the column layers of advertisements, Btuck one on top of another, have been preserved for nearly 2,000 years under a layer of lava and scoriae. The sheets, which are of papyrus, have been separated by judicious trefltment, and enough of ihe inscriptions have been deciphered to show that they relate to theatrical performances, public meetings, and electoral addresses. The substance employed instead of 'bill-stickers' paste' was pure gum arable. In connection with the visit of the Duke and Duchess of York and the impetus given to trade by their reception an important state ment showing the material progress now being made in Ireland has been made by Mr. Horace Plunkett, M.P., one of tho persons who started the Agricultural Organisation in Dublin. Mr. Plunkett said that Irish farmers were taldag kindly to co-operation and beginning to see that their salvation lies in their own efforts. The society considered that it had a perfect right to aek for the assistance of the State, because 'the whole of our Irish industries were destroyed by English legisla tion except one, and that one has been re duced until it mainly consists in the growing of one crop, and that crop the most precarious and uncertain of all others. Therefore we contend that we have a perfect right to go to the State, which has destroyed our industries, to ask for its help to build them up again.' The co- operative dairies wete doing splendid work, and the introduction of machiuery into dairies, and the consequent substitution of factory manufacture for home butter making, has done much to restore Irish butter to its old place. There are at the present time in Ireland 83 co operative dairying societies and 10 auxiliary societies. The cost of their building and plant may be estimated at £50,000, their output in 1896 was about £300,000. aud their total mem bership was 8,750. There was an improvement in the quality of the butter produced, but there waB something still to be desired in this direc tion, and in the style of packing butter for market. The society was not con6ning its operations to dairying, for it was enabling farmers to purchase everything they re quire — such as seeds, manures, feeding stuffs, implements, and machinery — on the best pos Bible terms. At the present moment there were 93 dairying and auxiliary societies with 8,700 members, 46 agricultural societies with 3,865 members, 3 banks with 138 members, and 4 miscellaneous societies with 1,537 member!!, and 2 federations, making a total of 148 separate bodies with 14,290 members. The sooioty would not be satisfied until they had an Irish Minister for Agriculture. There were now five different departments in Ireland which had to do with farmers— the Local Government Board, the Irish Board .of Works, the Congested Districts Board, the Land Commission, aud the Veterinary Department of the Privy Council. The result of all this overlapping is that when farmers were advised to spray their potatoes four different placards were issued by various bodies on the same sub ject. Mr. Plunkett is opposed to Home Rule, but thinks Ireland must be shown that there is an alternative policy upon which she can live and thrive. . ' Almost simultaneous with the statement of Mr. Plunkett was the speech of the Duke of Devonshire to the Skifton Agricultural Sooiety. He urged that farmers should pay more and- more attention to breeding horses, cattle, and sheep, and he argued that tbe bur dons upon land ware still excessive. He pointed out that the Duke of Bedford had shown that on a great estate reclaimed by his ancestors from the eea at their own cost during a period of between 60 And 70 years the pay ments to Inlperial and local taxation had Seen -equivalent to nine-tenths of the «et revenue which it had produced to its owners. He alluded to the present good harvest and high prices for wheat, but this gleam ot sunshine, dia not make him alter his opinion that stock M*l far toore important to the British farmer Wto crops could possibly be. f % visit ct President Faure io St. Petews iK^B has been more successful titan the moat BttBtuine Frenchman would mve «k$ieofced. Sf aoubti «s to the dose ana-frtefidlysre.: Wtfom now -*5»iBtMig. between ^mttbe a«*3 l&isift; wore (-ut «n «na- to to. iSio^ernft iffibloyed Iby the Czar at i&e; 4u«t-h fciwea Illliis honor pn .board, the SPothivre. ??- The . ~. — ^^i '?* ? Frenoh President had spoken in general term* ;0 about the intimate friendship between the Ssro*,* countries, and had used the words 'united ';- and allied.' But the Gear went much further, ' :S vcl returning thanks for the manner in which . ^ his health had been drunk, and said in bo many y;; words that tbe two nations were 'united ana allied.' The full significance of this expres- ...^ eion « is not diminished by the Czar's : :- statement that the two nations were,. equally resolved to contribute with all *' their power to the maintenance of the. peace of the world in a spirit of right aha ? equity. ' No person has up to tbe presenb - pretended that he knows what the exact terms of the treaty are, but there seems no reason to doubt that during President Faure's stay at , St. Petersburg one of alliance, offensive and de- - fensive, was aotually signed, and all France is jubilant at the announcement. She is no ? longer isolated ; she is in fact, as well as in name, one of fhe Great Powers of Europe, and she has regained that influence in the councils of the world that she lost in 1870. The impor tance of this alliance to France cannot be over* estimated. It is an open secret that three oc four years after the collapse of France tha German military authorities, seriously alarmed at the ease with which the war indemnity had . been paid and the power of recuperation * displayed by the republic, contemplated » renewed attack before her army reforms had been carried out. The plot miscarried owing to the good offices of the Queen of Great) Britain and the Emperor of Russia.. Franca has been ever grateful to the latter, although she soon forgot her indebtedness to this oountry, and she regards the present treaty as the legitimate outcome of the magnanimity displayed by the Czar's predecessor. The most important question to countries outside France and Russia is the effect which the new treaty of alliance will have upon the foreign poiicy of the two . contracting nations. It is tolerably certain that the Czar bass no intention of assisting France to regain possession of Alsace tand Lor raine, or of doing anything to incur the hos tility of Germany, with whom itistheinterestof Russia as well as the inclination of its autocrat to keep ou good terms. Nor is there any reason to suppose that either of the two Powers has any designs against Austria Huneary. The private friendship which exists amongst monarchs may have very little eifecb upon the foreign policy of their people, but on the present occasion there does not seem to be ' any variance between the personal feelings of the three emperors and the interests of the three nations. The country which has most reason to dread the possible outcome of the new alliance is Great Britain. Our interestsironflicd with those of Russia in India and at Constanti nople. Russia is our avowed enemy both in equatorial Africa and Egypt. At the present moment it would appear' as if England were the only European nation which is prepared to befriend Greece. Lord Salisbury is willing to incur considerable risk in order to prevent) Thessaly from remaining in the clutches of Turkey, but the other Powers appear to be per* fectly indifferent^ and Russia, which has always cast a greedy eye upon Constanti nople, may regard the present as a very suitable time for gratifying her ambition and carrying out her traditional policy. It is no doubt true that Greece does not deserve the trouble which has been taken to preserve her autonomy ; her politicians fighb and squabble while the Moslem is devastating A Christian territory, and her Ministry is too deeply engaged in a struggle for its own existence to Becond tbe exertions which are being made to Spare her from tbe financial control of Germany. But the feeling of this country is so strong against a ChriBtian people being governed by Turkish Pashas that England is prepared to make any and every sacrifice to prevent such a calamity, even though the attitude of our Ambassador towards the Caliph may increase our . un popularity amongst the Mohammedan pbpula tion of India, and place additional weapons in : the hands of the fanatical priests who are ? preaching a Holy War against us on thenorth-.'''-? western frontier of India. Onr Foreign Office rl: will have enough to do in order to counteract ???'???? the intrigues which may at any moment be commenced against our power and influence. It is perhaps fortunate that at the present very critical moment Parliament is not sitting, and the hands of Lord Salisbury and Mr. Curzon are not being forced by the questions and sug gestions of irresponsible members of Parlia ment, whose principal anxiety is to see their names in print, and to gain a reputation amongst their constituents for unceasing watchfulness. An unsuccessful attempt made by Sling M'Wanga, of Uganda, to revolt against) British rule has resulted in his defeat and precipitate retreat into German territory. This sable potentate has given an enormous amount of trouble. It was he who ordered the murder of Bishop Hannington, and be has always persecuted Christianity, and especially Protestantism in any form. With the aid of Dr. Peters ho nearly succeeded in ousting the British out of Uganda, and he never took kindly to the agreement by which the British and German spheres were finally settled. But it must be admitted that his position was diffi- .--?:' cult He had to contend against Catholics, ??.' Protestants, and Mohammedans, and when ha managed to get some relief 'from his troubles by expelling the latter, so soon as the Catholics and.. Protestants commenced to make war against each othes the exiles returned. M'Wanga sided with the Catholics, bull the Protestants got the upper hand, and he had to flee. Next the Moham medans proclaimed their chief M'Bogo King of Uganda. This caused the intervention of Captain Lugard, who attacked the Catho- - lies, obtained possession of the monarch, who at ouce became a Protestant, and replaced him on the throne. Since that epoch matters have quieted down a little, M'Wanga has been peaceable, and it appeared as if Uganda ' were about to enjoy the blessings of settled! ' government. But the progress made in laying the railway from Mombassa to the lake. caused him to realise that if he waa ever to reign with bis former unbridled power he must shake off the suzerainty of England. He mode his effort, was defeated, and has now joined the long roll of exiled Afrioan princes. It remains to oe seen what Germany will do , with him. . ^ . The admirers of Robert Burns, and their number is legion, will not be muchedified by. the new edition of what is termed the 'Clarinda Correspondence,' which contains the letters of: the poet to Mrs. McLehoze, a lady to whom he gave that fanciful cognomen. Her maiden name was Agnes Craig ; Bhe was the daughter of a. Glasgow surgeon, and first cousin to Lord} . Craig, a judge of the court of session. Born ' in 1759, the fame year as Burns bimeelf, .she . married at the age of 17 a Mr. McLehoze, ft Glasgow lawyer. They lived together lor four ;. \ years, at the expiration ot whioh a separation ; was agreed upon. The husband went ^Jo:.; Jamaica, and she remained behind -?|tl» .;?' her friends at Edinburgh.. She is.«sipjpei«VV.V; eented as being pretty, sprightly, and^cjes^r, , J;= and when ehe met the poet in;'*he ?flutomi[«fY^S 1787 she fell in love with him.. mt-Smmg,^ was fiokle. Previous .to .3^ ?date*ei|pe|^| certain love passages w»tt ijeto ATOCM,*Jjfl.fe| « in April, 1768k ueaiamedifflr. .-»BiSwaJB?!»--^ was furious. She 'called the poet.Sft^«UMn,v :/;-; defended nunself *y Wtng ^^^^Wm/-^ made love to her *' ie ,wu no* under; Jtn* ,, ?-= SKS«etpia» BurnB?' '^?»R«tog-^ notimiWoVB tnattors very muoo, for -. ?jjfj!4wPiJi'i« moet Wwe iinoere in the passionatelanguocelwi :t ? addressed to'plarindft he would aoaruBiy.'Jijaye ;:??.?; imrtmed iripther woman four montbB^i^rw^ ?wards. The general opinion is that there was nothing immoral in the relations between Burns and Mrs. McLehoze, but she was cer tainly indiscreet, since her husband was alive and she was not a free woman. It was scarcely becoming in her to encourage the attentions of a suitor who certainly was not likely to be content to wait for the death of Mr. McLehoze, who at that time was only 33 years of age, even although he was residing in the ?tropics. A peruBal of the correspondence would almost make one believe that the 'gay, dark-eyed, lady- killing, .young farmer poet' was not much more particular in his love affairs than some other men of genius who flourished a short time afterwards. 