THE LADIES' COLUMN. ONE DAY AT A TIME. What an unspeakable comfort in the thought, if we would only stop in the midst of our worries and reflect upon it ! Only the griefs, losses, petty trials, and vexatious of one day to be met and con quercd in that day ! If the busy, over-burdened housekeeper stopped to think on Monday morning of the thousands of steps to be taken before the coming Saturday night, of the piles of garments to be washed, ironed, mended, or made, the pies and loaves to be baked, the rooms to be swept, dusted, and scrubbed, the meals to be cooked and cleared away, the dishes to be washed, the blackings of the cooking-stove and the polishings of brasses that must make up the week's total, she would turn her face to the wall and ask to die in her bed, then and there. If the school-teacher allowed herself to calculate the number of slates and exer cises to be corrected, the copies to be set, the recitations to be heard, the childish quarrels to be settled, the refractory pupils to be reasonued with or punished, tihe reports to be made out, she could never summon strength to walk to the school. But, happily, the saleswoman need only nerve herself for the countless steps, the selfish exactions of customers, the em ployer's frowns, one day at a time; the little type-writer has blessed intervals of rest from the weary click-click of her Re mington; the dressmaker, the milliner, the factory girl, the workwosmat of any calling need not look ahead for more than eight or ten hours; and if site is wise, and wants to reach a green old age, she will take no special tlhougt or care for the morrow, unless, indeed, she happens to be on the staff of a paper or magazine, and even then site can plan her work so that no day need be more burdensome than another. The old woodcutter in the ancient fable, who bade his sons try to break a thick bundle of faggots, and when they failed showed them how easily the sticks could be broken one at a time, was ex ceedingly wise in Ihis day and generation. Tihe womne who anticipate wrinkles and grey hair by being constantly apprehen sive of them, are sure to grow old before their time; while the jolly, cheerful woman who resolutely refuses to think of them keeps her bright eyes, her rosy cheeks, her smooth brow.- her unfrosted locks to the latest possible moment. The well-lo-do-business man who allows his thoughts to dwell on the possibility of future poverty, is in danger of missing all the comnfort and happiniess his money might procure for himself and others ; but the healtlh-minded man who believes in one day at a time, and one world at a time, sheds joy and mirth, charity and kindliness, hope and help around him while he lives, to say nothing of the living green in vwhichs the memory of hint is kept after his death. With proper mlanagelment we may sandwich comufort, rest, and pleasure with our daily tasks. IBut whatever we do and whatever we may leave undone, let not the ghost of to-morrow haunt us ! 