A Tale of the War, book: i. The Man-Trap that was Sprung in Vienna CHAPTER. VIII. 'Ob ! the bane onward ! ' snapped the countess, who looked db tbongh abe oonld with plcBBtiro use her protiy finger-nails upon the face of the man who thus t stampad hoi. as lacking common-eoDflo. ' 'Yon oodfcrBtanii what J mean, you Roa sinn woloh-dop. Colonel John Paul has been warned fbe is looking ont for you with a ro.rpJver, aotl when he does fire you will know it.' ?HWhat! Do yon threaten me, pnppy— mi\& un'fJermy qwnrroof, too ? I shall hovejyot^ arrested and looker) up. It is but a change' of namrs, after all,' dpolared the other. 'Stop! You forget, counr, tbat . snob action will exposo your, wife to the . sneers i of the world — tbat it will disgrace you to prove thai she was carrying on an amour' 'wth a nobody.'*'*. ' ' 'Malediction.! I forgot 1 ' he cried agbBBtjfor that would be disgrace indeed ; were a prince or a hero intblved it might not matter. Kobalt leant forward and spoke softly ; Kobalt, who was aocused of dealing with nil manner and onditlous of men, and- knew how to jraio an end in a roundabout way. The count brightened op, an it was evident r tbat new H^bt bad dawned upon his sorely-. p'etplexed brain; bis fioroonoss returned, and b'is mbustaobfl fairly' bristled as he glowered upon the objeot before him — the objeot who preserved his cool attitude as though cariDg not a snap of bis fingers what happened' 'Aba I we shall haro you yofc, my friend, if not on one charge, tbon on another. The papsrs in my room are strowu abont — you are a thief come to rob me.' Kobalt says wo ?ball undoubtedly .find evidences ,of your knavery upon your person/ Consider your self under arrest, fellow.' The count said this with the grandiloquent air of a' general oh dress parade. It bad only tnseffeot of- causing the Inihmon to laugh aloud. ' In my country! prinoo, we have a saying tbat when yon mean to make a rabbit stew, the first thing to be done is to get your rabbit? ' Well, have we not got him— are we not fqnrtoooe? Only a fool would think of resist ance, since it oiist mean death.' 'W-ll, lam jnsl tbat fool then, prince. You say you have got me in a hole. Now, to mv mind, the boos is on the other Jeg.1 'EhP You do not surrender P You would have us stain ' the carpet with your blood?' ? Yes, kill tbofbeait ! Rudolf, I will never forgive you if yoa allow him1 to go ; he bhai made me oat a fool— he moats suffer ! ' cried the pretty countess ; whioh shewed tbat beauty and gentleaeis do not always go band in hand. ** ; ' ' ''. 1 After you, oonnt — after you. I am ready to give up the ghost here and now j my life doesn't amount to muob, anyhow ; but;' ?winging his revolver into a line with 'the count's head and holding it steadily, ' before I go I'll send your soul to your master, Satan!' ? The Russian was seized with a sadden qualm of dead ly 'f earT''b'e~TJellevea-'t nIff~aaTe-'devTI' meant to let him have the oontents of that weapon point-blank, and being by nature only a blustering coward, his soul dropped into. his military boots, so to speak ; at any rate, tha mercury of his composition tumbled to a point that waB away below freezing. 'Ba 'threw out his hands impulsively, aa though to ward off the lead that threatened to be flying in ; his direction before * many ceeonda had passed. ? ' Hold, , do not fire. Kobalt I do you see him, and fail to interfere ? Help me, man,' Tbe chief of police read the game better. 1 If I make tbe attempt he will surely fire. He is a tough customer to handle. I would; not 'endanger the highness's life,' be said, qnidlly. * Endanger my life 1 Confound it, man, it is'in a bad eondition now. lam looking into six deaths yonder, and the finger of '8 \- orassy man on the trigger. Any second may be my last.' 1 Keep back, all of you, or the count is a dead man,' warned O'Shea, fancying be de tected a movement on tbe part of the woman ? in bis direction, and most of all be dreaded any action of hers, for she was hardly in the con dition to be reasonable. 'It is aa 1 thought,' remarked Kobalt, in Gorman, whioh he imagined, wrongly, the enemy 'might not understand; ' bo moans to hold the advantage until be can aocompliah a certain purpose. Whatever it may bo; pre tend to aoqnioBoe until snah opportunity arrives wben we may turn the tables.' 4 Don't worry,' remarked O'Shea, conten tedly; ' when that time comes I shall be able to tske oaro of myBelf, and do some damage besides.' -Kobalt, thus dolooteJ in his cunning, bung his head. He was a bold man, but even snob moot thoir match sometimes, and he was free to confess that in this unknown bo had found a man well worthy of his' mettle1,' !? Tollitno what yonr riamandn are? ' began tho count,' wearied of trying to dodge that levelled weapon, whiob kopt on n line with his faoe continuously. ' You are onxions, count,' sucored the O'Sbra. ?I wonld get froe from tbat Infernal re volver. : ft is not pleesnnt to look at death — -to shako lahda with him— to sse niflrnook fng smile. Parblou I speak and tell me what you wish.' ? You will obey ?' 1 Ye»i yes ; anything, to be rid of this feoltpg that scams to haye mo hanging over the'edg'e of a grave— anything at all I' ?The count was in full retreat ; since life was in danger ho oared nothing for all also. Even reputation' wax, in his oyos, a mere bauble without life. It la the motto ot a coward tbe world over ; brave men imperil and isorifioe lifo in dofonce of roputation. ? Then listen — all of you. Obey me, and I promise to spare tho oount's lifo. If any one tries to deceive mo— piffl and tho candle —hli lifo— gooB out. Form in line ; you, XobftU, and tbe oounr, loqfc arms. Turn your baoks towards mo. Lot tho other two gentleman do tbe same thoro, in front of tho general end tho count, for I will havo notUag pome botween mo and tbe objoot I moan to put a bullet into if nooemmty,' Tlioy oboyod him like pupriats. Now there resnainod but one person, the countess; and ' it'^was in this qunrtor O'Shoa expected ''the most trouble. ! 1 ? Madamo, be so kind as to -'head tho procession.' (To be Continued.) 