BENCH AND BAR * ? IN AUSTRALIA, Present and Past. No. VL ? SIB JOHN NODUS DICKIA'SON— MB. JUSTICE WISE. I Some Big JLaw Sails. ? , Tke Newtown Ejcctineut Case. I A Strong Bar Engaged. Plnnkett, Blake, Isaacs, Fancett, Bntler and Dalley— Blartiu, Darvall, Holyroyd, Mcy mottand Wise. To fill the judicial vacancy created by the removal of Sir William Burton to Madras, there came Mr JOHN NODES DICKINSON, who arrived in Sydney October 13tn, 1HH- his being the last English appointment. Mr Dickinson was born in the Island of Gran «da. West Indies, in 1806. After the usual jj early ichooling he entered Cains College, I Cambridge, where he had a highly successful i career, leaving with the privilege of h tacking the coveted letters, M.A., to hl3 Jk. name. He entered the Inner Temple and r* w*s called to the Bar in 1810, being then of I the mature age — for a student — of 'i years. I Four years after his admission he received I the appointment of puisne judge in V . New South Wales. Just here it Bf , may be noted that to- day no judge JT can be appointed in the colony unless _fi he be a barrister o£ at least five years' W- standing. Judge Dickinson, notvrithstaud i J iag nil lack of experience, appears to hare I proved himself a sound commercial lawyer, A one of the soundest of the old-time occu lt? pants of the Bench. In 1S4 5 he presided at iff what was considered a most important and ni intricate case— that of the Bank of Aus Rf tralia againet the Bank of Australasia— a I ? § ?xtit involving no less a sum than £170,00-J. ? The trial lasted over 12 dajB, and ended in M the jury fceing equally divided. To prevent Wt . a repetition and save expense the next trial I was at Bar, the three judges sitting. This I procedure prevents the necessity of an li appeal to the Full Co art. Trials at Bar are ? not of frequent occurrence in the Australian ? colonies— there btiug, we think, only two on ^L record — the one alluded to above, and that W of Cornish and Brace, contractors foi the I*, Mount Alexander Bailway, against the I ! Government of Victoria in the sixties. The I 1 trial at Bar in the bank case lasted 20 days, ti that of Cornish and Bruce dragged its slow K length for 50 days, and then ended in a m verdict of 40e, which, however, was merely W a legal fiction, as the contractors secured an I enormous eum under the verdict when I accounts were taken. At the Victorian trial I the contractors— or, rathe* the bank, the I actual plaintiffs— engaged all the leading V talent before the Government was aware of ¥ the position. The Crown had a strong man, 1 however, in the Attorney-General, the late r George Higinbotbam, who was- assisted by % E A Billing, Q.O, and a junior, f Another great trial, at which Judge | Cickinton presided, was that known in legal I circles as the Newtown Ejectment Case. As I it forma a page in the legal annals of the I . colony it may be ebottly stated, in the I Roman Catholic Cemetery in Devonshire I street, may be seen a well-preserved altar I tomb, on which may be read, in addition, to I Other particulars, the following inscription : I Also, I NICHOLAS DEVISE, I Who dejarted tUieliteou tbe L 2Hth Mar, 1880, f Ab'rf 101 Years. I Devine was born at Burrin, in the County I Cavan, Ireland, in the year 1736, and came | to Botany Bay as Superintendent of Convicts with Governor Phillip in the first fleet He held that office for 25 years, and in recogni tion of his services received from Governor 1 i Maoqnarie ' a grant uf land adjoining the town of Sydney, afterwards called New town, to the extent of 210 acres.' In bis closing years, Devine bad living with him, as an assigned servant, oi rather guardian, as , he was enfeebled in mind and body, one Bernard Bouhf ord, who had been transported for life. In 1827 Define executed a con veyance of all bis property, teal and per sonal, to Bochford. After the death of the centenarian, Eochibrd sold the whole of the property, which in a few years became extremely valuable, consequent upon the extension of the city, the increase of popu lation, and the healthy and improved con dition of that suburb. The increase in value reached the ears of Devine's relatives in Ire ' land, and tUe grand nephew and heirat law of the original grantee came to Sydney, and formally laid claim to the whole estate on the ground that the conveyance of 1627 was A FRAUD AND A FOEG-ERY, it being alleged that at the time the con veyance was executed Eerine was, and had been for some time previously, insane. It will be remembered that when the convey ance was executed Devine bad passed the century by one year ! Few men like Sir Moses Uouteiiore retain their genscB at 101 years of ace. Another plea urged by tUe claimant was that under the then existing law a prisoner of the Crown for life— as Kochioid was admitted to be — could not legally bold or dispose of real estate. At the fiist trial in Wn'3 the defendants— the ??? ' occupiers — gained a rerdict. An appeal waB Was made to the Privy Council, who granted a new trial, end, after a lapse of live years, this took place— Augnstand September, 1857 —lasting :M days. This trial was presided over by Judge Ijickinson. l'wenty-six gon (tlemen defended their homesteads. The im portance of the trial may be gauged by tue Btrength of the Bar employed, for the grand nephew and heir-at-law there appeared John Bubeit Plunkett, Q.C., Isidore M. Blake, Q.O. (an eminent lawyer who had practised in Westminster and the Four Courts, Dublin), B. SI. Isaacs, Peter Faucet}, Edward Butler, and WiUiatn Bede Bailey, instructed ~oy Mr. James Greer. For the jentlomon defending their homesteads were the Attorney-General, JameB Martin, 3. B. Darvall, -J.C, A. I. Holreyd, F. W. Mey inott, and Edward Wise, instructed by Messrs. lohntoa and Johnson. Ol the above eleven eminent counsel not one now lives. On this 1- occasion the verdict was again for the de I ' fenrioclF, but to prevent further litigation I they agreed to glre the plaintiff a lump I inn: a« compensation to which he agreed, I and Uiu lawsuit ended. I 1 he trial was interesting from tbe nature I ' of the testimony -given by many 'old hands' 1: M to their knowledge of Nicholas Devine I and hu Labite, In 1822 be was living at the 'A term at Kcfftown, which he called ? JJurren,' T* alter his native piace. 2he neighborhood II las been made notorious in recent years — || Bumn- filrcet— aa the residence of the II ]?AEY MURDERER, MAKIN v-J|sr- In the year named the farm was attacked '«?: ty bushr.'.ngeis, who beat Uovino and his J^R wife onaierdfully a»d left them for dead. IHiJs An attault §uch as the reports ot tbe time IBhIV describe on a man of 94 ywns ot age would ^Bf mtx likely impair faculties weakened ty age, and reader him a prey to designing persons. At tbe age of 82 yean Devine went to England with Governor Bligb to give evidence at the court martial which cashiered Colonel Johnstone. Like the colonel, Devine returned to the colony and his beloved chain gangs, but shortly after retired from his billet, and went to live on his farm, where he remained, as Plunkett described him at the trial, ' A. LEAN AND SLIPPERHD PANTA LOON, ' sans teeth, sans taste, sons sense, sans every thing,' until the Beaper Death claimed him in May 1830. The claimant, Edward Devine, occupies a grave alongside that of the old man. He appears to have arrived in 1846 to prosecute his claim, but died in 1S57, a couple of monthB after the settlement had been arrived at, the litigation appearing to have extended over a period of 10 years. Is the fifties New South Wales was free from pettifogging lawyers of the DODSON AND FOGG- TYPE, who took up cases on 'Bpee.' and 'as 8am Welloi pots it in - Bardell and Pickwick,' not look for costs unless they got them out of the other side. Suitors in the fifties had to find funds, or the courts were not put in motion. Sir Dickinson was created a Knight Bachelor in 16fiO, and in February 1861 retired on his pension. This lie lived to enjoy for 21 years, dying at Borne in Mutch 1882, aged TO yean. JOHN HUBERT PLUNKETT. All the barristers engaged in the Devine ejectment case were eminent then, or rose to eminence after wards. John Hubert Plun kett was a conspicuous figure in the Imperial era of the colony, and from his standing— politically, legally, and socially — is entitled to extended notice, which he will have later on. Isidore M Blake was an able lawyer, and was a Queen's Counsel at home. In New South Wales and Queensland he en joyed a large practice, and died as a District Court judge in the northern colony. He was a very eccentric man, and many amus ing anecdotes are on record as to his pecu- liarities. On a sweltering hot day in Queensland, where the coach stopped to dine and wine its passengers, Blake was missed from the table. Search being made, he was discovered immersed in the only barrel of water the hotel possessed, the luxury of a cold bath being of more im portance to him than the convenience of the thirsty customers of the bush public house. He had a great fondness for eggs, fresh butter and peas. At breakfast he had been known to annex all the eggs, chip each one, smell it, and lay it aside as if tainted. The dodge used to take with 'persons to whom Blake was a stranger. No one would touch eggs, and the barrister had the lot to himself. In the matter of green peas he simply repeated the old trick of carrying a snuff-box filled with white pepper, and when the dish came to the table a liberal supply of 'snuff' prevented anyone but himself from enjoying the delicacy. Personally, Mr Blake fills the bill in the anecdote recorded of John Philpott Corran, who, on being told that a certain barrister had gone circuit with' a single shirt and one guinea, said, 'I'll make a wager that he will return without changing either.' In Blake's case the guinea might be changed, but the other article stood the chance of coming back as it went— un- changed. Mr Isaacs was an able lawyer, father of the Sydney Stipendiary Magistrate, and has occupied political office In New South Wales. He was a member of the Legislative Council in 1661, and formed one of 'THE INDIAN FILE * that at tbe command of Captain ' Bobby * Towns followed Eir William Burton out of the Chamber, and so for a time burked the Robertson Land Bill. In the Martin Minis try of 1666, Mr Isaacs was Soli oi tor-General, in which capacity he appeared with Attor ney-General James Martin at the prosecu tion of the lunatic O'Farrell, for shooting tbe Duke of Edinburgh at a Bailor's Home picnic at Clontarf. It will be remembered that O'Fairell'B devoted sitter retained the late 'Tom' Pavey, the well-known Melbourne Bolioitor, and the wit! of the Victorian Bar, BtJTLER COLE ASPINALL, to assist Dalley in the defence ol her unfor tunate brother. A special commission was appointed, Judge Cheeke presiding, to try the lunatio. Aspinall applied for a pest ponement. in order to obtain witnessestrom Victoria and other places as to the sanity of tne-aceused. Xhis was assented to, but Mr Isaacs wished that the names of all wit nesses for the defence ehould be first submitted to the Law OiiicerB of tho Ciowa in order that their antecedents might be carefully enquired into t Parkes' Kinma ghost bad almost npset the reasoning powers of the old lawyer. Martin's common sense, however, prevailed ; he would not allow any such espionage. Tbe end of the O'Farrell trial is a matter of history— and regret. Mr Peter Faucett, after a short political life, accepted a Jutlgoahip, and will be 'men tioned' again, as will alsu that great lawyer, Edward Uutler. Mr \V B Dalloy was folly dealt with biographically a few weeks ago, on the occasion of the inauguration ot a statue to his memory in Hyde Park, Sydney. No history of Bench and Bar in Australia can be complete without an exhaustive notice of SIR JAMES MARTIN, nor can tiie name ot John Bayley Darvall ba omitted. Mr Holroyd was in politics for some time, and filled the office of Minister for Works in the Martin Ministry of 1663, his peculiar fitness for the office being deter mined by the fact that he waa the pnahing and speculative proprietor of certain pottery works at Parramatts, which he personally superintended in tbe intervals or us legal practice. Mr Holroyd, in the year I860, hold a District Court Judgeahip, and preside! at one, at least, memorable trial. Dr LaBg, as everybody knows, had a tongue us keen ts a razor, and a pan that must have beam dipped in galL He was no reapecterot persons, aud, as a journalist, when he sfcrnok the blow fell heavily. Captain McDonald, whose soldierly form was well-known about town, bud some domestio trouble to which Dr Lang alluded in a letter to the 'Umpire' newspaper. In March, 1*60, Captain McDonald mit tbe old doclot— he was that Over CO jes.r« of age— in Hunteratreet, op.* posite the shop formerly kept by Henry Parkes^sr the sale of toys^ etc.. and as saulted him with o. stout horeuwhip. Tho dally press was indignant et what was termed u savage assault by a man of re- maTkuble vi?or and power on a clergyman. After cons.-liig friends, th« doctor laid an information, and the captain was micetcd. He whs immediately bailed out, and aDoeored at the Polios Court neit rooming before -Captain Scott, and a bench full of old identity J.'sP. The doctor ap p3ared to plead his own cause, while the gallant captain was represented by Messrs Ice ton and Cory. Dr Lang described the assault as being a most ferocious one, many blows having been struck on the upper arm and shoulder, the inarks being still visible. In addition to the whip, the captain would appear to have used his fists, and aa be waa a pastmaster in the. fistic art the doctor Buffered. The captain ex plained to tbe maltreated doctor that he might consider himself lucky in being aa old man, or he would have given him more. Mr Iceton endeavored to elicit the cause of the assault, but the bench would not admit the evidence. Doctor Lang said he did sot know the captain personally, aud when he demanded his name the latter flung his card contemptuously upon the pavement. McDonald was committed for trial, on bail, self £100 and two sureties of £50 each. At the trial before Judge Holroyd, some days later, McDonald pleaded guilty, and urged in. mitigation the letter published by Sr Lang iu the 'Empire,' in which allusion was made to his divorce from his first wife, and bis marriage to the lady who then occu pied that position— a daughter of John Terry Hughes, aud a granddaughter of old 1 Sam' Terry, Tbe letter irritated him, and he hastily took the law into his own hands. The sentence was a fine of £5 and imprison ment until the fine was paid. Judge Hol royd added that if people would write letters to the press they must take the con sequences in the shape of punishment such as was inflicted on Dr Lang, or stand the chances of a civil action. For this expres sion of opinion tbe press of the day took Mr Hoboyd severely to task, and it is quite possible the press criticism was tbe cause of his retirement from the Bench and his return to politics. The.ludge and Dr Laug are dead; Mrs McDonaW has been gathered to her fathers, and the stalwart McDonald is, unhappily, in bis old age aa invalid. Mr Meymo'.t had a stormy and some what unenviable career as a District Court Judge in the northern part of the colony. Some queer stories of his tricks on hotel keepers are still kept in, memory. On one occasion at Taraworth, he is said to have lodged in the lockup, as no hotelkeeper in in the town would take him in ; they had- been 'taken in' by him, but they declined to return the compliment. Mr Edward Wise wbb born in the Isle of Wight, in Aagust, 1K18, and educated at Bugby. He was called to the Bar at Middle Temple in ISH, aud weat tho Western Circuit. 6ome law books by him are still amongst the 'authorities.' He edited the Qoeen'g Bench Law Keports for a time, and published a work on the law of riots and another on bankruptcy law. In 16S5 he arrived in Sydney, and at once took a fore most place at the Bar. For four months in 1867 be occupied the post of Solicitor General in the Ministry of HENRY WATSON PARKER, la October, 1859, he accepted office as Attorney-General in the Foreter Ministry, and retired from the position in February, 1860, to ascend the Benoh of the Bnpreme Court. Mr Wise was never a robust man. In September, 1865, he went oa a visit to Victoria in search of health, and died at St Kilda on the 28th of that month. Mr Justice Wise enriched the Free Public Library oi this colony by bequeathing to it hia valnable collection of books, a large number, of them being works connected- with the history of the Australian Coloaiea. The Judge left behind him a ton, Mr B B Wise, who seems destined to make his way at the Bar, and in politics. The Judge's widow died a few years back, and is buried in the old cemetery attached to the Chnrch of England at St. Paters. ? Uver her grave her eon has placed a handsome white marble tablet, on which is letters of gold we read the exquisite poem of the late Poet Laureate, Tennyson— 'CROSSING TliB B4&* 'Sunset and ereaiog star, And ono clear ciH for me \ And may tbere be no mounuig of tha bar When I put oat to ees. But send « tide, ss movlue-, seams asleep ; Too fall for sound and foam, Wlicn tliat whioh drew from out the boundless deep Torut again, home . Twilight end # veninf bell, And alter that the dark 1 And may then be no siducss ot farewell When I embark. Far though, from oat our boaroe of Time and Place, Ttie flood may bear me far, I hope to see 107 pilot face to faoe Tf hea I have croBt the bar.' All that remains of Bir John Nodes Dickin son in this colony is a naat tombstone in the 'old sandhills,' Belmore-raad, to the memory of an infant daughter, who died during her father's residence in Sydney. 