A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The Interestin’g Case of Mr Tuos Jarvis, who says that a few WEEKS AGO HE WAS CRIPPLED—PAR TIALLY Paralyzed, Suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors, Hospital Authorities, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MUST DlE as his Case was Hopeless. But • THEY WERE MISTAKEN. To DAY HE is a .New Man, full of Life and Energy, his Crutches he has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs have Life, iiis Appetite has Re turned, and in fact, he has a New Lease of Life Out and Out So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks ago :— One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year old baby, und his face decleared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary ques tions, he said: ‘‘You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.’’ , “ How long were you suffering ?” “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About live years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to givo up my billet at the Glebe Island.” “ What were the symptoms?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my hones in two in eveiy part of me. I had no control over my howles or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could ueither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions?” “ Did you make use of the order T' “ No; I came home and went t° bed, and hare been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give . up the ghost. My doctor was attend- j ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ' ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in coordinating voluntary movements. He told me that. I might last for teD years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show *• that medical opinion is not fallible.) [ Well, just as a drowning man will grnsp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describ- 1 \- ing the cure effected in the case of t another boiler-maker "in England, c which I read in the Australian Work man, by Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for e Pale People. I read in the advertise- < nient of a case which seemed to fit my f own. I determined to give the Pink j Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as £ it was magical. I was able to eat and f sleep as though nothing was the matter , with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It £ was incredible. I immediately left the ] bed and was able to move about. [ ( have taken four boxes of Piuk Pills , during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk < about with the aid of a stick, and am | gradually, hut surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see 1 those crutches here? They were made 1 for me before I got Dr. Williams’ Pink ( Pills, hut I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to 1 do without it. You see I am rapidly , regaining my strength.” “He is 100 per cent, better,” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “Dr. ! Williams’ Pink Pills have saved his life, and mado another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fort night previously. “I can now,” continued-. Jarvis “ have a cold hath, and all the feeling has come back to my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to he -able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to he in the very . pink of health ami strength to work at that trade. Iam batter to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years.. I ascribed all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruci ating pain. But they can stay were they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.” Such is the remarkable history, and confirms what is said in ail the chief newspapers of this country of the •astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. ! They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis and spinal disease, also the 1 many disorders which arise from an < impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indiges tion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, <fec. These pills are a tonic, not a purga tive. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr : Williams’ Medicine Compay, Queen’s Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt ! of stamps or post order one box for j}s 9d, of half doz3U for 14s £4, 