THE MERMAID AT RYE. [ALL RiGHTg RHSERVED,] rARt i. B* FLORENCE WARDEN. It is a picturesque spot, tnai ancient town of Rye, when the river runs full at the base of the rock on which it stands, and the little fishing boats, with their red-brown, patched nails, swim down on the tide to the eea. But when the tide has run out, and the mud-bankn fill the river's bed in a long grey line to the now distant sea, the old town, 1 with its narrow, steep streets of j small, close-packed houses, crowned with tho low pfjuare tower of the! ancient church', looks desolate in-j deed. I So thought Ned Marix as, on a chilly November afternoon, he made: his way slowly up into the town j from tho station, through a drizzle ofi rain which made the rough stones! slippery, and pattered down from' the overhanging eaves of the housesJ This was his iirst. visit to P,ye, and he seemed likely to get 110 " enthusiastic welcome. lie had asked his way to " the best inn,'' and having been told rather pointedly " that the principal h.ntr.l was ' The Bull ' in the High- street," perceived that he had gone near to wounding vhe town's j susceptibilities, and that in losing its importance it had not lost its dignity. Ned was at least able to thank the fates, however, that "The Bull" proved to be no resplendent moelern hostelry, " re-erected with all modern improvements," but a plain and by no means extensive building which fully carried out the promise held forth in its advertisement in the guide book.-t" This house has for many years enjoyed the repute of being clean, sweet, arid comfortable." The very first steps he made along the narrow entrance passage raised his spirits. A freshfaced countrywoman stood at the door of a room 011 the right ; at the end of the passage he eaw a cosy, old- fashioned bar; a huge grandfather's clock ticked loudly somewhere in the dim recesses of oakpanelled passages in the background. 1 "Good-day," said he to the waitress. The very fact that there was no dingy waiter about warmed one's soul. " Can I have something to eat ? A chop, anything.'' 1 ' " Yes, sir. Thia way, if you please, air." 1 She was quite peremptory in her manner as sho divorted him from his purpose of entering the room on the right, and insisted on his going into the coffee-room on the left. Ned felt that she was too autocratic. For in that apartment 011 the right, which bore tho words " Commercial Room,'' anel into which, therefore, as a public room, he had every right to go, there was a big well filled bookcase. and—a golden-haired girl. Now Ned was an artist, and endowed, like other artists, with susceptibilities as to golden hair which made even a tinge of flaxen or ; auburn a joy to him. Tho hair he had just seen made him long to get at his palette ; he felt that he must see that girl, he must know her, he must paint her if he bad to stay in Rye six months to do it. Meanwhile he was in the tiny coffeeroom waiting for his dinner, with nothing better than last week's local newspaper to amuse himself with. He would go and ask the goldenhaired young lady for a book. So he crossed the passage into the commercial room. 1 The girl, who was sitting close under the bookcase studying a volume open on her knee, looked up. Something in her very glanoe showed at once that slid was aeiorablv unused to meeting strangers. She was not shy or awkward, but she was surprised. "If you want anything will you please ring the bell in the coffeeroom, and the waiters will come," she said. The words were a snub, but the grey eyes were kind. Ned retreated to the door, but said humblv— " I beg your pardon. But I came to ask if you would be kind enough to lend me a book." " I am sure Mrs. Richmond will. I'll go and ask her." Oh dear, this was not what he had •wanted at all ; a portly landlady descending upon him, with opeu suspicions as to the geuuir.ess of avidity for literature ! his "Pray don't take that trouble," said Ned. Sbe was already at the door. But before she could open it, the waitress had entered in search of the traveller. " Your chop is ready for you in the coffee room, sir," she said, rather eeverely. "Oh, Martha, is Mrs. Richmond in ? This gentleman wants a book." Martha looked at him sharply. "Mrs. Richmond is out, but I'm sure you'd be very welcome to a book, if there's any there will suit you.'' " I should like some local history, if there is such a thing—some book that tells about the old places in and arounel the town, nncl the stories told of them." " The stories !" echoed the goldenhaired girl, with a laugh ; " you jmiat ask Martha herself for those. .She knows more than the books tell." "Oh, what I know is tnostlv gossip, ana notning much to tell anybody," protested Martha, soften- l ° T, , • , . T 19 exa ^ c 1 , ^ V«—the gossip," said Ned. " hat ' t! 'e people say about a house or a f burcb influences one's thoughts a3 one looks at it, and gives it a spocini atmosphere. And that is everything to ua painter.-'." " Oh, are you an artist ?" asked tho young lady, with g l e a t interest. "That is what my father was beforo his eyea grew weak. He thinks just as you do of the Btorios ; anel ho writes about them too. He says there is no history of this place that an intelligent nerson can read without weeping. ; ?0 tie is writing one, and I am helping him.'' The girl—-ehe could not have been more than 19—glanced at Martha, as if afraid she had been too communicative to a stranger. i>ut the waitress, who was a masa of prejudices, had just made up her mind that the newcomer was "a gontleman, every iuch of him,'' and unbent accordingly, ; " And I may make bold to say I've helped Mr. llennell, too," she said. "For I was with him nearly three hours the other day, telling ; him word for word, as it was told to j me, the story of the murders at the [ ! I j j ! j V I ! i | i | Old Mermaid."j " Murders at the Old Mermaid," echoed Ned, with voluptuous enjoyment. "Tell me too, please. I love a good murder, especially if it's not too ancient. IIow old is yours ?" " Why, they both of them happened in my time. I've been here nine years. The waitress, who was evidently a personage of importance in the inn, with extensive powers, was melting. She advanced to the fire, stirreel the coals into a roaring blaze, and wheeled a chair round for the gentleman. Noel took his seat with his back to the murky afternoon daylight, where he could from time to time cast a slyly admiring glance at the demure young girl in the corner. " Well," Martha began, " we don't always call them murders. For to I j j j ! | say truth, they were more than j murders — thej- were mysteries. j There's a couple of very old houses in Rye that were once an inn, called • The Mermaid.' That was long before my time. When I first cams to Rye the place had been empty and neglected, anel all to pieces for nigii on two years. Then it was done U P ' and tlivided into two houses, for it was too big for anyone about here to take as it was. Anel one house was taken by a shoemaker, a most respectable man, with a wife and family, vrho have it now. The other house didn't go off for a bit, ar.d at last they turned it into a hospital, But, one night—it was about Christmas time, 1 remember, aad the vicar preached about it, and it cast a damp over everything—a poor man that was lying in one of the rooms with a broken leg, shrieked out for help. Before the nurse that was in charge could get to the room, however, the poor fellow was dead. It was found that he had been choked by a great piece of plaster like that they do ceilings with. Tho ejuestion : was: Who had done it? There ; was nobody about the house except the nurse, and a woman lying in another room, who was naralvsed, and could not leave her bed. Then I again, where did the plaster come i from ? There was no ceiling to any one of the rooms ; the timbers were just whitewashed, and there was no plastr/r used, so the piece found in his throat could not have fallen from the roof into his mouth while he slept, as someone suggested. , Well, it waa a mystery, and" there was an end of it, at least, so we thought, Then that room was not used again for a longtime. But in October of the l i year after there was a great storm, and a shipwrecked crew of a fishing smack were brought into I.'ye. There being nobody in the hospital at the ! time, the poor fellows were put up there. Y 011 see, they were strangers, i and had never heard the story. Just picture to yourself what wo all felt next day when we found that one of the men had died in the night in exactly the same way as the first. ; There were two other men sleeping in the room, who were wakened Inhearing their comrade choking and ; gasping for breath. They could just see him in the darkness, so they said, i struggling with a woman in black, who waveel her arms about over him and disappeared, leaving him stark dead. Never was such a sensation known in Rye before or since. The place was haunted, so everyone said. It was a curious thing though, if it was a ghost that did these murders, that a purse which the sailor had by his pillow, and which held two sovereigns, had disappeared. Of course one of his companions may have stolen it j but then it was they who gave the information that he had this money upon him. Then the poor people next door were suspected, because the attic over the hospital was part of their premises, being used by the shoemaker as a store-place. But besides that he and hi" family were known to be honest and as harmless as doves, there was no way by which any human being could force himself between the rafters. So there the matter ended, and I don't suppose the house will ever let again." "Well, 1 confess that even the excitement of trying to ferret out the mystery would hardly tempt me to a place with such associations," said Ned, rising reluctantly from the comfortable arm chair. " But vou can tell me where I shall be likely to find a couple of rooms, both veryclean, anel one very large, in which I can take up my quarters for two or three months ?'' Martha shook her head. " You had best sta\\- here sir T !hink," she saio. " mere are no lodgings that I know of in Rye which would suit a gentleman." "I shall have to find some to suit me though," saicl Ned. " I can't afford hotels. I shall be out sketching all day, so it really doesn't much matter what the accommodation is like. I must be oft' oa ;iie tramp to Joolc for tiiem now, before it is oarir. ' May I leave my ba£ here until 1 am settled P The rest of my things I left at tho station." Martha at onco gav tho required permission ; and Ned, takimr leaco of her and of the golden-haired Miss llennell, went forth reluctantly into tho dreary ctreets of the old town. It was already nearly dark, and tho rain was now falling heavily, rushing down the steep streets as if they had been only gutter*, and splashing up round tho unhappy stranger at every step. lie found hb\ search, as Martha had predicted, eliflicult indeed ; nobody seemed to let lodgings, at least nobody who looked clean, and who bad less than sixbabies. ISefore hi* wanderings were over it was so dark that he could not read the names of the streets. At last, however, he saw in a window a carel with tho words, "Furnished lodgings, apply at No. '>." With some difficulty, for the houses were not numbered, I10 found No. 3. A briirht-faced voumr fforaan, with a baOy in iier arms, opened the door, and, on learning what he wanted, fetched the key, and trotted over to the shut-up house with great alacrit;,-. As ho followed her Ned got a better view di iue exterior 01 tne nouse, aim was delighted by what he saw. Both the shut-up ho use and tho one next to it had their upper storeys built of timber; each room of the two lower storeys was lighted by a lattice window from end to end. Each hael too pointed overhanging gables, and both were roofed with tiles. The young artist's heart glowed within him ; if he had searched for a week he could not have found a dwelling more to his minel. " How is it that this splendid old place is shut up? " lie asked, as his conductress turned the key in tho ! "Because there's more houses in Rye than there's people to live in 'em, 1 suppose," she answered with a laugh, as she led the way through the narrow and bare en trance-passu"o into a large room on the right. It's all quite clean,'' she continued. " It's me who has charge of the place,and I swept it out only two days ago. Dear, dear, I ought to have brought a light! If you'll wait here, sir, I'll fetch one." Ned did not want to see anything more before making up his mind. The great low-ceilinged room, with its long window and wide windowseat, its enormous old-fashioned hearth, in which a tiny modern grate looked oddly out of place, were so many irresistible charms to him. The scantiness of the furniture did not matter to him ; ho wanted space, air, and light, and those he had in abundance. "Stay,'' he said, as the woman was running off. " 1 shall take tho place, if you will get somebody to do ray cooking anel cleaning, and if yt.u don't want the rent of Buckingham Palace." The woman shook her head, and laugheel again. " What do you say to seven shillings a weelc, sir r" " I should say it was not ruinous." " Anel 1 could do for you myself, sir, if you're not too particular about the cooking.'' " I'm not. You shall do for rne. Will you please begin by making me a fire, and getting rue a couple of candles, anel lending me a kettle ? I'm a very accomplished fellow, and can make m\\- own tea." Jn less than lialf an hour Ned had feteheel his bag from " Tho Bull " anel the rest of his lvggago irom the station, and was sitting in the ln< T H wooelen rocking chair before the fire, already wishing that the grate were a little birrger, and that he hael a companion jn that big room. The picturesque anel romantic always have another side—a lonesome anel uncanny siele. There were noises in the rafters ; wooden wainscoting has a habit of creaking and cracking ; old houses have nooks and crannies made for the wind to whistle in. Ned listened to these noises, anel to the pattering of the rain 011 the latticed panes, and wondered whether the street was always as empty and deserted as it seemed to be to-night. He had thought I10 should be so cosy in the wide chimney corner, but instead he found it draughty enough to make his hair stand on enel. At last he got up, anel for the first time made a tour of the premises. There were four rooms, two upstairs and two on the ground floor. IIis sitting room was the onlv one that contained a tireplace, and only two out of the four could be called furnished. There was no garden, but there was an untidy yard with a huge rain tub at the back of the house, The feeling that there was something gruesome about the place, grew stronger upon him as he passed from the one to the other of the upper rooms and heard the winel howling above him. There must surely be an attic overhead, he thought, for the wind to make that noise ! And then he remembered that he hael seen from tho street the window of a second storey—the one with the gables. But where vras the way up into the attic? There was no staircase, no ladder. Ana tuen toliowed quickly another thought, so ugly, so unwelcome that he felt wet and cold !13 it passed through his mind. That 01a inn," tne Mermaia," where the two men had died so mysteriously, had an attic which belonged to the adjoining house ! "Was this the very bouse ? He would go ovfr to Mrs. Rudge at No. •], or, better still, he would go back to " The Bull'' and satisfy him-elf 011 th i s po i n t. I lie next moment, however, he p illed himself together, and ecouted these suggestions of weakness, Iio would not. have chosen, certainly, to take up his abode in a house with audi nn ugly history as that, of " Tho Mermaid;" but if he had unwittingly dor.0 /••<>, he w a•> not going to allow funk over it now. Ned returned le> bin t< i 11. i 11 ;.r - room , however, in a much lens comfortable fiam" of mind than that in which lie had left It. lie tried to keep up li i 1 h]mm!h by wii istl i rig, and to amn^o him-elf b}- unpacking and a' ra:: r i ng a few books on the shelves, with which tho walls of the big room were libeially provided. Hut that tock n very short, time, and a long evening mill remained to be got through. The rain came down more heavily j the wind was growing more boisterous. Ned fat down 111 his rocking-chair, tried to get. interested in u hook, and linallv, being very tired, fell into a d«v,p, d n ri n;» which he wa.i haunted by feverish, fragmentary dreams, in nil of which tho actual sounds going on nround him, the dropping of the ashes fiom the (ire, the cracking of the wainscoting, the wind, tho rain, and tiio gnawing of tho mice played a part. The candles burned eiowu to t;i»ir sockets, and flickered out ; the hio grow low anel llameless. Suddenly a burst of cold air swept through the room and awoke him. A cloud of smoke, boaton down liv tho draught, rushed across from the chimney to the open door, a i most blinding Nod, who sprang up from the rocking chair with a cry. There before him, plainly to b« seen through the smoke;, by the dull glow of the tire, was the phantom of which he had been dioamiui>;, tne phantom which Jia'irit»d the oM " Mermaid "--the lady in black with the Wftirin.fr arms ! {To be cv)ili)ii'<(.K) 