NEWS IN BEIEF, To-morrow being a public holiday, in connection with the record reign cele brations, there will be no issue of the Daily News. ? . The question of establishing a school at South Perth, is under consideration in the Education Department. The employes of Messrs. Bunning Bros, and their friends held a, smoke, social at Jacoby's Bohemian Hall on Saturday nights On Saturday night % lady named Mrs. Douglas had her pocket picked of 47s. at an auction mart in Market street, Fremantle. . . ? Mr. D. Frenberg, lately of Perth, has opened a large bottliug establishment at Esperanee, in connection with the Grace Darling Hotel. The friends of Sergeant Duncan will be pleased to hear that that officer has recovered from his recent illness, and resumed duty this inorning. Mr.F. Wallace, M.L.A. for Talgoo, interviewed the Minister of Posts and Telegraphs on Saturday with regard to several wants of the district he repre sents. A number of special trains were en gaged yesterday in the removing of about 600 tons of gravel and bricks from Smith's Mill to Perth and Fre mantle. Our Albany correspondent wires that the Albany ghost was walking on the Perth road on Saturday night, and scared two young people ivho were spooning. - ' . , Mr. ' Jerry' M'Auliffe, the discflj*rer of the White Feather and other^Kfibs in W.A., was married* on May 13 to a distant relation at Newmarket, County Cork, Ireland. . The Government has purchased a number of life buoys, with lines attached, which are to be distributed in various parts of the Swan Eiver fcr use in case of mishap. / A serious accident befell a man named John M'Namara last night.when he was thrown out of a buggy ,at Claremont. The injured man was taken on a litter to the Perth Hospital. Mr. George Allan Matheson died in the Coolgardie Hospital yesterday. He was formerly a commercial traveller in Victoria. The deceased succumbed to a complication of diseases. ? The remains of Mr. George Ellis.wlio died a day or two ago from typhoid fever at Subiaco, were interred in the Perth cemetery on Saturday. The deceased was a native of Victoria. Brigadier-General W. T. Bennett, who since 1892. has visited every mining centre of importance in W.A., proposes giving a series of illustrated lectures on the ' Westralian Goldfields ' in Lon don. The funeral of the late Mr. J. P. Sullivan, formerly confidential clerk to the Postmaster-General, took place yes terday afternoon at the B.C. Cemetery. Messrs. Bowra and O'Dea conducted the funeral arrangements. In another column, the Phoenix Fire works Company notify that it will be unsafe for boating parties to be on the river between the hours of 7.30 and 10 p.m.on'VYednesday.as rockets, sticks and other portions of fireworks will be falling. On Saturday morning an inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the Barrack-street fire was opened befere the City Cotoner, Dr. Lovegrove, and a jury. After viewing the scene of the fire, the inquiry was adjourned to the 30th inst, :' Mr. F.R.' Arthur, J.P., died suddenly on Saturday morning at his camp in Coolgardie. For some time ha had been a martyr to sciatica, and he also had a.week heart. The inquest showed that the deceased had taken an over dose of morphia. . To-day the Mayor of 'Northam (Mr. C ?R. Knight. J.P.) will perform the cere mony of laying the foundation stone of the new town hall, which has been designed by Mr. H. J. Prockter, archi tect, of Perth. The main hall will be 60ft. by 30f fc and provided with excel lent stage accommodation. The ' test' football match between Perth and Fremantle, played on the Association Ground, Perth, on Satur day, resulted in a win for the home team. The scores were : — Perth, 7 goals, 15 behinds ; Fremantle, 4 goals, 5 bekinds.' The ground was in a, slip pery condition, and the attendance was very poor. Tbe.railway from Southern Cross to Kalgoorlie, with all the works pertain ing thereto, will bo handed over to the .Government on July 1. Since January 1, when the Government took over the control of the traffic on theliue.the con tractors have been busy ballasting the sections, erecting the necessary build ings, &c.; - A male passenger from Perth, who got into the same compartment with Miss Florence Mann, of York, who was travelling by rail from that town to Fremantle,cool]y alighted at Claremont. aud walked off with the ladies' parcel, containing a dress-. By' the time Miss Mann recovered from her astonishment the train had started. A large crowd assembled in the Go' vernmenfc Gardens yesterday afternoon to hear a concert given by the Head quarters' Band, under Bandmaster Bryan. A charge of 6d. for adults and 3d. for children was made for admission, and the funds of the Blind Asylum benefited thereby to the extent of about £18. Last week the admissions to the Coolgardie Hospital numbered 24. while 30 persons were discharged. There were no deaths. The total number in the institution at present is 127\. For the week, 77 outdoor patients were treated. The majority of those in the hospital aro suffering from fever and'pneumonia. The Government have only made an allowance of .£5 to the people of Eott nesfc for Jubilee celebrations, but the residents have subscribed among them selves, and raised sufficient funds to have a real good time. They state that their bonfire will be the largest in W. A., as. the Fremantle people will' testify when it is. in full blaze on Tuesday night. . 