' THE EVERi-AST'NG GHOST. J, 5>himto» Ttot 1I»h Sfaflol-illic nog* j*cijs In T*ionsiU’.ds of icn!"H. We are asked to beJievo lu gncsts »o cause in every age there liavo beau ghost atones. But would it not he more nat ural to suppose that in every age the hu man uiind has been subject to aberra tions and that some specific weakness or tn-e'Tilarity of the mental constitution or ■of the physical organ, the brain, on which all thinking, so far as we are aware, de pends, has probably given rise to this particular class of hallucinations? We cannot pretend ns yet to know ths mind thoroughly iu health and disease, but this we do know, that there arc thou sands and millions of persons whose lives are never intruded on by ghosts and who know absolutely nothing of “occult' phenomena. According to a reverend gentleman’s figures, only one woman in twelve and one man in ten has had any “occult” experiences. Now, what ws should like very much to have would l>s a further analysis of these figures show Jng the percentage of flighty or other wise 111 balanced minds among the “oc cult" and the “nonoccult” (if we may so apply the words) classes respectively. Our own experience would lead us to believe that ilio proportion would ha vastly larger in tho former class than iu the latter. Who has not known many examples of tho tremulous, nervous, hy persensitive, wonder loving, hysterical or seiniliystcrical typo of constitution among tho devotees of ghost lore? And if such examples occur, as wo believe they must, to tho mind of every one, is it not at least a probable inference that “occultism” in its various phases has something to do with that kind of mind? The ghost may ho very ancient, hut we do not believe in him tho more. The trouble about him is that he has made no progress since tho earliest times. In fact, on the whale, he has fallen hack. We should not bo disposed to talk of the “levitation” of Elijah ourselves had not the Rev. Mr. Envois used the term be fore us. But if, following the reverend gentleman's lead, we consider the proph et's alleged translation in that light, surely it was a most successful feat in “levitation,” and a little ahead of any thing tho modern world can show. And, speaking generally, tho appari tions and visions and other spiritual or occult phenomena of ancient times had more “body” to them than those of our own day. If therefore the ghost has made no progress in tho course of three Or four thousand years, if he is just as nninstructive and inconsequent a phe nomenon now as he was when we first encountered him, if not a little more so, wo may perhaps he pardoned for think ing that ho may he safely and fairly ig nored by people who have an average amount of business to attend to.—Pop ular Science Monthly. 