THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative raado hia wuy to tho humblo homo of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lnno,rTJltimo. Ho wna discovered {nursing a two ycur-old baby, and his fice declared him to bo one of the huDDieat men in SvdnBv. JETn wua nn nnd about und able to answer tho knock at tho door. Although pule and bearing still tho marks of u critical illness, und a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid on tho rapid toad to convaleaeonco. In reply to the preliminary quo»tions, he Baid : ' You want to know all about my ouso ? Well, I nm glud of an opportunity to tell you. The facta may bo of valuo to thoso who aro stricken as I waa.' ' How long were you sufE-fring ? ' ' Well, twelve months ugo I got bo bad that I hid to leave off work,and Ihavo dononothing ainco then. About fivo yoara ngo noxtOhiiat mas, I mot with an accident ; I wub badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I havo been inlfuil ii g hoal:h, and after four yoars gradual develop ment of tho muludy, I was forced to give up my billot at the Globe Island.' ' Whut woro tho symptoms ? ' ' Simply indesctibable. Tho paina wero aomothinfr terrible. Thoy wore just about ub much as I could bour. Thoy woro for all tho world liko aa if a B;iw were cutting my bones in two in overy part of mo. I hud no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myeclf and ovoryono olso. I was incoaauntly ahiviring und shaking:, and could neither ent nor sleep. On 23rd March lust! saw ,i well known doctor nnd ho told mo thnt my qubo wns utterly hopeless. However bo gave mo an order to tho Direotor of Charitable Institu tions. ' ' Did you make uso of tbo order '{ ' ' No ; I came homo'und wonfc to bod, nnd have boon pretty well in bed ever tunco. Five weeks ago I could not walk across tho floor ; in fuct, I could not got out of bed. I ftlt then tbut it waa all over with me, and only a question of duys when I would givo up tho ghost. My doctor wus attending mo, and ho did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ouso the ngony I wuu iu. I wus under him for fivo or six weeks. Ho ciirao to tho conclusion that I wus suffering from Locomotor atuxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, cburao torised by peculiur disturbancea of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinutiui- voluntary move monts. Ho told mo thut I might luat for ton years, und that I might never got tho use of my legs, (Just then the putiont kicked his lega about witth energy to Bhow tuat modicul opinion ia not infallible.) Woll, just aa u drowning man will graap at a atruw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by tho udvertieement de scribing tho euro affected in tho caso of another boiler-maker in England, which I rend in tho ' Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla for Palo Pooplo. I road in the ad vertisement of a caao which a'iemed to fit my own. I determined to givo tho Fink Pills u trial anywuy, and sour for a box. The effoot w»a as marvelloua us it wns magicil. I wub able to eut und sleep us though nothing was the mutter with me. It was the first appotito and rest I hud had for many a day. It was in orodible. I immediately loft tho bed und was able to move ubout. I huve taken four boxes of Fink Pills during the post four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can .walk about with tho uid of a stiok, und am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those orutches there ? They ure perfeotly new, and I have novor usod them. They were made for me boforo I got the Pink Pills, but I wua too weak to uso them, and now I don't want them.' All I wunt is this stiok, and I hope eoon to do without it. You see I am rapidly togainiug my strength.' 'He ia 100 per cent, better,' slid Mrs. Jarvis, who hnd come in und taken the baby on hor knees. 'Tho Pink Pills havo saved hia life, and mado another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jurvis looked ten yoars younger thut day than he did a fortnight previously. 'I can now,' continued Jarvis, 'havo a cold tmth, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If 1 keep on going tho way I am, I hope to ba able to resume work us a boiler maker, and you know I havo to be in the very pink of houlth nnd strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I havo boen at any time during tho past five years. I iiBcribe all the change und benefit to these Fink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a low man. On the mantelpiece there ia a box of opium and morphia pills which the dootor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay whoro they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been atnuzed at the change in me. 'X'bey can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again bus caused quite a sensation out here.'' Such in this remarkable history, and it con firms what is buM in all tho ohlef newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla for Pale People. They cure locomotor utuxy, partial paralysi.o, nmi spinal disease, also the many disorders which uriso from nn impoverished state of the blood, such aa umomia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breatb, puins in the buck, nervous headache, etc. 