TUNNEL UNDER THE THAMES. \- -0Q--- * 'Few people outside- the IeltropOlls, and not many people Londoners, know. that deep down beneath the bed of the Thames, for more than two years past, a little army of men has been busy. week after week, month after month. day and night, driving east and west the twin tunnels that are destined slti mately to connect Waterloo with theI City. The outward and visible sign of this gigantic undertaking is the immense wooden staging whllich rears its contort ed form above the muddy waters of thi river just north of Blackfriars Bridge : and thither, one .niorning. recently. the writer wended his way, armed with the necessary permit to view the works. There is one way, and one way only. to get to the tunnels, and that is by climbt ing down oin apparently endless series of laddefs. affixed against. the inside of a sort of gigantic drain-Pipe-techric tlly termed a cofferdamlr-which hias Ibere.sunk through the Thames mud. t beneath thie river-bed, deep down in't, the greasy, blue clay upon which Lon don stands. It is an eerie feeling. The round blotchl of blue sky above grows - rsmaller and smaller as I descend. T'hl? darkness becomes more and monre pro-l found. At first thie listening ear catches perforce the swish. swish, swish, of tlihe I river, plashing sullenly round the out side of tile big, cast-iron tube. 'IThen silence. Then, after ar long interval.i the soundri of voices colnmes floratirt?g l from tlhe bottom, of thie well, min:gl':d witll the clanging of iron against iron. and tile Inuflled throbbing of a :pair ir giganti:c pumps. Presently I reach the foot of thie shaft, and, after donning ar suit of tv?ri?nan'r clothes, plunge into one of the yaw-u\n?in CAVERNS THAT ]RANCH OFF In either direction. It is not an alto gether pleasant experience. At inter svaIs a bulb lamp throws a ghastly splo.rtch of white against the grey con irete walls. and makes a feeble at temipt to penetrate a few feet into the surrounding gloom. Elsewhere it is' d:i rknlrss-darlkness that tray allost be felt. It is quite dry, however: for the tunel alolng which T amil slowly malting my way is in reality nothing more than a glgantic drain-pipe laid east and west beneath the bed of the river. Only It is an empty pipe, into which no water from the outside is allowed to perco late. , I light a cigarette, and am beginning to feel quite comfortable, when all of' a sudden the two tiny steel rails that run along the centre of the iloor-of the; tunnel begin to quiver and hum: ared light, like unto a monster eye, appeais suddenly in the near distance, and the next instant I am jerked sharply back against the wall, and a whisper-which is really a shout, strangled at Its birth by the approaching roar of the locomo tive-bids nme malke myself as smnall as possible. Needless to say, I obey my guide with alacrity, and a moment later a perky-looking little engine dashes past. trailing behind it a long row of "skips" filled with freshly excavated clay. It is worked by electric power with an overhead wire, the steel railsi upon which tihe engine runs completing the circuit. and there is much splutter ing of blue and red sparks under the wheels as it disappears in the direction of the shaft. Twenty minutes' sharp walking. , and we find our further progress barred by a solid mass of masonry-more thain 7t thllick my guide tells me-in the centre of whichi is A CIRCULAR STEEL DOOR. This is an air- lock, and through it wer must pass if we desire to continue our explorations: all work on the other side being performed under compressed air. While.we are waiting the arrival of the lock-keeper, my guide 'explains briefly the system under which this conlipressed air is employed to prevent the water lbulrstinlg in. It is all very beautiful and simpnle-in theory. The engineers kinow, or are supposed to knoo\, rhow many million cubic feet of water and water bearing strata are. above their tunnel: and, to counteract the downnward pres sure of the suplerinceumbent mass. they. pump into that portion of the w\orks situated between the air-lock and the tunnel-head a certain extra quantity of air. The difficulty is, of course, to knowv just when to stop. If you pump in too little the resultant pressure is insuf ficienti, and the water comes in; too much, and you are liable to blow up the bed of the river. It is not exactly a nice sensation-that of going through an air-lock for tile first time. If we could conceive of a man. living all his life on the top of Mount Blanc, suddenly transported to sea level, it is probable he would suffer lucih as I did. As soon as I was seated in the empty lock-w-\hich ,by the way. is much like the interior of a big. empty boiler-and the AIR BEGAN TO RUJSH IN, a series of extraordinary and exceed ingly. painful sensations Piromptly made thlelmseles manifest. The drums of imy ears were forced in until it seemed as if they must burst: and my entire body felt as if swathed in some gigantic, close-fitting and yet invisible shroud. which was being drawn tighter andt tighter by a giant's grip until the blood almost ceased to circulate. But, worst of all. was a horrible sense of impend ing suffocation, due to the lungs being unable all at once to acconlnrodate themselves to their new environment. I was just about to cry out that I could bear it no longer, when the rush of the incoming air-blast grew percepltibly less. and finally ceased altogether, the door opposite to that by which w-e en teretd was swung open, and we were inl the tunnel again, walking about under an air-pressure of 01bl to the square inch. A few moments sufficed to take us to the tunnel head, where dozens of half naked, bnrawny giants are delving iaway into the unknorwn. There is no Iron pipe above our heads now. Nothing but a thin layer of clay ard omud, and the sullen waters of the Thanres, kept from overwhelming us only by that mysteri ous, invisible, and yet fearfully poternt air-pressure. By this time, howevser, I suffer no inconvenience. The compress ed air has penetrated to every purt of my system, the pressure within and without thie body is equal, and I feel practically the same as bcfore I passed through the lock. There is a difference, however, and my guide convinces me of it by a curl ous little experiment workred by myself. He bids me whistle, and when I obedi ently make the attempt, I find that I call only succeed in producing a slight, hissing sound, the very ghost of a whis fte, as it were. Evidently my lungs \ere not used to expelling air under double pressure. Luckily, no small boys are employed in this part of the tunnel, or what would become of them under this restraint it is difficult to conceive. Another curious fact! The men find it Ipractically imlpossible to boil water, the boiling point being 424F1., or lprecisely double what it is outside. A few drops reated to this pitch would burn one like vitriol. The passage back through the air-lock is accomplished without any untoward Incident, and twenty minutes later I am sitting in the private office of the en gineer of the works, jotting dow-n a few statistics. The first pile of the "coffer dam" was, it appears, drivei on 20"Oth June, 1894, and excavating began in No vember following. The tunnels are 12ft tin in diameter, and are constructed on awhat is known as the tubular system, ie., each tunnel is practically one im mnense pipe of wrought iron, bolted to gether in- segments, and lined through out with cement.. The total length of the line from Waterloo .to the Mmansion House will beea mile and a half, and there will be-no'intermediate stations, and, of course; no stoppages en route.- "London Daily Mail." 