"A FATHER'S SIN." CHAPTER XVlll. Ctpnt DaHTREY wm a b«ndiome man, and ho had Dev. r 1-okctl handsomer than iu»wf when he io«»d hutnMypttft'fioK to tbe ahabbily«diea8ed girl b f»re him. !Bat tbere w-8 00 eoftci-ii-g of Poarl'a rigi l fta'ure-, no dropping of the larue blue eyns fixed oornfolly op«>n bin Uoo ; «ad» when she spoke, her voice had lost it tweetce. sounding hareh sod metallio. Never, eho taid. 1 bavo bnnE very low in what the world ca«la position, but I bave not euok 0 low aa to marry my father's tradacor. I am poor and In w«nt, but I w< uM not tako a orust from yon if I wore rtarviog. You ay it is not cay to die. Ha, ha. It is »aay enough when one i weary of life and baa nothiog left to live for. I prefer death to being your wife.' Sbe turned from him ; and, taking out her latch- key, pat it ioto tbe lock. £) trtrey shrugged his eboolderfi and gave a low whittle of cousteroatioo ; then ho smiled. Homp. You say so now $ but wait till you havo thought it calmly over. I shall oot lose fight of you again, you may br» certain. Iam at tho old iddress ; if you chai go your miod, wiite to me to.uiorrow, and yoor troubles will be over.' Ho raised bis hat, gave her ono look in which pity, fovo, and fieodih triumph were atraoirely mingled,, then, without another word, walked quickly away. Miss St. Clair waited till the ound of his font- tops hud ecsed, tben let beietlf into tbo house and groped bar way ostairs to her r»Oin. How obeerlens and anlitary it looked, wbeo, having lighted her candle, she gazed half timidly rouud its foor bare us 1-, as if ezpectiog to aeo some uowel- come occupant who h«d crept in during her absence. The fire was out ; tbe table was still strewed with pieces of thread and suippinge from the weary ta»k which had b>eu bcr last ; the floor was etrpetlesa, save for acunple of strips, the furoiture oant. Pearl dropped ioto a chair and buret into tears. How deck and wel1 d roused and prosper as ho looked,' eho eobbed, 'I dare say he is g 'ing back to a good dinner, whilo I have not broken my fast since the morning. He has found mo out at last ; but the discovery will do him no good Wbeo next be comes here, 1 shall b<? far away. Ob for courage to put an end to this miserable lito of mioo. Shall I be able to do it, I wonder. I uju»t, or I shall die of starvation.' She took this little bottte from her pocket and laid it upon tbo table, then set borself to woik to kindle tbe fire. 'Only a handful of coals,' she muttered. 1 Well, to-morrow I ahull o--t need any. This paper the beef is wrapped in will do to makn a bluze. Dour, du-r, hw hungry I am. I woudt-r if Mrs. D-diba would let ne have a little milk. I shall feast royaUy to>night, my last evening in this miserable room. She set her t ib'o, and, having made hor way down<fttair« nod tec ied from her Jainl'miy a cupful of watery. looking tnt k. coaxed up her fite aod set thereon htr li- y kettle. Sbo hud pui tbo bct-f upon her pla'u, and wan about to thrunt the piece ot gioisy paper between the bnr of the g-aie, when a me tinpu . urged bur to glance at tbo adt« riisemcut printed ou out a! ie. 'I might find somw'hin«, iben» to nmu-o me «hi e I bavo my tea,' uho n «'d t ho self, aod then laughed a dffiiry laugh. Huw I used to bate boiled beef. But that wan b> f -re it becjmo too great a luxury for everyday ooeumption. Thin Is delicious. I feel a another pcraou alt gctber' — sipping hor wo«k tea appreciatively, 'I will try now U improve rny mind bv seeing what is going nu in th «t outer world which kouwa me no moie. and— — Ugh.' She had stretehc I >ut h- r h«nd aod touched the lilt! bottlo of cbl-irul which was to put an end to ber life. Sho nhuridered. 1 'I — I was so tired and hungry then,' sho mur mured apologetically. 'I dared not think of faciog tho awfol to-morrow; but now — — - MyH-avco send me strength to put tbe demon from me.' She fell opon her knees and bowed h-r bead upon ber folded arms oo tbe table, praying, as she had never prayed before, that help might be seot to ber in hor hnur of need, that she mijtht have power to exorcise the demon which whispered of peace and eternal oblivion in tho grave, 'But,' whispered the tempter again, 'thero is Clive Durtrcy ; be will dog your footsfc- p«, and cesceaaity will nrge you to marry bim. You will etarve unless you get work aod ' 'I will get work, I will— I must. I cannot too ths life which the Almighty his given me. I have no right to do so.' Sbe rose to ber feet again, hor face beautiful aa an aogel's in its softened humiliation. Her land moved towards tbe bo tic, in uno'her moment ohe had tossed it into the very heart of tbe merrily eparkling fire, where it flew to piece. 'Gone— my laet hope— my——' No, uo — I dou': regret it. H aven is my witness that 1 will uy t< bear whatever is io store for me without ogi» tryiog to tako the life which is not mine todtetroy. I will-Iill.' 8Lo tank into her chair, covering hor (ct with ber hands, whild heavy tearless sobs eho -k ber whole f ainn. What a tool I nro,' sho siid at length. 'Te ri come so readily nowaday-, ud 1 used to hoist ih >t I had uot'.tug of tt.e N ib oa uro in me. Be calm, Marguerite St. Claire— b calm, aod collect you Wits. You have takn a new le«se of Jifo- see th «t you use it well. M iybe there is something good in store for yet.' Sbe rote and began to clear away bur frugnl meat. Tbere was still enough food left for br bteakfait, and tben she roust go forth again and get work. S . ay— tho paper ; tbere might be something io it to unit ber. She d»ew tbe greasy advertisement- sheet towards her aod her eye ran d<>wn tin column. Suddenly she started and changed coiout . SU'iog Hlt in me f oe an 'he foji-.wiug — 'If this hooid meet the eye «if Rupert Si. Ca rr or, in tbe event of me de«th, noy of hi rurvivorn. tbty are en rented to c minunioa»e at once with Ge< rgo St, C'ir, Hot ! M-tropnt'." My uorle.' gaepvl Pn«rL 'H- mnat be b»ck from Au» <ali>>. 1 will go to him to-iii"irnw ; h will perhpB Ik k D l and help mc for my faihe ' Bftkf. At any itr, I can hut iry. But, aUn, 1 have not the dale of U>i» piper. I; mny he month Old, and porhapn he hae soi-o hack to Ans'tali On. if noly he might ptill be her, and ihen bi- wilhng to et m go b-ck with him.1 Hhe look her >Uftmiis «u.i cm o>t th n 'ice tbn, having mude a h uz n he re-t f iln- paper, s«( down ticfnre the lire <n l g.»Yf h r«« f tn .to tbe fi it h"| eful levuiie khu had im u ged in pince the ScO'ch vxpreas bore b»i away from Glen Aiisa and the 1 ght and bopi'ti e-s did <>ut of her life. P&rl; net ded u» ua'co ic that nihr, hrr sleep was sweet and dreuuilene ax a child'a ; and, as she op-ned h-»r blue eyes to lithold the runlight stream ing in at her narrow window the next morning, her fi<bt thought was ono of thaukfulues that, she was yet a living bieathiog woman, saved from self desliuc.ion. CHAPTER XIX. SuaBBY sod worn ns ws her attire, there was something al>nut Mis« St. C uirn which denoted 'hat be was s lady, aod many »n admiring glance followed ber be utiful fucn and graceful figure as she entered the vestibule <f the Hotel Metmp'de. Mr. 8tCl ire. I fancy he baa left, mad>tn ; hut I will see,' was tho answer to her inquiry for ber uoole. Pearl's heart sank within her. If sho should, after all, be too late. The attendant c-me back presently. 'Mr. fit CUire ie s'ill bete. Htp this w y, please. What, nam shad I say madam.' Misa fit. CI ire.' With a f«stl>eting heart Pearl follow d her en- doctor up tho stuirs and «long the corridor till ho paused beforo a dour and koockud 'C'me M<,' eslled a loud hearty vt Ice, the ton of which Homehow give the tietnbling visitor a senbo Of relief. A lady fy y# sir— Mfaa ct. Claire.' The oext oi -meot Puarl stood io the presence of her father's biother, ber only near relative in the world. He half rose from bis s-at as she entered, the newspaper which he hud been reading falling from bja band, Ho wai a cocnple'e cont'use to bin delicateiV'Conatirui'(i aud Hiui/uUrly refinmllookiu brother Kupert. Gt-ore St. C'aire woe a big stout yp up. with a bsodsome foco and florid somi-lexion, Loud voice, aod general air about bim of bluff freetfom ftrbm do'ifv<ui7tmalJiy. Por a few momeots uncle uu I on-e sio-ul looking at each other in sileoce, then Pearl o»m uearer, and said falteringly— 1 am Marguerite St. Claire, your brotbor Report's daughter. I saw your adverdsoment laat night by chance, and so I thought I would come.' 'Why, that's right. The ve y thiug I warned you to do. How ara ye, my dear?'— drawing her towards him «n i kissing her, ' How's father.' 'He is d d 1 catno (he low.tnued annwer. 'Dead. Rupert dead.' Ge rgo St. CUir looked staggered for the moment at tbe uews. ' P -or fcl ow,' he said at last. 1 1 hadn't beard a w -»d from bim for years ; but I bad thought a good deal about bim, . aod, when my wife died aud 1 was left all aloou io I th world the wish catno over mo to rcturo to E- glno'l and look bim up. I went to tbe old bouso I iu Kenaiug>on, but they didn't knew even tbo I name, aud I couldn't trace him. Tdcd I put that oouce iu (he paper, and, aa I receivsd no replies, 1 I had made up my miod to go back to Mlbooroo.' We lef' Kenxingroa eight yers ago, aud went I to Bmok Street,' Peart said. 'Father died there 1 last February.' ( 'Aud joit, my dear what are you doing. Living ' by yourself— eh.' 'Yen. I took a situation when father died ; but — hut I didn't stay there, and sioo tben I have had a atrugglo to live. L>st night I was in ! fruob despair that I thought I must put an end to | my wretched existence; then— theo 1 saw your name oo a pico of oewspaper they had wrapped . something io fur me, aud I gained curate, lor I , though'- you would take pity on me and help mo.' ' Sob choked her utterance ; she bwlf turner away \- and nut her handkerchief to her eyo<. 'Help you. Wny, mv dear. «»f oour-e I will. Come — sit down and tell all abnuf it. Yiu aod I are both loneiy people, so we muxt comfort evob other. I have a ore money than I know what to do wih, aod oobody to leave it to except you ; so, if you'll come aod bo my little girl, and take care r»f your old unote, why, I'm ready to givo you a home.' 'Oh. node, how can I thnok you.' 'By confiding io m. Tell mo about wbnt has happened sioce poor Rupert died. But first'— he rang the hell — 'you must bavo a glass of wioo aod something to rat ; you look like a ghost.' He bade tbo w&itor; bring some luncheon at once, aod then, haviog made Pearl remove her bonnet oud mantle, noting witb & pitying eye bow thinly clad she wso for the time of year, drew her obair to tbo table sod watched her while she ate tho food ho forced upoo hor, smiling benignly when the colour came back to ber face and the light of a glad relief to tbe and blue eyes. Whou tbe moal was oudod, he >a<d cheerily — 'That's better. You'ro too pretty, my dear, to look «o »od and woe.begone. Now let us draw our two chairs to the fi>e, and you sbiil toll mo how it comos that Rupert's daughter should have to woik for her living and have to ooutemplato ending her life. Don't h afraid — tell me everything ; you will oot repent it.' And &he; obeyed him. speaking of her father's crime, ><f its cous qucuccs to hurrclf, of Clive D irtreey tre«ch« ry, of In r own 8'ruL'gl- to live, till < he tear stood iu Ueorg S\ Clair cyea as wll ho hor own. aud he registered a men al vow that never nhould this ht-autiful creature, who reminded him of his wife when firxt he wood aod won her thirty- five years before, bo poor or louoly. Her reverence and love for her dead father wre percep tible in every ord she utteerd ; "he made n> corn- id tint of the aiigina which his crime had iovolved nor cas' on slur upou the uamo which, iu spite of all. held io sucb tender respect. Whco sbe had fiuubed hi r recitut, ber unolo took her bodily intu hie arms and kissed her over aud over again. 'You are a good girl — a bravo girl,' bo said. 'You shall be iny daughter, if you will, and h-tue o ub we will try to gt at tho truth of this matter, fur I'll never bolieve that the Rupert 1 r- member could have murdered vfellow-creature in cold blood. I've money, and that can do much. I'll set s detective to work at once.' 'Ob, if wc could only find out that he was innocent. Dear uocle I am so glad I have found you.' 'Aod I'm glad too. Only think— if I had gone hack to Melbourne before you com. I was oo thn poiot of doing so, but I WHDted to take back a carriog that Whitlnck is building for me, and it isn't ready. Now lot me boo— what did your father call you, my dear. Pearl. Ah, a very pretty name, too— suite you. Now, Pearl, I'm going to be y>ur father, and yon are my little girl — see. So tb first thing we'll do this afternoon will be to go to yuur lodgings aud pay up, aod fetch your traps away. Then yuu must go aud get a good rtg-out i f clothee ; I like to ee a womsu well dressed, and you ure a b auty, as I dare say you know very well by this time. I shall want you to bo uo end of a well, and d» your old dad credit.' 1 Dosr undo, I——' (to SB continued ) 