The Haunted Hut on Marra Creek, By -3 x 8. I. It) was in the days when droving was still a more profitable and faecioatiog game than it is to-day. We fcaxl just delivered a mob of buliooke at the trucking yards and I was travelling towards the main atwok route in search of another job. When looking out for a camp for myself and horses one afternoon, I sighted an old hut, almost hidden leom yiew by shady wilgas, in a narrow bend of Marra Creek. Like most deserted homesteads, it was surrounded by a patch of long, green grass. Just the thing, I thought — a roof for myself and *' picking' for the mokes. I rode over and inspected ib. It was a weird looking shanty. Half the iron roof was -blown away, and the wall facing east -and the slab-built chimney looked as if they had a good mind to fall down there and then. Inside was a worm-eaten table and three or four broken-down bunks. The earthem floor was swarming with frogs and toad stools, and the walls were a mass of moss and cobwebs ; while the hard, cold ashes in the fireplace were sure proof that nobody had camped in the place for years. I con sidered awhile, and thoughts ot saakes, scorpions, and other vermin induced me to ride on and look for a camp in the open. 'Monty,' my cattle-dog, qidntjti mem to care about the place either, for he sniffed suspiciously through a crack in the wall, shook his old-fashioned head as if he had his doubts about the shanty, and led the way further down the creek. I found gooi feed and plenty of wood in the next bend, hardly 200 yards away, so I unsaddled my horses, gave them a drink, hobbled them, and let them go for the night. Then I lit a fire and while the billy was boiling and the chops grilling, picked some ?' Australian feathers' {Lc, gnm leaves) to lie on and made myself cotu fort able. After a hearty meal, I lit my pipe and laid down and thought. It was a beautiful dear night. The sky was covered with millions of twinkling stars, and the moon was curiously peeping over a clump of dense mulga scrub. The solemn stillness was only broken by the plaintive cry of a passing curlew and the homely tiDkliog of my horse's belle. My pipe soon went out and I fell asleep with the dog at my feet watching over my welfare. I must have slept several houra when I was suddenly awakened by a gentle lap on my back. It was &$oiBt-v I rabbed my eyes and lo;»ked to see what was up. What a change ! The moon Wm h^aen, and it was pitch (Jarlt. The clear, starry sky of a few hours ago was covered by * «na_s at travelUng blaek and grey clouds. A bibjbsr cold nortb wiod wm rustling through the scrub, and I could hear faint roars of thunder in the distance. I jumped up, dressed hurriedly, and con sidered what to do. The storm was laBt approaching, and I hadn't many minutes to spare. The hut ! of coure the hut was my nearest refuge. But agaiti I thought of *he creeping things of the earth, and « ehudder went through me. No, I wouldn'c camp there at any price. The only thing left was to pitch my tent. When looking at the old ? shanty I had noticed some straight poles lying about. With v*ro or three of tjiem Jt could pitoh my teub ina very short time. 80, ordering the dog to watch my things, I hurried away for the sticks. Arrived, I found a heap of dry eaplings stacked against the leaning wall. As t Btooped to feel for straight ones— it was too dark to see—- 1 fancied % heatd a low moan ing sound in the hilt. I straightened and listened. But a gush of wind rattling through the iron roof drowned all other noise. ' Imagination,' I thought, and went on groping for |K»leB. But there it was again ! the same peculiar sound. I listened carefully onee more. Tesj there it was, louder than before. Now, a long drawn moan as from someone in great pain ;? then, quick, short groan^and chattering of teeth, like the gurgling death-rattle of the \- dying. What could it be? The whole surroundings seemed suddenly awfully lone and dreary, and somehow I began to tremble. Yet thoughts of things super natural didn't enter my mind, nor did my usual presence of mind leave me. I stood etill for a minute, and then sneaked on tip toes round to the back of the chimney. 1 ben, through an opening between the slabs, J felt the ashes. They were cold. I here c )uld be nobody .wide, for to light) a nre is the first thing a buehman does when camping. Another blast of wind, and then again [hat phattly groaning, growing louder and louder. ]-ear now began to seize me. I snatched some poles at random and walked sen or fifteen yards away, from here deter mined to solve the mystery. I threw^a ?andful of pebbles with great force onto ?Mj-srooJ of the hut and anxiouely awaited wault*. n.o hollow, crackling noise of the ?w hitting the iron w.-i. answered bv ;i 'earf.,1, unearthly yell ; followed by another aud y.-t another, ghostlier and louder than ? ths hrst. ? : ? — T^1^'^77^ muttered, and dropped ^y sticks. J or eomeseconds I wa? paralysed Iml u ?v-ry XhoBb yarn» ev'ry haunted nut horror I had heard since childhood, flashed vividly through my mind. It was awful ! Recovered from the shock, I ran as fast as my trembling legs would carry me. Through bunches of ^prickly scrub, over fallen logs, falling down and scrambling up again as quick. My shitt was torn to rags and my f^ce and bands bleeding when I reached camp. Monty, my dog, met me. He was my saviour. But for him I believe I should have died of fear that night. The sight of him calaoed me down. language can't express how I loved the old dog at that moaaent. He seemed to know that I was terribly agitated, for again and again he jumped up licking my hands trying to pacify me. \ In the mean time Nature's elements were fairly set loose. Lightning?, followed by terrific clouds of thunder, flashed in all directions. Limbs were falling all around me, and trees cracking everywhere, so fierce blew the gale, and the rain was pour ing down. I little heeded it all. The moroful moans and yells were still ringing in my ears, and threatened to drive me mad. Thank heavens! ray horses had strayed in opposite direction to the hut. Snatching the bridles I ran and caught them. They were huddled close together, and sncrted and trembled with fear. Back at the csinp, I saddled up and rode off ior my life. Heedless of the ram beatiqg into my face tmd through my cloths. Heedless of the dirkntas, tha falling limbs and the almost blinding flushes of chain lightning ! ~ I rode all night, and never before or since in my life did I welcome the break of daylight like-febat morlaing ! As long as I live I shall never forget that awful night, and shall always be reminded of it by my hair, which had turned now white duiidg those few hours. IT. A cold winter's night on the Lachlan. All bauds in Maid rum's survey cimp, in cluding the surveyor himself, were sittiug round a healthy fire. Ghost yarns bad, as usual on such occas svons, been the topic. 'Ghosts and spooks and such like/' remarked the surveyor, 'are in my opinion nothing but bosh and humbug; created by diseased and imagina tive minds.' 'Eh, what, 'said the cook, a shrivelled up old fellow, 'bosh, boss? an' whit 'jer call it naiads f Shows what'jer keows about it ! Now, jer've all told a Io5 b' jams jer've beard tell, but none of j^z can talk from experience. If jer'll listen fur two minutes Vll teli jtz what I oust saw wid tee own eyes. iTer all know I ain't a chap to tell fibs an' makeup things. An' jer all know h3W I takes bad wid rhumatics, sometimes, pertickler when rain's stickitig out. The boss know that, eh boss? Many time Jer stopped 'ome an' missed a wettin', eh ? But ter my yarn, ' It'salong time ago now. I'se ' chequed up,' an' wur makin' cross country W a township. Jes, jer need'nt laugh !— fur a bit of a epree Td been 'itchin fur. J'ae shepterdin in them day?, and I knew the lay of the country. The third morning on the track I feels the rhumatics— bad luck to it l^-creep up my ieg«. I'm * fioia' ter catch 'fore night, eez I to myself, an' I must look for shelter ! There uster be' a dummie's place in my time no more 'n 7 or 8 miles from where I wur then. 'It might be there ? still, «ez I, an* makes tracks straight fur it. I got there just afore dark. The hut was still there, only a. bit oldish— an1 weather beaten-lookia'. l*mt half the ro f waa water-tight, an' that did rne._L 'The pains in me legs were gettm' worse an' woraer. I never lit a fire or anything ; turned straight into one of the bunks. It did'n' look a bit like rain then, but the way I wuz suffaria' I knew 'twas a coming. It came doss ter 12 o'clock. Holy juoipin' Moses ! How did it come 3 It blew a hurrican, an' every minute I 'speeted ter see the roof say * good bye.' The row of the loose sheets of iron an' the cracking of the whole wuk awful ter listen to, an' the lightnin' wuz enough toiriind a strouomer. In fact the equarkin' of frogs, and the rusblin', rattlin' and equeakin1 'bout the ole place scared the life oueer me. 'Suddenly when it calmtd down a bit I bears somethin' walkio' about outside. I laid as still as I could. Only how and then I had ter let a groan, the pains wur too bad ter keep it in. It relieves jez, a groan doe?. After awhile I hears the steps agen. I knew it was'nfc a sheep or a horse. I could tell by_j the steps. How it was urn akin' round lo %he back of the fire place N 1 human bein', thinks I, can be out in eich a night in this lonely *pot, an' the culd sweat rose on my forehead when itstfucknae ittoight be cheghostofsomemurdered fellow. My heart was beat in' like a horseshoe, an' I could hear myself groanin' like a pig. Well, chape, fur the first time in my life I prayed. Jist then a big flash o' lightnin' lit up the hut, an' as true as I'm standin' here, I saw a bare human arm, cut off at the elbows, grope an1 wriggle about the ashes, in the old fireplace, like a snake. 'The sighbtooktne breath cleanaway, an' made me hair stand up. 1 shivered orfully, an1 the wurst of it 1 couM'nt help groanin', for the life o' me. The.p it f t ttted ter blow again, an' 1 could1 nt hear no more. Pre-~ ? ki-.nly I hears a rush of feet outside and a mighty sound in the air ? \ Then all of a euddan, ' I shall never forgtt it,' cried the old man, in an excited tone of voice, and a wild, scared look in his eyes, as if he were going through it all again, there came a hailstorm of sticks, stones, 4iidJGbdJcnows what else— down on the roof an' through it on the table and me bunk. ' I thought me time had come, an' hell an' all the devils wur let loose on me, I letB fly two or three loud, jells fur help, an' ? , well, I must have gone off into a fit or somethin*, fur I don'* remember any thin4 more till I woke up next momio'. The storm bad' cleared away. The birds wur singin' outside, an' the sun shinin' through the open roof. \ L' The rhurcatics hftd lef t me, eo I rolls up me swag at oust, ter get away from the haunted shanty. Did I look ? Jes, I looked in the fire- place, and there was fresh and plain finger marks in the ashes. Besides the table and the floor: was covered with little stones. Jet the devil a track could I find outside. Well, now, bos?, if there wur'nt ghost 'bout that there hut, don't tell me jer can strike a line due north an' south.' 