PARSON QUAYLE'S LETTER. Hear John, — Before thisletterreaclies you, or perhaps along with it, you will receive the news that tells you what it is. I am 'in' John. I can say no more than that. The doctor tells me it may be now or then or at any time, but i am looking for my en largement soon, and whether it comes to morrow sunset or jvith to-day's next tide, I leave myself in Hia hands, in Whose hands wo all are. Well hns the wise man said, 'The day of death is better than the day of our birth,' so with all good will, and what legacy of strength old age has left to me, I send you my last word and message. "Mypoorold daughters are sorely stricken, bub Glory is still brave and true, being, as she always was, a quivering bow of stetel. People tell me that the poor motherisstrong in the girl, and; the spirit of the mother's race; but well I know the father's stalwart soul supports her; and I pray God that when my dark hour comes her loving and coura geous arm may be around me. "That brings mo to the object of mv let ter. This living will soon be vacant, and I am wondering who will follow in my feeble steps. It is a sweet spot; John. The old church does not look so ill when the sun shines on it, and in the summer time this old garden is full of fruit and flowers. Did I ever/ tell you- that Glory was born here? I never had another grandchild, and we were great comrades from the first. She was a wiBe and winsome little thing, and I was only an old child myself, so we had many a run and romp iii these grounds together. When I try to think of the place -without her it is a vain effort, and n painful one; and even while she was away in your great and wicked Babylon, with its dangers and temptations, her little ghost seemed to lurk at the back .of every uush and tree, and sometimes it. would leap out on me and laugh. . "It is months Bince I saw your father, but they tell me he has lately burnt his bureau making one vast bonfire of the gatherings of 20 years. That is not such ill news either, and maybe now the great ado that worked such woo is put by and gone, lie would rejoice to see you buck at home, and open his hungering aims to you. ' But my eyes ache, and my pen is shak- ing. Farewell! Farewell! .Farewell! An old man leaves you bis blessing, John. oou grant that in His own good tunc we ran meet in a blessed paradise, rejoicing m lus gracious mercy, and X. Glory's letter and its enclosure fell on John Storm like rain in tlie face of a man on horseback — he only whipped up and vj ent faster. "How can I find words, he wrote, "to express what Ycel at wour mouuuul news? Yet why mournful? His life s mission was fulfilled, liis death was a peaceful \ ic- tory, and we ought to rejoice that lie wns so easily released. I trust you will not mourn too heavily for him or allow ins death to stop your life. It would not be right. No trouble came near his stainless heart— no slindow of sin; his old ago was i a peaceful day winch lasted until sunset, lie was a creature that had no falsetto in a single fibre of his being— no slindow of al- fectation. He kept like tins through all our complicated existence in this artificial world, absolutely unconscious of the hollow- ness and pretension and sham .that sur rounded him— tolerant loo and kind to all. Then why moan for lum? He is gathered in; he is safe. ... . His letter wns touching in its nrttul sim plicity. It was' intended to ask me to apply tor his living. -..But my duty is here, and London must make the best of me. let more than ever now I feel my .responsibility with regard to yourself. The time- is not ripe to advise you; I- am on the eve of a great . effort. Many-things have to be tried, many things attempted. ; It is u g'dhcnng ol inannii. a little-' every day. To God s kcep- iug.and protection, meantime, I commit you. Comfort your aunts, and let me know it there is anything tlint can be done tor them." The ink of tliis letter was scarcely drj' when John Storm was in the middle of something else. He was in a continual fever now. Above all his great scheme for the rescue and redemption of women and children pos sessed him. He called it Glory b scheme when he talked of it to himself. It might be in the teeth of nineteenth centui-y mora lity, but what matter about that? It was on the lines of Christ's teaching when he forgave1 the. .woman and shamed the hypo crites. He would borrow- for it, beg for it, and there might be conditions under which he would steal for it too. Mrs. Callcnder shook her head. I much misdoubt there'll be scandal, laddie. It s a woman's work, I'm thinking." " 'Be thou as clinste as ice, auntv, as pure as snpw' . . . but no matter! I in tend to call out the full power of a united church into the warfare against this, high wickedness. Talk of the union of Christen dom! If -we are in earnest about it we'll unite to protect and liberate our women." "But where's the siller to come frae, lad die?" "Anywhere— everywhere! , Besides I have a bank I can alwaj-b draw on, aunty." "You're no meaning the Prime Minister again, surely?" "I mean the king. God will provide for me, as in this, so in everything. Thus his reckless, enthusiasm bore down everything, and back of all his thoughts was the thought of Glory. He was pre paring a way for her; she was coming back to a great career, a glorious mission. Her bright soul would- shine like a star; she would see that. he had been right and faith ful; an then — then . But it was like wine coursing through his veins— he could not think of it. Three thousand pounds had to be found to buy or build homes with, nnd he set out to beg for this money. His first call wns at Mrs. Mackray's. Going up to the house he met the lady's poodle in a fawn colored wrap coming "out in charge of a footman for; its daily walk round the square. He gave the name of "Father Storm," and ; after some minutes of waiting he was told; that the lady had a headache and was not receiving that day. j "Say the nephew of the Prime Minister j wishes to see her," said John. | Before the footman had returned again there was the gentle rustle of a dress on the stairs, and the lady herself was saying — | "Dear Mr. Storm, come up. My servants are real tiresome — they are always confusing names.". . Before they were seated in the drawing-' room Mrs. Mackray had plunged into an account of her anxieties as ri mistress, what care she took in the selection .of strictly evangelical church people, yet how hard it was to trust the certificates which she' al ways required of a thorough change of heart, and how often she had been deceived. Time had told on her; she was looking elderly, and tlie wrinkles about her eyes could no longer be smoothed out. But lier 'front" wns curled and she was still satu rated in eau de Cologne. "I heard of your return, dear Mr. Storm," she said in the languid voice of the great lady, but the accent of St. Louis; "My daughter told me about it. She was always interested in your work, you know. Oh, yes, quite well and having a real good time m Pans! Of courso you know bIic has been married. A great blow to me naturally, but being God's will, I felt it was my duty as a mother ..." and j then a pathetic description of her maternal sentiments, consoled by the circumstance that lier son-in-law belonged to "one of the Jest families/' and that she was continually getting newspapers from "the other side containing full accounts of the wedding, and of the dresses that wero worn at it. John twirled his hat in his hand and lis- tcned. "And what are your dear devoted people doing down there in Soho?" Then John told of his work for working girls, and the great lady pretended to be (deeply interested. "Why, they'll soon "be better than the upper classes/' she said. John thought it was not improbable, but he I went on to tell of his scheme, and how small was the sum required for its execution, i Only three thousand! That ought to he easily iixed up. Why, certainly l'r I Charity is the salt of riches; madam, and if rich people would remember that their : wealth is a trust ..." j "1 do— I always do. 'Lay not up for your self treasures on earth'— what a beautiful . text thut Is! j - "I'm clad to hear you say so, madam," said John, so uiany Christian people allow that i-i 1BJho f tl widow. and fatherless, while the gods they really worship arc the gods of silver and cold." "But I love the dear children, and I like to. go-to the lnslituion to see them in their nice white pinafores, making their curt seys. But what you say is real true, Mr i btorm, and since. I came from Sent Louis Lye seen considerable people who are that silly about cats. . . "-und then a. long story of the folly of a lady friend who had once had a pet Persian, and 'it died, nnd thftn blie wore crape "for it, and .you could never mention a> cat in her hearing after wards; ' ' , At that .moment tlie poodle came backi from his walk, and the lady called it to her fondled it affectionately, said it was a pre sent from her poor dear husband, and launched into an account of her anxieties respecting it, being delicate and liable to colds, notwithstanding tlio trousseau (it was n ladv poodle) which the fashionable dog tailor in Regent-street had provided for lt-John got up to take bis leave. "May I then count on your kind support- on behalf of our poor women and children ol bono : "All, of course, that matter. 'Well," you see," as she gave him two fingers, the Arch deacon kindly comes to talk 'city' with me— in fact. I'm expecting him to-day; and 1 never do anything without asking his ad vice, never, in, my present state of health, I have a weak heart you know," with her head aside- nnd her saturated pocket-hand kerchief at lier nose. "But has the Prime Minister done anything?" ' "He hns advanced me £2000. "Really?" rising and kicking her train., "Well, as I Bny, wo ought to fix it right away. Why not hold a meeting in my drnwingroom. all denominations you- sny? I don t mind — not in a cause like that," and she glanced round her room as if thinking it was always 'possible to disin fect it afterwards. Somebody was coughing loudly in the hall as John stepped downstairs. It was the archdeacon coming in. "Ah," he exclaimed, with a flourish of the hand, greeting John as if they had ported yesterday and on tlio best of terms. Yes, there had been changes, and ho was promoted to a sphere of higher use fulness. True his good friends had looked for something still higher, -but it , was the premier archdeaconry, at all events, mud in the-chufch, os.in life'.generally, the spirit. of compromise ruled everything. Ho asked what John was doing, aiid on ueing told, he said with a somewhat more worldly air, "Be careful, my dear Storm; don't encour age vice. For my part, I am tired of the fallen sister. To tell you the truth, I deny tlie name. The painted Jezebel of the Picca dilly pavement is.no sister of mine." "We don't choose our relations, arch deacon," said John. "If God is our father, then all men are our brothers and all women are our sisters, whether we like it or not." "Ah! The same man still, I see. But we will not quarrel about words. Seen the dear First Lord lately? Not very lately. Ah, well," with a superior smile, "the air of Downing-stroet — it'S so bad for the memory, they say," and -coughing loudly again, he stepped upstairs. » John Storm went home that day light handed, hut with a heavy heart. "Begging is an ill trade on a fast day, laddie, said Mrs. Callender. "Sit ye down, and tak' some dinner." "How dare these people pray 'Our Father which art in henven'? It's blasphemy— it's deceit!" "Aye, and tliey would deceive God about their dividends if He couldn't see into their safes." , "Their money is the meanest thing heaven f fives them. If I asked them for their leallh or their happiness, Lord, God, what would tliey say?" Oil the . Sunday night following John Storm preached to an overflowing congrega tion from the text — "This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and liono- retli me with their lips, hut their heart is far from me." But a few weeks afterwards his face was bright and liis voice wns cheery, and he was writing another letter to Glory: — "In full swiug at last, Glory. To enrry out my new idea I had to get £3000 more of my mother's money from my uncle, lie gave it up cheerfully, only saying he. was curious to see what approach to tlie Chris tian ideal the situation of civilisation per mitted. But Mrs. Callcnder iB 'dour,' and every time I spend 0d. of my own money' on the church she utters withering sarcasms about being only a 'daft auld woman her self,' anil then I have to caress and coax her. "Tlie newspapers were facetious nbout 'Baby Houses until they scented the Prime Minister at the back of them, and now tliey call them' the 'Storm Shelters,' and christen my nightly processions, "The White Cross Army. Even the archdeacon hns begun to tell the. world how he 'took an interest' in me from the first and gave mo my title. I met him again the other day at a rich woman's house. Hero we had only one little spar, and yesterday he wrote urging me to 'organise my great effort,' and have a public dinner.in honor of its inauguration. I did not think God's work could he well done by people dining in herds nnd drinking bottles of champagne; but I showed no ; malice. In fact I agreed to hold a meeting : in the lady's drnwingroom, to which clergy men, laymen and members of nil denomina tions are being invited, for this is a cause that rises above all differences of dogma, | and I intend to try what can be done I towards a union of Christendom on a social l basis. Mrs. Callender is 'dour' on that sub ject, too, reminding me that where the par- case is there will the eagles ho gathered together. The archdeacon thinks we must have the meeting before the 12th of August, or not until after the middle of September, and Mrs. Callender understands this to mean that the Holy Ghost always goes to . alee) in the grouso ReaBon. "Meantime, my girls' club goes like a forest fire. We aro in our renovated clergy house at last, and havo everything comfortable. J.wo hundred members already, chiefly dress makers and tailors and girls out of the jam and match factories. The bright, merry young things, rejoicing in their brief blos soming time between girlhood and woman hood, I love to ho among them and to look at their, glistening eyes! Mrs. Callender blows withering blasts on this head also," saying it is no place for a 'laddie,' where upon I lie low and think muclr, but say nothing. j ."Our great night is Sundny night after ser- |Vice. Yes, indeed, Sunday! That's just when the devil s houses are all open round about us, and why should God's house he Bhut up? It is all very Well for the people who havo on y one Sabbath in the week to keep it wholly holy. I have Boven, beilig a follower of Jesus, not of Moses. But the rector of the parish hns begun to complain Vt' ,1,ltS1?". and to tell the bishop I ought to be mended' or 'ended' immedi- atoly. It fioems tlint my doi'iitm' nrr» 'inde- cent and unnecessary,' and my"scrmoris are a violation of all the sanctities, all the mo desties of existence. Poor dumb dog, teach ing the Gospel of Don't! -The, world has , never been .reformed by 'resignation' to the | of llfe r converted by 'silence' "How I wish you were hero in themidst of it all! And who knows? Perhaps you will be. some day yek- Do.not trouble to answer this. I will write again soon. Au revoirl" i\ (To be continued.) 