COI'VKKJHT. CHAPTI II XXXII.-KRINK IS Viuwiuous AU, AlJINII T11K ¡ASK. Thu leila- fiuidheil, ehcsctuljiiui cotiii)lelin| her preparations for au immediate departure Her bim was soon packed, and in less Hun ai hour elie was really for her journey. She sat down in thc cool morning to a wai thc hour when she might call upon Mr Kennett, but after a timo found iuaclioi quite uubearublc. She looked at her watch lt was not quile six o'clock. There was nc one stirring in ihc neighbourhood of lier room, so elie opened the door und went quietly down to I lie hall, wlicru she found several ol the tenants leaving for their day's work. Without a word to anyone, she Blipp d quietly out. She walked rapidly across High-street, through Furgutc, Barker's Pool, sud thcucu on to thc Moor, sud in tho direction ol Sharrow Vale. The fresh morning air revived bur a little, as it fanned her pale, cheeks, but no [{lenin of rising sunlight could brighten up those heavy eyes. Walking aud loitering she passed tho time until Bhe thought Mr. Menuett would have breakfasted, and then faintly turned her steps towards his door. To say that that gentleman was surprised at her uppi-aruncc and intentions would be to uudorstatc thc cuse uounidcrably. Gravely und earnestly, with all thc feeling eloquence of his kindly nature, lie strove to combat lier resolution and to fathom thc cause of hor extraordinary conduct. " It is no use, Mr. Kennett," she said ot length, " I am uuable to tell you why I must act thus-thc secret is not my own to tell and I must bc silent whether I will or no." She bad been very plain and blunt with him, had shown scarcely any traces of deep feeling as she laid thc case before him, but it seemed that ut last his persistence wearied out her resolution tu appear calm. " We must stop the discussion at once," she cried in pained tones. " I can stand it no longer. Believe mc, the idea of being Mr. Blake's wife altered, while it was a possibility, my whole being. Life Beeined about to be- come a higher and more beautiful thing than I had ever inugiued it could be. I realise, you can never know how fully, all I am losing, all I have lost, but- it must bc. Fate, Providence, whatever you will has decreed it. In the whole world lhere is but one course open to mc- submission ! Do not, I pray you, sir, make my lot harder by further entreaty !" She paused, aud he looked ut lier in silence for quite a minute. Wbeu he spoke again there was that in his voice that touched and strengthened her. " Miss Calvert, from what I have seen of you I quite believe that only tbo best intentions, thc purest motives, could move you to take such a course as this. I am con- vinced, further, that something of a very serious nature has happened to induce you to adopt it. I pity you from my heart, for I knowthatyoumustneedii. Youinaycoinmaud my services in any way you choose, and I shall be proud sud glad to do all in my power to assist you." Thc tears welled up in her eyes at his generous offer, but she repressed them firmly. "I should do wrong to reject your aid," she replied, "and I will eagerly avail myself of it. I have a few pounds, but they will not last me very loug, and I want you to bud mc a place if you can where I may maintain my- self by my own labours, I am a good nurse, as you will admit, sir," with the ghost of a smile, 11 and if you could obtain me a situation in one of the hospitals I should be very thankful. I want no sinecure, you under- stand ; it must be a place where ibero is work, and plenty of it. if I cannot work I shall go i mad." ! " Yes, yes, he answered. *' lor all great trials work i» a necessity. When do you propose to leave Sheffield !" "To-day," she said. "I shall shall go direct from here to thc railway station." "Do you not intend, then, to see your father again-your mother ?" "No, responded the girl with a shiver. " Let toe have my own way, please." He Baw that there was something amiss here that all his efforts must fail to amend, and urged her no further. " Where do you propose to go !" " Anywhere. All pisces are alike to nie. Have you any idea ss to where I could get a situation at once ? If so I would accept it to- morrow. The sooner I find something to occupy myself with the better." He considered a few minutes. " Since we conceive the notion of founding a new hospital here," he said at length, " I have, as you know, been in correspondence with ono of thc Loudun institutions with regard to thc requirements of such a building. I have no doubt that I oould obtain you a place at once in St. Margaret's, if you like to go there." " Are you sure of this ?" "Quite sure," he answered. "I know Dr. Ellis, the principal, very well." " Then to London I will go. Can you give me the train times !" " Yes if you are really determined not to give yourself thc opportunity for further re- action." " It would be positively useless, and I dare not 1" " Then you may leave here about eleven o'clock. I will wire Dr. Ellis to send someone to meet you. "Ob, there is no necessary for that," " There may be," replied Mr. Kennett, ? firmly. " And it is best to do so. And now, I rely upon you to keep me acquainted with your whereabouts iu the event of your leaving St. Margaret's. Wc must keep you in sight, M ¡SB Calvert. We never know what may happen, and I cannot reconcile myself to the thought of losing sight of you in the great vortex of London." "I am very great ful for your kindness. Very greatful indeed. I will promise to let you have my address very gladly, lint it must be on the plain understanding that it is known to you alane, and that you will under no cir- cumstance acquaint anyone el..! with it unless vou havo HIV authority todo so." Thc ourate quite understood thc person she had in mind, hut utter a momentary considera- tion gave til« required assurance. " 1 think that is all, sir," shesaid at length. " For tho present I must say good-hyo." She held out hor little hand, and he took it in a wann, friendly grasp. "There is no help for it?" he asked, im- pelled to make one last appeal, for bc knew how muuh unhappiness her departure would be the cause of ; knew also that thc good work must inevitably suffer by her action. " There is not 1" she answered wearily. " Do not try mc further. I begin to feel faint-hearted-childish. (Jood-bye, sir !" " Good-bye, Misa Calvert-Taphonos. There is that in your face that forbids me tn oppose you. You need comfort that can only come from one source. You remember, my dear, what Longfellow says '|Ah, »hen thc infinito burden of life descendent upon us Then it ls ffood to pray unto God, for his Borrowing children TurnB Uc ne'er from His door, but helps and heals and consoles them.' That, Tnphcnes, prayer and thu work of heal- ing others muy console even you. May God be with you. Good-bye !" With a ohokiug sob shu turned hurriedly from him and was gone. Gone to battle with the great sorrow that had fallen upon her ; to struggle iii thc unsympathetic city with thc passionate yearnings of hst heart, with the shatlored hopes and vanished visions, newly-horn and stifled in the moment of their birth. OMÎTES XXXiri.-MB KWNETT'SCOB HESl'ONDKNOE. Summer aud autumn bad fled, winter wai on tile land. Abner Blake waa away in tbi Southorn States of America. His last letter which lay at this inomen' before Mr. Kennett was dated from Albany, Georgia. Mrs Bees' tho housekeeper, still kept things in readineei for his return to the cottage, but there cami as yet no news tuat his aimless and feverish wanderings were nearing their elate, Brocee HCJUSC, not yet couvertcd ¡uta an hospital, still held John XreuBon securely in confinement and his keeper, who had deteriorated sadly during the absence of his master, had another lodger in thc [UM Bon of Scrib Litton. The lad had bocuscnl there duriug tho troublous days Unit had followed upon the flight of Taphcues when Abner was iu a state to bear uo one about him, aud as upon the young man's departure from the town it bad al first been determined to close the cottage, he was allowed to remain lhere. Later, when mattera had calmed donn and Mia. lines found she was lo reniai» in I lie houso ou thc ulT-chance of the owner's unlooked-for return, she would have liked i he boy back again ; but he was fdccinaled by the great, old-fashioned rooms of Iiis new home and the freedom he enjoyed there, thc only restriction being Kriuk's vigorous warning against any trespass in thc »ld wing of thc building, aud he bad iuduced Mr. Kennett, who was left in sole charge of everything, to allow him lo remain. On thia particular moraine, the latter-named gentleman, as he sat at his writing-lablc, WAS a good deal dissatisfied. Two letters lay before him. A perusal of them will io a great measure explaiu thc situation he was io. " My dear Kennet," ran Abner's com- munication, "Iregretthedin^culties mentioned in your last, and wish lo say that I give you the fullest possible liberty to act as you think heat lu all thc cases you usmc. Tho money is at your comniaud ; usc it solely as you think moBI fit. (Jet what good you eau out of it ; for the rest, spend it as vou choose. " I am extremely obliged to Dr. Jones for his assistance in regard to the hospital scheme, and as the temporary building yon have secured is already full I shall bo pleased if he will select a site for the propoied now one, and if you will put the work in band at once. Kritik is perhaps right after all as to the un- fitness nf Broceo House, and yon may let it remain as it is until my return. "As to Coleen's conduct, I leave you to deal with i'. You quite understand my reasons for giving him the place of manager in the Artisans' Home. I was certainly not bliud to his faults, but he seemed so cut up about Taphenes's flight that both on his account and her own <eouie recompense ap- peared to be due to him. " 1 gather from \oat letter that he is doing all he can to render the experiment a failure, aud you, therefore, have my my full per- mission to dispense with Ilia services at once. Í make only ono condition-sec that he docs not want. He ÍB, after all, her father, and 1 could not bare I he idea I hat she should pained by any privation he may uudergo, although, perhaps, well deserved. " And now as to myself. I really feel aB little inclined to return as upon the day I left. I have always flattered myself that I was no coward ; I know now that Í am one of lb« worst. I dare not face Sheffield ; dare not tread, inberabsence, the streets where we have wulked together, or alone re- enter upon the labours in which she was the guiding spirit. I am hurrying here and there, 'Constantly moving from place to place, boping that change of ecene and new surroundings will induce forgetfulness and bring back peace. Rut all is in vain. The darkness has swallowed me, and I feel as if there was, for me, no return to light and sunshine. You do not know, and language as I understand it ia all too week to convey to any mortal the depth of my despair. More than once or twice I have felt impelled to go westward, plunge into the pathless forestB, and there roam about until death brought an end to thc straggle. Only a stroug sense of duty prevents Íputting the idea into execution, and to you, or taking for a time upon yourself the labour I ought and must return to, my deepest and sincerest thanks are due. Do your nest, my I dear friend ; give me a little longer time in I which to conquer the deadly and desperate blow I yet struggle under. 1 endose a letter for ber. If she replies, let me have it with your own. I go from here to Kew Orleans, from thence np the Mississippi to St. Louis, where I shall await your ' reply at the en- closed address. " Accept my kindest regards, and believe me to be ever yours most sincerely, "Abner Blake." Mr. Kennett's reply was beside it, and read as follows : " Mv dear Abner. " First and foremost I return your enclosure to Mifs Calvert. The last command I received from her was an imperative one to forward her no more letters from you. They give pain to both of you, and, sofaras yourself are concerned, tend to foster hopes that can never be realised. That is what she says, and I am bound to add that so long as matters remain in their present condition I think she is per- fectly right. I cannot, in the faoe of her prohibition, Bend the missive on, and I there- fore let you have it back again herewith. And now, my dear Abner, you must come home at once. The mere fact that I have allowed yon to delegate to me the performance of duties you ought to attend lo makes me a sharer in the blame which attaohes to you for absence. Quite apart from this reason, which is in itself, however, enough to induce me to pray for your speedy return, there is confront- ing us the bard fact that shipwreck inevitably awaits our whole undertaking uuless you come at once. I have forestalled your instructions in regard to Calvert. He has gone hopelessly wrong-there has been quite a mutiny in the Artisans' Home against his conduct. I have superseded bim after submitting to tho most. impudent insults from him, and now that all his accounts are before inc I find there is a deficit of nearly two hundred pounds, of which j he decliues point-blank to render my explana- tion. "Dr. Jones still thinks Broceo House the most suitable place by far for our new hospital, but Kriuk absolutely refuses to budge without your personal commands. Further, I am aware of no other place which is obtainable at present, and this affair, there- fore, is also at a standstill until you again choose to attend to it yourself. Erink, so far as I can see, is fast becoming a perfect drunkard. I dropped across bim twice last week in un in- toxicated condition. On the second occasion I understand that he met Calvert ; the two, never good friends, as you may remember, got speedily at loggerheads. Krink accused him of being thc cauBe of all the unhappiness that has taken place, and, so I hear, threatened that he would get bim hung some day. Seriously, I think Calvert is a very bad lot, and have also, Bince I heard of this quarrel, an idea that his daughter's flight is in Borne way con- nected with his conduct. " For the rest, everything is going wrong. I am hoing robbed in every possible manner. I belong to the old Behool, yon know, and these people havo a hundred means of swindling me that I am powerless to detect. I have a crowd of men about me, each of whom is ' engaged iu getting hold of all be can by every shift he can devise. My whole life has been passed in work amongst thc poorer classes, but formerly I was almost as penniless as themselves, and they looked gratefully upon my efforts ; to-day I am the I man who has the distribution of a heap of money belonging lo someone else. Whatever they can get out of me they know full well ÍB not my own. It is not I they are pluoking ; if it wore they might bc morsiful ; it is you, tho absentee, and therefore they arc remorse- less. " TJudcr these circumstances I am bound to say, much BB I dislike doing so, that unless you como home by tho first mall I must wash my liandB of everything. " I have no news iu regard to Miss Calvert beyond tbe fact that «he is Btill at the hospital she went to on leaving Sheffield. The med ¡eal offioer in charge there writes me to say that she is simply invaluable, and is adored by tho unfortunate inmates. It is a real pleasure to me to know that she has not sufficient money to bc running about the United States seeking a salve for her great sorrow, which is, I doubt not, as poignant as your own. Think of what she is doing, Abner, my friend, and do not any longer hesitate to play thc man. Let the sacred call of duty have the preference over a continued indulgence in grief at a calamity which, how- ever painful it may bc, is apparently inevitable. "1 trust to your belier nature to respond immediately to my uppeal, and confident that my trust will uot bc misplaced, am " Your most sincere friend, "John Kennett." As the writer, for thc last time, glanced over his long missive ere sealiug it, a sigh escaped him. " I nm very hard upon him, I fear," he said. "Hut uothiug except strong words will recall him to his former self." And with this thc old man closed the letter and despatched it on its way. (7'o ht continued.) 