NOTES AND COMMENTS. A country paper, not in Australia, " without intending to be personal," intimates that if the local postmaster resigned many people would feel less anxious about their money letters. The following is alleged to be an extract from a let'.er fxom a recently-arrived Eastern dude to his brother on t'otherside : " I have swopped my preseniation walking-stick for a two-quart water-bag, r_s it is the correct thing here to carry a water-bag in your right hand." The man who attempted 10 light the highest bonfire at Wellington (N.Z.) ou Jubilee night was blown completely away by the force of tbe gale, and was afteiwards rescued from the branches of a tall bluegum tree. This is about the part of !he mountains where the Cook's Straits zephyrs blow the trains down the,hill sides. Our graceful " Orthia, 1 ' in tbe Ladies' column, jumps with both feet fea the unhappy compositor and the other minions who may be held responsible for errors m her Chatter of last Saturday. We have hanged the comp and fired the minions who made iier say in print that a citizen attended a recent bail clad in a red corner blind. We hasten now to correct the error. The gentleman" went in a comerbund—not exactly a blind, being soau-thiug more in tbe sash line. A Cape paper says that Mr Cecil Rhodes i:arrowly escaped being burnt to death recently. A fire broke out in his bedroom and he slept on until awakened by the police. Our contemporary says : " Ho was quite cool." The man must be a'veritable human iceberg. u Quite cooiand his bed on fire ? Next gentleman with a Rhodes story, please. A young doctor who had started a new practice in this country met one of the old practi ioners the other day who asked : " Well, how are you getting on ?" " First rate," replied the doctor; " I've had one case —midwifery, you know." " And how did you succeed ?" " Well, the woman died and the child died ; but I think I'll save the old man." In Court.—Counsel : " Will your Worship tak-} that down Popular J.P.: " In the first place, you have no right to tell me to take anything down ; in the second place, I would not take it if you did, unless I waoted to ; and in the third place, I have taken it down," " Poverty is increasing all over the world," remarked Mr Haucock oracularly to the Oid Age Pensions Commission in Melbourne on Thursday ; ''that.is my experience.' Whereupon several broken- down miners, with families ranging from ten and twelve children upwards, looked hard and enviously at thf rotund and comfortable figure of the Labor member for Footscray, and appeared to think that the word poverty wa?, after all, but a comparative term. It is to be regrettei that one of our otherwise estimable citizens is so wr tchedly shorttempered. Yesterday a man in a hurry met him in the passage-way of an ho; el. Both were hurried. Each stepped to the right. Then each stepped to the left. Whereupon both stepped to the right. Then the otherwise estimable citizen stood still, and glaringly savagely at the other, enquired, " What is your game ? I didn't come in here to dance a blanky schottische." The following is a c >py of a letter which was received at the meeting of the St Peter's (Adelaide) Corpora' ion at its last meeting:— '•To his worship the mayre and councillors gentlemen since the making of Wheatonroad and the heavy rain my fence gave way which the foot parth gave way too Please to send few loads of dirt so tbatlcan macke the foot path secure Also I wish to have into my a Lottment No 3 a crossing I remain your obedient servant - God Bless us all." The Council granted Jiim his dirt. Just how the W.A. agriculturist is progressing on the highway to affluence was well brought out the other day in a conversation between a commercial traveller and a storekeeper in one of our South-Western agricultural areas. Commercial — " (rood morning, Mr Jones, and how do you find tra. ie ?" Storekeeper — " Well, there's no cash trade at all; the little that is doing is all tick. The only customer I've had for nearly a week was old Mrs Brown, wife of the man that's farmiog the side of the hill over there. She bought a egg's worth of tea, and got trusted for it till her speckled pullet lajs." In another column appears an account of a French duel which took place between M. de Rignier and Count Montesquoue recently. Our London correspondent referred to the difficulty last month. The shedding of gore was rendered necessary to satisfy the honor of the count, by remarks on his cowardly conduct made by de Rignier s sister-in-law ivi connection with the awful fire at the bazaar in Paris. The fight was a very quiet affair The parties got together and after a few passes the man who fought for his sister-inlaw cut the finger of his adversary. Blood flowed and honor was satisfied. They fell upon each other's necks and left tbe gory battle-ground together. There does not seem to have been too much vim in the contest. Neither the challenger nor the challenged was eager to slay his adversary and took no chances of being made a ghost of himself. There was no Corsican Brothers battling with hiltless swords and lightning in the eyes of the combatants. Altogether the French duel is a good deal like one alleged to have occurred in the early days of these fields. A couple of pioneers quarrelled over a game in which both were playing all they knew. One was a very large man and the other a very little one. But the little fellow had a heart as big as a heap of road metal, and knowing he had no chance in the fight which should have followed the slap in the face he received, promptly challenged the other to come outside and give him satisfaction with the pistoL The big man was not " game." It is a wise provision of nature that big men as a rule are slow to anger, and not anxious to enter into a quarrel. Occasionally they are rank "cocktails." and the party herein referred 'o was of that species. He funked the challenge, but had to face the music or leave the farm. The boys, however, did not want bloodshed. They were after sport, and the . opportunity having presented itself was seized. The little man was in deadly earnest, and would have sat down and shot across the table had he been permitted. Bat he was persuaded to leave tne arrangement of the duel in the hands of the company, and- both being relieved of their weapons, they sat on different sides of the street until the preliminaries were fixed. Then they were placed back to back, handed their weapons, and told to walk ten steps from each other, and then turn and fire. This they did. Neither revolver contained a bullet, but as the reports sounded a very stale egg thrown by an unerring hand took the big fellow full in the face, and exploded with a pop nearly as loud as the pistol shot. He fell to the ground wounded, m his own opinion, but when he found he was not hurt claimed the fight on a fouL But it was riot a fowl—only an egg. Alas for those pleasant days. They are gone. We are civilised. There is no more life now than there is in a forgotten graveyard at midnight. One policeman can quell a riot, and even the magistrates are popular. There is not nearly as much money in > writing poetry as there is in peddling fish, unless the poet is willing to fasten the wings of his Pegasus, and instead of sailing over the heads of the people, walks along the pavh of business at the general level. The following story in two chapters will show how poetry thus may be made to pay Chap. I.—In a demned unpleasant attic sata poet pen in hand, filled with fancies most ecstatic—quite an extra special brand. And he sat and scribbled gaily in that attic near the skies ; and he used to cover daily reams of paper (foolscap size). But he Sound the world disdainful of his raptu;ea and regrets, and his fasts were long and painful, and he didn't pay his debts. Chap. II.—Now our bard with Scotch-and-soda cheerfully his thirst allays. Just as though he never owed a single cent in all his days. And without a care he slumbers, wears a shirt and pays his bills : but he pens in liquid numbers sordid ads. for soap and pills. All ! how surely soulful yearnings are foredoomed to disappear, when a bard's extrecaest earnings fail to keep a bard in beer. On tbe other hand, as indicated in the following news item, Poetry is. in Perth, lite Poverty, regarded as a criminal offence, and the jingler is given to understand that when he starts to twaas; his line he takes several chances, each of them better than that of Mr Buckley, of being secluded from the gaze of the vulgar for a season. The true poet is born and not caught in a wild state surging his sweet songs in the woo'is. But poetry is rather at a discount in these degenerate days and occasionally the singer strikes very hard pan :—Your Worships, I am not an idle and disordely person" said an eldaily man named William White who was charged with vagrancy at the Perth Police Court on Wednesday morning. "I am kept busy from one end of the week to the other. 1 clean boots, I sweep out offices, I distribute circulars. I do ail sorts of odd jobs and I write poetry. Why, even when I was arrested I was doing business over a poem I haJ turned oat." It was shown that White for several weeks past had been loafing round various, hotels in town and that requests bad been received from the proprie .ors of- ome of them for police in erference. Poetry was not White's only offence. He was the associate of all the old loafers in town, according to the evidence of the police, and though he had plenty of chances to get work he had carefully refused to take them. After enumerating the places at which he had worked during the last half century, White said that he had. done more for Western Australia in the way of trade than any other man he knew, and swore that he was quite ab e to get his living Mr Canning (who was accompanied on the Bench by Mr Woodward) : " Have you any witnesses ?" Accused " No, but I write poetry, and it's no use defending myself against perjury." White wan sentenced to seven dayb* imprisonment. The prisoner: " All light, but it is seven days wrongfully issued, sir." 