PERIWINKLE. < CIIAl'TltH XXXIf.V :'Vi: : fN this manner tho lafc sum mer passed awny ; onrly autumn, with ' its, ;lo\v- lying morning mists and . its 'silent, melancholy afternoons,' followed npaco. ' v. During the . past mpntlx-or so— and by this tiind niy- dn'rk hair had grown long arid- luxiiHriht again, hiuLI had discarded for ever my pretty jaunty caps— I had received many another letter \- from ; my friend?: jArirora. The , Trnoys woro ? 11 p\y ; n t-Tu ligier, whore . thoyi talked : of ; spending the winter ; i and 1 wiee, and twice only, since I hiid been living at jieuiiingms iiuu x ueuru irpm mr Eversleigli.' ' 7-"" : £ They were sensible; riiririly-let- tors that any! gcnerpus-imturpd j brother — had I been blest with | eno— might 'have written to me"; | and; howl thoroughly ' welcohie they wcro, whdn tlioy (lid come, it is hardly 7hecessnvy,;to record; The first- of the two had borne the indistinct postmark of somo ontlandislilycbristened ' oitv ' of the Far W est, the name of which until ;I- lind opened tho envelope, I was wholly unnblo to make out. Tho' second had coirio .to mo dated from San Francisco. ' In "both letters Leigh' asked the -same question — nay, ques- , tioqs.N What was I doing? ' Wlriit- had I done ? Was ! hap py ? ; llad I prospered— and was Daryl-forgiveri? ; ' 1 ' ; otito neither of these kindly penned epistles was it possible to send»mroply ; ' for tlie" phiris' rind tho movements' of '' thy far-away' writer were apparently - of the lriost- uncertain- character. -lie was in one -placer oii o.iio -day, ifc .seemed, and iii another bri'tfic ncxfcireyyr sliortlyj- Leigh' added iii a post'scvipt to the second letter, ho was, ho hoped, -coining-- back- to England. - 1 Absolutely: 'welcome' as; were thesb; letters of Mr. Eversleigh's, I npvertholcss believe that I was secretly thankful that 110 reply-to. cither of tlieni was expected P;"i f what couVd I hav e said ? ' ' " " ' Oiie late ' October afterribou when the sun,- framed in a suller gray sky, looked, through a mois darkfrietwoi'k ; of leafless trees like a hall of dull red fire, I walked into- Hazel as far as the . -.j village draper's.- There was a r rawness in the. misty atmosphere, r.ndj1 tho . lanes and roads were somewhat muddy; therefore dear Mrs. Evcrsloigh preferred to re- inuiu iit hni)ioJn>..thc warm -fire side. ; Tho draper's shop was a stuffy little esftibiisliinenl crammed witii all. sorts. of useful -at tides: in a small way, and was kept by a sharp-featured spinster named Eobinson, whose ago and 'whose .temper, .said Hazel.. behind her back, were aliko douhtful. Hpou brio side of ; tlio; draper's shop, 'adjoining it, there stood a puhlic-houso, 'quaintly called ' Tho Willing Hand;' upon tho other side of it was the post- office, which wns- also Jcept by Miss Eobinson. ' But1 liero a pleasant chatty orphan noico of hers was at the head of postal affairs; . The lettpr-bag was brought to Ecdkuight but pneo . a day— in the early- morning ; and at seven o'clock overv cveninc the; nost- man called for it at the lodge ; gates tq\ take it back, with letters ; — =-if thorc wero any to go: — to 1 jf:,; the HazeLpbst-mistress, blowing 1 |V.' a horn as he tramped along the road to let tlielodgo-kceper know tliat'ho'wa'B-npfivoachirig the park . ontrauco But if during tho day it so"heppened that I walked iuto . the village, or drove thither in ft. tho carriage with' Mrs. Evers- > . ll'igh, I rarely omitted to call at tho queer low-ceiled post-office, to, ,. iujjuiro of , Miss -. Eobinson', s neiee , whether any: 1 letters' had arrived for us siuco the morning mail. Having got wlint . I ' wan ted?— merely a small parpel or two— of sour, sharp-nosed Miss Eobinson, I stepped into thb next doorway and down its thi'oo narrow , stairs . to , spef to her more , amiable relative;; ' . ; ;"es;.;snid,AIiss Eobinson 's neice pleasantly, she believed that there -was one: letter for, Bod- 'knights, and only one; .that after? nrion;.; £l$". find ; arrived .by the ' imd?ftiy post' ' anil 'I Tike to tnko it hack wjth me, of course, should;! riot? ,. 'Ah' ridded she, gingerly picking out,, as she chatted on, the Bedkhights letter from . a mongst a few others that wore, in a ruek in it corner of tho dark little shop— ' I see it is for you, Mrs. Dcanc! Tho weather is really getting quito wintry, inem, is it not ?' said Miss Eobirison's neiee, with a smile, handing the letter to. me across the counter. I agreed that tho weather xvas both moist and chilly, in every way lotninding one of tho ap proach of winter, arid hurridly qnited tho poBt-offioe— my heart thumping fast, tho colour ' iri my face coming and going, I could feel.. ; " . . At a .lirst switt glance 01 me mvelope I had rccoguised Leigh Svorsleigli's lrnnd writing ; a; sc- jotid wris sufficient to tell me that the letter was 110 American one. S,o he had. returned — was at homiv rrhc , was (..tlicn in England /. Wiijit — what ,-liad he to say to in,o ? 1 . ' ; i 'X- walked quickly— -nearly- ran V-' until the pretty old straggling villngo'.was left far behind me arid out of sight; and thenj as not a soul save myself or a voliiolo of any kind was ; at that moment visible upon the always somewhat lonely Hazel road, I raised my veil and broke the,seal of my letter. It was rapidly growing dusk. The dull red sun had now almost entirely disappeared ; .the group of gaunt bare trees behind which bo, had so sullenly gone down looked black and stark in the hazy lurid glow that there touch ed the. evening sky. But it. was not yet so dark that I was 'hin dered in reading my letter. The red-nnd-primrose light . front the angry west enabled 1110 io dnci- pber'itfrora tbo first word to the IllSt.,.. ': \ Scarcely breatbingf ri" myokr citomcnt, I stood stoek- stHl there upon tho' roadside, with the opened letter' held close to my wide and half-fourful eyes. ? Kind-Heaven above me,' ofr all places on the earth, it had 'been yrrittcttatp wiis dated from, an jbptcl-'.'fbc Eayen'— at, Stpiieyl 1 hanitoni 1 # ' # .# ' Tho whtd had . risen . with . an . eerie sound, ervinsr and wailino around tho outer walls of Bed- knights, like an unearthly voice uplifted in wildest lamentation. Sweeping downward from the hills, and shrieking through the stripped brown woods,, it drove tho bleak rain drops and stray dead leaves before it and dashed thcin against the windows of the warrn white drawing- room. At intervals the rain smote the panes liko hail ; whilst the wind itself sobbed and roared alternately within the hallow throat of the spacious chimney. Upon one side of the wide white marble hearth-place, I, for a woridor, was sitting idlo ; upon tho other, in a low easy-chair, and with the glow of a shaded reading-lamp falling 'softly in a ruby halo around her, sat Mrs.; Evcrsleigh, apparently much, in terested in anew book. The old Squire her father wob this even ing too poorly, and in reality - too tiresome, to be suffered to join us as usual for music in ,_the white drawing-room ; Buckle was ; there fore end uriug— well, I .suppose nnlv iTJWvfln find 1ia_ Rimlrln -"V — — —-7 — himself, knew what up-stairs. , 'With. a. slight start, and with in expression of faiut astonish ment upon her sweet wan face, Marion Evevsleigh looked up presently.' < . ' Frances,' she said, ' is it rain that I hear? The sun, I noticed, sot so redly, I should imagine it is. hardly possible.' . I knew — for I had for some time been listening, with a cur ious intcntncss, and yet barely cqncious; that I was doing so, to the eerie; storm voices-- Putside-- that it was rain ; but I arose- at once, if a trifle automatically, arid went over to one of the win dows. The shutters were not yet fastened. I parted tho heavy white Oriental curtains, with their, glinting gold and silver tin eid- work, rind looked out; With my back to the lamps and tho bright firo, I stood there for a minute iu silence, my hot fore head pressed to the cool;, dark window-glass, rill rain-blurred ori the outer side. : The night, so far as bnp could see, . was wild and black indeed, with now and then a glimpse of a weird whito moon, appearing and disappearing in a most ghostly fashion. 'Yes', dear Mrs. Evcrsleigh,' 1 murmured at last, 'its is a rough and dismal evening enough —hopelessly so, I fear. The sharp pattering noise that you cun henr now and then is the raiu boating against the window panes.' ' And after the beautiful sun set we had too !' she remarked, still in accents of gentle surprise. ' Did you seo it Frances ?' ' Yusj' I answered restlessly. 'But there was a watery primrose light also in tho slcy which I fancied had a stormy look ubout it', especially after the, angry crimson nan gpne/, I returned to my seat, by the bcavtb-side, and stiire4 thought fully into the tire. ' ! ' Frances, ';suid:Mi:s.Eversleigh su'dde'ikljv why 'suclivri deep sigh my dear?!; ' ' ' : ! , ' Didrr-iiicI I, sigh ?' I raised my eyes,rand diven-peroeived that Mrs. .Ei;ei'sleigh had put aside her boot and was rogarding-ine with a wistful, ; not to' say-an unxious gaze. Aly own eyes wandered to 1 the fire again. ; ' Yes, aud I am afraid you are ; not feeling, well, dear Frances — not altogether quito yourself, I; meau, this evening, '..she said very, kindlv. ' Is"it so?'' ;t ' Why ?'— and I tried to smilo. '"'To" speak the triith,' frankly replied Mr. Evcrsleigh, smiling back — 'though of coarse- it: may ho be sheer fancy on my partI have thought more thaii oriee since yoii- numc in trcm y.our walk this ; afternoon thiit' you have somehow been — well, Frances, - not quite your usual self. Am I too absuvd uridfariciful, my dear?! 'Unlike myself?' I echoed va guely. ' Have !. I ?, . Perhups.. I have.'" : " 1"': Yci— -ribsent' and;- restless by turiis,'-; reji fined ,Mrs. Eversleigii more ciupiia'tieally ; ' silent niri'd thouglitft'iV'ioiie iriiiiiute -bright, almost-, Aixei.tqil , 1-tlio giKpxt . . 'A t dinnbr; do - jWiu know,-;thorigh 3 said; nothing; I onco or twice felt really alarmed ; | you seemed to me so— so strange, Frauees, so — so feverish ; and -you- ate. hardly, anything I noticed. Nothing, I trust, dear, friend, 'is in anyway wrong ?' she added anxiously.' wroug r j. ccnocu again un easily, speaking very low. - - 'How do.you mean?' . . ... . .. Mrs. Evcrsleigh loaned towards mo,' arid "said erirnestly— ; ; 'FraricPsjl at this 1 tnoriient you arejlooking so troubled, so ill, 1 am convinced tliat in some, unex pected direetiqri or other you have been greatly . worried and upset. Indeed it has struck mb as bqing jiist possible— not uiilikely that you may have called at the post- office when in Hazel this after noon and .perhaps found, there a disagreeable letter awaiting yoii. Won't you tell me iyhat it/is? Mayn't I share tho trouble with you?. . Mayn't, I . henj, tlid'bad' uews,: .ideaiv .if tliero is any ? 1 may help ypu, youf.now.'; . Acting 011 therimpulse of the moment, I started, up j.'foy-.a few seconds I. hesitated; stood irreso lute 'rie'rvobsly jbekingmiy hands together,; in a. yiasm nf-.doubt arid fear. Finalfy T dropped' lipori riiy; knoes by Mrs.: Eversleigh's low ohair. ""7. 'Frnucis,' eai4 sjiq.- tendorlyi laying her cool fragile hand upon my head, ' what is the matter ?' 'Yes — yes, you are right,' I said hoarsely. 'I hivo had a letter, I found it at the! post-office this afternoon. It has made me wretched. — intensely wretched, and yet — and yet it has, in— iri another way— mado me most glad arid hopeful too ! I know not what to think or — or how to act. Everything just now — I mean to-night — seems so strange, so urisettlod. so threatening. My brain for the lust few hours seems to. have"been spinning round in cessantly— burning as if it were on firo. And, alas,' I cried inco herently, I have been so bappy ; — so happy here at Eodkuights xinu you win go uu umug happy with us, I fervently hope,' put iu Mrs. Evcrsleigh, soothing ly. 'Frances, you know very well how dearly 1 have grown to_ love you ; 1 cannot afford to lose you now! Have pity— do not hint at such u thing! Dear, it would be too cruel a wrench !' Tho tears rushed straightway from my heart, and flooded my eyes to blindness. ' Oh, my own dear Mrs. Evcrs leigh, 1 know not how it willhave to bo,' 1 said brokenly. ' In all likelihood 1 shall — shall, have to go. away, from Bedkhights. 1 forsee.no, help for it— matters will inevitably arrange themselves—' 'No, 110, no — not that-, Fran ces'!' " ' ' ' ' 1 fear that will have to be my fate.; Dear Mrs; Eversleigb,' there are things— circumstances in, my past life which 1 have perhaps yrongfully kept buqk from you — things — circumstances concerning myself, and another that — thut day after day 1 have tried to tell you— that by rights, 1 fear you — yes, both you nnd the Squire — should, have long ago known — should have learnt from my own lips,- But 1; have lieon a coward —a pitiable coward! Mj cow ardice indeed has been greater than I can make you understand, for, 1 was well uwaio tliat confes sion would servo only to amporil tho deep happiness 1 have felt in .being,. daily, near you— beneath the same roof with you, and it was too . hard. And now — and now all that 1 have so reprchen- sibly kept back with regard to — tho past is rising liko a ghost to oowuuer ana anrignc me, ana 1 feel powerless — wholly powerless, with ,no_ particle of strength or will, as it were, to do present brittle with! the consequences of my own vacillation.' Tears of sorrow and sympathy were shining in Murion Evers leigh's own dear eyes now, her fragile hands, flashing with : their many jewels, were resting upon my. bowed shoulders". ' And that troublesome letter, Frarioos, she whispered—' has it it then been the cause of all this mischief— has it ihade you so unr settled and so unhappy, df ar ?' ' Yes,' 1 moaned. ' It has a- wakencd my conscience in such a manner that therre is no Bushing it again into a false slumber — a sham tranquility. The time has come whou tho truth must bo faoed— aud borne !' ' ! ' Arid yet, dear friend,' she re joined, very wistfully, 'y.ou hinted that'yoa hud received good news ari'ivell as. bad?'.:| , i 7 Kneeling there,'! laid . my, head upcjnhorjbreaat.f./, ' ! . 'Yes, right good news, 1 should say,' I. answered- ;iu a rdreamy tone: 'but — hut at present! have heard so little of it, I am not yet sure, you see. I 6hall hear more, I suppose, if — if I am hero, by- and-by, when— when -' I stopped, aud a shiver crept over me from head to foot. ; ' Yes ?' put in Mrs. Evcrsleigh softly. ' When,' 1 finished, with an effort— ' when Mr. ' Leigh E vers? leigh comps to Eedkniglits.' Marion Eversleigh's wan face brightened with genuine pleasure. ' Is Leigh coming to us then ?' she exclaimed, smiling through tho! tears which still lingeVed in 1 her eyes. ' Ho says so,' I breathed. AUU V Utl'l AlallUtJO W11L.U » ' He says,' I faltered in reply, trembling and fearful lest iu the next moment she, in her ferider, wistful way, should express the reasonable wish to see Leigh's letter — -for was .he not Ler own staunch friend 'as well as mine, and was he riot moreover shortly to be her guest at Bedknigbts ?— surely she had a right to seo it ! — 1 ho says bo may come on any day— at any hour ; ho may be hero to-morrow, the noxt day, or perhaps the day after. But at all events he will arrive as soon as— as soon Us riircumstanqcs will permit liim to travel down to Buckinghamshire.' In my then strained state of feverish hope and apprehension, of. nervous dread and uncertainty as to the immediate future, I felt that I could endure no furthei conversation that night, even though my participant in it was my revered. Mrs. Eversleigh. I stumbled to my feet, bent over her and kissed her, saying burr riedly, almost piteously — . ... 'Let me go now, will you ? I want to be alone — to think — to sleep if it bo possible. I am ut terly weary, as it is, with much thought aud anxiety. I shall bo far bettor alone, shut up iu my own room.' She t-et uraed my caress as af- fcotionatcly as she was wont to do when wo parted from each ether for the night. ' I have not the least doubt,' she said tenderly, ' that with day light to-morrow things— difficul- c u 1 ties — will , . appear . altogether different — will show themselves m a niucli brighter, and tar less gloomy aspect — — ' v 'To - morrdw,' I-' _ interrupted drearily, ' 1 will tell you all ; to? night 1 cannot — 1 cannot. <1\. will keep nothing back to-morrow.' ;' As; 1; kissed the 'beloved brow once more, a Bwift sob shook my speeoh. - With swift : nd hurried steps ! left tho white drawing- room, and went up to my own chamber . upon the second- floor. The lamps, in the warin and silent oorridors flickered .slightly in the draught — the wind was rushing upon Bedkriights from the north-; west. Tho window of my room had boon carelessly closed ; and, as 1 opened tho door of it, .a coldfgust met mo upon the threshold and blew .out .the candle 1 .carried. Then, save for the fire, whieh had burnt low in tho grato, 1 was in darkness; . .. TO .BE COMTPfPED.1 : Diuer,: ' ' Waiter, a little more j celerity, pletise.' : . \- Waiter '(bringing the veeeta- l ble).: ' Colei yj is it, sir'.' , 