MISCELLANEOUS. An unprecedented area of wheat crop (writes the Leader) may be expected this season. Notwithstanding the low yields last harvest the farmers do not appear to have been discouraged. Ploughing ia be* mg pushed forward with unusual vigor in all parts of the colony. In many locali*. tiesi where wheat growing, had been abandoned for some other system of funning, such as dairying or grazing, there is quite a revival in favor of the plough. Old wheat londs that have been lying practically idle for several years past are being again prepared for cropping, Most of (he large land owners iu the wheat growing districts are adopting the share system of cropping, on terms similar to those now no popular in Riverine, while all the smaller class of farmers are extend ing their operations in every direction possible. One immediate effect of this extension of the. wheat area is a substan tial rise in the price of draught horses. Animals that were scarcely saleable a few months ago are now fetching good prices, while good stout horses of guaranteed character have nearly doubled in value within the last twelve months. Another sign of the times is the activity in the implement yards ; the loading plough manufactures are so busy that they can scarcely supply the demand for ploughs and other wheat growing implements. A Michigan farmer, writing in the American Agriculturist, gives the follow ing mode of treating seeds oats for the prevention of smut. He says—In a large barrel I made a strong brine. The oats were put into this barrel and stirred around. They wore dipped out with a large pan, the bottom of which was fall of holes- They were then spread on the barn lloor and shovelled about with air slaked lime. What was not sown (ho first day were stirred until they were needed for Of course, oats treated in tins manner must bo sowed by hand, but there was scarcely a smutty head in my field this season, A sensation has been created in New York by the marriage of Miss Eleanor Maud Littlejohn (o the R> v- William Parke Bird- Miss Littlejohn is tho daughter of Bishop Littlejohn, of Long Tdan'l,of the Protest -nl Episcopal Ohurch, which does not recognize divorce, and she is the divorced wif i of tho Hon Alra *t F. Jenks, to whom sh • was married in 1878. -She gob a divorce from him in 1891, her father riot only sanctioning the proceed ings but.going upon llm stand to testify in her behalf- But when she wished to remarry,, the bishop strongly objected, and it was only when she threatened to ■narry Mr Bird without the parental con* sent that ho reluctantly gave way. Tho ceremony was quietly performed, the bishop and Mrs Littlejohn hoiog tho only witnesses. Hr Hadn’t Seen Her. —In the Exeter days of Dr Temple (the new Archbishop of Oan orbury) when he was suspected of heterodoxy, a you* g curate came to him one day, and said : My lord, it is rumored that you are not ablo to believe in special interpositions of Providence on behalf of certain persons. Well? grunted tho bishop- Well, ray lord, hero is tho case of my aunt. My aunt journeys to to Exeter every Wednesday by the same train and in the same compartment of the same carriage invariably. Last Wednesday she fulb a disinclination to go, and that very day an accident occurred by which (ho carriage of tho train was smashed to pieces. Now, was nob that a direct interposition of Providence on be half of my aunt? Oarrb say, growled tho bishop ; I don’t know your aunt. A Truk Ghost STonv.—This ia a true English ghost-stcy of an unconventional kind, A young lady arriv d Kto at night on visit to a friends, She awoke in tho dark ness find a.whlto figure at tho foot of tho bed. While aho watched, tho bed-clothes were suddenly whisked off £ and the ap parition vanished. After an anxious,not to say'cbilly,night,tho visitor wont down,with little oppf.tito to breakfast, At the table she >vas introduced to a gentleman, a very old frien I of (h*-family,who had.ahc learned also sleeping in tho house. Ho com* plained of the cold, I hope you will excuse me. he said to the hostess,but I found it so cold during the night that, knowing the room npxb mine was unoccupied I took the liberty of going in and carrying off the 1 bed-clothes to supplement my own. The room, as it hopponedi was not unoccupied, but lie never learned his mistake, 