EARTH TREMORS AND GHOSTS. INDIAN EXPERIENCES. From a privato letter received in Adelaide on Wednesday from a gentleman in Cal cutta, we take the following respecting the recent earthquake which ooourred in India:—"When tbe earthquake came I was playing golf with one of the High Court Judges. The first indication was inability to stand steadily, which we both attributed to giddiness. Thon we hoard a noise like musketry, and on looking up saw the bricks rolling out of the spire of the Cathedral, and falling on a corrugated iron roof underneath, which caused the noise referred to. Then the stoeple toppled over, and at the same time various other houses collapsed, sending up clouds of dust. Tlve trees and buiidiugs all round were playing at soe-saw, and the ground seemed to heave up and down like a sharp swell on the ocean. After a few moments it subsided, and, as tbe ground did not open and no volcano appeared, wo thought it was all right and went on with our golf. A couple of hours later wheu wo got Dack to the pavilion, we found the Judge's wife, with terror - stricken face saying that their house, as well as several others, had fallen. The next morning wo all hiked round to see the damage, and the scene was most extraordinary. I doubt if a single houso in Calcutta has escaped damage of some sort. Many had fallen down, others had big gaping . cracks show ing daylight through, and others, the least damaged ones, were cracked all over so badly as to let water in, and this inoreased the damage when it rained. What made matters worso was that rain broke the night follow ing the catastrophe. At some of the tea gardens tue damage has been more serious. One man writes that liiB bun galow and all his toa houses are levelled, and that lie and the coolies round about him were thrown to the ground by the shock. The rail way was damaged extraordinarily. In places it is twisted like the letter S, and in others tho line has subsided and left the rails suspended in the air. Bridges in numerable have collapsed. Fortunately the loss of life has not been serious. So far only one Buropoau is known of, but of natives the loss will be 2,000 or 3,000, tho bulk of thom at a place where they got a rainfall of 600 inches in a year. _ Tho house we have taken refuge in is a very famous one— Hasliugs House, tho official residcnco of Warren Hastings. It is a magnificent house, standing in a park of about 100 acres, but as it possesses numerous ghosts it has not bocn occupied tor many years. My host bought it two or three years ago as a spec, with some othor men, and had it renovated; but no one would occupy it, so we have come to drive tho ghosts away. The duel botwoon Hastings and Francis (author of the letters of Junius) about the Chadenapoor half - caste French woman, who after wards became Princess Talleyrand, was fought in the ground, and many other histori cal incidents aro connected with tho place. Tho principal aud best authenticated ghosts are—(1) A coach and four, which drives through the portico occasionally at tho witching hour; (2) a headless man and a lady who appear out of the wail of the room in which I am sleeping; and (3) a lady who (very improperly) walks through certain bed rooms and takes tho blankets of)' the sleepers. Wo have not seen any of tho ghosts yet, but wo arc living in hopes. I have given publio intimation through tho servants that tho first one which eoines will be prosentcd with a charge of shot out of my gun, which I keep ready loaded." 