Rev. Vaughan Rose. ? ? RIS, INDUCTION TO ODDAL. Rev. V. Rose was formerly instituted as Kector of Cu.dal in St. James's; Cburch on ^bu.r8dajr evening, the 7fch iuat., by the Rev. Jj. Alldip, R D, of O^a.ugo, acting under the bishop's. Authority. 4 large congregation assembled, and after the/ ahoneued foroa of evensong, led by the rector-elect, apd m strong Choir under the musical lead of Mr. Soliratnme,' an. inaugural sermon was de livered by the Ilural Dean, tracing, the ohjecti of the church; — aa a. witueaa of G.oci to men — .an ordina,uce of worsiiip on earth, as higher bidets more efficiently ' render above. Also; to conserve aud teach Divine truth and bear the message of Salva tion— wbiob could only be done by deiiaite doctrines and fixed principles being held by duly authorised and. responsible officers, charged to keep and.. propoxate them. Ea.ily Q^xiatlnn tQaobera leacned the tr^th ^rouj, the Apostles whom the Divine Head hid taught, and they handed it down to their successors. Thus St. P^ul to Timothy, Biehop of Ephesus. ' The things which thnu littHt board of me amo'i^ m^ny witneases, the same commit thou to faithful men who shall be able to teach others also.' St. ? Ignatius, Bp. of Autioch, who wns appointed by the A|-oafcle3 themaelve^, write1? ; u Poljpw you? Bishop apd the presbytery. as the Apohtles, 'aud to the Ddaoons p^y rea[»ect.' St. 'Clement, the friend of St. Paul, writes ; ' Our Apostles knew by 0'ir Lgrd Jeaus Christ that con tuntioiiB should arise ou account of the Miniatry. Therefore . V . . .they ap ' |ii-iuted persons , . . . aud gave th'ein a direction in wliat manner when they shoiild have fallen asleep— other chosen and ap proved men should- succeed them.' See 'lHt Cor. IJC-14. Ivguaens, Bp. of Lyons in Gaul (whenoe British Ohriat«*uity received milch of its earlier strength) writes, 193 a !p. : ?( We are able lo enumerate those who' wbre appointed BiahopS in the churches by ihe Apostlf's and who are their successors up to our time.' Without these three orders— Bishops, Priests, and IDeaoons— there o-»n ba no true Church.' So held thfWH who lived immediately after the Apostles and who re ceived their aptboiity froui them..' What then was the g wpel which the Apoallea preached ? And d -ea the Church of IJugUnd still proclaim it f j[p the Ads. St. Luke i»i ves several specimens of the Apostles preachiug. By studying these we Bee clearly the message of salvation which the church re ceived to guatd and tench— r?not iu nny phrase such as, . 4- A re yot| Q inverted 1' Are you., saved V' ? ? D - yup feel, that your Hins are forgiven ami that it; you were to die to mgh(. you would i»o to Heaven The stock ques tions which sotiie ad.Jpt ai 'ests whether one has hqi braced the ' ^Q3(iel.' Any who will answer tho iuqnisi'or or ' 0 mfesHor' .who pudert'ikos to decide by 'suoh test will be be-, lieved to be saved' or ' unsaved' by the answer given and attitude assumed. No betier summary of the Gospel has been written than that e^iiosi'sion of the creed iu the Oriuroli Catecbia-n. . '? Ifirat, I learn to he» lieve iu God the Father wlio hath made me aud all the world ; secondly, in God ther:Son w.ho hath redeemed -ue and all uianUind ; thirdly, in God the Holy Ghost; -who saucti t^eth iue and all tbe elect people of .God:', The' Service' at induction was - thea ^gohe throngli as per prescribed otder und with due solemuii'y. After the service a lecture ou the British Church— rita antiquity, continuity, »ud identir.y with the po.sb Refoi niation— was giveu with lantern vi^wn a p 43, to 1888; 