CilArTEitXLV.-AN Eurrv CAUK. It was with ninny forebodings of ill thal Krink, fastening his door behind bim, made his way up thc narrow staircase. As he reached thc bottom of tho second Hight au upward g lin end timi revealed an open door above told him thc whole of his evil fortune. "-tbnt 'ere drinkin' bizness !" he ex- claimed, with «nj;ry vehoimmce. *'! might hu.' known wheer it 'nd lead mc to !" He want heavily up to the top and stared disconsolately around thc deserted chamber. " Goue !" he said. "Gone! Xheer's no dead mau lives 'ere now ! He's departed, that's what he's done 1 Given me thc slip arter all my ri efl a nee. Thin is sleepless nights «iud laborious days wi' veugenco ! Whisky dccaniciiu' is the rooiua tion of every thia*. Oh, Kriuk ! BoldKriuk ! You are a fool au* no mistake 1" There was a scat just iuaide the room, and he sank hopelessly into it.. .*1 Tho vacant choer,' " bc muttered. " A niest morn in' hymn to sing, that is. * Wc shalt meet au' wc shall mUs 'im ' ; yes, wo aimil ever so much. A clean job an un mistake. ' Tek up thy bed an' walk.' Just what you might expee' an him. Ile knows wiicn ho's all right. He stops till he recly thinkBl'm a gain' to hang him or burt him, au' then, when I walks roun' agaiu ho's gone un' left no address. That's John Trcnsou style to tl, He's what they calla 'parst marster.' Oh, yes, all that and bushels besides !" Ile gazed all around the place, but could BCO no traces of any violence having been used either to thc door or window, and lilia added to his mystification as to hew the escape had been effected. Putting bis hands to his head he endeavoured to recall clearly thc events of the previous night, hut his memory waa quite a blank from tito time lie had succeeded in finding tho required piece of rope until Scrib's knockiug a lillie lime ugo. " I wonder nnw if it'd uny usc folleriu' him," he continued, I urning from the problem as to how tho escape had beeu clfectcd to the slight chance of recapture. "I'm afraid it 'ud bc no go if I did. He's safe in thc arms of a p'Icecman hours sin', au' a pretty yum be's spun 'em I'll be lioun'. Oh, these dead men ! They say as one live fellur is wuth a dozen dead nus any day, but 1 wonder whether he is or not ! They're just ignoraut fools as scz that. L ;l 'eui have to do wi' ono of 'em un' they'll huon lind out whoer tho thimhleriggiu' comes iii. Won't they just ! Ah !" Mis eyes suddenly fell upon the keys ia thc aid chest. "Oh! Thai's the game, ch? Must ha' bin two ott 'eui at it, for I distinctly remembers haviu' them keys iu my hand when 1 were lnokiu' f'r that 'ere rope. This complicates the inquiry u considerable deal. Somebody's bin in this room an' left thc door open. Trcnson ain't gone up the cliimley, nor through the tiles, nor tho window, as I UBcd to fear he would do ; be's bad a 'complice au' hus confined his part to the walkin' gentleman blssmaa. 1 ra tut see thc kiddy ubout this. lie haiin't ii quart of whisky larst night, not IIHII ; he may know sumiuiit." With a last look arnuad aud another suvagc outburst at his iicglisoncu, the old follow be- took himself to .Scrib's quarters. Dis inquiries soon elicited all the lad knew in regard to thc maller. Ht listened with impotent rage to thc account of thc noises at midulght. " Some thieving devil's got in, that's quite plait). Must ha' hin Calvert, my lad. He's bin one ton uiiiiy for us arter all. The oti'y thing I ourn't understand is how he got in. l'Vaps I went to tho door in the middle ov that spree of mine an' forgot lo lock it again. Hut it's u caution if I did, for 1 believe I was allua more careful when 1 was drunk than when I was sober." Then for thc first time lhere came to Scrib thc conviction that his own thoughtlessness bad led to thc ii.úfortuuc. During his absence on the previous night thc door had been left unfastened fur tome time, and if Calvert was really the culprit he had been afforded as good an opportunity of euteriug the place quietly as could be desired. The boy felt very guilty, hut he was too much afraid to say anything to Kink iu regard tn it, and the latter continued to blame himself for thc disaster in thc strongest terms. When at last he became sileut ugain, Scrib related what was tu him thc still stranger circumstance of John Trenton's departure. "It beats tuc who ho could bc, Krink. lío was BO tall, and his hair was ever so while. You never seed nothin' like the motions he made. I was dreadfully frightened. He looked like a ghost. Do you think there is any ghosts, Krink?" " Think !" was tho excited reply. "I don't think at all, I'm sure on it ! Thc man you seed was thc ghost of a fellow as has bin' .lead more'» a twelvemonth, lt was the ghost of old John Trcnson !" The boy's eyes widened, and his face grew very grave. "Is that true? Or are you trying to frighten me?" he inquired. " True as gospel, my lad," was the reply. The murder was out. With thc escape of bis prisoucr all need for secrecy with the boy was at an cud, aud into his astonished ears the old mau poured forth thc whole story. " You seo it's a very serious case," he concluded, " Wot they'll call ir at thc Town Hall yonder goodness on'y knows, but you kin bet it's some very nasty name, an' tho on'y question is what can be doue." " The best thing I can think on," responded .Scrib uftcr a long interval of silence, " is to try un' git bold on him again, if you cati. Not to hurt him, you know, Krink, cos he looked so pitiful, but just to keep him safe until wc could let master Aimer know all lihout it. He'll have lo know now, I cxpec'." "Ay," groaned Kriuk, " I guess he witt, for if Hill Calvert really was thu man as got iu herc larst night he'll ha' seen 'im au' will tell everything." At this point the conference was suddenly interrupted by u loud double-knock at the front, door. " The bobbies !" cried Krink in dismay. " I'll bet ten to otic it's them. He ain't bin ong, my lad, in olferin' 'cm valleyable infermatiou. You'll sec umv how 1 pitiful' he is-mimi if you dou't. It's all up au' uo mistake." Another knock. Scrib rose to answer it, but his friend stopped him. "Tck your time, my lad; let's see who it is first ? You'll git a good view on 'em from thc frout room in the uh] wing, run au' sec." He went and caine back directly. " Two bobbies au' one feller as looks like a keeper or suminut." " I knotted. I'm a prophet every time. Well, 'ere coes ! They carn'l on'y hung me fer ii." With which remark he walked leisurely to thc entrance. " Moruiu', gen'lcnieu," he said, opening the door jual as a third knocking waa being made. " Vou're a very iinpalient lot, I think. Your friends ain't much comfort unless they're early risers.'' " Why, Mr. Ki ink, it's ten o'clock ; nearly time to go to bed ugaiu." The speaker was thc polico sergeant to whom A192 had inadu his report, and as his toue was cheery and friendly the listener's miud was at oucc put in au easier state " What may you be a wantiu', sergeant?" " Well, we're seekiu' a dead man, or rather wc suspect we are." "A-a dead man?" faltered Krink, all his fears returning. " Yes. This officer," nodding to A492, "heard the door of your place close with a loud bang some limo after twelve o'clock Inst night, and directly after saw a man tunning up thc Dam Road towards bini. Before reaching him, however, thc fellow turned elf und went across tho moor, aud, we believe, he got iuto a pond lhere and was drowned. Do you kuow of anyone leaving the place !" "1 kuow there was someone here larst Dight as had no rights lo bc here, but- but-well, thu fact is I gol ruytlier too much whisky, au' consf<|ucuily was pretty sound asleep. I never hoerd noh'dy. What sort'u a fellow was the mau, ortictr?" " Sti(iiah built an' about five foot eight. He woro a round jacket au' a cap. I noticed, too, as he'd a mighty lot o' black whiskers." Scrib had crept quietly down the hall and stood now close by Krink in tho doorway. At this description their eyes mot, and there was t ho same expression in each. "It's him, my lad." "I believe it is." " Do you kuow the mari, then?" " I raylhcr think I could name him at twice au* guess Queen Victoria the fust time." " Well, we're going to drag for him. Will .?you come ? You can give us any particulars afterwards." *' I don't mind if I do," was the reply. " It you'll go 'long I'll follow you iu a few minutes. I fancy I know the place well." " All right, he as uuick as you can." Thc party set oil, and with serious faces Krink and the boy went back lo their in- terrupted conference. 