EDITORIAL MILL. Our Motto: 'Socialism in Our Time.*' The Government and Its Bank. 1\. Hut (i oi'rlain man named Ananias, with Sappliii'it his wife, sold a possession.. ? 2\. And kept bark part of the price, his wife also biiiifj privy to it, and brought ;i certain part aiiil laid ii at the apostle's feel. .1. Hut I'lUr haul. Anmiias, why hath .Satan filled thine hc.nt to lie to the Holy Ghost, und to keep buck part of tin- price of the land '.' ?J. WhiK-s it remained, was it not thiiie own ? nml after it w;i;- t-okl wi* it not in thine own puwvi-y Why hast tlion eoneeived this tiling in iliiiu- licui! :' Thou hast not lird unto man. lint UUli- (Jod, ~-, And Ananias, hearing these words, fell down aiid pive up the ghost: and great fear t.-iinu- on :ill ilnin thai heard these things. (i. And I he young men arose, wound him up, and ear) it'ii liiij) out. and buried him, 7\. And it was about the space of about three hours jiiii'Y. wlnn bis wiliy not knowiuK what wus done, eamu in. ' 8\. And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much', and she said, Yea, for so much. » 9\. Then Peter said unto her, How is it that ye have agreed together to tempt the spirit of the Lord ? Behold the feet of them which have -b»riad -thy husband nj-.a^n.t, t.Vip.flnm-, and *hall carry thee out. 10\. Then fell she down straightway at hi's feet and yielded up ttoe ghost,- and the young men came 1% and found her dead, and carrying her 'forth, -hurTed Her fay Her' imsbandr--5tfi chapter t)ue Acts ofiivt Apatites. '.'.?.*' # * This is a lengthy text, and literary critics might object to its being yanked in, as it were, for the adornment of a Q.N, Bank article. — R^ma- referimiffijQjanjLjand land of all values figures on Q.N. books, yet it can hardly be claimed that this biblical quo tation is used in this regard. The Queensland Ananias might, with Q.N. money, have bought a possession, and conceived in his heart the jyiubabiliiy of his being able to raise a big overdraft forthwith. And he might have raised that big over draft with or without first consulting Sapphira; but that is not ine justification for the quotation. \--Where it #Bts its appropriateness in the writer's mind is from its vivid pourtrayal of the treatment accorded LIARS in the time of the Apostles. M. ? ? M ? M Not that we would think of insinuating that the Queensland Government or any of its members are liars. Far from ii. But we would like to draw attention to a few coincidences, — ~~ The Government say they know nothing of the terms of the Commissioners' Re port. Is it not most extraordinary that while the Government profess ignorance of the report, it was freely stated in town a month ago that the Commissioners were rough on M'liwraith, were rough on two of the ex-directors of the Q.N.? required on indemnity against libel actions ; and further that the Commissioners' Report WAS IN THE HANDS OF THE PRINTEE FOB PHESENTATION AT ANT MOMENT. Will anybody believe that the Govern ment knew nothing of the Commissioners' Report when the Commissioners admit, in their letter of Mb. September, that their investigation was PRACTICALLY COM PLETED ON THE 16TH AUGUST LAST. u Will anybody believe that when Sir Hugh Kelson appointed three members of the Commission he did not run in one or two gentlemen who would keep the Go vernment well posted with what was going on during the investigation and the composition of the report? # # * . . - It must be recollected that the Govern ment only agreed to the first investiga tion after pressure from the public press, and after the silence of the Government had become a public scandal. That the Government only agreed to the inclusion of the Auditor-General amongst the Commissioners after pressure from the Legislature. _ - That when on the 24th of November last, Sir- Hugh Nelson moved that the House at its next sitting resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider the desirableness of introducing a Q.N. Bank Bill, he was urged by several speakers to state whether there was to be a further investigation, but he and the other members of the Government MAIN TAINED A COMPLETE SILENCE. And only agreed to a further investiga tion WHEN 14. MEMBERS OF THE MINISTERIALIST PARTY WAITED UPON THE PREMIER NEXT DAY, AND WANTED TO KNOW HOW THEY COULD GO BEFORE THEIR CONSTITUENTS IF THE POLICY OF CONCEALMENT WENT ON ANY LONGER. Delaying the investigation as long as he could after his promise of the 2/ith November, 1896, Sir Hugh Nelson did not give the commissioners authority to pro ceed with their further inquiry until the 16th of March, 1897— NEARLY FOUR MONTHS AFTERWARDS* This further investigation has been absolutely dragged from the Government. Absolutely dragged f rotfy tfie ^ang ! It could not be obtained in any other ~wtty, for this reason: Sir Hugh Nelson bimself, after a so-called searching* in vestigation in 1898, said the Q. N\ Bank was ^solvent ^hen iTwasTnsdlvient. \ ~~~ for another reason; A prominent member of the Ministry has an overdraft at the Q.N. of some hundreds of thousands of pounds. For yet another reason : That the Hon. xRjfA^^hHji^no^w^A^togj^olonial Trea surer no less, had an overdraft at the Isantr pf_ jnany ^thousands, AND WAS FOR GIVEN SEVERAL THOUSANDS OF THIS DEB$X BY THE EX-DIRECTORS WHOp CONDUCT WOULD COME -UNDER THE NOTICE — OF THE JBURTHJEJR INVESTIGATORS. For a dozen other reasons, the principal of which is that if ever the whole truth about the Q, N, becomes public the male faotors, the ummpeached criminals who., infest the Legislative Halls, might be brought to trial. ? ' * * * Some member of the Legislative As sembly should ask that ALL the corre spondence which-has-taken piacaJbetween the Government and the -Commissioners be laid on the table of the House. ? That so-called return laid on the table by the Hon. Robert Philp on Wednesday, the loth September, does NOT contain the whole of the correspondence. Some of the' letters have been sup pressed, and we venture to say that if these letters are not burnt, and the Government are compelled by the House to produce them, it will be found that members of the Government have used language which would never have been used by men wishing to encourage the Commissioners to do their duty. What is the meaning of this portion of the Commissioners1 letter dated Sept. tith, 1897: For yput information, we beg to quote the opinion of tfae Honourable the Attor ney-General, as given in your letter to m of the Kith March ultimo : ' I think they (the committee) should hear any evidence that is really relevant, but should give ample nnnnrlninito tn nPiTRCtne who mar be attacked of defending theimelves,' We have nob 'attacked' anybody, but in pur reporb we may have made certain disclosures, which may possibly be held to be of a damaging nature to those whose names are given. Let us have the whole of that letter in which the Attorney-General insinuates that the Commissioners are ' attacking ' someone. The Attorney-General, indeed! The legal adviser to theQ. N. Bank instructing the Commissioners how they should pro ceed in their investigation 1 ? And the Hon.. Robert Philp, the gentle man who has been released, receiving correspondence from the Commissioners' and making minutes as toiiow it shall be dealt with! What a huge farce It all would be were it not such disgraceful politics ! . # * * As for 'the gentleman not now in Australia,' that Minister without a port folio, the Hon. Sir Thos. M'liwraith^ K.G.M.G., who at this late hour demands a personal examination as to his big overdraft, what shall we say ? He knew this inquiry was going on ; he 'was represented by a very intelligent employe who _knows all his business ; what is the reason for his wishing to delay the publication or alter the terms of the report ? * * * ? ? ? It is said in town that M'ltwraith pro poses now to show that some of the money he invested was invested with the approval of some of the ex-directors of the Q.N. Is it possible that M'liwraith. having been informed by the Government, of which he is a member, of the strictures passed on him by Messrs. Deshon, Reid, and Co., has determined to give some evidence which may bring other culprits to book ? — ? — ?-?-?- - ? . —..iii. . . — ._,J- ? ? T^i. a— ?—???? ? ~ --I'-' i _._;.? This may be so ; but we cannot see how M'llwraith's explanation can alter the report materially. M'liwraith may be t£e chief but he is not the only qverdyafterT- ? _ ? TheQ. N. books show that he has an overdraft of some £300,000. His Darling Downs~Land Vo. 'have an overihfsftrxrf — some £600,000. His assets maybe ^valued at any sum* far short of his liabilities. What addi tional light can be throw upon matters unless it is to\ implicate other people ? — ILgJiher_gentlemen who have not yet left Australia lean be deservedly impli cated, by all means let them be named. But we strongly suspect the motives of a Government which has been accused by Mr. W. Stephens, M.L.A. for South Bris bane, '* of bribery and corruption ;' wmch has been accused by the Hon. Charles Hardie Buzacott, M.L.C., ' of being the most corrupt Government Queensland ever had.' We think the Government have a dis honourable intent in refusing to ask the Comlfflggteirior the tepott ~tts itr -stands, and we would prefer to see the members of the Assembly request the Commis sioners to seni back their report at once. If Sir Thos. M'liwraith deems himself -unfairly dealifwTtfi, he will have both Sir Horace Tpzer and T. »L Byrnes to defend him, besides a number of lesser lights, and any injustice will soon be remedied, the more effectively for what has just oc curred. 