CURRENT TOPICS. MONTHLY MINING RETURNS.—Urged by the necessity of having mining returns ap to date, in view of the growing- importance of the mining industry, the department is now making an effort to have monthly, returns published instead of- quarterly. The ad. ditional labour this course imposes upon the mining registrars, who generally receive a wholly inadequate remuneration, has hitherto been the lion i.n the path. The Mining Department is, however, resolved to make the experiment. Th.o change will prove & wel- come one. TROPHIES OF VICTORY.—The silver medals won by the Chiltern Fire. Brigade at the Benalla demonstration on Boxing Day are now on view in the window of Mr. Mclntyre of this town. The uiedals are of Maltese Cross design, and are pretty ntid attractive The recipients are Messrs. VV. Tidyman. H. Plate, R. Nuttall, W. Blanchard, J. Findlay, F. Schmack, J. Vance and J. Curtain. DANGEROUS PRA.CTICB. —It would appear from a recent. Police Court case that some of the. people of this district are not yet fu Hy seised, of the danger of giving an unstamped receipt, and the penalties they ate liable to incur for such, carelessness. Where such an omission as this is detecte 1 there is not one case out of a hundred where an intention to defraud the revenue could bo suspected. This may be an extenuation, but certainly no justification in the eye ot the law. Tho penally fov an infringement of the Act is DrscusTiwcfcY WPAr.THY.--Thi BarnawarthaTurf Club have our. deepest sympathy. They hare a «surplus fund on haod of over £100, and scarcely know what to do with it. The first idott that suggests itself to any intelligent person is to get up a race meeting and disburse the money in. prizes. This is evidently not practicable, or the i lea would have commended itself to the Club, long ago- There is au alternative proposal however. As this respectable balance was acquired within the Indigo Riding of the Chiltern Shire, it would be graceful, and a very laudable act, to hand the money over t.o the Chiltern Racing Club. This keeping of separate accounts is not at present recognised by the municipal authorities, why then should it be b/ the social? Our Secretary is empowered to receive the money. TUB CONVENTION NOMINATIONS. —Yesterday the nominations for the Federal Convention closed at 6 p.in, Thirty candidates were nominated among whom are some good ni.eu and true. We will divide the thirty iuto three sections, even at this early stage. The first section consists of eight, who, if not elected with ease, deserve to be. They are Six Henry Wrixon, (who ought to head, the poll) Deakitt, Trenwith. Sir George Turner, Isaacs, Fitzgerald. Sir Fred Sargood and Dr Quick. These eight should be returned in about the order named with probably some slight variation towards the end. Gillies, than whom no hotter man for the position stands on Australian soil to-day, we must place in the second, contingent, his absence from the colony beiug calculated to interfere seriously with his prospects. The second division consisting also, of eight are as follow:—Gillies, Peacock, Higgins, Murray Smith, Graham Berry, Sir Johu M'Intyre, West and Purves. The remaining 14 have not the ghost oJL' u show, unless some misguided Australian Natives vote liberally for Cook. They aro Connor, Cook, tumbling, Frazer, Gaunson, Lormer, Melville, Sir Bryan O'Loughlen, RoiJ, Sasche, L. L Smith, Styles, Vale and Sir William Zeal. This is the complete list, ami the campaign is at last virtually begun. RACÍNG CLOB TENDKRS. — Particular attention isdirect< d to an announcement elsewhere in which the Chiltern Ltaoing Club call for teuders for renovating the Grand Stand and the erection of a Judge's box aud Stewards' room. A TIIKILUKO AnvEKTOHE.—Our contemporary this morning has what purports to be a thrill.ng alvonturo between the Revd. Air. Tayl >r of this town an.l 1.!IÍ popular host of the lí itel de Paris. In thi.s sensational paragraph it would appear that bouo', (not the Constable of that nam?) an l hair, and piocc'S of clerical and lay flush strewed i\:a ro^-i • from O hi I torn to Buruawarlha. This spejitfs of hysterical journalism nm«t be suppressed in the iuterest* oí old wo-uan's nerves. Tlie ficts sro siiuply fclioso. Mr Burke was driving one way, Mr Taylor tho other. Burke'-J horse, which is a little too previous, aud six month* out in his chronology, mistook the dut,j for the 13th of July; and, when he saw tho parson approach in the distance, he went b:iJd-licaded for tho Sasenach ! One can scarcely bh'.mn the horse ; the poor fellow knew no better. Mr Burke» however, seeing that he had lost all control of tho infuriated partisan, should have turned him into the bush, and chosen a soft place on which to alight on his head. In tho excitement of the cliasc, however, he lost his presence of mind, for which no Irishman will blame him. Wc aro happy to be able to state that the patients, though a little delirous at iirst, under the treatment of this journalistic quack, are now both slowly suffering a recovery. BACK, AMONU m$ FRIBNTOS.—The people of Chiltern of all denominations are delighted to soe tho very Riv. Father O'Connor amongst them ouce more after his well earned and brief holiday. Since his New Zealand trip he looks like a rejnvenated lion, and fit for a quarter of a century's labours in his successful missionary work To his own parishioner* tho Rev. gentleman's return is hailed with sincere manifestations of delight. . P.RRSS Box AT TUB RiCEf».—Tho new Stewards' room, for which tenders are called in this issue, is to be used, we understand, for press purposes. This very necessary addition to the present accommodation on the course cannot fail to be appriciated. FATAL ACCIDENT. —A 9ad accident, which terminated fatally, befel the child of Mr. Fitzgerald of Springhursb on Monday last. The little fellow was playing about tli3 kitchen when he fell into a bucket of scalding milk accidentally left within reach. The little sufferer died next morning at an early hour. Senior Constable Nolan, to whom the matter was reported, did not deem it necessary an enquiry should be held. Much sympathy is felt for the sorrowing parents in their bereavemout. 