[MOTES & ANSWERS. ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. J1, lU AnstralortBH." «WI, to wcure attention 0< V in every case, be accompanied by the name, mli iJdrcss of the writer, for the satisfaction of 8,nd vmm Nothing cu be inserted which doe* rwcli the office before 2 o'clock on Wednesday. iir^ndondcrry" (W.A.).-*. Furniture may be S «nT»W to wtisfra judgment debt, in any Victorian court, theoaly enrapU^beug ivrnine apparel and bedding of the debtor or i,is family, and tools and implements of trade i' il e value of £10. 2. The act alluded to was ° ,sV'j j" 1685, and refers only to dtetresB for Jvnt It protects from seisure by the landlord tlic following goods and chattels of the tenant I .nd his family:-Tbols, implements and instru ments of trade, and the neceasapr. wearing at> iarcl tables, chairs, cooking utensils, bedsteads, £nd bedding, of a value not exceeding £90 in the «hole. «>n Dallas Edwards" (Perth, W.A.).:-The deputy master of the Mint obliges with information as follows in answer to your queries:-By the Im perial Coinage Act it is provided that 031 sovereigns and one ten-shilling piece shall con tain 201b. weight troy of standard gold (22 cants Dure cold and 2 carats alloy). Therefore, each ounce of 22 carat gold is worth in the Imperial coinage £3/17/1(4- 22 carat gold being worth £3/17/101, it followB that pure gold (24 carats) is worth £4/4/-11.46448. The sovereign weighs (within a Email margin of remedy on either side allowed by the Coinage Act) 128.27447 grains, and it contains ll-T2ths o( pure gold, or 113.0015975 grains, which, at £4/4/-11.45 per ounce troy-is equivalent to 20/. The value of cold «f any assay can be calculated by taking 22 carat gold (0.916) at £5/17/10j per ounce. «'In"-lewood." - The Great Boulder Proprietary Company was formed with an authorised capital of £175,000, in £1 shares. However, only IfiO.COO shares have been issued up to the pre sent, leaving 16,000 shares in hand. "Rain Gauge."-A simple rain gauge may be made from a funnel inserted through a cork fn the neck of a bottle. The funnel may preferably lie maiie of sine or copper, and the hole where it delivers into the bottle Should be very small in order to prevent waste by evaporation. The v.it i-r collected may be measured in a cylindrical gla.-:s, which, if of the same diameter as the top of the funnel, will give by direct measurement the amount of rain. But for the sake of pre cision, it is usual to have the measure much smaller than the receiver (i.e., the top of the funnel). The length of the column of water in the measure is then increased in the ratio of the square of the diameter of the receiver, divi ded by the square of the diameter of the measure. For example, if the mouth of the funnel has the usual diameter of Sin. and the measure a diameter of 2in., an inch of rain will be represented by 16in. in the measure. An ordinary galvanised iron bucket may be used as an emergency rain gauge, if Hie water be weighed soon after the fsJL before evaporation has made an appreciable diminution. Supposing the buckct to have a top of 12in. diameter, a com mon size, each inch of rainfall will be repre sented by 65 ounces and a quarter. For buckets of other dimensions, the ounce corresponding to an inch of rain will be as follows:-.10in., 45.3 ounces; llin., 64.8 ounces; ISin., 76.6 ounces; and 14in., SS.8 ounces. Several pre cautions arc necessary in making an accurate rain gauge. It is therefore desirable that an actual inspection of one should be made when possible. In the catalogue of a Melbourne firm of opticians appears a " serviceable rain-gauge for the low pricc of 10/6. "Viking-."-3dwt. per ton should pay wdl for treat ment by cyanide, if you have -sufficient Band to warrant the erection of a plant. The Victorian Mining depaitment recently issued a treatise dealing with cyanide treatment For particulars re the bromo-cyanide process, -write to Mr. A. E. B. Swanson, Stock Exchange Buildings, Mel bourne. "Ilerrijig."-Warts can be got rid of by touching them with a caustic pencil. They sometimes arise from nervous worry or weakness. When they appear, the right thing to do is to attend to the general health. "Kiapara" (W.A.).-In Victoria, hotel keepers are allowed to keep open on Good Friday and Christmas Day. "Archimides."-'There }S only one way, that is to fix the lens in a camera, and get the focus on the ground glass. "Booree." - Commissioner James E. Bridges, Burma. Positions are only to youths who undergo tlie necessary preliminary training at military colleges, and pass the requisite examinations. j "Islander" (Kalgooiiic).-St. John is an island off Cape Santa Maria, New Ireland, one of two groups lying immediately to the north of British New Guinea. It is in lat. 4dcg., and almost due north of Sudest, which is in lat. 12d eg. The climate is tropical. St. John is 80 miles in Circumference, well wooded, and partly cultivated. Cooktown,1 Queensland, Is the nearest port. New Ireland is called at by Polynesian traders, bat we cannot say whether or not tbey pay regular visits. "Assurance" (Grenfell).-Writers* cramp is a well known complaint, bat its precise nature is not yet understood. We are not able to name any specialist. Mr. G. V. Poo re, in "Quaine's Dic tionary of Medicine," says:-"Hie chief remedy is rest. Without it nothing can be done, and if rest be taken in the earlier stages of ths disease, complete recovery not unfrequently results. For such writing as is absolutely necessary, the patient should be advised to use a pencil or soft quill pen, so that any violent grasp becomes impossible. In many cases the writer has found the rhythmical exercise of those muscles whose irritability is impaired, together with the em ployment of a mild galvanic current, of the greatest service, and he baa recorded a few cases treated in this way which rapidly im. proved, after having resisted ev«7 other known method of treatment for yean. Injection of morphia is of no use, but in America some good has been said to result from the injection of atropine. If any of the aerm tmnks be tender, these should be blistered." A useful mode of pvins the fingers a rest is to hold the pen be tween the second and third fingers. Persons who once take V) It seldom giveit up, as they Had they can write bettor in that way than Iff- the common method. In hopeless cases, sufferers try the left hand, and, aa the writing may be said to be done more by the eye than by the fingers, the change can be made with less trouble than is supposed.' .W.W;"-3L 8ee Notes and Queries. Z. "Hunter's Origin and Destruction of the Kelly Gang;" 1/8, posted; and "White's QrtmM^nd Criminals oil Australia," 4/, Tax Act of New B?uthL Wales applies to all persona whether <* not drawing an income from New South Wales. The detection of £900 is made from absentees and residents alike, and not; as in VJe toria from residents only. 2. Bee Horticultural. 7!r in^re-.1- Spoking. 2. The practical effect of the witnesses to a win befog also tho executors. would be to render the will inopeta tive. * Smoker" (Oheshont).-<Itam is no excise doty on imported leaf or manufactured tobacco; the im ii . ^ ?lone is charged, the excise duty is collected on locally-grown totacoo manufactured ior home *>nswmpHnfc <*ndidate for examination as snort v* . ^ter to the Buprems Court requires in j* above the age vt« **n, to*rotes faati ^'.kofgood character, mni mtisfr the words a nfnmte Ibr five ( minute and read aama ta haM ka fcwe. : ? "oto "~~rrri« " TIIIMIII Krmtx>m hum |a ft5Swk*.2?5?f lar 111-- of the S®T alphabet; a peculiar «6«nd la gina-iA tte cooaon^t " ".f-B.GU (Ml m A Ml «enu In 'Judge ndtRfi Betninia £5®®*-,_,pl<toert murderer was, I think, tried ^^ Thleny, and the evUeaoeM I* the ghost ZF7 *?«..«#**?* boaght op by * *ma***did . memories being- revived. 1 had t copy, but foolishly lent it, with the usual result." [The work referred to is inaccessible. It contained too many reminiscences which the children (unto the third and fourth generation) ol Judge Thierry's contemporaries wish forgotten; so it disappeared from circulation.] "G.D." (Wentworth).-The case is really one for an architect, who has first to find out what is wrong. An expert we have consulted writes that the nature of the trouble should be stated. Is it that of (ft) echo, or confusion of sound, or is there (b) difficulty in the voice carrying! The flat plastered ceiling, and low liest and squareness of the angles, are sot in favour of good acoustics, but the size available for audience (46 z 30) is so small that there, should not be difficulty. The height of pros cenium opening is less than usual, but the (c) height ot stage Is not given. "Bendigo."-Ttie field glass is quite as effective as the opera-glass at the theatre, and many are 60 made as to be used either for theatre or field. The chief objection to them is their large size. Ou the other hand, opera-glasses have not sufficient length ot focus to be useful out of doors; they have a low magnifying power. There are other differences in con struction which need not be specified. "Self-taught."-1. The colours used for painting a dapple bay horse are brown, white, black, red, blue, yellow. For a brown one, brown, blue, white, and black. 2. Damp will cause blotches on opal painting. "A.M." (Springvale).-4. Held over. 2. An edi tion of Kendall's poems, which, we presume, are given complete or as nearly so as is practicable, | was issued a year or two back, and ought to be ? still on sale. 3. The lines you ask for occur in Tennyson's "Locksley Hall" "This is truth the poet sings, TTiat a sorrow's crown of sorrow is remember ing happier things." ' Hje reference may be either to Dante's "In ferno/' book .v., stanza 121, or to Chaucer's "Trouus and Cressida" "For ot fortune's'sharpe adversite, Hie worst kind of infortune is this A man that has been in prosperite, And it remember whan it passed is. 