& HORSELESS, .CARRIAGE EPISODE. 'Aunt JeruBha had never 'seen nor heard of the above, $o she flung up tho window and popped out her head with- the graoo and spring of ft mechanical toy. 'Lawks! Mercy aakos! .Wai, I nover in my life! If that don't bent tho Dutch!' ivuun ultumuuh YJS-tt-VlS tVt tut} . . 'table near tho window she had un ceremoniously flung up was a hand some young man, an artist, In faot, who had come to Seedville 'to sketch. Ho took no trouble to explain himself to its villagers, but. dropped aa simply as possible into vthe simplicity of its life. 'Mrs. Spearmint,' he said, mildly, 'if you will close that window ray : ' 'buck-wheats nnd sausage will be jmuoh wanner,' / 'Oh, but sakos alive!' she re sponded, 'do look quick and never mind your buckwheats! Ain't that tho curiostest thing yen} over did soo in nil your born days—and there ain't ft shudder of a horse to V it!' Vilas Stanfield grow interested, He tore himself from tho buokwheat cakes and projected his head from tho window, staving down tire nar row by-stroot on which Aunt Jer usha lived with tho true Seedville stare. - 'Crosnr's ghost T , r 'What, be it a ghost?'-asked . ; Aunt Jerusha, yanking in her head . . ' tad looking keenly at him, as if one or the other of thorn mjght be growing crazy. 'I might have known t'hat no one but Mias Waterloo would have ven tured into this region with an au tomobile tilbury! That bridge will novor hold her!' And seizing his \hiit ho rushed out of tho house and flown tho narrow elm-shaded street after tho horseloss carriage. ''Whatever has struck that man?' ,-cried Aunt Jorusha, bringing clown ;tho window with a bang, now that tho show was out of sight. 'What did ho cnll it? Waterloo, was it? Wait till I go tell Susan Sparrer ? ,hawk I've noon a Watorloo,' and ifiho hurried next door with this Wellington or Napoleonio piece / of ,»ews, ? ; The news affected tho Sparrer ; ' hawks as it had Aunt Jerusha. 'ffhoy threw up tho window and . 'ejected their hoads, but with no . -satisfactory result. Sam caught up Us hat and rushed down the street after Mr. Yilas Stanfield, who. sprung along in tho wnke of the flutormatio tilbury at a college , acquired gnit. , v It was a very nice vehicle, en amelled in dark green and up 1 bolstered in russet leather, In the ?middle of, tho seat, dressed in dark ; green and russet to match tho til bury, was a very young woman (manoeuvring the motor as if her only desire was to keep her turnout . nt the top of its speed. Viliia Stnnfield could nnt, n'vnn. 'take it. He called; ho flung .pebbles at it; he whistled. It .splashed through tho puddles, and bumped over tho inequalities of , 'the villago by- road as if nothing would bo allowed to stop it, In ;ft moment it would bo upon a bridge, a scrumbling bit of antique arclii ,'tecturo that Seedville had olungto as a footway long after they knew ,it was unablo to hold even the doctor's chaise, Heoent heavy rains had now nil but washed away its supports, The automobile til ? bury was aa surely hoaded for an accident as any whirring express with a boulder on the traoks. He turned white and whistled again ; this timo tho tuno he and she had , used in a duot.as with this name 'horseless tilbury thoy had rolled along tho hard, broad roads in iBouth-woRt England. Sho still whirled on, Ho put his fingers to his lips ,and increased the strength of, the Whistle. ? , Sho stopped, the wheels of her '.... carriage on tho vory edge of tho decrepit bridge, turning white, too, but not becauso of tho dangor. , 'Mr. Stanfield,' she said °sovoro ly, as ho came up, 'may I ask what this means?' , 'Certainly,' lio said, touohing liis hat. 'You can't oross the fridge. It's nob/ .safe evon for foot passengers. I saw you from my boarding-houso window, and I came to tell you,' 'Very kind, I'm sure,' she said, with a little toss ' of her russet feathers, 'but I've no wish to have you save my life a second timo. Wo had enough of that melodrama at Bude;' and she puts her hands on the motor handles again. Uo sprang forward, his eyes bjimng, 'I'm in earnest, Miss Waterloo. You must not oross that bridge, unless you want to be drowned.' 'I'm in earnest, too. I shall oross that bridge, and I won't have you save my life. The obli gation of having you save it at Dudo is enough,' 'Yei7( well,' he replied, in a hard, crisp tone; 'I won't save it then; but hero comes a man whom I know. Sam,', ho called, 'show this lady how to get across by the other bridge,' and resuming his hat he walked rapidly back 'to his village,' . '? , 'It's nonsense!' cried Miss Watorloo,' as sooon as Titos Stan field was out of sight, 'Of course loan go over this bridge, I have orossed two this morning that were quite as bad.' 'To toll the truth, now,' said Satn, slowly, 'he's about, right. I wouldn't drive our cow over tluV bridge since the last rain. Why, it ate the mortar right out 'tween the stones. Ill show you the way 'round by the other one. 'I haven't time,' she said, glano ing down at the tiny watch ohtif.c laine at her jacket lapel. 'I've lost over five minutes now, and I'm racing and must get back to Stoop loton as fast as I can.' A a onco moro taking tho motor, she shot across the bridge almost to the other sidoj when there was a waver, a crash, a collapse, and Miss Wai er loo and her tilbury automobile dis appeared with tho bridge. 'I swam,' exclaimed Sara, 'I swam!' and flinging off his coat, he managed to pick and scramble his way across the stream to her resoue. 'That's right,' he called, oheerily, 'just sit quiet and I will givo you a pull on to dry land. Tho thing wouldn't make such a bad boat if i« hadn't wheelfhand had sides and would float;' and he gave the til bury a Btrong twitch toward, shore as she gathered herself ^together and totterrid to her feet. 'Don't do that,' she cried. 'I'm killed as it is, and it shakes so.' 'The young feller knowed, didn't he?' said Sam, discontinuing his jerks upon tho oarriage, 'Oh, yes, I suppose so. Where did he live? Please take me to hiB place right away. I have no other friends about here, and my arm hurts awfully,' and in spite of her sot lips she began to weep. « 'Don't ory,' said Sam, sympa thetically, 'Hold on a minute, and I'll fish you out as fine as a new fiddle,' and seizing a plank he ex tended it to her from the edge of the bank, and tugged, pulled, splashed, and dipped her out with ?t ' ' ^'Your queer buggy, or whatever it be, '11 have to wait there till I \\}r\n git some of the boys to give mo a lift with it. Kin you walk?' anl he eyed his ohargo anxiously. ''Cause if you can, I'll gallant you to Aunt Jerusha's.' 'Aunt Jerusha's?' 'Yes ; that's where he gtopn j it's just next door to. us, an' 'twas her that came trottin' in an' told us about you souddin' by like all pos sessed and no hosses. So I grabbed my hat and came runnin' up to see the show, but i. didn't plan for no such grand one as this. How are you gettin' on—can you walk?' 'I will try to,' she said, stepping off very slowly, and oatolung at hiB arm for support. 'You don't mind allowing me your arm for a little way?' 'Oh, no; that is—' and he coughed violently as he stiffly pro jeotod his elbow. ' 'I've gallanted girls before.' Thoy made an odd pair for the villago road. She, a draggled, trip ping tailor- gowned girl j ho a ohorry-oheeked Seedville swain, wriggled with Burplus attempts to be gallant, and to nobly do his duty, yet growing still moro oherrjr ;' ' I ______ . , t cheeked and wrigglesomo ? as they .oame within reach of tho village windows. 'There be Aunt Jorusha's right over there,' ho said. 'Sho'll give you oarap firo or oatnip or whatever 'tis you want. I'll haf to go and git my- coat; seems I forgot it,' and dropping her from hia arm he vanished around the barn, leaving her ' deserted opposite the brass knooker on Mrs. Spearmint'a side doof, ( , Mis Watorloo slowly crossed the by-streets to tho side door,and, much dazed with tho shook, pain and em barassinent of her condition she raised the knookor and let it fall with a. 'tap. that brpught Mrs. Spear mint to the door as ti she had been waiting fox* it, 'Aunt Jerusha,' said Miss Water loo, for want of a more formal name, 'is— does— Mr. Vila* Stan field live here?' 'He do at present, but he's just gone, up and hanged himself into what he calls his study.' 'May I seo him a moment?— that is, I think you'll have to take. me in. I've had an accident ; I fell through, the bridga and— ' 'Land er Goshon^ You don't say sol Wai, now; como right in I^his rainit. I'm awful glad to see you, and so he'll be, no doubt. Hurt, did you say? Poor thing, and you're all sorter damp. I'll lend you my wrapper while you dry off. Mebbie I'd better get a ' doc tor?' .....-,.:.? 'If somebody would send a tele gram for me,' said Mian Waterloo, 'I would—' 'Wait, p'r'aps Mr. Stanfield will! He's an awful nice young man, an' as hansome as a pieter,' and, shov .ing an old- fashioned rocker towards Miss Waterloo, Mrs. Spearmint mshed uptairs to the tudio. ' 'Ut Stanfield!' * » No answer. ? 'Mr. Vilan Stanfield!' No answer. 'Be you asleep?' 'No,' 'Wai there's bo'n an accident. to the Waterloo, an' she's downstairs wanting you to telegram.' The studio door fled open. Vilas was past Mrs. Spearmint and down tho stairs threo steps at a time, but he did not telegraph. Ho got tho automobile tilbury from the water ; he sopped it up and rubbed it down till it looked as well, an when it left tho manufacturer. Then because Miss Waterloo's arm waa so out of order, he .got into the horselesfi car riage beside her and took her hbme. — 'Chicago News.' 