j OR. tke CAN' cerfield mystery. = JIA- Ats- " 4PTi • vis lust my ase uiien tBi' " ,i:f' fl '—a'little the elder, I married. SI She wasn't r Iple Uk-i as attrac- —I did my- 1Bf' 41,a che «-as a great r* tmie ' ;„, wife of the hand- ^ T z giand. and she loved loved poor Mr. " •aid not much more -,ri-h hPr- nevcr mind in what 1lived v.^Th her. and knew Ver .tan any other toman it" . her husband. In- »^oon-and how he SSp saw as little of her as *VC was the worpan he was "and the woman he loved was \- . „i, as all the angels, and not It's a very old state Dangerfieid—nothing Tour mother was fran- ^ ^a, having the temper , made "his lor—I mean, r" lather's life a martyrdom, .ssieare and reproaches. When XbW sometimes, swelling her '^drrftoinsiier nose, and look- „-iy I used to pity her. and J TrentureJ to offer my humble hv and call mv-her husband a ,ijoVOU Ino'v how she reeeiv- Y =he jumred UP and flapped my r^rijd to hear it" said Katherine, I „,-,.re "Sit 1 ? sen-ed you Jji conip^ ' , douM. Tou would have yne, rm sure. Well, it was atiat time the romance of my life Tour mother's brother came Tteland t.> malte her a visit, and ras only twenty; I was . j-^jevenU'fi:.. He was hand- ' jjj poor-your mother had got ?nira?y, he all the beauty of the Z.ix I n-as—niy modesty makes me to fay it- considered pretty in , jap-tiar is, in a rerlain gipsy t£f prftOTC-S! It was a style that > Lis, at least, and ive looked at 'ether- aid fell in love, and earth jto paradise, and v,c were among is! [•jbaaesispecicd our secret—his folly iU presumption—that is what she jL we had fixed the day of our ji-a-e had packed our portmanteaus ifeLhana week we would be in iai asd united as fast as Scotch BfilHir? can unite, when, all of a mv la—your mother's sharp, js v,v:v opr-ned. and saw the A sole oi his to me fell into her at and shf opened and read it. Not tteonMf thins to do—eh. Kathe- >; Ii told her ail—of our intended Siiowu days, of our proposed marip-all | itot u>!d you. Katherine. that you Eke ymr mother. You are. You ;litsn all your troubles quietly, aE2dłG<> outcry. no complaint. She i fhicp quietly too. Three hours aEls poi that note she came to me, D5.«anposed. and determined. "Hmr..' she said, 'l am going into jjfRnry for a day—only a day. Pack ^{rimjF. and be ready to accom- 'ce in an hour. stood C'.>nfvjunćei3. He was away; tvouU he say when he came back? Jit iras impDssiWe for me to disobey 1 then-only for a day. We would jslick in time, afi-" all. |Tar a day.' Katherine. she never umi! ire irere in Cornwall. She aim uncle, a rei-tor. there: he and iiuife lived in a lonely old grey house ie sea coast. It ivas late a.t night 2 the nmiUing stage-coach brought fit) tie door, and I was worn out with «Ł I asked for some tea ; my it mother gave it to me, graciously, iter cm land, a smile on her lips, jislevpins potion in the cup. Tse noon sunshine of she next day a my ro:a when I awoke. I was Slpn; back in my chair, dressed I Mt t-rn to bed. iiy head ached, ftit hot and heaw—1 was un- : to opium in any shape then, and ffios siektned me. I struggled ST -.ith mtaiors-. With a sharp ^ 1116 day « se<i «1M ht was—where*' l-taif ^ doae " ail- The first ,1 ' f,re ot quenchless hate that -teri ever since kindled in my 1 Blei,t she ^ b'? " J ttnvn - aU I was •j^-. ratom a penny in my •Pn.in.rin this stupid Cornish nontte away—two lirae enougli. as I 'JtL™-** "ten. My Ł at th0 of that ^ I ail.tr, " as ,aken to pfessd• • 1 1 just one Question i»t -j,. was 5-ouus; Mr ?• ^'""'Siit before. ' of haired of your you mink she deserved wu-yes'' fcj.u,erine answer- "fere, aoobM^r f he what „ . T ' and took the only ^ as a rule, marry ^tins-maids." maid y-.^^-d. "I was no "^„lou Know nothing •• e esclajnK-d Katherine, ^t^aTrff a !aa - v ; her ^ r™ 7 in ,1,e " th R'fle®f.fannt Rh-„ a " his Harriet 1 Vavasur j ' Gor.di.J,''' ter Tified, to „17,. ,ls " v hat a fool she 5. ł! '" k al an to such a girl 1 know \- - , y.,ur , r^a] name Hat that t'V'": As 1 have fst I 1 ^hal l find out aH •y as wo both live and i and, I oils day discover my Punisi, asor. good night, undu-siand each a EhH „,« ł - ^ ^ - «5s gone. thtn dosed after ^ v Z f 4V K ' r mistress - n ^ that 16 • : ars '' v " od - But she ferte ^,™ *v>l, sustained her. ltn the girl, she ' laid " - ' 0C J girl, A'inon,' 10 a verv capricious all your you u, swa nipht_. '••at '0 her It ,Va; but not • i. ^-,, - set it to Ian3 ^-"lay in their • h - r ricU dresses hung- in the wardrobe ana closets, her bridal dress among them. She took a small portmantean.packed a few articles of dress and linen, a few of her most cherished presents) one or two books and souvenirs, closed, and locked it. Then, still dressed as she was/she sat down by the window and waited Tor the dawn. ; It came, rosy and golden, and touched the eastern windows into flame • Then she arose, and taking the portmanteau in her hand, went softly out down the stairs, and along to that door in the turret by which she had gone out and come in last night. She closed it noiselessly —the household was not yet astir—and walked rapidly down the crisp, frozen avenue to the gates. The rising sun shot red lances through the brown boles o£ the trees, gilded the many windows and turrets and tall chimneys of the old Hall, making ą wonderfully bright and fair picture of early morning beauty, had She but turned to see. But she never once looked back. chapter xvii.—poor katherine ! " And how is your patient to-night, Mrs Otis? Any change for the better yet?" It was Dr. Graves who asked the question, blustering In like the god of the wind. A high gale roared without, a few feathery flates of snow floated past the/windows in the etormy twilight In the sitting-room ot the Widow OtteV jpretty cottagfe residence a bright fire burned cheerily; the i«d, warni light streaming through the window-curtains (a far out opon the frost- bound road. "Good evening. Dr. Graves. I thought it was Henry. Come to the fire. Bitterly Cold, is it. not, outside? Mv patient? Well, I don't see much improvement there; but Henry says he improves, and of course Henry knows best. Take this chair—do, and try and thaw yourself a little." Dr. Graves took the cushioned rocking chair, and spread himself out luxuriously to the blaze. "Where is Henry? I wanted to see liim." "Oh, among his poor patients, somewhere; Ue will be home to tea presently. Any news, to- night, doctor? I mean •"Tou mean the Scarswood tragedy, of course, ma'am. Nobody in Susses, I believe, talks of anything else latterly. No, no news; and no news in this case does not mean good news. The funeral is over, as you know, and there is no will, and everything falls to that pitiful, pettifogging little screw of an attorney," Peter Dangerfieia—everything, Mrs Otis —everything." Just then Mrs Otis started. She beard the outer hall door opened, a quick footstep crossed the passage, the sittingroom door was flung wide,' and" Henry Otis, "booted and spurred," stood pale as a ghost before his mother and Dr. Graves. "Henry!" the word was a low, frightened cry, but Henry Otis' eyes turned from her to the doctor. "Is she not here" I was sure I should find her here." "Find whom here ? What do you mean, young gentleman?" "I mean Miss Danger-field. What! don't you know? She ran away, either last night or this morning, from Scarswood, and no tale or tidings of her are to be found. I thought she might have come here to—to see him." Henry Otis crossed abruptly to the fire, and stood staring into it with a greatly disturbed face. "Run away!" the widow and the doctor both, exclaimed. " Y «s—run away—to her death, most likely.'.' "Henry: ' Good Heaven!" "Women have been driven to their death before now by men—girls have committed suicide for less than she has undergone. It is not those who make most outcry over their troubles who feel them deepest. What has she to live for—robbed, of all at one blow?" "And my opinion Is, she has done nothing of the sort!" curtly interposed Dr Graves. "Only arrant cowards commit suicide: and whatever blood flows in Miss Dangerfield's veins, there is not one drop of the coward in it." As he uttered the last emphatic words, there came a knock at the front door. "What presentiment was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such a very unprofessional bound He threw it " open, . and — yes — there. In the spectral, wintry dusk before hi™ stood the tall, slender.sombre figure—its black robes, its white face, and great solemn eyes—there stood Katherine Dangerfield. He could not speak a word r the unutterable relief of seeing her alive and there for a moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first, in that fafnt, sweet voice that haunted him for ever after his life long: "May I come in? It is very cold, and I want to see him." There was something so forlorn in her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plaintive tone—something so like a spirit about her that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She stood before him alive, but surely death was pictured on her face. "Come in, please,",he said, simply ; and she glided past him <along the lobby and into the presence of the other two. "My child—my child!" Mrs Otis said, with a motherly cry; "thank: Heaven you are alive, and have come to us. Sit down; let me warm your hands-^-poor, little frozen hands. Oh,, my child, what a fright you have given us all! Where In the world have you been?" Katherine sank wearily down in : the ch2ir, and let ber. bands lie in the elder woman's warm ciasp. „fi have been with Hannah,'* ebc answered, ^owly;"'aiBrajcken Hollpw. wltb my nurse. And to-morrow-I leave Castleford, aiid I" could not go, you know, without seeing Gaston." Her voice died drowsily away, her head drooped against the back of the chair, her eyelids fell heavily. The three about ber looked In one another's startled faces in dead silence. What did this mean? "My child—Miss Dangerfield!" Mrs Otis murmured. "Oh, look up; don't lie like that, Miss Katherine! Miss Katherine! •'Yes, papa," drowsily; "but I am.' so sleepy, and I don't want to get up to breakfast yet Has Gaston.come? It is cold for him to ride from Castieford to-night—ana he hates" the cola—poor Gaston. Call me when he comes, papa —I want to sleep now." * Her eyes closed heavily again — her; mind -was wandering^ Her troubles had been too much for her, then, after all, and had turned her brain. Dr Graves bent over her.-and shook her slightly. "Katbprine — Katherine!" "he called. "Rouse up! "Gaston bis come—Gaston ts here!" • •...;, She sal up and gazed at lum, a bewildered "lookin .her'eyes, "Who calls?"- she asked. • "Oh, Dr Graves is It . you? Where am I? Is . papa HI' again? Why; this isn't—~ She ; looked ' ' around, and memory "seemed slowly- struggling' back. "S"es, I know now—this is Mr otis' up '•aaile^itó^Tliw^s^t.w.iPWi is he to-night, Mr Otis?" "Much as he bas been from iherfirst, Miss Dangerii^d—JIttlebetter, ^Isut be sviU *»ot die? Mr Otis, yon tdld ane ie would wt-die!?-. j . H . at least. Is ęonscious of no suffer- ing.' him at once now-and atone? I don't know when 1 may see Mr 0tls' havebeen yOU t!Lke care of him for me until he is quite well again? I can't "I need no pay. For your sake. Miss pangeriield, I wiU care for him gladly. I wou a cherish a dog that had been yours. «. the Sh £ bright - h t w 0Dt old her grace. hSLT,d to him with "Thank you. I knew I might trust you. I must go before it gets too late. Please take me to him at once." He led her to the chamber door. White cold, and motionless, in the fast-fading aaylight, Gaston Dantree lay. She had not seen him since that fatal wedding night, and now- she saw him again— thus. She stood an instant; then she entered and closed the door. They heard the soft rustle of her silk dress as she knelt by the bedside, then silence fell No one spoke. The moments passed, the night had entirely closed in; the xrind howled through - the desolate churchyard, whose ghastly gravestones could be dimly seen glancing in the darkness. A hushed expectation held them—of what they knew not—a strange prophetic sort of awe. Mrs Otis was the first to move. The dock on the man-: telplece struck sis ; she turned softly and lighted the lanip, then stood 'waiting gain. Five minutes—ten—no sign, no sound from that inner room. -Fifteen—twenty —the two men looked at each other un easily. Twenty-five—thirty. Then Dr Graves spoke. "She has been there long enough. It is no place for her in. her present state. Mrs Otis, do you go and ask her to come out." The little widow, full of foreboding, walked softly to the door, and tapped. No answer. A second tap, louder; still no reply. A third rap—loudly this time,- but the only answer, profoundest silence." "Miss Katherine," she called, " may I enter?" Still no response. Then she opened the door wide, and recoiled, with a cry. "Henry, the child has fallen; she "has fainted! Henry Otis was in the room before the words were spoken. Katherine was lying on her face on the floor by the bedside, where she bad softly fallen. In one second she was uplifted in Henry Otis' arms and borne, out into the light. Her bead fell limp over his arm, her eyes were closed, her features rigid. He laid her upon a sofa—the two doctors bent over her—one with his hand over her heart, the other on her pulse. The heart lay still, the pulse beat no longer. Rigid, white; stark she lay. "Oh, Henry, speak!" his mother cried. "Dr Graves, tell me, has she fainted The elder doctor removed his hand from her heart, and stood up rather pale himself in the lamp-light. "Something worse than a faint, madam," replied Dr Graves. "Leave us, Mrs Otis, and your son, Henry, and will see to her." Sir Peter Dangerfield sat alone in the library of Scarswood; the silken curtains were drawn: fire-light and lamplight made the room brilliant; his purple easy-cSiair was drawn up before writing-table littered with deeds and documents, and Sir Peter, in goldbowed spectacles, was trying to read. Trying—not reading—for between him and the parchment page a face, menacing and terrible, kept coming—the face of Katherine as he had seen her last. Where was Katherine ? Dead or alive, she had sworn to be revenged. Was she dead ? He shuddered through all his little craven soul and heart at the thought Men bad looked at him darkly and askance all day, and turned coldly away from him while he spoke. There had been whispers of suicide. What if, while he sat here in this warm, lighted, luxurious room, she lay stark and frozen under the stars—dead by her own hand! There was a fall, smoke- colored bottle on another table, with glasses. He was usually a very anchorite for abstemious ness, but he sprang up now with a muttered oath, filled a stiff glass of brandy, and drained it at a draught. Suddenly there was a knock at the room door, and Dr. Graves was announced. Sir Peter arose, as Dr. Graves, hat in hand, very pale and solemn of visage, stood before him. News of Katherine at last. He grasped the back of his chair with .one band, and faced his visitor almost defiantly, as one who should say, "Whatever has happened, I at least have had nothing to do with it" "Well, sir ?" he demanded. "Sir Peter Dangerfield, I bring news of —of Katherine. She Ss found." The little baronet's heart gave great leap. Found! Then she had not committed suicide ? "Ah!" he said, with a look of sulky injury, "I knew as much. I thought she wasn't the sort of girl to take poison or throw herself into the nearest stream. So she's found, is she ? Perhaps she is "going to turn romantic sicknurse to her wounded cavalier, and end by getting him to marry " "Stop, Sir Peter. Dangerfield," the old doctor said, hoarsely; "not another word. Katherine Dangerfield will never marry Gaston Dantree or any other mortal "man. She is dead!" "Dead!" Sir Peter leaped from his chair as though be had been t stabbed. "Dead,, Doctor Graves! Good'Heaven! I thought you.saEd—1 thought "Yes, Sir Peter—dead! Of heart disease, no doubt, latent and unsuspected." And then the old doctor's voice broke, and be turned his back abruptly on Sir Peter and faced the fire. Dead silence fell. The dock ticked, the cinders dropped. Dr. Graves looked fixedly into the ruddy coals, and Sir Peter sat stiff and upright in his chair, quite ghastly to look at. "Dead or alive, I will be revenged!" The horrible words rang In his ear like his own death-knell. ' Greater and wiser than poor:Sir Peter Dangerfield have devoutly believed in ghosts; he was superstitious to tbe core. And Katheriiie was dead—dead—dead! Great heavy drops" stood osi. his pinched,- pallid face, and his voiee was imsky as he epokę: • "Dr." Graves, tiieiie must ^.be some mistake here—there must. She couldn't die in thai way^-it is toó horrible—and she was so young and so strong—never HI a day in her life." •'Sir Peter." the old physician said, quietly. "I am sixty-fixe years of age. and for the past foriy.years I have, seen death in all Its phases—lingering and instantaneous. And I tell you shfe is dead. Bhe ,s at Mis Otls's. and you can. convince yourself with your-own eyes." But still SIR Peter would not be convlnced—would ,not, could not "make tier aęafl. 1 ' fie bunSefl trom the jopm; changed his dress, 'orferea round his horse, jand' tn fifteen 'minutes the two men were galloping fuU speed through the fceen, frosty air towards CasHe- Śotfó- ' - , if 'The Jtewh ^ustaa-suia;aaHcJWien they rode into It-it ^ . ^ an .... eld'e AhtirtK an3 reeled dizzily for an instant, as he' sprang from the saddle. Tbe next' he rallied, and followed his leader in. On the sofa in the sitting-room, where they had first placed her, Katherine still lay. They had removed her hat and cloak, and loosened all her clothes, but over that rigid face the solemn seal of eternal sleep had fallen. They had closed her eyes and folded the pulseless hands, and calmly, as though sleeping, and fairer than ever in life, she lay. The haggard look had all gone, and a great calm lay upon it So Peter Dangerfield saw her again. There were three persons in the room. Beside Mr Otis and his mother, the old ex-Indian nurse from Bracken Hollow, sad, gaunt, and grey, sat close by her nurseling, swaying ceaselessly to ~ and fro, and uttering a sort of moaning cry, like a dumb creature in pain. She lifted her inflamed eyes, and fixed them with savage hatred "jpon the pallid face of tbe baronet "Ay," She said, bitterly: "you're a fine gentleman now, Peter Dangerfield, and you do well to come and look at your handiwork; but you're her murderer. you and that dying, false-faced villain lying yonder, as sure as ever men were murderers. The law won't hang you, I suppose, but it has hung men who deserved it less." "For Heaven's salce, hush!" he said. 'I never meant this! I never thought She would die! I would give all I am worth to bring ber back to life." "Liar!" - old Hannah, cried, towering up and confronting him; "-double liar and coward! Who refused her her dying father's request ?—who . offered her the deadliest and most dastardly insult it Ss possible for man to offer a woman ? And you say you are sorry. I wonder that dead as she lies there before you, she does not rise to accuse her murderer. Mr Henry Otis, this is your house, and she thought you Iter riend. Show yourself her friend now, and turn her murderer out!" "Hannah, Hannah, hush!" interrupted Mrs Otis, scandalised and alarmed. "Hannah is right, mother," said Henry, "and he shall go.^t Leave this house. Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never set foot across threshold of mine again. She turned to me in her trouble, she ame to me in her dark hour, and she is mine now—mine! Go—you coward, you robber and Insulter of helpless girlhood, and come here no more!" The fiery words scourged the baronet averted faces met him on every side! And, calm and white, Katherine Jay before him, with closed -eyes and folded hands—most awful of all! Without a word he slunk away like a whipped hound, and presently the door closed upon him, and he stood alone under the black winter night a c m w c h p I b e s T Alone! Would he ever be alone again? Sleeping and waking, would not that terrible, white, fixed face pursue him? "Dead, I will come back from the grave, if tbe dead can!" Would the word: she had spoken, the dreadful words be had laughed at once, ever cease to ring in his ears now? Would they not haunt him until they drove him mad? Sir Peter Dangerfield rode home. Home! What was Scarswood better than a haunted house now? He shut himself up in his library. lighted the room to more than the brilliancy of day, locked the door, seized the brandy bottle, and deliberately drank himself into a state of beastly stupor. When morning dawned, Sir Peter, lying on the hearth rug, was far beyond all fear of ghosts or goblins in heavy, drunken sleep. <To be Continued.) h t a 