CORRESPONDENCE. [Th* Editor docs not lmlil himself responsible ifor, or necessarily identified with, the ipinions expressed by correspondents.] Urn. MURRAY IN REPLY. \ To the Editoy of the Herald. . Sir,—The letter hy “ One of the Audienee in your Inst issue is hy no menus the first attack made on me in your paper hy persons with pseudonyms or fictitious names. Although such Jotters should be treareu with contempt, T cannot allow' this one to pass nuchal longed. Tho writer donht loss got his inspiration from your paragraph commenting’ on my speech; and is in a measure a reflex of tlio same. To begin vith, l>oth yourself mid your able correspon cent wore wrong in' stating that I took all the credit in securing the cemetery site. I slid clearly that Mr. Moscrnp took the first, >tcp in drawing my attention to tho site and the necessity of a cemetery being required. I said that I did all the writing and lmd it proclaimed without unnecessary delay. iVcrc I to state the whole facts of the It.C. >ite, to quote the ghost in Ha inlet, “ I could si tale unfold would make the hair stand on end like quills upon the fretful porcupine.” No sooner was the site bough* in the first instance than an effort was made to secure a site near the butter factory, H miles from the centre of the town. I had several alter cations with the priest of those days, in which I accused him of certain motives. As a further plea to his plans he said the bishop approved of the new site. I told him the people wlio resided m the locality and who subscribed the money were bettor judges than the bishop, who resided in Sandhurst. This consists of the whole of my abuse of his lord* ship. I took other means to stop this scheme till the priest left. As a son of the church {an unworthy one in the eyes of some), I am not at .liberty to disclose the reasons his suc cessor had in refusing to have anything to do with the old site. He would not even look at it. On the arrival of the present administrator, I explained all to him, and how I had fought the battle almost single handed. He thanked me sincerely, and, to show his approval of my actions, I was deputed to proceed to Melbourne us mutters were rather in a mixed state. I succeeded bey nd my expectations in getting it, and, as I had anlt* ohuehet I saved £150 for the committee by the means I adopted. This was sufKdent to arouse the jealousy of some persons. It is not true that I advocated the site in my own paddock. It was, I said, too far from the centre of the town: but. when asked to put a price on it when it would be considered with others (tho present one was not available at the time), the price I asked for an acre I subsequently got from Mr. Dixie, so that it did not make a penny dif- : ferenee in my banking account that seems to trouble “ One of the Audience” so much. I | am giving tho above facts to show my real cause of quarrel with the priesthood of the past. As I never undertook anything in my . life that I did not endeavor to cany out to the best of my ability, bis friendly advice to ' me is unnecessary. I will do my best for the j ratepayers who have placed me in such a proud position. As I happen to know where j this precious egg was hatched, having heard of it during incubation, I might return the compliment and offer my friend a word of ] advice from me, viz., Never become one of a j clique to injure your neighbour till you know j the trim merits* of the caso. I feel that this j letter is too long already, but, in defending myself, I had to give full particulars. I may i l>e an egotist, but, if I am. I am not aware i of it. Man, know thyself—but where is j that man? Thanking you in anticipation, \ yours. ka,% TIIOS. J. MURRAY. _ *‘Gleml:iro,M Titllungntta, October 4, iS97. 