Ä(jmt|c(|imnte him. On Thursday, June 28, 1838, Queen Victoria was crowned at Westminster Abbey. Many records have been written of the everyone of the greatest in British history and these have been trimmed and retouched to suit passing fancies or interests. The news of the day, written and published in London on the evening of the Coronation, long before the crowds viewing the spectacle had reached their homes, conveyS possibly the truest reflex of the historic scene. From a copy of The Sun, published in London on June 28 1838, are compiled the following details. That special edition was gorgeously printed in gold, though now all bedimmed by age. Its front page bears a medallion portrait of Her Majesty, and a copy of the royal signature. The production of this "Coronation edition of the Sun was a great feat in printing in those days. The publishers say, " Readers may form some idea of the exertions and expense necessary to attain our object, when we state that it has required the united labour of three large establishments, comprising between two and three hundred persons." The art of printing, as developed in 1897, enables The Mercury to produce an edition nearly treble the size without any very great strain upon ordinary resources. Incidentally, it must be premised that Loudon of 1838 and London of 1897 are in many respects totally dissimilar. Then a crowd of two or three thousand people was spoken of as vast. Country folk travelling citywards first made their wills. Visitors from across the seas came rarely. It was a matter of con- gratulation - something approaching the wonderful-that the commencement of Her Majesty's reign was distinguished by the establishment of a regular steam communication with the United States. Railway communication. in Great Britain was then in its infancy, and for years afterwards expansions of the system were fought against as ruinous to vested interest. Now all the world flocks in and out of London as the hub of the universe, and the millions there to-day will create a crush unparalleled. The one dark cloud looming over the Thanksgiving Day is that presaging a struggle in the human flood surging along the processional route that will appal the stoutest hearts. Let us not, however, anticipate evil. thE. CORONATION OF QUEEN VICTORIA. AS 17 minutes past 3 o'clock in the morning a Royal salute announced that the sun was rising upon the joyous day when the Crown of British realms was to be placed upon the head of the most popular and beloved Sovereign that has wielded the sceptre since the days of King Alfred. The whole metropolis was awakened, and by 4 o'clock the streets were so thronged with carriages and pedestrians as to be in many places impassable. The House of Commons was opened shortly after 7 o'clock, and members came hocking in, some in Court dresses, many in military or naval uniforms, and a vast number in the uniform of the Yeomanry Cavalry, then, as now, a popular and trusted branch of the Volunteer service. A ballot was taken as to the order of places of members to view the crowning ceremony, and at 10 o'clock the Speaker, accompanied by the Sergeant, Chaplain, Secretary, etc., went to Westminster Abbey. As early as 6 o'clock the Green-park, the Mall, and the enclosure of St. James's-park were filled with people of all ranks, and a struggle for places commenced. The roof of the north projection of the Palace was literally covered with people. It was not till 10 o'clock the procession commenced to move, and as the several illustrious foreigners were recognised they were much cheered, especially Marshal Soult. His Excellency Ahmed Pasha had a gratifying reception. The Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Sussex, and the Duchess of Kent were saluted with enthusiastic cheering. The weather from early dawn had worn an uncertain aspect, but almost at the instant when the Royal Standard was hoisted as a signal that the Queen was enter- ing her carriage the clouds passed away, and the sun shone forth with all the brilliancy of summer. As the Standard rose the vast assemblage responded with one tremendous shout of joy, which was continued until the Royal cortege had passed over Consti- tute Hill. The procession was headed by trumpeters, equerries, and a squadron of Life Guards, followed by carriages conveying the foreign resident Ambassadors and Ministers in the order in which they then took precedence in England, thus : - Mexico, Portugal, Sweden, Saxony, Hanover, Greece, Sardinia, Spain, United States, Netherlands, Brazil, Bavaria, Denmark, Belgium, Wurtemburg, Russia. This " order of their going " will to-day see many changes and expansions. In 1838 colonial Premiers and Agents General, to wit, were not dreamt of. Then . came foreign Ambassadors and Ministers Extraordinary in the order in which they respectively announced their arrival in England, { Special reference is made to "Ahmed' a Fcttij Pasha, Ambassador Extraordinary from the Sultan of Turkey." To- day the Sultan will find no one so poor to do him reverence." The carriages in which the Ambassadors, Ministers and Plenipotentiaries rode are described as most elaborately pointed and ornamented, superbly formed, and the coachmen, footmen, postilions, chasseurs, and attendants gorgeously liveried. Gold and silver lace lapped over all, and the footmen were even silver garters, and some of their hats were trimmed with real ostrich feathers. The hammer cloths on the carriages bore elaborate armorial designs worked in silk and velvet, chased gold and bullion, and even the driving reins were of silk. A description of one will here suffice Carriage of Count Strogonoff, Ambassador Extraordinary from the Emperor of Russia. Body of carriage painted lake with ornamental mouldings, surmounted with coronets. The lamps embossed and body suspended by snakes issuing out of rushes richly gilt. The panels embellished with His Excellency's arms and the ribands and badges of the Russian order of St. Alexander and St. Vladimir, the lion of Belgium, the Greek order of Otho, and the medal to commemorate the campaign of 1812, in rich mantles, [ surmounted by the Count's coronet. The carriage carved with oak branches, vermilion and lake, and handsomely gilt. The lining of crimson figured silk with gold face and bullion trimmings, the roof being white cloth embroidered with oak, with thistle and shamrock surrounding the rose. The seat-cloth scarlet to match the livery, with gold-coloured lace and fringe with bullion drops, festooned and ornamented in the" centre, with His Excellency's arms in gold on rich black Genoa velvet. The harness splendidly emblazoned with solid brass frames, richly chased saddle cloths of scarlet, laced with wide gold lace and velvet. The bridles mounted in gold, rich crimson silk driving reins, with scarlet satin roses and ear bows. The tenets mounted with a massive coronet. The whip embroidered with scarlet and white silk and superbly mounted with gold. The liveries of scarlet cloth richly laced with gold and silk lace ; the arms and crest of CountStrogonofl'em broideredonthem, the lining yellow, and the collars and cuffs of black velvet. At each of the buttons on the ends and at the end of each lap of the lace a handsome gold and silk tassel. The waistcoats of yellow cloth laced with richest gold lace. The small clothes of scarlet with a gold band. Some of the other liveries were even more ornate. Next in the procession was "Her Majesty's State,Hammercloth," covered with scarlet silk Genoa velvet embroidered with gold, with badges, J fringes, ropes, and tassels, all of the same valuable material. Then in solitary state came " His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, then two more elegant hammer cloths and then a regimental band, a detachment of the Life Guards, and a long array of carriages of the branches of the Royal Family and their respective escorts. Next another band, the Queen's barge-master, and the Queen's 48 watermen. (The youthful sovereign had no steam yachts at that period of her history.) Then came "Her Majesty's carriages, 12 in number, and each drawn by 0 horses, and conveying members of Her Majesty's Household, male and female. Then followed more Life Guards, another band, military staff and Aide-de-Camp, equerries, Royal huntsmen, Yeomen, Fricker, and Foresters Knight Marshal, and Yeomen of the Guard heralding the state coach," drawn by eight cream-coloured horses, attended by Yeomen of the Guard, the Gold Stick," Viscount Comber- mere, and the Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard. This carriage conveyed the Queen and the Mistress of the Robes, the Duchess of Sutherland, and a squadron of Life Guards closed the procession. Thus The pomp, the pageantry, and the proud array proceeded. At half-past 10 Her Majesty's carriage passed Apsley House, the procession, With slow but stately pace kept on its course, While al tongues cried-" God save thee " You would have thought the very windows spoke So many greedy looks of young and old Through casements darted their desiring eyes, And that all the walls With painted imagery had said at once, " Josu preserve thee." Thus the gorgeous carriage of England's Queen moved on amidst the loud acclaim, of her loyal and loving subjects, which Her Majesty most graciously acknowledged, while In every gesture was dignity and love. Along St. James-street, Pall Mall, and Charing Cross, every window was thrown open for at least two hours previous to the arrival of the magnificent pageantry, and thronged with expectant gazers. At the public offices, club - houses, palaces, etc., scaffolding were erected. The Oxford and Cambridge Club thus accommodated GOO members and friends, the Carlton Club 500, and the other clubs almost equal numbers. The Reform Club accommodated 600 ladies, and 500 members and friends. In St. Margaret's Churchyard there was not an inch of space unoccupied at 9 o'clock. The Sun chronicler mentions as a remarkable fact that " no seats were to be obtained for 2s. Cd., as was the case upon the occasion of the coronation of George the Fourth." Could he rise from his grave what would he think of prices asked for seats or even standing places to-day Î The applauding which welcomed the arrival of the Duchess of Kent, the Duke of Sussex, and others was of the most rapturous description. But the Queen ! No sooner did the people catch a sight of the features of Her Majesty than Such a noise are so ' As shrouds make at sea in the stiff tempest, As loud, and to as many times ; hats, cloaks (Jackets 'twas said) How up, and had their faces Been loose this day they had been lost. The multitude of Reformers assembled at the Reform Club House were so enthusiastic in their demonstrations of loyalty oh to draw the special attention of the youthful Queen, who acknowledged it by repeated bows. Her Majesty arrived at Westminster Abbey precisely at 32 minutes past 11 o'clock. The procession was most admirably conducted without a single accident. The great body of spectators were congregated in the nave, galleries having been constructed calculated to hold at least 1,500 persons," but the patience of the spectators was severely tried by the six hours' wait, diverted, however, by the arrival of distinguished personages, who had seats in the choir, and who had to pass up the nave to reach their various destinations. " As the Royal procession slowly wound its way between the lofty aisles, the spectacle presented was one, as gorgeous and impressive as anything that could be well imagined. When Her Most Gracious Majesty came within sight the vast audience simultaneously rose, and a shout, ' loud as from numbers without number,' rang through the venerable arches of the Abbey, and was re-echoed by the multitudes without. Her Majesty, as she walked up the nave, displayed perfect self-possession, returning the enthusiastic greetings with which she was received in a manner marked by that union of gentleness and dignity so characteristic of Her Majesty." The Great Officers of State, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, the noblemen appointed to carry the regalia, all in their robes of State, and the Bishops who were to support Her Majesty, had assembled in the Jerusalem Chamber before 10 o'clock in readiness for their functions. Her Majesty, having been robed in her robing chambers advanced up the nave into the choir, the choristers and orchestra rendering the anthem, "I was glad when they said unto me, we will go into the house of the Lord." At a quarter before 12 the procession advanced up the aisle, headed by the Prebendaries and Dean of Westminster, the rear being closed up by Officers, Exons, and Yeomen of the Guard. The procession included Royalties, Nobili- ties, Dignitaries of the Church, and Officers of the State. THE QUEEN, with the Bishops of Bangor, Winches- ter, and Lincoln immediately in advance, the Bishop of Bath and Wells on her left hand, and the Bishop of Durham on her right, walked in the procession, wearing her royal robe of crimson velvet, furred with ermine, and bordered with gold lace, wearing also the Collars of Her Orders, and on her head a circlet of gold. Eight ladies of title bore her train, and in their wake followed all the ladies of Her Majesty's Household and Maids of Honour. Captains-General, Gentlemen at Arms and others. THE RECOGNITION. Upon conclusion of the anthem the Archbishop of Canterbury made the recognition thus :-" Sirs-I here present unto you Queen Victoria, the undoubted Queen of this realm e, where- fore all you who are come this day to do your homage, are you willing to do the same ?" This was repeated east, south, west, and north, Her Majesty remain a ing standing and turning towards the people on the side at which the recognition was made, the people reply- ing to each demand "God save the Queen," and at the last recognition the trumpets sounded and the drums beat. THE FIRST OFFERING. The Queen, attended by the two Bishops, her supporters, and the Dean of Westminster, the Great Officers and the Noblemen bearing the regalia and the four swords of State, passed to the altar. Her Majesty, kneeling, made her first offering of a pall or altar cloth of gold. The Treasurer of the Household then delivered an ingot of gold, of one pound weight, to the Lord Great Chamberlain, who, having presented the same to the Queen, Her Majesty delivered it to the Archbishop, and it was, by him put into the Oblation Basin. Her Majesty, continuing to kneel, the prayer, " O God, who dwells in the high and holy place," etc., was said by the Archbishop. At the conclusion of the prayer Her Majesty rose and went to the Chair of State. The Litany and Communion Service were then rendered the choir, previously to the latter, singing the Sanctus " Holy ! Holy! Holy Lord God of Hosts. The service concluded, the sermon was preached by the Bishop of London, the text of the Right Rev. Prelate being 34th chapter, 2nd Book of Chronicles, v. 31, the oven. Her Majesty having on November 20, 1837, in the presence of the, two Houses of Parliament, made and signed the Declaration, the Archbishop of Canterbury now ministered the questions prescribed by the service, which Her Majesty having answered she went to the altar, and, kneeling there with her right hand on the Holy Gospels, took the Coronation Oath, kissed the Book, and to a transcript of the Oath set her Royal sign manual, The following hymn was then sung by the choir, "Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire." THE ANOINTING. Upon conclusion of the hymn the Archbishop read the prayer, O Lord, Holy Father, who by anointing with oil, didst of old make and consecrate kings, priests, and prophets," the choir sang the anthem, "Zadok the Priest, and Nathan the Prophet, and the ceremony of anointing was performed. The Dean of Westminster took from the impulse consecrated oil, and pouring some into the anointing spoon, the Archbishop anointed Her Majesty on the head and hands in the form of a cross, pronouncing the words " Be thou anointed," etc. The. amount which contains the holy oil is in the form of an eagle, with the wings expanded, standing on a pedestal all of pure gold finely chased. The head unscrews at the middle of the neck for the convenience of putting in the island which is poured out through the point of the beak. The weight of the whole is about 8oz. or 10oz., and the cavity contains about 2oz. of oil. The anointing spoon is likewise of pure gold, with four pearls set in the broadest part of the handle ; the bowl of the spoon is finely chased within and without and by its extreme thinness appears to be very ancient. THE REGALIA. Then followed the ceremony of presenting the Royal regalia spurs, sword, mantle, orb, ring, and sceptres. THE CROWNING. The Archbishop, standing before the altar, took St. Edward's Crown into his hands, and having consecrated and blessed it with prayer, O God, who crownest Thy faithful servants with mercy," placed it on Her Majesty's head, are being assisted in this ceremony by the other Archbishops and Bishops of the realm. The people with loud and repeated shouts cried "God save the Queen," and immediately the peers and peeresses present put on their coronets, the Bishops their caps, and the Kings of Arms their crowns the trumpets sounding, the drums beating, and the Tower and Park guns firing by signal. Then followed the ceremonies or presenting the Queen with the Holy Bible, the pronouncing of the Benediction and the singing of the Te Derail. THE INTHRONIZATION. Te Deum being ended the Queen was lifted into her Throne by the Archbishops, Bishops, and Peers, around Her Majesty, and being so enthroned, all the great Officers of State, the noblemen bearing the swords, and the noblemen who had borne the other regalia, stood around about the steps of the Throne, and the Archbishop standing before the Queen, pronounced the exhortation, " Stand firm, and hold fast," etc. THE HOMAGE. The Archbishop then knelt before the Queen, and for himself and the other Lords spiritual pronounced the words of homage, they kneeling around, and saying them after him, each kissing her hand. The Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge then did likewise, severally touching the crown upon Her Majesty's head and kissing her left cheek. The Dukes and other Peers thereupon performed their homage, each Peer of the same degree, successively, touching Her Majesty's hand and retiring. During the performance of the homage the choir sang the anthem, "This is the day which the Lord hath made," etc., and the Treasurer of Her Majesty's household threw about the medals of the coronation. THE HOLY SACRAMENT. Then followed the partaking of the Holy Sacrament, the most impressive ceremony of the day. Her Majesty, delivering the sceptre to the Dukes of Norfolk and Richmond, descended from her throne, and went to the altar, and taking off her crown, knelt down. Then the Bishops delivered the patina and chalice into the Queen's hands, and Her Majesty delivered them to the Archbishop, who, having said the prayer " Bless, O Lord," etc. reverently placed the same upon the altar, cover- ing them with a fair linen cloth. The Queen, still kneeling, made her SECOND OFFERING, a purse of pure gold. When the Archbishop and the Dean, with the Bishops assistants had communicated, Her Majesty received the. Sacrament, after which, having received the Crown from the Lord Great Chamberlain, she repaired again to the throne, and received the sceptre In St. Edward's Chapel Her Majesty was disrobed of her Royal Imperial mantle, or robe of State, and arrayed in her Royal robe of purple velvet, and the Archbishop placed the Orb in Her Majesty's hands. The gold spurs and St. Edward's staff were deposited on the altar in the chapel, and the return ] procession was formed up by the Officers of Arms, the Queen wearing her Crown and bearing in her right hand the Sceptre with, the Cross, and her left the Orb, their Royal Highnesses the Princes and Princesses wearing their coronets. Thus the Queen of England departed by the west entrance. Her Majesty and the Princes and Princesses of the Blood Royal returned to the Royal Palace with the same state as in their proceeding to the Abbey. KING EDWARD'S CHAIR. This chair is an ancient seat of solid hardwood, with back and sides of the same, variously painted, in which the Kings of Scotland were in former periods crowned, but having been brought out of the kingdom by Edward in the year 1266, it has ever since remained in the Abbey of Westminster, and has been the Royal chair in which the succeeding Kings and Queens of the realm have been inaugurated. It is in height 6ft. 7in., in breadth at the bottom 38in., and in depth 24in. ; from the seat to the bottom is 25in., the breadth of the seat within the sides is 28in., and the depth 18in. At 6in. from the ground is a board, supported at the four corners by as many lions. Between the seat and this board is enclosed a stone, commonly called Jacob's, or the Fatal Marble Stone, which is an oblong, of about 22in. in length, 18in. broad, and His. deep of a steel colour, mixed with some veins of red. History relates that it is the stone whereon the patriarch Jacob laid his head in the plain of Luz. It is also added that it was brought to Brigantia, in the Kingdom of Gallicia, in Spain, in which place Gather, King of, Scots, sat on it as his throne. Thence it was conveyed into Ireland by Simon Brock, who was King of Scots about 70 years before Christ, time ; from thence into Scotland by King Fergus about 370 years afterwards and in the year 850, it was placed in the Abbey of Scone, in the Sheriffdom of Perth, by King Kenneth, who caused, it to be enclosed in this wooden chair, and a prophetical verse to be engraved, of which the following is a translation : Should fate not fail, where'er this stone is found The Scots shall monarch of that realm be found. 