ACADEMY OF MUSIC. POLLARD’S COMIC OPERA COMPANY. "LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE." Planquette's popular opera, “Les Cloches [?]e Cornceville,” probably suits the public taste better than nine out of 10 comic operas. When first produced in England, 20 years ago, it ran for n» fewer than 600 nights, and einoe then it has charmed crowded audienoes in almost all parts of the. civilised world. Its first merit is in the story, charming and ar tistically wrought; simple and, yet most interesting. The picture ■of village life, the jealousies of Sarpolette and Ger maine; the Rtrange, weird, old missr; the old castle of-Mrs Radclitfe’s construction, the prntendnd ghosts, the hoards of money, and the humor of the btillie, are all blended into an exceedingly pretty story that moves on with animation, which is improbable enough, though quite possible. The incident of the dressing-up as ghosts of the old ancestors of the castle, and thus scaring the old miser at his hoards, is truly dramatic, and the undot current of tragic seriousness actually leads straight to tha comic position. The oharacters ofthe porsonagos aro admirably discriminated, notably those of the two girls and the baillio, and the other comio personages aro plea santly humorous. Lea Cloches is bright and fall of an amiable pastoral. humor; the situations, though exaggerated, are not extra vagant; the music is piqnant, dramatic, mid taking. Mr Pollard’s Company, who appeared last night before the largest honee of the season, succeeded in giving a highly creditable, and, in many respects, a remarkably clover presentation. Mias Maud Beatty, as tha Marqnis de Corneville, was never languid, and was full of force and finish, but so heavy a part was necessarily a strain upon her vocal resonrcss. Miss E. Motoalfe' gave ths character of Sarpolette a grace, variety, and intelligence that are seldom equalled. Mr W. S. Percy, as the Badie, was 'cierer and amusing, and Mr W. H. Qaealy was a most eccentrio Gobo. One of the features of the presentation was the portrayal of Gaspard by Mr Alt. Stephens, who in vested ths part with .great dramatic power, and furnished an interpretation quite in keep ing with the very high repute he has cainod. Miss Marion Mitchell, as Grenescheux, was decidedly pleasing, her singing being 'unusu ally good, and her acting brieht, spirited, and winsome. The choruses, as usual, wore of high merit. The season will bs brought to a close to night by a performance of "Undo Tom’s Cabin,” in connection with which several popular negro melodies will be introduced. 