fining Law Reform. c ATS AMERICAN MANAGER'S OPINION. SOME NOVEL PROPOSALS. Amongst the witnesses called by the Mining Commission which recently sat at Kalgoorlie was Mr H. O. Callahan, an American of high repute, Avho is the manager of the nJtj»ke,'Vie\v Console. Mr Callahan said that his views on mining were so entirely different to anything in vogue in this colony that lie t .had thought his evidence would be of no value to the Commission. The Chairman (Mr. Gilbert): New ideas are exactly what the Commission want. Witness: My idea of mining is that the country should be developed by the prospector. A miner who finds new country has had to take all the risks and chances, and you should try and put it within the means of the prospector himself to develop the country. You have had here a most remarkable mining bcow. These things come seldom, and in the future if the mines are to be developed, it must be by the individuals themselves. You liiive all sufficient knowledge of co-operative or syndicate mining to know that it is all done lor a little stock jobbing. Sooner or later these must come to grief, as they are dictated by men who have no idea of mining. In America we had all this stock speculation. Mining in the sixties went down to nil. The Go- Vernmentthen adopted a liberal attitude, and said that anyone could "locate country if they wished it. The law there now is so simple that all a miner has to do is to peg out his claim, pay one and a half dollars to record it, and every year record the work lie has done. I his latter is filed in the records, and is prima facie evidence of his title, In Australia it is argued that under this system a person could locate the entire country, in America that is not the effect. Though it may lead to a little " shepherding," still it puis the prospector on his own mine until it is developed. The prospector there has no partner. He will delve on year after year, and eventually brings out a mine. Some of the finest .shows developed there have leen proved by socalled " cranks." The prospector sometimes works on for '20 years before he is successful. While we lose in what you may call " herding," it developes that individuality which makes the miner. Here four or five men go to work, and they may have a little ore in sight. It' is 10 to 1 that l.hev what little money they can out of it and let it go, iind after they leave it. it is a worse holding than it wa originally. In Kew South Wales and Victoria tLey had fairly good mining camps 20 years ago, with Jittle lodes. 'J lie law courts compelled the miners to pay a heavy rental and employ so many men on the giound, so that a man had to have five or six partners. The effect, was that the land was abandoned when it should not have been abandoned. Your cbject should be to make a nation of independent miners. It can be done. In Colorado there is no prominent mine on the stock board manipulated for stock purposes. The only stock so manipulated is on the Comstock. You want labor conditions on mines. Until you get a mine you cannot get labor. If a prospector is willing to risk his labor and industry, that is sufficient for tlie State. The Chairman : We are told here that the first «ssential to mining is I'- 1 in(r<'diiee capital fitness: No. There is no j apital equal to Australian I muscle. Colorado would never have been developed otherwise. They did not say, We want capital." Cripple Creek was developed by a carpenter. They said, " The gold is too ijne ; you can't save if," but licfkept on delving until he demonstrated if. Capital follows alLer profitable investment. Capital flowed in here because they had a chance of floating mines. Your idea is to locate a claim and sell it to someone else, and sometimes you hold on so long that you are left, holding the sack. The C>overnment should look at it in another light, and say, If the people want to locate country, locate it.' - We will regulate it so that, you can have if. surveyed at the smallest possible expense, ,so that you know exactly where you are. and one won't interfere with the other." I would say then, "Go to work and make it within the province of any one individual to perform the required amount of work during the year." In Australia, with all your labor conditions, there are many claims held without working. They are " shephered." For much discretionary power is given to the Wardens, Each prospector should be compelled to do so much work per year. That work — either sinking, driving, or cross-cutling jj3ut stoping) — is measured at the end of the year, and a description is filed in the Record Oflice and becomes prima facie evidence of title. .By that-means you develope the individual miner who will have an incentive to open up country. It may take him a lifetime. Someone may follow up where he left off. JJy that, means you will develope a higher class ol prospector— miners who "belong " in the mining business. Nine-tenths of the directors of companies have no idea of mining. They dictate, however, and perhaps the poorest miner on the mine knows more about the handling it than they do. What I advocate is a radical change, but it would be an improvement in my opinion. The Chairman: Do you consider the present title for leases satisfactory Witness: I am not a be liever in absolute security of tenure to mining claims unless they are worked by some means or another. The Chairman : Uo favor the present labor ditions ? you cun- Witness : The labor conditions I consider a farce. If a man has a " mine" he will work it. You can't create labor or au avenue for labor until you find the mine. The Government, by the laws and the charges they make, anticipate that when you put in four s pegs and apply for a lease they are giving you a mine. But they do not. They simply give you a prospecting area. Mines are not found by simply running over the country. You don't dig out ores by simply backing up a cart against the side of a hill. When mines are opened up if they are profitable they will be worked: and if not you have to give a man who is an owner time to develop it himself with his own energy and labor if he can get no other. The Chairman : Are not the labor conditions a safeguard for the British investor ? Witness: You don't define the difference between a mine and a 24-acre saltbush claim. A mine is not a mine until it is developed. If the foreign investor is so foolish as to invest his money there I don't think he should get any pity. The Chairman : What are your views about' "jumping" ? Witness : The "juniper " is certainly an undesirable article in any country. The| title should not leave any gufestion as to juinpiug. The amount of actual work performed should be recorded and serve as prima facie evidence of the continuation of the title; and if he al'ows the tilne to pass over fcr putting in the record tLe land then becomes a public dt main again. Some official conlii be employed to inspect the mines j and record the amount of work ; done. You are always am ici-i puling that mines are not : going to be worked ; but you know as a matter of fact that j where I here is a ghost of a show a miner would stay there as long as he couid. Men 1 don't leave sovereigns lie in the street for the sake of the trouble in picking them up. Hie Chairman: Then it is really in the interests of the state if the " salt, bush mines M here, as you call them, should be branded. Witness : No man should be allowed to locate a mining claim until he finds minerals at the place. If he wants a prospecting area he should brand it as such. There should be no location until the miner lias found either gold, silver, or other precious metal. You must first start with the proposition that he has something in the shape ol' a mine. Do you suppose the Australians located all this country for the mines that were in them ? This State has had a remarkable revenue from a mining ! ! bonm, occasioned perhaps by a desire in London to sell West Australian mining claims. You can't expect that it is going to occur again here j The Chairman : Do yoI think the erection of public | batteries would, encourage 1 prospecting'? Witness : In regard to that if you look over Arizona. California, Mexico, and al those countries, you will find that the less the Government interferes with an industry in the shape of assisting it the better. Ail attempis of Governments to venture into private enterprise have been failures. If you want public batteries, I say put them up as cheaply as possible, and let them be under the supervision of one man as watchman. -Tlien all those who wish to crush ore can take charge and ! do their own crushing ; but to keep a staff of officers and employ men to work the batteries would, I believe, entail a very heavy expense and prove a failure.' The watchman might he an engineer, and could see that the workwas properly performed. In America they lend mills bodily in this fashion. 1 he Chairman : Do yo approve of 'the establishment of technical schools of mines i on the goldfields ! Witness: I think it is a I perfect absurdity. It has I proved so throughout all the I colonies. The only way is to have a good School of Mines for all the colonies, All Australia might, support one ^good - cliool • • of Mines in - Ballarat or Bendigo, where a good \- - r deal of mining is done. The Chairman : As to re ward areas for prospectors, Mr. Callahan? ' Witness: II' ;i prospector finds a mine in any place it should be a reward area, and he should not be charged a cent. If he goes there .and locates it he is doing 'the State a benefit. All mines should be reward miues. If the mine is productive and you chose to put a tax on it, well and good. Only the smallest tax should be put on development in the early stages. The Chairman: Do you favor the present rent of £1 per acre for mining leases ? W itness : That would be a tax of .£24 per annum on a prospector who took up nn j area. If the aniouut were =put into the mine in working expenses it would do the state more good. If you are goingto tax the miner, tax the shipbuilder, the forester, and everyone in the same way. The expense of living is part and parcel of the cosi of working the mine: consequently the industry is _ already _ called Up 0J1 to pay for the" 7 maintcnance r,f the Government, The Chairman : What are. y 0lll. vj ew8 concerning a , prospecting vote ? Witness: My experience of j the prospectors when I "put j Up " for them have been verv bad. Give them ft show; let them go out '' on on tlieir thei own, Ipcate ground and -develop it The Government does not need to step in and assist them in any way. The Chairman : It is said that trouble may arise over the leaseholder and alluvial digger each having a title to the same piece of ground. What is your opinion, Mr. Callahan'? W T ituess : The American lavs overcome that. You allow people to go all over the cotuiti-y without respect to lode formation or any known indication. Jn order to distin- guish" what is a placer mine and what is a lode formation, you must find some mineral before you are entitled to a lease at the hands of the United States Commissioner. You must swear there is a lode there, When a man lias a lode it is a serious thing to use any of the surface area for other purposes. When a lode formation is discovered the prospector should have the absolute right to the u ground. If the Government thinks it is alluvial let it be worked as alluvial until it is abandoned, or grant a lode tit e subject to the (nnditions of those who have placer l claims. The Chairman : That is the system here now. The lease gives a title to mine for quartz reef lodes or veins. Witness : But when a man locates a mine as a lode mine his title is secure. I )on't come afterwards and say you are going-to prospcct it. for alluvial. A man started to work under my dump the other day. and wanted to mine for alluvial. A | luvial diggers «1 ould not be allowed to »n.W„,„i,» undermine H,® the whole property. We have a little alluvial on our property, and where it does not interfere with the works Me have no objection to the nieu working it. To say that they should be allowed to go into I he shaft and destroy the permanent work is absurd, ft is a very "ticklish" law, You must give a man some privilege of u working his claim. Twentyfo m ' , a . Cl ' ts is \ Yer ma11 lease -Y * on which to put up all requisite buildings. The Ivanlioe is hampered for room for the mill they propose building. The topography of the country should have a direct, bearing on the question of how much ! a,ld is re( l uimt ^ 1,uil , d * ng-s on a mine, bo far as the alluvial workers bave.ffone.on j the Lake View we don't object. -No hardships have been put upon me so far. The Chairman . AVliat size do you think an alluvial chiim should be'{ Witness: In America, whenever rich patches are discovered, the miners have power to regulate the areas which they are individually entitled to. The question can best be answered by the diggers themselves. If a prospector finds a new district—aud it is only once in a lifetime that he will —1 ishould give him a sufficient area to make a fortune out of it. The Chairman: Theevidence we have had from the alluvial nir n so far is that, as the gold is so easily\won from th« sur- ( ! ! ; face, they are favorable to the present size of alluvial claims, so that one man may not monopolise the whole country. Witness: They are the'best judges of that. , In answer to other questions, M r Callahan said he was opposed to any amendment of the Act making it compulsory for companies to put aside onefourth of tlieir capital for working expenses. A scheme of the magnitude of that proposed by the Government for supplying fcbie field with water was necessary. Mining inspectors had outlived their usefulness. The manager knew how best to manage his mine, and miners protected themselves. In the case of contributory neglect the mine owners should not be held responsible. They should trust to the intelligence of the miner to take care of himself. Mr Bryant said he had listened with considerable interest to Mr Callahan's evidence. The inquiries of the Commission were restricted to the best, mode of developing the auriferous resources of thie colony." It was scarcely likely that the Legislature was going to wipe out all th existing laws and regulations, and revert to something else all at once. It might see its way clear, however, to embody some of the alterations suggested bv Mr Callahan. 