TBEEWF IN chapter xxxv. ' TCjJTAY I liopn that the inter ' ' diet is taken off, Mrs. Dalton ?' he asked. ' Will you' \- shako hands with mo now, and give a favourable hearing to the ' petition I have to make'?' 'Oh, Mr. St. Lawrcnco— Mr. Fancourt, I moan — I am so glad .", responded tho poor lady, rceovor- ing her spceeh. ' I always liked you, and I never liked Mr. Fan- court — Mr Sedlcy, that is, I mean. . It will bo a great relief to Lena, I am sure, poor dear. I suppose you were telling Bertha ?' ; . ' Yes, I found she was hot aware that it was iny place Scdley had usurped,' Eustace replied. ' Do I understand you that Miss Dalton feels the breaking off of this marriage a relief ? I am most happy to hear she views it in that light.' 'I dare sav yon are, Mr... Fan- court,' said Mrs. Dulton, faking thechair from which Bcrtlui had risen. -x am uiruui you win have to excuse-Lena this evening; slio has naturally boon a goud deal upset, and I think she, is lyi g down.1; . ' r - ' ; : Eustuco begged Miss' ;Dal ton might not bo dist urbed on .his account — ho was a good' de. 1 puzzled as to why lie should be : supposed to wish to seo her. . : Bertha took the opportunity," of making her escape, leaving 'her mother and lover together. Mrs. Dalton was a little takciv aback by the coolness of St.' Lawrence's tone; she had ex- pected that no would bo in ecsta- \- sies on finding Lena . free. She began to smooth down her dress, as was her habit when she did not very well kuow what to ray. 'Ishould not have left the house this evening without asking to sec you,' St. Lawrence began, as ho stood before her. ' 'As I said, I have a petition to make.' -v , ' Now it is coming,? thought , Mrs. Dalton, and slur folded her ' "hatids/ mid cleared her throat, tincl prepared to listen with 1 becoming' dignity. "... 4, .. ' I have lone loved vour dauirli- ter, Mrs. Dalton,? lie went, on, forgetting at: the moment that f there was anyone else -in the world but Bertha, 'and I am proud to ray I have loceivcd the assur ance of iier love in return. There nwaits only your word ; to- make nio the happiest of men. Lord Alphinton is aware of my inten tion, iu coming here this evening, it is with his full approbation 1 speak.' 'I. am siirc what you say makes mo very happy, Mr. St. Lawrence —Mr. Fancourt, I mean,?. Mrs. Dalton returned. ' But you sur prise n:o by saying my daughter gave you any. nstuiancc— pud- end wouUl is riot have been bet ter to wait a few days ? She is scarcely prepared perhaps — so .suddenly, you know.' ' Mrs. Dalton stnmiricrcd arid co loured. Lena had riot received the announcement of Mr. St. . Lawrenco's accession to ,tlio name and style of Fancourt . at all ns sho expected— indeed, "instead of \- its restoring her to her cheerful ness, she h id looked the image of grief and despair, and,' if Eustace were to press, for an answer .that evening, she scarcely knew- what i might bo the result. . , . .. ; ' Yon must allow something for a lover's .impatience, my dear roadnirii'ho repliel,y8miliiig-p'be- : sides, now could . I remain -a way from Bertha and allow her to hear ; all thatjhas. . occurred from other sources?' Mrs;- Dalton again looked puz- zlcd and surprised. ! / V I am pure it is , very good .'of you to think of Bertha,' she said. Sho is d dear,, good girl, though of courso riot like her sister !'' ' No, thank Heaven 1' ejacula ted Eustace to himself. 'Then I hayo your consent?' , ho continued, aloud. ' You will receive mo as your son ? You havo.no longer any misgivings?' ,' Misgivings ! Oh, dear, no !' cried Mrs. Dulton. 'I am sure nothing. could have , turned out better than it has ; and tliore need Jbp ;no longer delay either, you jsec,'.. .: ' Ufloijot seo why any delay 6hoiiMbeLriecessary,'6aid Eustace. ' Thanks, my dear Mrs. Dnlton. Lord Alpliington bade mo say lie would call on you before leaving town. He wishes inri to go with hiin to Alphington Bark, but I. hope our stay in. London will bo prolonged for a few days.' IIo shook hands with Mrs. Dal ton, and, finding Bertha did not return, lie went nwaj', saying ho would seo her again in tho morn ing?::: . chapter xxxvi, and last. . Mas. Damon returned to Leua's room, hoping, to find her asleep. Bertha wiis there. When she raw lier: mother sho jumped up from .the4om6todY''muwMoh she had been sitting by tlio fire, mid threw her arms round her neck. v ' Eustace has told you all, has he not-, mamma ?' sho whispered. 'Please forgive mo far having kept our engagement a secret from ypu— it was only for a few diiys.' V Your engagement! ? "What ui'o you talkiug about, child ? Have you lost your senses ?' said Mrs..Dalton,agliast. ; -.- . ' Has lie not. told you then V asked ' Bertha, withdrawing her anus,1, and looking into lior moth er's face.'? . oomciiiing in iieruui's oiusning happy face, the recollection of tho manner in which she found St. Lawreucq and. Bertha together, stag jcred Mrs. Dalton ; she began tp? reeall hcr 'cony creation with St.. Lawrcnco and remembered that lie had riot- mentioned Lena's liatne. . Still ghe struggled against tlic conviction . ' Biit yon, Bertha,' she said in a quavering voice, rind sinking into the nearest chair — : ' you Countess of Alphington ! It is impossible ; '.' 'Hush, please, maiiima !' en treated Bertha, glnncing towards the. bed where Lena 1 y.- ' Bead that — it will toll you all ;' and she drew St. Lawrence's letter! from licr pocket? rind placed it in, lior, mollier's'haud.i Lena turned her head uneasily and uttered a low moan— Bortna. sprang to her side. , . - p '.My head !' slio raid, putting up iier hand. . pip - ' llertlia found lior sister's hands were burning liot and her breath ing. seemed oppressed. She m'o- tioneil to her mother. Mrs: Dal- toii had not finished readinc the letter, but she had seen enough : to convince, her' at last.; of the mistake she? had been '-labouring under. She felt inclined to think that both Eustace and Bcrtlia had been to blame in the matter— it would have been very much better if tilings had gone on as she had arrange 1 them. Now thoro would bo anythcr trousseau to prepare as she raid to Bertha. ButBortha, tlio future Countess, bccnnio im- | mediately iii Mrs. Ddtou'g 0'es a i very different person from Bertha . the teacher of music, tho iiidns- ! trious and compliant daughter ou whom she could cast the : chief burden of the household... Bertha had now suddenly hooom'o a per- 'son of- importance, aud, .notwith standing. 'her expressions' Of voxa- tio'ii that people Would persist in not seeing things iii tlio most sen sible light — that is, the light . iii which sho saw tlioin— she would i'aye; entered with effusion .into future prospects, had not Bertha stopped hor for Lena's sake. Lena was really .ill.,. When morning emno tho: doetor.jhad to bn summoned.; i Brain fever threatened, and the < utmost quiet was declared to he j necessary. So, instead of . wed- j ding . festivities, , there were n i hushed household rind grave and anxious faces. Lord Alpliington and Sir Ste phen and Lady Langloy delayed their' departure from town till Lena was pronounced out of dan ger. Every attention that kind ness and pity could suggest, were paid to., flip unfortunate: invalid. Perhaps to fall ill was the best thing that Lena could have done —it turned people's feelings of displeasure into commiseration. Bertha watched unremittingly by .her sister's .bed, comforted, however, Thy. the daily prcsoucc of her lover ; she would listen to no word of marriage until. Lena was safe, and Eustace, , respecting her i feelings, forebure to press for any decision as to time. ' ,''l)iinngi'tho'montli'thnt,,followed; the trial of Sedloy : and the two Ljiriqiits baine.on-T-fPr Mrs. Le- fi'aUh w»s ?p'eriuiinohtly injured, 'S- ' " - ' 1 ' It was a painful time. Eustace could not forget tho relationship, and visited his cousin several times in prison. Lord Alphing ton, too, hud to bear tho mortifi cation of having his name brought forward ; but justice had to take its course. Sedlcy was condemned to ponnl servitude for life. A sentence lie received with tho dogged sullen' liess ho had ovinccd over since his arrest. -Mrs. Lcmont, as having acted under her husband's direc tions, got off, but Pierro Li mout was .sentenced to penal servitude for seven years. Ho was loud ill expostulations and entreaties for mercy, seeming to have expected to escape punishment by a full confession. Ho had taken the opal ring from the box, he raid, in order to lmvo , some hold on Sedlcy, should lie attempt to cheat him out of the annuity ho had engaged to give - him ; and much Avould lie have revealed of Scd- lcy's former life if the court would have listened. Ho was led away, lamenting his hard fate, and as suring his sister that ho would not forget her when his seven years had expired. St. Lawrcnco sought an inter view, with Julio on her release iri.ni cusuiay, : in 'orucr ro nscor- tain in what way ho could soften the .bitterness of her fate., She had sinned iriu :h, but she hud also' suffered rhriuli, arid her siifr fcrings seemed to have brought hor to a better framo of mind. Sho.exprcssed a "wish to live in retirement in lior own- country. In order to enable her to do this, St. Lawrence, with Lord Alpliin- ton's appivibation, settled a : small' aiimiity upon 1 her, arid defrayed the expenso of . her passage .to thinhdh,' whither sho sailed soon after. the. trial.. . , ; Lena Dalton recovered slowly, but the/brightness of her beauty was dimmed. . . Her . ..fine colour iviis gbiic, hor.complexion had as sumed a tinge of sallowness, deep dark lines showed themselves under her eyes ; her hair had been put off, arid it was doubtful whe ther she 'would - be able" to crown herself with-. ' abundant glossy plaits any niore: . She moved about wan and spiritless, flic ghost of her .former self . . The doetpi-rccotriinended change 'ofcscene-iindTa Avuimor-" climate for the winter:' Mrs. Daltrm-wn's glad' to get' iiway from ' tho inqui ries and condolences. of her. I' dear friends,' A;/ Lit was .'agreed to shut up, Ivy Cottage, and .proceed to Italy, -talcing-' old Martha 1 with them. Bertha wished: to. accom pany them, not. believing, that Lena would recover strength and tranquility of. spirits if left alone with her mother, who wiis con tinually harrassiug hor with rp: grot , not to ray reproaches. '"Not only Eustace, however, but : Lord Alphington rind .the Langloy s, sot their" fabo3 strenuously" against tli s arrangement, and Bertha was obliged to yield. It so lmppened that tho daugh- ter of the curate of the next - pa-' rish to Alpliington was- seeking for soino occupation. Katb Med- way.wi's a great favourite w-fth Ladv Lmgloy, ; slui hud - often' wis: cd for tho girl, who was now fpu:'-a id-twenty, a more extended experience of the world ami an opportunity of , cultivating 'the taste for art . which she decidedly possessed.. A bright idea struck Lady Laugloy ; Kate Medhurst should accompany Mis. Dalton irid LenP to Borne. , She was not mly a thoroughly scnsiblo and | inteliigent, but a lively and oner- ! gotjp girl; who could not fail to oxeroise a hbneficial iufluenco over Lena, . This arrangement satisfied all parties. .Miss Medhurst was glad to .go, on condition of having her expenses paid and being treated as one .of tho family, and Mrs. Dalton was ; charmed with the idea of having some one who, like Bertlja, would take all tho trouble off hor luinds. " Bcrtlia Vrismarried the day before Mrs.'lDulton left England. At her particular dosiro tho wed ding wasa very .quiet one ; sho wished to have no grand prepara tions that would recall the past. I On their return to the house uftor the ceremony, Lord Alpliington placed tho opal riug on the finger of the bride. ' ' The prophecy lias come true.' he suid ; 'and never has the ring been worn by one more worthy to heoome Countoss of Alphington.' 'That will not. he for many, many.ycnrs yot, I trust,.' Bcrtlm returned, touching with her 'lips tho venerable hand that held hers.' ? 1 All in Heaven's good time, my love,' raid tho Earl. ' But, if , it 'be the will of Providence,! slinll bo glad to bo spared a while to witness the happiness of my children.' : Ho took Eustaco's hand, arid, joining it to Bertha's pressed them both within his own with a fervent blessing. Sir Stephen Langley cleared his throat, and for a minute appeared to haVe something in his eye. Ho .fell towards Bertha Fancourt as she was now to be called, very much as if sho had been a daughter of hjsowu. Mr. and Mrs. Funcou.i t, after a short tour, went to stay, at Alping- ton Park till after ' Christmas.; they then went northwards to another seat belonging , to the Eurl, but which was now to bo their'., own country home till the seasoir commenced, , by w;hieK time the liousoin Magnus Square was to bo ready for their recep tion. ..... . A'.-. Any orie wishing for admittance there would have met the faco of an old friend. Tho situation ox 'Onii'poricr dcoi)itiiii a ucuutj Perkins, at Mr. : Biggs's request, was promoted to the post. . It is perhaps, needless to say ho filled it with much,; self-sntisfaction. , He looked upon-. Biggs as a won derful maUj and held no grudge against him ; ;" but he received a lesson, and was careful in the fu ture how lip becariio' cprifidential over a glass.of :whiskoy. and.; wa ter. . 'AiA The Honourable Mr. and Mrs. Euncuurt liad npt yet fe'tiiriicd to to\yn wlion . news , arrived from Borne. Douglas had written warm congratulations, both to. Eustace arid Bertha, mid 'from subsequent '.letters lie gathered that lici had quite recovered his spirits. Now ho was going.to take them by ; surprise, lie said. He was about to bo married. Ho had first been attracted to Kate Medhurst from a fancied resemb lance to Bertha, hut soon learned to lovo lior for herself. Ho had been working steadily through tlio winter and making money, and the want of fdrtuno'with his bride would.be. no drawback, , she was worth' her weiohtin ffokl her- self, the enthusiastic bridegroom' elect; averred. Miss Medhurst would return to England with Mrs.. Dalton arid Lena in tho spring, arid ho would shortly fol low, .when" ho hoped a happy rcr . union waited them all. :' How glad I am !' Bertha . ex claimed. , ' I think ! it was the only thing Avunting to; inako riiy happiness complete.' , 'Howijealous I . was .once,' Eus tace said; kissing- his wife fondly; f when'; I was afraid tho .prophecy wouldn't come true !,:: But now. all lias turned out well, for Doug las has found 'tho : right ' woman, it seems, nnd m'y Bortha. wears, tlio opal ring.? : . ' the end. . : 