ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. - Doctors Pronouno:d Caso Hopoless. Held to be so by. Medical Men the World Over- A Prominent Sydney JI.L-A. bears Testimony. ? . . (From tho Australian IPbrfcmun.) '. Oua representative mado his way to tho I homo of Mr Thomas Jiirvie, 45 Crown- lano, Ultimo. Mr Jarvis is one of tho boet known residents of that thickly populated suburb. Ho w.as discovered nursing a baby, and bis face declared him to bo one of tho happiest men in Sydney. In reply, to tho preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my caso?. Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. The foots may. bo of valuo to those who are stricken as I was." ?'* How long were you suffflriugP." "About five-and-holf years ago I mot with an accident; I was badly scaldod whilo taking a bath in' Pitt-street, Sydnoy. From tho ante of tho accident my health began to fail, and after four ? years df gradual development of Locomotor Ataxia, ? fo „ rce< * to give up my billot at the Glebe Island." " What woro tho symptoms ?** ? " Simply indescribablo. Tlio pains wore something terrible. They woro.for all tho world liko as if a Baw were cutting my bone? in two in ovory part of mo. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and waa a nuisanco to mysolf and every one elso. I waa incos?antly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat not sleep. I saw a well known doctor, and lie told me that my case was utterly hopeless." " I came homo and wont to bed, and havo been in bod pretty well ever since. A few weeks 'ago I could not walk, across tho floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed; I felt then that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days when I would give up th?? ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all ho. could, by opium and morphia pills, to oaso tho agony I waa in. I was under him for five or six woeks. He came to the conclusion. that I was sufforing from Locomotor Ataxia, or Pro gressive Locomotor Ataxy, a disease of tho Bpinal cord, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordi nating voluntary movotnents. He told mo that I might last for 10 yoars, and. that I might never get tho use of my legs. 4 * (Juat thon tho patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man would grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea convoyod by tho adver tisement describing the cure effected in thocose of another boilermaker in England, which I read in tho Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peopio. I read in the advortisomont of a caBo which seemed, to lit my own. I de termined to givo Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. Tho effect was magical. I was able to eat and sloop as though nothing was the matter with mo. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many - a day. It was in credible- I immediately left tho bed and was able to move about. When taking tho fifth box, I was ablo to walk about with tho aid of stick and was gradually but surely recovering my former vigour and vitality. You SCO those crutches there ? . They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mo beforo I got tho Pills, but 1 waa too weak to uso thorn, and now I don't want them." Mrs Jarvis, who had corno in and taken the baby on her knees, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved his lifo and inado another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a short time back. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " bave a cold bath, and all tho feoling has como back in my logs. I expect shortly to re sumo work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in tho very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am bettor to-day than I havo boon at any time during the past five years..l ascribe all tho change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They havo saved my life. lamin no pain now what ever, and fool liko a now mau.' On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which tho doctor gavo mo to deouon the excruciating pain. But they can stay whoro they are, for I no longer neod them. Evorybody who knows mo has been amazed at tho change in me. They can hardly bclievo their eyos. My J>eipg about again has caused quite a sen sation out hero." 