; ' SNAP SHOTS. The people who are giving and taking odds about his Fatheadednens the Premier coming back Sir George are simply wasting their breath. As a matter of fact, Mr. Reid could have had a K.C.M.G. when Turner of Victoria was knighted. He was Bounded in the usual way, but shook his head They don't offer you a knighthood ; consequently -.«„ «or,'f rpfiisp. it. You are ' pumped,' as a rule, by the Governor. If you are willing, he recoro,, mends you to headquarters, and the thing's as good as done. If you shake your head, you save yourself a lot of trouble and expense. Our Premier had two good reasons for declining to have his name sent along to Chamberlain. In the first place, his pocket wouldn't stand the expense of keeping up a knighthood. He is a poor man. In the second place, he was afraid of being laughed at bv the public. George Reid in a Windsor uniform, or even in the less theatrical rig such as Sir George Dibbs sports occasionally, would indeed be a spec tacle for men and angels. Between ourselves and the Post Office clock, Mr. Beid has his eye on a P.O., and I shouldn't be in the least surprised if he comes back to us with his ?wit his pathos, his humour, his umbrella, and Bight Honourable stuck in front of his name. Dafrey was made a Privy Councillor without lifting a finger to secure the distinction. Reid will have to work for it. someone, atter me xasnion oi me eentleman at the public meeting who rises to move an amendment, may ask— What about the other Premiers ? Well, it is just possible that all will be knighted.' My tip is that the P.C. will be reserved for our Premier, as the representative of the Mother Colony. See ! Have you noticed those mysterious and clearly inspired paragraphs in the dailies :—' Mrs. Reid has not left for London' ; 'Mrs. Reid is still in Australia' ; ' We have been requested to state,' etc ? It is rumoured that a lady somewhat resem bling Mrs. Reid went to England a few weeks before the Premier started ' on the wing.' But that's an other story— as Rudyard Kipling would say. Talking about knighthoods. Sir George Dibbs tried to get out of the title by making it a condition of acceptance that her Majesty herself should per form the ceremony and pin the star on his coat. The Queen consented, and so the then Premier of New South Wales went up the hill one fine morning plain Mr. Dibbs and came down Sir George. The greatest act of Sir George's life, the only one dis playing bold statesmanship, was when lie ' D ? d Chicago.' This lifted him head and shoulders above all our Colonial politicians. The phrase will live, and Sir George with it will be remembered. .Beside ? it Washington's ' I cannot tell a He' is mere gin gerbread. Which reminds me of the old man who was giving the young man advice, ' Tell the truth — if you're a good hand at it.' This did not happen during the Cardinal's last visit to Bathurst : but it's history all the same. The Cardinal was staying at St. Stanislaus' College. Dr. Camid^e, the Anglican Bishop, called on his Emi nence 'and left his card— a simple little innocent thing in white, with the simple inscription, 'The Bishop of Bathurst.' Next day the Cardinal drove out with Bishop Byrne. Returning, his Eminence called at Dr. Camidge's. The Cardinal suggested to Dr. Byrne that he, too, might leave a card. ' I would be very pleased to do so, but, unfortunately, I have not a card with me.' The Cardinal, as he usually does, rose to the occasion. With something more than the suspicion of a smile, he drew from his soutane the card Dr. Camidge had left the previous day and handed it to Dr. Byrne. The two cards, ' Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney,' and 'the Bishop «f -Rnthnrat.' wfire presented, and the two prelates drove off. I can imagine Dr. Camidge's hearty laugh when he found his own episcopal pasteboard on the hall-stand. The incident was so thoroughly good- humoured that no one could take offence. Such exchanges of courtesy, with one card doing duty for two Bishops claiming the same title, were very little heard of in the apostolic times. Dr. O'Haran cannot beheld responsible for things that don't happen at the Grand Australian Fair. That concert, for instance, on the ' Guild Night.' I attended early, and remained till the watchman called ' Lights out.' As it doesn't always pay to stand on etiquette, I went out before the lights. But that's not the point. I went to hear the ' concert of sacred music.' No one sang and nobody played : this with apologies to some amateur bandsmen at the entrance who struggled half- through a weary waltz and then humanely gave up the ghost— that s to say, musically. Next day I read in one of , the dailies, with mingled feelings of astonishment . and admira tion, a detailed account of the concert.1! An extract by way of sample :— .'? Several of the members contributed' to a sacred concert, which was, judging from the hearty applause, evidently appre ciated. Mr. H.D. Williams was favourably received for his rendition of ' Nazareth' and 'The Holy City,' aR also was Mr. J. Schneider for his solos ? Calvary' and ' Ave Maria.' Mr. J. Humphries gained due recognition for his contribution, ' David Before Saul,' and Mr. R. Chinchem was very suc cessful in ' Ora Pro Nobis.' Miss Punch made an efficient accompanist.' ;l I remember a smart fellow, one Tennyson Smith, ?who got into trouble in the early days of -the Daily Telegraph. Smith was entered for two evening engagements, one to ' do' the Opera House, and the other a political meeting at Balmain. Reporters on daily papers are expected to do wonderful things. In the immortal phrase, ' a man can't be in two places at once— barring he's a bird;' 'but your daily reporter is sometimes saddled with as many as half a-dozen engagements. Well, poor Smith was kept at Balmain till half-past ten. - When he got back to town ? it was a miserably wet night — he bent his steps to the Opera House, and found the place shut. As a short opera was on 'the bill,' he took it for granted that the show had gone on all right, and that the management h&d; finiahedup as smartly as possible. The management really had 'finished up' smartly, for the company had been disbanded, mainly on account of the artists, in that absurd way of theirs, demanding their money when only three weeks' pay was owing. There wac no performance. Smith didn't know that. He trudged to his office, and after polishing off the political meeting, let him self go on the opera. It was a beautiful notice. Everybody was praised, and a long run was cheer fully predicted for the piece. Next day Smith was ' carpeted' before the editor. His explanation was ridiculed as 'weak and idiotic.' But he was let off with a caution. Since then, every daily in Sydney, even the Herald, has chronicled more than one concert and meeting which never came off. The reporters are not to blame, as in most cases they have too much to do. Willie Redmond, like the man in the burlesque, and in a fashion quite after his own heart, has cele brated his return to the House of Commons by get ting himself fired out. At this distance one cannot judge fairlv, but there does seem to be a flavour of 'playing to the gallery' in the expulsion of the two Redmonds. The cable simply tells us that — ' Mr. John Redmond, M.P. for Waterford (city), was named and suspended from sitting for refusing to obey the Chairman of Committees in Supply. Mr. John J. Clancy, M.P. for Dublin North, and Mr. William Redmond, M.P. for East Clare, were similarly dealt with. Mr. Clancy and Mr. William Redmond refused to withdraw from the House until they were escorted by the Sergeant-at-Arms.' But whatever the cause, the expulsion is but a Door imitation of the historic 'firing out' of Parnell and his party in February, 18S1. It was the hrst successful stonewalling by a small party. Parnell, with less than forty followers, paralyzed the House of Commons. English members, for the first time, experienced the delight of going home with the milk after an all-night sitting. One 'stonewall, organized and captained by Joe Biggar, lasted forty one hours. On February 2, 1881, Speaker Brand (father of the present Governor of New South Wales) intro duced the gag. Next day, February 3rd, Michael Davitt was arrested in Dublin, in virtue of the withdrawal of his nominal ticket-of-leave from penal servitude. No act so mean and contemptible was ever perpetrated ; and it can scarcely be wondered at that Parnell was hurried out of his habitual self possession on the news of the arrest, which was com municated to him by telegram in the House of Commons. Nor was his calmness likely to be re stored by what followed soon afterwards. An English member rose to ask if the news were true, merely to give Sir William Harcourt the opportu nity of making formal announcement of the fact ; and when Sir William answered 'Yes, sir, it is true,' a deafening chorus rose from the British benches on both sides of the House, and was not allowed to die away until the throats of the distinguished per formers were spent with the patriotic effort. A little later the Prime Minister rose to move some 'new rules' for the House which would enable him to push forward the Coercion Bill, already so much delayed. Parnell, hot with wrath at the despicable device under which his courageous Land League colleague had been kidnapped by the Government, moved that Gladstone should be no longer heard. Gladstone himself, but a few months previously, had made a precisely similar motion when Frank Hugh O'Donnell was speaking, and the Speaker entertained it without question. With glaring in consistency the same Speaker turned a deaf ear to Parnell's motion, and allowed Gladstone to pro ceed with his speech. Parnell, still wrathful, per sisted in doing what Gladstone had been allowed to do; with the result that the Speaker 'named' him, and so got him expelled from the House dur ing the remainder of the sitting. Thirty-five other Irish members shared his fate. They resented th Speaker's grossly unfair behaviour; and they were expelled, one by one, just as Parnell had been; Why even, the expulsion of the noble fourteen from our own House by Speaker Young— if my memorv serves me correctly— was more dramatic that the performance of the Redmond Brothers. Tom O'Mara, Tom Slattery, and Jim Toohey were in the free and flashing batch expelled on that memorable occasion. I quite forget what it was all about, but I know the fourteen, one after the other, defied the Speaker. Lawry Harnett, the Sergeant at-Arms, did the job most gracefully. Nearly all the expelled were personal friends of his, and it should go without saying, to borrow one of the stock expressions of the police, that 'no unneces sary violence was used.' The following evening O'Mara, Toohey, and Slattery attended a boxing entertainment at Larry Foley's hall in George street. The three Macquarie-street musketeers had quite an ovation. The proceedings at Foley's were calm and peaceful compared with the previous night's 'legislation' in the House. We have word by cable from England of the deaths of two more or less distinguished men well known in Australia as visiting stars— Billy Best, the organist, who 'opened' our Town Hall organ, and Charles Ryley (I suppose his name was Riley), the beauteous baritone of Williamson and Musgrove's comic opera company. In my next Snaps 1 shall have something to say about dear old Best. Ryley suits my purpose for the present. I remember seeing Ryley at the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, in '91. He was then fresh from London, and the whole city was raving about him— the women absurdly so. He wasn't much of a singer, and not out of the way handsome, but he had a nne stage appearance, acted gracefully, and danced excellently. The women talked, of nothing but Ryley (it was the same later on in Sydney); they bought up his photographs, sent him flowers and presents, and so forth. No Italian tenor was ever made so much of. The last remark is a peg on which to hang something about the beauty-man on the stage and the hero- worship by gushing girls. Scandals in connection with the stage are common enough, but those that get into the papers are nearly all of one kind. Judging from the evidence of the papers, to which it has often been said the historian must turn for the bulk of his information, one would suppose that the greater part of the folly committed in the name of love, and in connection with the stage, is perpetrated by men. This is an impression which 1 think it well to correct. Young ladies, and I use the term in- its best sense, allow their affections to lead them just as pretty a dance in connection with the stage as the gilded youth who run after ballet girls. ' Society » ladies are the Billiest in their adoration of the beauty-man. Notably so in Mel bourne. I had a chat with a well-known actor of large English and colonial experience not long ago. This was how he discoursed : — ' The beauty-man has a heavy delivery of let tero every day. His morning's post, if you happen to meet him at breakfast, is a curious one, consist ing of perfumed notes of all shapes and sizes.^ Those that are written in what seems to be a boy's hand experience has taugnt mm to open nrsi. nivy aic from the very young ladies, who have been edu cated in that styie at the up-to-date boarding school. All the letters, however, have their turn, because even the elderly ones, if one may say so, occasionally contain a wind fall of one kind or another. The majority of the letters are written in a strain of ' swooning ' admiration. Half of them are anonymous, and therefore are apt to exceed the bounds of maidenly discretion. A considerable number beg the favour of an acknowledgment of some kind from the writer's idol. A few, greatly daring, solicit ap pointments under more or less romantic circum stances. Sometimes, in the latter case, a photo graph is enclosed. Fortunately, the great bulk of actors' admirers do not write letters at all. They swell the receipts of the theatre by going to gaze upon their adored one as often as they can, and they fill their bedrooms with his photograph. Of these there is a large consumption, owing to their being so frequently kissed and bedewed with tears. A very acceptable present as between one young lady and another of this class is a photograph of some favourite actor. As part of his morning's post, I ought to have added the beauty-man often receives articles of jewellery— pins, sleeve- links, studs, rings, etc.— from his admirers. These mostly come, I believe, from the elderly ladies, who do not enclose their photographs. The pockets of the younger ladies seldom run to it.' ? - London, May 27. — The military tournament at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, yvas opened to-day by. the Prince of Wales. His Royal Highness was received by a Guard of Honour, which iricluded: detachments from the New South Wales Mounted Rifles and Lancers. The Prince of W ales and Field-Marshal Viscount Wolseley, the Commahder in- Chief, inspected the New South Wales troops. His Royal Highness afterwards closely questioned Captain A. J. Onslow Thompson, who was in com mand of the Mounted Rifles, regarding the strength of the regiment. He also highly commended the appearance of the men, whom he warmly welcomed to England. The St. James's Gazette says that ' any commander would be glad to lead the New South Wales Mounted Rifles in the field.' For all this let us be grateful. But may I be permitted to say that I fail to see any particular, point about his Royal Highness 'closely question ing' CaptainThompson as to the strength of the regi ment? It's about the first question any fool would ask. The St. James's Gazette, however, is right in saying that any officer would be glad to lead our men into the field. I should think he would. _ The men drilled by Colonel Lassetter are as well discip lined as any in the British Army, and they can ride and shoot to perfection They are a good average lot. The tallest man is 6 feet 3-J- inches high, and the next, who is one inch shorter, is a splendidly developed fellow, measuring 42 inches round the chest. All are as hard as nails, and carry not an ounce of superfluous flesh. They are nearly all young men. The theory about old soldiers being the best is plaved out. ' Old' men think, and men who think are no good nowadays as soldiers. Thus the magnificent Private Mulvaney (as chronicled by Rudyard Kipling) in ' The Taking of Lungtungpen ' : — ' Wid Bobs (Lord Roberts of Waterford) an' a few three-year-olds, I'd swape any army av the earth into a towel, an' throw it away aferwards. Faith, I'm not jokin' ! 'Tis the boys—the raw boys — that don't know what a bullet manes, and wudn't care av they did — that do the work. They're crammed wid bullmate till they fairly ramps wid goo4 livin' ; and thin av they don't fight, they blow each other's heads off. 'Tis the truth I'm tellin' you. ' ? Would fifty seasoned sodgers have taken Lungtungpen in the dark that way? No ! They'd know the risk av fever and chill. Let alone the shootin'. Two hundred might have done it. But the three- year-olds know little an' care less ; an' where there's no fear there's no danger. Catch thim young, feed thim high, an' by the honour av that great little man Bobs, behind a good officer 'tisn't only dacoits they'd smash wid their clothes off — 'tis Continental armies. They tuk Lungtungpen nakid ; an' they'd take St. Pethers burg in their drawers ! Begad, they would that !' The London correspondent of the Sydney Daily Telegraph is as cool as a cucumber, and an artist in scientific annexation. Under the heading 'From Our Special Correspondent' he sent about a column and a-half, headed 'On the Edge of the War.' Except a few lines of introduction, it was another man's description. To give him credit, however, the D. T. correspondent acknowledged his indebtedness. Of course everyone has heard the story of the Scotch editor who was stuck for a leader. He had been out '^spending the evening,' and when he turned up the foreman asked, 'What about the leader, sir ?' The editor was puzzled for a bit, and then said, ' Hand me the last copy of the Times.' He snicked out the leading article, and bad it set tip, adding only a footnote : ' With these opinions we cordially concur ' That's how they can manufacture leaders in Scotland Avhen they're pushed. Another editor in a similar fix also fell back on the Times, clipped n brilliant article, and. added, ' This is what the Times Bays. We leave' the Times to explain itself.' ? P. B. 