WINKLES. (By 'COOYAXi FOK THE '?SU20JA.Y TIRIES.') £_sj4jr$^Try~\ the poor little S V W' begrtrar was called \, i 'Winkles' none o£ B.«|/ / \ may have beon one um $\ of those chance ImMV / -%-?--/ termB applind to ? the boy by the wPvWS M \ t niners because of -v / / his habit of curl 'r=l§ I* 1 \ 'V n' himself up in GpkiJ corners oat of the ] -~'V\ joldandwet; and \- when one came npon him on tbeso occasions his head and heels were not far apart. I had taken no particular notice of Winkles — no more than of tho other ragged yoang scarhps who infested the township and paid nocturnal visits to slnice-boxes — until I took charge of the Big Extended Sluicing Claims of.nights. I had nothing to do with the working, though gangs of men manned throe or four sets of boxes every night. t,o run through tho drift, and so leave the 'wash' stripped for tho day men. The night-shift left work at 3 a.m., and ray duties ended at 7, when the day shift came on. I bad plenty to do, for there wero ilood races and trail-races, and a water-wheel a nd pnmp, which required a deal of attention. The big i tail-race was not deep enough to drain the dip3 where the best gold was— hence the pump aud the importance of keeping the water down. Nono of the other chaps liked the job— it was too lively, they said. But I' didn't mind that a bit ; besides, I .was a deputy, aud I was preferred for the job on that account. . Ono night I found Wjnkles curled up in the shed over tho wheel and pnmp; and when I went up to him and touched the strang'6 littlo bundle of rags with my heavy boots, his two bright little eyes shone like diamonds. ' Who are you? — what do you do herep*' I asked. ' I ain't doin' nothin',' he whimpered. w Why aren't you at homo and.abedf' ' Ain't got none.' , 1 ' What's your name, eh ?' ' Winkles.1' ' That's a queer name, anyhow. Who gave it youp^aud who's yonr father and mother ?' ' Dun'no.'' Here was a character, evidently, and I felt amused, if not particularly interested in the boy. ' Well, Winkles, I'm going to haTa a snack. Will you have some P' The h°y eyed mo wistfully as I unpacked my basket and took tho lid off my billy, so that tho hot steam from the boiling tea issned forth and gave off the fragrance of the soothing herb; bnt he said nothing. ' Now then, sit here on this bucket,, and. tuck in.' He did so, looking at m^ all tjio while slyly, as if he feared I had no real good intention towards him. After his repast he curled np in the corner again, and when I came back from my rounds of inspection ho was fast asleep. After that night Winkles became my con stant companion, and when ' Mad Diok ' was told off to assist me during some bad weather — when 6udden rises in tho river were immi nent — the boy still retained his corner. Dick took to him amazingly ; they were chummy from the start. ' Gad, boss, I like that kid betfeer'n horse or, dog,'' he said. . ? Diok was very fond of horses ; ho was a splendid rider — and not a native either. He bailed from far away Devon, and had the peculiarities of most West uountrymen. He had beon in tlie police force, he told us ; but having got into trouble about a certain hush ranger had been dismissed. Dick and I had put in many a night together at the boxes, when our beards had been frozen stiff, and during the short spell for ' smoke O !' the handles of our shovels would bo covered with white frost. 'We had our meals together at the sarno board ing house ; and as Diok was not in affluent circumstances, I offered him the spare bunk in my humpy. Thus, when the shareholders put him on the long night-shift with me, we were hut mates. He' was a wild fellow, was Dick Ennison, g,nda . demon to ' blow.' His exploit? were wonder-: f ul, and his language bothtforcible and unique. He was a good-hearted fellow, however, and as sympathetic and as tender as a woman. He d fight at a minute's notice, descend an old Bhaft to rescue man or beast, or jump into a water hole for theisame purpose with equal prompti tude. Like most men of his temperament he was fond' of company and abhored solitude. Thus it was ho said to mo one night; 'Paul, old man, I wondjer you can stand this sort of thing ; a month of it would kill me.' Ai)d only for the boy he would havo chucked np the job, for I confess I hadn t much taste for Dick's oternal yarns, and his evor-.wagcinnr ? tongue gave mo no peace. But unless Dick could talk he went to sleep ; and I often went the rounds by myself rather than awaken bim.f When I'd return Winkles would be curled under Dick's jacket ; and though the man slept, tho boy's bright eyes would, glisten 'in tho'dim candle light, thus showing that he at least could be watchful. ' But Dick was a splendid fellow when there was anything to do ; when the olay dams broke away from tho pressure of a freshet, or the Chinamen abo/vo us cut off our supply- — and then there would be ructions, for Dick ? always struck first and considered afterwards. Coming along towards Christmas, we had 'a succession of heavy thunderstorms, and tho river rose slowly every day. It -was also cold - fop the time of year, and the water was chilly indeed. * One night I was off duty, at a dance, I believe, and Dick undertook to look after the water aud pump without assistance. Unfor tunately he went to sleep and during his slumbers a considerable rise took place in the main flood race. More water than was neces sary ran intp the wheel race, and sent the wheel spinning round at terrific speed. It smashed some of the buckets, ? injured the pump belt, and then the flumes overflowed and pretty well filled our little crib around the pump hole. Dick was a heavy sleeper, and the damage was done before Winkles could awaken him— and then they were nearly drowned. There was a deuce of a row over it, but Dick kept his billet— though thp boy showed symptoms of a very severe-cold, which, however, appeared to pass off. I was surprised at the littlo chap sticking to us, for I gave him no encouragement, believing him to be no better than, the general, run of boys in the township, and they were, I'm sorry to say, none too honest, as- claim holders knew. Bat whether Dick wsvs on at night or not, Winkles still stuck- to his -post. Being of a reserved disposition, I talked very littlo to~ the boy, and XI fancy he feared me. Not so Dick, who was always lively, and talked and joked with the little outcast until he went to sleop. What Winkles did in the daytime never troubled me, though I suspected' Dick of treating him to ginger beer, lollies, cakes; -Ssc. As I have said, Diok was not financially strong ; he was not fond of drink, but, being free- handed, his wages seldom lasted the w'eoV, So that Winkles. still retained his rags. One night Dick brought me some hot pies and a can of coffee, the pies having been won from' Old Bob tbe pieman, in tossing. After a 'snack and a drink' of coffee I went-np tc the slnice gate to see how tho water was running, leaving Dicli; and Winkles to finish the feast. ' What d'ye think the little beggar says?' says Dick, when I returned. ' Why, he -says ho knows where tbe best patch in the river is, ^ and he's made application for it ; but ho won't tell me where it is. . . What say, Winkles, shall we make a deal?' The boy's eyes sparkled, but his only reply was a sort of growl, like some untamed animal. That night ho slept quite soundly, and I . held my lamp over his face, which, for a wonder, was clean, and I was surprised to find it so prepossessing. It waB a pretty, childish face, dark as a gipsy's, the lips rosy red, and the dark, brown curls which fell over his fore head wero soft as silk, Ho was a little mite of a chap, and not more, I should say, 'than nine, years old. Then I began to speculate as to who he was, where born, and his parentage? I bad been knocking about tho river five or six years, and residing mostly in the towhship, but had never noticed the little fellow until the night he came down to my , orib. Dick was alB'o quite a new-comer, though from something he let drop one night ho bad been in the town ship some years before ; in what capacity, of oourse, I did not know, and at tho timo I did not think it strange that he, so generally ; communicative, did not tell me. It wanted Just a week to Christmas— 4t was on a Sunday night, and, of coarse, the hands did not come on until midnight—rthongh it . ? made no difference to me. Quite a change had taken place in the . .weather, and the day had been quite warm and sultry — more like Summer than it had been. Flashes of lightning had at intervals lit up the workings before tho men came, and it looked so threatening that the boss of the night shift hesitated for some time whether he should start ; but as the men were on the spot they growled at the idea of losing the time, and so a start was mado. Thunderstorms were common enough in those days, but that night beat all. Flash succeeded flash kq rapidly that they merged into one huge glare, no part of the sky being in darkness, and it can be roadily understood that the men's bright shovels and pickB, and shining forks, were alarmingly attractive — so much so that work could not procecd, for the chaps were almost blinded. They kopt on, however, until a few big splashes of rain fell, and then 'Uncle Joe,' as the boss was called, roared out : ' Sling it, boys. Got your tools np on the bank, and some of you shift the boxes.'' They set about the order instanter, while.' .Too scraped the drift at tho top of the ripples into his pan. In afew minntesall was commo tion, and the voices of thirty or, forty men were soon hoard ' Ye-ho-ing ' above tho roar of the thunder. I was busy also, assisted by two or three men, securing the wheel and pump and shifting movables ; and for the time being I forgot all about Winkles. On tho bank was a large shed, whore we kept the tools. Into . this we skurried, every man carrying something, while others were still in the river endeavoring to drag tbe hose boxes out of the clay dam ; and beforo they could get them adrift they were up to their waists in water — so rapidly did tho river rise. It was when all hands were inside and heads wero being cohnted that I thought of Winkles ; and quite alarmed, I made enquiry about him, but no ono had seen him — in fact, but few of tho men knew who I meant. I went to the door and cooeed ; but there was no response. The wafer now covored both wheel and. pump, and I feared for my poor little^mate. I didn't know which way to go, np or down stream, when one of the men sang out : 'I see something moving near the cross ing.' Ordinarily the rivor bed was dry, the water being diverted into side races, and this 'crossing' was practically tho main road to Chinaman's Point, on the other side of the river. I ran along the bank, and the lightning's flash enabled me to see distinctly.^ There was poor Winkles. sure enough buffeting with the seething waters. , I ran into the stream, breast high, and grabbled him. He must have beeu off his feet, probably trying to swim. The water was icy cold, and'I felt chilled to the bone, while poor Winkles looked as if about to give up the ghost. I hurried along tho main street, which was knee deep iu wat«r, with my light burden on my shouldors. Most, of the houses were open, and tho inmates baleing water. Thp|Crown, the pub kept by my principal, was also open, and Mr. ? ? standing at tho door. Ho askod me in, and poured o,ut a stiffeuer of good brandy, which I drank, and then ho, made a warm drink for the boy,' who feebly opened his eyes, blinkdd at tho lamp-lights, and again laid his head on my shoulder. Dick had slept through all the storm, apd was in a'great way whonT tyoke him to find us both dripping wet. Ho soon made a firo and stripped the boy, and them tumbled him into his own warm bed, 'while I followed suit. Pobif Winkles ! That soaking did for him. At any rate, iu the morning he was in a raging fever, and we* took him to the small hospital oh the hillV'ivoripolriDg the spot where I found him. ' 'it^wW jU^t oh'tsido tho boundary of the Big Extended — a pieoo of sparo ground \^hich'no one had thought to take up, because it was a sort' of public thoroughfare.^ but which Winkles had applied for as a mining lease— and the foolish little fellow had actually run off to see that his pegs and notioes'were firmly fh?ed when the watei-came down and caught him. Asked why he had applied for the ground, he said he had dreamt tbat be bad washed out a whole panful of gold, and lie felt quite sure that it was thero. I am no ..great believer in dreams, thpugb they often come true, as did Winkle's, though he, poor child, never realised it. ' After a storm comes a calm,*' and so it was w'ith us, for a few fine, days followed, though anything but the ..usual Christmas weather, with the thermometer standing at 120° in the shade and as much as 152'' in the sun. And yet, in such beat as tl is, men would work like -^horseS, drink water, and sometimes beer, by tho bucket, and perspire until they could, so to speak, wring them- . selves out. ?« It was a changeable week ; the weather had majjy moods, apd tbe temperature varied from 26° to considerably over 100°. No work was done, for being so near Christmas it was not thought worth while to clear out the race and repair damages. Both Dick a.nd I looked after the bOy, though my chum did the moat of it, for he rarely left thei hospital, except to-' get his meals -.-and to sleep., One niglit I returned from a ride I had taken to look at some shallow ground away back in the ranges. The day had been ? fine, but a heavy storm had eome on after sundown, and I was in it all the time. I was wet to the skin, but the prospect of a good fire and a cup of hot eoffee cheered me as I picked ray way home up the muddy street sometime after midnight, after putting my , p(rad ..into the Crown stables. vMy' hot waa on a spar6 allotment in tho town, a little off the main street— and a very comfortable one; too, being; built. of good-sized gibbers, roofed with stringy bark, lined with esli-ao, a;-.d floored with . slabs of slatey rock. Dick, of coprse, would be abed, though he might have a fii;a burning; I hoped so, any way'. ? True enough, .there was a fire, though what surprised me upon entering was tl,ie strange garments hanging on a line suspended in front of the fireplace. They were a woman's —the whole paraphernalia complete, and no doubt thero wa^. a woman- as welL If so, whore was she ? In my buuk, and fast asleep. Was I shocked? 'Well, yes, a trifle; though surprised would be the better word — surprised that Dick should have taken the liberty to appropriate my bunk. Dicir was also asleep, and snoring. I did not light a candle, but poked np the fira,:.and sat by it for warmth — for I, too, was wet, and neoded drying, I found some- hot-.toa in the billy, and it was very acceptable. 1 1 sat sipping the tea, and considering the novelty of the situation, when Dick jumped out. of bed and whispered : ' Don't make a.-noise. Lot hor sleep. You may blamq mo, but I'll explain later on. can't turn her out now. Will you go to H ? *s and get'a.bed, and Til pay for it.'' I was a bit grumpy, and told him that it was against regulations. We were in the town, and boarded at a respectable woman's house. But, to prevent any bother, I decided to do as he suggested. I accordingly tied up a change of clothing in a bundle, and knocked up H ? , who thought my coming rthere at that hourl-strange, for he knew I had 'good quarters of my own. He asked no ques; tions, however, and I kept my own counsol. Next morning I'; mot Dick at the hospital, and this was the tale he told : — ? 'I was here until past 11, and found the. blind creek below there running a bankor, and while considering;'how to get across I saw a woman holding oa. to one of tho piles of the old bridge (whic'hjhad been washed away). I didn't know who she was, but waded in, and, after somo buffetting, reached her. By cripes ! I was staggered when I got her down town under Iiyan's lamp — for sho wan an old fiainp ° of mine — -knew her'yoars ago. The poordevil,' being wot through,. and all the houses iu town closed — and even if.'they hadn't beon I couldn't have taken her iutowiyone of them— I thought I'd take her up to the camp, never dreaming that you'd return iu such weather.' ' Well, how is she this morning — any tho worse for her dueking?' ' Npt much ; but; she's bad, anyhow — poor and miserable — balf-istarved, I do believe. . . Look horo, Paul ; I know it's not right to 'compromise you, andl'm awfully sorry to put ?you out; but let her stay, and, s'elp me, old man, I'll pay any expense you're put to at H ? 's.' 'I suppose I must accept the inevitable, It's uupleasant, though, for people will talk, you know, and we're rather a toney crowd in town.' ' I know ; but tliis woman's more to mo than you can imagine; and I'm not very flush.' 'I.know, Dick, though don't. let that worry you ; but let us ha.ve;no scandal.' I felt for Dick, -and thought, provided the woman was not altogether- bad (as such women on thegoldfieldstoo'irequenly wore) sho would prove a godsend to 'him. It would rest with me in a groat measure to tide the matter over byconeoeting some plausiblo lie. Anyhow, I took np my quarters at tlie Cro,v»n, aud left Dick and his newly-found 'friend' in peace able possession of my hut. It was on Christmas morning that we—. Dick, his ' friend,' and I, and the nurso — stood around the bed of the dying boy. The doctor had just gone to attend to other patients, and he had given no words of hope. ' Winkle's eyes wore still bright, but bis dark brown curly locks were gon:e, and the fever had paled i his almost olivo brovm cheeks. Poor- littlo chap ! it. was pitiable to see him suffer so cruelly, -^'or the doctor said he suffered from internal injuries as well as from fever. The woman sobbed as the boy attempted to speak, and when she removed' the handkerchief from her fao.o ' I was sur prised at her beauty. There was something else, too — what w&a; it that made mo look again and again from her to the boy, and from the boy to her. Sureljvuever were two faces so much alike unless the same blood flowed^ in their veins. She had been nursing the child for two days, Diok told' me, and he could hardly get her away. The boy was sinking* fast, and he had some thiug to tell. Who was the mossage for, Dick or the woman — or all oZ us? Dick. asked him, and he motioned all to stay. It was vory brief, very simple : . 'The gold,' he whispered, 'is there; fifty yards — no more. I see it — plenty times. Too much, water — when — P 'see. You — you, Diok — father, got lease. All belong you — an'-you, (looking at the woman^who was now orying bitterly), mother.' Thp woman fell on; her knees by the bedside, aud clasped thef little brown hand — so like her own in shape .and color ; and then sho smothered it in} kisses. 'Father — Dick.!' ho .^whispered. ^ 'What ia it, son ?'asked Diok, the tears rolling down his cheeks-' ; . . ' Kiss mo — mother, t-?o !' ' . ... Thero was silonce for awhile— only for the , woman's sobs. Then-cstme; ' Boss — good-bye !' I leaned over and kissed him.' Tho poor boy shuddereii, then ho brightened up a bit, put his Jittlo lands out and clasped Dick's and tho woman's.. ? Their heads were all ctoso together, and tho sun shono throagh the green Vonetians, and a ray of mellow light oueiwathed tho heads of woman and child. It was a picture — a sad ono, but a beautiful one,, (for both were fair to look upon — mother and^child, as no doubt they wore, brought together by some mystorious agency, to: part again so soon in death. Again the dying boy- wihispered in a dreamy, satisfied way: ' Father ! Mother I' and' Winkle's soul drifted upwards. ? I stood looking on at the Bad scene ; at theso two erring ones', meseting only to lose tbe one being that linked them to each other. I respected*their grief, rnucji as I deplored the wi*y they had neglected itheir child. But the sad history of it- is thoii: own, and 1 may not tell it.- j Diok rose from his kneeling position an$ drew the woman up also. . ' Paul, this is my wifo-'tbere lies onr child — dead. I never knew it until she saw him here, and yet he was lwko her. Paul, old mas}, juwdge not too severe'jy.' ' What else could I do ? ' If .tho woman was hiswife, what right had'^.I to upbraid him? The child lying there wasf -herB — of that thero could be no doubtr— and Diick believed what she told him, which, as. lie-- subsequently told mp, fully established his.pa&oriiity.;' It seems that as soon as j'ho- discovered this .he took the woman to the jparspn's house on the hill and married her, thlus making restitu tion for the past, though '.how their obild' came to deserted and allowed to grow up like anothdr pariah I neTser know, though I could not believe ittwas Dick's fault. It was^ enough for me to know tSat the woman — ' Emily was her name — madeiDick a good wifo, and that, barring- the loss of Winkles, he was a happy man. He secured the lease, and worked it for some considorablo timo, finstlly soiling out for a good round sum, with which he purchased livery stables nnd mewsin a (distant town, and did a vory good, business. It is only fair to Diok to--say that be askod , me to stand in with hirii iu 'Winkle's Legacy;' as he called the claim, and though ' Mrs. Dick' joiaed him in begging me to accept,1 I declined tho offervas I had already made arrangements to leave for a distant, field. I passod through tba old township some years ago, and stopped to have a look at tho ' Legacy,' which was still yielding a little gold to ^ome Chinamen. Getting into a yarn _ with ono of them, he surprised me by naming the poor boy who had gone to rest years before. And pointing to the churchyard in view from whore we stood, ho said: 'Him dead — ho bury up tuero (pointing to tho white headstones.) He find urn plenty gold' heah. Ho then die ; he only little boy — him name Winkles.'' — Cooyal. The b#y eyed me, but snid nothing. The water was Icy cold. The Doctor had givtm no word of nope. 