At West Australian. VIGILANS ET AUDAX. PERTH, SATURDAY, OCT. 16, 1897. The early part of next week should in the ordinary course of events, witness the arrival at Albany of Mr. Stoddart's team of English cricketers. Though they are making a call at one of our ports, the eleven will leave Western Australia behind a few hours later. That their second visit to us upon their return journey may be of longer duration is the sincere wish of all who are interested in the welfare of Western cricket. The members of the team themselves, until within a fortnight ago, were under the impression that the earliest matches of their tour were to be played in the Western colony. Letters received from them but a week or two lines referred to the interest with, which they were looking forward to a visit to what at present is one of the most interesting portions of Greater Britain. Unfortunately for us their own inclination in the matter has not been considered. The destiny which shapes their ends, in the form of Major Wardill, has decreed that their career of fortune shall not begin on West Australian soil. That the cricketing Cinderella of the colonies will be altogether slighted, there is no certain ground of fear. If she is not to be the team's first love she will doubtless have her innings when the cn arms of her more pushing sisters have become exhausted. Given the desire, admitted by themselves, or Stoddart's team to play cricket in this colony it will possibly be the result of bad campaigning upon our part if their wishes are not fulfilled. The chance of witnessing the performances of so brilliant a constellation of cricketers is too good to be lost. By hook or by crook we should seek to obtain so desirable an end. The means by which we may secure our object are various. One is through the regular medium of the Melbourne and Sydney cricketing authorities. Up to the present time negotations in this direction have not met with any great measure of success. The West Australian Association's offer to Major Wardill was a guarantee of £800, and an additional half of the receipts should that amount be exceeded. This would not appear to be an ungenerous offer, but the Victorian Oliver Twist asks for more. Doubtless there are ways by which this guarantee might be increased. In view of the popularity of the visiting team and the immense "draw' which it would prove our Association would not incur much risk by listening to the demands of the other colonies and increasing the sun sidy somewhat Nevertheless the Melbourne authorities should be alive to the fact that by asking too much from us they may lose all. he is nil though the English team are by their con tracts already arranged, there is a limit to the time during which they are not their own masters, and the amateur portion of the eleven being anxious to see this colony, Bullaren inducement could a < doubt be offered to ensure also a visit from the pro- fessional element of the term. It is rumoured in more than a whis >er that the heavy expenses caused by the erection of new buildings on the Melbourne ground is responsible for the large demands made on us by Major Wardill. That trouble, however, is of Victorian and not of English or West Australian concern. And while our desire is to secure the services of Stoddart's team through the Australian authorities if possible, the latter must pardon us if we try other expedient- in the event of our first negotiations failing. the step decided upon by the West Australian Association on Thursday evening last is certainly a move in the right direction two emissaries, members of the committee, proceed on Tuesday next to interview Mr. Stoddart upon his arrival at Albany. Even were the English captain not already on our side, our representatives should experience but little difficulty in persuading him that a visit of his team to Perth should result in no loss and probably much pleasure to its members, will prove a source of great satisfaction to us, and be con- ducive to the best interests of cricket generally, the members of the committee should also be able to dispel the ghost of typhoid i, which, it is said, has been set up with other scarecrows to prevent the eleven from making:; a prolonged stay in Western Australia. They will be able to assure Mr. Stoddart that his eleven need not be decimated by sickness. They will, moreover, be able to say with truth that the Perth Oval is one of the finest playing grounds in Australia. The former statement can be borne out by medical statistics and the latter assertion is one which Mr. F. Grey Smith the president of the Melbourne Cricket Club made himself a few days ago, and will doubtless be willing to repeat. In these circumstances, it will be as surprising as it will be disappointing if the English eleven do not make up their minds that their tour will be incomplete unless it concludes with a West Australian trip. Should the delegates from our Association he successful in their interview, there will be no reason to regret that the team did not visit our shores at the beginning instead of at the end of the sea son. "For climatic reasons March will suit us much better than October. Moreover, our grounds will have greatly improved during the interval and our cricketers will have time to get into their best form. Our summer pastime has but begun while the Englishmen have only just finished their season. It is probable, also, that with the march of Mr. Stoddart's team, whether it be an all- victorious one or not, the interest in their doings will have increased to a high pitch. Satis- factory attendances, and consequently good takings at our gates, may therefore be anticipated with more certainty than would be the case were the English eleven to come at once to Perth. The result of the negotiations which the West Australian delegates are empowered to enter into will be watched with great interest. Doubt- less they can and will use forcible arguments towards a decision which all lovers of cricket in our colony trust will be a favourable one. The presence of many of the English players' friends in Perth, the attraction of the Coolgardie, and the growing fame of the Colony generally will prove additional weighty points in what is already a very strong case. 