fcR®yRE iiir1; - 1 LITERARY GOSSIP. Messrs. Angus and Robertson contemplate the publication of a volume of the old Bush and Camp Fire Songs of Australia, to be edited by Mr. A. B. Paterson ("The Banjo"), author of "The Man From Snowy- River." In this work, which may justly be called a national undertaking, the pub lishers rely on the co-operation of every Australian. Those having words, or even fragments, of bush and camp fire songs are requested to send them, with the music or air when possible, to Messrs. Angus and Robertson, 89 Castlcreagh-street, Sydney, who will duly acknowledge the receipt of same. From Messrs. Melville, Mullen and Slade's circular we learn that Dr. Charles Ryan's "Under the Red Crescent" will not be pub lished until September or October. The following is an extract from a letter to him by hiB publisher, Mr. Murray: — "The proof sheets have now been corrected by Mr. Ar chibald Forbes, and I have gone over the whole carefully, and the book is. now nearly ready to go to >ress. I cannot tell you what a pleasure and interest it has been to me to work on this most attractive narrative. The Jubilee has so crippled the book trade for this season that we propose to delay the publication till the autumn, when the work will have a much better chance of suc cess." Mr. C.A.Cooper, late editor of the "Scots man." and author of "An Editor's Retro spect," lately published and favorably re ceived by the public, has since been travel ling throughout the Australasian colonies and New Zealand. It is understood that his reminiscences of travel will appear m hook form in due course. He is said to have been much impressed by what he saw in the colo nies. So extraordinary were the occasional in equalities in Mrs. Oliphant's work— just compare "Lucy Crofton with "The Ladies Lindores" — that one of her devoted ad mirers. who, like Kinglake, felt that life was happier when one of her novels had ' appeared, once asked Mr. Blackwood at j Strathtyrum whether he had ever suspected | Mrs. Oliphant of employing a ghost. Y'es," was the unexpected reply of that most acute i of born critics, "but the suspicion was un- I founded. The hills and plains are all in | lier mind." There were hills and plainB. but tbe bills reached to a wonderful height. Mr. Christie Murray's articles on his con temporaries in fiction, written with the object of aiding tbe average reader in tbe formation of just opinions of present day authors, will be published in book form by Messrs. Chatto and Windus. When the cri ticisms were appearing in a weekly paper Mr. Murray received several letters from persons of whom he hadiTlTfl ably spoken. One was from a or; fiction whoin the world holds in who pleaded that authorship To allowed the distinction of exemption fJ rank and title! Among the manv conto? pornnra Mr. Murray writes about are at kens, Stevenson, Meredith, Hardv, Caiw SatiSr- .Sir Herbert Maxwell, in "Blackwood" g'vf3 an account of the heroic proAiS. D Artagnan, who was the model from Dumas drew his Gascon hero. He was i5 reality a well born but poor liearnaU wi! took service m the Mousquetaires, mainly by plundering his endless mi«tr»«, and was, in fact, not to put too fine's tS on it, according to modern ideas, a scour, drei. He was, however, unusuallv brave He refused to plunder Ins men, is raaneJ officers did. He rose to the command of thi Mousquetaires, and would have been mart, a marshal of France, but that on 24th Jun. 1673, he was. killed before Mnestricht wh & gallantly resisting a sortie of the Dutch in which 95 of his men died fighting around him. u" Father Gerard's theory of the Gunpowder Plot, as set forth in his recently published book, is demolished once and for all bv T)V Gardiner. According to the Jesuit -iriest the Gunpowder Plot was not the work of Romanists, few or many. He holds that it was a Protestant dodge got up to scare the Governments that it was mainlr planned bv the Earl of Salisbury, in his selfish ambition for power. Father Gerard maintains that the Government knew all about the plot long before Guy Fawkes was caught "There are," he writes, "grave reasons V the conclusion that the whole transaction was dexterously contrived for the purpose which, in fact, it opportunely served bv those who alone reaped benefit from it.'anii who showed themselves so unscrupulous in the manner of reaping." Pulverising is a mild word for Dr. Gardiner's not unkindlv demolition of Father Gerard's conclusions and exposure of his unhistorical method' "Absolutely worthless,'.' is Dr. Gardiner's verdict on Father Gerard's evidence from contemporary and later opinion. In truth Robert Cecil, who, in May, 1605, be! came Earl of Salisbury, had' no occasion whatever to plot for place and power. He possessed them already. We have no space to detail Dr. Gardiner's reason for believ ing that Cecil knew nothing of the plot be fore the receipt of the mysterious warning letter addressed to Lord Monteagle. The whole conduct of the trial "of Guv Fawkes is just what one would expect from com missioners as much in the dark as any of King James's subjects. The ignorance of the Government.may. seem strange. Hut to quote our author, "It was not the first or the last time that Governments, keeping a watchful eye on the ends of the earth, have been in complete ignorance of what was passing under their noses." Father Gerard makes a difficulty about the quantity of powder stowed away. But the difficulty i« of his own making. ' .The real weight (100 lb.) of a barrel of - powder was only a quar ter of what he believes it to have been. The traditional story of the mine and the cellar is strengthened not only by Dr. Gardiner's documentary evidence, but also by the curi ous and interesting structural drawings and plans printed in this volume. 