ASTOUNDING LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA CURE. DOCTORS PRONOUNCED CASE HOP* LESS HELD TO BB SO BY MEDICAL MEN THE WORLD OVER. A PROMINENT SYDNEY M LA. BEARS TESTIMONY. (From the Australian Workman ) OUR representative made his way to the home of Mr, Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Mr. Jarvis is one of the best-known residents of that thickly-populated enbnrb. He was discovered nursing a baby, and bis faca declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. In reply to tbe preliminary ques- tions, be said :-" You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tall you., The facts may be of value to those who ara stricken as I was." " How long wera you suffering f ,! About five and a half years ago I met with an accident; I WES badly scalded wbila taking a bath in Pitb street, Sydney. From the date of the accident my health began to fail, and aft6r four years' of gradual develop- ment of locomotor ataxia I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms T' "Simply indescribable. The pains wero something terrible. They were for all the world like as if a Baw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and WSB a nuisance to myself acid everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my caso was utterly hopeless. " I came home and went to bed¡ and have been in bed pretty well ever since. A few weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bsd. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques- tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all ha could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I waa under him for five or lix weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive JLocomotor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my lego." (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible ) " Well, jost as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertise meat describing the cure effected in the case of another boilermaker in Enghnd, which I read in the Auslra lian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fib my own. I determined to give Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial any- way, and sent for a box. The effect was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It waa the first appetite and reat I had for many a day. It waa incredible. I immedi diabely left the bed and was able to move about. When taking the fifth box, I was able to walk about with tho aid of a stick, and was gradually bub surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used. them. They were made for ma before I got the Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them." Mrs. Jarvis, who bad come in and taken tbe baby on her knee?, said Dr. Williams' Pink Pilla saved his lifo and modo another man of him. A friend who called in at thia point said thab Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a short time back. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all tba feeliog has come back in.my lega. I expect shortly bo resume work as a boiler- maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work ab that trade. I am better to day than I have bean at any time during the pasb five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to theso Pink Pills. They have saved my life I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantel- piece there ia a box of Opium and Morphia Pills which the doctor gave me bo deaden tho excruciating pain. Bab they can stay whero they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me bas been amazed ab the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." WHAT MR. LABOR LEADER M «GOWEN KNOWS. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, M.P., leader of the Labor party in tba N. S. W. Assembly, was also eeen in connection with the remarkable case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis. He says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that be had to give up his work at Gleba Island abattoirs owing to a malady which he developed. He after wards beard that Jarvis was bed- ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pro- nounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen waB, therefore, like everyone el3e who knew tho fact?, astounded at the com- pleto recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People do not stop short ab the cure of locomotor ataxia, Tbey positively eura rheumatism, sciatica, lumbago, acd neuralgia, and influenza's evil after effects, and are a specific for all diseases of women, such as aDscmia, poor and watery blood, female irregu laribiep, nervous headache, and hys- teria. They aro not a purgative medicine, but braca up and perma- nently strengthen the whole system. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid), on receipb of stamps or post order, 1 box for 2s. Oj. or half- ' dozen for 15s. 3d. 1 