A miracle In Sydney. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORK OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIA MENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE UY THE FIRST PHYSI CIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. . A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the ' Australian WorkmaD.') Ou Thursday afternoon, our representative mftde his way to I he humble home of -Mr. Thomas Jams, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He whs discovered nuning a. two year- old buby, and his face declared him to be one of tbe happiest men iu Sydoey. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that uu was an invalid ou ibe rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he Slid : ' You want to know all about my case? Wall, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as Iw»s.' ' How long were you suffering ' ' Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, aud after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms?' ' Simply indescribable. The paiuE were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself an 1 everyone else. I was incessantly shivring and shaking, and cDuld neither tat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' 'Did you make use of the order ?' 'No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever eioce. Five weeks »go I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, aud did all he could, by opium aud morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was ouffering from Locomotor ataxia, ot progres sive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never gel the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-nnker in England, whioh I read io the 'Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case whicb seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink fills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and re-st I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left tbe bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Piuk Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a ntick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my' former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches thee? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got tbe Piuk Pills, but I was too wpak to use mem, ana now j. aon t wane mem. Ait j. want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.' ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken 'he baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have saved bis life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than be did a fortnight previously. ' I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bitVi, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep ou going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler- maker, and you know I have to be in tbe very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the chunge and benefit to these Pink Pills. They hive saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which tbe doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows tne bus been ain&zsd; et the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here. Such ia this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of tliu country uf the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cur* locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of blood, such asaneemii, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, puiua in the back, nervous headache, eto. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, letder of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowan says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady whioh he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed -ridden, and there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvie was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his cbbo bad been pronounced inouraole. M'. M'Gowan wag, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvie. Dr. WillianiB* Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy,, Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on reoeipt of stamps or poat order I box for 2a 9d, or i dozen for 14s 93. The drought is reaching upon Sydney and people thrown out of work is the country are foolishly flocking to tbe metropolis. The people of Melbourne are more liberal than the citizens of Sydney, The amount oolleoted to date for the Queen's Consumptive Fund ia - slightly over £4000 ) tbe Amount collected in Melbourne for tbt Qusen'i S»v»r Hospital is £11,000, 