UNITED METHODIST CONFERENCE. A MEMORABLE GATHERING. 1 be members of the wcslcvan Methodist, Primitive Mothodist, and Biblo Christian Conferences, now sitting in Adelaide, met on Tuesday moraine at the Pine-street Wesleyan Church in united Cpnforenco on the subject of Methodist union. The Rev. Joseph Berry, President of tho Wesleyan Conference, presided over tho large gathering. Ho was supported by the President of the Primitive Methodist Con ference (Rev. H. Williams) and the President of the Bible Christian Conference (llev. W. H. Cann). The Rev. H. T. Burgess (W.M.) was confirmod as Secretary, and the Secretaries of tho threo Conferences— the Rov. W. A. I-ang«- ford (W.M.), tho Rov. A. \V. Wellington (P.M.), and Mr. Ashton (B.C.)— as Assistant Secrotaries, as arranged bv the joint commit tee of the threo bodies, which met on Saturday afternoon. These guutlcmeu took thoir places amid olieors. Tho Wesleyan Conference occupied the centre of the Church, to tho number of 90 ; tho Bible Christians, to tho number of (55, the eastern wing; and tho Primitive Methodists, numboriug 70, tho western wing. After devotional service, in which the Revs. Joseph Berry, H. T. Burgess (W.M.), Father Wright (P.M.), and W. F. James (B.C.) assisted. The Presides? delivered his opening ad dress as follows :— Beloved Brethren of the Primitivo Metho dist and Bible Christian Churches— We thank you for accepting our invitation to meet with U3 to-day, and in the namo of our common Lord we bid you welcome. To this huur we have looked forward, sometimes with eager hope, sometimes with trembliiKjsolicitude, out always with the belief that sooner or later it must come. (Hear, hear.) It has come now, and wo bless God together that ws havo lived to seo it. (Li ear, hear.) For mvself I fee) that the honour of presiding over this gatberint; is the crowning mercy of my life, a mercy neither merited nor expected, bat for which I am deeply grateful to tho God of all grace. In speaking thus of our gathcriug 1 would not overstate its signilicance. We aro not yet necessarily committud to union. We are taking But one step further in that direction. (Hear, hear.) We are committed to uuion only if wo tind ii practicable, and we meet to-day to look at the difficulties v.'hich confront us, and to consider how we can best overcome them. Hitherto we have discussed these dimoultics apart; to-day we confer upon them as one body. What these difficulties are we shall con sider directly. Permit nie to say now that wo shall neither ignoro nor mag nify them, but look them in the face in the spirit of men who believe in tho guidance and providenco and the omnipotence of God, and who belicvo that if God has led us to tho margin of the sea Ho will open a path by which' we may safely cross. 2? or, if wo see oar way to union, are we hero to unduly hasten it The time for consummation may bo on tho near or the further side of the line which divides the nineteenth century from the twentieth. Wedouotknow. It is tho will of God wo want to know and do, not our will ; bnt if the hour of union is delayed we cau agreo upon friendly methods of co-operation in tbo meantime that will lessen tho diitioul ties and promote a feeling of brotherly love. (Hear, hear.) I now proceed to touch upon some difficulties which we shall havo to consider. Ono thinp is perfectly clear, that these difficulties arc not of primary but only of secondary importance. They do not touch questions of doctrine — here v.*c aro in absolute agreement. (Cheers.) God has mercifully preserved every division of our divided Methodism from tampering or trifling with any of the great doctrines enshrined in the New Testament and defined by our founder when Methodism was first constituted. It is said that a scarlet thread runs through all tho cordage of the British Navy. There is a scarlot thread entwined with tho doctrines of universal Methodism, dyed in atoning blood, and binding ns in common agreement to proclaim salvation for all men— salvation present, free, conscious, and full. (Hoar, hear.) Much as wo deplore unnecessary division, we would divide again to-morrow rather than yield ono jot or tittle of the faith received from our fathers. (Cheers.) Again, we have no difficulties as to polity. (Hear, hear.) The basis of union propared by the General Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church has been accepted in every detail by all the Conferences hore, and we have the unspeakablo advantago of working not towards such a basis, bnt from it (Hear, near.) Nor do we in scekine to unite in any way reflect upon tho existenco in the past of any one of the three Churches. We believe (hat each of these Churches was provi dentially called into existence. The appro ving seal of God has rested upon all alike. The world would have been poorer to-day without any one of them. Each has bad its own testimony to licar and its special adaptation to some need of our time. But we beliovo that secondary differences aro also temporary, and that a time conies when any ono wing of the Church may frankly and with perfect self-respect confess that the need of its separate existence has ceased, and that God can be better served by the union of its forces with another Church. (Cheers.) Such ft union does not mean retreat, but progress. It is not defeat but victory. (Cheers.) Everything that is important in the threo bodies is now common to all. Concessions that the founders of the minor bodiesonce vainly sought have since been adopted by the parent body, and the time has come when tnoso who are divided may bo restored to one another with out doing violence to conscience. The same sense of duty which caused our separations in tho past now demands that if possible wo end them. (Hear, hear.) The questions which we now nave to consider are all questions of administration. They may be summarised as follows:— 1. Tho settlement of our properties upon a common deed. Here we shall be helped by tho experience of New Zealand, which contains some of tb'eacutost legal minds in Australasian Methodism. (Hear, hear.) 2\. The adjustment of connexional funds. This will require a good deal of patient care, and possibly some generosity and self-sacrifice. But whenweeomo to this question we shall not I believe, find thedifficul ties to beinsurmoun table. Ono at least of the uniting Conferences has already gono far towards solving this problem for its own members, as will appear when we come to .that part of our business. 3. There are difficulties of local Circuit adjustment No one pretends that theso aro few or slight, bnt not a little evidence already oxists that they can be overcome. Tho very fact of our mooting thus in brotherly confidence) will help in their removal. (Hear, hear.) Those who have voted in favour of union know at least the difficulties in their own locality, and the fact that these are in a majority, not only on the whole bnt in nearly every part -- a strong— I had almost Baid an unanswerable — assurance that our people believe that tho difficulties are not insuperable. (Hear, bear.) It is wonderful what men can do when thoy want to— (cheers)— and still more wonderful what Christian men can accomplish when they believe that they ought to make the attempt (Cheers.) The momont union is a settled thing these difficul ties will begin to disappear. (Cheers.) It is possible, however, though not probable, that we may not* succeed to-day in the task that is before tu. Should that' bo the ease we shall bo the better for having' tried. (Hear, hear.) To attempt and fail would be no dis honour, but not to attempt would be a sin. The votes taken during the year show unmistakably that we havo tno sympathy of the great 'Methodist publio with us, whilo something within' our breast tells us that wo havo the approval of heaven. For theso reasons we are resolved to try to overcome these difficulties and to go forward. (Cheers.) In every Cou ferencel know there has been an opposing minority. '-'(Hear bear.) Numbered with this minority are some of the best ministers and laymon ''our common Methodism knows. (Cheers.) Their opposition has been, in part at least tbo result of their loyalty and love for their Church. (Cheers.) To that very loyalty and love we make our appeal in asking them to help us to surmount tho difficulties which we all see ahead. (Cheers.) This opposition has possibly been intensified by tho too ardent advocacy of union on the part of the majority. We have not any of us been alwavs wise in all the thincrs we have said and written and dope. Wo cannot recall them now. But as Christian crentiemen wo can forget and forgive. (Cbcers.) Hero and now we can dig a deep gnve and bury them out of si^ht. (Cheers.) Having come to anew phssn of the union question we shall do well 'to forget the thiu^M that are behind.' Ilithcrlo we haw had a union and an anti-union party in each Conference. Shall the party lines vanish this morning? Wo romain constitutionally the men we were, but let there bo, if you like, a ' pro-fast' and a ' go-slow' division, but fast or slow let ns all pro fo ward. (Cheers.) Tho Wes'.eyan Conference ha? received as it watch word this year 'Hack to the Holy Ghost.' Shall wo all make this watchword 'our i-wn? (Cheers.) When the reror-J of thin tneotinij comes to Ije vritton shall it not r»-atl. ' They wore all ot ono accord in ono place?' (Cheers.) Then tho sonrenco that follows may In* written, too. '?.?wul they were all 'filled with the iW.y OhoRf!' (Hear, hear.* What aro the dilfitnltiV' of which I have spoken when cuiniiared with those that had confronted tho early Church? What J would the men and wotn«n have Riven for our i advantneos and opportunities? Yet they inarched forward to victory, and so shall wo if the holy fire burns in our bri?.v»ts as it glowed in theirs. The ch&rr.cterixttc; of that baptism is a spirit of love. Such love will conquer all difficulties within ourselves. We need have little misgiving then about those that are without. A smith who seeks to weld two pieces of cold iron may hammer uutil his anvil brcakii, and it cannot' be done. (Hear, hear.) If one piece is cold and the other hot, his task is still too great. (Hear, hear.) But let both be heated iu one fire until each is brought to a white heat 'and a few gentle taps wold them into one. (Cheers.) Brothers, let us ask, plead, wait until the holy lire comes. We shall have less to say about our difficulties then. (Cheers.) Tho President then called on tho Rev. H. T. Burgess to move the resolution proposed by the joint committee. The Rov. JI. T. Bcncrsa returned thanks for his appointment as Secretary. He said that when Almighty God wanted to do honour to any ono He employed him. That was hij reading throughout of the way God honoured Hia sorvauts as recorded in the Bible ; and, so far as be knew anything about thom tho Methodist Conferences wera so far thoroughly imbued with the Divine Spirit Thoy also honoured their members by giving them work and still more work to do. (Laughter.) He appreciated the position in which tbt»y had placed him. He believed in tho line— The inure they servo the more they lovo —(Hear, hear)— and ho tried to do both. (Cheers.) Tho Standing Orders of the Woaleyan Con ference- were made the Standing Orders of the United Conference. Tho Rev. H. T. Burgess (W.M.) moved and tho Rov. C. T. Newmaj.' (W.M.) seconded— Whereis the General Conference of the Austral aiian Wesleyan Meibodist Church in IS01 agreed upon and defined a basis of uuion between the M. thoilL-d Churcnes of AuUrAL-wia, and empowered each nnr.ual Conference to effect niiion on that basis with any or all of tbe Mctho-IUt Churches within ha own bounds, and the Primitiro Methodist an i Bible Chrtaiun Conferences of South Aus tralia in l'j'Ji accepted such b:sls and obtained nenntaion from Iheir respective Conferences in England to enter into such union, and whereas in lSitt tiie constitution of a Federal i-'ounc:l was approved and representatives thereto were appoiuieU by each nf the tliroe Methodist C'jnfcrnncesof South Australia, ami the Pedsrul Council in 1SU U'ljpted a. ' plan of Union' and suhuiitttd to tbe taoia'-er-i of the several Churcbts, the trclees nf ib.- Church properties*, and the quarterly meeting* the qtii's'.ion 'Are you in tavour of the union of the Vatliodist Cburcbei in South and Western Australia on tbe proposed pi.in'*' and un affirmative answer to tb« sxid question was given by !ari;e majorities of thu Church uiemi- r.«, tru«;ees, and EV.-inbeM of qautcrly r.u^ti:uH in eich of thu thros Cnnrchej. And whereas tlio South Australian Wotleyan Methodist Conference of tills year bas passed a resolution declaring that it is In f.\\*onr ot tbe union of cha Mathodiit Cuaivhea in South ami Western Australia, on tho proposal plan, nml mriiiiis thu PiimitiTaMetlio f'.istnnABibb Christian Conference* ts B. united Cnnti-rence to consider the whole question, and if praciicabi' to cletine the conditions and time of nnion, and tho 1'rirailive Methodise nnJ Bible Cnrislian Conferences have passed resolution* in favour of union and accepting the niiil invitation, and (Ms united Conference is asM-inb)cd in pur suance of such inviuuiou and acceptance, it is here by re.«oivc! :— Thit this united Confarenco expresses its gratifi cation ai the action that ua* been taken by the several Churches up to tho prsaent time, and iu ihankfulne* for tue decree of unanimity that pre taU.i anvins thi-m as 10 the desiMblcneas of uidr union -. itnccepVi the Antj frith which it is chnrjsed, Rnd resolves to do all in Us power to promote the consumrattlon of the nnion that is in view. Carried. * The Kev. H. T. Bcrcess (W.M.) moved and Dr. Tobr (B.C.) seconded— This Conference accepts as a statement of the general principles and methods on which nnion is to be etf«cled the 'plan of nnion' th»t has been adopted by the Federal Council and voted upon ia tbo several Churches. Carriod. The Kev. n. T. Bcrges3 (W.M.) moved and the Rev. E. Gkattox (B.C.) seconded:— The Conference agrees that when onion is con* sunimaiod an A.-t of Parliament snail be obtained sculinj: tbo Church properties of tba uniting Churches upon the t-me trust*, an I tbat ibeprimi lit'o Mdlh'Hlistand Uible Cbti Man Church trustees or a sufticient number of the trustees of each Church property shall iiign an undertaking thftt in tbe meantime they will accept such appointments of ministers mid arrangement* for us ins the proper ticiii.tm.iyb3 raado by the Conference of the United CUurch. N. B— In tho rase of the Wealeyan Methodist Church properties this is unnecessary, as they aro alicaJy settled oil the Wcileyan Jletho din Model Deed. The niovor said this ground had been traversed in New Zealand under legal advice, and it was found that tho course proposed was the necessary and sufficient one. Discussion followed as to tho phraseology of the motion. It was explained that there might lie an Enabling Act, to bo followed by a Uniting Act; or the soveral Conferences could be kept alive and the unite! Conference could dvo validity to what they did togothcr. Those expedients wero cither exponsive or clumsy, but the plan proposed in tbe motion was the simplor and less oxpensivo courso to secure safety and to bridgo over tho time till the Act of Parliament nhould make oyerything right '(The same trust' was explained to bo legally accurate, and to mean ' the identical trusts^' or 'the samo as each other.' As to the position of the Wesleyan trustees, the Kev. J. Colli.nv.s (B.C.) forcibly pat it that the two minor bodies had boon all along cognizant of the fact that legally the united Conference would Ik- a Wesloyan Mothodist Conference until thoy had the United Methodist Church of Aus tralasia. They could not force tbo trustees of the two other bo-lies— the Biblo Christian and tho Primitive Methodists— hence the necessity for the pledge in tho motion. But it would bo a pure work of supererogation to ask the Wesleyan trustees to do what they could not help doing. The motion wai carried. The Itev. U. T. Bi'RGESS moved— The Conference recoinmt- nds the quarterly meet* ings of tbe Circuits that will be affected by union to arrange for meeting* ol the ministers and official members of the Churches in tbe several localities at which the su^ostions for Circuit adjustment that were formulated in leO5 may bo reconsidered and further information obtained, with a view to tbe preparation by th« Federal Council of a comprehen sive scheme for future aetiou. This was seconded and carried. The ttev. T. E. TnoMAS (W.M.) moved— Tbat an Examining ConimiUes shall beappointed, consisting of twelve ministers elected by tho Annual Conferences in the name proportions a- representative* to tbe Federal Council, which ?ball ilecido upon a com.uon course of rtudy for candidates for tho iniuistry and probationer*, and which suall examino or arrange for the examination of all such candidates and probationers, the examination to take place in tbe month of February in each year. That a Oeneral Committee shnll be appointed, consisting of the President and Secretary of c.'ich Conference, the Kx nniiialion Commilteo, and eight other minister«ap|-i-'.ntc . by the Annual Conference* in tbo same proportion ax representative* to tho Federal Counci!,to meet prior to tbo Annual Con ference*, to receive the report of the Examina tion CommiUvft, to consider th« ca-^-.s of all candidates and probationer, and uo candiilatu shall be accoptud or probationer received into full connexion by cither of the Conferences exceut on the recommendation of this committre, provided, however, that any candidate or prolia tioner shall have tbe right of atme:tl through bis Conference to anniled Mmi-terial Confcrcccs. This was carried after discussion. After the mid-day adjournment. The Rev. J. Coi.linos (B.C.) reported that the ProaoherV Annuitant Society in connection with the Bible Christian Church had submitted a scheme for tho future working of the Society. The schomo provided for tbe continuance of the Bible Christian Society as a branch of the Wesleyan Supernumerary Fund for a limited period', tbe scheme to be managed by its own members under tbe direction of the United Conference. The Rev. E. Giutta.v(B.C) said that soeing that tho difficulty was their own they bad sought to aolvo it themselves, and not to wait for others to solvo it for them. They could not enter into union on terms that would be so loose and uncertain as to cause controversial or vexatious trouble, or that would causo in justice to Wcxloyan minister*, or to thoir own aged ministers, or the widows of their ministers, or would throw them unon charity. He further explained the details of the scheme. Tho Rev. H. J. Pope (P.M.) explained that the Primitive Methodists wero preparing schemes for suhmU&iou; to their English Con ference to continue their connection with the English Superannuation Fund. Tho ltev. H. T. BrnuESS proposed— The Conference ii gratitivd t- lc.im tlutt the Biblo Christian Coufere.ice h.ufiTmu ated tinancial amn^vment* for com, dying with tha »tipa!atiuiis of tlio Wcsiejaii Meihodi-t-;«'ier.»l Conference on thi subject ot the .Supcruunier.ine* and Ministers' Widows' Fund, wl ieit hare been submitted to llio Treasurers of the said Fund The Conference is uls ? glid to be informed that the Primitive Metho- 1 disc Conference hat ilia subject un'ier its con sideration, and has enmmeneni n--;oti«tions with th« obj.-ct of cltf.tlins »nisf.ictorily with it. Tne Conference refe-s the subject for further ennsidem I Una to th« ituthoiitiesof tho Churches concerned and to the IV leral Council, iu the hop* that a *a'i-fictory sctilenrient may be made duriuj the coming yoar. The &zv.; H. T. Bcrgess moved— Tii s Confcrenoo instructs »nd empowers tha Federal Council to ''o wluitever may be ueces'ary in its jn'i^tnr :it to cive cflect t» the resolution of this | Conference on st-ciirin^ the Church properties, arrangements for Circuit aojuuraent-, negotiations c-noerniti'! the SupernumerarieV Fund, ami the I csm: of Western Auitratii, to elfect readjustments i of Circ-:its wh-r.- ibn arrnngeratnts are i-atisfActory to .-ill parties C'-.icerniil, generally so to act in and ,-tbout the premises a- ciay best facilitate tbr amns?tneuts for union, an I to furnish a detailed ri'puri of ir - pro;;cd;u^s to the Anaual Conferences oi naxt v«ir.' The Hev. H. T. Bcrges3 moved and Dr. To;;:t seconded — Wniie un: ble to definitely fix the exact date of union, the Conference expresses the hope that the ue:?!-*ary arrangement ol deUtils may be w- far com ldv!t» a- to al!-ix of a derision on this subject boiu; rctcl:c:I next year, nn.l tha', should pending nego tiations be w»ti«f»*tftHly conclurfcd, th ? fir#t Con f.T.'Mce of tli; united Church may be held in 1S&0 or 13^1. Tho Rev. II. T. Bniotss movod '1'i.it ci-))i''- of the rc-oiiitiom aloptrd by this United Conference hj f-rw.irdi-d to i-tca Annual Coiiferenco ; t'ut those ('.?iiioreines be reo.ne.sted m iiicorjioWe them iu their reords anil to give tlis'ii dm same vaiiility and effect that they wouli imvehadif t?iey bid been ad -pled by such Confe rviice i:i its in I vnhul c.ipuiiy ; tlmt tbe Confc ri'u'cs lie r^-|uc^T-'l to s-i arnmse the dates of their a««tf!iil-liii2 in isrwa* to f.vilitite tbo boliiinijofa l'::itfd Ciiifero-M-i iluritiK their ^s ioni; and that t!i- F« !-;r«l Co;i!ic:l be requested to make any n--cc.««ary preliminary arniusumenM for such United C nf«.rcnco. The U«sv. II. T. Bi'BOESR moved :— The Conference Is *tron;lv of opinion that steps should \\# tabi-n forthwith to prevent tbe possibility of f net ion and or«rln opine in 'he operation* of tbe seve'.il Churches in Western Australia, and is grati fied to learn that a representative committee has hec-n appointed with a view to securing this object, and to report to the several Annual Conferences. VOTES OF THANKS. The Rer. J. Dat Thompson moved— Taat this Caited Coaferenoe. tenders its neatly thanks to tbe President, tbe Rev. J. Berry, for tbe powerful, spiritual, wise, and timely address with which he prefaced the deliberation! of the Assembly. The Conference aUu request* tbat the addrea« be publiibbd in somu such form as will secure itscircn iation tbroosbout the conunon Methodism of this colony. Ho was himself very deeply moved by that speech, and personally congratulated the mother Methodist Church on the r-o.--scssion of a minister liko the Rev. Joseph Borry, who could deliver so powerful, thoughtful, spiri tual, and timely an address. (Cheers.) Tho above motions wero carried. The R«y. J. G. Wright (P.M.), who was received with cheers, seconded. The Rev. J. Hancock (B.C.) supported with unfeigned pleasuie. Thotono of the address had done him good. The Rov. II. T. Erne ess was exceedingly glad that tho motion had been made spon taneously. Ho put tho motion, which was heartily carried. The Presiijs.-ct feelingly replied. If they were spared to have a united meeting liko this next year he believed they would find most of their difficulties behind them and a wonder ful opening before thom. (Cheers.) Tho Rov. Joji.v Thorxe (B.C.J moved a vote of thanks to thn President for his able conduct of tho business of tho meeting. The Rev. H. Wiluajm (P.M.) seconded, and tha Rev. J. Dadoow (P.M.) supported. The Pre-sidcst in reply said if ho had bean the captain on tho bridge, next to him sat tho chief engineer, the Kc-v. Mr. Burgess, to whom ho gave all tho credit. The ttcv. W. H. Can's (B.C.) proposed, the Rev. R. S. Caskly seconded, and Dr. Tobb supported a hoarty vote of thanks to the Sec retary, the Rev. H. T. Burgess for all his great services in the cause of Methodist union. Dr. Torr and tho Phcsidhnt also paid a tribute to tho untiring efforts of tho Rov. W. F. James in tho same cause. The Kev. H. T. Bcrgks* gracefully acknow ledged the vote. Tho Rev. W. F. James also thanked the cathcring for the flattering refer ences made to hinn-.clf. Tho Assistant Secre taries were also thanked for their services, and the thanks of tho Conference were passed to the Federal Council for iu valuable labours during tho past year. The minutes were read and confirmed, and the meeting closed at 4.15 p.m. 