STRAY NOTES. [By J. GRASSIE.] A RETROSPECT. It is hardly fair to try to deprive Major Mitchell of the honor of being the pioneer of the Western District of Vic- toria, for he alone is entitled to that merit. There were, it is true, two or three whalers living on shore at Portland Bay when he got there, but they knew nothing of the interior, and marvelled much at his diary, and, in fact, would hardly credit that there was a rich and fertile country all these years within two days march of them; and Mitchell had some trouble in persuading them to go at once and explore the banks of the Wannon. A pioneer is he who goes first, those who follow are only emigrants, and it would be absurd to call those who followed Major Mitchell pioneers, or to call whalers, who preferred tent life on shore to their oil-smelling ship, colonists. When I first arrived in the Portland district the wheel ruts made by Major Mitchell's drays were so plainly discern- able that one could have followed them for considerable distances, and traced out many of his camping places, He tra- velled over what is now known as " The Major's Heath " and Oak Bank, crossing the Heywood Creek near about where the bridge now stands, and soon there- after Donald Cameron, better known as Big Donald, opened an inn in Portland, and David Edgar did the same at Hey- wood. Both these men became wealthy, and for their convenience a Highlander - a Mr. MacRae started business as a smuggler near Heywood, and made burnt whisky from sugar and Cape barley. ln the early days I have often seen the remains of MacRae's still house, and have often heard it said that when the native blacks approached too near it he used to pepper them with small shot about the legs, until the police came. And as they were nearly all ticket of leave men from " t'otherside," they patronised the still house, and the cure was worse than the disease, and the industry of sticking up travellers began to be resorted to in a small way. Major Mitchell had assured the whalers that the blacks were a cowardly race easily intimidated, and as they did not travel at night for fear of ghosts there was not much danger to be apprehended from them. The whalers plucked up courage, therefore, and annexed the Wannon and Glenelg territory-the first settlement being at Munthum--and the first warrior who pitted himself against a tribe of blacks was a hero known as Jack the Pointer. But it was whispered that Jack's mode of warfare was not the clean potato, and so some called him "Wishart the baker," and the baking part of the name was full of fearful meaning, The "Murder- ing Flat" was the name of a corner on the Wannon occupied by a tribe of blacks, but how it got its name is a mystery. Some said it was through the number of gentle shepherds murdered there, and others said it was vice versa, and as "The Pointer" thought little and spake less the blacks on Murdering Flat grew small by decrees and beauti- fully few. The blacks, like all other savages, were exceedingly treacherous and un- grateful. They murdered Morton, a settler at Nangeela, who always treated them with the utmost kindness, and they spared Savige, who delighted in hunting them like dingoes. They once rounded up MacRae's sheep near Dartmoor and embowelled them all while still alive, and by carrying fire with them daily, they kept the country continually burning in summer. In short they gave the early settlers great provocation, and the retaliation often resorted to was only what might have been expected. At length a Draconian judge came out to bring the terrors of the "living law " to bear on them, and he like an imported weed ran altogether in the wrong direc- tion. I witnessed the execution of one of the first victims he hanged, and the poor wretch knew no more of what the idle ceremony meant than the man in the moon did. "What for ?" he cried. "What for white man, soldier man, what for dis corrobra ? " and when they reached the gallows and he saw the rope dangling above him, he wanted to have a swing on it, as he had seen the children swinging at the school house. Soon after I arrived the country got so full of gentry from " t'otherside" that one would have lost caste by admitting that he had not been in Van Diemen's Land, and even a doctor would have sunk under the imputation of having been a "squarehead," which meant an honest man, I never was in Tasmania or near it, but I sometimes found it con- venient to hail from it, for it was then a passport often to a good dinner. "Been on t'otherside," said a cook at Roseneath to me on one occasion in the early days. " Yes," I replied, " and I have had my back garnished with stripes many a time." " Ditto here," he grunted as he took a wild turkey from the oven and placed it before me with plenty of plum sauce, and I believe that both assertions were harmless lies. 