A GERlMAN WEAVING, VILLAGE. An intelligent correopondent has written an arcount of bit visit to a little-known 'istrict of Germaney, frqm which we take the fololling : About 200 miles from the Gesman capital, in' the northern pa?t of the province of Silesia, there is a lit a of low tilis called the Haystack Mlountains. Scatteredl among thesa Iills, some time' in villages and again in detached and isolated log cabins, are to be found about 2,000 people, who are caelled the lIunger-3Ieonehn human beings who never have enough to eat. Their business is hand-loom weaving, and itb has been car ied on so long on starvation wages that their bodies bare shrunk and dwindled until the anthrepologist may almost clasify, them as a separate slctes of the human family. Mostt of, these weavers live in the little county of Gists,; but a few hours' ride from leslaun, and Gold bach is the Schaudfleck or shame spot of Germany. It wan a cold, .rainy April morning that Ryborg and I climbed from Iteinerz tothebroad plateau on which the miserable little I amlet is. situated. In about 30 minutes af staff climbinal we rrached the top, and Golibachlaybefore us.' Its low cabins were strong along both aides of the roadway for nearly half a mile, and even; from where we stood we could hear the! monotonous click-clack of the long lineof looms.; Some little childreu. ran into the cabins to; make known our arrival. The click-clack! stopped for a mmenlt, and. ghost-like faces peered oiit of the windows. Such withered, human leings I had never seen before. Their! eyes were sunken and dull, and the skin on their faces when not sickly white was of a dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon no bewildered, and then fell back to their looms, and the click-clack began afresh. We wan. dered on to the end ot the hamlet and then back to the inn, and the ouly living creatures' we saw were the children and the faces in the' window, . There was not a horse or dog any. where in sight, and the impression the httlej village gave us was that of an iselated settle. meet, shut off from human syml athy and even deserted by the dcmeatic animals, Herr Sammek, the mayor, was a wrinkled little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his face which I had not noticed among the other villagers. It comea I fancy, from the weasying efforts to collect village taxes. He was anxious that we should1 have his official statement of the case. Gold bach, he said, was the poorest place in the{ entire district. There are nearly' a hundred, weavers in the viilare, and they just barelyi exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages far ther to the west the weavers have always had the alternative of working in the woods or ao their loomsas they chose, and they ire conse quently better situated. In Goldbach, however,' this choice has never existed, sand the villagers are now so weak and unaccustomed to out-door labour that they simply cannot undertake itL All that they are capable of is a little work in their gardens and weaving, and the com petition with machines is so great that their: cloth" must be sold at the very lowest prices. The Government in 1852 bought the land in Goldhach and resold it to the weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay five marks a year on his lot till the debt was 'cancelled. Before that :time the village hat been in the hands of large land proprietors, and', it was purchased from them in the hope that' personal ownership of house and garden would; give the weaver a new impetus to work. Had there been enough work for them this hope, no, doubt, would have been realised, but hand-loom' wearing is st little in demind to-day that the lots are still unpaid for. The average annuals income of a family of eight'persons is not more than 400 marks, or less than £20. This is sup posed to cover all expenses, and it is not hard to uunderstand why there' are so many ,mortgages. The main kinds of weaving done in Goldbach are shirtings, handkerchiefs, sheets, and ticking. A middleman, living in Reinerz, furnishes the raw stuffs, and ther buys the cloth at a 'valual tion agreed upon beforehand. The Govern Imeot has also had some work done here, but as it usually wants towels for.the army, and the weavers are too weak to do such heavy wavring,l the middleman is the main employer. If theree is a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not paid for, and a case is kIrown where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetings and all payment for the cloths delivered was refused because of some little mistake. The bill of fare in the village varies a little in the different' cabins, but in the main it consists of rye coffee, rye' bread, and meal. A queer mixture of dough and meal is the favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are eaten when: cheap enough. Most of the wearers have' little gardeens where they raise all the vegetables they can, bhut their lots are so small that they have no zoom for large crops. Their potatoes give out very early in the winter. Meat is sel dom seen. Herr Sammeck has it once a week, but he earns an extra 150 marks a year for his publ:c services, and can afford it. The others' gt a taste of it' once in six. months. The! greater part of the 'weavere in Goldbach are blood kindred, and married couples are fre quently first cousins, but malformed children are surprisingly rare. Nearly every household, hae at least four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I asked Hferr Pahl, as he had remarked upon the fact, how he accounted for it. He shook his . head doubtfully, and at first did not seem to have any explanation to give, but he finally said, " Na ! the air helps a little !" When the children begin to weave, however, the life soon tells on them, and if they keep it up they grow thin and weak. As soon as a child can turn the crank of the' spooling machine'he is enlisted into the ser vice, and has almost as many hours of toil as his parents. At five o'clock, summer and winter, he must be up and doing, and after the few hours at school and ploy, he works on.into the night with his elders. I asked Herr Eamr mck If he did not think the older people would be strong if they worked out of doors a little on farms for example. "We have tried it," he replied, but e'o are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if the wind blows hard, we shiver as yod.do in winter, and seo farmer will take us.'I " DBt could you not go into factolica ?" .Aloon of despair came into his fare. " It is the same t.ing there," lte tnswered. "If we ask a manufaetur, r for work, he says we can't do enough. ueec we laclk the treugth to run' the big m;chincrs, and in factories they want cnoplethatcan work haladl. No: sil that.we I A TREI? WHIICIH BTINGS. A trave'ler from Qteenslsnd drscribes in the " eunsl.y Conmplniou " a pe?celiar tree whichl he fouud there, wlhich. tlugh beautiful to the eye. is rely ioflesaiee te the sense of smell, asnd positveoly dinogeruons to touch. HIere is an :accuunt of ics ifets :--" SBumetimesn, while :shienth.g lurtk, y in the scruib,t hav entirely for gotten t cc sth.h-iihg tree till I was warned of its proximity bIy its smell, snd have ofteln found 'msyelf in a little forest of hem. I wsoeeoly lonece stecg, ??d then very lghtlty Its effects are curiou's. Tihe sting leves no mark, but the italt is maddening, ande for mnonths afterwards the part, wLcn tluched, is tender in rainy weather, or when it gets wet in washing. I have seen a mac, iwho treats ordinary pain lhghtly roll on the grounlt in agony afier beieg stung, and 1 L.ve kenowt a uhorse so cmpletely mad tafter gettieg into a erore of the trees that he rushed open-mouthed at everyone who ap proached him, and had to be shot. Dogs, ehon etung, will rush obout, whining piteously, and biting pieces from the affected part.' tll DIDN'T. ' John Jaes, iewhat do you mean by gttinog into such a coeehttioue? Say *Smith's spirit ]ask split Philip's tister's skall.' " \- Wo' do a'y sus'r shing t S h•' Smith spish frash t?ab its,,ht.*t'5". a.shay thash Won't I" , Thah's nll grght. TssdiiAR ers do is to ii?." .In answer to as inquiry why there ist so little work, he said that the factozirs controlled the market. end it was only by working cheaper than factuoy hands that home weavers were able to ind any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, agsinst hand loom cloth. Early in the afternoon we started out os our round of the cabios. TLe first ode belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been a weaver ever since her eighth year. I had heard that she took part in the revolution. "Oh. that was a terrible time," she said, hold ing her finger against her nose in a characteris tc Gerrenr way. " Wehad only grsrs to eat then. I remember my mother sending me out many a sight to cut praos and dandelons for the evening soup. I wasn't in the revolution myself, but my lover was. He never came back--" And the poor old soul began feeling around in thethradsof theloom. h.yes ; it's mucL better now," she continued. " We have bread every day, and you'ran't starve on that. can you P" We called seat on Herr Pahl, as he had asked ln to ?tke his pictlre. We found taim waiting for es on his doorstep, and as we entered the cabin be pi'ked up a sore-*yed skeleton-lomkian baby, saying, "tGentl'men, this is my eleventh.", We saw bat six children, and asked where the rest were. "In the gas?, yard," he returned, sadlI fancied that I oaw a look of thankfuluesslio his face. "I dnu't want charity," he caplainsd, "but udo think they inigLt give me work.. If I had enough to ado 1 could feedrmay childrea.on bnrea at least, but now I can't earn over tlhee marks a week. T:at's the reason the otherchildrendied. They ,weren't sick-no soe eia;irhk heie-they just got thinner and thinner and withered away." At all of the other cabins we heard practically, 'thesame story. 'Ihelooma were alwaoa click ing, and the children sets either spooling or peeling potatoes. - MILLIONAIRES OF THE RAND. The story of the rise of 'the gold-mining in ;anstry of the Transysal, when one day It comes to be wsitten by somebody who has lived and moved in the iner -ring of Johannesburg capitalism, should indeed road like a strange romance. Unlortunately the law of libel,which prevents one from always telling ilth comfort the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, for bids me (writes a representatire) to dwell on the history of the rise to vast wealth of sevtral of the most omteresting men in the Trasvasal of to-day; but on the tither hand there are millionaires of rharacter and position whose fortunes have been won by merit and sheer ability. Quite Appallingly Wealthy. The two richst t" n'ibld the Rand to-day are. probably Messrs. Lewis asod Marks. They are of Polish extraction, and started out'to Barbir ton a quarter of a century ago, or thereabouts, to seek their fortunes. By industry and enter prise they gradually pushed their way to the front, and are'at the present time the poseasors of wealth almost beyond the dreams of avarire; Both are noted for their generosity in'mny good causes, and their names may often be 'ean at the brad of the charity lists Mr. Marks liv.s at l'retorie, and it is no secret that, like Mr. J. B. Iobionon, he is one of those Out landers who are ou very good terms with Presi dent Kruger. A Vast Business. TIe great and varied enterprises of these two millionaires of the Iland ae to be seen in all parts of the Tranrsaal. If there is a farm with gold under it to be developed, it is pretty safe to go to these ren to" foid the money td ac quire and' if need be work it. They se enosu mous owners of propety in the Transvaal, and between them possess a big fraction-probably a sixth-of the total area of the cointry. As may be imasgined the astute Kruger is usually only too willing to 'grand concessions of all sorts and kinds to millihoaires like Messrs. Lewis anld Marks, and quite lately permission to establish some grsth glass-works, hc., has been obtained. The hothAlchltls of South Africa. Thb Eckst~eies might 'be discribed without eoeggerattw so the Hothsclldds of South Africa, whilst men 'hkMlr.' eit do not lag much be hind. IMr. Lax Lglgei'ian, a man of light and leading in Johanuesburg financial circles whari by the bye is the same as sal ing " iJoh. anneoburg," for they seem all finuanciess there Las been arrested by the Boer Government. Mr. iolomou Joel, hto is a near relativ sof Mr. Barney Barnato, was the hero of the sain making incident. IDuring the long drought in the Transvaal he aspired, by means of dyna. mite, to tap the unwilling heavens of some coob and refreshing showers, and attnbuted his want of success only to the fact that his machinei was not powerful enough. Next drought--; habould he happen to be back again-Mr. Joel! intends to attack the heaveno with a morel powerful instrument brought from the States. Fram The Bottom Rung. Your South. Africa millionsire' and multi millionaire has, it will be found, nearly always risen from the bottomnrung of the ladder. Some times he came to -Africass an ordinary digger ;' sometimes ho commenced by driving a team oft oxen. In fact, if you want to shine in the millionaire line, in South 'Africa at rate, ap. parently the brat thing you can do is to sell all you have, give to the poor,and start with a spadeo as your sole capital. "I f you begin with moneyr you will very likely lose it all before you have learerl how to scoop together even a small pile. "It's all because bf the cashmere drss,Tom," Mrs. terton answered laughingly How glad I am that I wore it." 