WONDERFUL WOMAN; OE, THE DAMGHRFIELO MYSTERY. s MRS JIAY AGNES FLEMING. Lr of - Wed, Tet No Wife," "Nor- *InC -Baron^Bride," Etc. nr AFTER X.—(Continued.) . J7a= given .vou no earthly reason H » •'"Katherine exclaimed, "and " ^ L like you to be unjust- * ! « Papa ! a shame ! J: nothing wrong of Even the grim, pitiless l ^ h law'takes the prisoner in the f f ;„ £ iunocent until he is proven fÓu -peak of him as though he nllain. double-dyed ! X repeat. It chame to slander the absent in this and a soldier who has fought for « wrote w New the las: t' find out his character—did Orleans jj. isr.-er testify such dark suspicions i? these " -•The answer left me as much in the Mr Dan tree's character •i"* is simply nil—no one ^Tarthtas much either to hi, credit Lrridtt. Tou defend your love ?autcbfv.' Katherine. I don't think f "-orsVof you for it. but it won't do. Tren vnu, n>y child, eloquent as you art Sa ill your special pleading, cannot „' w a hero of Gaston Dantree." l /on t r.-an: to make a hero of him : he snits me well enough as he is. As v i« r.-tli all his faults, whatever they ..v lv. 1 am willing to take him—to jirfd to"him all my life: and be very *vfcat-v«-r that life may prove, no ime z'i =hall ever hear me complain of .ii-i;-ve you." her father said. \- '•• y.iu're not a model young ?, ; v bv ar'v im-ar.s. but vou deserve a .*".:. husband than Gaston Dan- Child \- >' ou are haplessly .,.•„• i;a;ea : i miplu as well talk to the 111-* ravin? vnnder outside the window, -1- a romantic sirl in love. But think tViment-ihink how little you know t .fc;c man. TVho is to prove he hasn't a Wife already out yonder in the southern States ? ' •Papa:" But there was a sharp, c-^d-Ti pans ill her voice as she uttered indignant try. "Marie de Lanf.,. ••• na:n» thai haunted her dream ibł: mominp. came back. ••Vh Kathie. flying into a passion vD! am ptov- his worth. 1 repeat, we fcwa- nothing of him—nothing but what he has chosen to tell or invent. Do vi>u rtallv believe. my poor Donna Quixote, that if some tveak of fortunes Arrived you to-morrow of Scars wood, and 'I* rent-roll, he would prove faithful to tie love he has avowed ? If you were ^culess—as he is—do you believe he vouM ever make you his wife ?" She met hi? sad gaze fuli; but she TT2S white to the lips. "I believe it. papa. I know how I •cmiJa Let toy liim: poverty—disgrace, jvfii—•would only make me cling the more devotedly to him. I would take hi; Tart against the world, and why fSocld I think him the less generous ? Papa, it may be your duty, but you tortcre me! What is the use of saying such things, except to make me miserable ?" Bui i; was not her father's words tin: made her miserable—it was the i»ń>; in her own heart, the conviction tehe spoke the truth. Not all her £322- infatuation could convince her fc this man was either loyal or true. Be had been brought up in a peculiar wv enough, this impulsive Katherine; and. if there is any excuse to be made for her wilful perversity, it lies in that. Motherless at the age of three,- left to a doting father, spoiled by Trajan' curses, indulged in every caprice, she hid irrown up headstrong and full of ianlts. The Indian colonel had taught •i-T lo scorn a lie as the base crime of, n coward, and taught her to be as true is steel, loyal, generous, and brave; and she knew in her inmost heart that Gaston Dantree was none these things — was twice as 'instable as water. Only her girl's rancv had gone out to him, and it was too late to recall the gift Her father drew her to him and kissed her. "I will say no more—not one word ; sud yet it is a cruel kindness. Do you Łnotr what I should have done, Kathie, Then that fellow came here to ask your hand? I should have said, 'She is there; take her if you wilL She is quite ready and capable cf running away with you to-morrow, if you ask her; but as long as I lire, not one farthing will she ever rroive from me—not though she were SIan"' B S- I will never forgive her; I Will nei-.tr see her: she is in love with yon: take her, and when the honeymoon fe ovei^-starve! I mean this, Mr DantKt ana we Dangerfields know How to i«p our word.' Kathie. he would never Lave set foot again within this house, and you-you would hate your father. ' tet think I could bear that, and so, child! marry him. if you will, on New Tear's Eve—what does a month more or ® "jitter? ana may heaven Lsep you, moI defend you from the fate of a brokffi-hearted wife:" She made no reply; her face was hidon his shoulder. . 1 fear lor your future, my child! I •ar-I fear!" the old soldier said, with pathos. "I foresee more than I ^ flare tell. Kathie, listen! Do you' ™ f®^ vo 'ce faltered a little—"do •thrai you could bear to be poor? ,J.° or ' w r 1 she lifted her head, and MOkea at him in surprise. Katllerine; to be poor, not as < »e poor in India, with savants to ^ opon us, and a colonel's pay to live I were to die, and it may be ^ M d be still—and you were left the world, friendless and porto earn your living as other do yon think you could tear 'joa'"^ poor food? to wear poor : tŁę^rf- labor for others? That 4s of poverty I mean. V ^ e a « him, lost in wbnder. tt-W^rl 1 - a bartmefe daagfater. ^ for the first time, -what EblTw 70u It is tapos- Ent Ee 10 P^or-' «U> fev^Sr " were not "- 4e spoke ^ thl^, ^raess. Ehiftmg away «es-"^ e° f t h e b r i g h t ' wondering S»» tearitr. Overtook yon-conld fai^r^^ ^gerfield," the young a 1 v o n t suppose ^Wdn't K? re P ost erons thing! No, 1 011 ^ ^ «aa. aresBe s. and working for in- * * P^r r o U 4 ^ ^ o n rici m life ^" onla J 081 quietly glide ^ iaakp ~, a " Du ble dose of morphine, B u t w S rubbish? Tm Xooa 304 łus soWiefa tralń- „ ""n ta eonfl „ «64: the Sharp pain at Ms heart his tacei howed sign. 4 'And you consent, "papa—you dear/ good-natured old papaT'the girl s&fl;, ber cheek close to his, her lips in his ear; "you do consent! J am only seventeen, and silly, no doubt, but. let" me be happy in my own way. I can't help liking Gaston—I can't indeed, and I want to trust him—to believe in him. Xou'll let jne. won't you? You won't say bitter, cynical things any more. And you know yon •won't lose me, as you would if I married anyone else. You'll only gain a. son instead—and well live together here, as the fairy tales sayhappy for ever after." He dghed resignedly, disengaged himself, and arose. "•When a woman will, she will, etc. Have your own way, Katherine. Let the wedding be on New Tear's Eve. I give you carte blanche lor the trousseau —order what yon please. I can say no more than that. I will make the best of a bad bargain, since it is Inevitable - but I can't like him—I never can. Marry him if you will, but I would almost sooner see you dead than give your fate into his bands. Keep him away from roe—I would rather not meet Mm And, Katherine ——-" A pause. "Well, papa?"—she spoke rather sadly. _ K seemed very hard thai the two beings on earth whom she loved Irest could like one another no better than this. Her father was standing with Lis back her. looking out of the window at the beeches tossing their striped branches in die high autumnal gale. "Tes. papa—what is it?" "Don't offend Sirs Vavasor." He spoke .with an effort. "You don't like her, and you take no pains to hide it. Katherine. it won't do."' "Why not, papa?" "I can't tell you why—only she is your gnest; as such she should be treated with courtesy." "Well, I do try to be courteous—that is, I try to endure her; but, papa, she's simply unendurable; it stifles me to live in the house with her. I don't know why—I.suppose we're antagonistic, as Gaston says—but my flesh creeps when she comes near me. Just as it does when I meet a toad. She's like a serpent, papa—one of those deadly cobras we used to have out in India—with her glittering eyes, and her sharp, hissing voice, and her noiseless, gliding walk. Why can't you give her all the money she wants and pack her-off about her business?" "Because—well, because the world is civilised, and she is our guest. Let iis respect the sanctity of the bread and salt. She has a hold upon me—I may admit that much—and it places me in her power. If I or you offend her, Katherine, it is in her power to injure us both more than I can say. It is impossible to explain; I can only say for the present, treat her civilly, for my sake." "I will try. For your sake, papa, I would do anything." "Except give up Gaston Dantree! Well well! it is the -way of the world—the -way of women—a very old way, too. And now go—I think I'll settle my mind by reading the Times' after all this. Arrange everything, buy the wedding dresses, let the wedding guests be bidden, and when the hour comes I will be ready to give my daughter away to a man of whom I know nothing. That will do, Kathie; I'd rather have no thanks. Let the subject of Mr Dantree be dropped between us; it is a subject on which you and I never agree, though we talked to the crack of doom." Katherine laid ha fingers on the handle of the door. There was a swift swieh of silk outside. She Sung it wide. •Had that ~«fcious ilttle wretcL, Mrs Vavasor, been listening? But the passage was deserted,' and a tall Tnfllnn cabinet hid the little crouching figure completely. . Miss Dangerfield rode out under the open sky and sunny downs with her affianced, and Mr Dantree simply heard that papa had consented that the marriage should take place on New Tear's Eve—no more. But he could easily infer the rest from Katherine's clouded Xace. "The sharp- sighted old baronet bas been abusing me," reflected Mr Dantree: "he has taken my gauge pretty accurately -from the first. I wonder how it is that my face, which makes all women fall in love with me, makes all men distrust me! Xs it that women as a rule are fools, and the other sex are not? What an awful muddle I nearly made of It by carrying thai confounded packet of letters about. Katherine's prey-to the green-eyed monster already, and will be for the rest of her life. I suppose it is in the eternal fitness of things, somehow, that plain women should be always savagely jealous, especially when they bare remarimbly handsome husbands. Before the year ends I will be the son-in-law of Scarswood Park, and the husband of eight thousand year! Gaston Dantree, my/boy, you're a cleverer fellow than ever I gave you credit for." There was a dinner-party that evening at Scarswood, and Mr Dantree, with a fatuous smile, made -. known, to all whom it might -concern that the happy day was near. Mrs Vavasor's black eyes sparkled with their snakiest light; the ingtiing. silk twisted, and twined, and gleamed about her in more serpen tine coils than ever. • She flashed . 1 glance across at Peter Danger-field, with spectacles over pale, near-sighted eyes, on the - opposite side. . And Captain Devere stroked again his big, dragoon moustache, shot sharp glares of .'suppressed, ferocity at the CTniHng bridegroom elect. •Sang the ł>ągKHr! I'd like to throttle -hlm. with his scaf-eatisfied grin and confidential ales of proprietorship. X sappose "Sir John's -falling into bis dotage—I can't account for it in any other way. Boor litUe fooV with look at Katherine; "If he treats her as I know he will oftea;marriage,f 11 thrash him -prithln an inc& of Ms llfe.1 -wish t haaadBed hermrBdf." " The. wedding-das .'was. announced; TTaHigrtnp BM rawifiratnlatrf. ana a. little before i^nldiiight, with her lover's parting etlll om her MJ>s, she went up to her-room, ©raped with rose- silk and laces, the .carpet wreaths of meebuds on ' jenow, - ptrfEy sHlEen cbaire, a SnisB mo&cal-box;, playing titidlng tunes, firelight and waillght. gtwmiftig over aH-3»w pretty^iow pleasant tt looked. Ai« .KaHK3rine, Jn -dinner- -dress' Of rfajt jnazarine bloe, -and sbvpbińe omaroetaa ^ 1 n Sne^eold. sat down in^^.[jj^Berf^-jdbęta^iigfe:,*! łireŚ dgh. 7 • • *.. • ; ; \' .Tbeiie came ia soft *ap «i the door— a&a.;?? You will forgive me, I know,; my pet. I had to 'come. Kathie,: dear, yon don't know how glad l am your wedding day.is -eo naar." \- She took,both the -^rl's hands in hers. Katherine's first impulse was to snaitch them impatiently away; but she remembered her father's warning. This odious, fulsome, fawning creature had some mysterious power over him; for his sake she must be civQ. "You are very good," but despite the best intentions. Miss Dangerfleld's voice sounded cold. -Will you sit down, Mrs Vavasor?" "No, love; I will stay but a moment. See, it is midnight. "Weird hour!" with a shrill laugh. "Are there ghosts, do yon know, at Scarswood? Such a dear romantic old house ought to be haunted, you know, to make it complete. I suppose every house, as the poet says, where men and women have lived and died, is haunted, and we all carry our ghosts with us through life. But I won't turn prosy and metaphysical on this happy night. Ah! darling Kathie, what an enviable girl you are ; how brightly your lite has been ordered ! Seventeen, rich, flattered, caressed and beloved ! I suppose you have -never had a. single wish nngratified in your life; and in two months you marry the mail you love with your whole heart—a. man like one's dreams of the Olympian! Apollo. And others of us go through life, and don't find one completely happy day. It is the old nursery story over again,' TbSs little pig goes to market, and this little pig ptays at home." Katherine BangerSeld, what a happy girt you ought to be!" "I am happy, Mrs Vavasor." Still Mrs Vavasor stood and looked at her. How strange the gleam in her eyes, how strange the smile -on her iips! The firelight sparkled on her emerald silk, on her costly jewels, on her shining laces, on her coils of satin hlack hair. Katherine had never known fear in all her life, hut something In that woman's face made her shrink away in a sort of terror. "Mrs Vavasor," she said, rising, and turning white, "what is it you have come here to say to me T' The widow laughed aloud—that shrill, metallic laugh that " rasped upon the ear. "Whaa have I come to say ? Why, to wish you joy, of course, and to tell yon that J am going away." ""Going away !" < •"• Ah Kathie. what a poor dissembler you are ! The light of unutterable relief and gladness lights vonr face at the words. 'Going away, my dearest, and if I dared harbor so inhospitable a suspicion I should say you looked glad to hear it. But you're not, are you, Kathie, love ? and you will speed the parting guest with real regret ? Tes, my pet. I am going—never to come back—well, not more than once again, perhaps^—on your wedding day. For I think I must really come to your wedding, little KaJthie, and wish that beautiful Mr Dantree joy. How well he loves you, Kathie; he is one of those artless, frank kind of men who wear their hearts on their sleeves for all the world to read. Tes. I leave Scarswood just one week preceding your weddingday. Tou look as if you did not understand, but you are ever so much relieved after all. By-the-hy, Katherine, you grow more and more like your mother every day. Just at this moment as you stand there in the firelight, in that lovely blue silk and sapphires, you are fearfully and .wonderfully like -her. Would you believe it. Miss Dangerfield, your mother once prevented my marriage." "Mrs Vavasor !" "Tes, my dear," the little widow said. In her airiest manner, • "prevented my marriage. It was all for the best, you Jcnow—oh, very much for the best. 9m not speaking of Mr Vavasor, pootdear—your mother never knew him. was quite youngwhen my little romance happened, a year or two older than you are now. He • was scarcely older than myself, and very handsomi not so handsome as that - divine' Gaston, though, of course. And I was—well, yes—I was just as deeply in love as you, my impetuous darling, are this moment, . The wedding-day was fixe-!, and the wedding-dress made, and at the last hour your mother prevented It is nearly twenty years ago, and, if you will believe it, the old pain and disappointment, and anger and mortifl cation come back now, as I talk, almost as sharply as they did then. For I suffered—as I had loved—grea-tly. have never seen him for twenty long years, and I never want to now. He is alive still, and married, with grown-up sons and daughters, and, laughs with, his wife—a great lady, my dear—over' that silly episode of a most silly youth. And I—I eat,- drink, and am merry as you see, and I fopgaye your mother, as a Christian should, and married poor, dear Mr Vavasor, and was happy. Tour mother died in my aims, Kathie, and now I am coming to her daughter's wedding.™ "Look for me on your wedding-day," Katherine—I shall be there if •' • The gill snatched, her' hand angrily away. "Mis Vavasor!" She cried out; "what do you mean ?" . Why do you look'iat. me so? Ton frighten me!" - "Do I ?" with her' moddng laugh. •"Now. I never meant to do that. T don't mean anything-7-how could I?—but best wishes for you. Good night, Katherine —bride-elect — heiress of Scarswood— baronefs daughter — good night, , and pleasantdreams. " The morn is merry June, I trow. The rose is budding tain. But she shall bloom in winter enow •Ere-we two mee£;agam!' • He turned his charger as he spoke Upon the river shore—" He gave the reins a. shake, and cried, _ - ^ Adieu for evermore, 3ly love! ; Adieu for evermore.' " A last derisive glance of the black eyes, a-tannting smfle—Ringing MrDafr tree's song—Mrs Vavasor -vanished Hours and bonis, after Katherine sat very stm, very pale. send very unlike her Uraght,-dashing, defiant self, before the flickering fire. .'-What did it aH mean? Mśpteries Ji^wtał -were thicker and macker the better but In every-day Uffe-rwdl, thej -nrare .exa& -perating. i What po^er dld thls woman father? = Wby:'S»ifld lie m^iEpi^Wtaaajfcdlhejr? - If-he "could not trnst the daughter :-who -loved him, whom could he trust? What Jid JiliB Vavasor mean by her eoaing; taunts, only half hldden. her touendo, ; bervdelcsive ^mSes ; »nd glaboes, l ^ .-omihouft j50pet (Was, evD woman to-part ber. andjjer lover? ; - No,? cbe «aid,. proudly. SftinsJ^r bead with thatbangtty grace Oufcioiś ber chlef charm; •"noman OT wpuran oti earth canidpjithat. [ unteBS ju? should prove —-' Not evEP to herself coifld ehe repcatthat word. Shegotup.Aivl jauil l^llfWr 6D to bed. and papa, and beg :him ooee mor i*"*-„-••Ł!S? B a his daughter pacing up and down slowly in the pale chlU smflig4)i- A scarlet burnouse wrapped her, and her dark face looked wan and sombre from out its glowing folds. "Tou here, Katherine!" the baronet' said, as he stopped and kissed her. He was very gentle with her of late; there was a. EOrt of sad abnormal tenderness in his. face now. It did surprise him to find her here so early; but looking again at her, he saw how heavy the bright eyes were, how slow the elastic footfall, the shadows on the tell-tale face. ""What is it, Kathie ?"' he asked. "Tou look as though you hadn't slept last night. • Has anything gone -wrong?" "Well, no. papa: nothing exactly gone wrong, perhaps: but I feel unhappy, and cross, and mystified. I didn't sleep last night, and it's all owing to that detestable woman. Light your cigar, papa, and I will tell you while we walk up and down." She clasped both hands round his arm, and looked up with dark solemn eyes. "Papa. I want you to send her away. She is a wretch—a wicked, plotting, envious wretch! I was happy last night—I don't think I wąs ever happier in my life. What business bad -she to come and spoil it all? I hate to be unhappy—and I wont be unhappy—and— and, papa, I insist upon your sending the odious little killjoy away!" His bronzed face paled perceptibly ; an angry flash came into his steel-blue eyes. ^Tou mean Mrs Vavasor, I presume ? What has she done?" "Done!" Katherine repeated, with angry impatience, "she has done nothing—she is too cunning for that; and it isn't altogether what she says, either : it's her, look, her tone, • her smile, that insinuate a' thousand things more than shejever utters. That horrid, perpetual simper of hers says, plainer than words, 'I know lots of things to your disadvantage, my dear, and I'll tell them, too, some day, if you don't use nie welL* I hate people that go smirking through life, full of evil and malice, and all uncharitableness, and who never lose their temper." "Tou seem to have decidedly lost yours this morning, my dear. May I repeat —what has Mrs Vavasor done?" "This, papa; she came to my room last night, instead of going honestly to bed. like any other Christian, and began talking to me about my—mother." "About your motherl*" he repeated, in a tense sort of voice. "What did Miś Vavasor say about your mother, Kathie?" "She said, for one" thing, that my mother once prevented her marriage. Now, did she?" "Not that I am aware of. Was that all?" "Well, that was all she accused her of, but there were volumes implied. My mother died in her arms, she said, and she had long ago forgiven her. Papa, if ever I saw a devil in human eyes. I saw one in hers as she said it. She hated my mother; she hates me; and if it is in her power to 3o me or you any harm, she will do it before she leaves Sussex, as surely as we both stand here" "Katherine, for Heaven's sake " "She will, papa!" Katherine cried, firmly. "All the harm she can do us she will do. But is it in her power to really harm us? The will is there fast enough, but is the way?" "My child," he said, and there was a sob in every word, "it is in her power to rjrin us—to ruin you!" Katherine looked at him—very pale, -very grave, very quiet. Tou could see at once how this impulsive girl, readyto cry out lustily with Impatient anger over little troubles, would bear great ones. "Then, if that be true. Heaven help •us!" she said. "I don't understand, jand it -seems to -me you will not explain until the blow falls. "Perhaps I could beat- it better if I knew beforehand what I had to endure. Just now it seems strangely impossible. Tou are a wealthy baronet, and I am your only child—how can a .woman like that injure or ruin us? Papa," suddenly, "is there any flaw in your right of succession to Scarswood— is there any heir whose claim is better -than your own ?" He looked at her, a look that haunted her for many a day, with eyes full of "trouble. <To be continued.) 