GREAT BRITAIN. A WITTY PRELATE. I)r. Magee, the late AnglicanAichh&hopi;>f York, was>an J^junan, ftPd the . first of his race jvjlu> held an English see since the Reformation Lately " The Life of Dr.Magee " lias been published, and there are many anecdotes Jh ft "which show that he was not at 'J&^&ftRnt;&.tft the F& and humour characteristic of bis co^sMfejx. M the bi^aphy am' catsekftyt bis iriaiffCPe^asrWid bis -wit iff --- in , jCanon Liddon is characterised as "a. monk in petticoats," and the Dean of St Paul's as "the Cleon of the Lower HouJse," while the Bishbp of Lincoln is described as " inopportune and mischievous in the most saintly way." "I like throwing my ritualistic nettles over my ritualistic brother's wall," was his way of describing his expedient for ridding himself of the most extreme of his ritualistic parsons, by giving him a small extra-diocesan living. The following is his description of a meeting of the Metaphysical Society, to which he belonged—" Mark Pattison, essayist and reviewer, read the paper for discussion. Imagine the mummy of an opium-eater restored to life, and dressed in the dinner dress of the 19th century ; that is M. Pattison, freethinker and free-writer, but certainly not free speaker. He read in a dreary way a queer paper, the object of which was to prove the impossibility of dogma from the indefiniteness of words. He listened in silence to our criticisms, uttered a few sepulchral words in reply, and then seemed to vanish like a sceptical ghost. It was really very strange, and savoured to me greatly of opium. Next him sat Ward, of Tractarian memory, now a Romanist layman, very solid and John Bull like, but very able and metaphysical. Then Tennyson, with long, black hair and a clay pipe between his lips, silent during the discussion, and dull before it. Then Martineau, the Unitarian, brother of Harriet Martineau, elegant and refined and scholarly. Then Harrison, the Comtist, who argued stoutly for dogma against Pattison. Then Mivart, a Roman Catholic naturalist and anti-Darwinian, very accomplished and thoughtful. Then Professor Clifford, elaborately courteous, composed, and dull. Altogether the scene was very curious, and the discussion disappointing." Of the episcopal disagreements in the Established Church he said—" Every man can pick a hole in every other man's proposal, and does it, too, as a matter of conscience and principle, so that at last every plan gets like a sieve and holds no water. I am very, very weary of the whole thing, and wish myself a thousand times home again with my microscope, where magnifying small things is less hurtful than in Bishops' speeches." Apparently the Archbishop was not very hopeful of the future of his own Church. In 1878 he wrote: " The stars in their courses are fighting against the Established Church. We have our backs against a falling wall, and can only wriggle as one stone after another in the tottering fabric galls our weary shoulders. We cannot raise up the wall, or stand up straight and clear away from it." GLEANINGS. Mr. Herbert Gladstone, addressing his constituents at West Leeds, said the history of Europe during the last two years in regard to the Armenian question would form one of the blankest and meanest in the whole of our history. He admitted there were dissensions in the Liberal party on the subject, but he was grieved at the action of LorjHto§§t}ery. -.Jle was unable to wtn^lieMMt.<: .itlBjil March this ye^r'-jn® leading r&e;&toeV; of the Liberal patty .spoken "^o strongly agains^ thte polScpfti-wifc Gpvfetnment. We wefce'^titled to act i^^jfipdently, and Lor'd:fi(^ebe^av3ii$ii.M^6ffice, by one of the'de®atchesJ»>- J tne Ambassador at Constantinople, declared he would take independent action. Mr. Gladstone has addressed a letter to the organ of the Belgian Catholie students, which had published a series of articles on the Armenian massacres. He says it is a consolation to know that the Christian youth of Belgium has raised its voice in favour of those who are suffering martyrdom at the bands of our enemies. There have been debarred at the .port of New York for the year ending September, aid sent back 2522 immigrants, pt whom 1308, or half those re-, jected, Vere from Italy. ; The Venezuelan Commission announces that; in view of Lord Salisbury's sj^tem^nt of the probable early settlemtot idf the boundary dispute by arbitration, it does not propose to for r mulate any decision for the present 60 the matters subject to its examihjitibni It is announced that the terms of the arbitratlonitreaty '-Wtiveen' Great -T3ritr aln and the United States have now been settled. isputes between the two great Ei lish-speaking haljftns by arbitration. Boys' Clothing, vlait J. Molony 1 * -Waterfoj H , ^orwnfljawftwit » .-wfli ha iaiMSd em ifiatodaf ert, at'less 4hon frttxs, aBpeofcion invited. 1 ' 