[?] Daniel Webster's Drink, The Clergyman's Joke. The Haunted Room— The Oat and tho Would-be Sutolde. „,?Ster habitually fortified himself ' during speeches with gin and water. curse, has the advantage of looking exactly 11 ice water to tbe naked - eye, and the great Daniel kept - it by. him In n nitnt... .. . ... r luiuuicr, iur periodical doses. It is related that one day a fellow-senater took' a big sWallow; a.o!n i fer'aas> quite unsuspectingly, in i ?iS arose to make some remarks, ,,iLi„i .,00n'sef'ut'nce was a choking fit, . n-'i fhrew tlie whole Chamber; and ?inr,iCUi'ir y ,Mr Webster, into' convuli slons of laughter. Sunday the clergyman of rin! iifi church in Kent was reading - hli r„,,uC's. £„the «'k, and concluded iinvf «!, i T1,ere will be christening next bunday at ten-thirty." He then f,!!!ya l,to,tlle pulpit. Suddenly, " " "ff i-pward the congregation he re- severe tones; "Remember, Mi j. Tomllnson, I said ten-thirty. A year ago you were late, I believe." The average age of doctors Is higher " than that of any other calling— It is no less than fifty- six. Their great pull consists, 'no "do'UbtT'ilfVtbeir opportuni ties of observing what treatment is most efficacious with their patients. A certain physician is said by James Payri to have let this particular cat out of tho bag to one to whom he was paying marked attention. "I am very much Interested in your ease," lie said, "be cause I have the same complaint my self; and if this medicine really does you good I shall try it." Some time ago, when Dr. Creighton, the new Bishop of London, was mak ing a visitation of his. diocese (Peter borough) he was entertained In an old manor house, and slept in a room sup posed to be haunted. Next morning at breakfast the bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost. "Yes," he re plied, with great solemnity, "but I have laid the spirit: it will never trouble you again." On being interrogated as to what he had done the bishop said: "Thq ghost instantly vanished when I asked for a subscription toward the restora tion of Peterborough Cathedral." During the one year that General Ben jamin F. Butler was Governor of Mas sachusetts the class in rhetoric, of tho Girl a Latin School in Boston was being examined, and the teacher put this question to one of the pupils; "If I should say to you, 'his Honor, the Gor vernor of Massachusetts," what figure ot speech should you call it?" "Irony," was the instant reply of the pupil. An ingenious excuse was made by a London farrier for neglecting to main tain his wife and family. He said that since he saw a motor car he had not tho heart to shoe any more horses.- The bench thought he was suffering from : that species of "motor-ataxy" which ordinary people call laziness, and sent him for a month to a place where exer- : else on the tread mill has usually an exhilarating effect. This is a true English ghost-story of an unconventional kind. A young lady arrived late at night on a visit to a friend. She awoke In the darkness to find a white figure at the foot. of the bed AArhlle she watched the bed-blothes were suddenly whisked off and the ap parition vanished. After an anxious not to say chilly, night, the visitor went down, with little appetite to breakfast. 1 At tho table she was Introduced to a gentleman, a very old friend of the family, who had, she learned, also been sleeping In the house, He complained of tho cold. "I hope' ymf 'will "excuse me," ho suld to the hostess, "but I found it so cold during the night that, knowing the room next mine was un occupied, I took the liberty of going In nnrl Plifll»vtmr riff (Vin Bnrl.nlnlhaa rv ciin. piomont my own." The room, as It happened, was not unoccupied, but he never learned his mistake. Lovers of cats will read with Interest the following anecdote sent by the Paris correspondent of the "Dally News." A llower-glrl was deserted by her lover. She waited a few days In vain, then resolved on suicide. Mile. Henrlette bought some charcoal, stopped the chinks of doors and windows," lit a pan of charcoal in the middle ot the room, and lay down on the bud to die. But she had counted without her cat, quietly i curled up on a rug. This pet had- i no reason to lie sick of life. Feeling It self being poisoned, slowly but Irresis tibly, by the lethal furnes or carbon monoxide. It revolted with every symp tom of cat despair. It first jumped on the chlmney- piece.knocltlng overachlna lamp, which broke with a crash oil the floor. Thence it jumped at the window, breaking a wlndow-pune. Through the window came a draught of vivifying air which stopped the action of the char coal fumes. But the crash of lamp and window aroused the neighbours' atten-. tion. They knocked, and as no reply was forthcoming the door was burst open. The poor flower-girl was in a faint. She was taken to tlie Larlbolslere Hospital, where, it Is said, she will re cover. The cat did not wait for the congratulations to which he was en titled, but escaped on the roof. Although certain people- seek to dig nify palmistry with the name of science, and a journal is published for the pur pose of pushing its claims to the title, in the eyes of the law those who prac tice it for profit are rogues,' vagabonds, and impostors, worthy of the tread- \- mill (writes London "Dally Tele graph.") Human nature Is so credu lous that anyone who pretends to pre dict the future or unravel the past by reading lines on tho hands or bump's on the head Is sure of a large following of ga|ilng believers, ready to pay well for what tickles their funcy or their vanity. A man can make Ills own future, but ho had no part In forming either his hands or his head. A woman, named Indiscri minately Ella Gordon Ford, or Gordon Vernon, who lived In luxurious style in Hastings out of the proceeds of for tune-telling l>y palmistry, was brought up before the magistrates of that borough fo answer for lier misdeeds. Two wives of constables proved that the woman read their palms for five shillings each, and fortified her conclu sions by the corroboration of a pack of cards for 2s Gd extra. One of the appli cants was told that In a few weeks she would get a lot of money either by death, divorce, illness, or some other cause. For the defence It was contend ed that palmistry Is- a science, and was believed In by eminent men. The mag- glstrates, however, scouted the idea, and ordered the accused to pay a fine of £10, or to go to gaol for six weeks. She asked for time to collect the money but It \ve.s refused. 