CHURCH OF ENGLAND DIOCESAN JUBILEE. ? 1 - Sunday was the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the Church of England diocese, in Victoria, and in celebration of the occasion special services were conducted in. the St. Paul's and All Saints' Churches in this city, as well as in every other centre in the colony. The Veil. Archdeacon MacCullagh officiated at the morning service at St. Paul's, and took for his text the 24th verse, 11th chapter of Acts : " For he was a holy man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith ; and much people was added unto the Lord." The Archdeacon remarked that Bishop Perry was consecrated the first Bishop of Melbourne f>0 years ago, since ivhich time tiic diocese iiad been divided into two portions-Melbourne and Bailarat. When Bishop Perry arrived he found three clergymen in the whole colony. There are at present in the diocese of Melbourne 18G clergy men and 50 readers, who conducted regular services each Sunday. In addition to that num ber there are 300 gentlemen engaged in secular avoctions, who assist in taking services occasion ally in case of the illness or absence of the clergy men. The preacher referred to the extension of the British Kmpire since the foundation of the diocese. He mentioned the fact that in the map of the world Britain occupies a very small space, but tile empire itself is the largest known in history. And although it embraced men of many races and languages and religions, yet they were one in their loyalty to the throne. The singing' during the service was very im pressive, the choir under the conductorship of Mr. J. II. Bryan, who also acted as organist, rendering an anthem and assisting in the rendition of hymns in a praiseworthy manner. The church was prettily decorated. An arch bearing floral designs extended across the front of the pulpit hearing the following words: "The church's one foundation is Jesus Clnist her Lord, "and " IS17-The Jubilee of our Church 1S97." At each service and at Sunday School, golden offerings were taken up, the object being to raise £25,000 in the colony "as a thank offering to God for the mercies of the past 50 years." The collections resulted in the sum of £127 being raised, £35 of wliicli were subscribed in the Sunday School. At All Saints' the Rev. R. C. N. Kelly con ducted a service at 8 a.ig., -it which Holy Communion was celebrated. At midday Mr. Kelly again officiated, preaching from the 1st and2nd versesof the22ndchapter of Revelations. As it is the intention of the congregation to continue the celebration of the jubilee until far into the year, Sunday was not strictly observed as the jubilee day. The preacher at the evening service took occasion to urge on die members the necessity for exercising personal devotion to Christ in carrying on the celebration successfully, remarking that personal devotion to our Lord was in reality the key in church work. With Jlr. Alex. J. Pearce in the dual capacity of conductor and organist the choir rendered in a creditable manner the choral portion of the services. In the evening the service concluded with the singing of "Te Deum" and Stainer's " Sevenfold Ainen," which were rendered with very prettv effect. The collections totalled r24. By advertisement a meeting of the parishioners of All Sainis' Church is convened for this evening at S o'clock in the schoolroom, for the purpose of organising a jubilee fund. 