A GERMAN WEAVING VILLAGE. i An intelligent, correspoudent has written an ! nccount of hit visit to a little-known district of [ Germany, from which we take tho following: - ; About 200 miles from the German capital, in j the northern part of tho province of Silesia, I there is a line of low hills called the H»ystack t Mountains. Scattered among these hills, some tiuie.H in villages and again in detached and isolated log cibins, are to l>e found about 2,000 people, who nro called the Hungcr-llenschsn human beings who never have enough to eat. Their business is hand-loon) weaving, and it has been rnt'l iuil on so long on starvation wages that their bodies have shrunk and dwindled until the anthropologist niuy almost classify them as a separate speoies'ol' the human family. Most of these weavi rs live in the little county or Ol^tz, hut a few hours' ride from Hieslau, ami Gold bach ii the Schaudfleck or shame spot of Germany. It w»s a cold, rainy April morning that Kjliorg and I climbed from Rciuerz to the broad plateau on which the miserable littlo hamlet is situated. In about 30 minutes of stilt elimbinx w» ranched the top, and Goldbach lay before us. Its low cabins were strung aloug both sides of the roadway for ntarly half a milt, aud even from win re we stood we could hear tile monotonous click-clack of the long lineof looms. Some little children tan into the cabins to make known our arrival. The click-cluck stopped for a moment, and ghost like faces peered out of the windows. Such withered human beings I had never seen before. Their oyes wero sunken aud dull, aud tho skin on their facas when not sickly white was of a dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon us bewildered, and then fell back to Ihtir looms, [ and the click-clack began afresh. We wan dered on to the end of the hamlet and then hack to tho inn, and tba ouly living creatures we saw were the children and tlui faces in the window. There was not a hor»e or dog any where in sight, aud the impression the little village gave us was that of an isolated «fttl« meut, i-hut olf from human syrni athy and even deserted U>' the d< me.«tic animals, litre Sammelt, tho mayor, was a wrinkled little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his lace which I had not noticed among the other villagers. It cotnts, 1 fancy, from the wearying efforts to collcct village taxes. He was anxious that we should have his Dlliciil statement of the ease. Gold bach, he said, was the poorest place in the entire district. There are uiarly a hundred weavers in the village, and they just barely exist. In the Boheininii-speukiug villages far ther to the west tho weavers have always had the alternative of working in the woods ur at thoir looms as they chose, and they are conse quently belter situated. In Goldbach, however, this choice bus never existed, aud the villagers are noi^so weak and unaccustomed to out-doer labour that they simply cannot undertake it. All that they are capable of is a little work in their gardens and weaving, and the com petition with machines is so gnat that their cloth must be sold at tl.'e veiy lowest prices. The Government in 1852 bought the land in Goldbach and resold it to tho weavers ou the instalment plan, rach settler promising to pay lire mat ks a year on his lot till the debt was cancelled. Before that timo the village had been in the hands of targe land proprietors, and it was purchased from them in the hope that personal ownership of house and garden would give the weaver a now impetus to work. Had there heeii enough work for tLcin this hope, no doubt, would have beeu realised, but band-loom weaving is so little in demand to-day that the lots are still tiupuid for. The average aonual income of a family of eight persons is not more than 400 ir.arkx, or less t!>nn £20. This is sup posed to cover all expense.", and it is not hard to understand why there are so many mortgages. The maiu kinds of weivin;^ done in Goldbach are shirtings, handkex chiefs, sheets, and ticking. A middleman, living in Keinerz, furnishes the raw stuffs, and then buys the cloth at a valua tion agreed upon beforehand. The Govern ment has also had some work done here, but as it usually wants towels for the army, and the weavers oro too wt-ok to do such heavy weaving, the middleman is the main employer. If theie is a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not paid for, aud a cape is known where a womm worked two weeks on some sheetings and all payment for the cloths delivered was refused because of some little mistake. Tho bill of fare in the village vaiies a little iu the different cabins, but in the maiu it consists of rye coffee, rye bread, and meal. A queer mixture of dough and meal is tho favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are eaten when cheap enough. Most of the weavers- have little gardens where they raise all tho vegetables thry can, but their lots are so small that thuy haro no room for large crops. Their potatoes give out very early iu the winter. Meat is sel dom seen. Hetr Sammeck has it once a week, but he earns au extra 150 marks a year for his public services, and can afford it. The others get a taste of it once iu six months. The greater part of the weavers in Goldbaeh are blood kindred, aud married couples are fre quently flist cousins, but malformed children are surprisingly rare. Nearly .-.very household has at least four boys and girls, and up to teu years of age they remain in good health. I asked Herr Vahl, as he bad remarked upon the fact, how lie accounted for it. He shook his head doubtfully, and at first did not seem to have auy explanation to give, but ha finally .aid, " Na ! the air helps a little !" When the child ten begin tu weave, however, the life soon tells ou them, and if they keep it up thsy grow thin and weak. As souii us a child can turn the crank of the spooling machine he is enlisted into the ser vicr, and has almost as many hours of toil as his parents. At live o'clock, summer and winter, be must be up uud doing, mid after the few hours at school and piny, he works on into the nigbt wit!) bis elders. I aoked IIerr Sam melc if be did not think the older people would be strong if tbiy worked out of doors a little ou farms for example. "We have tried it," he replied, " but we are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if the wind blows hard, we i-biver as you do iu winter, and no farmer will take us." "But could you not go into factories ?" A look of despair came into his fare. " It is the same thing there," he answered. "If ire ask a manufacturer for work, he says we can't do enough. You see we lack the strength to run the big machines, and iu factories they wunt people that can work liaid. No; till thut we can do is to weave." In answer to an inquiry why there is so littlo work, he said that the factories controlled the market, and it was ouJy by working cheaper than factory hands that home wearers were able to find any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he said, against hand loom cloth. Early in the afternoon we started out ou our rouud of the cabins. 1'he firat one belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been a weaver over since her eighth year. I had heard that sho took part in the revolution. "Oh, that was a terrible time," she said, hold iug her finger ugaiunt her nose in a churacteria tic German way. "Wt-bad only grass to eat then. I remember my mother semilog me out many a night to cut grass and dandelions for the evening soup. I wasn't iu the revolution myself, but my lover was. He never came back " And the poor old soul began feeling 1 arouod in the threads of the loom. "Oh,yes; it's mucb better now," she continued. " We have bread every day, and you can't starve on that, can you ?" We called next on Herr Pahl, us he had aslced us to tnke bis picture. We found liitu waiting for us on his dor.rslep, nu<l as wo untcved the caliin he picked up a sore-ryed akolotoii-lonkinir baby, saying, " Gentliincu, this is roy eleventh.'* We saw b.it six children, and asked where the rest were. " lu the grave yard," he returned, and I tancied that I Miw a look of thankfulness ou his face. " I don't want charity,ho explaiurd, "but I do think they might give me work. If I had enough to do I could feed oiy children oil brcuil at least, but now I can't earn over three marks a week. That's the reason the other children died. They weren't siik-no one gets sick here-they just got thinner and thinner and withered away." At all uf Hie other cabins we heard practically the same story. The looms were nlwajs dirk ing, and the children were oither spooling or peeling potatoes. 