WONDERFUL WOMAN; I’ OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. ! BY MRS MAT AGNES FLEMING. Kuthor of “Wed, Yet No Wife,” "Nor j. Ine,” “Baronet’s Bride,” Etc. > . CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) “ He has given you no earlhly reason to say it !” Katherine exclaimed, “and lit is not like you to be unjuat, It is a shame, Papa ! a shame ! STou know nothing wrong of) kim—nothing. Even the grim, pitiless English law takes the prisoner in the (flock to be innocent until he’ is proven guilty. You speak of him as though he Were a villain, double-dyed ! I repeat, it 5s a shame to slander the absent In this way, and a soldier who has fought for his country, as you have, ought to be the last to do it. You wrote to New Orleans to find out his character—did the answer testify such dark suspicions as these ? “ The answer left me as much in the dark as ever. Mr It.an tree’s character in New Orleans is simply nil—no one knew anything' much either to bis credit or discredit. You defend; your love staunchly, Kathci^nc, I don't think tlio,worse of you for it, but it won’t do. Even you, my child, eloquent as you are. with all your special pleading, cannot make a hero of Gaston Dantrec.’’ .“ I don’t want to make a hero of him ; he suits me well enough as he is. As he is, with al! his faults, whatever they may be, I am -willing to take him—to hold to him all - my', life ; and be very sure, whatever that life may prove, no one alive shall ever hear me Complain of him.” “I believe you.” her father said., quietly ; “ you’re not a model young lady by any means, but you deserve a much better husband than Gaston'Dan tree. Child, child ! you are hoplessly infatuated ; I might as well talk to the trees waving yonder outside the window, as to a romantic girl in'love. But think a moment—think how little you know of this man. Who is to prove he hasn't a wife already out yonder in the Southern States ?”• y. “Papa!” But there was a sharp, sudden pang in her voice as she. uttered the indignant cry. “ Marie de Lan sac !” the name that haunted her dream that morning, came back. .“Ah, Kathie, flying into .a passion Will not prove his worth. I repeat, we know nothing of him—nothing but What he has chosen to tell or invent. Do you really believe? my poor Donna .Quixote, that if some freak of fortune ’deprived you to-morrow- of Scarswood and its rent-roll, he would prove faithful to the love he has avowed ? If you were penniless—as he is—do you believe he Would ever make you his wife ?” She met his sad gaze full; but she .Was white to the lips. “I believe it, papa. I know how I would act by him; poverty—disgrace, even—would only make me cling the more devotedly to him. I would take ihis part against the world, and why should I think him the less generous ? Papa, it may be your duty, but you torture me! What is the use of say ing such things, except to make me miserable ?” But it was not her father’s words that made her miserable—it was the ifloubt in her own heart, the conviction that lie spoke the truth. Not all her insane infatuation could convince her that' this man was either loyal or true. She had been brought up in a peculiar way enough, this impulsive Katherine; and, if there is any excuse to be made for her wilful perversity, it lies in that. Motherless at the age of three, left to a doting father, spoiled by Indian nurses, indulged in every caprice, she had grown up headstrong and full of faults. The Indian colonel had taught iher to scorn a lie as the base crime oE a coward, and taught her to be as true as steel, loyal, generous, and' brave; and she knew in her , inmost - heart that Gaston Dantreo was-; -.none Of ’these things — was ■ twice! as unstable as water. Only her girl’s fancy had gone out to him, and it was too late to recall the gift. Her .father drew her to him and kissed 3ier.' . "I will say no more—not one word ; and yet it is a cruel kindness. Do you know what I should have done, Kathie, When that fellow came here to ask your hand? I should have said, ‘She is there; take her if you will. She is quite.ready and capable of running, away with you to-morrow, if you ask her; but .as long as I live, not one farthing will she ever receive from me—not though she were Starving. I will never forgive her; I Will never see her; she is in love with you; take her, and when the honeymoon 5s over—starve! I mean this, Mr Dan tree, and we Dangerflelds know how to keep our word.’ Kathie, he would never have set foot again within this house, and you—you would hate your father. I don’t think I could bear that, and so, Oh, child! marry him, if you will, on New iYear’s Eve—what does a month more or Jess matter? and may heaven keep you, and defend you from the fate of a brok en-hearted wife!” She made no reply; her face was hid den on his shoulder. “I fear for your future, my child! I Sear—I fear!” the old soldier said, with ■strange, pathos. “I foresee more than I •Can dare tell. Kathie, listen! Do you” —his steady voice faltered a little—“do you think you could hear to be poor?” “Poor, papa?” she lifted her head, and looked at him in surprise. “Yes, Katherine; to be poor, not as We are poor in India, with servants to Wait upon us, and a colonel’s pay to live on;‘but if I were to die. ami it may be Soon—child be still—and von were left alone in the world, friendless and por tionless, to earn your living as other girls do, do you think you- could bear “hat?—to eat poor food? to wear poor, ■clothing? to labor for others? That Is “be sort of poverty I mean.” She gazed at him, lost in wonder; “Poor, poor! I, a baronet's daughter, the heiress of Scarswood! Papa,” burst ing into a laugh for the first lime, “what nonsense are you talking? It is impos sible for me to be poor.” “But suppose-it were not"—he spoke With feverish eagerness, shifting away grom the gaze of the bright, wondering ■ jpyes—“suppose it were possible—sup pose such a fate overtook you—could you bear it?” “Sir John Dangerfield,” the young lady responded, impatiently. “I don’t Want.to suppose it—I won’t suppose Euch a preposterous thing! No; I -couldn’t bear it—there! I would rather iflie than be poor, living on crusts, wear ing shabby dresses, and working for in dolent, purse-proud, common rich people. Papa, I would just quietly glide put of life in a double dose of morphine, end make an end of it all. But what’s ({the use of talking such rubbish? I’m Katherine Dangerfield, heiress; it is . iabout as likely that I shall go up to the ■noon, like Hans Pfaal, and live there away from everybody, as that I shall .'fiver turn shop-girl and become poor.” He set his lips hard beneath his iron .Srey moustache, and his soldier’s train 523 _ ing stood him In good stead now. Of the sharp pain at his heart his face showed no sign. "And you consent, papa—you dear, good-natured old papa?" the girl said, her cheek close to his, her lips in his ear; "you do consent! I am only seventeen, and silly, no doubt, but let me be happy in my own way. I can't help liking Gaston—I can’t indeed, and X want to trust him—to believe in him. You'll let me, won’t you? You won't say bitter, cynical things any more. Aid you know you won’t lose me, as you would if I married anyone else. You’ll only gain a son instead—and we'll live together here, as the fairy, tales say happy for ever after." I-Ie sighecLresignedly, disengaged him self. and arose. “ ‘When a Woman will, she will, etc. Have your own way, Katherine. Let the wedding be on New Year’s Eve. I give you carte blanche for the trousseau —order what you please. I can say .no more than that. I will make the best of a bad bargain, since it is Inevitable; but I can’t like hinv-T never can. Marry him if you will, but I would almost sooner see you dead than give your fate into his hands. Keep him away from me—I would rather not meet him. And, Katherine -." A pause. ‘‘Well, papa?”—she spoke rather sad ly. , It seemed very hard that the two be ings on earth whom she loved best could like one another no better than this. Her father was standing with his back to her. looking out of the window at the beeches tossing their striped branches in the high autumnal gale. “Yes. papa—what is it?” “Don’t offend Mrs Vavasor.” He spoke with an effort. - “You don't like her, and you take no pains to hide it. leathe ring, it won’t do.” “Why not, papa?” “I can’t tell you why—only she is your guest; as such she should be treated with courtesy." “Weil; I do try to be courteous—that .is, I try to endure her; but, papa, she’s simply unendurable: it stilies me to live in the house with her. I don’t know why—I suppose we’re antagonistic, as Gaston says—but my flesh creeps when she comes near me. just as it does when I meet a toad. She's like a serpent, papa—one of those deadly cobras we used to have out in India—with her glit tering eyes, and her sharp, hissing voice, and her noiseless, gliding walk. Why can't you give her all the money she wants and pack her off about her busi “Because—well, because the world is civilised, and she is our guest. Let us respect the sanctity of the bread and salt. She has a hold upon me—I may admit that much—and it places me in her power. If I or you offend her, Kathe rine, it is in her power to injure us both more than I can say. It is impossible to explain; I can only say for the pre sent, treat her civilly, for my sake.” “I will try. For your sake, papa, I would do anything." “Except give up Gaston Dan tree! Well well! ft is the way of the world—the way of women—a very old way, too. And now go—I think I’ll settle my mind by reading the 'Times’ after all this. Ar range everything, buy the wedding dresses, let the wedding guests be hid den, and when the hour comes I will be ready to give my daughter away to a man of whom I know nothing. That will do, ICathie; I’d rather have no thanks.. Let the subject of Mr Dan tree be dropped between us; it is a subject on which you and I can never agree, though we talked to the crack of doom,” Katherine laid her fingers on the handle of the door. There was a swift swish of silk outside. She ilung it wide. Had that odious little wretch, Mrs Vavasor, been listening? But the pass age was deserted, and a tall Indian cabinet hid the little crouching figure completely. Miss Dangerfield rode out under the open sky and sunny downs with her af fianced, and. Mr Dantree simply heard that papa had consented that the mar riage should take place on New Year’s Eve—no more. But he could easily infer the rest from Katherine’s clouded face. “The sharp-sighted old baronet has been abusing me,” reflected Mr Dantree; “he has taken my gauge pretty ac curately from the first. I wonder how it is that my face, which makes all women fall in love with me, makes all men distrust me! Is it that women as a rule are fools, and the other sex are not? "What an awful muddle I nearly made of it by carrying that confounded packet of letters about. Katherine’s a prey to the green-eyed monster already, and will be for the rest of her life. I sup pose it is in the eternal fitness of things, somehow, that plain women should be always savagely jealous, especially when they have remarkably handsome husbands. Before the year ends I will be the son-in-law of Scarswood Park, and the husband of eight thousand a year! Gaston Dan'tree, my boy, you’re a cleverer fellow than ever I gave you j credit for.” , ] There was a dinner-party that even ing at Scarswood, and Mr Dantree, with a fatuous smile, made known to all whom it might concern that the happy day was near. Mrs Vavasor’s black eyes sparkled with their snakiest light; the rustling silk twisted, and twined, and gleamed about her in more serpen tine coils than ever. She flashed a glance across at Peter Dangerfield, with spectacles over pale, near-sighted eyes, on the opposite side. And Captain Devere stroked again his big, heavy, flragoon moustache, and shot sharp glaces of suppressed ferocity at the smiling bridegroom elect. “Hang the beggar! I’d like to throttle him, with his self-satisfied grin and confidential airs of proprietorship. I suppose Sir John’s falling into his dotage—I can’t account for it in any ‘other way. Poor little fool,” with a look at Katherine; “if he treats her as I know he will after marriage, I’ll thrash him within an inch of his life. I wish I had asked her myself.” The wedding-day was announced, Katherine was congratulated, and a lit tle before midnight, with her lover's parting kiss still on her lips, she went up to her room. Draped with rose-silk and laces, the carpet wreaths of rose buds on snow, puffy silken chairs, a Swiss musical-box, playing tinkling tunes, firelight and waxlight gleaming over all—how pretty—how pleasant it looked. And Katherine, in her dinner dress of rich mazarine blue, and sap phire ornaments set in fine gold, sat down in the puffiest of chairs with a tired sigh. There came a soft tap at the door— not the tap of Ninon. Katherine lifted her dreamy eyes from tire fire. “Come in,” she said. The door opened and Mrs Vavasor entered. She, too, still wore her dinner dress; the rich sea-gTeen silk glowed in the light far behind her. The diamonds that were not from the Palais Royal flashed splendidly on neck and arms, and ears and fingers. Her shining, luxuriant black hair floated over her ■shoulders, and 'the smile that rarely left her was at its brightest on- her face.. “Am I an intruder?” she'asked gaily. “What blissful visions of ante-nup tial felicity have I frightened away? You will forgive me, I know, my pet. I had to come. Kathie, dear,- you don’t know how glad I am your wedding day is so near.” She took both the girl’s hands in hers. Katherine’s first impulse was to snatch them impatiently away; but she re membered her father’s warning. This odious, fulsome, fawning creature had some mysterious power over him; for his sake she must be civil. "You are very good,” but despite the best intentions, Miss Dangerfleld’s voice sounded cold. “Will you sit down, Mrs Vavasor?" “No, love; I will stay but a moment. Sec, it is midnight. Weird hour!” with a shrill laugh. “Are there ghosts, do you know, at Scarswood? Such a dear ro mantic old house ought to be haunted, you know, to make it complete. I sup pose every house, as the poet says, where men and women have lived and died, is haunted, and we all carry our ghosrs with us through life. But I won’t turn prosy and metaphysical ou this happy night. Ah! darling Kathie, what an enviable girl you are ; how brightly your life has been ordered ! Seventeen, rich, flattered, caressed and beloved 1 I suppose you have never had a single wish ungratified in your life; and In two months you marry the man y <;>u love with your whole hdart—a man like one’s dreams of the Olympian Apollo. And others of us go through life, and don’t find one completely happy day. It is the old nursery story over again, ‘This little pig goes to mar ket, and this little pig stays at home.' Katherine Dangerfield, what a happy girl you ought to be!” "I am happy, Mrs Vavasor.” Still. Mrs Vavasor stood and looked at her. How strange the gleam in her eyes, how strange the smile on her lips! The firelight sparkled on her emerald silk, on her costly jewels, on her shin ing laces, on her coils of satin black hair. Katherine had never known fear in all her life, but something in that woman’s face made her shrink away In a sort of terror. "Mrs Vavasor,” she said, rising, and turning white, "what is it you have come here to say to £ne ?" The widow laughed aloud—that shrill, metallic laugh that rasped upon the “Wliait have I come to say ? Why, to wish you joy, of course, and to tell you that I am going away.” “Going away !" Ah Kathie, what a poor dissembler you are ! The light of unutterable re lief and gladness lights your face at the words. “Going away, my dearest, and if I dared harbor so inhospitable a suspicion I should say you looked glad to hear it. But you’re not, are you, Kathie, love ? and you will speed the parting guest with real regret ? Yes, my pet, I am going—never to come back—well, not more than once again, perhaps—on your wedding day. For I think I must really come to your wedding, little Kathie, and wish that beautiful Mr Dantree joy. How well he loves you, Kathie; he is one of those artless, frank kind of men who wear their hearts on their sleeves for all the world to read. Yes, I leave Scarswood just one week preceding your wedding day. You look as if you did not under stand, but you are ever so much relieved after all. By-the-by, Katherine, you grow more and more like your mother every day. Just at this moment as you stand there in the firelight, in that love ly blue silk and sapphires, you are fear fully and wonderfully like her. Would you believe it. Miss Dangerfield, your mother once prevented my marriage.” “Mrs Vavasor !” “Yes, my dear,” the little widow said, in her airiest manner, "prevented my marriage. ,Tt was all for the best, you know—oh, very much for the best. I am not speaking of Mr Vavasor, poor dear—your mother never knew him. I was quite young when my little romance happened, a year or two older than you are now. He was scarcely older than myself, and very handsome— not so handsome as that divine Gaston, though, of course. And I was—well, yes—I w.as Just as deeply in love as you, my impetuous darling, are this moment. The wedding-day was fixed, and the wedding-dress made, and at the last hour your mother prevented it. It is nearly twenty years ago. and, if you will believe it, the old pain and i disappointment, and anger and mortifi cation come back now, as I talk, almost as sharply as they did then. For I suffered—as I had loved—greatly. I have never seen him for twenty long years, and I never want to now. He is alive still, and married, with grown-up sons and daughters, and, I daresay, laughs -with his wife—a great lady, my dear—over that silly episode of a most silly youth. And I—I eat, drink, and am merry as you see. and I forgave your mother, as a Christian should, and mar ried poor, dear Mr Vavasor, and was happy. Your mother died in my arms, Kathie, and now I am coming to her daughter’s wedding.” She laid her hand—burning as though with fever—on the girl's wrist, and fixed her black, glittering eyes strangely upon “Look for me on your wedding-day, Katherine—I shall be there !” The girl snatched her hand angrily "Mrs Vavasor!” she cried out; “what do you mean ? Why do you look at me so? You frighten me!” “Do I ?" with her mecking laugh. “Now, I never meant to do that. I don’t mean anything—how could I?—but best wishes for you. Good night. Katherine —bride- elect — heiress of Scarswood— baronet's daughter — good night, and pleasant dreams. “ ‘The morn is merry June, I trow, The rose is budding fain, But she shall bloom in winter snow Ere we two meet again!’ He turned his charger as he spoke Upon the river shore— He gave the reins a shake, and cried, ‘Adieu for evermore. My love! Adieu for evermore.’ ” A last derisive glance of the black eyes, a taunting smile—singing Mr Dan tree’s song—Mrs Vavasor vanished. Hours and hours after Katherine sat very still, very pale, and very unlike her bright, dashing, defiant self, before the flickering fire. What did it all mean? Mysteries in books were very nice, the thicker and blacker the better, but in every-day life—well, they were exas perating. What power did this woman hold over her father? Why could he not speak out and tell her? If he could not trust the daughter who loved him, whom could he trust? What did Mrs Vavasor mean by her sneering taunts, only half hidden, her inuendo, her de lusive smiles and glances, her ominous song? Was it in the power of this dark, evil woman to part her and her lover? “ No,” she said, proudly, lifting her head with that haughty grace that was her chief charm; “no man or woman on earth can do that. Nothing in this world can come between Gaston and me, unless he, should prove -” “False!” Not even to herself could she repeat that word. She got up, shiv ering a little. • “It grows cold,” she thought, "I will go to bed, and to-morrow I shall tell papa, and beg him once more to ex plain. I' cannot endure that woman’s presence longer.” | If early rising: be a virtue, Miss Dan gerfield possessed it. She might dance j until “ some wee short hour ayont the twol," but she was prepared to rise at six next morning, as fresh as the fresh When Sir John came out on the ter race for his morning smoke, he found his daughter pacing up and down slowly in the pale chill sunlight A scarlet bur nouse wrapped her, and her dark face looked wan and sombre from out its glowing folds. "You here, Katherine!" the baronet said, as he stopped and kissed her.. He was very gentle with her of late; there was a sort of sad abnormal tenderness in his face now. It did surpri-jc him to find her here so early; but looking again at her, he saw how heavy the bright ej-es were, how slow the elastic footfall, the shadows on the tell-tale face. "What is it, Kathie ?” he asked. "You look as though you hadn’t slept last night. Has anything gone wrong?” "Well, no. papa; irothing exactly gone wrong, perhaps; but I feel unhappy, and cross, and mystified. I didn’t sleep last night, and !t’s all owing to that detest able woman. Light your cigar, papa, and I will tell you while we walk up and down." She clasped both hands round his arm, and looked up with dark solemn eyes. "Papa, I -want you to send her away. She is a wretch—a wicked, plot ting, envioiis v,-retch! I was happy last night—I don’t think I was ever happier in my life. What business had she to come and spoil it all? I hate to be un happy—and I won’t be unhappy—and— and, papa, I Insist upon your sending the odious little killjoy away!” His bronzed face paled perceptibly ; an angry Hash came into his steel-blpe "You mean Mrs Vavasor, j presume ? What has she done?" “Done!" Katherine repeated, with angry impatience, "she has done noth ing—she is too cunning for that; and it isn’t altogether what she says, either-; it’s her look, her tone, her smile, that insinuate a thousand things more than she ever utters. That horrid, perpetual simper of hers says, plainer than words, ’I know lots of things to' your disadvan tage, my dear, and I’ll tell them, too. some day, if you don’t use me well.’ I hate people that go smirking through life, full of evil and malice, and all un charitableness, and who never lose their temper.” “You seem to have decidedly lost yours this morning, my dear. May I repeat —what has Mrs Vavasor done?” "This, papa; she came to my room’last night, instead of going honestly to bed, like any other Christian, and began talking to me about my—mother.” Sir John Dangerfield took his cigar suddenly from between his lips, a dark red flash of Intense anger mounting to bis brew. . ^ . “About your mother!" he repeated, in a tense sort of voice. “What did Mrs Vavasor say about your mother, Ka thie?” “She said, . for one thing, that my mother once prevented her marriage. Now, did she?’’ “Not that I am aware of. Was that all?” “Well, that was all she accused her of, but-there were volumes implied. My mother died in her arms, she said, and she had long ago forgiven her. Papa, if ever I saw a devil in human eyes, I saw one in hers as she said it. She hated my mother; she hates me; and if it is in her power to do me or you any harm, she will do it before she leaves Sussex, as surely as we both stand here.” “Katherine, for Heaven’s sake-” “She will, papa!” Katherine cried, firmly. “All the harm she can do us she will do. But is it in her power to really harm us? The will is there fast enough, but is the way?” “My child,” he said, and there was a sob in .every word, “it is in her power to ruin us—to ruin you!” Katherine looked at him—very pale, I very grave, very quiet. You could see at once how this impulsive girl, ready to cry out lustily with impatient anger over little troubles, would bear great “Then, if that be true, Heavgn hylp us!" she said. “I don’t understand, and it seems to me you will not explain until the blow falls. Perhaps I could bear it better if I knew beforehand what I had to endure. Just now it seems strangely impossible. You are a wealthy baronet, and I am your only child—how can a woinrpi like that injure or ruin us? Papa,” suddenly, “is there any flaw in your right of succession to Searswood— is there any heir whose claim is better than your own?” He looked at her, a look that haunted her for many a day, with eyes full of trouble. (To be continued.) FOR LASSITUDE, TORPIDITY, SOUR STOMACH, INDIGESTION, HEADACHE, BACKACHE, &c;„ , Take a couple of Fletcher’s Pills every second night; they are a prompt and sure cure, and give certain relief. FLETCHER’S PILLS are a quick, sure, and reliable remedy for all com plaints arising from torpid liver, indi gestion, weak Stomach, and impurities of the blood. They are prepared; on rational and sensible lines, and do not contain a particle of calomel, gamboge, or any drastic purgative, but operate by perfectly natural means, by stimu lating the liver and increasing the flow of bile, and thus producing easy, evacu ations and natural catharses, without the annoyance and pain of griping and purging. Beware of the many harmful substi tutes on sale in many shops. None are genuine unless they bear the signature of F. Moore Clements on the outside wrapper. CLEMENTS TONIC and FLETCHER’S PILLS have become such household wWds that imitations are frequently offered. ' We contend that this imitation is the sincerest proof of their virtues, so see that you always get the genuine, bearing the name and address of F. M. Clements, Newtown, Sydney. 