TUflF GOSSIP. By TERLINGA. It rained all through the afternoon at Caulfield, but no one expressed a wish for fine weather. Wc have had too much of the cold, frosty order of weather this win ter, and the nice warm rain which fell on Saturday came as a relief. Racing in rain is not pleasant, certainly, but "Think of the good it will do" was on everybody's lips; and then, again, Caulfield takes no harm from rain. Had the downpour been twice as heavy it would have made no matter to the track. Among the visitors on Satur day was Lord Brassey, who arrived a little late, having probably seen a little of a capi tal run enjoyed by the followers of the Mel bourne Hounds before going to the races. Mr. George Watson, looking very well, was' present, walking about the enclosure look ing for likely jumpers. He had come pre pared to do the starting, but it was so wet that Mr. J. O. Inglis kindly insisted on re lieving him of this duty. Mr. Robert Orr was down from Ballarat, with James Scobie, "just to have a look at any National horses." Mr. Orr never looked better, but j his friend and racing partner, Sir. William Bailey, is still too unwell to leave Balla rat. The Dowling Forest stables are still very short of good jumpers, but residents of the Golden City are hopeful that "Old Alec.,'" of Burrumbeet, will be dangerous in both the big races. True, Courtier let his backers dovra heavily in the Steeplechase on Saturday, but this may not be a sign that Dondi aud Walter will not be all there next month. The victories of Balmaghie and Turracom last week speak well for Peveril, who jumps Flemington with as much ease as Larrikin, oiid. seems to be a perfect stayer. Kimbolton's form on Saturday would please backers of Soult, as the ragged old chestnut had Insurance and company at his mercy a long way from home in the Hurdle Rase. Until the V.R.C. altered the conditions of their race so as to iK'iialise the winner for the National Hurdle Race, the June J Hurdle Kace at Caulfield often gave a correct tip for the big race at Flemington. Apsley won in 1894, and Emmalea in 1S93. j Don John was among the National candi- j dates to start in Kimbolton's race, and he j cut a 6ony figure. The Don had been reported as showing a liking for hurdle jumping on the training ground, but in public he squirmed and twisted at each jump, as though the game was not at all to his fancy. At the third flight he fell, and laid I.averty out, but fortunately this much sought after horseman soon came round. Un'.ess a horse is fond of jumping, he seldom suc ceeds at racing over obstacles, and I am j afraid Don John wHi not win a National J for Mr. M'Craeken. . Insurance was sent out favourite again on. Saturday, but with 12st. 61b. she showed none of her Epsom or Flemington brilliancy, and was not even equal to a. place. Dundee pulled up very lame, and I expect we. have seen the last of this handsome Dunlop gelding. J. E. Brewer took the mount on Pickwick, tut the good-looking little Swiveller horse stuck his toes in the ground from the start, and Brewer could never induce hhn to extend himself. When in the humour i Pickwick is pretty, smart, but on avs off I days-and they preponderate over the goocl ones-he is very bad indeed. There was a capital field for the Rich mond Handicap, aiid to the ordinary stu-. dent of form the race looked very open. J To those in the know, concerning Marephal : Niel, however, it was nothing of the kind. . ! These parties knew the race to be a right-> j down moral for Marechal Niel, who was j backed down to 4 to 1. Strange this in the j I face of his being several lengths behind the j j moderate Ironsides at Flemington 011 the , I previous Saturday, but racing is a funny | i game. Marechal Niel won his race with a J lot in hand, and backers of other horses were fairly sold.. . "You cannot win when ? you cannot lose" is the first rule of bet-. ting. Backers who invested outside Mare chalNiel might.have .won,. because the! Sunrise horse might have fallen down, but this was their only chance. And how did 1 some of the backers of the good thing who stood on the lawn give vent to their joy J when they saw -Marechal Niel romping J hame ! Marechal Niel is a remarkably j nice horse, low and lengthy, with great j power and quality, and he is a descendant j of Sunrise. Pilot Boy, looking very hand-j some, was a starter in this race, but he wore j asuspieious-lookingbandagean his near fore-j 1 leg. Thoroughly sound, Pilot Boy would I be very hard to beat in hurdle races this | winter, but I am afraid Brewer will not be , j able, to get him well. O'Trigger was a j disappointment again, and so was Elswick, J who has not won a race since he just beat Monastery in the Adelaide Cup o£ 1895. Nudity cut a respectable figure, but it was really a oue-horse race, nothing having a show with Marechal Niel, who was one of the warmest dishes visitors from the coun try have ever served up at Caulfield or Flemington. Dora, raised to 9st. 21b., showed that her j three races at Flemington had done her no I harm, as she Avon the Cambria Plate easily, 1 I and I was glad to hear that her owner j had a nice win this time. Mr. Sam Cook j I bought Dora for £150 under a misappre- j liension. He thought she was out of j 1 Remnant by Piscator, from Tatters . by [ I Robinson Crusoe, from Ragpicker by ; I Fisherman, and would justsuitThe Admiral, j | whereas her dam is by Kingsborough, and j 1 runs back to an imported Arab mave. The , i purchase has, however, turned out a very ; lucky one, as Dora has won three races out of four starts, and if Remnant could i produce Dora there is no reason why Dora ? should not give Mr. Cook something good j when she goes to the stud. Lady Loch ; would have won her party a nice stake with Dora out of the way. That unlucky pair. Pilatus e.nd Beau Brummel, finished well up. ? The Niagara gelding is c-crtainly due for a \vin-and also for a little considera tion at the hands of handicappers, Like j Pilatus, he \s ridden out every time, but j invariably finds something too good for | 1 him. Beau Brummel has proved a costly purchase to his present owner. The Steeplechase was a pretty race, the five starters getting round without mistake, but Tarracom won easily. Backers of Courtier thought Alec. Taylor's horse had only to stand up j i to win, but he stood up, and was j very easily beaten. Larnook died away 1 under his big weight, and Flat Iron did no i more than jump.well. After his win in the ; open race, the Selling Hurdle Race looked J the best of good thiugs for Kimbolton, and j his backers were lucky to get on at even; jnoney. Mr. Uphill bought the old fellow j for £130, and the Hayes family have lost a very useful old slave. For a long time some people have been waiting for Flint lock. Their time came on Saturday, when the Carbine colt was a starter for the Cam bria Purse. The stake was a good one, j and the opposition moderate, conse- j quently Flintlock was backed down to G to 4\. Up to the distance the Carlyon colt Carlos, in receipt of only a pound for the year, seemed to be winning easily, but j Flintlock wore him down at the finish, and j those who had "got on early" went home! well pleased with themselves. When Croagh Patrick, a horse imported to Victoria in 1868, "won the Stewards' Cup' at Goodwood in 1S6J there were 45 starters. This is the biggest field on re cord in any race, hut at Rosehill on Satur day the Australian record was raised to 43\. Previous to last Saturday The Ghost won in a field of 42 at Caulfield, and most I people know that there were 41 starters I for the Caulfield Cup of 1885-the race which resulted in the biggest smash ever I furnished by a race. There were no falls in Croagh Patrick's race, but there were I two at Rosehill on Saturday, and such large fields are not to be desired. The Rosehill Cup was only worth £200, but the distance j was short, and there was plenty of sweep money on offer. A fair percentage of the starters were ?sent to the post on the off chance that a racing miracle might happen. Rather than not get a run the drawer of a horse will sometimes pay acceptance i fees, losing mount, &c.;, and lay the owner one,' two, three money as well." I remem ber this being done in the case of the top weight for a Sydney Cup not very long ago. The horse ran second, but the owner had no intention of scratching, and the drawer of the horse need not have paid up £15 for the horse's sweep. The record breaker Precaution started at 4 to 1 for the Rosehill Cup, but the race fell to Kelso, a 20 to 1 chance. When Croagh Patrick won his Stewards' Cup he started an equal favourite at 7 to 1 with Nativity. Six weeks1 after the race Croagh Patrick was objected to on the ground that he was the property of a man in arrear for forfeits at the time the race; was run. After a long inquiry, Croagh Patrick got the race, and he won the J Chesterfield Cup at the same meeting. j Soult's defeat of Kimbolton at Moonee Valley last week seems to'have had a! won* derful effect on Mr. F. F. Dakin. Judging by his handicap for Sandown-park, Mr. Dakin now considers the Grand National .1- all over. All Soult has to do is to go to the post. Defeat-if the V.K.O. hnndicapper's figures are correct-is impos sible. That this is-no exaggeration of how Mr. Dakin regards the situation is easily shown. Before Moonee Valley Mr. Dakin gave Soult lOst. 121b., and Hive list 71b. At Sandown Soult was given the crusher of 12st. J2b., while Iiive had 12st.- a dif ference of 21 ib. on -the previous. Monday's award! Ail the other National horses en gaged at Sandown were raised about 71b. -just as Hive was-and with, 581b. tackejJ on to Soult, I think there i-an be little doubt as to Mr. Dakiii's opinion of tho coming hurdle race. For my "part I see no reason for believing that Soult is so much bettpr now than Mr. Dakin thought when he declared his National weights. He may win with lOst. 121b., but surely Mr. Da-., kin has been unnecessarily frightened by the Camperdgwn horse's win at the Valley? How far would Soult have won, I wonder, if His Grace had not fallen at the penulti mate hurdle? Hife Grace looked to be going, just as well as Soult at the time. Strange to say, Mr. Vowles began his handicap for the Hurdle Race at Mentone with Soult nt 12st. 121b., but be had a worse lot to deal with, and Exchange received 61b. more than at Sandown. The Adelaide trainer T. Kicleywiil always look back to the S.A.J.C. Jubilee Meeting with feelings of satisfaction. He won three races out of the six-a slight recom pense for his bad luck in running second for the Onkaparinga, Adelaide, and Birth day Cups. Patrons of Ivieley's stable bet more than those connected with any other training establishment in South Australia, and all Kieley's wins were achieved with hot favourites. Most people thought that Royal Admirahwould not run in the Acces sion Handicap, but, with Beverley going over, his party saw a chance of getting some sort of price, and a £250 stake is not to be sneezed at. The field was not very strong, as it may be taken for granted that Foliage, Hear Hear, and Miraclum will not - be wound up until the spring comes round. Menindie is a very likely sort of liorse for hurdleracing, and Tapioca, who was bought in Sydney when Fleet Admiral won the December Stakes, has proved a bargain. The ancient IXL's victory in the Steeple chase should convince the owners of Confi dence and Evanston that they are not likely to do any good over here. Thun derer won the short handicap, but the op position was weak. Royal Admiral was a starter, I see, but Mr. Hughes, who has the privilege of re-handicapping win ners, had given "him an extra 161b. for win ning the Accession Handicap. Great would be the rejoicing at Ascot last week when the Prince of Wales's Derby and Leger winner, Persimmon, stopped the victorious march of the Irish brigade by giving Winkfield's Pride a tremendous thrashiug in the Ascot Gold Cup. This is the most important cup contest in Eng land, and in winning it Persimmon has set the seal on his three-year-old achievements, just as Isinglass did before he retired to the stud. The Prince tried, to win the Ascot Cup last year with Persimmon's brother, Florizel II., but the three- year-old Love Wisely, and the French crack Omnium II., were too good for him. Love Wisely was reserved for Ascot again this year, but in Persimmon he met a horse much superior to the lot he beat in 1896. Persimmon has several valuable engagements this year which look to be at his mercy. Next month he is in the Eclipse Stakes, of £10,000, and. although he has a 101b. penalty, Vesuvian, Velasquez, Chelandry, and Knight of the Thistle must all carry something extra. Persimmon is also in the Goodwood Cup and the Champion Stakes. The- Prince's victory, on the eve of the cele bration of the Diamond Jubilee, was most appropriate. The Royal Hunt Cup, which Knight of the Thistle won, is tho .big betting race of the meeting, and Mr. M'Cal mont's horse is very likely to have been favourite, as he has been expected to win a good racc for some time, and showed i^e was in form by a victory at Newmarket early in the season. Soult was defeated without being dis graced at Sandown-park. The weight he carried is a tremendous load for a four year-old, and Messrs. Dakin and Vowles evidently do not consider that any senti mental consideration should be shown men for going heart and soul into the jumping business, and laying themselves out to bring out horses of the Soult class. In the Grand National Hurdle Race Soult will carry 2ft pounds less than at Sandown-park, bnt he will have to carry it twice the distance^ . and the acceptance made for the race last * Monday shows that other owners have not yet decided that the race is a walk-over for the Messrs. Manifold's horse. Forty-five remain in the race. This number includes the New Zealand horses, who will probably remain at home, and several stables are still doubly or trebly represented. There is another acceptance on Thursday, and when that has been made we shall know more about the probable strength of the field. The general entries disclosc the fact Jtbat. Ripple, Caller Ou, U.Z., First Ascot, Buzzi, Pickwick, and one or two more horses still in the National Hurdle Race have not been entered for the Second Hurdle Race. Since he won at Moonee Valley Soult has become a pro nounced favourite for the big race. No one will be foolish enough to deny that he has a great chance, but three miles is & long way to go, and he cannot afford to chance hurdles at Fleminston as he did. at Moonee Valley. The retirement of| Tagus from both races was a surprise, but 1 knew Jack Hanwell -would go, as Mr. Frew told me at the end of the week that a rest was necessary in his case. None of the other non-acceptors for the Hurdle liace will be missed. Larrikin, who was let into a steeplechase at 13st. this week, and did not take ad vantage of the opportunity afforded him, is greatly fancied for next Saturday. He went remarkably well in a recent gallop over hurdles with Soult, but I am told that Soult banged into the first hurdle, and his rider, having only one stirrup for the rest of the gallop, could not make tlie best of the hard-pulling eon of Wellington. Larri kin won on the flat and over hurdles be fore coming to Melbourne and going in ex clusively for steepleehasing. I am told he jumps hurdles as though lie had never been away from them, but this is rather hard to believe, and Larrikin will be 10 years old nest season. There are still 27 left in the Grand National Steeplechase. Larrikin luts cried content, but not so Lamook, and probably the four New Zealenders have yet to come out. Mr. S. Miller has three left in, and, with llomsdal likely to prove the beet of them, the stable does not seem to possess a very strong liand. Alec Taylor also has three to choose from, but as far as I know no other stable is doubly repre sented, and the Messrs. Manifold have dropped out of the rare altogether. Doon dialrs simple accident was a bit of bad luck, as the horse had been backed in doubles with Soult. Hive and Campaspe will be missed by some, but the rest of the horses scratched on Monday were not fancied by the public. All recent running points to Peveril having a good chance in what appears to be a weak field, and Dondi, Timoni, and Walter, it must be remem bered, ran remarkably well behind Dungan .\ast year. 