The Plaza of Santa Marts. A STORY OF THE CUBAN INSURRECTION. (By H. Bindless, in "Chambers's Journal.") Two men, ragged and travel-stained, lay sleeping the deep sleep of utter weariness on the bare floor of an old Spanish tower in the island of Cuba. The one with hi* head resting In the angle of the wall, and a newly-healed scar showing white upon his sunburnt forehead, .was Charles P. Marshall, an American Journalist on the vtaff of a paper which ■upported the cause of the Cuban Insur gents, and indeed of revolutionaries all the world over, with the ui.ual vigour of a transatlantic journal. He bad made part of a campaign with the Insurgents, in search of accurate details, which he had got, more in fact than he cared about ; and eventually, together with his companion, Don Jaime de La Corta, a leading revolu tionary, fell into the bands of the Spantoh authorities when the troops stormed Lagu nitas entrenchments. " Ola companero, wake up—lt Is. already dawn." With these words ringing in his ears, the American raised himself stiffly on ono elbow apd gazed sleepily about him. Then memory came back with a pang, and as his eyes fell upon the set face of La Costa he realised that this was the last time either would wake from sleep, for both lay under the sentence of death. By degrees the gray light grew clearer, until at length a single goldon beam stream ing through the narrow window quivered upon the rough masonry ; and dragging himself towards the barred, opening, for he was acting in every limb, Marshall looked 'out upon the sunrise—the last sunrise he would ever sea. Beneath him lay broad fields of sugar cane, rolling away in lush green wave* before the morning breeze. towards. a wall of misty mountains which rose against the eastern Bky. Here and there flat-topped, white-walled qulntas nestled among groves of orange and ulspero trees and br<W leaved bananas ; while the faint air vtiat entered the cell saemed cooled with dew and heavy with tho fragrance of flowers. "Under the feathery palms which fringed th 9 broad highroad, the white dust lay. moiat and still, and out of their blue-green shadow came the tinkling of mule bells and a clear voice cbattlng the chorus of a vintage song ; while the merry laughter of children echoed across the wet sword-blades of the sugarcane. The American ground his heels into tho boards. The world seemed very good that morning—a place of light and sunshine ; and yet before the rising sun had crossed the meridian he, now so full of life, would be fluug like a dog into a shallow trench, amid bubbling quicklime—and he shud dered at the thought. "That ia what you get for interfering in other people's troubles—yellow fever, rlfk of drowning, r. wound when the troops stormed the trenches, and cow—ugh—a white wall and a firing party," be mut- tered, half-aloud ; and La Costa, who was proud of his knowledge of English -or rather American—answered : " Al», ray frent, it 1b the fortune of war —all the same in fifty year—and we die in a good cause." Even then Marshall could not but admire the soldierly grace of his companion, us th» latter Hung his arms above his heaJ. show ing his broad cheat ar.il lung straight lhnbs —a flue type- of the pld Spanish bipod, J. 140 American thought • aud he tried to smile' in reply. . • . But it was an unaatiefactory ghost- of a' ■mile, for tho journalist had ■no desire to* dfe Just then—in a good cause, or other wise. Eesidca, havbg aeeu the Spanish troops, mostly poor hill peasants, torn from tbelr hoinea by a nilhless conscrip tion, dying like files in pestilential swamps, and dropping out of the ranks in scores on every scorching march to die by the wayside, yet bearing starvation aud slckueas with heroic fortitude ; he was by no meaas so sure as he was in the beginning that the revolutionary party monopolised the virtues of courage and endurance. Neither was he so absolutely convinced of the good ness of the caiiße. After all, he thought, La Costa was right ; it would be all tho same in fifty years, " ready, present, fire," a well-directed volley, the sting of a bullet —and afterwards darkness and oblivion. Then the fear came that it might not be a well-directed volley ; for he had seen come ghastly sights that campaign ; men, half slain by the bungling aim of recruit bat talions, done to death by rifle butt or bayonet thrust. Anyway, there was ro escape now ; he must make the best of it, and if the insurgent could take things philosophically he would too. Presently the Cuban also approached the window, and, pointing to a distant hillside where tall palms rose clearly against the morning blue, observed : "There are our friends, the Martinez column. It is not far, and yet they do not know—and to-day we die. Ay de mi I" After this came silence, and, for what seemed hours and hours, the American sat with his head in his hands, until there was a hammering at the door, and a Spanish soldier stood on the threshold, beckoning with his finger. Their time had come'; and, pulling himself together, Marshall stepped out into the glare of tropic sun light. Half a company of .Casadores Canarlos, conscripts from the, volcanic rocks of Teu eriffe and Grand Canary, marched in front with mixed bayonets, and half a company followed behind, the nickel buttons of their dull-green uniforms and the brass medal lions on their clumsy kepis glinting In the •un. When they reached the little town, the narrow street* lay baking ia-fervent heat. A cloud of hot dust, stirred up by the tread of marching feet, powdered the Caza . dores, turning their green to gray ;• and every flat azotea roof and narrow sidewalk was crowded with white-clad citizens, all revolutionaries at heart, who scowled at the Spanish troops from beneath their broad-brimmed hats. The aunlight flashed back from slippery stones and white walls, and Marshall pushed his battered straw hat down on his fore head to shut out the dazzling brightness and the eager gaze of the crowd ; but La Costa drew his crimson sash tighter round his ragged garments, and swung his costly Panama to the ground, as a low murmur of sympathy and pity rosd from the spec tators, while the eyes of the women grew dim, and many a swarthy Cuban felt a choking in his throat. Then the murmur changed into • fierce growl of hate and defiance, and the crowd pressed forward, their hands upon the hafts of their long knives. A hoarse voice raised the cry. " Viva la Cuba ! Viva La Costa ! Viva lot Ame ricano* !" and it echoed from man to man down all the winding street, until the list less air seemed full of the sound ; but the front rank of the Cazadorea swung tbelr bayonets to the charge, and the march went on. Steadily the line of bright bayonet* and dull green uniforms pressed on between rows of stern faces and pitying eyes, past gardens filled with fragrant flowers, and booths piled high with luscious fruit. At last, in front of the Alcalde's house, where the Spanish flag hung In drooping folds of blood and gold, a creaking mule-cart lum bered across the way, and the perspiring troops halted to let it pass. Then, with Spanish courte*y, the crowd opened up, and a woman came forward, followed by a dark-haired little girl, carry ing a heavy vase of wine and a bouquet of heliotrope. As the child passed- be tween the soldiers, a sergeant thrust his rifle-barrel in her way, but a young lieu tenant put it aside with his sword, and smiled do\jn upon her us she went fearlessly forward, and, lift ing her olive-tinted face, handed La Cost* the wine. The Cuban took it from her and stood bareheaded in the fierce sunlight, a pic turesque scarecrow of a man, unkempt and ragged, but with the grace of Old Castile showing In every movement. Then, after touching the vase with (his lips, he passed It. to Marshall, and picking the child up. Ktised her on either cheek as he took the flowers from the Mttle brown hand. 11 Pobre La Costa, >pobre Americano, dele uno tambien (give him one too)," she said, and placing her gently on the ground again, with a " Oraclas, nina mla," he smiled a* (he handed the American a spray of the scented blossom. ■Marshall felt hl3 eyelids quiver, and a kind of gasping sob rose frcm the crowd ; but at a sharp word of command the dusty troops moved forward down the winding street. A cracked bell began to toll, and as Its harsh vibrations rose on the heated air, a deep silence fell on the spectators, the Jingle of arms and tramp of heavlly-*hod feet sounding (hollow and strange. " It is the good priests of Santa Marta ; they say the maos for our rest," said La Costa quietly to his companion, crossing himself as ho spoke. By-and-by tihe troop* swung out into'the wide sualit PU-ja, where, at the (head of a scanty battalion of Caaadores, a little stout eolouel of iufantry waited their coming. "Stand the dogs there.—You have tea minutes to make ready, and then you die. First you shall see where you lead your followers,'' wa3 all ho said In answer to Marshall's protests that he was an Ameri can citizen, and the two were rudely thrust back. The scene was a striking one. Three double lines of Cajcadarua formed the sides of a hollow square, the front rank fAoin£~ .outwards .towards' the restleSs crowd, ihe rear' turning inward* with rifles at the shoulder. A seething mob surged to and fro beyond. Every flat housetop swarmed ■with spectators, while- against the white wall of the church cf Sauta Martj, which formed the fourth Bide of the square, ,stocd four ragged peasants with kandk'erchiefa bound round their eyes, whose crime might have been the destroying of bridges: or possibly tlhe supplying cf starving fugitives with food and shelter. Every weathered tile, and the gray house-leeks along the red roof, stood out with sharpness against the azure. The intense Bunlight lit up every detail of the stalued white clothing of the trembling wretches who waited their end, the lofty cross over the gable of iho church throwing a block shadow upon the hot flags at their feet. " Curs© that bell—will It never cease ?" said the officer a» the monotonous Jarring note filled the Plaza with Its vibrations. Then La Costa turned towards the crowd, but before he could speak, a sergeant smote him in the face wltji the .hilt cf this sword bayonet and the blood flowed fruni his mouth. An angry cry and a 'hiss broke from Iho mob, and'they surged wildly forward, snatching out their knives, only to rcoll again before the flashing line of steel as the Cazadores bayonet* came down at the charge to the level of their breasts. Now the time had come, and there was no possible escape, the American felt all hesi tation drop from him, and, like one In a dream, watched the troops who formed the third side of the square unfixing bayonets *nd bringing their rifles to the hip. Pre sently a low arched door opened in the wall of the church, and as the odour of incense drifted out, mingled with the sound of the organ, a priest in his vestments stepped forth from the shadowy Interior *nd strode towards the colonel. "Stop—ln the name of the Church—it is sacrilege—and thou ahalt do no murder," he said fearlessly ; but the plump colonel only laughed, cruelly answering : " I do Juatlce and not murder," thea turning aside disdainfully gave the order : "Take that man away." Two Cazadores forced the indignant padre back, and a great hurt fell on the crowd. Breathing hard, Marshall listened to the sound of the chanting and the dr<>ne of the organ, while the harsh tones of the bell grated on his quivering nerves. Then the rifle barrels flashed in the sunlight and came home to ttte shoulder with a rattle— the colonel dropped his sword point, and a voice called " Tlra !" A crackle of red flame blazed out, fol lowed by the crash of a volley as the rifle muizle* jerked upwards, and a heavy wreath of blue smoke rolled across the faces of the crowd. Marshall felt the blood stand still in his veins, and for a moment dared not turn his head. Wihen he did •o, he aaw one of ihe peasants fallen on bis knees tearing with both hands at his •ide. Two of his comrades lay face down wards on the hot flags, motionless heaps of Uttered clothing ; and a fourth, with the blood trickling from him, and bis face gray like aches, leaned back against the wall, his (head slowly drooping forward, and his limbs quivering beneath him. A howl of rage like the snarling of a pack of wolves, a cry of deadly hate that boded little good to the oppressors when their turn came, rose from the mob, and Marshall saw the stout colonel shudder as lie listened ; but the glittering wall of steel met them, turn which way they would, and they stamped and fumed in 'impotent fury. The American lost hils head with horror and indignation, and In the most powerful Spanish he could muster cursed the colonel before all his men, concluding : " Brutes— cold-blooded murderers of unarmed men ! A civilised nation cannot look on and see (helpless peasants propped against walls and shot like wild beasts. Wait a little, and you will hear the roar of American guns, anil see the Stars and Stripes over Havana and Matanzas !" A yell of " Brave Americano !" rose from the frantic mob ; but the colonel looked on unmoved. " What does he say ?" he asked a lieutenant. •• Ah, tt is «o. All the Eng lish are mad, and most of the Americans, too." Biting (his lips, the Journalist lapsed into ■Hence, feeling that at last he could under stand desperate men using dynamite with awful effect on crowded troop trains, and •when a sergeant of Cazadores gripped his shoulder, he turned upon the man -so fiercely that, unarmed as he was, the soldier dropped his hand. Then the colonel pointed with his sword, and Marshall closed his eyes when he heard a hoarse voice say : " Two Illee" forward and finish the dogs," and 1n spite of bis own peril he turned sick and faint as he heard a long-drawn "Ah V rise from the crowd, and the sharp clash of bayonets against the stones—he knew what it meant, for he had seen such thingi before. Side by side the two men walked forward at a signal from an officer, and when they turned in front of the church, a sergeant came forward with cloths in bis hand, but the Cuban waved him back. " Good-bye, my friend. We have fought a good fight together—and to-day we rest side by side—it is well," said La Costa, as after the manner of the Spaniards he threw his arm round the American's shoul der, then took the place pointed out. With dry lips and parched throat, Mar shall drew himself up and glanced at the Insurgent, who stood bareheaded In the sunlight, erect and proud, holding the flowers lightly in his hand, and his eyes filled aa La Costa caught his look and smiled. Then, with defiance in his gaze, he turned and faced the rifles. There was a clicking of levers, and the empty shells rattled out upon the stones—the breach blocks closed with a clatter, and for a few moments there was a harrowing pause, while the troops waited the word to fire. Suddenly Marshall felt the blood stir madly~n every pulsing artery, for above the continuous drone of the organ a rattle of rlflery rang out. somewhere behind tho town, followed by. a sound he know ho well, toe continual " riprap, rip-rap," of repeaters. - - " Winchester rifles, thank heaven !" ho shouted aloud. "Must be the Martinez column ;" then his voice broke off sud denly, for he remembered that In a few minutes more it would matter little to him whether tho Insurgent, forces arrived or not. A confused murmur rose from the crowd, which swayed to and fro like the waves of a sea ; then there was a great clat tor ing of hoofs down the stony street, and pre sently two mounted ofllcer3 broke through the mob, striking right and left with the flat of their swords to clear a passage, and reined in their lathering horses by the colonel's side. A bugle-call echoed through the Plaza ; tho square of green uniforms broke up and swung round, changing into a long line of fours ; and while the astonished prisoners tried to collect their scattered senses the last files of the Cazadores swung out of the Plaza at the double, and, their foot falls growing fainter and fainter, disap peared down a narrow street. i Marshall rubbed his eyes to sco if he were asleep, but there was no mistaking the ceaseless rattle of the Winchester repeaters, smuggled ovor from the United States for the use of the rebels, or the feeblo return fire in the deeper report of the Spanish rifles. Then a great shout rose from the crowd : " Viva ia Cuba !—Viva la revolu clon !" It was all so strange and sudden that, now the porll was past, the American felt as weak as a child, and dropped 1 Imply against the wall, hardly daring to believe his ears, and looking about with vacant eyes. A Bcantlly-dresßed, sun-browned peasant woman crept softly forward, and, throwing herself down on the scorching stones, rocked to and fro over a crlmison-stalned face which lay still and white upon her lap, and an swered neither word nor sigu to her despair ing cries and bitter tears. A priest came out of the shadowy door way, and touching her shoulttor, lifted the woman gently to her feet, while a proces sion of dark-robed_ c^srlcs carried their silent burdens away", the crowd opening.up and standing bareheaded as they passed, and Marshall shivered as a woman's piercing shrieks rang in bis ears. Presently tbo distant soun of marching feot rose from the streets beyond, drawing steadily nearer and nearer, to a running accompaniment of Vivas ! and shouts" of delight, until it swelled into the measured "tramp, tramp." of a large battalion, mingled with the clash of steel shcathn and the jingle of arms. At last the enthusiastic mob split up, and amid bursts of cheering, the head of the lusurgent column swung into the Plaza through a rolling cloud or dust. On they came, four by four, and company by com pany—swarthy, sun-scorched men, ragged and tattered, powdered with dust and grimed with smoke; line after line of broad-brimmed Panama hats and red aahes defiling out of the narrow streets ; and as the ragged companies wheeled Into line across the broad Plaza th« Ajnerlcan could hardly repress a smile at the ourlous collection of arms. Some carried Winches ter repeaters, some Spanish military rifles, others breech-loading shotguns, or single barrel muzzle- loaders ; while a few had no thing but a big cavalry sabre belted round their waist. The journalist knew, how ever, that although appearances were by no means in their favour, this same battalion had beaten the best of the Spanish troops In the open field. Meanwhile there was a pandemonium of laughing, shouting, and cheering, for, -with true Spanish versatility, the feelings of the citizens had changed from horror and hatred to .the wildest merriment and en thusiasm. An eager crowd drove forward along the face of the line, thrusting bunches of luscious fruit and vases of wine before them, as they struggled to be first with their gifts ; and poor peon labourers gaily invested their last centimo in copitas _de_. cana, and only laughed when the swaying of the mob spilled the liquor from the quaint cylindrical glasses before they could reach the side of the thirsty soldiers. At last the leader, with his toes sticking through the end of his -worn-out .shoes, strode forward, pushing aside the enthusi astic group who forced their gifts and at tentions on La Costa and the American, grasped their hands, saying, " Comrades, I salute you," and caught the Insurgent ia his arms. Afterwards the journalist was heartily glad to withdraw with him for rest and shade Into the cool patio of the Alcalde's house, that worthy having been ejected with scant ceremony. That night a banquet was spread beneath the broad leaves of the bananas in the wide patio, and though there was not much to eat—there never is in the track of marching troops—there was abundance of wine, the splash of fountains, and the scent of jasmine and heliotrope. La Costa and the American, occupied the place of honour, but amid all the wild merriment, the shrieks of the poor peasant woman, as she saw her murdered husband carried away, rang in Marshall's ears ; and he shuddered at the ruddy wine, for his nerves were shaken, and the ghastly scene In the Plaza rose up before him in all Its grim details. It does tso yet at times, in the silent watches of the night. l*dy Soott was not poetic*! by nature. Sir Walter was talcing a walk with her on* fine morning when they passed a field where ft number of ewes were enduring the frolics of their lambs. " Ah," exclaimed Sir Wal ter, "no wonder the poets from the earliest a^es have made the lamb the emblem of peace and Innocence !" "They are indeed delightful animals," replied H« wife, "espe cially with mint *auce." 