CHAPTER XLVII.-ELYSIUIM. Quick to think and to act, Lord Crawfleld knew that he was cornered-that there was not a ghost of a chance for the success of his scheme of making Elsie Sterne his wife. He could not understand how he had been so cleverly hoodwinked, or how the lman he knew as Castlemon had escaped from the well. And here was Sir John Sterne, whom he had believed to be dying thousands of miles away-here he Vas back at Blairwood, and apparently in improving health. "I-owe this to Grant, curse him!" he thought. "I understand his warning now? He has beaten me with my own weapons. If I ever meet him again, it is his life or mine!" "'My lord," Captain Campbell said, "I will not now press you for the payment you promised, and I give you credit for knowing in your own mind that I was not Castlemon, but Harry Campbell. (When I betrayed my knowledge that you were a murderer, I knew that you would try to kill me,.and was prepared for you. The man upon whom you in tended to shift the crime was present, and saved me from the well. I do not know if it Is Sir John's intention .to punish you for drugging and kidnapping his daughter, but while forgiving you for assaulting me, I intend informing the police of what I saw in the Park on the night that Zeba's cottage- was de stroyed." "Your accomplice, Grant, has fled," re marked Sir John. "I would advise you to do the same. You are a vonne mTr";, cle*ver.' , and of l- e highest social rank, but your future Is blasted by your own wicked and unscrupulous mind. `hough you richly deserve it.'it would be Inexpressibly.palnful to have your agony. intensified by a-weary trial before a gaping crowd, and we agree to give you twenty-four hours in which to leave the country you have disgraced and dis honored." "As much to escape an expose of your own scandal as lenience towards me." Sneered the abject wretch. "There Is no scandal in Sir John's life," Interrupted the clergyman. "I am the man who conducted the ceremony which made Miss Sterne's mother a legal wife* You have been imposed upon in every Way." 'There was a touch of sarcasm in iMr Lawson's tones, and with a fierce impre cation Lord Crawfleld turned and hur ried away-out of their lives for ever, with Kemp, the pompous butler, and his valet following close behind. Wh-it terms they made with him for services rendered will never be known. Meanwhile, Lady Helena had fainted. and recovered at least half a dozen times. The expected annuity had melted away, and she did not at all relish the manner in which Sir John regarded her. 'At last she fell sobbing at his feet, and was told to leave flalrwood Park that very day. 1').1,I "You shall not face:the world penat lesn," Sir John,said; ."but I will not have tone element of- dlcor'd" under 7mi- roof an instant longer than Is necessary,:Go to some hotel or just wherever you please, and I will send you a cheque for five hundred Pounds. After that I wash my hands .of" you, ungrateful woman that-you are!" The party left the church and entered the carriages that had returned from the Blairwood Arms, and so great was the joy upon every face that any passing stranger would have vowed that there had been a happy wedding. At the last moment, however, Noel ex pressed a desire to walk wtith Elsie to the Park rather than ride, because the exercise and the sweet, fresh air would help to banish the lingering effects of the narcotic that still clung to her system. Upon this Annette suggested that she should ride on the box beside Stretton. She did not mind it a bit-in fact, she would enjoy it. The requests of the young people were smilingly granted, and, when they were alone Noel caught Elsie to his breast in a mad. passionate embrace. "Oh, my darling." he said, "I can hardly believe that all this Is real yet! But yesterday we were in darkness and pain, and now Heaven itself is opened a to us, and we are bidden to enter." She answered him with a kiss and a happy sigh, and they walked together, I clinging tightly all the way until they 1 came to the embowered lawn, which Noel called the "Court of Love." Again did they recount all that was beautiful in the past, but the most bliss- ' tul moments that memory retalled paled g before' the exquisite joy of the shining present. C Though the reader may anticipate 1 pretty accurately what became of the s people who have played their parts in this story, lie or she would feel a little 4 dissatisfied if the author neglected to chronicle the actual facts in black and s white. so I will gather up the threads and lay them before you. Lord Crawfleld took the advice of Sir 1 John, and fled to the Continent: but, not , in accordance with Sir John's advice, he was breathing vengeance against Grant. s wihomi he still believed had duped him. , Though he searched for the lawyer , for many weeks, lie met him at last ac- t cidentally, to be shot dead on the instant by the manll honl he was seeking. There was no malice or premeditated intent to kill in the lawyer's act. He was simply frenzied, by fear, after being chased over Europe by a man who had sworn to take his life. Then Grant dis appeared, none knew whither.. The blow was a severe one to tie pride of his wife and stepdaughter; but Ade line Cleveland consoled herself by mar rying an aged and Impecunious lord, who gave to her the shelter of a digni fled name in lieu of ready cash. The gentlemanly 'Mr Kemp was forced to leave Blairwood somewhat hastily. To his disgust, he was paid Ills claim against William Stretton in full, and saw Iris hated rival reinstated as head gamekeeper. Then the banns were read at church by the clergyman, and there was so much malice in his heart that a little of it bubbled from his mouth. This reachedl the ears of peoplue who had had reason to dislike him, and upon the very day that Stretton and Annette were married the gentlemanly MIr Kemp was tarred and feathered by a few who had feasted not wisely but too well. Ile fled, and never came back again. Meanwhile Sir John had.adjusted his accounts with the readjustment of his mind. the result being that an accumu lation due to his sister.amounting to up wards of a hundred thousand pounds, was transferred in a proper and legal manner and to the satisfaction of all parties, with the reservation that he de ducted every fraction of the money paid to Captain Campbell when he was known as James Castlemon. This was Insisted upon by the captain himself, who settled down as a model husband, and industriously employed himself to the shrewd investment of his.wife's un expected wealth. \- n .tlls while Noel had been work !ng stave n11y;, London and Blairwood Park., In five months he had painted half-a dozen portraits, and the picture thiat was to make his fame and fortune had been accepted by the Academy. With this great news he arrived unex pectedly at the Park one morning, and Sir JohTs greeted him with a merry laugh. "Here again!" he said. "'Noel. my boy, I think that you had better set up your studio here. If you :are not con sumed with impatience to-go in search of Elsie. I would like to say a few words to you." "I am listening, uncle; but pray don't be long. I have grand news myself. tMy last picture Is accented, and I--" "Well. well! I will be brief. You and Elsie are to be married next month, and as all this will be yours and hers one day, you must not take my ewe lamb away from me. I am an old man-much older than my years, and I want a young head and strong hands to help me in the management of my estate. - I love [isie, even as much as you do-in a dif ferent way. I love you lad, because-" Tears gathered in his eyes, and Noel grasped his hands. "Uncle," he said, "your will is our law in these things. I should hate to take my darling away from you, and nothing will please us better than-" "Better than what?" .interrupted El sie, suddenly entering the room, her face r?adiantly lovely with the great hIppi ness that had come into her life. " Why, nothing will please us better than to make our home here after we are married, sweetheart," Noel conclud ed, laughingly, as hlie kissed her blush ing face. "It'is papa's wish, darling." Elsle ran to her father's arms and kiss ed him fondly, saying: -"I never want to leave you, dear papa-never!" S"Only-for a little while. You must have a nice 'loneymoon," he smiled, "And that reminds me that there is a big box of wedding presents for you from Captain Parker and his wife. Now that I am satisftied I will leave you to your love-making. I see that Ir Law son is coming across the lawn." Sir Johnleft them togther to that in effable bliss which the true and the tried only know. \- (The End). 