SPORTING NOTES. The Turf. The following officers were elected at the annual meeting of the Kalgoorlie Racing Club for the ensuing year:— President, Mr F. Hare, R.M.; vicepresidents, Messrs H. G. Parsons, P. Whelan, J, J. Wilkinson, E. B. Pell, and R. L. Hair; committee, Dr Gibson, Messrs J. J. Burgess, Clive Smith, E. H. Lewis, C. Clark, H. N. Tinley, C. H. Biddle, K. Brougham, T. P. Whitford, H. Urquhart, G. Kennedy, E. J. Roberts, H. C. Autill, C. S. Stafford, H. D. Pell; secretary, Mr C. Cutbush (re-elected); treasurer, Mr J. A. Wilson (re- elected). During the afternoon at Canni 6 Park, on Foundation Day, the sum n £3,077 was invested in the grandstand enclosure half-sovereign totalisator, representing 6,154 tickets sold. The sum of £101 was put through the ladies' half-crown totalisator, and over £300 went through the " flat" totalisator, aggregating a total sum of chse upon £3,500, upon which the Canning Park proprietary reap a commission of 10 per cent, so that, with the large attendance, the meeting should prove a very profitable one. Mr R. A. Sholl has a three-year-old filly by Escutcheon from Diplomacy, who was a daughter of Neckersgat, which he intends to have brought up out of the paddock, where she has been running for some months. The youngster is bred well enough to win the W.A. Derby, and the Perth Cup afterwards. Mr A. E. Cockram recently disposed of the two-year-old filly Malwa, by Malua—Chakwa, to Mr J. Drummond, of Dandaragan, for £70. Mr Drummond till lately raced Creesy, winning a double with that mare at the Dandaragan R.C.meeting in March last. A rumor is current to the effect that Oceana, the dam of Newhaven, has prematurely produced a pledge of affection to Correze, through having slipped into a creek. It is to be hoped that this report is without foundation, as Mr Craven, the present owner of Oceana, has been looking forward to tbe possession of a foal bred on similar lines to Newhaven, and would necessarily be greatly disappointed. One morning at the end of last month Hindoo bled freely from the nose after doing a strong gallop. Mr Hordern's little black horse has bled before on several occasions, and as be has already proved himself a racehorse, it is hard to tell how good he might have been but for this weakening ailment. The Bandmaster gelding Blucher, who was among the winners at the last Q.T.C. races, is said to equal for ugliness anything in the thoroughbred line. One description says he is a monstrous, long-backed, thick-necked, bleary-eyed specimen of the noble ftniffl^wlth'-sfeet like soup plates, hjte quality being that beti^i gallop. " ' ^ „ The Hon. ThomaV ;R®i6jr!^/k}ipgosed1 to possess one of the jri&t;, two-yearJ^ds in Tasmania in the toraOtiraJookinjj^ ! Sentinel, by Arsenal—Kkte^/-t ' While not forgetting Trent's wellwon double, and Key's brilliant achievement, honors of the afternoon at Flemington on Queen's Birthday, were perhaps with Larrikin. Honest old " Larry " shouldered that big load as though a stone or two one way or the other made no difference to him. He always kept tbe leaders in sight, and jumped everything that crossed his path without putting a foot wrong. The strength of the opposition was, of course, reduced by accidents during the chase, but that should not detract an atom from the credit due to the winner. It was a truly grand performance, and it did true sportsmen's hearts good to see tbe gallant horse answering the stoat question put to him. A colonial idea was introduced at Liverpool on the occasion of the Grand National Steeplechase. Numbered saddlecloths were used, and the public greatly appreciated the innovation. The Error, who was killed on May 20 while doing a gallop on his owner's (Mr J. B. Harry) course at Maryborough, Victoria, was a three-year-old, got by the defunct son of Albany— Oudies, from a mare by the once .wellknown Riverina sire, Teddington. The Error was bred at the Berry Jerry stud, and was a fair performer. Mr Bignold, of Loch Rosqne, has at last lost, by death, bis old hill pony Hamish. What might have been his actual age is doubtful, but Mr Bignold bought him in 1864 (October), after he had done duty for three years in the Gairloch .coach, previously to which he had for three years carted the seaweed op the cliffs of Loch Carron. In 1885 he carried home the muckle hart of Corrie Bog, whose clean weight was over 20 stone. There is a growing tendency to denounce the idea of going too far back into the pedigrees of our racehorses. A well-known English authority, in commenting on this subject, says, with much point:—" The Tu.ks aud Barbs are so very remote that in the degrees of longevity in man compared with the horse it would be like tracing red hair or Homan noses to the Gonquest, or at any rate, to Edward the Fourth." T. Cunningham has been disqualified for 12 months for his suspicious handling of Cornet in the S.T.C. Hurdle Race. He finished a long way frora Pat. The owner, being dissatisfied with the riding, put Phillips up on the second day, and the horse ran an excellent race, only being beaten in the last 100 yards. The stewards thereupon held an inquiry into Saturday's running with the above result. Delaware had been performing so indifferently lately that his run-away win of the S.T.C. Birthday Cup came as a complete surprise, 100's to 3 and 4 being easily obtainable. The son of Trenton was in command going out of the straight, and at the mile post had a two lengths break. Even then his victory was anticipated, and there were cries of " What price Delaware ?" At the bend Delaware was still sailing along in great style, while the only others who had a ghost of a chance were Talavera and Glendennon. They finished in that order, with Projectile, who started a 5 to 1 favorite, fourth. While galloping with Rebel Queen on the morning of May 22 on the sand track at Randwick, Toreador fell very heavily. His rider sustained a fracture of the left arm, which, however, does not appear to be very serious, as the lad makes light of the injury, and moves about in good spirits. Captain Webster, son of St. Albans and Pussy, died recently at Wiaton, N.Z. He was bred by Mr Field in Tasmania, and taken to New Zealand when a yearling in company with Hyacinth (St. Albans—Black Bess.) The ancient hurdle racer, Blackthorn, who paid an unsuccessful visit to Victoria a couple of years ago, scored a decent win over the small sticks at Elwick (Tas.) recently. Blackthorn % by Townley, and is in Mick Doyle's stable. |W. Miller, who recently purchased TRftdladeen on behalf of a West Australian sportsman, intends to leave Sydney for Perth at an early date. He is negotiating for the purchase of another good horse to accompany Fadladeen. At Hughenden recently the owner of a three-year-old named Opera was " cornered" for inconsistent running. This owner is, however, a gentleman of influence on the Northern turf, with a large clientele; and giving him the lenient sentence of two months' disqualification, the stewards made a scape- goat of the friendless jockey, and sent the lad down for two years, a sentence that, when it comes before the N.Q.R.A., will surely not be confirmed as it stands. The chanceB are, indeed, that the owner and the horse will have to do the two years, while the agent is let off with two months. It would be interesting to hear the Hughenden stewards' reasons for treating the boy's offence as exactly twelve times more heinous than that of his employer. Benecia Boy is a most unfortunate horse. Some time ago at Canning Park he ran a dead heat with Trio, and he has since run a number of seconds. On Tuesday he was beaten (after striking a hurdle) by only half a head in the Hurdle Race, and the finish was terribly severe. Two hours afterwards Mr Kirby's horse was saddled up again, and Mando, whom he easily defeated in the Hurdle Race, joined him in a desperate finish in the Brush Steeplechase, and, well served by a light weight, Mr Firebrace's horee "dead heated" with him for first honors. The owners wisely decided to divide. Mr Loughlin, owner of Goldspur, now says he has not the least intention of bringing the crack New Zealand sprinter to Melbourne. War and the chase (says the " Spectator ") are the ultimate objects of which the Commission on Irish Horse Breeding has lately been hearing the evidence of experts on both sides of the Channel.' The Irish owners desire to raise a class of horses, the best of which can be sold at a high price for hunting, while the rest pay their way as cavalry remounts. How best to combine these objects the co^ajfftCfpe .""'Wall have to decide. it is agreed, proiiui'e jjje stocfe'tafletXkely to make good lippttftho'\lghMie " hackney " is in^ffefrq® >wtt ffi)me breeders of «^wy4lQrses,~ Jjafcervery ri tittle doubt thafc^W' these are the more *iit^ly'' tliey*' are to stand the rough work of war. The modern heavy cavalry horse has to carry a total weight, made up of man, harness, and equipment, of 20st— 2801b—and the light cavalry horse a weight of 17st. He is expected, if required, to march thirty miles in one day, and to be able to do his work on the next. Bought in Ireland at three years old,-he is two years in training, and spends four years in the ranks as his average time of active service. It is very possible that if the type of cavalry horse were bigger it would last longer. But the modern animal is a compromise between the needs of the service and tbe price which Government can afford. There is no such contrast now as formerly between the great war horse, especially bred to carry the man in armor, and the "natural" war horse, bred for speed, endurance, and to carry a man armed only with sword, spear, and shield. 