PEDLAR'S PACK. f By AuTOLYcmJ 1 PARLIAMENT will re open in Sydney next week after the Convention adjournmnnb, with the Prämier once more in command ; and wo may ex- pect things to be pretty lively till the end of the session, if not of the present Parliament. Should the Council throw ont the Validating Lind and Income Tax Bill, Mr. Reid may find himself in a bit of a fix as Treasurer, and it is possible that the appeal to the country,' which will have to be made in due course next August1, will come much earlier. Ab any rate, the electora ; should prepare, and not be caught napping. I have not much sympathy with the man who growls about the character of our Parliamentary in- stitutions and of the members who represent the country and yet never takes the trouble to see if his name is on the electoral roll, or to have it put there io case ib baa been left ofi. Very often, when somebody else has had hil name put on for him, bo neglects to vote. Even if you were to take him to the poll, it would in many cases be necessary to go into the booth with him and see that he voted properly in order to make sure that he did net reader bia voting paper informal by some foolishness. But this is very properly nob permitted by the law, and a man must look out for himself in voting as in other matters. Those who do nob are unworthy cf the franchise, and have no rifchb to com- plain if they are misrepresented in Parliament. * The Municipal Conference in Sydney last week filled to soma ex- tent the void causea by the adjourn- ment of the Convention. lb was notable for ab least one important political utterance. Mr. Reid attended and announced that before the disso- lution of the present Parliament a special session would be held and devoted entirely to the passage of the much-needed new Local Government Bill, which Premiers have been pro- mising the country for the pasb 30 yeara or more. This would indicate that the Premier does not expecb ta dissolve Parliament until ib expires by effluxion of time ; but, as I have hinted in the previous paragraph, he may find himself compelled to do BO by the obstinacy of tho Council. Il is to bo boped, however, that Mr Reid will be able to carry oub hit intention of holding this epecia session and passing a measure bestow ing the wide powers of local govern ment which he expressed himself ai being in favor of. Soch a measnn would be even more valuable to thi neglected Western district thai Federation ; bob it eeoms as Ion« coming. lb is one on which there neei ! ba no party contest, and if any ono o its principles was in dispnte it cool* be submitted to the electors at th general election which would folloi the special session. * According to Mr. Kingston, " Slov and sure" is the motto of the Federa Convention. We are, in short, al " prudent Federalista" now. Pradeño is no doubt a great vit tue ; in fact none of tho three cardinal virtues ar of much avail withGub ita qualifyinj leaven. Still, it may be carried to far ; and I am afraid that the Convex tiou will end in the setting np of ; Prudent Federation without authorit; or influence. Mr. Kingston tells u that there ia no need for haste ; am that, whether the work takes weeks o months, ib ought to be brought to conclusion by tho present Conventioi That may sait the delegates ver well j and perhaps in Eome instance the more weeks the better, as the will be drawing fees as long aa tl Convention sits. Bat I donobthinktht ' it was intended to make the Conventio extend beyond the two spécifie sessions whon tba delegates wei elected ; and if there is to be a thii session, ib ought to dissolve and git the people an opportunity ef electin fresh delegates. With the experiem now gained I nm confident tint much botter choice could be made. * * * The steel rails contract is occupyir. prominent attention in Sjfdney politic j circles ab present. The Goveromei bas entered into an agreement to pa I Mr. Joseph Mitchell £6 per ton fi rails manufactured in the colon whereas similar nils have been o tained from America ab £5 per to; Mr. Lyne, leader of the Oppositio: thereupon claims that this is protectic ia disguise, and complains that tl Premier is stealing bis political pr perties. Thore is no doubt thab tl contracb is equivalent to protectic as far as this particular industry concerned, and it has avowedly bei leb to encourage tho establishment steel works in tho colony. Bat frc traders aro not consistent any mo than protectionists, and they DA always maintained their right encourage the establishment of indi tries suitable to the country by givii bonuses to tho manufacturers lotting them Govcrnmonb conbracta i favorable terms. Tho attitude of t Sydney freetrade organs, however, ¡inconsistent. They cannot sea t taint of protection in this acb of ft Reid's ; bat if tho same thing had be done by Sir George Dibbs or Mr. Ly tbeir columns would have contain strong denunciations of it as iotrodi ing the thin end of tho wedge protection. * The name of Vaterland, os appl to Germany, has been changed by 1 European wits into Verbotenland, account of tho legend, Verbo ("Forbidden"), which now so frequently meeta the eye at the head of notices exhibited in public phces ia Germany. The difficulty is to know what is not forbidden, especially wheo referring to the Kaiser and his'methods. Even Englishmen and American?, who, fellowing national custom, have in- dulged too freely in commeuts on the conduct or policy of the authorities, have found themselves subjected to prosecution, and in some instances h»ve had to pay fines or undergo imprisonment. The editor of a German newspaper was actually imprisoned a shorb time ago for daring the question to title of " Great" "conferred on his crandfather, William I., by tbo present Emperor. Trnly, if William I. was Great," William II. is on the right road to earn the title of " Little." . rr, * * The progress of science is responsible for the disappearance oí many time honored beliefs and cherished tradi- tions. It no* appears that tho haunted house is doomed. The articles .in the London Times entitled "On the Trail of a Ghost" have shattered the réputations of ona or two show places in Greab Britain which were noted for remarkable and blood- curdling sounds ab the witching hour at night and other times. The Society of Psychical Research gravely investigated these sounds and took evidence which its members considered established their abnormal and extra mondäne character. One or two independent observers, however, by taking energetic measures, soon discovered the natural origins of the noises. In one instance a loft over the haunted room was broken into, and bats were discovered which would have been capable by their cries and movements of producing the weird Bounds heard by occupants of the room. Ic another case the floor was taken up, and immediately beneath there waa revealed a perfect plexus of bell wires, which hai been conducted by this route to différent parts of the house. When doors and windows were all closed, and every- thing still ab night, the wind, finding its way by whab channel it could, tn med this labyrinth of wires into an iE alian harp, whence issued the mysterious sounds by which sacccessive households had been scared. In a third instance the strange noise was due ta the intermittent flow of an under- ground fountain. And now we have Professor Milne, in his lectora on earthquakes, telling UB that the study of seismic Bounds in rocky strata hat been " the means of laying many ghosts and re-established the reputation ol country mansions " 