A STRANGE COMPANION. Dead men tell no tales. Humph! I know netter. Never believe such an absurd Assertion, madam;5' It was a tall,' thin gentleman, with a gloomy countenance, and a liat of the som- brero style, who made this remark- to me; an-1 he came upon me in 'the wood path, very much as though he had been a ghost. Of c-iurse, it was not consistent with the laws uf etiquette that he should speak, or tln't 1 should answer him, but I scarcely tii ink that if Mrs. Grundy herself should (Aiciuiitc-r in the woods, between post-oilice and farmhouse, a gentleman with such vyild eyes, and such a curious way of rolling them Riioni, that she would.think of anything but li'.iify ing him. Certainly I did not.' I at once agreed with the stranger, and Walked rather faster than before. " I trust you are not afraid of me, madam," said the stranger, noticing this huter fact. "I sincerely trust that my abrupt address has not alarmed you. I have been so long exiled from society that I scarcely know how to address its fair orna- tiieuts. I have no card 5 no matter. You're Hoi alarmed, madam V" I said I was not.. " As I saw you pass tlm spot where I lav trrifer the trees, madam, it si ruck- me that j-ou were exactly the person I desired to con- Side iir. 1 consequently hastened after you. Perhaps, too, I may have desired to warn Voii taat if you desire to be rid of a trouble some person, the very worst way is to kill hifn. yhut him up if you can ; chain hint in some black dungeon ; but don't kilHiim. If You do, you never can get- rid of him again »- -n-Ver, I assure you ; never.. You can lock 'and bar a living person out, but dead ones tomo to you in your most private rooins, and tt&rtd; at your bedside ivheli you wake in the ' -bight, sit at your, table, follow you where'-, ever you go." Here he looked over his shoulder, and 1 Siii i-luiitarily looked over mine. If you're jealous of anyone, madam, tl .;i't kill her, no, no, no 1 it's very foolish." " Nothing," I instantly agreed with him, " could be more foolish than to kill anyone." And I was glad to know he held to his belief, and hoped lie would continue to hold it until I reached the farmhouse of the Si. 11 1 ik irises. ' I am glad that we agree so well," said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm over this rou .h pathway?" f replied in a" voice that sounded to my own ears, like the bleating of a very meek young lamb, that, if he pleased, he must ex cuse me. I was obliged to hold up my dr 5S. He instantly assured me that my word was his law. " Before I made my grand mistake', I was known as Polite Patterson in the very ele gant circles in which I moved," he added;- " but' since that I've become a' recluse. It was a grand mistake. Yes, yes; I never should have kiiled him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek. . . . " You realize at ohce how very foolish it wa said the' tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero ; " but, yes — I killed him. I was very fond of her. Her name was Pamela Peyton, an heiress — that, ..however, was nothing to me. I loved her for herself, an I she sullied upon me until he caine ; and he was younger, handsomer, better than I. Ah 1 yes, much better, much better. A pat tern young man. Mothers begged their sons to imitate him ; arid I— well, . I confess madam, that besides being called Polite Pat terson, I had been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send rae away, I know, I know, and who encouraged him. Pamela liked me — poor Pamela — but I was driven away like a dog; and I saw. her walking with him, talking ivit h him. Once, yes, once I saw him kiss lier. At that moment something happened t:> my brain. I've never mentioned it lev an.- one, but I tell you now in cprifideri'ce. I heard it srivp. That is .how. I temporarily lost my judgment and killed Hiiri. Beg par don. Did I step oh your dress ?" I said—" Oh 1 no, riot all," in a much meeker bleat than the previous one. " Yes, yes. In my native town there is. e long street well shaded with trees, which is known as Long Road. One evening, justriir the gloaming, I saw him walking along it. I walked a little behind liim. On his little, finger was a ring — a diamond. I knew he. had nought it for her, that he would give i£ to her that night. I began to hate him as I never liated him before. I began to make my grand mistake, by believing that if he were dead, he would be out of. my. way. I carried in those days a knife. I drew it from its hiding place. It was sharp". It glittered in the light. 1 walked a . little faster. I was close behind him, but I h'ad trodden so softly that he had not heard me. He was humming a little tune, the tune of a French love song. The knife I plunged into his back, and stopped a note in the middle and completed my mistake." The vista of leafy shadow spread long be fore us, and I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said ; " a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, in the moonlight, and I heard him moan once or twice, and then gasp for breath. After awhile he was still. Then I stooped and touched him. How cold he was ! On the little finger of the hand, that had clutched a iuft of soft spring grass in his dying agonies, her ring glittered. It. looked up at me in the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rushed awav and left him lying there. No one vvtuld ever know that I had killed him. ' here do you think I iverit madam ? "i iglit to Pamela's house. I ha-d riot been for two months, but I strode straight he servant and into the passage. The wwas open. There were no lights in : >ora, but the moon fell across the floor, r and brighter than I had ev£r seen it ire. Near the window sat Pamela, but f ire I could speak, I saw |hat we were not ne. Someone had entered at the door villi me, and passed before me now, and ;:i< down beside her. It was the man I had j !i.-;t left dying in Long Road. I saw his sunny curls, his handsome face, the ring on his little finger. I saw him take the ring off and put it on her finger, arid as he turned ro do so. I saw the knife I had stabbed him with sticking out of his back, and saw that he was white and stiff as dead men are. I don't know any more about it. I don'tknow what I said. There was a trial in court, and a prison, and I saw him lying in a coffin, and. five minutes after sitting on a chair beside me. I've seen him ever since, just when I did not want to see him. For instance, novy. There he comes. Excuse me for leaving you. I used to be called Polite Patterson in my youth. I know I should escort you to your door ; but I can't introduce a dead man with a knife sticking out of his back to you — to any lady. Adieu." To my great relief he snatched off his sombrero, made a low bow, and dash id- avvay into the woods again ; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all mj life. in five minutes I met little Tommy Simp- kins driving home the cows, and in five minutes more, was safe within the farm house, where I narrated my adventure. " You've had a lucky escape," said Mrs. Simpkins. " I wonder you're alive. That's ' . the loony gentleman that lives in the hol low. He must have got away from the man that watches him. I believe he did kill a yonng man who cut him out with his girl tvyentv years ago, and he would have been hung, only they fonnd he was crazy. He was in an nsyjnm a long while, but his folks are yicli. arid they have him kept here now. I believe he's not dangerous, but he's rather strange." ;At the time, I considered this a 'mild de scription of Mr. Patterson, and thanked Heaven that I had escaped violence at the hands of my strange companion. 