T b re e O ddities! Op all the clashes in the animal kingdom the mammals are, one would have thought, clearly separated from thereat. Their method of bringing their progeny into this troublesome world and ot nourishing them to a condition of self* help is distinct from anything in the early life-h\>-toay of the birds, or fish, or iosects. But th 'ee members of the mammalia will always pazzie the ca6cal tor to the museum, say* a Globe correspondent. Judged by external evidence, the whale is a colossal fish; the bat and platypus are birds. D Naturalists as late as Ray classed the whale among fishes, end to the ocean voyager it certainly presents the Hah -like taper of bady, the forked tail, end the fins. But the anatomist knows a different tale. The " fin s " would under the X rays reveal articulated fingers, enclosed in a skio glove. The tail is forked, it is true, but it is set oo crosswise, and beats the water vertically, and not laterally as in a fish Probing deeper, we find a heart w rit four chambers and warm blood T'ibIi reproduce their species from eggs, which are extruded, and forthwith left to take tbeir chaace. Whales bear their calvc« in labor, sockle them for week*, and fi^bt desperately io their defence. If fith ever meet tbeir offspring, they, as likely as not, dine off them. Again, fish aerate their blood by means of gills, whereas the whale, like onrselreB, inhales pure air into its lungs. Bat if the whale is a mammal, it is, at least, marvellously adapted to she altered requirements of its adopted habitat. Its blowhole, which in boys* picture-books, emits vast pillars of water to the skies, closes automatically when the creature dives, to prevent the water Hooding the lungs. EqualJy worthy of remark are the vessels that retain the aerated blood, end enable the creature to remain below the surface for considerable periods. For its bulk, the whale is a wouderfully timid creature, and will often "s^und” at the slightest d/sfarbsuce. Coming to the bat, classed in the Bible (Dent. xir„ 18) among unclean birds, wo come to a mammal of a widely different type. Like the ghost of a dead bird, it flits about the twilight. Belon end AldTOvaodue both describe it a& a bird. Yet the b at in the air is of surely a mammal as is the whale in the deep. Only in its locomotion does it belie its class. Not that its flight ia, 6trictly speaking, birdlike; it resembles rather tbe progress of the bygone pteredactyie, the wingfingered monster of dead ages. In tbe neck are tbe seven vertebra that die* linguist the mammals, mouse and giraffe alike. From birds and reptiles, existing and extinct, the bat is inseparaby dirided by the two articulate con* dyles between the skull and spine. Moreover, it lacks the feathers of the bird class, on which account, perhaps, French folk call ft by the inaccurate epithet, “ bald mouse." But it is nowise connected with the mouse; and, so far from being bald, it is liberally clad in soft, downy fur. Third, and last, on the list, ietheduckmolc, or platypus of Australia, a grotesque combination that recalls that favorite pattime of ingenious children, yclept “ Bead, body, a^d legs." To the body of a large mole, N ature has playfully tacked on the bill and webbed feet of a duck, the skin of an oiter, the tail of a beaver. Its habits are of a piece witb its parfi. Like the mole, it buTrows ; dives and swims water bird, and lays eggs not unlike those of a reptile. Having hatched its young like a bird, it forthwith suckles them like the reasonable mammal that it is. L'ltlo wonder that such a monstrosity, aptly termed the lowest of existing mammals, and sob classed, with the echidna, as a monotreme, sbonW have puzzled travellers and naturalists* In all three of the beasts above named, be who will may see Nature's masterly adaptation of raw material to an end. Tbe indifferent will merely see a trio of puzzling animals, tiring out of tbeir element for the express purpose of confusing Sunday visitors lo tbe Natural History Museum._____________ . Capital for yadhtamcn, Case ape Beeb.- 