ST. PATRICK’S CATHEDRAL, MELBOURNE. OPENING SERVICE. A MEMORABLE CEREMONY MELBOURNE, Sunday. (BY WIRE.—FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) An event of a very important character, especially to the Roman Catholics of Victoria, was consummated with great pomp and cere mony in Melbourne to-day, when St. Patrick’s Cathedral, on Eastern Hill, was consecrated. It is the grandest sacred edifice in this part of the world, and now that it has been completed, excepting the towers and spires, it ia a work that can well be looked upon with pride by those aviso have been contributors to its erec tion, A Church’s 60 Years’ Growth. No religious body has had a footing in this colony for a very great period, and the history of the Roman Ontholio Clirirch in Vic toria dates back only about GO years, the first priest, the Rsv. P. G. Geoghegan, arriving in 1539, and establishing a small church at the corner of Elizabeth street and Little Collins street. In a feiv years bead-quarters were removed to the site on which the now old church of St. Francis stands at. tho inter section of Elizabeth and Lonsdale streets. Very littlo time was lost in erecting a bishopric here, and thongh "the population was very small Dr Goold was sent out a9 first bishop in 1848. Prior to that the friends of the church had looked out for a good chnreh site in the eastern portion of the city, or what was to be the city, and had applied for tavo acres on Eastern Hill, by far tho best site in Melbourne. There was considerable opposi tion for various reasons, but eventually the site was granted, and in ISSO Dr Goold laid the foundation stone of the firßt building, which was to boa much mors modest edifice than that wliioh crowns the hill. With the outbreak of the goldfields the population of Melbourne and the colony aveut up by leaps and hounds, and it was de cided to pnll down a portion of tho bluestone building commenced, which had been used for some years, and go on with a more pretentions structure in the same material and taking in the lower portion of ths old bnilding. This was in the year 1857, and Mr W. W. Wardell, who has had a wide reputa tion in Australia as an architect, was asked to design the new building. It was to bo Gothic, and with the conditions attached to tho work he was forced to use the dark bluestone instead of a lighter material. This was not to his taste, but it may be doubted whether the effect of the building would have been heightened had the color of the stone been different. Money came in fa3t nt first, and then there wero periods of depression, when funds wore not so flowing and when work sometimes was nt a standstill, but under the advocacy of Bishop Goold and Dean Fitzpatrick the building grew with the months and years. At tho time of hi* death the dean had paid to the contractors £150,000, a considerable amount of which it is stated came from the pockets of the cl orgy, and the walla had been completed. Archbishop Carr, when he came upon tho scone, urged his flock to raise another £50,000 to put all things in order, and con tributions cams in freely, but tho land boom intervoned before the required amount was reached, and in the getting of the last £20,000 the ladies with their fancy fair bad to render assistance. The de»ign is now .complete, except the three towers and spires. One tower is snflioiently complete to hold a peal of balls, and in time the other two will each have its peal. The New Cathedral. The technical description of tho Cathedral is that it is in style Decoratod Gothic, and of the usual cruciform ships looking down at it. The design has a central tower and spire at the point of intersection, and smaller towers and spires flunking the nave at the western end. The dimensions are stated as follows : Nave sanctuary of Ladye chapel—lnternal length, 320 feet. Nave and aisles and transepts and aisles— Internal width each, 75. Transepts, internal length, IG2; height of main roofs to bridges, 9S: height of western towers aud spires (to be), 203; height of cen tral towers and apirss (to be), 2GO. luternally the bnilding is mo*t elaborate. The Opening Ceremony. The doors of the Cathedral admitting to the various sections of tho building holders of various colored cards were opened at 10 a.m., but long before that hour crowds had gathered in the chnreh yard and street. Eleven was tho time fixed for commencing the ceremony of public opening, the consecra tion having been performed on Wednesday last by the Bishop of Sale. By 11 o’clook 4200 or more people were inside ths noble building. The Governor and party ware the la3t to arrive, and on their entry the con gregation rose to their feet. The cere mony commenced with a procession from the palace across the ground* into the Cathedral, portion entering by the door neare*t the palaco, and the remainder by the principal entrance. They were received with a burst of mnsic from a choir of 250 voices, who sang “Eccs Sao*rdos.” The pro cession was most impressive and included the Cardinal, associated with the Archbishops of Melbourne, Adelaide. Brisbane and "Welling ton, 13 bishops of different dioceses, including Ballarat, Bendigo and Sale, and 209 pariah priests, including members of the Pas sionist, Carmelite, Vincentian, and Redemp torist Orders and the S 'Cioly of Jesus, and the Knights of St. Gregory. At the altar posi tions were taken by the celebrant, Dr Corbett, Bishop of Sale, pontifical high priest; the assistant priest, the Rev. W. Quilter; and the deacon, the Rev. M. Carey. Standing on the right of the bishop was the oelebrint sub deacon, the. Rev. Robinson, 8.A., and on the left the first master of ceremonies, the Rev. J. Caroll; and the second master of ceremonies, the Rev. D. Murphy. At the throne wero the cardinal and assistant deacons. The celebrant bishop was invested with the various vestments aud insignia. Tho service was Pontificil High Mass, to which terra cor*m cardinals was added, indicating n mass said in the presence of the cardinal. It was commenced according to regular rule by the celebrant standing at the foot of the altar and pronouncing in Latin words, “In tho name of the Father, and of tlie Son, and of the Holy Ghost, amen.” Tho ceremony, which took two hours and a half altogether, was very imore-sive. Amongst tho guests invited were the Governor and suite, members of the Ministry and the two Houbos of Parliament, civic authorities, judges of tho Supreme Court and County Court. The sermon, a very powerful one, was delivered by Cardinal Moran, from the first and last verses of the G7tli P-alin, " Lot God ari*e, aud let His enemies be scattered, and let them that hate Him flee from before hi* face, God is wonderful in his saints, the God of Israel is He who will give power and strength to His people. Blessed be Go 1.” The musical part r,f the service wa* under Iho baton of Herr Steinnielz, and the ohoir of 120 voices, with an orchestra of 25 performers rendered Beethoven’s “ Mass in C.” Madam Boema, Miss M. A. Goodwin, Mr R. Roby, and Herr Rndelph Himmer b n ing the soloists. Mr Cba9. Sykes presided at ths organ. 