.FOIN TELROY BY A. DUBIVAGE. CHAPTER XIX (Continued.) 'Jack! Jack! my dear boy, when did you come back, and why did you keep away from your poor old mother ?' 'Hush! hush!' said Browning, in terror. 'Somebody might overhear you.' ' What if they do? Who cares? Oh, I am so glad! What fine clothes you've got! Well, well, fine feathers make fine birds. But what on earth have you gone and dyed your hair and whiskers for? Your hair was much pootier when it was lighter. Perhaps dark's the fashionable colour!' ' Come away from hero, and I'll tell you all. Come away from here!' he said, clutching her arm. 'No, no,' said the old woman; 'I've got an appointment with the lady of the house. She telled me to wait fur her. I ain't done nothin' to be ashamed of. Have you?' 'No matter what I've done. Come away with me.' 'I really believe you're ashamed of your old mother.' ' Come with me, for Heaven's sake. The marquis might come in.' 'I ain't.afeard of a markus,' said the old woman. 'You'll drive me distracted,' said Browning. 'Come away, and I'll give you a[hatful of money.' 'Rail goold dust, Jack ?' 'Dollars, eagles, greenbacks.' At this moment the servant came in, and said: ' Mr. Fontelroy, Miss de Monterosa begs you to excuse her, and to call again. And she will see you, too, marm, to- morrow.' When they were alone, Mrs. Brown ing gazed at her son fixedly, and then said : ' That man called you Fontelroy !' 'That's my name.' ' Fontelroy ! Do you deny your honest father's name ?' ' My father's name didn't pay,' said Browning. 'This does. So I've changed it.' 'By act of the Legislatur' ?' 'By act of my own will. The name of Browning wasn't worth a penny. The name of Fontelroy is worth a million of itself, and carries the hand of the marquis' daughter, with a million more. Do you see my little game now ?' 'I sees it, Jack,' said the old woman, shaking her head. 'I sees it now only too clear. It's a big swindle-a crime ! It's awful!' 'Well, what are you going to do about it ?' asked Browning, savagely. ' Are you going to call the people of the house together and tell them I'm your son-a fraud and a knave ?' 'If I done so,' answered the old lady, ' I'd go down on my knees and beg 'em not to expose you. I'd tell 'om.you was young and tempted, and you should beg their pardings, and I'm sure they wouldn't be hard onto you, but would take pity onto you, and perhaps set you up in the news paper and periodical business or a pie and coffee stand.' 'I see them doing it,' said Brown ing, with another low, savage laugh. 'But if they were jolly green enough to do so, I see myself coming down to peddling papers and chicory. Do you think a fellow who has been living at the Grand Hotel, drinking champagne and riding in his own carriage, ever comes down like --that ? Though you are my mother, you tplk like a fool!' 'Better a fool than a knave. If you don't make a clean breast of it, I must.' 'Never make a muddle till you know how deep the slough is,' said Browning. 'I'll tell you, if you peach on me, the consequences to me will be worse than Blackwell's Island or Sing Sing.' 'Oh! how you frighten me!' cried 'the poor old woman, trembling. ' What have you done ?' 'Do you want-to hear-my full confession ?' asked Browning, drag ging out his words. 'Of course I do. Whatever you've done: my poor child, you'll find a friend in your mother. ' Well, then. Don't go from here home. Do you know Red Horse Point ?' 'Of course I know the Point. Your father and I used to go there when you was a baby in my arms.' ' Well, do you know the old stone house On the hill beyond the Point ?' S'Yes; nobody don't live.in it. It's haunted. For marcy's sake don't you go for to wish me to meet you there.' ' Silence. The house is not haunted. A superstitious fancy of ignorant fools, started by sharp knaves to keep meddlesome idiots from prying into their business. Go to the old stone house and remain there till I join you. In the cupboard on the right of the fire- place in what was once the parlour, you will find matches nd :candles, cold meat and crackers. But before you strike a light see that the shutters are tightly closed. Here's a pass-key that will open the front door. There are no ghosts.' ' Will you 'low me to take my Bible 'long with me ?' * :'.Where is it ?' . ' 1my pocket.' 'Yes, you may take it up if you like. No harm will come to you. I will meet you without fail, and tell you all. I may have more to tell you to-night than I have at this hour. Remember that my fortune and my life depend on your discretion. Stay, it is a long way to the stone house. Ride most of the way there-and when you dismiss the carriage, go in a wrong direction to mislead the driver. When he is out of sight, re trace your steps. Don't go to the house till it is dark, and let no one see you enter. Remember to close the shutters before striking a light.' 'Why all these here precautions, Jack ?' 'Ask me no questions now, for I will not answer you. But to-night you shall know all-perhaps more than you care to hear.' 'I'm allina tremble, Jack-you talk so mysterious.' 'Rule your tongue, and follow my directions, and all will be right,' said Browning. He spoke so imperiously and de cisively that he completely cowed the poor old woman. She left the house prepared to follow his instructions to the letter. After waiting a few minutes Brown ing followed her. He did not go home. He allowed his dinner hour to pass without even eating a mouthful; but if he ate .nothing, he drank often. Prowling about by-streoto, occa sionally sitting down on a bench in a public square, he lingered out of doors till the gas was lighted. Still he did not go home. Two or three hours dragged by, and then, finally, he roused himself and walked to the house of Ermeline Mlontgomery. He rang, and she herself admitted him. The hour had come, and the man. OHAPTER XX. TEN O'CLOCK AND SIIARPLEY. When Ermeline Montgomery left the house of the Moncerosas she went directly in search of Mat Sharpley, the detective, but failed to find him for a long time. At length, after tracking him from place to place, she met him and told him of her suspi cions, almost amounting to certainty, that Fontelroy was the criminal. She was proceeding to describe the person of the impostor, when Sharpley told her it was unnecessary; he had all the particulars in shorthand in his note.book. After closely questioning the actress he decided to arrest the man at once, after consulting a magistrate, and promised to call at the lady's house in the evening not later than ten o'clock. It wanted but a few minutes of that hour when .the man of whom they were in search knocked at the door himself. She was greatly surprised to see him, and could not account for his being at liberty. It was hardly possible that he could have eluded the vigilance of Sharpley, even if he had been aware that the detec tive was on his track. If he had been aware of it-and there was not the slightest ground for supposing that he had taken the alarm-he surely would not show himself in such a thoroughfare as Thirty-fourth-street, even by night. He must have been arrested, examined, and set at liberty -no grounds found for his detention. In that case she wronged him; he was no impostor, and would help her in tracing the criminal. But in case her suspicions were true- in case Sharpley had missed him, then it was clearly her best course to admit him and detain him in con versation, for Sharpley had promised to come to the house at ten o'clock, and Sharpley never failed to keep his word, even when it was pledged, as policy sometimes required, to a felon. But then she was alone, and the in terview, supposing her suspicions true, might be dangerous. A momentary chill ran through her veins, but it was only momentary, for Ermeline was an exceptional woman -a woman of ten thousand. Once, on a voyage to England, when there was 'a mutiny on board ship, when the captain, his oficers, and two men held the cabin gangway at ter rible odds, against a mutinous crew armed with cutlasses, axes, and mus kets-when the female passengers were shrieking and. praying, and most of the male passengers showed the white feather, she had loaded and passed muskets to their defenders, and shot down two of the mutineers with her own hands. She had a revolver in her pocket and a poniard in her belt. She could cope with one man, though she had only herself to rely upon, for the two servants had received permission to spend the evening out. At ten o'clock Sharpley would be at hand. So her pulses beat evenly; there Was no fluttering of her heart, and she was able to hide her true feelings and purposes with complete success. 'I am delighted to see you, Mr. Fontelroy,' she said. 'I dared not hope you would accept my invitation so soon.' Fontelroy replied that" the matter on which she consulted him was so grave that he considered that no time was to be wasted. Meanwhile his thoughts were busy. Ermeline must be alone in the house, or she would never have opened the street door herself. The hall-lamp was burning dimly, but. the second story seemed lighted up. During the few words that passed between them, he stood with his back leaning on the front door and his hands behind him. He had noticed that it was se cured by a spring latch, but that above it was a heavyi bolt. Then groping with his hands, he contrived silently to shoot the bolt into the staple. He had a purpose in this. 'Please to walk upstairs, Mr. Fon telroy,' she said. He waited for her to lead the way, but she motioned for him to precede her. This alone showed that she had re cognised him. She dare not trust him behind her back. (To be continued.) 