REVIEW. ETHNOLOGICAL STUDIES AMONG THE NORTH-WEST-CENTRAL QUEENISIAND ABORIGINES. By Walter E. Roth. BIRISBANE, 1897. This valuable work by Dr. Walter E. Roth, on the language and customs of the aboriginals of North-West- Cen- tral Queensland, embodies the results of investigations made by the author during his work as surgeon to the Bouli-a, Cloncurry, and Norma-nton hospitals in that colony. The Boulia district, covering 10,000 square miles, has been ascertained to be the home of a score of tribes, each with its chief encampment or centre. All these tribes seem to be able to make themselves mutually understood, the differences of language being only dialectic. Their numners are fast diminishing, some tribes being now re. duced to a score or tv o of individuals, and the whole tribe of the Pitta-Pitta blacks is estimated not to exceed 200. Manifestly, a work placing upon per manent record the vanishing language and habits of these interesting savages, has a high scientific value. The chap ters devoted to: language show how thoroughly the author has succeeded in grasping the grammar and vocabu laries characterising the different tribes. The language is still in the agglutinating stage, though the ele mentary grammar here presented in dioates by various inflexions a 'ten dency to, rise beyond that state. For tunately, we are treated to no fanciful comparisons with Aryan, Dravidian languages, etc., often indulged in by miscellaneous writers, mystifying rea ders and discrediting linguistic science. We notice that the Pitta-Pitta lan guage, like nearly all Australian dia lects, has words only for the first two numerals; consequently the rotation is dual. Ooroo, one; pakoola, two. Beyond this, arithmetic is performed by additions, thus-three, pakoola-ng ooroo (the ang inserted for euphony), or 2 plus 1; four, pakoola-pakoola, or 2 plus 2; five, pakoola- pakoolangooroo, or 2 plus 2 plus 1. The only -Australian dialect which has distinct woids for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, anrd 6, is that spoken near -Wickliffe, Western Victoria. There is no doubt that the author, in acquiring this knowledge of the language, has selected the best way of gaining re liable knowledge of the beliefs, super stitions, and habits of the natives. He accidentally learned the existence of a very extensive sign language, which he discovered spread through the whole of that part of Queensland. He says, "I was out on horseback one day with some blacks, when one of the 'boys,' riding -by my side, suddenly asked me to halt, as a mate of his -in front was after some emus, coan sisting of a hen bird and her young progeny. As there h'ad been, ap parently to me, no communication whatever bettween the boy in front and the one close to me, separated as they were by a distance of quite 150 yards, I naturally concluded that my infomm ant was uttering a falsehood, and told him -so in pretty plain terms, with the result that, after certain mutual re criminations, he explained on his hands how he had receive' the information, the statement being shortly afterwards confirmed by the arrival of the lad himself with the dead -bird and some of her young, in question." He sub sequently collected information re specting those gestures from 'ten differ ent tribes, and gives nine plates of finger signs representing specific ideas. Captain Sturt, 50 years ago, mentioned the existence of masonic signs among the tribes, but it now seems probable that he erroneously interpreted these manual language signs. The ideas represented in this way are (1) objects of nature, such as cattle, dingo, handi coot, mountain, etc; (2) individuals, father, 'brother, doctor, etc.; (3) weapons and ornaments, boomerang, spear, shield; (4) numbers, requests, etc.; (5) abstract ideas, such as anger, forgetfulness, good, bad, sickness, ghost. The methods of searching for food are dealt with, and domestic utensils, firesticks, and huts are described. As a rule, firesticks are not carried about for use, but are thrown aside when done with. There are two ways of using them. The first way is to twirl a vertical stick between the palms in a niche cut in a horizontal piece of wood until smoke and a few spark, result, which, with dry grass, are fanned into flame; the second method is to rub one stick over another like a saw, the two sticks being pronged. Their stone implements possess con siderable interest for the anthlropolo gist. Dr. Roth mentions three kinds of tools-the native chisel, the grindstone, the nardoo-stone. The chisel Is a ,sharp little .flint flake, cemented on each side of a curved handle 2t. long. It is both a cuttinilg and scraping tool, and is now often fitted at one end with a piece of hoop iron, or shear blade, in lieu of the pri mitive stone. The grindstones conm prise a flattened movable stone worked with the hand, and a fixed slab, against which the smaller stone is rubbed. Both are made of sandstone. The nardbo-stones are simply -boulder peb bles, ground and flattened, and held in the ramd -for pounding the nardoo seeds (marsilea). The weapons orna mented with stone are (a) ,the acicular tip hanidspear, tipped with flint, glass,. or nails; (b) the quartz-tip wommera reed spear, tipped with chips of white-. quartz; (c) some atone-tipped spears, not 'indigenous, but brought from more northerly and more westerly districts;; (d) the wommera, often tipped with flint; (e) various stone knives, which are chipped flakes of flint fixed in ce ment handles (these knives are being. gradually replaced by hoop irons, steel blades, etc); (f) the stone toma hawk, which used to be made years ago from greenstone, and fixed into wooden handles. One of the most remarkable super stitions of these tribes is that of the death 'bone, 'which can be manufac tured by a medicine man; or, dndeed, by any adult layman. This has a pointer tied to a hollow bone, which is suposed to be a receptacle for the vita.l fluid of any victims a:t which the bone is pointed. The .life blood passes invisibly along the string into the re ceptacle. This death pointing hlies analogies 'w;ith, the "evil eye" of European and Asiatic nations, and disease as well as death can be pro duced by this weapon. The doctors qualify for their profession by wander uig off into ithe bush and putting' ,themselves on, low diet. They fall into an ecstatic or morbid state, and have a vision of Mulkau, a benevolent supernatural, power, who, makes 'them. doctors by putting pebbles, fl:ints, bones, ate., into their "inside." These certificates of respectalbi.li'ty and askill are now and then mysteriously shown' to others,. who' recognise at once as' genuine the owner's claims to, be a medicine man. As regards their 'ideas of a future state, the author ,tatels his positive conviction. that the Boulisa natives imave no dread of future ,punishment, no, hope of re ward in another life. "In his natural state, the fear of 'death is but as noth ing to the savage. 'He has a hazy notion of the corpse 'getting older and moving about elsewhere' when he ceases toy bring food and tobacco any longer to the burial place." In the upper Georgina district, tree burial is practised; otherwise graves are dug,. and covered over with logs, to prevent interference by the dingoes. The persona.l name of the deceased dies with him, never to be again mentioned, especially by near relatives, who do not care to, be reminded of the event. As respects cannibalism, it is certain that children who have died have fur nished material for a repast', 'and since. 1885 it has 'been proved that they have been killed for this purpose; and at the present 'time the Kalk~adoon will eat 'any corpse, old or young. On the other hand, Dr. Rotlh states that he knows of no case in North-West-Cen tral Queensland where any adult has been killed for the sole purpose of being eaten. Interesting information is given re specting rain making and kindred arts. The author would have done well if he had relegated the chapter dealing with tribal rites and ceremonies to a supplementary volume, and we hope the Queensland Grovernment, under whose auspices the work is published, will adopt this course in subsequent ed-iitions. 