THE LADIES' COLUMN. ONE DAY AT A TIME. What an unspeakable comfort in thei thougllt, if we would only stop in tile midst of our worries and roleflect upon it: Only the griefs, losses, potty trials, and veoxatlolle of lo day to boalllot ald cono quered in tllat day : If the busy, over-burdened housekeeper atopped to uhink on Monday morlling of thll thousands of steps to be taken before theo coaling Saturday night, of the piles of gartooats to be washed, ironed. menldetd, or made, tile pies and loaves to bo baked, the rooms to be swept, dustod, and scrubbod, the imeals to be cooked and cleared away, thie dishes to be iwashed, the blackings of theo cooaking-stove and Vtoe polishitgs of brasses tllat itoust mitao utp the week's total, salt would torn her face to the wall and ask to die in her bud, thou and there. If the schllool-toachr allowed herself to cOa'elate theo ilblor of slates and exer oies too be corrected, the copics to be set, the recitations to be heard, the childish quar'rols to be settled, the refractory pupils to be rolsonod with oir ipunished, thel replort to be iladl out, shet could torer tiiatoi strenlgth to walk to to the school. But, ihappily, the salraeswolan ? need onll nerve horself for the counltless stop, the solfish exactiolns of cstolaors, the oll ployer's frowns, one day at a title; the little typo-writer ohas blessed intervals of rest frot tile weary click-click of her HIo mington ; the dtressmaker, tlhe illiier, tile factory girl, the workwooma of any calling noid not look aihead for moire thllan oight or ten ltours ; and if shlt is wise, and wants to reach a groot old ago, she will lake no special thought or care for tlhe imorrow, auless, ildeod, slto lhappens to be on the stiff of a paper or Iir IEgazin ,altd even then ille can ilan her work so that no day need be mtore burdensotme than anothlir. The old woodcutter ill tite ancient fable, lwho bade his sotns try to break a thick buadle of faggots, and whoa they failed showed tllhem how casily the sticks could bo broken one at a tilte, was ex ceedingly wlso ill Iis day and generation. T'he women who anticipate wrinkles and grey hair Iby being constantly approhet aiv of theml, oro sure to, grown old before their tittme; while tha jolly, cheerful wolmall who resolutely refuses to think of them keep helir bright eyes, her rosy chllecks, liher smootht brow, Iher ufrosted locks to the lateo t poisible imomnent. Tie we:l-lo do-business moan who allows Ills thoullghts to dwell onil tile possibility of future poverty, is in danger of mtissing atill tilt comfort aol happiness hlis MIlony miglt lprocuro for himself and others; but thle healthy-mtintdedl man who believes in one day at it time, alld oneo world at a titme, sheds joy and miirtlt, charity and kiudlittus, hope and hellp around hiit while ho lives, to say oothing of the living green inl wlic1 tithe emory of himo is kept after hlis decatlh. Withll proper mnagemo t we t mayo san:dwich eoalfort, rest, and plelasure witht our daily tasks. But rloatevr we do and iwhatever we mlaty leave undonle, let not the ghost of to-lmorrow haunt at : 