ENCYCLICAL LETTEIl ON THE ROiSAIl )'. OFFICIAL TRANSLATION. To our Venerable Brethren .the Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, Bishops, aiul other Local Ordinaries enjoying peace and com munion with the Apostolic See, Leo XIII., Pope : — Venerable Brethren, lieaitn ana tnc apos tolic blessing, — We have already had the ' -opportunity on several occasions during Our Pontificate of bearing public testimony to that confidence and devotion towards the Blessed Virgin which We imbibed ; in Our tendcrest years, and have endeavoured to cherish and develop all Our life long. For, ha ving fallen upon times of calamity i'lte" Christendom and perils for the nations, We have realised how prudent it is to warmly recommend this means ot safe guarding happiness and peace which God' has most mercifully granted to mankind in His august Mother, and which hath ever been celebrated in the annals' of the Church. The manifold zeal of Christian people has responded to Our desires and exhortations most particularly in exciting a devotion to the Rosary ; and a plentiful harvest of excellent fruits has not been wanting. Still, we can never bo satisfied with celebrating the Divine Mother, who is in truth worthy of all praise, and in urging love and affection towards her who is also the Mother of Mankind, who is full of. mercy, full of grace. Yea, Our soul, ' wearied with the cares of the apostolate, the nearer it feels the time of Our de parture to be at hand, with the more -earnest confidence looks up to her from whom, as from a blessed dawn, arose the day of happiness and joy that was never to set. It is pleasant to Us to remember, Venerable Brethren, that We have in other letters issued from time to time extolled the devotion of the Rosary ; for it is in many ways most pleasing to her in whose honour it is employed, and most advan- tagoous to those who properly use it. But j it is equally pleasant to be able now to i insist upon and confirm the same fact. Herein We have an opportunity to pater nally exhort men's mincls arid hearts to an increase of religion, and to stimulate within them the hope of eternal reward. NECESSITY OF THAYER. The form of prayer we refer to lias obtained the special name ot "Rosary," as though it represented by its arrangement the sweetness of roses and the charm .of a garland. ' This is most fitting for a method of venerating the Virgin, who is rightly styled the Mystical Rose of Paradise, and who, as Queen of the Universe, shines therein with a crown of stars. So that by its very name it appears to foreshadow and be an augury of the joys and garlands of Heaven offered by her to those who are devoted to her. This appears clearly if we consider the nature of the Rosary of Our Lady. There is no duty which Christ and His Apostles more emphatically urged, by both precept and example, than that of prayer and supplication to Almighty God. The Fathers and Doctors in subsequent times have taught that this is a matter of sucli grave necessity, that if men neglect it they hope in vain for eternal salvation. Everyone who prays finds the door open to impetration, both from the very nature of Sprayer and from the promises of Christ. And we all know that prayer derives its -chief efficacy from two px-incipal circum- . stances: perseverance and the union of many for one end. The former is signified in those invitations of Christ so full of goodness : " Ask, seek, knock " (Matt, vii., 7), just as a kind father who desires to indulge the wishes of his children, but who also requires to be continually asked by them, and, as it were, wearied by their prayers, in order to attach their hearts more closely to himself. The second con dition our Lord has borne witness to more than once : " If two of you shall consent upon earth concerning anything wliatso- ever they shall ask, it shall be done to them by My Father Who is in Heaven. For where there are two or three gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them" (Matt, xviii., 19, 20.) Hence that pregnant saying of. Tertulliari "Let us gather into an assembly and con gregation that we may, as it were, make up a band and solicit God: such violence is pleasing to God" (Apologet. e. xxxix; and the memorable words of Aquinas: "It is impossible that the prayers of many should not be heard, if one prayer is made up, as it were, out of many supplications " (In. Evang. Matt. c. xviii.). Both of these qualities are conspicuous in the Rosary. For, to be brief, by repeating the same prayers we strenously implore from our heavenly Father the kingdom of His grace and glory ; we again and again beseech the Virgin Mother to aid us sinners by her prayers, both during our whole life and especially at that last moment which is 'i-he stepping- stone to eternity. The formula of the Rosary, too, is excellently adapted to prayer in common, so that it has been styled, not without reason, " the Psalter of Mary." And that old custom of our fore fathers ought to be preserved or else restored, according to which Christian families, whether in town or country, were religiously wont at close of day, when their labours were at an end, to assemble before a figure of Our Lady and alternately recite the Rosary. She, delighted at this faithful and unanimous homage, was ever near like a loving mother surrounded by her children, distributing to them the blessings j of domestic peace, the foretaste of the . peace of heaven. . Considering this efficacy j of public px-ayer, We, among- other decrees which We have from time to time issued concerning- the Rosary, have spoken thus : "It is Our desire that in the principal church of each diocese it should be recited every day, and in parish churches on every feast day" ( Apostolic Letter " Sal litis Ille," December 24-, 1883). Let this be constantly and devoutly carried out. We also see with joy ihe custom extended on other solemn occasions of public devotion, and in pilgrimage to venerated shrines, the grow ing- frequency of which is to be conx- riiended. This Association of prayer and praise to Mary is both delightful and salu tary for souls. We Ourselves have most : strongly experienced this — and Our heart j rejoices to recall it — when atcex-tain times ' in Our Pontificate We have been present m J the basilica surrounded by great crowds of j all classes, who united with us in mind, voice, and hope, earnestly invoked, by the mysteries and prayers of the Rosary, her who is the most powex-ful patroness of the Catholic name. CHRIST THE ONE MEDIATOR. And who could think or say that the con fidence so strongly felt in the patronage and protection of the blessed Virgin is ex cessive? Undoubtedly the name and attri butes of the absolute Mediator belong to no other than to Christ, for being one Person, and yet both Man and God, He restored the human race to the favour of the Heavenly Father; "One Mediator of God and men, the Man Christ Jesus, who gave Himself a redemption for all" (1. Tim., ii., ">, G). And yet, as the Angelic Doctor teaches, "There is no reason why certain others should not bo called in a certain way mediators between God and man, -that is to say, in so far as they co-operate by predisposing and minis tering in the union of man with God" (Summa, p. iii., q. xxvi., articles 1, 2). | Such are the angels and saints, the pro- j phets and priests of both Testaments ; but I especially has the Blessed Virgin a claim | to the glory of this title. For no single I individual can even be imagined who has over contributed, or ever will contribute, so much towards reconciling man with God. She offered to mankind, hastening to eternal l-uiri, a Saviour, at that moment when she received the announcement of the mystex-y of peace brought to this earth by the angel, with that admirable act of consent " in the name of the whole human race" (Summa, p. iii., q. xxx., art. 1). She it is "of whom is. boi-n Jesus"; she is therefore truly His mother, and for this reason a worthy and acceptable "Mediatrix to the Mediator." " As the various inystcries present themselves one after the other in the formula of the Rosary for the medita tion and contemplation of men's minds, they also elucidate what we owe to Mary of our reconciliation and salvation. No one can fail to be sweetly affected when considering her who appeared in the house of Elizabeth as the minister of the divine gifts, arid who pi-esonted licr Son to the .Shepherds,- to the Kings and to Simeon. Moreover one must remember that the Blood of Christ shed for our sake and those membei-s in which He offei-s to His Father the wounds Ho received, " the price of our liberty," are no other than than the flosli and blood of the Virgin, since "the flesli of Jesus is the flesh of Mary, and however much it was exalted' in the glory of His resurrection, nevertheless the nature of His flesh dex-ived from Max-y remained and still remains the same " (Do Assumpt. B.V.M., c. v., among the Opex-a St. Aug.). DIVINE FAITH AND THE ROSARY. Yet another excellent fruit follows from the Rosary, exceedingly opportune to the character of our times. This Wo referred to elsewhere. It is .that, whilst the virtue of Divine Faith is daily, exposed to so many dangers and attacks, the Christian may here derive noux-ishment and strength for his faith. Holy Writ calls Christ the " Author and Finisher of faith" (Heb. vii., 2) — the " Author," because Ho taught men many things which they had to believe, especially about Himself, in whom " dwellotlx all the fullness of the Godhead " (Colos. ii., 9) and also because Ho merci fully gives tlie power of believing by tlxo grace and, as it were, the unction of the Holy Ghost; the "Finishei-," because in heaven, where He will change the habit of faith into the splexxdour of glory, He openly discloses to them those things which they have seen in this mortal life as through a veil. Now, Christ stands fox-th cleax-ly in the Rosary. We behold in meditation His life, whether His hidden life in joy, or His pub lic life in excessive toil and sufferings unto death, or His glorious life from His trium phant resurrection to His eternal exxthrone- mont at the right hand of the Father. And since faith, to lie full and sufficient, must display itself — for with the heart we believe unto justice, but " with the mouth confession is made unto salvation " (Rom. x. 10) — so have we also in the Rosary an excellent means unto this, for by those vocal prayers with which it is intermingled we are enabled to express and profess our faith in God, our most- watchful Father ; in the future life, the forgiveness of sins ; in the niystoi-ies of the august Trinity, the Incax- natioxi of the Word, the Divine Matex-nity, and others. All know the value and merit of faith. For fait-lx is just like a most px-ecious germ, producing now the blossoms of all virtue by which we are pleasing to God, and hereafter to bring forth fruits that will last for ev,er : " for to know Thee is perfect justice, and to know Thy justice and Thy power is the root of im mortality " (Wisdom xv. 3). It. is here the place to add a remark respecting the duties of those virtues which faith rightly postu lates. Among them is the virtue of pen- aixce, and one pari: of this is abstinence, which for more reasons than one is necessary and salutary. It is true the Church is growing more indulgent towards hex- children in this mattex-, but they must luxdcrstand they are bound to take all care to make up for this maternal indulgence by other good works. We rejoice for this reason also to propose particularly the use of the Rosary, which is capable of produc ing worthy fruits of penance, especially by the remembrance of the sufferings of Christ axxd His Mother. To those, therefore, who are sti-iving after supreme happiness this means of the Rosary has been most providentally offered, and it is one unsux-passed for facility and con venience. For any person even moderately instructed in his religion can make use of it with fruit, and the time it occupies cannot delay any man's business. Sacred history abounds with striking and evident examples. It is well known that there have been many persons occupied in most weighty functions or absorbed in labox-ious cax-es who have never omitted for a single day this pious practice. Com bined with. this advantage is that inward sentiment of devotion which attx-acts minds to the Rosax-y, so that they love it as the intimate companion and faithful protector in life ; and in their last agony they em brace and hold fast to it as the dear pledge of "the unfading crown of glory." Such a pledge is greatly enhanced by the benefits of sacx-ed indulgences, if propex-ly employed ; for the devotion of the Rosax-y has been richly endowed with suclx indulgences by both Our px-edecessors and Ourselves. These favours will certainly prove most efficacious to both the dying and the de parted, being bestowed, as it were, by the hands of the merciful Virgin, in order that they may the sooner enjoy the eternal peace anil light they have desired. PRAYER FOR THE REUNION OF CHRIS TENDOM. These considerations, Venerable Breth ren, move Us incessantly to extol 'and re commend to Catholic peoples this excellent and most salutary form of devotion. Yet another very urgent reason, of which We have often spoken both in Letters and Allocutions, encourages Us to do this. For that earnest desire, which wo have learnt from the Divine Heart of Jesus, of fostex-- iiig the work of reconciliation among those who are separated from Us daily urges Us mox-o px-essingly to action ; and we are convinced, that this most excellent reunion cannot be better pre- pax-ecl and strengthened than by the power of prayer. The example of Christ is before Us, for in order that His disciples might be one in faith and charity, He poured forth prayer ' and supplication to His Father. Anil concerning the efficacious prayer of His 'Most Holy Mother for the same end, there is a striking- testimony in the Acts of the Apostles. Therein is descx-ibed the first assembly of the disciples, expecting with earnest hope and prayer the promised fulness of the Holy Spirit. And the presence of Max-y united witli them in prayer is specially indicated: — "All these were persevering with one uiind in prayer with Mary the Mother of Jesus " (Acts i. 14). Wherefore as the nascent Church rightly joined itself in prayer with her as the patroness and xriosc excellent custodian of Unity, so in these times it is most opportune to do the same all over the Catholic ' world, particularly during tlxo whole month of October, which we have long ago decreed to be dedicated and consecrated, by the solemn devotion of the Rosary, to the Divine Mother, in order to iuiplore her for .the afflicted Church. Let, then, the zeal for this prayer everywhere bo re- kinclled, particularly for the encl of holy Unity. Nothing will be more agree able and acceptable to Mary ; for, as' she is most closely united with Christ, she especially wishes and desires that they who have received tlxo same Baptism witli Him may be united with Him and with one another in the same faith anil pex-fect charity. So may tlxo sublime mysteries of this same faith by means of the Rosary devotion be more deeply impressed in men's minds, with the- happy result that " we may imitate what they contain anil obtain what they promise." Meanwhile, as a pledge of the Divine favours axxil Our affection, We most lovingly impart to you, your clergy and people, the Apostolic Benediction.' 