'rllE IILUN E'' l .IINE. [Br JAMEs O'Do.OOHTE.] CHAPTER V. AFrd R SEVERAL SKIR5I3SHES WE TEH PBA_.IJroIs. BILL LMAKES A CAPTERE. For several molmenrs Bill stood un decided bow to act. Suddeoly he masked his lamp and sprang forward. Whenl within a few yards of where the appari tion stood he halted, and springing the dark slide, allowed a dazzling light to pierce the darkness ahead. "Gene! vanished !" cried be on beholding nothing of the phantomn. "Gone! vanished !" reiterated a sepulchural voice, seemingly in his rear. Turning in the direction whence the voice proceeded, the phantom that first attracted his attention was again discerned. Fully confident that he was the victim of some practical jokers who had got wind of his inter tions, Bill dashed forward designed'y to wreak his vengeance on the luckless spook. For a brief space the phantom retained its position, then as if its courage were not equal to the encounter, it vanished. Involuntarily Bill glanced over his shoulder. To his consternation he saw the refulgent form of a spectre behind him. On emerging from the crescent-shaped drive into that running senth by west, he turned to the right, and crouching down, awaited the coming of the g sosts, which, he felt sure, would follow him. So soon as the light was shaded, the ghosts began their mani festations, having apparently the same antipathy to light as the spooks of Jessie, Sissy-or Geordie of the spiritualists. A glance along the drive in which he crouched disclosed ghouls before and behind him. Some were stationary, others moving; some were large, others small; yet all were shining with a phosphorescent glow. A cnut'ens glance into the dark recesses of the crescent-shape drive, re vealed the same state of affairs. "A regular school of real ghosts," muttered Bill; "concludve proof that the spiritual existeth," to quote the Rev. Joseph. "Humph ! things are becoming somewhat ghostly, I ween." " Ha !" sauddenly ex claimed Bill, as a large phantom began to move, " he is coming this way; I will lay low and have a wrestle with him." Listening attentively, Bill could detect the slight sounad of something shuffling along the drive towards him. This con vinced him that the phantoms- if the sound originated from one-were not imponderable. Presently the sound ceased, as if that occnsienirg it had, in some mysterious manner, become aware of the presence of a human being. After the lapse of a little time, during which Bill scarcely dared to bheathe. the occult individual, convinced that no danger was nigh, advanced and brushed past our worthy's coat. In an instant he lshot forward and seized the noctivagant in his powerful grasp. To his great consterna tion a furry body struggled to escape from his clutch. Placing his knee otn the living phantom, Bill seized the lamp and turned its liliht full on his capture. With an execration he gained his feet, and seizing the luckless wombat-as it proved to be-in his grasp, hurled it at a tremulous phantom figure in the crescent drive. Immediately there was a crash, a grunt from the wombat., and then all was still By the lanip's rays Bill saw that the animal had struck against a vertical prop, and although the fungus growing thereon had, to a certain extent, broken the blow, the animal, nevertheless, had bee,, killed, and the ghost had-like the snows of last winter-vanished. CIIAPTER VI. BILL. ALTHOUOU BESTED IN A WRESTLE WITH A I'HANTOM,. DISCOVERS ITS TRUE NATURE, AND ALSO THE SKELETON OF O'RAPFERTT. As Bill gazed on the lifeless ferm of the wombat, the conviction gradually dawned on his mind that the phantoms in the vicinity were too wide awake to be caught napping. His former opinion as to the non-existence of suirts had, since his ejutrn in the mine, been rudely shaken. In fact he was prepared, after another trial with the ghouls, to eschew his former theory and become a firm believer in the existence of the supernatural. His courage, however, had not undergone any change; indeed, Bill would as readily participate in a rough and tumble with ".old Scratch" as with a ghost. Giving the wombat a kick, so as to assure himself of its demise, he turned into the drive running south-west. At its decussation with another passage, con tinuing for an unknown distance in a west by south direction, Bill was destined to solve the mystery of the phantom figures, and to discover the bleached remains of O'Rafferty. The two drives intersected each other at an acute angle, and by their convergence and divulgence, formed arude facsimile of the crux decussata, or St. Andrews' Cross. As Bill drew near the mouth of the drives, he observed a huge luminous figure- standing motionless, seemingly guarding their entrance. As before stated, the ghostly figures appeared to have an antipathy to light. This Deculiarity on their part did not escape the discernment at Bill Corbett, who, on this occasion, dteermined todispense with tie lilght of the lamp, and to approach the figure under cover of the darkness. Shading the light, he moved forward as noiselessly as do the shadows of the clouds across the face of the earth, till, seem Ingly, but a pace intervened between himself and the Chost, which. unzon cious of the propinquity of a human being, still shed its mystic light in the gloom. Thrusting out his foot, Bill essayed to touch the phantem. No substance other than the air his foot encountered. Thrice he moved forward a pace and thrust out his leg to touch the figure, only to meet with the result attendant on his first essay. " It is not an optical illusion." muttered Bill, placing his disengaged hand before his eyes, and glancing throughi the outstretched fingers, '" for 1 can see the blessed thing. Perhaps, I am mistaken as to the distance." Once more he alvanced a race end thrust out his foot, and in doing so encountered a yield ilg substance. "Hurrah !" shouted Bill, as he sprang forward and grasped the phantom, " I've got one of you at last." He had got one, and an amorous in dividual at that, for next moment he was stretched on the bread of his back, with the ghostly incubus oun top of him. "The d-- thing is as slimy as an eel," said Bill, dashing the phosphorescent tormn of the phanitoin against the side of the drise and seizing his lamp. The string of invectives that fell from Bill's lips as the light of the lamp revealed his vicious antagonist, are, for grave reasons, iL capable of delineation herein. Suffice it to say that he cursed himself, the ghosts, and the Wombat mine to the remotest longitude of hall in turns. Cursing his stupidity, and swearing volubly to himself in hoarse emphatic whispera, he moved onuard and soon paused bestde a heap of mouldering clothes. Above the clothes, suspended by a leathern belt from the can piece of a set of timber, swung a human skeleton. Half-way between the cap piece and the cranium 'f the skeleton, firmly secured with a bootlace to the belt, was a pocket-book. Intuitively Bill knew that within the book would be a message from the dead. Reaching up he severed its fastenings, and sitting down on the floor of the drive, gave himself up to she perusalof its contents. "Poor devil," murmured Bill, glancing at the gently swaying skeleton as he meditatively puffed his pipe, which he hadlighted after perusing O'Rafferty's last imessage; "star vation and terror, as Dick said, indirectly brouiht about his death; however philosophlically-those Melesians are ex ceedingly superstituous, and it was to be, when he was fool enough to ventura hither without a comnpass or chart of the work. eings." Rising trom his recumbest position, Bill approached the skeleton, and with a knife cut the ligament that secured it to the ceiling. Piaciiig the skeleton under his arm, he started off, not deigning to notice the phantoms that appeared momentary before him, and then vanished, only to reappear and follow closely in his roar. CHAPTER VIL O'Ras'EsaRT'a kAt OAUES GRPEAT coc STERNATION AT A CARD TABLE, iAND BItL'S IRE IS ROUSED BY THE REV. JOSEPH. At 2.45 on the morning of the 26th, whilst Dick Rousley. his wife, lher sister, anid the Rev Joseph Cook sat whilng away the time till Bill's return, by playing four handed euchre, that long expected indf vidual stalked like an avenging aegel into their presence and slapping down the pocket-book and osseous arm of ORafferty on the table, laconically bade them "good night," and without anlother w.rd entered the room placed at his disposal. With a shriek of terror Mrs Rousley sprang from her seat and upset the Rev. Joseph. who at that moument had his chair tilted at an angle of 4tideg. With a convulsive clutch the parson seized the tablecloth to recover hisequilibrium. In vain. WVith a crash he sought the floor and lay covered by the cloth's ample folds and surrounded by cards, fragments of the lamp, and a sea of kerosene, whilst the gruesome relic of O'Rafferty lovingly encircled his throat. Suriking out with lhands and legs, with all the eiergy of a captured hare, Joseph succeded in freeing himself from his burden, and administering a severe kick on the left tibia of Bill, who on hearing the uproar, had issued from his room to ascertain the cause. Picking up his bruised member, Bill saltanted around after the manner of a disabled wallaby. In his erratic springs he collided with Dick Rousley who had at that moment stooped to assist the Rev. Joseph to his feet. In an instants disordered mass of humanity lay wellawing amid the kerosene, broken glass, and scattered cards. Above the din arose the conrulsive laughter of bIona, who with a lighted candle askew viewed the spasmodic struggles of the three men with evident enjoyment, totally oblivious of the fact, that the melted wax from the candle was rapidly transforming the Rev. Joseph's frock coat, from a raven black to the semblance of a pintadors or guinea fowls. Disentanglir.g himself from his friends and the pastor's extremities Bill, sore in mind and body, smelling like a petroleum mine and swearing retaliation on the cause of his misfortune. limped off to his room, which he now felt sorry he had quitted. At breakfast a few hours laterhe related his adventures in the Wombat mine, but from some cause refused to reveal whether the phantotls were animate or inanimate or of what substance they were composed. " You can come and examine them for yourselves," firmly rejoined Bill to every argument advanced by the quartette. who were at length, in order to satisfy an inordinate lonuing, all quite willing to accompany Bill on another visit to the mine. On the way thither, the Rev. Joseph vaunted of his courage in the presence of personal peril, and deplored the indisposition that incapacitated him accompanying Bill or. his tIdagation. Making a sign to his friend, Bill stopped ostensibly to tie his boot lace, thereby allowing Mfona and her pious escort to proceed alone. " Look here, Dick," said Bill, " 1 would tell you what occasions the luminous forms in the Wombat minme it it were not my intention of taking the parson down a peg or two." "What is your reason for so doing 1" queried Dick 1 My reasons are three in number and, grave ones at that. Firstly, for kicking melast night. That was an accident, observed Mrs Rousley, and considering that you and Dick rolled for nearly two minutes on the unfortunate man, and Mona covered him with candle grease I think your revenge on that score is redundant. Secondly, con tinued Bill, not heeding the itterruption, for wilfully ignoring the fact that Moha cannot, since she is affianced to me, receive his attentions. Jealous ! murmtured Mrs Rousley; and thirdly for that bragging habit of boasting of his prowess. I lailto see what that latter failing has to do with y,,u or any other man observed Mrs Rousley. "" It is a man's duty, retorted Bill to cure his fellow man of an affliction, if it is within his power." With the assistance of the phantoms, of you mine I will undertake to cure the Rev. Joseph of that silly habit of boasting of his courage, which is on par with that of a dove's. (To nE COONLUDED Ut OUR NEXT.) 