THE STORYTELLER. HOPE. 1* _4- . '*? TPUey say that the name o£ the station j ÏB changed, and that the dog is dead, t>ui i remember, and I think I shall re- member always. Xa. a sharp V of a valley, between two tall, unheeding mountains, stood a little Drown station, all alone. It looked like a knot in the end of the brown rag of road ihat hung over the low ridge be- yond it. " Hope" was the name in the middle of the weathered sign-board, with "Winnipeg, -miles," at the nearer end, and " Vancouver, - miles," at the farther. *fhçre waa small token of life about thé building so faa- as even we in the rbßervation car could see, so, when the conductor came back from the office with his orders, we wondered why the train didnot-gooñ. But. pretty soon a tall old man, with a red flag under his arm,' came up the track ahead to the station platform. Some of ns had alighted, and to na he volunteered, while he rolled his flag closer ' " Rock on the track !" "Is ii very large P" asked someone. "Stope; theyllgetit off purty soon ; like *n'ougb, in 'bout ten minutes." That accent was unmistakably from thfc " States," and I came nearer where leonidhear aun0 9a"*: 8a* down oxt a pile of boxes, and, in reply to some remark, said meditatively : "Nop;'trains don't hevmuch 'casion to stop-here long nowadays. Used to be ' a putydeeeut mine up yonder," jerking . hm head toward the little road ; " then they wár some doin's here." "Mine abandonedP" "Eaup" he was going on; when another idea struck him. ' He looked round uneasily. "They hain't none oï you seen Rolly, hev you F* .JWfcp'aRollyP'' " Why Rolly, he's the dorg;" his eyes grew anxious. "He's a great institution 'round these perts, Rolly is." He rose and went quickly to the door of the station, opened it, and put his head inside. We heard the click, click of the .telegraph instrument. " Say, Bennie, where's Roll P" he called. His voice was different from that in which he spoke to the men outside« The .answer was inaudible. . . "Humph! Curious ain't itP When did he go P" Again the inaudible reply. "Well, he must a' heard the whistle." He came back to the travellers, but with his eyes on the brown road over the ridge. " Didn't it pan outP" asked one. "HuhP Oh the mine! I dunno. I . guess 'twould ef--" but the old idea ; was too strong-his eyes sought the " slope again. " Now, where in time ? is that dorg P He ain't use to missin' , trains." " What was the matter at the mine P" ? *» Oh, there was ghosts came there 'n' they écart everybody, 'n' now they wont no. one. <ro nigh but Rolly, and he's interested Wish t' he'd come, anyhow." v "Well, what is it about Rolly, my ffriend^is he your dog?" asked a big quiet man, standing near with his wife. ?"Nope. That is, he is and he ain't one way he's mine, and two he ain't 4>ne way he's mine, 'cause I feed 'im and hanker after him ef he ain't round. One way-he ain't mine, he's Bennie's, 'cause everything I've got that Bennie hankers after is bis'n, an' he thinks a heap o' Rolly. Bennie's the telegraph here. "'Nother way, he ain't mine nor Ben- nie's neither. He liisself thinks he belongs to a man 't karat been 'round here qmtè a spell-the last contractor at the 'Hope.' fie left in a leetle hurry One night, bein'found with some mine pay money mixed into his own inside -pocket by mistake, 'n' he forgot the «erg." c One-traveller, acquainted with western - euphemisms, asked : "Did they hang or shoot him P" "The old fellow grinned. "Shot 'im ; sent the remnants east in á box. We haint lookin' for 'im back, but Rolly is. -Yes, sir, he's, on hand every train, an' between times he goes up to the mine to see^ef his man has slipped by unbeknowest an.1 gone up there." .Just theiffche conductor, passing, said : " Nearly ready all aboard." We started reluctantly for the car, all of us with our eyes on the brown road now. 'Thé old niau walked with us. ' " Can't think what on 'arth keeps 'im. He'll ciy all day ef¿he misses this train." We were all on board now, The con ' ductor stood, watch iu hand, his eyes, top, on the road.' " There he is !" someone shouted. " He knowed he*was late, an' took the short cut exclaimed the old man. N -? Our eyes left the road, and at the other end of the platform met a small, smooth coated black 'and white -mongrel, all dusty and panting, crouched with quivering flanks by-the steps of the last car, a Pullman. " The dog's eyes were on the porter, Thejporfcer looked to the conductor for a sigh; the . conducto!' looked at his watch and lus order, and nodded. Then *he porter lif ted the eager little brute in tb lae caa* vestibule. ', ' ' ... * ? .W*ta1^.y^¡atpv¡^'we all waited, ; wifli eyes on the door of the nearest - ' Pullman* all "but the quiet .man, who had wtii*ed in to the front corner ol the car be- j -.l^'MànewapRperr*- ' -\? » "- ' :. ev. "-"--'"i " Blest if I want to see the beast die appointed," he said to his wife. " Does he go through the whole train ?'. I ashed the old man. " Yes, mies, all but the col-nistcar and the emigrant ; he knows that ain't the kind." Just then the. Pullman' door opened, and the porter came through, followed by the dog, stepping high and nervously. There was a great many in the car, and the dog was bewildered. The porter picked him up and put him on one of the seats, a double row of which ran back to back down the centre of the car. The dog put his paws on the back of the seat and looked all around, ears up, nostrils moving, flanks quivering, tail straight out and slowly waving. Suddenly'he gave a sharp yell, and bounded over the centre seat down the aisle like a young tornado, and stopped with both paws on the quiet man's knees, yelping, dancing, tearing the newspapers dow.i on himself. The man took the paper away, and the dog leaped towards his face with a squeal. But the squeal broke half way, and the dog fell back on all fours, still at a stone. The quiet man looked at bim kindly and put out a hand to pat him. The dog came closer, his eyes always on the man's face, and softly put his paws on the man's knees again. The man said "Well, Rolly!'! The dog's head went on one side a moment, the name was all right, but the voice-the voice He got down and backed off, MB tail between his legs, his ears wavering ; he gave one low, questioning whine, then slowly answered the porter's call. \- At the top of the car steps he paused and came back. With head on a side and paw raised he looked again, and then with a sharp sort of bark turned back and went down. A moment afterward the conductor's watch snapped ; he waved his hand and the train drew out, up the broad canyon of the Chanting Bow. But our eyes were turned back to the platform, where the dog stood, poised, head on a side, and foot lifted, looking after us. The quiet man didn't draw back till we had rounded a curve > then he found a cinder in his eye. v " Nice scenery," he said.^(M.C.P., in the .New York Post.) 