North:Eastern Ensign iPUBLISHiED AT DENALLA. -. FRIIAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1897. \- ltdninisterinx iii Aintidote. SOME of the: electors ar acting :unfairly just now . in, connection with the cawppaignthat is 'going on between tbeHon., J H Gmves anild Dr; ? uerney for th political, roprer sent-atioii of IDelatite. It is inot:dOur istention to publish all tat, the moire meddlesome: of: then aro saying, for tlhe absurdityof most of their utterance must be clear to all to lom theyspepak but tlere is one.rumor, at least, which" ought to b;e alluded tso.:i' Sucli? Cibor. is this :.it is said that' had it6t ibeen foi the private influences of Mr Graves" the railway line which ParlliaRient has ag eedd to construct froti Wangaratta to Hedi'would have been started from either Glenrowan or Benalla.; Og?ithis score;,therefore, certain peso9ns in tlie electorate some, : indeed, who have ? no :o0ice in the: afftiirs of the constituency at all-are endeavoriing to poison other persons' minds against the sitting member -in fact thley have ' succeded to sonlo ext;ent in do ing so.', In 'order. thrit te poison thths poured into. the me'ntal system of u. thinking or uninformed electors migh t be neutalised 'beforeit takes effec~i t,oi of the missions of the :ENsiNis among the c. oinmunity to ,day, is "tllit' of ad: ministoring an .intidoto to ;all -who have: imbibed -. the stuff ailluded' .to. Such antidote is this: a denial of the clhrio'that haso boon made against; Mr 'Graves, in this connection, because it is .uifounded. A? a consileralie section of the electora'know, the con struction of the line under notice was sanctioned by Parliament on the recom mendation of the Railways Standing Committee, and, to show how evenly opinion was balanced in the House respecting it, the uundertaking was ratified by a majority of only one vote -- that of Mr Craven, who represents Bonambra. Yet, notwith standing this, there are those who seek: to do'thl sitting imember injury on the score of a~r accusation which'lhey know' i is the superstructure of ' lie.' It isa pity, inideed, that those 'whs siare acting, thus ar not moved: by- a hmlhier motive :thani that ' of laying poison for 'th, political destrutaioi. of a nman who ,has. clone :''miuchl, for his copstiteients ani vld wose op lionent at proseiit--a political aveOn turer-is unworthy of being considered 1 for ai momesnt alongside of hinm. 'Wha the EN sEaoN lhul s hopes 'to do to day is not to dictate to a single votei f in the electorate, but to succeed-in a some degree, at least -- 'iii the diilit: it politically undertalces of sadiinhutoriig an antidoto. , 'r No Inatt,. wh? souh people ausevrt its to the prospects of .Dr. M'lnerne in the .approachlingri fray. for tht;lo prosentation of,Delatito in:tlhe Asent. bly ,lit would appear thtlt.tlit geitle. mani's clhances, of, being returned air becomiig lss anid lees. A resident of iHanson who hus been in loenallni du?lug the ]l?st 'eedk 'ind who know, evr. jedy in thatni and the surrio in piiarshes embraced by the constituenc nmned says :-Drn. 1'Inerney uas lost ground everywhere since last election -not tlat Ie has donr nnythling to forfeit ltho support ureviously giuen to hiu,. aut simhply beciuso people sea that he hai: no real clain m for their votes througlh beigig a 'Melbournue. lawyer. IYou will find liecn'ti?i poll is deClared thnat'Dr M'Inierhiy is noa. 'her e. At nay ii'to hlo has not a ghost of a slhmo against, Graves np amy way. And I 'find :that the samen feeling exists all about the King. The only place hat 'LInerney lhas a chikieo of gelttin any support.is at Greta, where soile people are n bit sore because 1Mr Graves did not succeed in getting the Waingaratta-Hedi railway line started fromt Glenrowan. .But, as everybodt ought to know, Graves had no poswer It seems to nia thtthle support given.i M?'Inerney before' was caused by imn pulse..He knows very little as a politician,, and if elected will not bhe half as.good for the electorate as the old niemIbor. Thi ESaION cleanly hit the nail on the head when it said, "why clues M'Inorney hot go for a sei where he lives if It has anything. A sale of sheep aind cattle was held in Benillia oiil.Tuesday last with the followving; results :-Fat bullocks (Mr D. lyh'), realised ?£i, it ssihicl pries tlih iiimals wsers paised in ; fat cows (Mi J. Standish's), £7 17s Gd; stere bullocks "-'(Mr K. oM'Ivor's), £4: spri ngers, (Mr. S. Iioouer's),' £ 3-15 Sheep?.: cross'bred ;fits, 5llsj merino' v?ethrs, 1'3s?Gd to 13sll11d; fat lambs, 8s; weoanersGs Gd.' 'Mr 'T. Kennedy, Sl.P., for Benaila and Yarramtiongi, is'to be opposed in conrifetion we itlh" l , approachinge ,ggeneral electionb ly'Mir iWm. I[ill, of Cooranibhtt that gentleman having determined to take the field again only a few days biack.., Mr Hlall hliad pre :viously".mtide up his nmind not to stand . through theo. other memnbers of the fii? .to which hte'lbelongs being averse to him entering politics in consequence of thi heaviiness of his business duties, Friend after, friend had, indeed, pre vailed upon hits to come forth, but all o o no purpose. Early in them Aoeek, hosevee;, his partners were interviewed by:Dr Niclolson, who pressed them to waive' their objections to Mr Hall coning out again, and, after an 6od deidl of talk, they didi so." The election is to take place on Thursday the 14ldh 1 October.b Thiq number of voti?dpolled 1by M? i Hall at last general election was 892,iM±rI KTiatedy's score being 1232. St the previous bottle-fouglit in 1893 r'e ween .ihe latie' acd Colonel Temple. '6tU ti-e totals woere: Kennedy, 928; .Templeton, 868. "Had M"i BIall neot oppo0ed Mri Kennedy, Mr Bu[l n, fa thlier of Mr F. T'.' 'Brown, solicitor-- great advocateo of tax on unimnproved land 'values-.intended:doing so. Mr Hdmiilton Clarke, barrister and solici ; tor, too,'. lad been asked to stand but ai hb declined to do so. Geo. Victor Jones, a stranger in the "Npith-east, was' sentenced t6 six imontlhs' iemprisonmeiit, with hard a labor, at the Court of Petty Sessions, Euroa, on Fiiday last, for stealing a quantity, of lead and solder from the loctal Preserving Company. M?'r Mairtin denies the rumor currient thathlie intends resigning from the election to be held in connection with the 'Wangaratta constituency, 'ind for the p parliamentary . seit respecting whiich :two other candidates -Messrs 'Boaser'r and Phillipson--are in flis field. A correspondent writes :-A pie ni cwans hIold some dcays ago in connec tion with the Wesleyan Sunday Schlol, on Mr Old's farm, iooxeooIl. Over 100 pe'rshons, young and o1i, atlerledl the aftfair, tie weather linoig exee!lent. The day's outing was spent in cricket, football, , boating, racice, etc., the evening being" devoted to music, recitia tions. and supper, in which about 60 .took par at aMr Old's private resi dence. : Latest IiisolvenCIcy --Miry "Lewis, Orettn ividow. Liabilities, £800; assets "nil, deficiency, £800. Causes of insolve?ncy ; Adverse judgmenti ini Supreme Court . .:' Personsiwho tina not` iines been re ceiitl,, copiea of the .Estxo regularly of late are , respectfully requested to conmmunicated with ouredlitor at once. A iiag'isoiirial inhtuiriy was held locally'.on . Monday. lat; ,be.foieo Mr Wallace, J;P.; tounhing 'the 'dtlli of i married wcinan naii cd t uMary Bowdei; aged '54, wrife ,of, h'i Wint. Bowlden, i carpoenhir1?esidiin, it 'hiallll h West Thu deceasodis bosdy .i?sfound on Suni day ? oroig ii. eater'lole in a pai dok lbieoti tngfo the ndv. tea I Divy; Iy Cokis.mbl?yflinsevati'n ad 'Jnlrscker Coihi Slie, ieeher igta, "acdor Uie ss'o ing ?hat: dhcaised y iretii'rel to bed oi Jaturdla3' nigllt't I a, roeemn whlicl she sleptt Iy herself : o.- e y'ewas: pprestl i.~f ,06il: f.siirim;' :. Oi: tion followdi Iornii tir hol.?lnitld,ylibiding hdie ,cs ntromgi? 'nportid' tlifmettdi to tlh politesh, lobs ltso thlmn .'ct?to: ?eOk, setli: die.t-esiilt. ahlredyihdicitcd: DBe ceased s..s fouiid ewitftia strctlimtii iron, 91b in ?eiglit, iattiec toher itck-ny .bTeyIienpof a piCI .of fibe.iti cord. : Sireibadl ir night chrees on, thi, heiiig covered oy te wrapper,'s iid w55 im bare feet For sonid years shb lhd , tithfdro ol froni an affection ef hie head, arid lied only i"eceeitly bheert"disclharged from theoWangamrttn Hospital, wIhere she hld eon.utider tur e ntmrnti . e ". testimony toended to sihow tihat i he dv . slio destroyeil..;tii'5olf-, ; 'A ceriot cvii iroturnedaordingll' : '' ..j lr ll add esse tile loectors . -1. 'I"'. leCel Shire hall thiis Ilenlla Ir 1eniedy intends doing 1ning Tl urda? 'evening next. e"an ,l1ns nounemennt.1 ap . g 1 "dv ertiSi llaic olum ns. Sn elines Act, wlioh will le force on 1st Novembdi, pro " inlo t ,Otr things, for. a re esof t, e fe fora niner's right to th f1 Thed ?Ministot.:of m deci"ed to lave printed on abc of tIe nefW issue of rights in. ?ci s tothe privileges to which! natder of tIes certificate is entitled, n his rights to enter upon Crvwn rivtate? lands for mining, purpOseO?, rts . .tla egaird jnto obtaining e fronI State'forest spand tl?i os inormtionl ofr erVicO to hiln o his occupation: " ss blye Assem-too??pla rs ego viz.; .eon. septo.n O?tb, 189?. Tlo urner Govoer' t tlak otleta waieek klaterhs00tliat t oSit -i st. it bwoil1also bii thOree o in po "r.' T 'thlree years for icoinnecb of thse Assembly o are ted dotes from the first .dmeet i the house sftot polling day, 1894 Tho Hounii'fIhOWevei'o be disolv'ed next ivlek; , a'ndte nion will I)e Ield about 24tlh Oc ?n Victorian detacliitt of rifle-, ermho attended thie Queen's Jubiled btionsi have returned to the 6ny One of the nulber who lives thi districtd ,rB VictorlHenilei 5sy; nnwan,-- gives a glowiiig account his, ates nd. bis , ownl epoiiences e value of the estate of.th :late D)avid Black, Kilfeera;' li0'esbeeii ent o£2766reaflty; £1gt, orand enilty, £2166. ?st -sureo n?: 2 o .f thbe . nala r1 Council has · accepted t ers ,Bridge nearhVar0oo's, J. 1i;and. Acerley £30; culvert, etc., Duffy: mid, J. shd B. Aekdorley,;:?25> ; lnathieson's road, ?,Tiehomais ber, 15n 10s; w. rks;iSamaFiias n to be advertised. ' ' .-i:: enpplication of ns. Bronan for' oneu of a Crown egrant fore 200 of land, Wintoci, is gazettedap m?s under section 32 of tlhe'aLndt l18?4 and 1890 are" gazoLteds:ur end as followe for t-os reasoni 'it in each case :--Jane Lew-is, Tatong, to obtin a' liceinsed iider 'o 42 ;TThos;" A. Griftithis 2966d, Sto obtain a licensed : also. uide6 I cane section. heallowance fixed for tle useoof i ny-elected- President'l of .thae mah Shire Council is £140.. n of tIhe Americans appear to 'arrived at a curious pass ini tive proceedings. ..In. Michigan w has been passed making it in.o bent on tie keepers of dining to print their bills" of fare in hIng lint English; the Kansas 'sature compols women to re ee corsets and bloomers ; in' i.s i naws are being enacted to atop ationsbetween railway officials and a pssengers; and in' Dakota le is to be introduced to compel reexaminations of-barbers. or" Mrs Selwood, an old resident of alla, aged aout 80 years, died -on 'day last, thecause of death being gneral break-up of ,te system. 1 ed was a sister of Mr OGeorge c?dlac, storekeeper and :hotel nlr, an was greatly esteemned by bhoknew her. Anitinerent tinsmitln namedTlnomas 'ltyre was "i run in" a few nighets by'Constable 1'mi'Gowrii for nhenness. On Wednoselay -ornll the offender 'ws brought before iWallace, J.., and t fined e 2 6d, ole urs ini gaol;- MackI. having rnb BEY to pay the fine, was coonpollcel titaouke t.at" le old fimiliar structun which hlias ng stood on the asitls known.as en's corner,"- in" Bonalla?, will Sbe a -thing of thle pist. Th6 tir part o it 'indeed, has already p raned to the ground;; its owner,? Jseph Cherry-hea.ing,r sith coisi rable enterprise lot a contract to litdown and to erect a niew build. i its place, lrWam. Coundon, who has acted manager for Permoewan, 'Vrightl o. in Benall during thie last few 1,' has been transferred to the bns branch of the same firm's ess. B?r Coundon's career in our It has been one of pleasure to him !.nd piofit to his employorsa in J 9a,genial disposition, he malde y rineds" and "discharged' 'tho tis devolving on hint with rectitude -acumen. lltter and Wiltshire--the two cncI icted recently of lurglary at Win awere prosecuted some days ago it agnaraita.for stealing nwearing ap to the value of £7 10os fromu tIhe Si'r Hall, Church of Eoaihilnd e?r't tlhait place and for a simni ntce., petty in cllaracter, towaIds e".Tcppett. The accused were to ea little over o monthl' isonment altogether, withl harll , in Bcecwiorthl gaol. petty th5lft was comenitted last I the onallk minning field, the f nIr Poting, a uow prospector Sing entered and a quantity of ons tolen out of it. The policu informed of thle afllfair, bent, gh the dfficulty attending iden ion of thc articles stolen, notlh in tilmy of ain ar0,est could, osf 'i eected. Theoe was some Ie;gapparel in tile linut at tile timeo e t, but tlhcat w?as not takeo, n,,o ,,olbf thcat s.lo.era took thfood. hings eferred to wanted raM Omen lltterColor. A pelaeet alloble buttcoloriig 'it 'sur reck0 . Peopli using it soy iors it improveos the :flavor i" ay Cihemit; Steelssman, and , 'sent:l Nunn.streot, 'Beinalla %'I ~ i : - ' 