ANY new industry established on a profitable basis without compelling the public to pay toll for the benefit of the promoter is an addition to the wealth of a community, and any new product that can be raised with advantage to the grower is equally a gain to the colony. Hence the action of the De partment of Agriculture in setting up the Government oil mill in Ballarat for a time ought to be appreciated by farmers in this district, ft will show them what may be expected from the cultivation of plants to which they have hitherto not given much atten tion. If the growth of rape, linseed, sunflowers (Russian), and other oil pro- ducing seeds can be made to yield even as much profit as potatoes and cereals, their production will be advantageous, even if only because it provides a rotation of crops. But the profit is higher, and the market steadier, while we have it on the authority of the de partmental expert that both the soil and climate of Ballarat are eminently suitable for the cultivation of what, to tillers in the district, are new products. We may, therefore, expect to Bee the mill an object of great interest to farmers generally. Another industry, to which we have previously referred, that might advantageously receive ’ more attention than has hitherto been bestowed upon it is that of sericulture. There is not a fortune in it, but cottagers as well as farmers might easily add something to their income by its means. It is a light avocation, such as boys and girls would delight in, and there is little or no expense incurred in starting it, the purchase of a few white mulberry trees and silkworm eggs, or “grains,” being almost all that is required. The white mulberry is recommended in preference to the black one, mainly because it is sprout ing into leaf just as the little silk worms emerge from the eggs. Suit able “grains” and mulberry trees.may be obtained from the Victorian Silk Culture Association, concerning which information will bo given by Mr Evtins, bookseller, of Sturt street. An exhibition of silk and cocoons was held last week in Melbourne under the auspices of the Associa tion, and attracted considerable atten tion. The display also included “all kinds of apparatus and essentials used in silk production, and some of the fine products of silk manufacture,” the ex hibits being contributed by growers from Now Zealand and South Aus tralia, while Victoria, Italian, French, and Indian sericulturists were also represented. Mr Martin, Secretary for Agriculture, took advantage of the occasion to inform those present that “Already some silk had been exported from Victoria to Italy, which was the great market for silk, and a report had been received from that country upon it, which was of a very flattering character, namely, that with proper education and care Victoria would produce silk in every way equal to what could be raised in any part of the world.” Daring last year no less than 9078 white mulberry trees were distributed, through the society, by the Agricultural De partment, so that it is evident the industry is spreading. The French peasantry earn from £6 to £29 per annum by silk culture, as a return for about five or six weeks’ work, and the average earnings per family in Italy are £ll per annum. The latter repre sents a crop of cocoons weighing 104, 773, 6721 b, valued at £8,114,917. To show the demand that exists for the raw article, it may be mentioned that Franco requires 14,800,000 silk in hanks to supply her factories, which turn out annually £29,400,000 worth of silk goods. Germany uses 6,800,0001 b and produces goods of the value of £14,500,000, while the American fac tories turn out £13,800,000 worth of silk goods every year. At present China, Japan, and India supply much of the raw material for these factories, though in France, Germany, and Italy, the peasants sup ply most of the mills in those coun tries. We quote these figures, how ever, to prove the extent of the market available to those willing to embark upon the industry either in a small or a large way. Evidences of the hidden riches of Victoria continue to be furnished almost daily, and if the period of de pression through . which we have passed has been hard to bear, it has had the good effect of drawing more attention to our gold resources. Hundreds of persons unable to obtain work and unwilling to leave the colony, have betaken themselves to old and new goldfields, in many instances with marked success. Forgotten lodes have been picked up again, and are now yielding satisfactory returns, while in other parts of the colony—chiefly in Gippsland, deposits not formerly worked have been unearthed, and some of these give promise of rivalling his torical reefs in point of richness. A large amount of capital released by re constructed banks, for which there is no immediate outlet for profitable in vestment in other ways, has been utilised for the development of gold mining. The immediate result is in many cases highly satisfactory, and what the ultimate outcome may bo it would be difficult to say. The two principal features of the local market were the fall in the values of Central Plateau and the rise in Black Horse United. The former declined from 37s to 255, and the latter advanced from 22s 6d to 31s Gd, closing at 315., There is nothing in the official reports to account for the fall in prices of the Central Plateau, but it is scarcely probable they would decline so persistently and con tinuously as the result of mere “ bear ing ” tactics. The reef in the bottom level shows a little gold, and the stopes at the SCO feet lovel continue to yield quartz of equal quality to that crushed of late. A bore was put through on Saturday morning to the South Star workings, and it is expected the drive will be carried to boundary in about a fortnight’s time. There is, however, the manager states, about six months’ work in sight on on what is presumably all payable stone, and there is also the prospect of the pick disclosing something payable in the bottom level, where the quartz has a promising appearance. In the Band and Albion there is a fiat vein about .12 inches thick, showiug a little gold and plenty of mineral. There are also other leaders in the track. Shares, after rising to 15s 4£d, fell to 12s 9d and closed with sales and sellers at 13s. Most of the other Plateau stocks were comparatively neglected, the one principally dealt in being Plateau No. 1, which, with fluc tuations, eased from 11s 3d to 83 6d. Black Horse United had a fairly heavy turnover. The drive at the 1620 feet level, which had been carried along stone of a promising ap pearnnee on the west wall, has now been turned in an easterly direction. It has now pierced the lode diagonally for a distance of 11 feet, and payable stone has been struck. Other parts of the mine are also looking better. A fair interest in Trompf’s Amalgamated ;is held in Ballarat, and at the com mencement of the week they rose from 4s to 4s lOd on the strength of an anticipated good yield from the trial crushing. It was in tended to treat- 100 tons, but probably the appearancs of the tables led the directors to clean up earlier, so that shareholders might know the worst. This was made known on Saturday, and when word was re ceived from Maryborough that 50 tons of stone had only yielded 6 oz 5 dwt .shares dropped to Is 2d, the opening Sale of the day having been at 3s 3d. Business in other stocks than those mentioned was not heavy. A sensational and daring robbory, under moat singular circumstances, was committed at the Sir Honry Loch Unitod Company’s mine, Ridati. between 8 o’clock on Friday night and 8 o’clock on Saturday morning. A quantity of amalgam, estimated at 430 oz, and v»lned at about £250, the rOßult of 11 week’s daily cleaning of the plates, had beon pieced in an iron safo in tho onginaboase to await re moval to tho bank on Saturday morning, and it is alleged that in somo mysterious m inner thieves obtained accoss to the enginehouso during tho night, and without tho driver’s knowledge opened the safe with a duplicate or skeleton key, and carried of the whole of tho stuff. Tho police, led by Dotnctivo Wardley, are pursuing enquiries, but so far have not tho faintest cluo to the thiovos. Tho Victoria Racing Club’s Autumn Meet ing was brought to a conclusion ou Saturday. The AU-aged Stakes rosultod in an easy win for Mr W. R. Wilson’s brilliant oolt Auruin, who promises to boa very warm favorite for tho V.R.C. Derby. Mr W. R. Wilson also supplied the wionor of tho Unplaced Two year-old Stakes in Majestic. The Pl ica Handi cap was won by Mr J. P. Foarson’s Mischief, who boat Response by a nock, the third placo being filled by Preston, who ran second in tho Australian Cup. Tho winner of tho Stoeplo ch»Bo, Zanonia, bailed from the Warrnambnol district, and never gavo his supporters the slightest aaxioty, gaining »n easy victory by 10 lengths. For the Loch Plato the Champion winner, Nowbavon, started a vory warm favorite, and won by six lengths from Rose- Into, who was a length in front of Warpaint, the only otlior starter. Tho programme con eluded with tho Farewell Handicap, which rosultod in a win for tho Ballnr.it horse, Aoton, tho third position being aim filled by a Ballarat representative in So and So. Acton, who belongs to Mr W. T. Jones, is trained by Mr J. Soobie, and his success was received with much satisfaction. A report of tho racing appears in another column. A sensational burning accident, fortunately unattended with fatal results, oeonrred at No. 5 Grant stroot on Satnrday morning. Mrs Mary Pearce was cleaning a fire-place with a compound in whioh spirits of turpontino formed a part, and this catching fire, the un fortunate woman’s olothos became ignited and sho was soon envolopod in flames. Mrs Poarco bad the presanca of mind to order her chil dren to bring a pair of blankets, and sho was rolled in thorn. Ocm of tho children ran out into the Btroot for assistance, and porformed hor orrand so well that two doctors and two policemen—Constables Pattonon and Slator— were quickly on the Boone. It was found that, although painfully burnt about tho logs, arms, and faoe, Mrs Pearce's iujurios were not serious. : The annual picnic of the Ballarat railway omployds was hold at Qnoonscliff on S iturday afternoon and was in ovory way an un qualified suoo«ss._ Over 900 excursionists loft tho Western station in two special trains at a quarter past 7 and a quarter to 8 nnd arrived safely at their destination. On arrival at CJuoonscliff the usual enjoyments were ontorod into and everything passed off pleasantly. The forts, lighthouse and other places of in terest were vißited. Owing to tho inoroaso in the oost of the trains made by the railway authorities, tho committee were precluded from bolding the customary formal banquet, ,tbe additional oost rendering tho utmost economy imperative. In its place an im promptu gathering of the committee and .friends wss held at Sfaeehsn’s Esplanade hotel. There was a huge attendance. The chair was oecnpied by Mr E. Baker (chairman .of the excursion committee) and the vice-chair by Mr IV, M'Millan. Amongst the visitors •were Mr R. T. Vale, H.L.A., Mr J. Fallow (president of the Locomotive Euginedri vers’ Association) nnd Mr Witherspoon, station master at Ballarat West. After the toast of the Queen had been honored, the sentiment of “The Visitors" was proposed by Mr Baker, who expressed the pleasure of the com mittee at seeing them present. Mr Wither spoon responded, and fully reciprocated the kindly remarks of tho chairman. Mr Clark, chief inspector of permanent ways; Mr J. Anderson, uight foreman at tho Ballarat East Locomotive Sheds; and Mr R. Wreford,' secre tary of the Orphan - Asylum, also responded. The toast of “ Parliament ’’ was proposed by Mr A. Reynolds, secretary of the Excursion Committoo, who said that the committee were greatly handicapped this year by the increase of 75 per cent, in tho price of the tickets. Mr R. T. Vais responded. He said he very muoh regretted that the price of the tickets had boon increased, nnd that he was perfectly astounded at tho downright stnpidity of the department. Mr Valo proposed tho toast of the “Committee.” Mr E. Baker, ohairman, and Mr Goo. Brown, one of tho oldest 00m mittoomon, and who was ono of tho first to initiate tho excursions, responded. Shortly aftorwards a very ploasant gathering was brought to a close. Tho duties of secretary were efficiently and affably carried out by Mr A. Reynolds, who was ably assisted by tho ox collont oommittoo. Seventeen points of rain foil yosterday. Tho lowost temporaturo rogistorod was 59 dogreos. At to-day’s mooting of tho City Connoil thiß aftornoon, Cr Shoppee will movo : —“ That this council considering it expedient to effect tho undermentioned permanent works, ana to provido n furthor placo for pleasure, publio resort, and recreation, within tho City of Bal larat, proceed in oxoroiso of tho powers con ferred on them undor tho Local Govornmont Acts, to borrow the sum of tivoivo thousand pounds upon the credit of the municipality, on the following torms and conditions, viz.— That tho rate of interest bo 3J per osnt., tho loan to bo rodcomablo at tho rato of £250 por annum; that the loan be for n term of 20 yoars; and in order to offeot this the nooessary preliminary steps roforrod to by tho said Acts bo forthwith taken. Permanent works abovo referred to:—Gnarr Crook, £3000; Won douroo Creek, £400: Rodnn Creok, £1000; Nowington Channel, £500; Sebastopol street, £5OO, White Flat, £700; Hill streot Creok, £1000; Ploasant street, £300; part purchase, Saxon Paddock, £1000; necessary bailings nnd iraprovomouts to same, £3OOO. Total, £12,000. F. W. Goldsmith, the lato secretary of tho Ballarat Hospital, was admitted to bail on Saturday morning, Mr Poolo, of Molbourne, becoming surety. Tho auditors’ report is now in the hands of tbo presi dent, wbo hoB prepared his report on tbo matter, and both statements will be laid before tho gonor.al meetiug of tho com mittoo on Wednesday night. A resident of Buugaroo (writes our local correspondent) ha3 recently received a lotter from a friend nt presont in West Australia, ia whioh tbo writor commences by say ing—“ There hundreds of miners out of work on all tho goldfields of this colony, nnd still ovory boat that nrrivos is pecked with now arrivals principally of tho mining olass.” He adds “ if the present flow of workers from tho eastorn colonios continues fora short time without tho corresponding dovolopmont in mining here, which, judging by prosont pros pects in this country, it is hardly pos sible to oxpect, the privation and misery of those that find themsolvos bore in tbo noar future without monoy, will bo hard to de scribe." Tho writer concludes by saying— “ Don’t let anyono you know come ovor here at tho present timo.’’ The Maiden Eight race, which resulted in a dead heat betwoen tho Ballarat and City crews will bo re-rowed this evening at the Lake starting at G. 30. The steamor Golden City has boon chartorod to follow tho race, and tho public will be admi'tod on payment of threoponca. For the oouvonienco of the ladios tho Ballarat Club has docidod to throw opan its balcony, and entrnneo will bo from tho north gato. Tbo rnce is causing keen oxcito ment amongst tho partisans of the competing crows, and a large attendance is expected. Tho officials will bo tho same as at tho regatta, and thoy are requested to be punctual in attend ance. Tho following are tho orew«; —Ballarat City—C. Suffreu (str.), 10 (7), 10st Sib; A. O’Dea (6), 12s'; A. Allonder (5), list Gib; T. Watson (4), 10st; W. Cald well (3), 9st 111 b; G. Conltor (2), 10st; W. Cotter (bow), 9at 101 b; W. Jenkins (cox). Bal larat—P. Shopped (str.), lOst 61b; J. Har rison (71,10-t 71b; D. Kay (G), 10st Gib; B. God dard (5), list; J. Br ly (4), lOst; T. Algio (3), lOst; J. Patterson (2), 9st 61b; S. Coulter (bow), Bst; B. Arnold (cox). Tbo value of the trophies is £25 4s. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Agri cultural and Pastoral Society was held at Craig’s hotel on Saturday morning, under tho presidency of Mr G. G. Morton. Mr Fiskon informed the mooting that he had successfully grown lucor'ne in doop sand, which was always found to bo wet seven or eight feet beneath the surface. Donations as follows were acknowledged : —Mr T. Bath, £5; Mr H. J. Symons, £2 2s; City Council, £25; and Town Council, £lO. Accounts amounting to £2llos woro passed for payment. The Geelong to Ballarat railway lino is, writes our Bnngsreo correspondent, being vigorously c imposed with by road carriors, notwithstanding tho rec»nt ro-alassification of the freightage charges by the Commissioner of Railways. This week eight six and seven horse toams passed ovor the district roads from Geelong on thoir way to Ballarat. All tho largo waggons were heavily laden with merchandise of various kinds consignod to Ballarat merchants both in the City and Town. On tho return joarney to the seaboard tbo teams also parried largo loads from Ballarat manufacturers who send goods on to Geolnng. Considering the high prico of horse feed just now, the local people marvel how tbo carriors can so successfully compote with tho rail ways. Joseph Trebilcook, 14 years old. of Sebas topol, wag attandod to nt tho Hospital on Saturday for severe scalds on cho hand, caused by falling into seme boiling sugar. Thomas Heron, 45, of Maoarthur street, was treatod for a contnsod wound on the hand, causod by a fall of mullock at the Prince of Wales and Bonebaw mine. Captain W. Oates, a well-known mining manager in Kalgoorlie, W.A., paid a flying visit to B dlarat last Friday, prior to return ing to tho aceuo of his labors, nnd was on ter tainod by tbo president and officers of tlio Amalgamated Mining Manngors’ Association, of whioh bo is a foundation member. Captain Oates is tbo general manager of the group mines 011 tbo Boulder and Lako View lines of lndos in tho Kalgoorlie district, nnd was one of the oarliost mining manngors on the field, having held the management of the Fraser’s South Company nt Southern Cross for years. Mr Oates pnrposo3 again visiting oar city in about two months fnr tho pnrposo of inspect ing local mining mnoliinory, quartz lodes, formations, nnd also tho cyanide nnd chlorina tion process for extracting gold. An interesting lottor from South Africa was read at tho weokly mooting of tho Iron workers’ and Polytocbuio Association, at the School of Mines, on S iturday evening, under tho presidency of Mr C. J. Robins. The com munication was from Mr A. Needham, and was datod Johannesburg, 10th December. Tho lottor gave a dosoription of market day at Johannesburg at whioh nil classes collect, in cluding the Boer farmers with their oxen and waggons laden with produce of various kinds, and almost all kinds of languages can bo hoard spoken at tho raarkot. The auctioneer in selling usos two languages, English and Dutch. Johannesburg contains mostly English speak ing pooplo, these forming about 70 or 80 per cent, of the whole population. There are fro quout rumors of war and troubles, and conse quent unrest. Briton and Boer are mutually antagonistic. P-oplo are Hooking to Johannes burg in thousands, and it is unadvisable to go unless one has an appointment, a3 hundreds are out of omploymont and many are return ing. Every English and Anstralian boat brings its full complement, nnd this means competition, and in a little while wages will bo roducod and profits lowered. Entries for tho swimming matches whioh take placo on Friday afternoon next will be acoopted up to Tuosday evening next. Good entries have been received for the opon racos, nnd it is oxpected that by to-morrow evening tho minor ovonts will also bo woll supported. An important salo of property was oifooted by M“ssrs A. M, Greenfield and Cos., undor tlio instructions of tho Ballarat Trustees Exe cutors and Agency Company, on Saturday. Tho property submitted to auction comprised the farm lands in the estnto of tho late Mr John Salter, of Ascot. Tho first lot offorod, containing G 8 sores, was sold to Mr S. Russell Thomas for £IG 5s per acre. Theeooond lot, of 80 acres, was purohasod by Mr W. S. Holmos for £lO 153 por aoro. Tho third, containing 80 aoros, was bought by Mr Thomas for £G 10s por noro; and the fonrth lot, containing 199 acres, fell to the hid of Mr W. S. Holmos, tho price boing £4 lls per acre. The pricoa wore considered highly ntisfaotory, and showed a considerable improvomont on recent rates. Tho pastor of the Congregational Churoh, Dawson street (the Rev. W. H. Lewis), do siros spooial attention eallod to the mooting to he held at that ohuroh this ovening. The Rev. Wardlow Thompson, foreign secretary of tho London Missionary Socioty, accompanied by Mr W. Crnssfiold, J.P., of Liverpool, have op vory short _ notico arranged to visit our city. Mr Lewis offers very hearty weleomo to workers and olhors in connection with any missionary movomont, and assures them from porsonal knowledge of him that Mr Thompson is qualified by years of experience ns secretary to speak of every phaso of the missionary enterprise, aud is further a forceful speaker, who infusos his own enthusiasm into his audionoe. The meeting begins at 7.30. ’ The Government oil crushing mill has boon arreted in the machinery annexe at the Exhi bition Buildings, and the ernsbing of seed, will ■*? to-morrow. A purobaser for the oil at 2s 7d per gallon net has been found, and he will providebis own Teasel*. An exhibition of agricultural products will probably be opened in'a week’s time, and a small charge may be made for admission. Mr W. Anderson, M.L.A., reported to Saturday’s meeting of the Agricultural and Pastoral Society that he had seen tho Minister of Agriculture in reference to a charge for admission to the on mill, bat Mr Taverner preferred that entrance should be free. The question was left an open one, and a sub-committee was appointed to makn arrangements. ' On Saturday a groom named Franois G. Smith was arrested 7 by Constable Slater on a charge of having that afternoon stolen a ladder from the auotion rooms of Mos3rs Hill and Paine, of Armstrong street south.. The ladder has boon recovered, and Smith will appear at tho City Court this morning. Mr T. B. Hocking, who recently resigned tho position of mining manager of the Band and Albion Company after a long and generally successful careor, was tho ghost of tho work men omployod by the company at Harveys Westorn Ocean hotel on Siturday oveuing last. The ohair was occupied by Mr JT. J. Lake, who expressed the regret experienced by the company’s employdi at Mr Hocking s resignation ns a mining manager. Mr Hooking had indie itod pocnliar ability for the position in tho faco of very considerable diffionltios, and ho trustod that very soon Mr Hocking would sacure a hotter and more important position than that which ho had resigned. Mr Calvert, on bohalf of the Band and Albion workmen, prosented Mr Hooking with a valu able gold nlbort and locket. Mr Calvert remarked upon tho excellent relations whioh had nil along prevailed between the workmen and Mr Hocking, aud said that the guard and locket ■ wore but a small evidnneo of the osteom in which they hold Mr Hocking, wlio3o suooess in the futuro they earnestly hopod for. Tho health of tho guest of tho evening was drunk with musical hunor3, and Mr Hocking mado a suitable rosponso, indicating the grati fication resulting from the ossuranco that ho had the goodwill of tho man who had so long workod undor him. Daring tho evening the proceedings wore enlivenod by songs by Messrs Brown, Bates, E. Hooking, Luke, Kauffm aim, and J. Oates. Tho Bnninyongshiro Council will meet to day. An information has boon sworn against Sinmol J. Hartwood for tho alleged larceny of a canary, valuod at 10s, tho property ot Mr J. J. Kolsall. Hartwood is now under going a sontenee of one month’s imprisonment for having Htolon nnothor oanary belonging to Miss Smithwick, of Wobster street. In this instance it is alleged that Hartwood disposed of tho canary at a hotel in Lydiard street. Tho primnor will appear at the City Court this morning. Senior-constable Barrott, stationod at Ral laratEast, ha3 sufficiently recovered from his recent accidont to be able to resume boat duty. At tho Lydiard street Wedoynn Church yestordiy morning the Rov. Henry Howard oontiunod his series of sormons on the 23rd Psalm. In tho aftornoon the s j nior Sunday school was addressed by tho Rev. J. W. Palomountain, of B-jecbworth. The rev. gentiemao also conducted tho evening service, preaching from John iii., IG. At the close of the service tho sacramout of the . Lord's Sappor was administorod. The secretary of tho conference, the Rev. Thoa. Grove, con ducted the sorvioes at Pleas >nt street and Rubicon street respectively. Next Sunday tho conference supoiio* are expected to be the Rove. E. Hyp, 8.A., and Samnol Scholes. Two youths named James Malone and -Win. M’Kay were arrested on Saturday night by Constable Statlard, on a charge of having be haved in an offensive manner in Bridge street. The first step towards tho selection of tho detaohm“nt of Mounted Rifles whioh is to pro ceed to London next month to take part in the celobra'ions in June in honor of the Queen’s long rnign has been taken. On Friday a gene ral order was issued from headquarters anr nonneing that Major W. L. Re »y, who is in charge of the 2nd battalion of Mounted Rifles, is to be placed in command of tho detachment, and he will have to assist him Captain J. Nicholl, of the Clones district, and Lieutenant Dobbin, of Saio. Tho warrant officer of the permanent staff, Sorgeant-M ijor Algie, will also accompany the detachment. A prisoner named John O’Brien, convicted of larceny, will be transferred from the Ballarat to the Castlemaine gaol this morn- ing. The attention of owners and trainers is drawn to the programme in our amusement columns of racing events to be held on the Miners’ Turf Club course on St. Patrick’s Day, entries for which will close with the club secretary (Mr R. S. Foley) to-night, at Newton’s hotel. A big nomination is ex pected, as the many meetings that are being held in the district during the month should encourage owners and trainers to visit Bal larat for this popular day’s racing. r Tondors for tho following works will be dealt with by the City Council this afternoon : —Cinsfrneting Ronald street, pitching, chan nels Maoarthnr street, brick cnlvert and con stractiog Mill street east, providing and fixing bluestone bases for lamp pillars. On Saturday Michael Nagle, describing himself as a cutler, was arrested by Constable Ross, of .Ballarat North, on a charge of laroeny as a bailee of a razor, valued at ss, tho property of a resident ot Chewton named Donald M'Corqnodale. The alleged theft was committed on the lGth February. The accnsod will appear at the City Court this morning. The sessions of tho Victorian and. Tas manian conference will be further continued this week, when the lay representatives will bn prosont; Tho subject of Methodist union is to be brought beforo the conference,:nnd a groat amount of interest is.oentring in the docision to be arrived at. By the second reading of the station sheet the Rev. E. W. Nyo is appointed to succeed the Rev.'R. Philp at Lydiard street, who is appointed to Mount Erica. The final reading of the station shoot is to take place not later than next Friday. Mr R. S. Mitchell has pro<»ntoJ the carator of tho Botanical Gardens with over 2000 bnlbs, ! and h is been aoaorded a hoarty vote of thanks by the City Council. •■Special services wore held at the Town Mission Hall yesterday in connection with the anniversary of the Chinese Sunday school. They wore condnoted in the morning by the Rev. A. M idsen, in the afternoon by th j Rev. W. S. M icquoen, and in tho evoning.by Mr J. West Liu. At each of the servioos the children attending the Sunday school sang aovoral hymns in a very pleasing manner. To morrow night a tea moeting'will be held in the Cliinose Sunday school hall, and subsequently a pnblic meeting will take place in the Town Mission Hall. Mounted Constable Barr, tho officer in charge at Miners’ Rest, is at present an in mate of the Hospital, suffering from rheumatics and epileptic fits. He will nut bo able to re sume duty for a week or two. Messrs Lender, P.M., Cnrthoyg, and Wliyko3, J’s.P., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday. A m m who Imd boon arrostod for drunkenness was fined 5s or 21 hours’ imprisonment. Tho defendant, in company with three other men, on tho pre vious evening went into Cohen’s hotel in Lydiard street, and misbehaved in ’ snob a manner ns to compel tho licensee to sond for the police. Throe of tho pirty managed to oscipe before the arrival of the oonstable.s, but tho defendant wns too intoxicated to seek safety in flight. Harvost thanksgiving services ware hold at the Birkly street Wosloyan Church yester day, and tho building, beautified by flowers and gr-onery. presented a protty appearance. Tho Roy. H. Greenwood preached in the morning, and tho Rev. Arthur Powell in tho evening. To accommodate firemen from Ballarat, Goelong, and the Western district who are proceeding to Maryborough to take part in tho annnal demonstration, which commences there on Wodnosd-y, a spociol train will leave tho Western station tomorrow at 4.33 p.m., roaehing Mary borough at G. 20 p.m. About 350 men aro expected to leave by the train, of which uumbor 200 will, it is anticipated, be mombnra of Ballarat and district brigades. Mossrs A.. M. Greenfield and Cos! on Satur day, .at Craig’s hotol, offered for sale by auction the privileges in connection with the Ballarat Tnrf Club’s race meeting, to bo hold on Friday nnxt. Tho following were the prices realised:—Pnblicans’ booths. Mr R. Chinnery, £l5 10s; shilling reserve. £5 10a; and mem bers' paddock, £l 10s. The minor privileges, woro al-o sold for fairly satisfactory sums. Asa fitting termination to St. Patrick’s Day Festival, the famous nnd over-woloome Irish drama, “The Colleen Bawn,” will be produced at the Acndoray of Mane, St. Patrick’s Night, by a talented company of Melbourne artists. New and elaborate scenery will be used, so that Dion Bouci onnlt’s ■ beautiful play will be shown at its best. On Wednesday next Mr Mathieson, the Com missioner of Railways, will start upon another railway inspection tour.. Ho will first take tho Ridosdalo lino, and will then inspoot tho lines running from Ballarat ns branoh linos. With the inspection of tho St'awell lino, and. the Goroke and Honetoun lines, the work of tho Commissioner for this time will be com plete. According to the official returns issued by tho Government Statist, the population of tho metropolis at the end of last year was esti mated at -148,410. - This was a deoreaso of 42,480 compared with the oensus of April, 1891, bates against, the previous year the de cline was only 3818.; The estimates for the last two years are based mi. uinnioipal returns. Although the exaese of birth* over, death* during the lost 5} year* amounted to 42,950, there was a decrease of population of 42,488 - and hence there has been a loss'of population • by (migration from, the metropolis of 85,436, Durinu the last 12 months thors h„ v - in the population o£ aLS 8 b? 'o» from an emigration of 9196 lo„ . ' croaso (hy excess of births ov»» ia -SMB. The population in 1896 was «£ it. 1893 or 1891, when it fell b a | ow was amaller than in any of the nrl.i. 00 - k years. In 1891 as much as 43 0 n,r dlllif fit S in 1896 only 38 2 per oent., of thV r. an V bi >i of the colony was domiciled in ° pa,Jti >t suburbs. ‘ -‘““ttnis a 3 j The St. Patrick's Day festival have i-sued a vary heavy program,? nosday, 17th inst. ' events, which is usually a good day’s . ' wit ? ihe Wll 0 ' p a hQrlinß ®»teh bet* ® the Wallace and Bnngaree Hovers a fi 9tTsil reol race of about eight or ton hiat. *"’« Irish and Scotch dances, atoniS"’•"J The entries for tho horse racin"- close I° ? ’- and, with tho exception of the Stea„i t git t the ovents should fill well. Intending competitors at the naval . . military tournament are notifi, ! that must bond in their names to the ... m .jors not lator than to- night. Oalv ;! ?M,ct competitors will be ontitlsd to travel The tickets for tho ironworkers' or.,!' • to Melbourne on Thursday noxt fast. The adult faros are 7s: undo? K, ? !?/ available for rotnrn until 12tli Atwii m . > leave Ballarat West 810 aid 9.5 a Jr? larat East at 8.13 and 9.10. Bll ' A young man, charged with offensive 1 havior, was brought b-fore Messrs ? ? and Trethowan, J’s.P., at the Town p!? 0i Court on Siturday, and fioed 10s with 0, « cab hire. M Tho Hon. Simon Eraser, M.L.C bv tisomont in another column, returns n, ,e . r ' for his eleotion to tho Fedor .1 Convention Statistics relating to the movements of n, population of Australasia ilurincs lgor 1 * been issued by the N S W. tistioian. Ho estimates tho poonlati,™ 31st December last in the seven coin,? M 4,323,171. as against 3.807,805 at the ctoS *5 IS9I, Now South Wales havin?i n ,„”? from 1,132,234 to 1,297,640, and Victor! 1,140,405 to 1,174,53S since the census *. O , taken in that yoar. Tho por.omtage of in crease in tho case of Son-h \Val»> i.™" been 14.6, against 3 par cent, in Victoria 1? Queensland it has been 19.9, in Sooth An tralia 12.4, in Western Australia 1771;.’ Tasmania 13.3, and in New Zs.ilmd u During 1896 the population incrsasal k. 19,770 in New South Wales and decreued bv 6863 in Victoria—which is tho only colour to show a diminution in tho numbers of its people. Mr Cogblnn point, ont { this is tho first time tbit thoro bus b? an aotnal decrease in the population of ya. toria, though for five yoars thore baa boon a considerable excess of emigration as compare with immigration into tho colony. New South Wales showed an excess of emigration far 1896, this being tho first time such thiu* bn occurred since ISG2. Tho loss to the colony from thi3 0 .use was 842, as cornu ir=d wiH,, loss of 23,271 in Victoria, ' 1 At the last meeting of the Conrt Unitv A.0.0.F., No. 3200, Ballarat, Dr J. £ Riohurds was unanimously elected one of thi medical officers of tha lodge. There is a vacancy for a female assistant State school teacher, eighth class, at Bunin- yong. Appointments have been made as fol- low:-- Pupil teachers-- Outtrim, Victor E. Peters; Wedderburn, Eva E Hockey; North Melbourne, Annie M. Warnock; Wedderburn, Richard J. Keddie. Assistant, Eaglebawk- Amelia Stead. A enioke night ooncort in connection with the Working Men’s Club will be held at tho South street Hall to-night. 