Endeavour Notes.' LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT. (Specially Contributed.) " * My Dear Fellow-Endeavourere— Onr life's tream is beacon marked and mimoered. We hall soon be out of the narrows. Soon, we hall be where the two seas meet—the eea of time and the sea of eternity. It behoves us to be keenly alive to our obligations, oar duties calls, for the time is short." Time speeds away—away—away, Xo eag.e through tbe skies <if day, No wmds al ng the hills can flee So softly or f-o smooth as he, l.ike liery steed—from stage to stage JIu bear-'* us on—from youth to age. Then plunges in tLe fearful gea Of fatiiomless eternity. Another beacon is neu .ag us. _ The last one we passed full of the songs of Zion. We saw ahead nothing but sunshine. "Not a ripple ou the calm sheen of the silver surface." The beacon before had so impressed us that under the shadow of '96 all the ogres of the past were forgotten, and the lackadaisical life was buried in the determination to do, and wa meant it, too. But we glance over the course we have come. Amid the flotsam and jetsaija we have seen many a perishing one. Sometimes a stranger, olttimee a fnend; now aod again a loved one—one of our dearest com- • pauions—nay, one of our own family circle. Wo have seen the need for and have realized the opportunity to help. It has been often in our ininds to point to safety, to warn of danger, to throw cut a lifeline, to launch outi to save. Vir e can recall how., recognising the claim of that genial form tossed in the whirlpool, moved hither and thither in the rapids, dragged down by an undercurrent; wo have again and again been impelled by a Christ-given impulse to move, to seek, to plead, and yet. oh merciful God, we have let him or her pass by to surely perish. We. have crooned our consciences asleep and soothed the once anxious mind. It was our call, our opportunity, our responsibility. God forgive lis is the only appeal which can'be made. No, not the only one. for as the beacon now in view is casting its shadow over us we ad-i, "Oh give us power—power, from on high" to redeem the time. The new year is ahead. May it -be new to each one of us with new hopes, new aims, new aspirations, new desires, new life. We claim to be for Christ and the Church. Christ first. Church last. Many perhaps may place the Church first. This year we will place.Hiin first—" the Author and the Finisher." -Let us be actively alive to whatever duty he calls us to— Do thy duty, that is best, Leave unto fchy Lord tbe rest. Duty can only claim our attention as wfe c&im; the attention of God's Christ. Duty%trows strong only under tho light of the Sun of Kighteousness and fanned bv tbe breath of His Spirit. It will not only root and grow and send out its ehade-refreshing branches under these conditions, but it will-bud ~and blossom and send a heavenly fragrance into and from each Christian life— •X reach a duty, yet I do it not, And therefore climb no higher, but if dons - - My view is brightened and another spot Seen on my mortal sun. For be the duty high angels' flight, Fulfil it and a higher will arise Even from its ashes—duty is our ladder to the skies, And climbin? not we falL Duties after all are privileges. Each one bears the divine seal, and inscribed 4 thereon is tho 1 inasmuch" ..of . eternity. If you would have delicious fruits and beautiful flowers in your garden see that the g ound is well dug, ploughed, and weeded; that the trees are pruned, the shrubs cut; thattheseeds and bulbs are put in at the proper time, and the latter taken out to be carefully^stored for future use; that there is an abundant and copious supply of water. Then in the spring and summer the pedestrian may admire and others receive. Yes, the care, the supervision, the toil produce precious fruits and gorgeous blooms. You are blessed and others are blessed. Before '98 is reached let/ us prune and water and weed. Let us indeed climb, climb to heights before us, but never yet attained, for " climbing not we fall;" Many things are surplusages and hindrances.'' Let us have them cut off and taken away. The dance, the racecourse, the theatre, the wine. They aie' encumbrances. They weigh us down. They stav our efforts. For C&rist;'s sake cut, yea ca-t them off. Do' not wear the vestment of the world. "Love not the world neither the things that are in the world. If any man lore tbe world the love of the Father is not in him (1 JohniL 15). flLet each individual, each Society, each Union look to it. It is useless praying "Thy kingdom come" and pleading that "the kingdoms of tibia world may become the kingdoms of onr Lord . Jesus Christ" when we stand inert and inactive. Often the life is not the life, "life with Christ in God. 9 ' The power is lacking. What steam is to_ the engine, wind to the vessel, tent and electricity a 12 by 19 Ore, to the car, so is the. Holy Ghost to the individual. It is the small speck of dust which affects the mechanisation the watch; tbe tiny sting of the adder which brings death; the almost imperceptible lealc which sinks tbe vessels Let there bo an individual examination to Eee if there be any evil thin;; deterring and obstructing tbe work of the great power of the soul—the Holy Ghost. It has been truly said, *|The spirit o{ God must evangelize . the..Church- before the Church can evangelize the world." For Christ and the Church! Then we must be nsed by the Spirit. C.E. stands for "constant exertion," for "consolisolidated effort," for "consecrated energy." The fiev. Francis E. Clark says it stands foe "comprehensive evangelization." Oh, tho work we might do! Oh, the work we should do! and now for the work we m i do. Let us denounce evil, sin, and unrighteous living. Seek for the souls of tne lost, bap let not Christ's Church be built up by the Devil's art and craft. Dr. Parker says—"I don't smoke, don't drink, and don't get into debt." He says more— *' I still think we have lost a good deal by supuseding the ministry of denunciation by a ministry of tea and mafiins. over which we assure one another that whoever else is going to ruin we ourselves are bound for the hills of frankincenBe and tbe mountains of myrrh." I do hope that some of our young men will blow an alarm - in Zion, and clothe themselves mightily in-the hard armour of the Lord. Let us be manly and womanly for Christ. Let us be manly and womanly in Christ. Let us well consider the past in now facing the future.^ Let us ponder and meditate on all we might have done. Let us face fairly the omissions and commissions. It is well to realize failure. It is better to understand tbe cauBe, and, understanding' the cause, to lay it all before Him, that in the humiliation and confesison "we may be more watchful, more prayerful, and more overcoming in the future. . Thus seeking in God's power the bettermeut of selves, we shall be able to surrender ourselves absolutely and entirely to Him. We are His—He is ours, My life is not my own, bat Christ's-who gave it. And Be bestows it npon all the race; I iose it for His sake, and thus I find it; Accept it, Lord, for others by Thy grace. That is the keynote for '9S. Living "for others; letting our liveB be used in comforting the sad, and afflicted, uplifting tbe fallen, cheering the disconsolate, and saving the lost. Let us in the dying year re-register onr vows, and in the solemn hush of the presence of Qpd get fired with love, sympathy, pity, mercy, and zeal, and we shall be very giants for good amid tbe changing scenes 'of our.lives, the daily associations which are ours, - and -the friends and companions whom long ago we might have won for Jesus. With most earnest wishes for a glad, joyous, and blessed New Year, Yours, for Christ and the Church, « THE PRESIDENT. 