p::'iMUSEMENTS. ' ;. ...:?— ? ^ ? ? ? THEATEE ROYAL. ' Y? The playgoers of Western Aus tralia have much to thank Mr. George Darrell for, so admirably are all his pieces staged, and that the public are grateful may be gathered by the way in which the Theatre Royal is nightly thronged. The announcement that Mr. Dar rell would produce 'The Double Event,' his great Melbourne Cup drama, had the effect of attracting a large attendance on Monday night last, though this was a fore gone conclusion, the betting being a thousand to one on such a state of affairs. From the fall of the flag— that is, the rising of the cur tain — to the finish, the Darrell drama, getting away strongly, made the pace a cracker, and romped home an easy winner. ' The Double Event ' deals with the fortunes of John Marston's stable, 'Calcoola' having landed the Derby and been invested by the Governor's lady with the blue riband of the Australian turf. Like New haven, Calcoola is made a hot favorite for the Melbourne Cup, but the blacklegs of the turf, be lieving that ' unity is strength,' make all sorts of- endeavors, with a view of getting .the jockey to ride a ' cronk ' race, and , after a little wavering, the straight jockey (this on the stage) refuses point blank to ride ' stiff,' and so it is decided to nobble the colt. At this point a scoundrel, Tiger Fletcher, is got up in grsat style as a. ghost in spotless white. This vision might succeed in frightening a tea meet ing of school children at a Jubilee celebration, but it is hard to be lieve that such a spring-heeled Jack of this description — milder indeed than the Albany ghost — could hope for much success amongst the pious jocks and stable boys who frequent the training tracks of Flemington. What a picnic a ghost would have of it out Newmarket way ! Ho we ver, th e boy in charge of Calccoola is rendered hors-de-combai, and the vision in white is fitting out of the stable of tbe favorite into the night, when the ghostly one is observed by a woman at an upstairs window, who shrieks as though she had suddenly come , upon a mouse,, and we all know how a woman can yell when placed in such a perilous position. Her war-whoop alarms the neigh borhood for miles around, Cal coola's box is entered, and Willie Spry.the stable boy,is carried out in a deadfaint— so that he is 'scratched for all engagements,' and his Cal coola, wagers for the Melbourne Cup' are off. We are now .taken to Plemington.-but the scratching-pen would' appear to have been doing a gallop on its own account, for, as a matter of- fact, there are only eight entries in. the big event, and this, if our memory is not treacherous, makes Calcoola's year the lowest on record. Calcoola's mount, Wells, is assaulted .in a portion of the bird-cage by a little ruffian, half his size, which is a trifle perplexing, as jockeys, as a rule, if Professor Mick Nathan is* to be taken tis an authority — and Mick himself was once a jockey — all know how to put up their ' dooks.' The jockey helpless, Calcoola's old trainer dons the silk, gets on to the pigskin, and faces the starter. Presently ail eyes' are centred on the one 'great big thing of the Aus tralian racing carnival, the Mel bourne Cup. Here, for the time being, we forget that we are in typhoid-fevered Perth. For the nonce we mingle, as it were, with the thousands and thousands who watch the race from hill, flat, lawn and grand stand with bated breath. 'See! They're off! They're off!' The horses sweep grandly by, their colors,, rainbow-like, flashing in the sun. Round by the Saltwater River, past the abattoirs, the varied colors flash, and. now with a dash, kaleidi scope-like, the horses clatter and dash, .'.under whip, and spur,' into the straight. 'Calcoola !' 'Cal- coola wins !' ' no, Piccaninny !' 'Federation !' and such like cries rend the, air, as men, women, and children clamor, jump, and dash frantically about in their mad excitement.. Calcoola and- Fede- ration, however, come along, fight ing it out, inch by inch, neck and neck, and just a few yards from home, Calcoola, as if by magic, shoots rocket-like to the front and wins the Melbourne Cup. The scene was realistic- in the extreme, and one of the finest things seen on the Australian stage, showing once again how thoroughly Mr. George Darrell does everything. Deafen ing applause greeted the finish of Calcoola's Cup, the curtain having to be raised and all the horses and' jocks lined up on the stage facing the audience. The race over, Marston wins his wife, and then devotes his attention to dealing it out 'to the villains of the play.' As honest John Mar ston, who'll ' start Calcoola, even if she has to go on three legs,' Mr. Darrell was just as big a favorite with the audience as ths Marston stable was with the Australian pub lic. As Daisy, a decoy, but eventu ally a titled lady, Miss Conroymore than fulfilled all the calls made upon her. Mr. Fitzmaurice made the most of Tiger Fletcher, the boUl bad man in chief of the play, ruid Mr. 'Tom Cannam was splendidly placed as little Tommy Noles. Yiddislier bookmakers are all very much alike, and Mr. Meymott made, the most of Solly Yates. Mr Townsend was a capital Lord May field, and Mr. Ashton King, as Wells.the jockey, wassuitablyplaced. Mr. Herbert was hardly at his ease , as Eingdon; while Miss Alice Senior as the stable-boy, was so good, that the audience felt greatly grieved at the lad's untimely death. Miss May Ellis was an effective Edith, and was an extremely lucky girl, for while Calcoola landed tbe Cup, Edith carried off the owner of the winner, the hero — and had the Cup and Calcoola thrown in. Mr. Sutton treated the audience to a nice little character- sketch as the trainer. Mr. Neville was somewhat amateurish as the detective, and Miss 33. Senior had little to do, but did it so well that the audience would like to see her in something more pretentious. Miss St. John as Tommy's ' piece of property,' slung her slang about in rare style, and was generally a great favorite. ' The Double Event ' will be pro duced every evening until further notice. ? 