THE DEVIL'S HEAD. I — ? — 1 By d, FITZGERALD MOLLOY, i CHAPTER VIII. (OoKTurcED).— THE VEBDIOT. ' We never know bow much we care lor people until they have left as. And I can hardly realise that be Is not with ns still 1 fancy I ought to hear the sound of his footsteps ooimng from the study, the ring ol hlB cheery voice welcoming me. And It Seems bitter to think how readily he might have escaped this accident. Bad he gooe home by the other way, he would now bt llvinr. He ot all men ontht to have knowc how dangerous the Devil'a Head ia on a dark and lrosty night. Poor PhUip.' ' When I first saw the plaoe 1 was struck by Its sombre appearanc:, though I little thonght at the time how eoon it woald be connected with a tragedy,' said BlgeU ' Not the first ot Its kind that bas hap pened there either,' Major Olayiole stated. ' Three years ago a young shepherd missed his footing late at night, and was fennel with bis neck broken at the foot of tbe precipice next morning.' ' I hadn't heard that.' 11 You mnBt have the pathway fenced,' the Major suggested. ' 1 shall stop all traffic across the head land In future,' answered Blgel. ' And now, dear boy, 1 most get back to Oriana.' ' I shall bo anxlons to hear bow she is. I trust there will be no fever ; no cause for ' I will tell her of yonr kind enquiries, they will cheer her, and I shall come and see you soon again. Perhaps I caa be of some help to you during this trying time,' said the Major, as be moved away with a pathetic absence of his usual brisk air. Two days later an inquest was beld to inquire Into the circumstances of Blr Philip's death, Evidence of Identification being taken, Mark Fraser, an ander gardener, was the first witness examined,. Whilst on bis way to tbe Oasilc grounds, aod at about ?even In the mirntnsr, he bad dhcovered Blr Philip's body lying face downwards at the foot ot the Devil's Head. The deceased was quite cold. Witness had run to the Castle, tbe nearest residence, where he gave the alarm, and obtained assistance in removing I the body. Doctor Finskung, wb ) had been seat for I then deicrlbed tbe body as being In - , fectly healthy condition. ^ - - p^r aulted from a wo'- ?' ? had re left Up-' tm- loches deep On tbe _-Me coming In contact with a sharp ?tone. In hie opinion, life hal been ex tlnct several hours when the body was dli Covered, On being croBB- cxamlncd the doctor de clared that such a wound as the temple showed was sufficient to causc Instant death. The force with which a body falling from a height of several hundred feet would strike a sharp impeding stone would satisfactorily account for so severe a wound. There were ni signs or marks ot strain or violence od tbe body cxcept scratches 00 the face and bands, which bad been produced by briars and bashes, Tbcre was n* Indi&atloa; ol vlolcnoe having been used, or that the d^ce&tfed; had oome to his death by any other meana than by accident. Bigol next gave evident- ». ii_ 1 . £m._.h.n h. ^ ,sett h'l. C.U .l!' — j nod nee In a corridor the event g of Bir Philip's death, and exchanged a f .w words belote etch went to bis own room. They bad hat quarrelled at any time, nor had a disagreement eVer ariian between them. Blgel bad dlaed alone that evening, and at ab :ut ten o'cicck had gooe to bis bed room. Ncxs mornlog be had .be-~n wakened from sleep to hear of his Codsiu's death The clear and;wllllng manner la which be gave hi evidence, his deep fieling ani grave ompjrtment, favorably imprcaad tb . coroner and jary. Major Claypolc was next called and Stated that the deoeased had dinai at Ojet mor Oottageoa the evening 0f his death* iney were aione on tnie occasloo, as Miu Olaypole wae 111. Bir Philip had seem id ia bis usbal health ; he had shown no de prcBiioo, bnt_on tbe contrary h»d spoken checrfally offatrrc p'ans. He had left the cottage about eleven o'clock. Witue« hal Hot again seen Blr Philip alive. When he diuel at Coetmor Oottage it had been hla custom on fine nights to walk home, tbe way he usually took bdng across tha Djvil's ?Head, aB that was thj most direct and shortest. WitnciB ooosldered that on fro*ty nights the path across the headland was decidedly dangerous. Be did not know if this Opinion was shared by tbe deoeased. witness had ma-ie a remark to Blr PbUp about tbe darkness of the night, bat the latter bad replied that he knew every (neb of the ground and that the moon wohld rls - before twelve; In reply to a (urytnan tbe major said his daughter had br*en eogaged to marry Bir Pbllip. The engagement bed not been broken off ; on tbe contrary, the date of her marriage would have been fiied the evening th - baronet dibed with him bid she been well enough to see her fiance. No misunder standing or estrangement had ever arisen between witnere and tbe deceased. Glyodwjr had last setn his master alive as he ateppod Into the brougham that drove hin to Coetmor Cottage. 8!r Philip had been a considerate master and never wishel his servants to wait up tor him. On re turning late it had been his custom lo enter by the portal in tbe western tower, of which he had a latchkey. Witness bad gone (0 bed before eleven, and on bis way bid heard Mr Blgel playing tbe flldle In his room. It was witness whj bad wok^ Mr Blgel next morning to tell him ot the tragedy. In answer to the foreman, Glyndwjr siid he had never heard angry or unpleasant words pass between Blr Palllpand his cousin; to his knowledge they had never quarrelled, but bad always appeared good friends. Ser geant Howls, a sharp nosed, shrewd- looking man, stated that tbe body had been removed to tbcOastle when he bad aien it, a course that should not have been taken until the police had inspected the spot whero It was fonnd. He and his fellow officers bad im mediately examined the place where tb9 dc ccaeed had met hla death. Tbe brushwood growing oa tbe s de of the prcciplca showdd tbe track tak-n by the body in its dessent. At the bottom of the preclpico be had found a sharp stone covered with blood, which he produced, whose point, the doctor subte denture in (he left temple ol deceased. Sor geant Howls furthermore stated that the summit of tbe precipice showed no signs ol where the deceased had slipped. As rain had began to fail before the examination took p'ace, and the frosty ground had tbawd, it was Impossible to fiad tracts ot a struggle, if such bad taken plaoe. In bis opinion Sir Philip had shipped on a smooth stone that lay embedded in the ground near the edge of tho prcclplce, and rose an iocb above the earth, and in that way lost bis footing, Tbe Ust witness called was Georgi Foul Bham, a gamekeeper, a brown-faced, slightly built young man with a lo-k of strength in bis dark eyes. For goncratlODS his peonlp had been farmers on the Trogatkes ost«te until evil times falling on tbrxn they were no lor.ger able to rent their land, when this tbo last o! their liup, had. in preference to bci king bis fortune abroad, taken service ai a giuukeepcr, that bo might remain with his parents, whose support ho became. 01Q^P Foaisham stated that on tbo night Sir Philip mot his death ho (witncEs) was lo tbe park. Whilst he was sheltered bv some trees about als hundred yards from tbo Devil's Head, which then lay between him aod the OsBtle, be had heard a sharp and sadden cry that at first he bad thonght was a woman's vaic.', He walled tn hur if it would be repeated, but no second cry was given. He tben concluded the sound had come from some frightened bird. He knew that birds bnilt on the side of tbe precipice. Asked what be now believed, ho heiitated, then answered that the cry was so brief and sudden he conld not say, but ' WM ' blrd '''''bed by Blr Philips fall. He had gone forward towards the Davll's Head, but had heard nothing more during the night, He had mentioned having beard the sound to another gamekeeper before he was aware of Sir Philip's drath. Cjaestioos and examinations failing to gain anything more from him, It merely remained for tho coroner to sum np. Tbis he did briefly aod clearly, pointing out the abBence of all evi dence to prove that diseased had come to hlB death through the Instrumentality of another or others, or by any means save that of accident j and In agreement with this view tbe jury without hesitation re lumed a verdict of aeoidental death. And so It happened that within a week from the day on whioh Sir Philip Xregaakea bad hoped to have the date of bis marriage fixed, his mortal pemalna were laid .with tbe ashes ot his ancestors in the dark vaults of Oymmer Abbey. Late in tbe night ot the day on which this event took plaos,. Blgel sat alope in the library. Be had occupied the same chair since dinner time, neither attempting to read nor to write, Indeed scarcely stirring his mind occupied by one dominant thought that shut out all others. Tbe chilliness of the room, In which the fire bad long died out, at last roused him, when he rose and walked backwards and forwards, striving to rid himself of the idea that gripped him. By degrees tho library seemed to become a prison from which be sought to escape, forgetting that it to break away. In the hope ot temporarily lidding him self of his burden, he left the room, and following a long, narrow passage, came to a little hall. Here he pnt on bis coat and cap, and passlog through the portal ot the western tower came npon a broad plateau that flanked thla side of the Castle and led to tbe shrubbery, covering a steep descent to tbe valley. Tbe night was cold; a pale, hazy sky, lighted by a late moon, hang over sin opal-tinted world of profound silence and of perfect peace, Now and then a brecse stirred the dead leaves lying thick aronnd his feet. In the near distance were tbe terraces, whos: white statues peered llki ghosts through the gloom ; below stretched the trees, withered and black and stirred by every breath, like guilty souls that trembled with strange fears. Lighting a cigar, he moved slowly through this solitary melancholy scene*, always haunted by bis thoughts. A moment to the right brought blm In front of two poplar trees, stright and black, streaking the sur face of th-s low-lyiog moon. Instantly they recalled a certain memorable night, when he had waited In a garden near Florence I whose blstck cypress trees had barred the 1 yellow moon. Tnere was warmth then io tbe air, and jiy in his veins ; a languorous, 1 delicious odour of oraoge aod lemon groves, I and sweet -scented herbs secreting them- | selves in the underwood, had stolen on and 1 exalted his senses. Why not *' place, with its oppH»»*'- . ?f*TB fetarn to '? , — *? ?on'.h, where lite might be en jgyed to the loU, be ass9d hlaisjlf He lobkod tip at the Oail'e, with its dar kened windows, Its massive towers, ltB vast site exaggerated In tbe gloom, Its shadow stretching aronnd and beyond blm. The Jiiaoe held blm in its darkness. As be ooked, the clock struck midnight, and a shudder passed through him, for tbe ball of tbe clock was the same that had tolled the passing knell for his nncle and his consln, and Its slow tones seemed funereal. He moved hurriedly away, when a sound as of a following footstep fell npon his ear. He turned, bnt saw nothing save a withered leaf blown by tbe wind, then walked on once more, only to bear tbe ssme sound repeated. Agaih be paused and listened, breathlessly, some sense of terror ere 'ping over and cowering him. As he di'' ^'ue .t.p..Diinded ®°n U,„ htik cbc. 01 -v ?ornbher^ lu front were parted and a man's figure appeared, totaled, and then advanced to where Blr Blgel atood lu breath less surprise. 13 -ford he came quite cIob*, Blgel recogoised George Fodlsbam, tbe g&mekeep;^r, who bad given evidence at the [o-ia-fit, Blgel atarcd at bim lu silence. Fon'eham touched bis far cap, and looking flxtdly at his master's face; that In tin mojollgbt s:emed whi'.e and immovable as mafbto. taldi '' Beg pardon, Sir Bigel.' ' Ah, Foulsham, you are looking after the poaoheis. Have tbo rascals been troublesome of late ? ' Big j1 said, striving to conceal tbe dhmsy he felt at tbe uoiesired appearance ot this wltocss at the lnqaist. 'It's not that, 8ir Bigel,' tho game keeper replied, a little awkwardly, m he fit? 1 bis eyes upon bis master's faftei NoTi ' 1 h&£e been waiting for a chance of speaking to you for eoma days; aod when 10 tbe shrubbery 1 be*rd someone moving about 1 thought it w&s; likely to be you, bo 1 came np. Hope you'll excuse me, Blr Blgel.' The bewilderment and ettprnse Bigol had felt at first sight ot the mtn deepened at his words. ' You want to speik to me V' he remarked, by way tf siylng something, whilst he ctrovo to control himself. '? It yon picas-*, Sir Blgel,' replied Fouls ham, Id a grave vole:. 'What 1s it f ' Bigel jerked out as, he came closet to him. The gamekeeper hesitated In bis answer, whilst his embirrassmant Increased. 4l Tell m*.— lell me,' said Blgel eagerly. Foulsham looked over bis shoulder to wjrdB the shrubberies, and aroaud him where tho black shadows of the OsBtle walls tell upon the terraces, before replying. *' If you please, Sir Bigel, 1 would rather talk to you where there's no chance of what 1 say being overheard,' As his bearer realised the Significance ot Fonlsbam's words a strained expression passed over his face ; then, with eyes dilated by expectation, he looked searcblngly into those that were fixed with a steady Blare upon his own. A secret lay In them. Blgel drew a long breath. ' Come with me,' he said in a weary voice, as he led the way towards the portal ot the western tower. To be Contisoed Next Batdbday.) 