T HI E EYE OFTHE SUN By EDwAnD S. ELas. CHAPTER XLVII. AROUM1ENTUM AD IIOMINE53. Three days after the departure of the visitors of Uncle Erastus, Col. Bradloy rode upto his cabin, dismounted, shook hands- with his old servant, who, after putting away his horeo, returned and sat down beside his old master at the rear of tile building, where they wore protected front theo eun's rays. The colonel had said, in answer to the question, that his daughter was well, but did not come be cause of the heat and the dust, and he had promised her and the many friends of the colored man that he would soon make his homo in Arkville, where they could often see him. "You are growing too old, uncle, to live out hero, alone," added the colonel, "and you know we have a little cottago waiting for you." " It's berry kind ub yo' alland I tinks dat I'll move To town. but yo' know," lie added, " dat Unle 'Itastus ani so wain wid his wanity dat lie doan' want to be a burden on his friends. I kin raise 'naough hyah, wid do help ob my b'ar trap, to git 'long cumfur blo." , " Who the mischief is growling about your being a burden " demanded the colonel. "You know it would be a plea. sure to us all to give you what IelpY you might need, but confound it, you won't need any more help.'' " Whufre o " asked the puzzled Afri can. " My workin' days am 'bout obor." " In the first place, you have no rent to pay, for the cottage is yours, and, in the' next place, you are the owner of 2,000 dollars that I have arranged to put in the savings bank, where it will bring you a hundred dollars interest every year." "Sakes ob gracious I What am' yu' talkin' 'bout, kyarnal I I nober seed two thousand dollars in all my life." " I have pleasant news for you," con tinued his visitor, who roalised that hlie had a delicate line to follow in order to deceive this old man, who could fiot be induced to be a party to a falsolood. " You spke about your bear trap just now. \Vell, since you put up that thing, of course, all the game that it catches be longs to you. You don't deny that, do you T" asked the visitor, with an assump. tion of anger ho was far from feeling. " On course not ; whatever comes into dat trap am mine ; dat's sartin." "You haven't sot it lately 1" "N ; I'm gwino to wait till the ani miles got into better condition afore. I cotches 'em ; dat is, when do wedder gets colder and afore dey goes to sleep fur do winter." " Now, Uncle Erastus, if some person should run across that trap, and sot it, and it should catch some eame, who is the owner of that game Why, you, cer-. taiuly,' added the colonel, not meaning to leave any loophole for his old servant to crawl through. "I s'poso dat am so, dough do man wot net him-" " Wouldn't have anything to do with it; don't interrupt me with your non sonso I Well, soine days ago, somoboly sot your trap, and what do you suppose it caught '1" " Gracious I I doan'-kuow." " Well, ai, it caught Cherokee Kit and \- Indian-Ike . Sure asyou live l!"- -- Unolo Erastus was sitting at the right of the colonel on a rough chair, fashioned with his 'own hands. Ho was leanine forward, with his elbows on his knees, looking into the handsome countenance of the old olficer whom Ihe loved, and who, in all the long years that wore gone, had had no words except of kindness to utter to him. Uicle Erastus lundorstood him so well that lie knew lie would never trillo with lid feelings. When he declared that the bear trap had been the means of catching the two notorious desperadoes, the African could not doubt it. And yet what an astounding fact ! He leaned his head down, and peered over the tops of his spectacles ; ten lie threw his head back, and starod beneath them ; finally, he removed the glasses, and looked straight at the colonel, whose face was as grave as that of a jidgo. Yes ; that was Col. Oscar radley sitting beside him. The African slyly pinched his own knee. He felt the pinch ; l was not dreaming. With a deep drawn sigh he straightened up, flung one lee over the other, and gazed with a puzzled expression at the wood on the other side of the clearing, " I neober doubted what yo' said, Mraor Kyarnel, and, wid do help ob do Lawd, I'll bloobe what vo' am tollin' me now, if it takes do hide dff." "You had better I You know whlat a couple of scoundrels those two men are. Sheriff Dabney heard they were out in this part of the country, and he sent a couple of his deputies to look for them. Happening to pass near your bear trap tlhey stopped to examine it, and there they foupd Chorokoo Kit and Indian Iko, unable to got out." " Do Lawd tabo us I How did dey got in dar I" " I haven't seen them and don't know what their story is ; I believe a tree fell on one of them and sort of dazed lcim. no found tlie door of the trap iftcd, with a piece of plank to hold it up. Ho and his companion crawled in, and, in doing so, they knocked out the bit of planking il some may and were caught fast. The snorif's deputies put handouffs on them and took thum to Arkvillo, where they are now in gaol." " Do yo' now whedder dar war any bait sot in dat trap, kyarnel 1" " 1 haven't heard." "'Cauas I'd like to kniow pow'ful much what do trap has to be baited oid to cotch hoes-thieves; I'll soet some more of it." " It looks as if the whole thing was an accident," replied Col. Bradley, con gratulating Iliieolf that e wasi getticng on swimmiingly. "But that isn't the best part ,f it. 1Sheril' Dabney tells ime, thaIt the State of Arkansaas some time ago offered a reward of one thousand dollars apiece for the capture of thos'e cnct, Iand, since your bear trap caght theem, of course the imoney beloigs to you." Uncle Erastus solumi?ily removed his straw lihat and scratelcid Ins pate, as if not quito sure that hi senses were still with "Kyarnel, would yo' mind sayin' dat nagiu 'I" aHis visitor repeated his declaration, and thon glared at the old man, as if warning him to make no objection to it. "Tihe alerilf says the reward goes to you, for nobody cleo lAs the shadow of a claill, to it I have mcade arraigeients it hi toboe hav the money placed it the sdvingo bak,whl or you cmall lte r interest on it, and, after your death, it will be divitded acnol your childroe. That's all there is about it." Twio thousancd dollars I in the old days before thie war Uncle Enletuse hod heard lis iinautor ubOisucI words ; lie iad Citloal it slave to be sold for that vast cua ; so hIad sote idea of Aits Incalining And lie was thie iowner of two tlouesanid dollars I' Ilias old master had jiatt told .hici so, and he had niever deceived him; thieroere, it was true. But the natural humbleness of Uncle Erastus whispered that he could never justly .wn osuch a fortune as that. It had graduafly worked through Ilia load that while the two criminals were oxamining his boar trap they had caught themselves. Not the remotest suspicion of the reoal truth ever flickered into his brain. If someone had set the trap for these two imen and caught theom, he could under stand that suchl person would be entitled to a part of the reward, but, as it seemed to Uncle Erastus, no one had borne I ,hand in the extraordinary buainess except h te two that paid the penalty. They had been found there by ollicord of the law I and worm0 now lodged in gaol, ,ith the Scertainty that they would sutler the just I punishment for their crimes. " What the mischief are you thinking about ?" The question was sharply asked by Col. I radloy, who feared that the old man was framing somie objection to accepting the gilt. Uncle Erastua started, and as he turned his ebony face toward his master there were tears trickling down hics chucks. "I was t'inkin', kyarnol, what old Uncle 'Rastus lhab boon doin' dat do Lawd an so good to him ; I don't dosarbo dat money." " If no one i.n this world .became wealthy who did not deserve it moro than you, we would Bl be begare.,' Uncle Erastus hardly grasped tle full meaning of this, but lie was devoutly happy. Ho lookedupward: " Iinks I sees Dine up dar a-smilin' at mo, 'cause .aho allers b'lebed in old 'Rcatus, but . hopes it won't fill me with iany wain wanity." " Fudge I. Uncle Erastus, have done with such nonsenso; you never had a speck of vanity in your nature and you nlever will ; your life is lti best sermon I over 'l?ard .preached and you have earned this money, so let us talk no more about it." SWhen tle moon was high in tho hea vens and Uncle Erastus was alone in his cabin, lie crossed the clearing, and taking the pathl through the woods, made his way to the hollow where stood his bear trap He was reverent, thoughtful, and hopeful, for a grand project had assumed form in his brain. Such an ,emotion as fear never troubled the old man, fur Ih felt thfat at all times he was in his Mal ter's keeping and cheerfully accepted whatever lie chose to send. Pausing in front of the hugo trap, ie inspected it for a few minutes. \Whon the deputies secured the two outlaws they had, of course, to lift tlho front and leave it thins, with the piece of plank sup porting it. Then they lad summnoned the unfortunate prisoners to come forth, and as they did so they were secured. No further attention was paid to the trap; which was left with the door still open. " It am sot," mused Uncle Erastus, "and dean' need nothing from rme, so I'll lobe it ai it am. I has a feelin' in my bones dat de next t'ing dat it catches will be a noutin' house." Lot us complete thil strange incident by sayimg that the little scheme of Var numi Howard, Shoriff D.tbney, and Col. Sradley reached fruition withouta break. Brigga. too, who might have claimed a par: or all of the reward, was as gratified as the others at tie omoans taken for turn ing it over to the African.i Though this mac had been raised in the worst quar. tors, he felt that innate respect which every man fools, no matter how debased, for the one who is conscientious and fully lives up to his profession. Uncle FraStus.soon moved to Arkville, and .to this .day. has never held tile sligltesta uspicion of the real cmeans by wlich lie became a "wealthy nion." Varnum Howard lineored in Arkville, puzzled to explain what caused the delay on the promised toelogram from Detective Brown. Hid lie not suspected that ho was absent from the city with the expec tation of returning at any hour, lie would not have stayed longer than to notify him that he was on his way northward. The young man had done much hard thinking. Ho congratulated himself that he had destroyed the iimpulsive message he firt intended to send to the olficer. * He has no thought that I have learned what I have ; lio has managed to direct suspicion to others, while lie made away with the real Eye of the Sun ; I will continue to mislead him until lie commits 0 some mistake by which he uncovers him self. If some of the detectives are dis lionost,.thoro are plenty who are not; I I will find one of them, and, unless I am mistaken, Mr Orson Brown will be sur prised when- this little matter is wound A message arrived from the detective that same evening : " What I hav to tell you is so im portant and lengthy that I cannot entrust it to the telegraph Como to the Grand Pacific at once. I will either meet you there or leave a letter which will explain I everytig I will say for your peace of mind tlhat, though I have not yet found Diamond, I am prepared to put you icn the way of finding .it, with only u delay I of a few days. -Of this be assured. "O.B." IHAPTEIL XLVIII. AN IIORTMIIT LEITERI. Varnuin Howaord' wns relioved upon reahing the Grand Pacific Hotel to lind that Detoctive crown was not there. t would have boon difficult to conceal Ili distrust of the man or to listen unmoved to hia ondless theories in accounting for the disappearance of the diamond of the Himnlayas. "I could not stand his speculations," reofloted Howard; " he would show me how suspicion pointed to other parties, and it would be my impossible task to look as if I believed what he said." A plump letter was handed to Howard, which lie took to his room and carefully read. " nM DEAR UowAnn,-Tho point which I have anticipated ias been reached. I confess that I call go no furthr ; I give it up. It isu't often tlhat a professional detective is thus frank, but justice to you as well as myself will allow um to take uo other course. I have resigned all cllfrts to trace the Eye of the Sun. I leave the morocco ease, with its false brilliant, for yeou to mnake such use of as you choose, if, indeed it will ever prove atty use to you at all. I have neglected the tusiucss which blroulit me to Chicago, ad haI ,o ordure flrom headquarters that cannot be disregarded. I leave town thli iorning, noid inu y not sue you agait uno less it be in Now York. The onlyclhiarge I make you is for my loitimato expenoses. I have done you ino good, and though you offered me a golnrour fee, I muat do cliie to accopt it. "You will recall that once during a conversation I declared that there is only oneo man living who can solve this untique problemt I did not give you the nametu of thi personl, but I amn now going to send you to himn. lI is a profoesuonal chemist, or rather scientific exporimeniter, whom peoplo ,sould call all alcheiulist, but whlich inatl is trot appropriato, since his ainl and study is not to loarn how to turn metals into gold, but rather how to manufacture artifcial diamonids. 1 boliova ihe has succeeded, but the tonetts pro. duced are so smailli aid thie exlIensl so groat that as yet the plrocess does not pay. "f . is conilidot of succeeding eveU-i tuilly anid I believe he will, but with that we have nothing to do. His oflico is at \- 5th Avonuo, New York, third floor. Ho las fitted up expensive apartments, whore le devotes himself during the nay and mot ofthe evening to xperimentation. When you go to him, after mentioning my name, do not fail to tell him I have withdrawn from the case, doclaring that e is tlhe only one who can solvothe prob. lein. That will boe a delicate complimont which he will appreciate. " Everything about this man is remark. able. tIu ia creature of moods. If you call upon him at an unfavorable time, as likuly as not ihe will refuse to listen or ohav anything to do with ou. If, on the contrary, ie is in ona of his genial tom pern, his priceless services will be eagerly given to you. l1o is a crank on diamonlds anid will give you points of which you never dreamed. " In the first placo, I doubt whother any living man has so odd a name as his -Soxos. Study it for a moiment. It spolls backward and forward the, same. You can print it in capitals or small let torn and invert it, and there it is, just as before; i Put it on a piece oe paper and hold it in front of a mirror, or raise the paper to the light and read it from the other side, and the name is unchanged ; in short, after once -printing it there is no way of getting rid of-it. It is always thlero and haunts you like a ghost. -Bisect the name exactly in the contre, either by a vertical or horizontal line, and it will cut only a single point. I know of a 1tev. Mr lIoxomi whose name has some but not all of these peculiarities, and if you can produce its equal I will be glad S' W" ell, MIr Soxjs is just as oxtraordi. nary in appearance and manners as his name, but I will leavo you to find that out for yourself. Go to his office, allow him to say all he wishes to say,'and it may be nothing at all, or-agood deal, according to the mood in which.ho' happens to be, and I repeat my- guarantee that ho will trace the Eyo of the Sun for you and mako clear whatot present is an.incom prehensible mystery to you and ime. " You aiid'l :havo giono into this re markablo business far enough to ascortain a:feww facts. Some one exchanged the ruil brilliant for a sham onie. .That person' was Misis Nbvillo or her aunt; Gustavus Hazen, Calvin, Wagataff, ir Starr, or your aervant Briggs. I liave asked my-' salf once or twice wlietlhr it is within the rango of possibility that the lawyer Jukes, in Arkvillo,. with whom the case was on trustod'by Wagataff, could have done tih. trick... He certainly land the chance, but it seems improbable, though it won't do to say that anly supposition, however vio lent;'ia improbable. I still hold my sus piciona, but it is useless to repeat them, for thoy are without the means of ver;. hcation, and since I have withdrawn from the case I will not embarrass you with any more theories iVishing you all po sible success, I am, very truly, " OIIsore.Buow.s." Varnum Howard read this letter tlrough, with. the utmost care. H. marked in his notebook the address of Soxes, and then twisting up the missive touched a match to it and flung it into the grato. ,watching it until naught but ashes remained. There was a grim expression on his face as he returned to his chair and nat down in a thoughtful attitude. "Ha is considerate enough to give me a list of persons, one of whom he insists is the criminal, but he leaves out the name of Orson Brown, without which the series is incomplete. Ho did not care to wait and moot m face to' face. Trained as he'is in tracing crime, he know he wou'd reveal his own guilty secrets in his efforts to turn my belief In a .wrong. ' iWhat does lio mean to do H hoe lr friends on both sides of the Atlantic, but he will trust none of -them - By and by ho will -tko a vacation, and crols.,the ocean, or he may do it under tlieo.preo tenco of basiueas; so as 0 to hauvu his ox penses paid. Ho will flit here and.there, when the way is clear puthimself in com. munication with the royalhouso of Russia or England, or perhaps with some woalthy man whose fad is diamonds, and sell thi Eyo of thi Sun for one hundred thousand dollars at least. Then he will come home and live out the rest of his days with all the pleasure that a guilty man c.an obtain. "But I am not through with hlim " exclaimed Howard, with a flash of his fine eyes. " Ho has act me down as a ninny, and lie had good reason, but I will have him shadowed by some ono who will know his every movement. If it takes years and moro than the diamond of tie Htimlayas is worth loe shall be brought to justice." It would soom that having settled upon Orson Brown as the thief every vostinu of suspicion of others must vanitsl. Why sho ld he look askance at Miss Neville or his servant Briggs, who had risked his own life to savo hi ? It may bu said that the torturing misgiving" concerning the young lady was that sheu was connected in some way witl the miscreant Hazen. f ahl did not oxchango the jewels the failure was because of Iack of opportunity, as in the case of the man. Both held tiho guilty intent, and were therefore morally guilty. The most puzzling question was con. corning Briggs. Howard must always be grateful to him, but he had boon incau tious enough to reveal that he know his master was carrying witl him a worthless pasto jewel, when, so far as Howard could recall, there was no way in which Brigga could kno r the fact that did not establish his guilt. It was this which precluded full confidence in the man and checked that rigid examination to which lie had meant to subject him. "One thing is curious," continued Howard. 6-Brown directs me to this crank with the namo of Soxos and guna rantoos that ho will recover the diamond for me. If lhe does li must establish the guilt of Bro n himself, and ie is notsuch an idiot as to open the way for them. It must bo that Brown believes he hala covered his own tracks so well that oven Soxos will not see them, but. if hI doesn't he won't restore the diamond to This rosonning in a circle was oxaspo rating, accompanied as it was by thil vague thought ihat perhaVs afltr all.ho himselo had lost his boarings, and. was again at sea. OHAPTER XLIX. TIlE MAN WITH THE STtANGE NAME, Tho IIman with the remnrkabl nanmo of Sxos occupied two rooms at his oflicesat \- 5thl AvOnun, Now York City. The first one was tittcd up i a sittilhg or re-o c"ption rooml, whilo 11 la largsrapartimont at thel back Ihe Ihad hIis chlomials, rtorts,. and ian infinito variety of vessels, delicate instium onts, and apparatus, with which he o nducted his oxporintlio a day after day and sometimes far into the ngliht. When he left for homeo h carefully lookod the doors bohind him, and thi janiitor never had admission to the rear room except in the presenco of the tu llasit. Varlitui ll Howard knocked oni the outer door and instnutly heoard a brisk stop fronu tie roar nanrtllolt, swhiclh did not Ialt unitil i hand wsos laid oil thie kiob uld the door was opolled wido. ,' Step in, sir, I am glad to sea you." 'PTh appearasco of M1r Soxos corros onidoed with Iis naieo. Hlo was barely fivo foot ill height, was perfectly bald, round and chubby, rominding oneo of thos little pith inagos, so constructed that no matter in what position you place them they instantly pop upright. It seeomed imposible that lie should over lie down; if he tried to do so he would bounce to a sitting posture or 1 Ind upon Ils small foot. His face was as round and as rod as the early moon and without the slightest sign of a beard. He had a broad mouth, with even, excellent white tooth, a pug nose, and the brightest of twinkling oyes. Ho appeared toho about fifty years old, but liad never worn glasses. He was dressed with exquisite taste, his suit being of the finest broad cloth fashionably cut, and without a mark or stain. It seemed impossible that it was Ihis working suit, and yet it was, he having the rare faculty of preserving it spotless under all circumstances. His voice was as musical as a woman's. Iocovering Ilis poiso as quickly as he could, Howard oxtonded his card. "Thank you, bit it's not necessary, Mr. Howard ; you and I have met bo fore." The impression had been upon tile ca!ler that such l was tile fact, but toe could not place thli extraordinary man " It must be so, since yourecoeniso me, but I cannot' recall the time or place whorero wo iolet." "Sit down ; sit down, Mr Howard," loe aid, .waving him to a heavy, comfort able chair, while hio dropped upon a sofa opposito, which was phnomenally olas. ti, or perhaps it s tthat quality in himn oelf which caused him to " toter" up and down several times before heo settled to rest " So you don't remenmber mie l no it gan, his face breaking into wrinkles of mirth which almost hid his eyes. " You are the son of the late Capt. Fitzjames Howard of the 81th Regiment, who died in 1875, and you will be twenty-six years old'on the llth of next April. You live at Hampstead, in the north of London, with your old housekeeper, Miss Hannah Preston. I presume you are on your way to attend the Columbian Exposition, or are just returning from a visit there." "I have just returned," the amazed caller found voice to say; "you seem to have been aln acquaintance of my father." " 1 know him woll; one ot tile linest gentlieen I over met, brave as a lion, and dosorving of all tile lionor he received. Tlhat Eye of the Sun which lie captured from that Sopoy whoei lie spitted him in front of Cawnporo on the 13lt of July, 1857, is among the most wonderful gems I ever saw. One of these days, if I progress as I am progressing now, I shall be able to make a second Eye of tile Sun, but call never Iope to surpass that, for it is perfect." This, tlhe, was tile secret of'Mr Soxos' good humor. He was advancing in the experiments on which hit had been on gaged so long. S"Sb you don't recall mol" Soxon continued. " How about Boucheron's at the Palais Royal, Paris, a year ago last spring 1 Don't you remember, my boy l" And lie racihed over and struck IHoward a resounding whack on the knee with his fat, chubby hand It all came back to. the young Inai with a flash and lie wondered that ie did not recall the acquaintance on the instant lie saw him. It was at the famous establishment of Boucheron, in tie Palais Royal, that the Eye of the Sun was on exhibition for a fortnight during the time named. One day, when in that place, Howard met Mr Soxos and chatted with him, though ihe could not recall that anything about his fatiher was said during tile conversation. Noverthe. less it was strange thal Howard should " You remember me now, ell " "Yes, I rocall it now, and must apolo giso for fgaetting you." "No apologising is necessary; thero's nothing in my appearance to lix nIe in your nmaemory.' " If I do not fail in recalling our moot' ing, only a few words passed between "You are correct, my dear sir." "Was the name of my father men tioned ?" " Not a word ; I made the acquaintance of your father in Amsterdam, Holland, some years after his return from India. I was much younger than ho, but I had already become interested in diamonds, and lie had thle Eye of tihe Sun with him. He wished tohave it scientifically tested by the best experts in Amsterdam, and there are no finer in all tile world." "Their verdict was favorable, as I understood from him." "How could it be otherwiseo That diamond of the Himalayas is one of thil few absolutely perfect stones in existence. Did you not run risk in carrying it to France last year ?" "No doubt I did, but no harnn came to it." "And you took it back home with you 1" "I-took it directly tllelo from Paris and kept it in a largo safe at my house." "Exhibited it to your friends when over they expressed a wish to see it " " I was proud to do so." "How many visitors to your house since thlen u" 'It struck Howard as singular that M1r Soxos should question in this manner, but lie gladly answered' him truthfully and fully. " The greatest safety of the Eye of tle Sun lies in its size, beauty, and value. Now, what good would it do a person to steal the Orloff or tile Regent He could not offer either of them for sale, for it would bo recognised. His only com fort would be to feast his eyes on it in private, and by jingo I" added Mr Soxes, " 'vo found a good deal of enjoyment inl that." Howard could not help recalling the stateoent of Inspector Brown concern-. ing this man. If ho happened to be in a genial mnood he would do most of tile talking... -He was extremely outertaining, and the caller did not care to break in on what he was saying. "1 Which are the most remarkable col lections of diamonds, Mr Sores 1" "Thero are four; the first are the iowels of the British crown in the Tower of London,-whlero the Koh-i-noor is sup posed to be." "That is the general belief," said howivrd,' " but very few people have ever soon the Koh-i-noor. That which they supposo is the superb goin is merely paste bor a glass mnodel." "You are correct. The Koihi-inoor is inl tile possession of the Queen at Windsor. Tile second collection is that belonging to the crown of Austria, the Schatkatniner at the Hofburgin Vienna. Tihe third is in the winter Palace at St. Petersburg, Russia. A fourth is the famous collection founded by August II. of Saxony, in the green vaults at Dres don. Tihoso are wonders, indeed, for there is no jewel mined from tile earth or found anywhero wllich call colnparo witi thle diansonld." Tile broad, round face suddenly bo caeu grave. Mr Sexes seemed to be oppilnescd by the grandeur of the thought that had come to him. Tile mlead, like a giant billiard ball, wagged fronm side to side, and Ilis pudgy little boson hIeaved deeply. Clearly lie was a boliovser in dianond." "Wihat private individual has the liunst collection I" " The late Harry Philip Hope, of tle firm of Hope and Co., London. As per. Ihrps you are aware, he was the owner of the famous Hope blue diamond of forty-four carats. This is between you and m, ' added Mr Soxos, tipping over towards Ilia caller, but instantly bobbing back like the pith image, " but there is good reason to believe that that Hope diamond is a part of the blue diamond stolon from the French crown. Al I that was a sight for you, Mr Iloward I Tien French crown contained the greatest colloction of precious stones ever brought Stogether. The lope diamond was rJ-cut and its shapo changed." "Where is the present finest collec tion 1"' "The Tiffany-Morgan collection ut the Museum of Natural 1 istory in this city is magnificent. especially in American gems, and in the Iational bluseum in i VWshington are some jewels given by the Tluan of Muscat to President Van Buron." "I have taken little interest in any gems beside diamonds, though I knowv that the genoine pigeon-blood ruby ranks higher.. It is generally believed that Nana Sahih of India carried with him in his flight to tle Himal.yanl jungles, whero ho perished, tho finest ruby in the world," remarked Howard. "That may have been tle fact, though I am not sure of it," rejoined Mlr Soxoa. "The filiest rubies come from the valley of the Moguk in Burmah thougl they now find them in Siam. The rubies, rather light in coloring, generally with a garnet or claret wino tint, but which are wonderfully beautiful by artificial light, are peculiar to Ceylon. A few, up to half a carat, and of clear ruby color. have been found in Macon County. North Carolina. The finest rubies of to-day are not the ones that have been recently mined, but are from old collections. A good many believe that the largest ruby in the world is in the crown of Catherine the Great in Moscow, but I have ox amitned it and it is not a true ruby but a gem of the turmaline variety. " Ah, but the Indian diamond mines have oroduced some marvellous gems," added Mr Sexes, willh nlotlher solemn wag of his head. " The larg,. li-ht yel ow diamond. Star of the South, weighin 125 carats, shown at tile 1847 Exposition, is now tho property of all Indian rajah. Those Indian princes appreciate the beau tiful. A pale yellow diamond weighin, 225 carats after cutting, exhibited by tile DoBeora Minin, Company, of IKim'terloy, South Africa, was bouht by anl oriental princo at tile Paris Exposition four years ago. The Ni'zam of Hyderabad purclased the Victoria or Imporial diamond, which weighed 180 carats after cutting. While it is not perfectly round, it is a beautiful stone of a bluish-white tint. T'le most extraordinary fact about tile Victoria is that; though one of the largest diamonds of modern times, it came to London without a history. While on exhibition it was guarded by the French police, for there were runiora that tile owner of the mine from which it was supposed to have beon taken would make an attemipt to recover it. It came from one of tile Kim-. berley mines and was owned bya London syndicate made up of thirty-two ohares. It was found by four men, three of whom lost their share in it at cards withint twenty-four hours after making their great rFn,]-' " Mr Soxos," said Howard, with a grim smile, "of laeo I have become interested in pasto diamonds. Aro they worn ex tonsively 1" " Among our best people they are not worn at all. A few imitation pearls are worn to some extont, but not diamonds." " In Europe many people lock up their diamonds, and wear others of paste." ...!-That is true, but thoro is little of it dono in this country. American people take chanco, and thoro are surprisingly few losiss. I saw more fine pearls worn by Amorican ladies during the Paris Exposition than by all Europa together. This is a great market for jewels, and [ could give you facts to prove it, as for instance in the last twenty-five years we have paid duty on nearly 200,000,000 dollars worth of diamonds and other precious stones. The value of all the diamonds in the world lias been estimated at 1,000,000,000 dollars, but it must be more." " Where are the finest poarns found ?" said Howard, leading on his host. "The Iman of Muscat has a pearl weighing 121 carats, through whlich you can see daylight. It is worth more than 150,000 dollars. One owned by Princess Yousoupoff was sold in 1020 to Philip IV. of Spain for 80,000 ducats, and is now worthi nearly 200,000 dollars. The Pope of Rome on his accession bocame tio owner of a pearl left by one of his predoe cossors upon the throne of the Vatican, which is worth at least 100,000 dollars. The Empress Frederick has a no:klace composed of thirty-two pearls, whoso value has been estimated at 175,000 dol. lars. Her mother Queen Victoria has a necklace of pink pearls worth 80,000 dollars, but that of the Baroness Gustave do Rothschild is valued at 200,000 dol. lars, whilo that of the Baroness Adolphe do Rothschild is moro costly still. The best judges are in doubt whether to award th palm to either of theso or to the Empress of Russia, who has seven rows of pure white pearls, valued at some. thing like 80,000 roubles, but the stones of which are perhaps loss beanti. ful to the eye. Tho ono belonging to the Grand Duclhess Mario has six rows, And cost 180,000 dollars. Mdllo. Dosno, a sister-in-law of I. Thiors, spent thirty years in collecting several rows of pearls which cost lier 75,000 dollars phe Empress of Austria has some of thle fitest black poierls in oxistence. Her casket and that of the Czarina of Russia include the most famoous pearls of that celor in the world. But," suddenly ox. claimed Mr Soxos, with a start, as if some one had jammed a pin into him, " here I am rambling on in this manner and for getting all about your errand." " What is that ?" queried Howard, smiling. "Youi havo had the Eye of the Sun stolen, and hlavo comLo to me to help yno find it, and I am waiting to do so." (lTJ he Cstltnut.id) Pnoy. BunT WILDER, of U(rnelI, u making a collection of brains. He wants brains, other people's. He is esopcially desirous that editors should leave their brains to him whon they go into the obituary department. Great splendid brains are what Prof. Wildez is after now, hence this appeal to the editors. ONE of Horace Greeley's nephews is a barber in a little 'town in Warren County, Pennsylvania. In peorsonalap obarance ho is not unlike his distin guished uncle. He think , Horace might also havo becomo a great barber it he had not got switched off in an* other direction when he was young and immature. Tun discoveries made by Stanley ,how that the Nile is the longest river in the world, being at least 4,100 miles in length.: Wore the Mississippi re garded meroly as a tributary to the MIisouri, as some geographers contend, tho latter stream would surpass. the African wator- courso, having a length of 4,500 miles. 