THE DOCTORS CONTROVERSY. (To thk Editor of the Gympie Times.) Sir, — Our newly acquired acquaintance from Hughenden, Dr. Wynne, appears to surfer from that galloping affliction caeoethes scribendi, if we may judge from the remarks contained in his letter, wherein he states or infers that 'He would be exposing himsell to gratuitous insult were he to take the office of honorary surgeon etc.' Such an un warrantable attack upon the professional ability of our Dr. Geddie calls forth the most sevore condemnation. No maD, pro fessional or otherwise, is more deserving of gratitude and respecb than Dr. Geddie. He has well and nobly earned the venera tion of the sick and needy for years. When such a proven friend is publicly attacked by a comparative stranger it is a duty we all owe to investigate and protect from, wordy stabbings if occasion requires. I will here digress for the purpose of stating that though my acquaintance with the Gympie butchers and bakers dates from our advent, I am a literal stranger to nvery doctor here. Ihave never had occasion to speak to one or the other (nor do I want to, except in the position of broker, . because they bleed well). It is a fact I could not tell 'tother from which, hence I cannot have any Bartizan desire in thus addressing you (my colour is fiat justitia, etc.) To. return to the subject. Dr. Wynne was the first to open this attack on Dr. Geddie by using, as stated, this iusulting assertion ; nob content with its firtfc effect3, Dr. Wynne then starts dosing tho public ad-nauseam through your columns, using a double distilled decoction of his harmless ventricose. If ib pleases Dr. Wynne it hurts nobody, and all's well. Dr. Geddie armoured with public estimation is just invulnerable against the attacks of Dr. Wynne's boiled peas. To floor an antagonist Dr. Wynne calls the most popular professional journal of tho century — the ' Medical Ago ' — an obscure journal, and no doubt it is to him. Dr. Challinor, tho (nut a) TTnited States consul at Havre, writing to ' Practical Medicine ' is also obscure. (Is he talking to Kanakas?; Dr. Wynne thus emerges from his obscurity, and defines Dr. Geddie's position as — ' Knowing someone, who know someone, who knew Dr. Geddie's mother-in-law, who said something,' etc., etc. Let me assure my respected friend that, if he only lives one-tenth of the time amongst us that Dr. Geddie has dono, he will find himself at this school for scandal in precisely the same funny fix he ascribes to his brother (minus the mother-in-law). Dr. Wynne said he refused the hospital position because 'he was ignorant of the duties attached to it.' Had it not been for this open confession— which is good for the soul— wo ignorant laymen would not have known a word about it. However, Dr. Geddie would nob have found an insuperable difficulty in removing this iguorance. He has removed in his day bigger things than professed ignorance without any scalpel. Again, Dr. Wynne says that Dr. Geddie's memory is often defective. If he will jusb borrow enough current coin of the realm from him this illusion will be promptly dispelled, or my informant is wrong. Evil words like domestic fowls come home to roost. Dr. Wynne concludes by firing another equally amusing parting shot afc his phantom. He says : ' Allow me to conclude by stating that Dr. Geddie's opinion and treatment of myself was not the subject of my letter,' etc.. Oh ! ghost of Tom Pepper — all the world and his wife know that it was. I hope, sir, that you will not forget this is the silly season, and, with your proverbial generosity and our predilection for genuine fun, allow all the doctors a sbow in this controversy. Many are already netted for it, all will be drawn in when they 'round' on one another. Then, when tho curtain drops — just call in Priddy. — Yours obediently, 12-O'CLOCK SHIFT. 