A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The Interesting Case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, who says that a few weeks ago he was Crimled—Partially Paralyzed, Suffering from Loco motor Ataxia, and Helpless Doctors, Hospital Authorities, AND EVERY ONE SAID 1IE MUST DlE AS his Case was Hopeless. But they WERE MISTAKEN. To-DAY HE IS A New Man, full of Life and Energy, his Crutches he has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs have Life, his Appetite has Returned, and IN FACT, HE HAS A New LEASE OF Life Out and Out. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that wo have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 15 Crown-lane. Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old .baby, and bis face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about aud able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, ho said : “ You want to know all about iny case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who aro stricken as I was.” *' How long were you suffering? ” “ Well, twelve months ago 1 got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded wliilo taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since tho' Resident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billot at the Glebe Island.” “ What were the symptoms 7 ” “ Simply indescribable. The pains wero something terrible. They Mere for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no con trol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. 1 was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever, ho gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions,” “ Did you make use of the order V '' “ No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the door ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor waB attending me, and did all lie could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony 1 was in. I was un der him for live or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that 1 was suffering from locomotive ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might never get tiie use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked hiB legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams’ Pink Pilla for Pale People. I read in |the advertisement of a case which seemed to lit my own, I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sont for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and Bleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was tho first appetite and rest I hod for many a day. It was incredible. I immedi ately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now tak ing the fitth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, bgt J was tqo yfcak to usje them, and now I don’t want them. $11 T want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.” “He is 100 per cent, better,” said Mrs Jarvis, wiio had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills havo saved his life, and made another man A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. “I can now," continued Jarvis , “ have a cold bath and all the feeling has comd'bVck' in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to'he able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time daring the last five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and like a new man. On the ipuutplpleQO there is a box of opium- and morphia pills1 Xvhioti the doctor gavo the to' deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly bclievp their' eyes, My being about again has caused quite a sen sation out herb,1!'- " ' 1 Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what is said in all the ohiof newspapers of this country of tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotive ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from e,u impovorisljcd state of the blood,- suoh Aauah'»mia,’ pale'and sillow complbxioh, general miiscular weak1' ness,'-'indigestion; loss of appetite, shortness of breath,''pains in the hack, nervous head ache, &<<; •' “ •’ * Theso pills' aro a tonic, not a purgative. They are gonpinp only with the full napo,' Dr. Williams', fink Billo' for Palo People, aud [iVe sold by php'uuats apd storekeeper? generally, or the Dr. Williams’ Medioina Company, Queen’s Place, Sydney, will for ward on receipt of Btamps or poBt order one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d, 