trOLFJTS SCHNAPPS. It is necessary that all who desire a purq . genuine article, especially ladies when nursing lhould ba careful to buy bottles intact. borne from Zouroff. Had her countryman Mont- : rose stood tip over the last fence, I think he would have beaten Britomarte. as he appeared to be going very nicely wben he rose before Hayseed and came to grief. This is the first occasion that a mare has won the V.A.T.C. Grand National Steeplechase since its incep tion in 1882, and Britomarte makes, with Sir Wilfred, the second winner hailing from Tas mania. The time occupied in covering the tour miles, viz., Smin 25&sec.;, Is slower than the two pre vious years. As illustrating what a good horse Daimio must have been, he won the same race in 1S95, carrying 13st 31b, In Smin Msec. Of the others that ran In the race little can be writ ten except that they all fenced In capital style for about two miles. Then commenced the" ac cidents. Cedric displayed a good turn of speed, and jumped pretty well until reaching tbe treble the last time round, where be came down. He was followed by that usually sate conveyance. Confidence. Montrose, the other representative of Tasmania, after falling, was remounted by a bystander, who rode him in, and just managed, with the aid of tbe bridle, to claim third money. The rider caused some merriment in the weigh ing enclosure when asked to dismount by one of the stewards. He was very cautious and ap parently had only a slight knowledge of racing rule, as he wanted to know of the steward "if he was the right bloke" before he consented to leave the saddle. Bell Metal had a strong commission behind him in the V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race, and was quickly installed a firm favorite, whilst Blitz, notwithstanding liiE load, was next in request. Jas. King, who has not been seen in the sad dle for some time, had the mount on the top weight, but this availed little. The race was a good one between three relegates from the flat, resulting in the favorite winning cleverly from Cobalt and Silver Pines. J. Leek rode a good race on Bell Metal, and is evidently a bold fiinisber. The winner is a remarkably well bred horse, by Marvellous (iinp.) from Silver Bell, a sister to the famous Chester, by Yattendon. As a yearling he was sold forCOO guineas, but turn ing out a failure liewas a short time ago secured by Iris present owner, Mr Jno. Leek, for the modest sum of 50 sovs. Cobalt, who was started in preference to his stable companion, Charon, ran very respectably, and may win a good hur dle race before long for his owner. Veronica ran more kindly thau usual in this race for A. Williams, but Insurance appeared to tire under her impost. The Oma Plate attracted a field of 15 smart sprinters, and as soon as speculation commenced a strong support accorded Cronstadt made him favorite, but on the previous Saturday's display the Ballarat horse had no chance. However, in tbe race be did have a chance, with Hera ab sent. Mr Miller's mare, who Is notoriously quick on her legs, went to the front three fur longs from home, and never once relinquishing her pace, won all out by a couple of lengths from the favorite. Dowry and Kolia were each well backed in the race, but they failed to run up to expectations. The distance was evidently too short for The Chevalier, who ran last. Another divided handicap came in for discus sion in the Oma Purse, and this time punters were more successful. Mr Jas. Redfearn did not appear to possess any decided fancy for Waraka, notwithstanding which he started a strong order as against the heavy investments on Vanity and Eugene. The race was devoid of interest, as the favorite came out at tile home turn, and quickly smothering all opposition won by three lengths from Eugene and Alva. The winner Is by Malua from Cypriote, a N.Z. bred mare by St. George (brother to Chester) from Idalla (Imp.), by Cambuscan, and was bred by Mr J. V. Smith, of Linwood Grange, Baring- bup. Waraka is engaged in the V.R.C. Derby. The Malakoff Stakes was responsible for a good finish between Roselia, Trent and Canoona, all three engaged in the Caulfield Cup. Trent and Wait-a-Bit went out equal favorites at 5 to 2; then came Roselia at C to 1. Tho latter mare had the services of Bobby Lewis, and it was simply through his artistic handling of the daughter of Pardon that she succeeded in defeating Trent by a neck. The mare was nursed for a final effort, and well did she suc ceed in answering the call made on her. How ever, although the first three placed are Cup candidates, It must not be forgotten that some of those behind the winner are susceptible of improvement, and/nTiil run a much better race in October. Malto, who ran the previous Saturday in some what disappointing style in the Trial Stakes, was installed favorite for the Welter Handicap, and on this occasion the good looking son of Malua and Lady Vengeance was evidently in a better racing mood, as he won in a common canter from Table Talk and Miss Carbine. Nothing else had the ghost of a chance with Mr Percy Chirnside's horse, who, by the way, is en gaged in the Caulfield Cup at 7st 21b, and the Melbourne Cup at 51b less. Considering that he Is a five year old, the Cup imposts are light, and should he do well in the meantime there are more unlikely things than to see Malto well backed for either spring handicap. Sydney Tattersall's Club opened the new rac ing season— 1897-98— of New South Wales last Saturday at Randwick. There was a nice pro gramme submitted, and some capital racing was witnessed. One of the attractions of the after noon was the Hampden Stakes, a weight for age race over one mile and a furlong. In the race were several horses that have performed well and are engaged in some of the great spring events. Naturally the result was keenly scru tinised by those on the look out for likely Cup horses. Hopscotch was created a slightly "better favorite than the Derby colt Amberite, a brother to Mr P. Heywood's Flintlock, by Carbine from Duenna. Amongst the starters were Coil, Va liant, Delaware, Positano, and Newman, all horses more or less fancied for our cups. The favorite melted away after rounding the turn, and Amberite, who was then in command, came away and won easily from the Bathurst mare, Semiramis, and Coil, a moderate third. Am- | berlte is very well engaged in our spring events. Last season he twice lowered his colors to Mr W. R. Wilson's great colt Aurum. However, the latter is not likely to visit Sydney this spring, therefore the A.J.C. Derby looks a real good thing for Amberite, who is trained and raced by the very painstaking Eilly Duggan. Fucile, who Is another son of Carbine, in the same stable, has been backed in conjunction with Amberite to win the double— Caulfield and Melbourne Cups —for something like L25.000. One of the best contested races at Sydney Tat tersall's meeting was the August Stakes, where Standard, by Lord Lyon, beat P.N. by a nees' vrith Australian a bare head from the second horse. The winner was first favorite. Metford, who is engaged in the Melbourne Cup at 6st 131b, started first favorite in the ' Tramway Handicap, run under the auspices of I Sydney Tattersall's Club on Saturday. He I failed to gain a place, the race )»lng won by | Blue Vest, by Martini-Henry, beating U arwe and Admonition. The winner will be remem- j bered as showing same pretty form at Fleming- j ton last season. I The Spring Stakes, run for at Sydney Tatter- I sail's meeting, was responsible for bringing out a few Cup horses. Mr Sam Hordern's Hindoo, who is engaged in the Caulfield Cup at ist 91b, was made favorite, but he failed to run up to expectations, and the race fell to the well bred Woodford, by Newminster from Wood Nymph, a sister to Martini -Henry. The winner is owned by Mr A. Hooke, of Jeweller and Blue Cap I renown, and is engaged in the Melbourne Cup I at the nice weight of 1st 91b. Toreador and Gau- lus also ran in the race, and the last-named was very close up. Notwithstanding the untoward weather ex perienced by the V.A.T.C. for the concluding day, the Grand National meeting turned out a financial success. The first flay materially as sisted in bringing about a profit over the gather ing. The South Australian steeplechaser, Strike, who ran third in the Onkaparinga Steeplechase, won by Waterloo, died recently. Dora, a mare that won several good races in Mr S. G. Cook's colorE, has been sold to a West Australian sportsman. If she is treated at all kindly by the Western liaudicappcrs she is sure to pick up a few good handicaps over short courses. The. Dequetville Stakes, a race for two-year- olds, run under the auspices of the A.R.C. on Saturday, was appropriated by Dirk Hammer- hand, by Carlyon from Lady Doris, by Neck- ersgat, from Emily Faithful (imp). Cicero, a sou of Neckersgat and Hortense. ran sc-cond. Shortly after passing the post in the A.R.C. Corporation Stakes on Saturday, won by Mar- j ryatville. Thunder Queen, who ran fourth, fell, and Lord Salisbury fell over her. Fortunatelv the others avoided the pair, but Matson, who rode Lord Salisbury, sustained a fracture of the collarbone and a dislocated wrist. At a meeting of the S. A.J.C. Committee, held on Monday, the well known ex- Victorian trainer Maurice Griffin was called upon to show cause why lie should not be dealt with for accepting for the mare Britomarte in the Gawier Steeplechase, run on June C, without the authority of the nominator, and Mr E. Buckingham, secretary of the Gawier Racing Club, was called on to explain how be came to receive the scratching from a person who did not have the necessary authority to deal with the mare. Griffin was disqualified for one year, dating from the date of the meet ing, while Mr Buckingham was censured for carelessness. At the Queensland T.C. winter meeting, held ou Eagle Farm racecourse last Saturday, the Queensland T.C. Handicap was won by Bethel, who just managed to defeat the favorite. Nar cissus, by a bead after malting all the running. Mr Jno. Buckley, the secretary of the Vic torian Club, has received a flattering response from horse owners for the different events to be run at Caulfield on August 28. There are over 30 entrants in excess of the previous year. Saudowu Park, which is now a popular re sort of racegoers and the public who relish a country trip, has received a capita! array of entries for the half-dozen events to be decided on Tuesday, August 24th. In the Welter Han dicap, which is evidently popular witli horse owners, there are 27 entered. At Morphetville, South Australia, on 5th August. Alethe dropped a colt to Light Artil lery, the first foal of the season. Enfilade, an own brother to Nordenfe'.dt, has been sold to Mr Alec. Cameron, of Cranbourne, who has several nicely bred mares in hie stud. The Adelaide ft. C. Grand National Steeple chase Meeting was brought to a close at Vic toria Park on Saturday. Sunflower was created favorite for the principal event — the Grand Na tional Steeplechase — but she fell at the second and the double. Trojan, who was second fav orite, won in a canter from I.X.L., and Stock ings. Tbe winner is by Highlander, from Maid of Troy, and is owned and raced by Messrs S. Ferry and Son, and was ridden by Setli Ferry. Sunflower's injuries were so severe that it was deemed advisable to have her destroyed. Ronda. who ran second in Gienloth's Mel bourne Cup in 1892, after being In Mr W. For rester's stable for six years, without winning a race, lias been returned to his owner. The horse, it apears, suffered from an infirmity in the feet, which made it next to impossible to train liim. Joe Cook, of Sydney, intends trying to train Ronda. The racing mare Coquette arrived on Tuesday from Tasmania in the steamer Pateena, after a rough trip across tbe Straits. Towrang, a Sydney jumper, lias arrivc-d at Flemington. -He Is engaged in the Hurdle Race to be run at the Victorian Club meeting. At a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club, held on Tuesday, the protest against Scorpion, winner of the Distance Handi cap Trot on the Utli inst., was dismissed. Mr A. H. Cox, the secretary of the Maribyr- nong Racing Club, announces elsewhere the programme for a meeting to be held across the Saltwater River on Thursday, 26th August Entries close at the Moonee Valley offices. Kirk's Bazaar, at 6 p.m. on Monday, 23rd August. Mr Phillips, M.L.C., of Warracknabeal, has leased the thoroughbred stallion Mikado II. from Joe Gardner, for stud purposes. The Findon Harriers' Race Meeting will be held at Caulfield on September 4, and the en tries will close at the V.A.T.C. offices at six o'clock on Monday afternoon next There will be six events, and those will include the Findon Harriers' Cup, to be competed for by hunters, ridden by amateurs, and the Ladies' Bracelet Race, In which three bracelets will bo presented to the ladies nominating the first three horses. Lady Brassey, Mrs Freeman-Thomas and the hon. Miss Brand have intimated their intention of entering horses in this event. 