CHAPTER XLW-THE EVOMTIO.N OP THE PENANCE. Now the population of the inountaiu village, when thc Plague broke cul tn August, 1CG5, wa8 three hundred and fifty souls. On the eleventh of October, 16CG, there had died of these two hundred and fifty nine. Ninety one remained on thc brink of thc shadow of tho valley, waiting their several turns to be called. The two devoted clergymen of thc village had never slackened in their preaching af hope and resignation. Since thc latter days of July, thc Hector had held his services in the open-air at Cucklett ; but on this Sunday afternoon, next after thc eleventh of the month, in October, he had notified his flock that they would meet on the tableland around Clegg's cottage. This was in fulfilment of a proraiso to Mrs. Clegg. It had come into her mind that the Rector needed physical as well as spiritual refreshment. She waB a skilful hand at broths end possets ; and she bad hoped that Mary Talbot would also remain and take tea with her after thc sei fice. But Mary came early, and if you could have seen her sitting by tho fire, at Mrs. Clegg's round table, that reflected in its polished surface a chiua tea set, while a copper urn sung upon the hob, you would have found it hard to realise thc awful gloom that reigned half a mile away When Reuben Clegg entered the cottage Mary Talbot rose somewhat formally, and shook bim by the hand. He had come np through thc glen from thc chief outpost of thc cordon sanitäre, along the path which the Italian troop had traversed with the pack horses of an carly chapter in this history. He was considerably exercised by a powerful desire to accept the Faith of the Church, but his soul was still rebellious and fnll of doubt. Thc gloomy man at the outpost, ready to stop any venturesome traveller from entering the precincts of the village, had been recounting to him the tally of (he dead, and thc virtues .of many of them and their prayers, tho appeals of mothers for their little ones, thc sup- plications of husbands for their wives, and all thc bitterness of it, the unwavering, nay, the increasing numbers of thc dead, notwithstand- ing the prayers and holy services of the Church ; but Reuben's heart softened at the sight of Mary sitting with his mother, thc firelight glowing in her face, that was further illuminated by u smile that gave him pleasant welcome. Mrs. Clegg took an early opportunity to leave them alone for a while. Then Reuben said it was good for her to come, and that it cheered him to see her. She looked up into his face with a wistful inquiring gaze, and asked him if be was more hopeful of the village than yesternight, when lie was speaking with her father. Reuben only replied in a low voice that she was Iiis hope. A stray beam of sunshine pierced thc great elm that overflhaduwed the doorway, and flickered for a moment on thc woman's face, and Reuben saw that she was not displeased. It was a characteristic autumn day. The fading of thc leaf gave a golden glory to the forest trees. The grass was green in thc meadows. There were stretches of purple moorland mingling with tho yellow of thc bracken. A silvery miBt hung over the distant hills. Otherwise the atmosphere was clear and blue, with only a diaphanous cloud here and there. Thc crags of the dales of Middleton and Eyam shone while in thc sun. Thc cottage door was open. Mrs. Clegg paBsed in au out occasionally, her heart full of new und joyful hope. Presently she cloarcd uway her cups and saucers, and her servant brought out from the kitchen a small cauldou, und, having swung it upon a har that crossed thc ample firc-grale, busied herself with cups und mugs on the great oak dresser. Reuben aod Mary left tho hearth- stone aud stood in thc doorway, looking upon thc beautiful world that was spread before them in hill, sud dale, and valley, thc Derwent flashing back thc sunlight and thc blue sky between clumps of trees, and rounding the foot-hills of thc mountains with mirrors that reflected their misty summits. Then there came the clcrgymun in his gown, und by his side the inhibited Stanley, his white beard falling over his Puritanical vest nient. With them were Sir George Talbot, iu Iiis brocaded jerkin, his hut and [eather, and his gemmed haldrick, and Master Long stafle in bia Sunday clothes ; for Ile held with Sir George thal it was good to meet thc enemy with a cheerful face, counting on God'R protection, lo observe the Sabbath as they had always done, willi their customary change of raiment, " For, an' if we have to go down, ns my grandfather, the master mariner, used to suv," Longstaff.: would reinurk, " let UB go down ~i\ith Hying colours." Hut these men wein thc exceptions in tho village. Thc rest lacked neither courage nor faith, hut they look on the gloom of their surroundings ; and it must bc said for Sir tieorgc and Longstaflc that the Angel nf Death had passed over their dwellings. Longstaffe, who lived with his sister and an old maiden uunt, had not known an hour's illness. Sir George had lost relatives, but more or less remote in blood, It might bo that Heaven had deemed the Manor House so dccpl Smitten with other sorrows that it (iud lire spared the visitation of thc prevailing sieb ness. In this Master Longstaff : und Si George were exceptions indeed. 1'hel fellows, and the women of thc village, cam in scattered groups, with their children, t the service by Clegg's cottage, the little one clinging to their mothers' gown! or led hy th hand, no less sad of fare and manner thai theil elders ; for even such of them as hai seen Death before he appeared with his burn ing finger, signing MB victims with a purpl mark, had not seen him so grim arid lomhsom that they had shrunk with terror from th loving hands that had hitherto made thei little lives a blessing. And so they came, creeping up the glen 01 along the steep footpath from the high-road ti the still well-kept garden of Clegg's cottage and gathered about the great elm ; most o them, however, keeping as far apart from thc others as might be, many of them sad figurei of misery, sunken-eyed, wrinkled, hollow cheeked, weak of limb and dull of eye, bu with clean linen and clothes that had beet brushed iu honour of the Sabbath, 'J hi deaths had decreased in the previous month and October had come in with an almost hope fut bill of health, the grim conqueror having been content so far with only one or twe victims a day. On this Sunday it. was noted that two days had elapsed without a death though notwithout fresh attacks. The Rcctoi was therefore justified in thc emphatic worde of confidence in which he expressed hie belie! that they had seen the worst days of thc terror, that indeed God had at last hearkened to their prayers. There was one in thc congregation whose heart for a moment hardened at this acknowledgment of God'f tardy recognition of the hourly supplications of the people ; but he caught thc angelic expression of hope in Mary Talbot's face, the almost joyful look that came into her eyes, and he put away from him thc arrogant thought, and joined in the hymn thc prcachei gave out. But it was a weak and mournful vocal effort that the congregation made. It came to an end with something like a sob, as, one after thc other, they observed thc unavailing way in which the Rector tried to suppress his emotion. Those nearest thc extempore pulpit, that Clegg had made for him against the cottage door, wept with him as the great tears coursed down his checks ; for the hymn was a favourite with his wife, and he had selected it au that account, but bad not been able to withstand the pathetic remembrance of her death. It was at this unhappy moment thal Mary Talbot to be gazing intently into thc distance. Other eyes followed thc direction in which she was looking. Then, gradually, one after another, the congregation, as if glad of an excuse to turn away from the Buffering minister and give him on opportunity lo recover his composure, bent forward towards thc glen. After a little while they saw a figure coming towards thc village outpost of thc cordon ; a figure that appeared to all of them something more than human. It came on with an uplifted arin, ind strangely attired, as it seemed, in a long trailing robe, lhat imagination extended into the shadow thut followed it. Thc sun appeared to meet thc figure and give it a halo. Many thought it was Christ, and fell down and worshipped. The Rector saw it last, for his eyes had been dimmed with loare ; and he was grctly moved. Arrived al the post of observation, they saw thc scntiucl come forth aud warn thc stranger, raising his arms forbidingly, but the figuro came on, and now they saw that in its uplifted hand it carried a cross ; and many of the people culled out with a loud voice, " ll ia a prophet !" Aud Mrs. Clegg said. It ia God's messenger to stay tho Plugue." When thc stranger from thc outer world stood before the sentinel, thc guardian of the Cuss that led upwards to the village bowed eforc him, and thc visitor passed hilo thc while cleft in thc rocks and ascended, dis- appearing now and then, uf 1er thc manner of the Italian procession which Clegg '?nd his mother had watched in the happy days of l£yam- On a noarcr view, the visitor pre- sented a figure of much dignity of carriage, and tho cross that he raised aloft was uleurly seen. And every soul of ili a glim congrega- tion felt that their visitant «as of God, and thal a miracle was about lo bo performed. Thc sudden flush uf hope in their bearii already itiaightcucil thc bucks nf many that were bent, and brought colour once mure to their checks and lips. At last, when thc stranger entered into the presence of the congreg.ition, none nf them knew him for tho clean-shaven, academic, priest-like Roubillac of thc Old Hull. This man wore a beard thal was prematurely gray. His hair hung in a heavy mase about his face aud neck. His eyes were suuken doep into their cavernous sockets. His face was long and thin ; his uose bony and prominout. It might have been the countenance of a hermit who had mortifiod his flesh ; and yet Iiis eyes were bright, and he carried himself with a certain uprightness and strength that were in marked contrast with hiB ascetic features. This might, however, have been only thc temporary success of the supreme effort be was making to take upon himself afresh, and with physical dignity in their presence, thc great burden of his sin. " Nay, rise up," he said to many who had flung themselves upon their knees before him, regarding him as a divine being sent of God ; " 'tis I most kneel. I am not what ye think me." He spoke with a foreign accent, that sounded to Mary Talbot like a baleful echo of thc past. " Your warder at the gate has told me what I bad really learned among yonder hills and in thc villages of the silent valleys. I know that Kyam has been smitten with the plague, and that this open glade is to-day your place of worship. I came to seek ye assembled in your church, not to bring this croBB as a revelation to you, for I have knowledge that ChriBt is no stranger in Eyatn, though, in His supreme wisdom. God has laid a heavy burden upon you ; but I come with the dagger of passion and revenge as an emblem of penitence and hope." Then they saw that the cross which he carried was a dagger reversed, the blade in bis hand, the jewelled hilt of it raised as a eros«. And Mary Talbot now knew the voice that had joined her hands with Zilettoaud blessed them. She shrank back to the side of Reuben Glegg, who put out his arm and supported her, unconscious of the revelation of thc man, but thrilling with a happiness he did not check. When she recovered from her emotion sufficiently to stand alone she still leaned npon him, and he took her hand and held it. "I am that Bernardo Roabillac whom ye knew, he of the Old Hall, be who rewarded your hospitality with ingratitude and crime." Sir - George Talbot and the Rector stood forward in amazement, and a great sigh of disappointment went up from the people, "I am here to seek the peace which so many of your brethren have found, doing penance for (he sin I committed against you and the Holy Church of which I um so un- worthy a son, and from which I am an outcast until ye have heard me ; and then, by the merciful grace of Him who died to save all sinners I may hope to be taken back again into the fold, and pass away in peace. 'Twas I who, tacrilegiously takiug upon myself thc office of the good Father (Josteiii, performed thc celebration of marriage between Mary Talbot and Giovanni Ziletto !" As if the confession had broken his heart he staggered backwards, and was' caught in thc arms of Master Longstaffe. Thc cross fell from his hand. Sir George Talbot picked it up. But Roubillac staggered to his feet, and put out his hand for it ; and Sir George gave it hack to him. As he stood forward again thc penitent's vest was open, and it WUB SCCU that his broast was bare- he wore only thc coarsest of raiment. "1 have but completed half the penance, which I uudertook by order of Lorenzo, lite frieud of Father Costelli ; tocóme unto you by sea and land, without scrip or purse, a beggar by thc way, and declare my sius unto you, whom I have so grievously wronged. Thc hand that stretched out from the darkness, on that fatal night of the meeting of Ziletto and Clegg, was mine." A shudder passed through thc assemblage. Rcuhcu Clegg, loosing Mary's hand, stepped forward withu cry of joy. Sir George laid Iiis hum! upon his ann aud restrained Ililli. " Thc baud that struck Ziletto down was my hand; the voice that cursed him as he fell was (ny voice ; yet I hud thc heart to sit hv and sec your fellow- citizen condemed to death for my crime." Once more Roubillac staggered bick, and was held up from falling by Master Longitude, who, perceiving that lie was likely lo faint, untied llie remaining utraiu of his vest and called fur water ; hut ere long anyone had stirred, Liongstafi'u, turning a taco full of terror towards tho congregation, that had bj' this time gathered around him and the peni- tent, cried, willi il loud voice, " Hack ! He is smitten ; the purple nign is upon him !" And even un bc Hpokc, tho people drew away from him and lied, only Sir George, thc Hector, Clcgc, bis mother, and Mary Talbot remaining ; aud they, Kenden Clegg alone excepted, shrank from LmigsLalie and tho sulTcrer for a moment with tear and ab- horrence. Longstaffe was a brave man. Ile had faced thc peril» of infection with a stout heurt, and had closed thc eyes of many a dead friend and relative ; lint a sudden panic of fear seized bim, whereupon Reuben Clegg strode forivuid with a firm Head, and taking tlie dying man into his arms, curtied him straightway into his mother's cottage. Before the penitent gave up thc ghost, Sir George Talbot and the Rector took down tho dying deposition of Ilia guilt; and, os ho paBSed away, thc Rector prayed over him and held thc cress of hope and promise before his eyes, for, he said, "God is no rcspecicr <>f persoDs. To Pr testant uud Catholic alike, to Presbyterian and Orthodox t huruhman, to every man who believe« in Obrint Jesus our * Lord, the Gross is the talisman nf .Salvation." As he spoke there came out of heaven a cleansing wind ; and ftom that day the plagnu was stayed. When Spriug came again, they dressed their Wells and hung their church with garlands, dedicated to their mar. ys ; aud in the Autumn they celebrtaed their Wake with a gentle and becoming mirth ; but never again, in all the years that have passed since the advent of their Italian guests, has Eyam renewed thc cheerfulness of her former state. To this day u cloud veils her beauty, and the monuments'of her martyrdom challcngo the pity of the traveller and recall to thc people the story of h*r woes, In thc descendauts of Reuben and Mary Clegg, however, thc High Peak Hundred loses none of the pious courage that has covered the mountain village with a pathetic and undying fame. [THE END.] 