FACTS AND FANCIES. [BY BUCKENBOUR] We havn't practised much of late At rhyming or at ranting, So wish to tell our readers straight There's nothing here enchanting. The ghost of our lost gift perchance May rise in weak endeavour, But all the halo of romance Has gone from us for ever. Tho happiest man on earth today must be George Houston Reid. This is not a hurriedly drwan inference nor a passionately expelled utterance. We never put our goods on the market till they have been weighed in the balance and found proof against all hostile criticism. Of course John Naughton and a few other cyphers who are dis- tantly related to Truth differ from a Christian on this point. They designate our honored Premier as a miserable, pitiful, political abortion who is now courting retributive justice by daring to cross the "Deep and dark blue Ocean," where he will either be swallowed by a whale or else spew his warped soul out in spasms of sea-sickness. Such droppings from diseased minds always fall far below the strata of respectable intelligence, and in the mean- time the good-looking, well-intentioned, trophy- covered Prime Minister of New South Wales is moving on more splendid than a star to greater glories yet beyond. All honor to the true and brave. Reid has wriggled to the summit of his own ambition—has reached the ne plus ultra of Colonial politics, and, looking down from the pin- nacle of pansophy, can well afford to smile at pug- nacious liliputians. He was the boss orator at the Federal Convention. The farewell banquet tendered to him by the citizens of Sydney was regal in its splendour, and his validictory oration was a master- piece of words and wisdom. Parliament has sanctioned a lengthy continental tour on full pay and granted £1000 for incidental expenses. He will hob-nob with princes and break bread with the Pope's envoy. He will be the cynosure of all eyes and become known as the Great Australian Li Hung Chang. Ergo ! (if his new clothes only fit him) Reid will be a proud and happy man. Yes, George, it's right at times to stand Religiously elated, But do not let your belly band Become too much inflated; For when the sea gives up her dead, Ans England does restore you, We do not want to have it said Your work is all before you. * * * * To-night the Choirs of Heaven ray from blue con- cave their shining psalm, And all the discord of the day seems lost in sense of peaceful calm. * * * * "All people that on earth do dwell" ought to be slightly interested in earthquakes. Those who are above this sort of thing generally feel it the most. Some folks get over an earthquake very easily, but a lot more get under it. Many years ago the city of Guatemala, in Central America with its 20,000 inhabitants, was totally swallowed up. The sea fled in horror for three miles, then returning rolled over the ruins. Not a single soul escaped. A married reporter to the local paper described the scene as awe inspiring. In reading reports of earth- quakes it is just as well to always allow a little margin for exaggeration. Earthquakes generally keep within a prescribed volcanic belt, but the other day a young one broke loose and turned up at Kingston. It may come to Braidwood next. If so keep cool and don't exaggerate. Then it won't be half so bad. While mankind mocks religious worth And drink and crime abound, No wonder that the drunken earth Rocks in its reeling round. * * * * That £100 fine, plus costs, was an ugly jar to the Sydney dailies. Of course metropolitan journalists are not quite infallible, and when they legally err it is mere and right to make them civilly pay for the privilege. Contempt of Court is evi- dently not properly understood, but a few more object lessons of this sort will "bring the truth before the mind and make the doctrine clear." When delivering judgment the learned Chief Justice with much unction explained the nicety and nearness of prints involved. It was a splendid modern rendition of the ancient Charybdis and Scilla—on one side freedom of the press, on the other unbiased justice. Both were great institu- tions, but justice was the greatest. Defendants were exonerated from the charge of conspiring with intent to interfere with the due administration of justice, but as they had been and gone and done it justice must be vindicated, and Butler indemni- fied. The hard-pressed Press should now arise And candidly confess, That Butler's fit to Butlerize And paralyse the press. 