THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. DOUBLE DISSOLUTION ACCEPTED. REJECTION OF THE REFERENDUM. ANOTHER COAIPROAHSE PROPOSED, (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) ; SYDNEY. Monday. Tlio Convention to-day returned to the proposals submitted for the solution of dead locks between the Houses, the discussion being again of a general character. Air. AI'Millan was opposed to tho simulta neous dissolution of the two Housgb. lie had a strong desire to maintain in its in tegrity tlie bicameral system of Government. Whatever might be the future of Australia it would he unwise now to establish a com plicated system of Government on tlie basis of only one House. Having conceded equal representation in tho Senate, while they ought to tako precautions to prevent the States House from opposing the popular will, thoy should draw tlio line at anything which would render equal representation im potent. He was willing to go as far as possible in providing some solution of dead locks, but he would like to know how it was possible to preserve tlie bicameral system of Government with a simultaneous dissolu tion of both Houses. If there wore a disso lution, the Senate might be found divided in its State representation on different sides of tlio question. If both Houses went to the country contemporaneously, it would not he a question of the subject matter in dispute but of one House against the other. lie believed tlie electors had instructed them to make a constitution not merely the outcome of every wave and wind of public opinion, but a constitution which they believed was based on the principles of their own consti tution, and one which would stand the Bhook of time. He was ngainst the double dissolution; hut it might be well to give the Executive of the day power of alternative dissolution. That wns to say, it might be well on some occasions to dissolve the House of Representatives, and on others it might lie desirable to dissolve the Senate. If the Senate had just been returned with the con fidence of the people, it would be absurd to send it back again on its first quarrel with tho popular chamber. Sir George Turner: I am quite willing to accept 12 months from an election as the period beyond which the two Houses might go to the country at the same time. Mr. M'AIillan : They should send that House to the country which had been longest away from its constituents. He admitted that there was no finality in his proposal. (Hear, hear.) Neither was there finality in tlie dual referendum. If there was finality in any solution they adop ted, then federation would be destroyed. There wns no doubt that in certain, circum stances tlie mass vole was the proper one to take; but it was impossible to say when State rights and popular rights infringed one on another, as both were inextricably associated, and it wns impossible to differ entiate between them. Air. Deakin thought the Convention was exaggerating tlie possibility of differences arising between the Houses. He had little fear that the States would ever come into conflict as States; tlie struggle would be between tho majority of one party in one House against the majority of another party in the other House, Considering the manner in which the two Houses were elected, and recollecting the broad fran- chise on which the Senate would be based, deadlocks were more unlikely to occur in this constitution than in any constitution tho world had yet seen. Seeing that both Houses had been elected by practically the same constituency, what could bo more natural than that there should be occasions when both Houses should go to the coun try? He quite agreed, however, that some provision might bo made in the direction suggested by Air. M'AIillan, and that had practically been conceded hy Sir George Turner im the suggestion that- -12 -months should elapse. Air. Reid: If you wait for 12 months you will want a specinl incubator to bring the question to life again. (Laughter.) Air. Deakin: There could bo no doubt that the prospect of a dissolution would have considerable influence in settling dis putes. Air. Lyne: But even with tlie double dis solution and tlie dual referendum you would have no finality. ' Air. Deakin: Were they not refining on refining? The circumstances in which a double dissolution would not avoid a serious difficulty would he rare indeed; hut if it failed, there was the recourse to the refer endum, which destroyed the personal ele ment nnd concentrated the attention of lie people on the particular measure. It be came a question of measures, not men. The dual referendum had tlie advantage of clarifying the situation. It might not give absolute finality, but it was in the highest degree probable that in far the greater pro portion of cases tho majority, which might have been doubtful in a double dissolution, would be rendered certain in tho dual refer endum. It might not give finality, but it would give such a warning to the elective of the day that it would be a valuable solu tion of the deadlock problem. Having ap proached so closely, they should not hesitate now to place some provision with regard to deadlocks in the constitution, which, while recognising the rarity of such an occurrence, would be the means of so perfecting tho legislative machine as to satisfy the stream of tendency both inside nnd outside the House on this matter. Air. Symon would stand by the vote be gave the other day for the successive dis solution of the Houses; but he would trust tho Executive to the extent' suggested by Air. M'AIillan. Air. Reid said tliat while he was pre pared to trust the federation in tho largest possible way, he could not go beyond the limits of moderation; still less could he go beyond, the limits which would be sup ported by the people of New South Wales. The discrepancies between the colonies woro so serious,- that unless they hit on some golden mean which would not he absolutely giving up tho smaller States to the power of the larger, would they not come to the more unsatisfactory conclusion to give up the interests of the large to the small? No solution, it seemed, could be satisfactory to the smaller States if the lnt- ter were in danger of boing ovorcomo by tho numerical majority in the larger colo nies. If the larger colonies took up a similar position, and said they would not be satisfied with any constitution which did not safeguard the rights of the majority to rule, tliey might be censured. Sir John Forrest: That is what you want to do; to make the majority rule. Air. Reid: That was better than the cause which the hon. gentleman cham pioned—that the minority should rule. He declined to have anything to do with any solution of the deadlocks which made the States all powerful. Air. Douglas: Then what are we here for? Air. Reid: I do not know. No one can tell what the hon. gentleman is doing nt the Convention. (Laughter.) There must be something in the instrument they were framing which would prevent the consti tution from being defective in any vital respect; and it would be defective if they did not guard tho interests of the larger colonics. Air. Fraser: We represent one of the larger colonies— Sir William Zeal and my self. Air. Reid: I am sure the hon. member does not represent "The Age" on this mat ter. Mr. Fraser: I am not speaking about "The Age"; I am speaking about the people. 1 Air. Reid: Every provision put before the Chamber, except that submitted by Mr. Lyne for the nationnl referendum, was lack ing in finality, and therefore was absolutely useless. They might give up as idle every attempt to settle deadlocks unless they were going to solve them thoroughly. It was no ji6c playing with them; to. do so might bo amusing to the Convention, but it would be a keen disappointment to the people. There was nothing but a choice of unsatisfactory courses, and the proposal ho would submit might not prove satisfactory, but it would have this merit— that it would he final. (Laughter.) He would givo power to tho Executive to dissolve one or both Houses. That was the first, and, he thought, a highly proper step, in order that the people might have a voice in a conflict between tho two Houses. If after that appeal to the Semite constituency and the House of Representa tives constituency the difficulty still con tinued, ho could find no other conceivable remedy than some provision by which tbo two Houses might sit together. He found a precedent for that in the constitutions of France, Austro-Hungury, Norway and Bel gium. If he liad to choose between tho varying proposals submitted ho would vote for that brought forward by Air. Lyne. He looked upon the dual referendum as tho greatest monstrosity and absurdity ever heard of in this world. (Cheers.) He could understand a reference to the people of the Commonwealth, and he could understand a reference to the people of the States, as people; but lie could not understand this double tongued voice with which if 2,200,000 people said yes, and 600,000 said no, the latter would be just as powerful as the for mer. Air. Isnacs: Was not that the same as the double dissolution? Air. Reid: It would be unless it was fol lowed by something. There was no prece dent for the dual referendum in any consti tution. An Hon Alember: Switzerland. Mr. Reid: The referendum in Switzerland is an appeal to tho people, except on an amendment of the constitution. Air. Isaacs: Since July, 1891, the referen dum in Switzerland was to the people in the States only on subjects of ordinary legisla tion. Air. Reid: I have not had time to read all tbe literature of this subject. Air. Isaacs: I thought not. Air. Reid: His hon. friend was so well read upon the history of this question that he had no doubt he was right, but that did change tho objection to tlie dual referen dum, in which the minority could upset tbo will of a vast majority. Air. Dobson: But this is a federal referen dum. Air. Reid: Then why not have a little referendum to the smaller States? That would settle the matter without any trouble. He thought, however, the difficulty might be met by the two Houses sitting together. Air. Dobson: But in what proportion? Mr. Reid: Give me what I ask, and I will settle the proportion afterwards. (Laugh ter.) ' Sir John Downer said he would support the double dissolution and the dual referen dum, because he knew they would be a farce. (Cheers.) Mr. Fraser would not change his previous vote. Sir John Forrest condemned the vacil lating policy which sought to reverse a deci sion already arrived at. Air. Carrutliers supported a conferqnce between the Houses. Air. Isaacs contended that AIj. Reid's pro posal for the Houses sitting together left deadlocks just as unsolved as under any other system. If the proposal was carried, it must in any event dispose of the quota between the two Houses; nnd if it disposed of the quota, it left the House of Represen tatives to grow with the population, and, consequently, 6wamp the Senate altogether. That involved the absolute repetition of the proposal, nnd it would be better to take the dual referendum with the double dissolu tion, or the dual referendum without tlie double dissolution. Air. Symon: Are you prepared to take the dual referendum without the dissolution of the Senate at all? Air. Isaacs: Certainly.! Air. Gordon said it was' obvious now that the dual referendum would not be accept- table to New South Wales. Air. Isaacs: Yes, it will. Air. Higgios: Nor in Victoria either. Air. Gordon thought Air. Cnrruthers's proposal solved the difficulty. Air. Isaacs: Do you propose to adhere to the quota? . Air. Gordon: The quota must stand. Air. Isaacs: That is absolutely impossible. Air. Kingston said that while he was pre pared to establish a powerful Senate, he would not allow it to throw obstacles in tho way of the public without any responsi bility to the people, and without being sub ject to punishment by the verdict of the constituencies. If the Houses could not agree, they should each go to the people who elected them. Air. Higgins: They should face the same music. Air. Kingston: To provide for a double dissolution would not only make both parties desirous of avoiding such a contin gency, but if they did go to the country it would result in the issue being properly placed before t/he electors. He was in favor of tho national referendum generally if tho deadlock continued after the double dis solution; but he would give the power to n certain section of the House of Repre sentatives, say one third, to declare whether or not State interests were involved, nnd in that event tho appeal should he to the dual referendum. Air. Wise thought Air. Kingston's com promise was sound in theory, because they all recognised they were grappling with au unreality, and were only grappling with it for the purpose of allaying popular alarm. Sir George Turner said he w«b perfectly prepared to accept the dual referendum without tho necessity for a double dissolu tion. Air. Reid's proposal simply meant handing the larger States over to tlie small er States, and he considered that Air. King ston - had hit upon the proper solution in providing that a minority of the House of Representatives should decide whether State interests were or were not involved in any matter to he submitted to the referen dum. He could not realise that there would ever be a conflict in which States were pitted against States. Air. Higgins: Does not that show the ab surdity of asking for a referendum in which the States are considered? Sir George Turner admitted that it would be an absurdity, but what was the use of asking for a form of referendum that would be beaten by a majority of two to one? Air. Kingston's proposal would prove fair all round. Mr.' O'Connor contended that Air. Reid's proposal for a conference of the two Houses gave more approach to finality, .with less disturbance nnd friction in the machinery of government, than any suggestion yet made for the settlement of the deadlock auestion. Sir George Turner: That means that tho quota is to stand. Air. O'Connor: That is very likely. Sir George Turner: Well, that kills feder ation as far as we are concerned. . Air. O Connor was, however, inclined him self, in deference to the views put forward by Victoria, to make a concession in regard to that proposal by leaving it to the Federal Parliament to decide what that quota should be. Air. Higgins considered there was a great deal of unreality in tbe debate, because not only would the matter have to be gone over again when Queensland joined the Conven tion, but there was no assurance that Air. Symon's amendment carried on Friday was going to be rescinded. As for the refer endum, he was deeply chagrined at the action of Sir George Turner and Air. Isaacs in abandoning the national referendum. Sir George Turner: It never had the ghost of the shadow of a show of being carried. (Cheers.) Air. Higgins: Unless the constitution de pended upon the will of the people there would never be the shadow of the ghost of a show of carrying this bill in the larger colonies. He approved of Air. Reid's scheme, but agreed with Air. Isnacs's view regarding ,the quota. That was one of the most dan gerous proposals in the bill. Why should representation in the people's House depend upon the number of States? He would therefore vote against the scheme of a joint sitting of the two Houses until the quota principal was altered. Air. Holder thought tho whole mat ter of solving deadlocks might be left over until the next Convention. Air. Barton would not consent to a re ferendum unless it was preceded by a dis solution. Ho considered, however, that there was a great deal of good senso in tho pro posals of Air. Reid, that there should he a conference of the two Houses. They ought to do all they could to obviate the necessity for constant voting on tlie part of the peo ple. Air. Reid's suggestion mot that ob jection, and ho preferred it to tlio many al ternative schemes put forward. Air. Lyne maintained that all the trouble waa due' to Victoria not having stood by the real referendum, instead of adopting a sham referendum. It would be better to wait un til Queensland came in to tho Convention, in order that the views of members might be harmonised. The committee divided on Mr. Wise s amendment, providing for a simultaneous dissolution ot both Houses. Ayes 25 Noes 20 Alajority for the amendment .. 5 AYES. Sir Joseph Abbott Mr. Ibiuics Mr. Barton Mr. Kingston Sir Graham Berry Mr. Lewis Mr. Bruaker Mr. Lyne Mr. Carrutliers Mr. O'Connor Mr. Clarke Mr. Peacock l)r. Cockburn Dr. Quick Mr. Dcnkin Mr. Held Sir Philip Fysh Mr. Solomon Mr. Gordon Sir George Turner Mr. llackctt Mr. Walker Mr. iliggins Mr. Wise Mr. Holder NOES. Mr. Brlggs Mr. Henry Mr. Brown Mr. Howe Mr. Orowdcr Mr. James Mr. Dobson Mr. Leake Mr. Douglas Sir James Lee Stcerc Sir John Downer Mr. M'Miiian Sir John Forrest Mr. Moore Mr. Fraser Mr. Symon Mr. Grant Mr. Venn Mr. llcnning Sir William Zeal. A division was then taken on Air. Lyne's amendment for the adoption of the national referendum. Ayes .. .. .. .. .. 10 Noes .. .. .. .. .... .. .. .. 36 Alajority against tho amendment. . 26 AYES. Sir Oraliam Berry Mr. Holder Mr. Brunker ; Mr. James Mr. Oarrulhcrs Mr. Lyne Mr. Deakin Mr. O'Connor Mr. Higgins Mr. Reid . ' ' NOES. Sir Joseph Abbott Mr. Henry Mr. Barton . Sir. Howe 'Mr. Briggs Mr. Isaacs Mr. Brown Mr. Kingston Mr. Clarke Mr. Lcako Dr. Cockburn Sir James Lee Stccro Mr. Crowdcr Mr. Lewis Mr. Dobson Mr. M'Miiian Mr. Douglas Mr. Moore Sir John Downer Mr. Peacock Sir John Forrest Dr. Quick Mr. Fraser Mr. Solomon Sir Philip Fysh Mr. Symon Mr. Glynn Sir George Turner Mr. CoTdon Mr. .Venn Mr. Grant . Mr. Walker Mr. llnckett Mr. Wise Mr. llcnning Sir William Zeal. Sir George Turner then proposed the dual referendum. Ayes .. .. 18 Noes .. - 27 Majority against the amendment. . 9 AYES. , Sir Joseph Abbott Mr. IIowo Sir Graham Berry Mr. Isaacs Mr. Brown Mr. James Mr. Clarke Mr. Kingston Dr. Cockburn Mr. Peacock Mr. Deakin Dr. Quick Sir Philip Fysh Mr. Solomon Mr. Glynn Sir George Turner Mr. Holder Mr. Walker NOES. Mr. Barton Mr. Ilonry Mr. Briggs .Mr. Higgins Mr. Brunker Mr. Leake Mr. Carrutliers Sir James Lee Stccro Mr. Crowdcr Mr. Lyne Mr. Dobson Mr. 51'Millan Mr. Douglas Sir. Moore Sir John Downer Mr. O'Connor Sir John Forrest Mr. Reid Mr. Fraser Mr. Symon Mr. Gordon Mr. Venn Mr. Grant Mr. Wise Mr. llackctt Sir William Zeal. Mr. llcnning : At midnight the House adjourned until the following (this) day. 