My Own Particular Ghosts. Being a poor governess, Jt was naturaHhat.; I should be a guest at- a baroniul hull. ^ I arrived on Christmas Eve. Snow was fallmtr as I went up the chestnut avenue. To my disnuiy, a funeral bell was tollinuynnd as I reached the cscutchconed gateway, two mutes stood before the door. Somebody must be dead, then ? Yet the blinds were not down, and from some upper chamber came the sounds of dance musio played on n piano. Strange ! • . The footman who admitted me was hot in ' mourning, and my old schoolfellow received •• mo with* a most cheerful welcome. Lucy waited on me while I removed my travelling • apparel (governesses in ghost stories go in largely for " travelling apparel"), and I was then ushered into the drawing-room, where I • met some '20 gliosis who had come to spend Christmas. All were gay, and yet it was the. day of a funeral. As no one told me anything I thought it best to be silent on a subject 1 knew nothing • about. Perhaps it was one of the servants. We dined: we spent a merry evening. Whoever was dead, it was no near relation of '; my friends. When I retired to my chamber the tradi tional housekeeper in black satin appeared tn . ask if 1 had everything I required. "Mrs. Holding," I said, " who was buried to-day ?'" "Buried!" " I saw mutes." "Mutes?" "And heard the b?ll tolling." " Bell tolling? Then the legend of Tra voren Hall is not a mere invention. The eldest daughter of the Tmvorens never lives to be one-and-twenty; and the day before hc-r death a stranger sees mutes and hears a bell toll. Miss Adela should come of age to morrow ; but she will die in the night." " Have the eldest girl-; all died young ?" "There has not been a daughter in tho - family since Ethel Davoren, one of Queen Anne's maids of honour, und she died ou the eve of her majority." " But Sir Lusius and the others don't seem -; to dread this night." " X doubt if they know the.legcnd." Sleep was impossible after that. In the early hours of the morning I ex pected to hear sad cries; but, no! Adela, nob an rarly riser, had, no doubt, locked her door, ana the fearful truth was not 3'et discovered. I quietly dressed myself, and descended to the breakfast-room, ready to add my mite of eousolation to the bereaved parents. And 1 saw— Adela Travoren eating a chop ! Not dead! But the legend, and what I" saw and heard? Some one afterwards hinted that my mutes were the shadows of two lir trees on the wall, and that all sorts of hells.rang at Christmas time. But a legend is a legend. And I know a funeral bell from any other; just as I know mutes from a fir tree's shadow. How to solve the mystery ? - This is the only possible solution: We have here, alas! another good le.-endgono wrong. 