THE CHRISTIAN. By HALL CAINE, AUTHOR OF "THE MANXMAN." XII. — (Continued.) jo mi took a stride forward, and came face to faca and eye to eye with him. "What have you done?" he said. "Yon have used a woman as your decoy to will your challenge as you say, and you have struck mo in the face with tho hand of tile woman I love. That's what you've done, sir, and if it's worthy of the character of an English gentleman, then Gold help England." Drako put his hand to his head, and his flushed face turned pale. But Lord Robert Ure stepped forward and said, "Well, and if you've lost your church so much the better. You are only an out sider in the eccelesiastical stud, anyway. Who wants you? Your rector doesn't want you. Your Bishop doesn't want you. Nobody wants you, if you ask me." "I don't ask you, Lord Robert," said John; "but there's somebody who does want me, for all that. Shall I tell you who it Is? It's the poor and helpless girl who has been deceived by the base and selfish man,, and then left to fight th- battle of llfo alone, or to die by suicide and go shuddering down to hell. That's who wants me, sir, and, God willing. I mean to stand by her." "Dammy, sir. If you mean me, let me tell yon what you are," said Lord Robert, screwing up his eyeglass. "You," shaking his head right .and left; "You are a man who takes delicately nurtured ladies out of sheltered homes and sends them into holes and hovels In search of abandoned women and their misbegotten children. Why," turning to Drake, "what do you think has happened? My wife has fallen under this gentleman's influence, the poor simpleton, and not ono hour before I left my house she brought borne a child which he had given her to adopt. Think of it! Out of the shambles of Soho, and God knows whose brat and bastard!" The words were hardly out of the man's mouth when John Storm had taken him by both shoul ders. "God does know," he said, "and so do I. Shall I tell you whose child that Is? Shall I? It's yours!" The man saw it coming, and turned white as a ghost. "Yours, and your wife has taken up the burden of your sin and shame, for she's a good woman, and you are not fit to live on the earth she walks upon." He left the two men speechless, and went heavily down the stairs. Glory was waiting for him at the door. Her eyes were glistening after recent tears. "You will come no more," she said. She could read him like a book. "I can see that you intend to come no more." He did not deny it, and after a moment he opened tho door, and he passed out with a look of utter weariness. Then she went back to her room and flung herself on the bed, face down wards. The men in the drawing-room were beginning to recover themselves. Lord Robert was hum ming a tune, Drake was pacing to and fro. "Buying up his church to make a theatre for Glory was the very refinement of cruelty," said Drake. "Good heavens, what possessed me?" "Original sin, dear boy," said Lord Robert, with a curl of the lip. "A bad plagiarism, you mean," said Drake, bitterly. "Very well! If I helped you to do it, shall I help you to give it up? Withdraw tho pros pectus and return the deposits on shares — the dear Archdeacon's among the rest." Drake took up his hat and left the house. Lord Robert followed him presently. Then the draw ing-room was empty, and the hollow sound of sobbing came down to it from the bedroom above. Father Storm said prayers in church that night with a hard and absent heart. A terrible im pulse of hate had taken hold of him. He hated Drake, he hated Glory, he bated himself most of all, and felt as if seven devils had taken posses sion of him, and he was a hypocrite and might fall dead at the altar. "But what a fate the Almighty has saved me from!" he thought. Glory would have been a drag on his work for life. He must forget her. She was only worthy of his contempt. Yet he could not help but remebcr how beautiful she had looked in her mourning dress, and with that pure, pale face, nnd its signs of suffering! Or bow charming she had seemed to him even in the midst of all that deception ! Or how she had held him as by a spell. Going home he came upon a group of men in the court. One of them planted himself full in front, and said with an insolent swagger, "Me and my mites think there's too many parsons abart 'ere — what do you think, sir?" "I thinlc there are more gamblers and thieves, my lad." he answered, and at the next instant the man had struck him in the face. He closed with tho rutllan, grappled him by the throat, and flung him on his back. Ono moment he held him there, writhing and gasping; then he said, "Get up and get off, and let me see no more of you." "No, sir, not this time," said a voice above his back. The crowd had melted away, and a police man stood beside them. "I've been waiting for this one for weeks, father," he said, and he marched the man to gaol. It was Charlie Wilkes. At the trial of Mrs. Jupe that morning, Aggie, being a witness, had been required to mention his name. It was all iu the evening papers, and he had been dismissed from his time-keeping at the foundry. A week passed. Breakfast was over at Vic toria-square, and John Storm was glancing ever the p2ges of a weekly paper. "Listen!" he cried, and then read In a light tone of mock bravery, that broke down at length into a husky gurgle; — " 'The sympathy which has lately been evoked by the announcement that a proprietary church in Soho has been sold for secular uses is credi table to public sentiment. . . .' " "Think of that, now," interrupted Mrs. Calen der. " '. . . . and no doubt the whole commu nity will agree to hope that Father Storm will recover from the irritation natural to bis evic tion " "Aye. we can all get over another body's disap pointment, laddie." "'.... but there is a danger that in this instance the altruism of the time may develop a sentimentality not entirely good for public mo rals. "When tiio ox is down rhere are lots of but chers — yo ken." "'.... With tho uses to which the fa bric is to bo converted it is no part of our pur pose to deal, farther than to warn the public not to lend an ear to tho all too prurient purity of the amateur moralist; but. considering the char acter of tho work now carried on in Soho, no doubt with the best intentions . . . ' " "Aye, aye. It's easy to steal the goose and give the giblet In alms." "'.... It behoves us to consider if the community is not to be congratulated on its speedy and effectual ending. Father Storm is a youug man of some talents and social position, but without any special experience or 'know ledge of the world ' " "Oh, yes, he's down, down with him!" "'.... and therefore it is monstrous that ho should be allowed to subvert the order of social lifo or disturb the broad grounds of the reasonable and the practical ' " "Never ntind.- High winds only blow on high hills, laddie." "'.... As for tho "fallen sister" whom he has taken under his special care, we confess to a feeling that too much sympathy has been wasted 011 her already. "Her feet take hold of hell; lier house is tho way ot tho grave, going down to the chamber of death." . . deacon — I ken the cloven hoof." John SLorm had iluug the paper away. "What a cowardly world it is," he said. "But God wins in the eud, and, by God, Ho shall!" "Tut, man, don't tak' on like that. You can't climb the Alps on roller skates, you see. But, as for tho deacou, pooh! I'm 110 windy about your 'sisters' and 'settlements' nnd slk like, but if there had been society papers in the Lord's time Simon' the Pharisee would have been a uamby-pamby critic compared to some of them." A moment afterwards she was looking out of the window and holding up both hands. " My gracious! It's himself! It's the Prime Minis ter!" A gaunt old gentleman with a meagre mouB- taehe, wearing a broad brimmed hat and un fashionable black clothes, was stepping up to the door. "Yes, It's my uncle," said John, and the old lady fled out of the room to change her cap. "I have heard what has happened, John, so I have come to see you," said the Prime Minister. Was ho thinking of the money? John felt un easy and ashamed. "I'm sorry, my boy, very sorry." "Tbank you, uncle." "But it all comes, you see, of the ridiculous Idea that we aro a Christian nation. Such a thing couldn't have occurred ut tho. shrine of a pagan god." "It was only a proprietary church, uncle. I was much to blame." "What diffcronco of principle does that make, my boy? None at all. To sell a church seems like the climax of Irreverence, hut they are doing as bad every day. If you want to see what timeB the Church has fallen on look at the advertise ments In your religious papers, your "Benefice and Church Patronage Gazettes,' and so forth. A traffic, John, a slave traffic, worse than any thing in Africa, where they sell bodies, not souls." "It is a crime which cries to tho avenging anger of heaven, sir," said John, "but it is the estab lishment that is to blame, not tho Church, unele." "We are a nation of money lenders, my boy, and tho Church is tho worse usurer of them all, with its learned divines in scarlet hoods, who hold shares in musle halls, and its fathers In God living at ease and leasing out public houses. You have been lending money , on usury too, and en a bad security. What aro you going to do now?" "Go on with my work, uncle, and do ton hours where I did five before." lo he cjuiUttued, r v 