A V BROKER! EH8AGEMEHT. "I will not give you back your letters," ! said he. "But you have no right lo keep them," said I, "now that you ure not engaged to me any longer, Mr Howard." "Oh, my dear," he answered, "you cannot have ill the advantage. Tou have jilted me, and you can say what you please, affd I can prove the truth by our correspondence. 1 always kept tlio rougli draft of mine, and there's no law in the land to make me give up my own letters." "Gentlemen don't talk of law; they think of honor," said I. "All. whatever you please, Miss'Travis. I suppose the fact that, my grandfather did not leave me his property has a good deal to do with things being as they are. Good-bye, aiiss Travis." Eut I must have my letters back, and that night as I sat up in my bed I thought of the way to do it. Eon—I mean Mr Howard; lie was Ben to ine no longer—lived with Sally Gray's mother. • - . ' * • Sally was a girl you could trust She was a plain little thing, wiUi 'something the matter with her spine,, but- jaSt as S'ood as geld. I told her Everything, and now I intended to tell her the facts of the case and g-it her to let me go into Ben's room while he was away and look for my letters. I knew that Ben—I mean Mr Howard —was ou t by eight o'clock, and at nine I tapped on the basement window, and Sally, who was making cherry pie, lookfd up and saw me and opened the door herself. ' And then and there T sat down rind told her all about it and about the letters. "And I want you to help me to get them. Sally," I said. "Let me get into ifr Howard's room and take what belongs to me. And you will, won't you?"' "It's a splendid Idea," said Sally. "You'll have to wait until lunch is over and Miss Peck and Mrs Jones go out Then mother will lie down for a nap and Biddy will be getting things ready for dinner, and fta-ah rubbing the forks and glasses. I'll get the pass key—of course we have one for every i:oom. Now, do stay for lunch, darling?" And cold shivers ran up my-back when Sally unlocked the door and we Wer? really in the room—his room. "I- suppose he keeps his letters in his <3esk," said she. "t know he doesn't put them in his trunk, but this key unlocks all the drawers and desks in tlie house. "We keep it to lend the lodgers when they lose their key-rings. Now, I shall lock you in and come for you in on hour." I drew a chair to the desk, sat down, and turned the key in the lock. There was nothing inside but some notejiaper, and a little package of foolscap. and pens, and inkstand, and a blotting pad. I shut the desk and looked in the drawer. There was a cigar box. "Oh, dear," I thought, "where can I look now?" And I was about to try my key on the drawers, when I heard the street door open and shut and feet ascend the stairs. Then a key rattled in tlie lock, and I did the only possible thing to avoid discovery—at least for a moment. There was a wardrobe cupboard with curtains before it. , I ran towards it and stood bolt upright Tn the corner as Ben —I mean Mr Howard—entered, followed by another man. They shut the door and sat down. They lighted their pipes. "Ben," said the strange person, "you are not looking well." "I'm feeling wretchedly." said Mr Howard. "I wouldn't tell another fellow. but I believe iriy heart is broken— there, don't laugh. Tou see that photosrraph on the mantelpiece? We were engaged to cach other," said Ben, "and I loved her better than my life, and I thought she was very fond of me. But you know my grandfather cut me out of his will, and then a rich fellow began to call upon her, and she picked a quarrel with me — that's all. She's a mercenary little wretch, but I—I am a fool, Henry. I love her still. I shall keep her photograph all my life—and her letters to read and kiss. I would not give them up." "Stuff ana nonsense!" said this Mr Henry—heartless brute! "Tou'll find a better girl in no time." "There is but one woman in the world for me," said Ben. "There, now, I'm done. Tou know my trouble, ril hide it from the world, and you will never speak of it to any one. I know." "Tou'll not have any trouble in six months." siaid tlie horrible Mr Henry. "Now you'll come up and spend your holiday with tne, -won't you? Fll just step out and buy those things for my wife,tand you pack up what you need and meet me at the station." Then Henry walked away, and Ben— yes, Ben, my poor Ben—took a bundle of letters from his bosom and kissed them, and took down my photograph and kissed that, and then, having pulled a bag from the corner, be walked straight to the wardrobe and drew the curtain back. The next moment he was staring at me and I at him. "Is it ber ghost?" I heard him mutter; and I—well, there I was. It was not a situation to impart dignity. "It is only me in the flesh, Ben," I said. "I wish I was -a ghost, so that I could vanish. And now you can boast all your life, if you like. And I will say something. Firstly, I did not care about your -grandfather's horrid money. -Secondly;: J—I-^-oitfy meant to till a little—not to break. ofE; only to frighten you. Thirdly,"I—I—oh, I've found out that you really and truly love me. Ben, and though it is broken off—I —I want to know—T used to love you very much—and I couldn't be going to in'JLrry old Mr Javerill, because, he is engaged to my aunt Ophelia, and he never wanted me. I came to get my letters, but you may keep them." I—I've'misunderstood you, and though we part for ever, forgive me. Ben." And Sally was my bridesmaid when I married, and is to-day my dearest friend, and the only one who knows how Ben and I came to mnke np our quarrel. —Jane Summers in "The Folks-at- Home." 