(Contributed 35,rtiele. CHATS WITH CHARLIE. By a Country Parson. IX.— THE LATEST CHURCH FAD. Charlie, old man, how I wish you could talk I I beg pardon, Sir, I do not for one moment .wish to insinuate that you are dumb. Very far from that. Those ears, eyes, and nostrils are eloquent of speech. Many time I have been charmed by your ready response to your Super.'s ofttimes weary monologues. Bpt just now I would fain have your opinion in honest Anglo-Saxon on a somewhat knotty point. But there — better silence than an imitation of Balaam's ass, who, as the late Principal Fletcher once naively put it,, just preached one good sermon and and then went on braying all the rest of his life, like any other ordinary donkey! Listen, sir, I am troubled by a recent development of a church fad which, whilst it bespeaks a chronic state of ill health, is yet pandered to by a goodly proportion of our modern divines. I refer to the present-day unscriptural, , unhealthy demand for homeopathic ser monettes in place of the full grown masculine sermon of other days. A demand that cripples the preacher by placing within his hand a measuring wand, with which, forsooth, he is ex pected to dole out his message as drapers sell ribbons ! The stupids ! When will they learn that there are sermons and sermons ? Some that are too long at ten minutes, and others far too short at that hour. But quality reckons for nothing with many of the dyspeptics : — 'I cant stand a minister , nohoio, who' preaches one moment over 20 minutes , no matter how good the sermon. It should be cut of smart at the click of 20.' So carp these weaklings, and the trouble is that we have men amongst us who seem to cater for these brevity hunters, and who give out their message by the clock, rather than by the promptings of the Holy Ghost. Charlie man, they tell us it is a sign of senility to affirm that in anyone particular ' the former days were better than these.' I'm not an old man, as you know, and yet I venture to applaud this aphorism as it applies to this latest fad of our church life. The fact is we are getting limp in the backbone. The transition from straight backed pews to velvet lined lounges, is but a synonym for the insipid inertness that often faces the preacher, in place of the rugged eye hunger of days that have been. W. E. Gladstone did a good thing for Christianity when he denounced those modern weaklings, designated, by him ' oncers.' Alas, the race -is developing, and it is a very unscriptural development. Now, old friend, take in this significant fact, there are men who forsooth call themselves Christians, and Methodist Christians to boot, who cheerfully give eight or ten, or even more hours every day to the claims of business, and when the Lord's day comes round, one short hour and a quarter is all that can be given to the holy experi ences of the sanctuary of God. Can that be termed a fair proportion ? Ay, and if it should so happen that on Sunday (mark, it only applies to Sunday), such should suffer from mental or physical weariness, or;. if it has happened to rain during the night, or looks like a shower' ahead, even this hour is liable to be surrendered. Man alive, such people, call them what ; you may, are certainly not Bible Christians. Eli ! but how I should like to see, just for once, St. Peter, or Luther, or Wesley in one of our modern pulpits, with Matt. vi. 30 as their text. Wouldn't there be a storm? . Now, Charlie, explain to me, if you can, this peculiar psychological fact, that in probably nine cases out of ten it is these latter-day ' oncers' who are the strongest advocates for sermonettes, in place of full-grown sermons. Account for it as you may, the fact remains that rarely do you meet with a whole soulled Christian of the olden type, one who' can always command the necessary time to attend the Monday night prayer meeting, and who, if self-denial be needed, will commence its exercise at the newspaper, or the social function, rather than at the class meeting, rarely indeed will you find one such cry out against a solid thirty, or even forty minutes of Gospel truth. Yes, sir, I have at this moment in my mind's eye two persons who attend our circuit church, who strikingly illus trate my point. There's good Bro. Trelawny, about the most delicate little man in the eircuit — a cripple almost. His life is crowded with important en gagements, and yet that man may ordinarily be found within God's house at least five times a week. And What a hearer 1 Let but a preacher catch that eager upturned eye, and glowing face, and a bad time would become an all but impossibility. Three pews before him sits friend Barkington, a hale, vigorous fellow-who has probably never once had to consult - a doctor. He comes to. church on an average about once a fortnight, and yet I have seen that man's watch, from my perch in the pulpit, more frequentey than that of any other member of the whole congregation. The fact is, Charlie man, it is all a question of appetite. Whenever you find a man toying with his food, finding fault with the cook, or criticising his wife's circumstantial menu, meanwhile eating about enough to satisfy a newly flodged tomtit, you know at once that the seat of the trouble is that man's stomach. Exactly so with the dainty hearers who honour the Lord's house with but one short hour and a quarter out of every one hundred and sixty eight, and then plume themselves upon being up to date Christians, as in the presence of the children at the dinner table they give the parson a sorry tongue wagging because he dared to preach for fifteen minutes over the present accepted twenty. And yet, alas these are the very individuals for whom some modern divines serve up their pulpit meals. Colleague mine, I would I could utter a warding in the ears of the younger men of our ministry touching this growing fad. If what I heard the other day be a fair specimen of what is ahead of us, I fear the twenty minutes will soon diminish to fifteen, and this give place to teu, and the vanishing point will appear not very far away. I went to hear a sermon preached by one of our rising young clerics, really a grand fellow with a future before him ; with plenty to say, and the knack of knowing how to say it, but already tainted with this lust for shortness. I was charmed with the service so far as it went. But it was like breaking off from a banquet at the fish. We had four hymns, a comprehensive prayer, the yeading of a chapter from the New /Testament, v wih a sermdriette and/the: Benediction, — disciples of this new school of brevity never offer a prayer at the end of their sermons, and thus they fling away one of their grandest oppor tunities for riveting the truth upon the consciences of their hearers — and the whole was neatly rounded off within forty minutes. I felt I was done out of fully one- third of my meal. Charlie, old man, your super would like on this far away hush track, to give voice to a protest he would wish should go ringing through all the circuits of these lauds of the South. First: — Let us make sure of giving to our people, food, real food ; not sweetmeats daintily served up, like unto the fancy candies, in parti-coloured, crumpled paper baskets — more paper even than sweets — sold at our charity bazaars, but solid, well-prepared bread,— the bread of life. Secondly : — Let us give it them warm and lively, not long drawn out, — men are intolerant of the pulpit drawl — but crisp and clear and strong, thinking meanwhile a thousand fold more of the Holy Ghost than of the timepiece, and thirdly , if these modern 'Oncers.' complain, as complain they will, he it ours to deal with them as Savonorola dealt with the- Florentine weak lings and mouldings, and by the truth, the truth spoken in love, seek to woo them, or foroe them, or shame them, or frighten them to a proper conception of the true proportion of things ; a condition that will only ensue when by lancet or strong draught their souls have been brought to health. As things go, it is scarcely fair on the part of any parson to sacrifice the crowd of healthy hearers to the few spiritual dyspeptics that are around. Whoa, Charlie,, man, whoa, I say! Here we are at Brunabudgeree at last. And there stands dear old Father Bright face. God bless the G'.O.M. 'Tis worth a twenty miles journey to he allowed to preach to that one saint. No furtive glancing at the watch at the end of twenty minutes there ! I never knew a Yorkshire ploughboy swallow more eagerly his mesl of fat bacon and straw berry pastry, than does this old warrior the plain Gospel story, and plenty of it into the bargain. 