TSlE SPOTTEIR'S WAININ1N HT LUIOaN WP. SHEULDON. A queer, white face, ghastly as death, glared h at the window of Carl Mrlunmg's' shanty.' Carl looked up from his biotk instinctively. Iie had heard neo sound, but he felt the pres nce end just tten the moon broke clear from behind a cloud and lie saw the ghastly face dis* tinctly. " Mly God! HIow horrible!" he cried invol ntard l. and thee, as the farp disappeared as suddely as it causme, lie eaiglt ~is hat from the "-g Iby the door no.t roushe., ,ut after it. Carl had been at Little Gulch only a short time, but cven a trilling ssoy wros long enough to learn the story of that ghastly apparition. A) miner's daughter lhadl been cruelly murdered here in thu ullcel years ago, and oil every gusty, muonlight night her face was seen at onme shanty window, and here Carl laused in his hur ried rare, flr he rememterral the end of the tra dition. "To see that tface means death or trouble,' he whisfilred in the darkness, asd then he grasped his stout stick tighter. "There's al ways trout'e in this world." he muttered ptilo sophieally, '. alld if it wasn't for Kitty I shemld aly that death was welcome." lir caught his hat just as nn eddying gust raised it deftly from his head, nee! then seeing how foolish was his search in this shadowy dark nels, turned slowly from the task he had under. taken and ewent back to his book in the little shanty. It was a copy of Poe that he was reading, and ashelpickedt it up again he was amazed to itnd tIhat tihe page where he had atopped so d-cl decly had been completely torn aerass the middle. lie stared at it vacantly at first, bt there it was, the beautiful rhythrm of "Annabel Le.e," torn in a jagged line, as if by hasty fingers, and search where he would in the humble cabin tihe otilier half of thlpaoge was nowhere to be fouadl, Carl sat duwna with his backt the window and began to ferret the matterout. "It was had enough for her to scare Ine hall out of my senses," hlie solilocluized, "bit to come in while I was searching the place over for her aid tear my book in a little too mean for anything." Ile looked at the injuredl volume ruefully and shook his head. "Neot another to be found within a thousand miles, I'll wager," he muttered, bitterly, "iand te think that 'Annabel Lee,' the prettiest poem in the whole copy shorld be the one she chose .to damage " And then he began thinking over the story of the murdered maiden.' She had been foully kiled by a jealous lover, they maid, and now no mael at the little (Illoeti but dreaded her acts Saf phastly vengesaneet It was a romantic story in its way and the more'he thought of it the more it came to him that 'Annabel Lee' was not so inappropriate after all, anid might bring some comfort to this flitting spirit. Fi.r Carl was sure it was nore other than the ghastly visitor at his window who had entered his cabin in his absence, and now, yes, there was another presence at tihe casing, hut for a moment he foued it absolutely impossible for him to turn around and face it. But it was npt necessary for him to look this time, for his visitors wvere each and all most tangible and moreoverthey were eager to make known theirpresence. Carl sprang to hie: letin amnazemrt when a halt dozen rough-elad miners slouched through the door and stood in a threateoiug group before him. Iileknow inrstntly'why they had come, and then, curiously enough, tio ewarning of the dead girl's face fluhecd suddenly illoin him. "Too bad she couldn't have peeped in at mse osooner," )e muttered beneath hlis breath, "for then at least I could have had any weapon and been ready for this gang of ruffllians." " You be a little surprised tow see we 'uns," the foremost of his visitors said coarsely, as he noticed Carl's evident ogitation. " You thought you'd kiveredl your tracks, you dog, an' that we wau all sb Otoipid in tie Gulch 'at we wouldn't find out you wuz a spotter." Carl recovered himself instantly, and leaning back, now perfectly comlosed, placed his elbow on the rude pine ulalctel. "You are six to one, Mr. Johenson," he said, coldly. "If you are inot afraid of me, send your men outside and we will have a word in private." The moment his words escaped his lips he was surprised at the conetencation that he saw before him. In an instant it occurred to him that they, too. had seen the apparitioh, and ,were thoroughly frightened of the darkness. "T'hor's ni; ru?e t kin' to us to- night," the man Johnson said, with a preeecplible shuddelcr, " for we've seen the'Spirit f the Guleh, sao' one an' all we've'had our warni'." Then as if the couroge of his crowd rested alone on prompt.activity he drew a long black rope front his pocket and looped it aver a con. venlent rafter. Carl Manlini brared himself and looked the man squarely nl. the eye as he finished his ominous contrivance. "Call me what you will," lie saed quietly. "I came out here in the interests of the mine to leaornexactly what you were doing. If you were honest you would not lear me,butea youare only a pack of theiveeand murdlrerersyoutremble at my presence hIere ael hove brought ynurgaing of six to one to shoa ? me down or hang me." 'I hen lihe folded his arms andi raised his head and his voice rang out d-terminedly- "Do your worst, you park of ravening wrolvs ! Lay your plalrs to destroy my work plot yourbrave schemes to take my life-pre. pare the noose, the rope, the knife, have every. tlhing ready to add one more murder to your list, nand then-then lay your hands upon me if youdare! " And his eyes glared at them savagely with the firy of an angry tiger. ilardly harl his voire reused to echo threugh the shanty when ane of' the riul.e sprang fiu ward with a slhout, and snatched his pistol freom the table. SIle is unarmed ! Take him by force I"he shouted, viciously, und the whole gang surged forward together as if to tear his limbsh asundfr. " Stand back ! " Carl's voice rang out boldly, then quickas lightnling his arm shut forth and a blow felled the enearest brute to the floor. Then, just as he recovered himself for a secr6d attack, his eyes wi re drawn irresistibly toward the window, where once more the ghastly face of the girl peered in upon the scene before her. Look there I" Carl whispered tragically, as he pointed toward the window. "iThere is the ghost of your murdered girl! How dare you think to slay another " Au if expecting andl direadliug this very apparition, the men turned, almost with one accord, and glanced in fear at the narrow window. There was a shriek from one, a curse from another, and, seeing his chance in that moment of 'horror. Carl sprang forward and wrenched his pistol from the lotder's hand, and for a second the whole place bellowed with the rapid emptying of its clhambers. - Springing over that jumble of writhing forms, Carl Ihurriedly collected his papers, anrd then remembcering, even in his danger, the volume of poems, lie sntched the hook from the table, and shrust it into his poeket. 'rhen he picked his way carefully across the rocks, a few stray bullets keeping him ominous company, and by -:running always in the shadow was soon far away fron the litleshaenty. "" - SThere is a train at eleven," he whiselered to himself, " that will soloni lake me east of the lissisippi," snil" then he stoppeid running, alhost .toocsucllenly, Is another vision came saiftly nieon him, " Kitty," ohe chmlled tendlerly; "Kitty dar litg, is it you, or am I still in the land of iplrlls P" Without a sosnd the young girl hurtied towardl dine and threw herself into his ont stretcbed l arms. "Teak me with you," she raid frantically. "Take me aith you or they aill kill me toe," and Ccrl, aleost without a thought of what he was doing, half led, half :arried her to the statiot. A year later in their Eastern house Carl Slanning and his wife at down for their after linner chatting. "io ole Toml Johnsou was not your father after all," Carl eald over and over, as though to rpetitialn of the words aere something ncr, thn ordinarily pleasant. 'Te he too rer on his knee and his face assumed a ;lsougltlfatl xpression. " Woell, tam glah I did not kill him anyway," olu salid softly. " althnough the owner of the mine eys I might just?,ns. cell have done so for I rppled erecry maroa them that roeeigf." -hIen ie seiled more tandeerl ito her rnyee as he added n il I ghter tone; " utt what I am sorry fi/r, ittle one, is that 1 dlid anot wait to solva the nyst ry of that woane n's far, far as I live, it was he that savedme l" r Without a wordl Kity slid downr from his knee reid began roaicaekirig iii her Ilx of treasures. 'Will thin help yeou t lay her ghtst P" she said, inrrily, asnd then she unolled before his ,stolrisled eyes the half of his poem, " Annabel ",ie,"andc tried to smooth out the jagged edges. Morn in "Walter, see that yenO gorW featrice the lion's shoare of that banana." Wralter : "' Yes, manma." leutric: "i Mamr, WYalter hasn't given ie any." 'alter: "Well, that's all right. LienO lisn't eat bananas." 