CHAPTER XVII.—POOR’ KATHE RINE ! “ And how is your patient to-night. Otis? Any change for tile better. It was Dr. Graves who asked the question, blustering in like the god of the wind. A high gale roared without, a few feathery Hakes of snow lloated past the windows in the stormy twilight. -In the sitting-room of the Widow Otis' pfryAy" dot-age . residence a bright 3r<?. .hhrned cheerily, the reel., warm", light streaming through the window-curtains .far out upon the frost-bound road. "•flood evening. Dr. Graves. I thought it was Henry. Come to the fire. Bit terly cold..is it not. outside? My pa tient? Well. I don’t see much improve ment there: but Henry says he im proves. and of course Henry knows best. Take this chair—do,.and try and thaw yourself a little.” Dr. Graves took the cushioned rocking chair, and spread himself out luxurious ly to the blaze. "Where is Henry? I wanted to see "Oh. among his poor patients, some where; he will be home to tea presently. ■Any news, to-night, doctor? 1 mean "You mean the Scarswood tragedy, of course, ma’am. Nobody in Sussex, I believe, talks of anything else latterly. No, no news: and no news in this case .does.not mean good news. The funeral is over, as you know, and there is no will, and everything falls to that pitiful, pettifogging little screw of an attorney, Peter Dangerfield—everything, Mrs Otis —everything.” Just then Mrs Otis started. She heard the outer hall door opened, a quick footstep crossed the passage, the sittingr room door was Hung wide, and Henry Otis, "booted and spurred,” stood pale as a ghost before his mother and Dr. “Henry!” the word was a low, frightened cry, but Henry Otis’ eyes turned from her to the doctor. "Is site not here’ I was sure 1 should find her here.” “Find whom here ? What do you mean, young gentleman?”, “I mean Miss Dangerfield. What! don’t you know? She ran away, either last night or this morning, front Scars wuod. and no tale or tidings of her are to be found. I thought she might have come here to—to see him.” Henry Otis crossed abruptly to the fire, and stood staring into it with a greatly disturbed face. "Dun away!” the widow and the doc tor both exclaimed. “Yes—run away—to her death, most likely.” "Henry! Good Heaven!" "Women have been driven to their , death before now by men—girls have | committed suicide for less than she has undergone. It is not those who make most outcry over their troubles who feel them deepest. What lias she to live for—robbed of all at one blow?” “And my opinion is, she has done no thing of the sort!” curtly interposed Dr Graves. “Only arrant cowards commit suicide; and whatever blood flows in Miss Dangerfield’s veins, there is not one drop of the coward in it.” As he uttered the last emphatic words, there came a knock at the front door. What presentiment was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such a very unprofessional bound ? He threw it open, and — yes — there, in the spectral, wintry dusk before him stood the tall, slender,sombre figure—its black robes, its white face, and great solemn eyes—there stood Ka therine Dangerfield. He could not speak a word: the un utterable relief of seeing her alive and there for a moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first, in that faint, sweet voice that haunted him for ever after his life long. “May I come in? It is very cold, and I want to see him.” There was something so forlorn in •her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plaintive lone—something, so like a spi rit about her that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She stood before-him alive, but surely death was pictured on her face. “Come in. please,” he said, pimply : and she glided past him along the lobby and into the presence of the other two. “My child—my child!” Mrs Otis said, with a motherly cry; “thank Heaven you are alive, and have come io us. Sit down; let me warm your hands—poor, little frozen hands. Oh, my child, what a fright you have given us all! Where in the world have you been?” Katherine sank wearily down in the chair, and let her hands lie in the elder woman’s warm clasp. “I have been with Hannah,” she an swered, slowly; “at Bracken Hollow, with my nurse. And to-morrow I leave Castleford, and I could not’ go, you know, without seeing Gaston.” Her voice died drowsily away, her head drooped against the back of the chair, her eyelids fell heavily. The three about her looked in one another’s startled faces in dead silence. What did this mean? “My child—Miss Dangerfield!” Mrs Otis murmured. “Oh, look up; don’t lie like that, Miss Katherine! Miss Kathe “Yes, papa,” drowsily; "but I am so sleepy, and I don’t want to get up to breakfast yet. Has Gaston come? It is cold for him to ride from Castleford to- night—and he hates the cold—poor Gaston. Call me when he comes, papa —I want to sleep now.” Her eyes closed heavily again — her mind was wandering. Her troubles had been too much for her, then, after all, and had turned her brain. Dr Graves bent over her, and shook her slightly. “Katherine — Katherine!” he called. “Rouse up! Gaston has come—Gaston is She sat up and gazed at him, a be wildered look in her eyes. “Who calls?” she asked. .“Oh, Dr Graves is it you? Where am. I? Is papa ill again? Why, this isn’t-”. . She • looked . around, and memory seemed slowly struggling back. “Yes, I know now—this is Mr Otis’ house. Gaston is here.” She ro«e up suddenly, fully, herself. “I am going away, and I want to see Gaston. How is he to-nigiyt, Mr Otis?” ■ “Much as /he has been from the first. Miss Dangerfield—little better, little worse.” “But he will not die? Mr Otis, you told me he would not die!” “I think he will not; I have seen worse cases recover. It is a sort of con cussion of the brain. He does not suffer —or, at least, is conscious of no suffer ing.” “ May I see him at once now—and alone" I don't know when 1 may see him again: and. Mr Otis, you have been so kind, will you take care of him for me until he is quite well again? I can't pay you now—1 am poor—but some day, if i live. I will." “I need no pay. For your sake. Miss Dangerfieid. 1 will care for him gladly. I would cherish a dog' that had been She held out her hand to him with the bright, old grace. "Thank you. T. knew I might trust you. 1 must go before it gets too late, [’lease-take me to him at once." He led her to the chamber door. White, cold, and motionless, in the fast- fading daylight. Gaston Dan-tree lay. She had not seen him since that fatal wedding night. and now she saw him again— thus. She stood an instant: then she entered and closed the door. Tlicy 1io.lt->I the soft rustic of her silk dress as she knelt bv the bedside, then silence fell. No one spoke. The moments passed; the night had entirely closed in: the wind howled through the desolate olum-hyurd, whose ghastly gravestones could b.- dimly seen glancing in the darkness. A bushed expectation held them—ojf what they knew not—a strange prophetic- -girl of awe. Mrs Otis was the first to nVove. The. clock cn the man telpiece si rii-k .sis. :' .she turned softly and lighti-o^'he lamp, then stood waiting Five infinites—ten—no sign, no sound• from that linrier room. Fifteen—twenty —the two inen looked at each other .un easily. TJwenty-fiVv.—thirty. Then Dr Graves, sjjoke. "'She has been there long enough. It is no lilac-'; for her in her present state. Mrs Otis, do you go and ask her to come The little widow, full of foreboding, walked softly to the door, and tapped. No answer. A second tap. louder: still no reply. A third rap—loudly this time, hut the only answer, profoundest sil “Miss Katherine,”- she called, ” may I Still no response. Then she opened the door wide, arid recoiled, with a cry. ‘‘Henry, the child has fallen; she has fainted!”. Henry Otis was in the room before the words were spoken. Katherine was ly ing on her face on the floor-by the bed side. where she had softly fallen. In one second she was uplifted in Henry Otis’ arms and borne out into the light. Her head fell limp over his arm, her eyes were closed, her features rigid. He laid her-upon-a sofa—the two doctors bent over her—one with his hand over her heart, the other on her pulse. The heart lay still, the pulse beat no longer. Rigid, white, stark she lay. “Oh. Henry, speak!” his mother crijd. “Dr Graves, tell me, has she fainted?” The elder-.doctor removed his hand from her heart,, and stood up rather pale himself in the lamp-light. “Something worse 'than a faint, ma dam.” replied Dr Graves. “Reave us. Mrs Otis, and your son, Henry, and I will see to her.” Sir Peter Dangerfieid sat alone in the library of Scarswood: the silken cur tains were drawn: fire-light and lamp light made the room brilliant: his purple easy-ohair was drawn up before a writing-table littered with deeds and documents, and Sir Peter, in gold bowed spectacles, was trying to read. Trying—not reading—for between him and the parchment page a face, menac ing and terrible,- kept coming—the face of Katherine as he had seen her last. Where was Katherine ? Dead or alive, she had sworn to be revenged. Was she dead V He shuddered through alF his little craven soul, and heart* at the thought. Men had t looked at him darkly and askance 'all day. and turned coldly away from him:while he spoke. There had been whispers of suicide. What if. while he sat here in this warm, lighted, luxurious room.; she lay stark and frozen under the stars—dead by her own hand! There was a tall, smoke-colored bottle on another table, with glasses. He was usually a very anchorite for abstemious ness. hut he sprang up now with a mut tered oath, filled a stiff glass of brandy, and drained it at a draught. Suddenly there was a knock at the room door, and Dr. Graves .was an nounced. Sir Peter arose, as Dr. Graves, hat in hand, very pale and solemn of visage, stood before him. News of Katherine at last. He grasped -the back of his chair with one hand, and faced his visi tor almost defiantly, as one who should say, “Whatever has happened. I at least have had nothing to do with it.” “Well, sir ?” he demanded. “Sir Peter Dangerfieid, I bring news of —of Katherine. She is found.” The little baronet’s heart gave a great leap.' Found! Then she had not committed suicide ? “Ah!” he said, with a look of sulky injury. “T knew as much. 1 thought she v asn't the sort of girl in take poison or throw herseif into the nearest stream. So she’s, found, is she ? Per haps she is going to turn romantic sick nurse to her wounded cavalier, and end by getting him to marry-” “Stop, Sir Peter Dangerfieid.” the old doctor said, hoarsely; “not another word. Katherine Dangerfieid will never marry Gaston Dantree or any other mortal man. She is dead!” “Dead!” Sir Peter leaped from his chair as though he had been stabbed. “Dead, Doctor Graves! Good Heaven! I thought you said—I thought-” “Yes, Sir Peter—dead! Of heart disease, no doubt, latent and unsus pected.” And then the old doctor’s voice broke, and he turned this back abruptly on Sir Peter and faced the fire. Dead, silence fell. The clock ticked, the cinders dropped. Dr. Graves looked fixedly; into-the ruddy coals,, and Sir Peter sat stiff and upright in his chair, quite ghastly to look at. ,“Dea<^ or alive, I will be revenged!” The horrible words rang in his ear like his ownideath-knell. -Greater and wiser • than -poor,. Sir Peter ^Dangerfieid have devoutly,.believed in ghosts; he was i superstitious to the core. And Kathe rine wasfida'd—dead—dead! Great heavy drops stood on his pinched, pallid face, and his voice was husky as he spoke: “Dr. Graves, there must be some mis take hero—there must. -She couldn't die in that way—it is too horrible—and she was so young and so strong—never ill a day in her. life.” “Sir Peter,” the old physician said, quietly, “I am sixty-fixe years of age, and for the past forty years I have seen death in all its phases—lingering and instantaneous. And I tell you she is dead. But we will go to hsr. She is at Mrs Otis’s, and you can convince yourself with your own eyes." \ But still Sir Peter would not be con vinced—would' not, could, not “make her dead.” He hurried from the room, changed his dress, ordered round liis horse, and in fifteen minutes the two men were galloping full speed through the keen, frosty air towards Castle ford. The town lay hushed and dark when they- rode into it—it was close upon eleven now,. Neither spoke a.word;, the. breathless pace did 'not admit of talk. They reached Mr Otis’s house—its whole front lighted, and figures flitting rapidly to .111 cl fro; anti Peter Dangerfield’s heart, under his riding-coat, was throb bing so rapidly, he turned sick arid reeled dizzily for an instant, as he sprang from the saddle. The next lie rallied, and followed his leader in. On the sofa in the sitting-room, where they had first placed her. Katherine still lay. They had removed her ' hat and cloak, and loosened all her clothes, but over that rigid face the solemn seal' of eternal sleep had fallen.- They had closed her eyes and roldod the pulseless hands, and calmly, as though sleeping, and fairer than ever in life, she lay. ’1 he haggard look had ail gone, and a great calm lay upon it. So PeterDangerfleld saw her again. There \rdfe three persons in th^ room. Beside Mr Otis and his mother, the old ex-Indian nurse from Bracken Hollow, •sad. gaunt, and grey, sat close by her nurseling, swaying ceaselessly to and fro. and uttering a sort of moaning cry. like a dumb creature in pain. She liftc-d her inflamed eyes, and fixed them .with savage hatred upon the pallid face ‘of "-Ay." she said, bitterly; “you’re a tine gentleman now, Peter Dangerfield, and you do well to come and look at your handiwork: but you’re her muiy derer, you and that dying, false-faced villain lying yonder, as sure as ever men were murderers. The law won’t hang you, I suppose, but it has hung men who deserved it less." "For Heaven’s sake, hush!” he.said. ”1 never meant this! I never j thought* sheVwould die! I would give alTbl 'am. wr.njh to bring her back to life.” v - , "Dim*!” old Hannah cried. Towthring! up and confronting him; “dpubje iiai* and coward! Who refused her her dying father's request ?—who ’ offered her the deadliest and most dastardly, insult it 'is possible for man to offer a woman ? And you say you are sorry. T wonder that, dead as she lies there before you, she does not rise to accuse her murderer. Hr Henry Otis, this is your house, and she thought you her friend. Show yourself her friend now. and turn her murderer out!” “Hannah. Hannah, hush!" interrupted Mrs Otis, scandalised and alarmed. “Hannah is right, mother." said Henry, “and he shall go. Leave this house, Sir Peter .Dangerfield, and never set foot across threshold of mine again. She turned to me in her trouble, she came to me in her dark hour, and she is mine now—mine! Go—you coward, you robber and insulter of helpless girlhood, and come here no more!” ’ The fiery words scourged the baronet, averted faces met him on every side. And. calm and- white. Katherine lay be fore lum, with closed eyes and folded hands—most awful of all! Without a word he slunk away like a whipped hound, and presently the door closed upon .him, and he stood alone under the black winter night. Alone! Would he ever be alone again? Sleeping and waking, would not that terrible, white, fixed face pursue him? "Dead, I will come back from the grave, if the dead can!” Would the words she had spoken, the dreadful words he had laughed at once, ever cease to ring in his ears now? Would they not haunt him until they drove him mad? Sir Peter Dangerfield rode home. Home! What was Scarswond better than a haunted house now? I-Ie shut himself up in his library, lighted the room to more than, the brilliancy of day, locked the door, seized the brandy bottle, and deliberately drank himself into a state of beastly stupor. When morning dawned. Sir Peter, lying on the hearth rug. was far beyond all fear of ghosts or goblins in heavy, drunken (To be Continued.) 