ODD VOWS. The annals of chivalry abound in records of vows' morn or less romantic or absurd. For intance, Queen Joan of Naples, at a grand fleat at her castle of Garta, honoured the Knight Galonzzu of Mantua by opening the ball with him. When the dance was finished the grateful knight kneeled down befur, his royal partner, and to fitly express his acknowledg ment of the honour he had received, be took a solemn row to wander through the world, visit. lug every country where feats of arms were performed, and not rest until he bad subduoe two valiant knights, and presented then as prisoners at his Queen's footstool,to be disposed of at her royal pleasure. The dolghty warrior, after a year spent in wandering all over Europe. returned and brought his two prisnuners to the Queen. She took the gift very gracefully, and, the admiring historian tells ns, declined her right to impose rigorous conditions on her captive,and gave them liberty without ransom. Whether they properly punished Sir Galeanzo for his interference with their personal rights we are not told. Some regard a vow as a restraining bond of a very elastic character, especially when it inter. fares with their desires. IBeucdick, when he found his vow of celibacy too great a strain upon him in the presonce of his Beatrice's charms, disposes of it fearlessly and finally with the plea: * When I said I would din a bachelor 1 did not think I should live till 1 were married." Often we have the letter of the vow evaded with some special reasoning, and the bpirit.then \--vrnestwatrmnpuntty" Fpor ihbtaroe, a modern Rip Van Winkle rowed that he would never drink another drop of lhquor as long as he had hair on his head. A few hours later he was met coming out of a bahrber's shop with a shaven poll." Damsels in love often make strange rows. We all remember the case of poor Miss IIarrie. ham, in Ilickeons's story, who was so orercome by her lover's failure to appear at the wedding that she ordered everything in the house to be unchanged as it had been placed on that hap* less day. Years went by, and the wedding leant remained set on the table, the rieh cakes mouldered and were eaten by the mice, while the poor, half.demented lady flitted in and out of the deserted rooms of the house like a ghost, always wearing the white dress and veil which she had put on to welcome the faithless Iorer heo never came. A similar case to this was that of a lady of high rank in IEgland, 'who, being jilted by her lover, went to bed and rowed she would never get up again, and kept her word for 26 years. A less excusable case than this was that of a man who, finding that his wife was disposed to demand too much hard work from him, took to his bed and stayed there. For 22 years this worthless follow stayed between the sheets, while his wife waited on him and fed him with persistent devotion. Vows of perpetual silenem are numerous, the only trouble being that those who need this vow must do not take it. A Miss Caraline, in 1840, vowed that she would never speak auother word to any human being, because she had a quarrel with her lover. For 35 years, until the day of her death, she was never known to utter a word. Some years ago three sisters lived together. Two of them quarrelled and vowed never to speak to each other again. They did not speak for over 20 years, when one of them died, the other refusing to speak to her even on her doath-bed. 