:?:;?; ^UEENSLMB:'-x;;;-:; \- ; (FJKOM OUR OWN COKBESrON*BENT.) ':, 'BitiSBANK, Suiiduy,, July 18. ? : :??.? - ? .'?'. 'iliu Tnrf.: :-\ ? ??''.'' ': '?'? ? Tho animal Wiutor Misutins oC -the Gympio TurlClub, wbiuh; in ' th'u ' k'ooiI old times, wns one of tho principal fixtures outsidb of (ho uiotroiiolis, wufl nob roniii'dud'iis -of much im portiinco this- year, for though the autriiis woro good tho uttondunco on both day's wns disappointing, aud but Tor tho assistance durivoil from tho visitor!) from hoitdqimrtors the uffuir would lnivo fallnu very Hub iudeod. Vory littlo more than ^61400 wont through tlio Totalieator in connection with tho tun races which tiiiiilo up- tlio proxrauiiiio. Tho tneuliip' was op'onud on Wudiiosuay with n (ii furlongs Trial IJiuidicap, whiuh was won b.v lloloise in ?lmin -27800 from Dnnlop und 'Oaboonbab. Orau(;»skiii, who had !)sl. 121b, aud was ridJun by M. Ryan, starlod favorite for and won tho Spring Hamlioup, 9 fiirloncs, by a head from Uaddolcou uud Aliss . J3mmut.t, who . mada a (lend heut of it for soeond plaoo, thu l.imu boinir an uven 2win. Tho fiold was not a' Tory foramlubluouo ti- bout, hut Uinufih lioonlyuot huuio.with u hcaiMu Bparu, Orungeakiii must huvu run much- more Uiudly Utau liuliaailouu of lato on our metropolitan eimr.so, of which ho BocniK to liavo a very utron; disliku for soiiio ruasou or othor. Coquaiu, who. id now, with tho rest of Mr. Robertson's lioi'KOS.'iii ohari;oo£ G.-»nrgoss, won tbo Wellei- Hnndi- uap from Jimhaune and Diiohoss Mulba, und tho ooiinistoMl L;u\y Melissa whs successful in tho Sliorts Handicnp, beiiliue Culemliir' by. two lou^lhs, aud ruuuini; tho bulf-milo in S2.-eo.; '' .'.? . . , ', . , -. .;' , . , -., ;'?' . On tho second day tho raoinsj bogan with tho -Miners' Purso, which went to Pm-olianoo, Oiiildolocm bciug nocond and Faba third, anil tho duu'uhtar ot Battailous was also sucboBsf nl in tho Winter Hantlioaj), which sho won by sovoral longtlis, bohij; ajjaiu followed homo by Caddoloeii, Calendar .boln'u third, and tlu- timo lor tho 7 furlongs lmin-' 32 4,'bsve. D.ilnair was amongst1 the otlior starters, but ho ran vory badly, and is evidently vory luuch off just at proseut. Coquaiu put a 'record win to his credit iu tho socond Woltor llandioap, boalhiK Barney, Oominon, and Anthony lliil lam ; nnd ' Hib Farowoll Handicap wont to Cabooudah, Fuba boiuf second, and Urnzon Lady third.- .,.:..? .. ' ... ..',.'-. -Th'aco-wiis a vory'cood attoiidanco at tlio annual goiiorul mooting of 'inomhors of the Qiioonslnnd.Turf Club hold on' Friday aftor-j noon, and no doubt a jjood ninny word; present. in anticipation of a lively time, soino of tlio 'lighting mniuboi-s lmviiis Kivcn if out .that thoy woro go^ug to mdko things ^particularly witrui for Iho ooraraittoe on certain Kriovaucoa which woro to bo givon an airing. Tlioro was a littlo fun, too, but tbo talking powers of tho opposition hadn't u ghost of a- show wlioh pittiid agr.iust that of; tho inemhors-of com mittoo, nud tho latter won ri.il tlio points in Ilio arguinunt. Tho opportunity whiah pro Boiitod itsolf for iudulsiiiK iu a growl wns tho fnot.tlmt ieoontly :.thrbo of tho.monibors of 'ooinmiUob hud' '.formed 'llioniselves into 'a byndiaato withoue or, two othorn and takon ovor tlio loaso of the Albion Park racocour»o for tho pu'rposo oE holdiug propriotary rauo niBOtingn, and ono of tho momburs, whonclod as'spokosmau for. thoso who regarded tho.can nuotion with suspicion us likoly to bo proju dicial to tho iutoro»tH of tho ;old club, wiintsd to know if iu tho event of apuoals being 'uiudo against tlio docisioiiB of tho A'lbion Park ollicinls thoy would bo dealt with by those gouLloincn. The reply to this was thai, tho stewards: who controlled tho ruoiug at Albion Park wuro not mombors of tho Q.'i'.C. oominitlue, and eould thorufoio linvo nothing to do with tho hearing of nppoals ugninst thoir own dooisinus. .So. far thin ap peared to sottlo tho inubtor, aud Ibough 'Mio goutloman who pub tho question stuck, to his objoolion aguiust mombors of ? Iho coiniuittoo haring any connection with a, propriotufy club, and quotod thu V.R.C. rulo in snpportof - his objection, the stand ho took did not moot with the sympathy whiuh be had oxpectod, and the matter was allowod to drop in favor of a motion for tho adoption of tho uuuuul ro pott ivud balvvuce-shoot.-; - :'-' , ,' ' , ?;.' v. f. '? Tho annual roport was tho most satisfac tory that lias boon placed boforo Ihu uioinbars of tho promior club for; somo yoara pnst. ltoforring to tho J!820 .wliioh was owing to horsoowuors in slnkea, it statod that l.ho uom mittei) hopod to bo able to pay 50 por cent, of this amount boforo the ond of August, aud ibo balaiico prior to Iho oloso of. tho onrront year. There hud during; tho your ending Juno 30 .boon; substantial incroasos of rovomto iu every dtrootimi. 'l'lib givton and booths hail prouucod .£391)0 lln Sd as against JJ3155 15s lOil for tho provionn year, an inordano of .£75;! 15s lOd j Iho prollts from tlio Totalisator had .'boon JM-007 \7a Id against J!333D 0s 7d, an iucronso of JilS27.'l(ls Oil; nnininutionsaudaoanptuiicos hail proiluuod .£2037 10s againflt JVMr, 5s, an incrpuso of .ESSli 5s : mombors' suhsorintiotis hnd amotintod lo jetli3 In against wE'lW 13j (W,:. an iuciBaao of £,Ui 7fl Gil ; and ? Uio 'roinaln-. iuir ; Hourcos of ? rovonuo hud producod ;E177l iigninat .£1500 0s, an iuoronao or J3220 H*, Iho total -inoroaso boing JJ2S02 18s 10(1, without taking into oon ?induration Iho ^81808 10s 10(1 which was tint not sum whioh tlio club obtainod for tlio resumption of land by tho Qovormnont for railway purposos,' tho profit on- tbo yonc's oporationa Inul.boon i!2050 8s Cd. , , .; , . '?.. Tho Hon. B. U. Morohond was unauimonsly ro-oloctod to tho position of presidonl) for tho your, nnd Air. Justico Power wad also unani mously ' ro-eloctod vico-nrosidonfc. For tho li vo vacant soats on tho nonunittoo thero woro snvon candidates. -'L'hroo of thorn — Mossrs. W. II. Barker, G. R. Byrno and J. Stovousou —woro rotiring committeomou, and thoy woro all rn'Oloctod, and Iho now mombors elected wuro Mr. .Tolm Arthur, who topped tho poll, and I)r. Connolly, who ran a'.dund boat with. Mr. Bnrlcor for second plaoo.'ouly two votes behind tho loader. As an old raciug man, who knows ovovy inch of tbo game, Mr. Actlmr ought to bo a good man on tho racing council,; ami Dr. Council is such an onMiusiust thab I am sura ho will ho one of tho bardosb workers in tho tonin. Tlio unsuccessful candidnton woro Moosra. E. 3. Hohnos aud G. E. Coopor. ' .T. Blnckloci:. who trains ' tho Ouilogun— Avnlaucho goldinz Tornndd for Mr. T. B.' Boarup, inform!: ino that as far as ho knows ib iB Jlr. Bonrnp'8 intantiou ; to sond tlio liorso to Sydnoy next month to finish bis preparation for tho Motro polit.au at Randwick. Tornado is undoub tedly a good horso ovor '» journey, bub' bo: is nob in thn sauio fifcroot with BatUlioti, and. isscnrcily up to Molropolitau form.:, Mrisio,.' who soouis all right since ho. returned from his Northern trip, is also likoly to put in du iiDpoaranon-iit tho A.J.C. Spring Mooting in: ch.irite of W. Dlnckloclc. ..»??,?:- ? I hoar that Mr. Duarnp's liorsen Phyoioian and ltovor, who h:ivo boon racing uuruccoss-' fully nb iho Sydnoy 'suburban' incoi.ingR for: somo timo past, arc umlor ordora to ? pay a visit to Ki-isbanu to tnko part in the Q:T.C, WintorMuotini; at Eaglo Farm noxt niimth. ?' Tho rncohorao- Chockmnto, and Mr. Hi' Broblco's pair of two-year-olda, Boscobol and Rohort EinmoLt, roturuod from Townsvillo by tho Aramac on-Tlinraduy last, in charge of A. J. Noud. Our craok horseman, J. Ruasoll, wan also n passenger by tho samo boat. ... . W.BlucklocLvwho at Mr. Frank Darloy's last salo of thoroughbrcda purchaxod the yearling uolt by Agamumuou — Tlio JSohb, sold Uib full brother toCoboo last, wcok to u patron of II. Walsh's stablo. . : .: . ? G. UurgosK, who enmo back from Syduoy, inlundnto sotllc down again in Urisbalio, and hastakonaleasdof Mr. J. P. Jmt'a 'rosidoncb' and stables at .Hondrii. K. Millor, who bus romoved to stables near tho Hamilton. ', It is oxpeotod that tho Townsvillo Turf Club will bo ablo to allow u prolib on tho recout annual raco moolini: of itbaat. '£1000... The total amount invested through tho Totalisator during tho two days was jSS199. Aquatics. ; At a moelinz of thn oommihtno of tho Quconaland Kowiug Association, hold on Mon day ni-.;lir la^t, it was m-rangud to hnvd nino 'ayentu on tlio programme of tho Association ragal.La for October nuxt, including n, maiden, ?junior, senior, and Cbumpion of Queensland f,, u ;---:, roil moos, maidsu ami ohainpinnship auuils.doublonculls, muidon and senior tubs. The Queensland 'Yacht Club Committoo aro talking of gutting up a club hull, with thu olijiiistof aiigui(!iibiiig the club's I'unda. Tho credit bulanco nb present is only £ii 7a. . 