' fill ill lAHLY. OEAPTBR Xir.— (Continued.) Jio arose. Lord. Ellettan roBigued his frtir com panion to her rightful owner, and roturacd to Rose, ,wiio was looking over a book of postry ; and Doctor Dsnton went over to Eony, who w«s singing to her self at the piano, and listened with an odd little smile, to bur Bong ; . 'Smile again, my dearent lore, Wcop not that I leave you j I imvoohOBen now lo rove— Itn»r it, thouEh it Krlevo you, Seel the eun, tlia moan, and st»i?, uteam ine wild world over, Whether near, or whether for, Oh your loving rover. ' And tho Ben has ebb and flow, Wind and cloud deceive us ; Hummer heut and winter snow Hook us but to leave us. Tim a tho world grows old and new, Why should you be BtrotiRer? Lour hove I been true to you, .?- Mow I'm true no longer. 11 An no longer yearns my heart, Or your Binlleu enslave mo, Lot mo thank you, ere we part, For the love you gavo me. See the May (lowers wet with dew Kre their bloom is over— Should I not return to you, Beck another lover.' Doctor Danton laughed. ' ' Long lmve I been true to you, Now I'm true no longer I' ' 'Those are most atrocious amitimonts you are flinging— do you know ifc, Mibb EonyP' Mr. Stnnfoid besido Katp, Lord Ellerton listen-, ing politely to Rosn, and Doctor Frank with Beny, never found time flying, nnd wore surprised to dis covcm it whr almoat midnight. The Ruoals de partflu,'tlie lights were fli-'d, the garlands dnad, and the bonquor. hall deserted' by everybody but Beginals Stanford and- Coptain Dsnton, They ,/vrero alone in tbo long, dimly lighted drawing room. ' You will take Kate's place to-night,' tho cap tain was saying, 'And be Harry's companion in bis coiiBtitutionnl. I told him that another knew his oguiuui jl. tniui/uu uii uuir uii uuijitsur*Xiuc;oi ' How did he take itP Wan ho annoyed ?' 'No | lio wan a little startled at first, but bo allowed I oeuld not do otherwise. Poor fallow ! ' ? be is anxioiiB to see you now. If you will get your ovorcoat, you will find him here when you re turn.' Mr. Stanford ran up stairs in a hurry, and re turned, in fur cap and overooat in ten minutes. A young man, tall and Blander, but pale to ghfiRtli , ness, with haggard chocks and hollow eyes, stood, wrapped in a long cloak, besido tho oaptain, He had been handBomo, you could 8»e,even through that bloodless pullor, and there waa a look in hia ?treat blue eyes that startlingly reminded you of Kat-3. 'You two-know Gftoh other already,' said the oaptain. ' I claim you both no sons.' Reginald ' gruBped Harry Danton's ? oxtondod hand, nnd Bhoot it heartily. ''' ?'? ?' ? ' ' Boing brothers, I trust we shall soon be better acquainted,' ho said. 'I am to supnly Koto's place to-night in the tamarack walk. I trust no loitorore will see us.' ' ' I trust not,' said Harry, with an apprehensive ?hiver. ' I hnvo been seorfby so many, and have frightohod so many, that I begin to dread leaving my room njght or day.' . 'Thero )h nothing to dread, I fanoy,' snid Stan ford cheerful ly, us they passed out, and down tho steps,;,; r' They take you for a ghost, you know. Lot,'. thorn knop on thinking no, and you aro all. right. You have givun Danton Hall all it wanted to make it perfect — it is a haunted llOUBB.' ' ? i 'It is hauuteri,' said his companion, gloomily. 'What am I bettar than any other evil spirit P Oh, heaven I' he oriod, passionately, 'tho horror of tho life I lead I' Shut up in thn prison I dare not loaro, haunted night and day by the vision of that murdered rann, every hope and blessing that llfo holds gouo forever, I ioelsomotimasaB though I was going mad I' Ho ' lifted his cap and let tho obill night-wind cool bis burning fornhoad. There waa » lonir, blank pause. 'When Boginald Stanford spoke, his Voice was low and subdued. 'Aro you qulta certain the man you shot was Bbot doodP You hardly waited to see, of course j 1 and bnw are you to tell positively the wound was fatal P' ' I wish to Heaven tbnro could be any doubt oj it I groB«oa cue yonnn; man, 'my aim tn unerring ; I saw him fall, shot through the heart.' Qip volco died away ic a hoarso whispor. Again -them WftB a pause. . . ' ? ' Your provocation wan great,' said Reginald. ' If anything can extenuate killing a Mlow -&raature;, it in that, Aro you quito poaitive P Bat perhaps I have no right to sponk on this 1 matter.' ? ? ? ' ' Speak, sponk 1' broke out Harry Danton. 'I am shut up in those horribla rooms from wnuk's end to week's end, until it ifl tbo only thing that keeps tan from going mud — tnlking of what I have done. What wore you (joing to say P' \ ' I wanted to ask you if you woro quite, oortiiin — beyond the shadow of doubt --of your wife's' guilt P Wo Boiuatiiimu ai'Utu torriblo mistakes in chose matters.' , 'Thoro wan no miBtnko,' replied IiIb aorapnnion, n.lfT« n nn/iriAn Innlr nf ntirrtttah . (* f.linra Antild -\%n nono. I aaw and heard, as plainly an I suo and hear you now. Thoro oould bo no mistake,' ' Do you know where your— whoro she is now P' ' No I'* with that look of anguish atlll. ' Na, I havo povar board of hor sinoo that drondfnl night. Sho may bo dond, or worse than dead, long ore this.' ..'You lovod hor very muoh,' said Boginald, imperiled to say it l-y tho uxproaalon of that ghattly faoe. t . ' Loved h«rl' ho ropnated. ' I have no wordii to tell how I lovod hor. I thought hor all that was puro, and innooont, and beautiful, and womanly, and sho— oh, fool.thntl wauio bollovn hor as Idfd I —to think, w nho mado mo to think, that I had hor wholo Uonrt!' ' Would you like to havn aomo ono to try Mid trace hnr out for you P Hor faith may bo iieoor tainpd yot, I will go to Now York, if you wish, -and do my best.' . ' No, no,' was the roply. 'What ubo would it lia f If you discovered hor to-morrow, what would it avail P Better tot her fata remain forover ?unknown than to find my worst feura ronlliwd. Fulso, wickod, degraded, im I know hor, I oannot forgot how mnilly I lovod hor— I cannot forgot that I lovo bor yet.' .... They wulkud up and down th» tnmnrnnk walk in tho froRty ntarlighfc, all ntill nnd poaonful around tliom— tiiu okv. aown with nllvr stars, »o Hsrono— thn onrHi, whito with Its snowy garb. *U bualicrl «nd tranquil— nothing ilfaturbitd but tho heart of nmu, .ill thln«n nt pou:u but liin storm tossed *oal. ? 'I am knoping you hort-,' said Harry, 'und it in growing late anil oold. I htn ndlflaliand ox«ufclrig in my mla'cry, un, I fear poor K»ta knows. Let w ( go in.' They walked to the house. When they entered, Reginald secured the door, and the two young men went up stairs togother. Ogiiin sat sleepily on a chair, aad started up at sight of them. Harry Danton held out his hand, with a faint, sad Biniie. ' Goad-night,' bo said ; ' I am glad to have nddiid ftanth«r to the list of my friends, I hope we shall soon tneac a^nin. Good night, and pleasant dreams.' ' We shall moH as often se you wish,' answered Reginald. ' You bavo my deepest sympathy. Good-night.' The white, despairing facn haunted Reginald Standfcr's dreams all night, aa if he bad indeed been a ghoBt. He was glad when morning came, cind ne could escape' the spectres of dreamland in tho buainesB of every day life. He Btopped in 'the hall on bis wsy down stairs, to look out at the morning, wet, and cold, and dark, and miser able. As he stood, some one passed him, ascending to the upper bedroom regionB of the servants — a smull, pullid litclo creature, looking like a etary spirit in its black dross— Agnes Darling. ' Auothur ghost !' thought Mr. Stanford, rnn ninir down Htairs. ' They oru not far wrong who cull Duatan Hull a haunted house.' (y« be continued.) 