Cupid Among the Cakes. By BLANCIE WVRAY. "Since when, Stapleton," asked Ur quart, of the Guards, "have you do voloped this extraordinary fondness for cakes ? Or is it, as I see you don't eat them, that you have taken to philanthropy and intend to give an al fresco entertain ment on the beach to all the small shoo blaeks and flower girls of Sidcomb I" "Don't be an ass, Urquart," answered Staploton, looking as wrathful as his pleasant, good- natured face would allow ; "surely a fellow may buy a few buns without being'put through his paces in this way ; and why that fool of a chambermaid doesn't take them downstairs I can't ilnagine." "All right, dear boy-- awfullysorry Ire annoyed you, but 1 can't help fancying thero must be a pretty pastry-cook at the bottom of all this sweet-stuff, and as I'm resuponsiblo for bringing you hero, feel I ought" That's enough," answered Stapleton, angrily drawing up his slight boyish figure; "as you want to find out every thing, I will save you, the trouble of doing so by telling you myself. I'm ini love with, and mean to marry, the pretty pastrycook, as you call her," and, turning his back upon his astonished friend, he began to drum a tune on the window panlles. "Stapleton-what utter folly. Why, it will do you no end of harm in the Ser vice, to say nothing of your mother and tihe prospective heiress she has in view. For goodness sake don't do anything that you will regret all the rest of your life." "I am not going to be married to morrow, or the next day- if that is what you are driving at," replied Stapleton, a look of determination passing over his face, which made Urquart-his senior by tenll years-realiso for the first time that the bright, light-hearted fellow, whom everyone looked upon as little more than a boy, was a man after all. "I don't want to be nasty, old chap," he said, laying his hand affectionately on his friend's shoulder; " it was awfully good of you to come and bore yourself with me in this dead-alive hole of a place, and I ought not to wonder if you have found amusement in a harmless tlirtation; but don't let it go further-unequal mar riages are no end of a mistake." " But, UrIquart, you've not seen Enid, or you would not speak of unequal mar riages. She looks fit to bea duchless ; indeed, I should think her one in disguise if she was not unmistakably like her aunt, Mirs Clifford. She's a perfect lady in every way herself, and as for her family -why, I'm not going to marry ,them all." "But your mother-what oil earth will she say ? She'll cut you off with a shilling without doubt, and marriage oil your part will mean absolute ruin to any one brought up as you have been." "My' mother must make the best of it ; I've been tied to her apron-strings too long as it is. Shei la had her own way ill everything since the poorold General's death, and can't expect to have itfor ever ; but here is someone coming-let's make friends, old man, I should hate to have a split with you." "A telegram for Mr Stapleton," said the waitress, entering the room with the air of excitement that the official looking yellow envelope always arouses in the domestic mind, particularly in aquiet little out-of-the-way place like the "Royal George," Sidcomb. It had been with all inward groan that Urquart had been des patched there by his doctor to recover from a long attack of weakness, the result of influenza, and great had been his pleasure in receiving a letter from Staple toll a week after his arrival, saying, "Expect mo to-night am sure you are bored to death, alone in such a slow hole, so am coming to do the truly rural with you," and certainly, for dullness, and bracing life giving air, Sidonmb is un rivalled ; but the two friends, who were naturally lightlhearted and ready to make tihe best of things, did not have half a bad time ; it was only the last week that Urquart had begun to feel uneasy. His friend's clong absences, and somewhat disjointed conversation, made hint suspect that something was in the wind ; and it was with a feeling of intenlse relief that lie read the telegram handed to him "Come home to-morrow; want you particularly. " ELIZABETH ,TAPLETON." S'I can't hear to leave you, darling," said Stapleton, a few hours later, when he and his lady-love were sitting together on one of the hard uncompromising benches at the extreme end of what the inhabitants of Sidcomb proudly styled the esplanade. It was a calm perfect evening; the soft air fanned Enid's fair cheeks and toyed with the waves of her hair. She was looking pretty enough to win asy man's heartand, impulstve lover as he was, Stapleton was perfectly correct in speaking of her as a lady. There was an indefinable charm and grace in every movement; the plain black dress sh, wore fitted the slight, graceful figure to perfection, and the soft, gentle voice was very sweet to listen to. "1Yes, dear," she answered ; "I shall s tis you. fearfully, and shall always remember iow happy we have been, if, as is quite possible, we never moot again" "My darling, there are to be no 'ifst in thae matter," answered Stapleton, taking one of her pretty, white hands. "LOf course we shall meeoot aeain. I shall return in at least a fortnight; in fact, I should not go to- morrow if the Mater was not so urgent. Sso has had her own way for years, and I can't change the order of things all at once. Besides, I want to tell her about you ; she may cut up a bit rough just at first, but it will all come riglit in the end, and if the worst came to the worst, you would not mind being a poor tman's wife, would you, dearest I" "No, dear ; but I should mind you having a breach with your mother. Ile smember, you are her only child, Jack; and, she swonl't approve of me. I fear we hlave boeen rovry foolish ; iat, at any rate, remember. I sall quite understaod anwl forgive, if, after you are amsong your own surroundings again, you realise the mit, take you have mado. My love for you is too strong to ask you to sacriice your life for ny sake." "Dearest, don't talk so, it makes ne wrotched. You are so muoch to meo I could not give you up for any number of mothers. It may take a little time, as my maother is a woman of great determiml tion and has some rich girl sho mot in Paris a few mlonths ago, whoin she has determinetd I'm to nmarry; but whocl she sees I'm equally determined not to, she will have to give in." "And the rich girl may be very charm ing and fascinating--much nicer than I ami." "Impossible-heiressos aro always plain ; it's the law of compensation, don't you know. Besides, I shoult hate a horrid pursoeproud thing who would dole me out lie-pound notes and expect one to be eternally grateful. No, I never took to the idea of this young woman, even before I saw you, swoet one. She is coming to thle Towors soor, I believe." "And if. Jack, you li lihleer, don't thilk of mee; your mother would never tolerate a girl whoso only relations keep a con fcctionor'seshop. PoordearAuntClifford, good and handsomeo as she is, could never, under any circumstances, pass for a lady. My poor mother, ler sister, was different ; she had travelled and seen more of the world. Yes, we have been very happy, and, remember, I shall understand what over happens. But it's getting late-i mustr not stay any longer, or poor auntie will be in a fidget. Don't come to see me to-morrow, I'm going out early with my cousin. Let us say 'good-bye' hero il thls lovely sunset, it will be a beautiful memory alwvays." "Not good-bye, my sweotheart ; yo don't understand. Why will everybody always treat me as a foolish boy? You are the one woman I love, Enid. Can't you trust me, dear 1 "and, taking her in his arms, he kissed her lovingly and reverently, bringing tears to tie girl's eyes, and making iher realise that un mistakably a priceless love was hers. "MIy dear boy, do try to look a little less like a bear with a sore head," said Mrs Stapleton the next evening, when she and her son were standing together ill the pretty drawing- room at the Towers ; " wait until you see how charming 'Iiss Carter is, and you will be ready to forgive me for summoning you home." "I fancy it's in view of her money the beauty lies," answered Stapleton crossly. Ho was in tie worst temper imaginable. It was trying to have been called away front Enid in any case, but to find, on his arrival, that it was simply because Miss Carter, the heiress, had hastened lher visit, was doubly exasperating. He had only arrived just in time to dress for dinner, and to vent his ire on Mcrs Staple tonl in a manner that made her realise, as Major Urquart had done, that the boy had become a man--had broken loose from her leading strings, and that her cherished plan might be more difficult to accomplish than she had anticipated. " At any rate, be polite, dear," she said anuxiously; "I think 1 hear her coming." " I lhope I always behave as a geutle man," answered Stapleton, just before the door opened to admit - not Miss Carter, but her Freclh maid, .who, ill preotty broken English, explained that her mistress, being much overtired withi her journey, hoped madaeme would excuse her not coming down to dinner, but that she would join them in tile drawing-room afterwards. Mrs Stapleton was not sorry for the respite. Jack's favourite dishes, prepared by her excellent cook in honour of the young master's return, might hlavo a soothing effect upon hlim ; and it certaiely was so, for when lie re-entered the draw ing-room after his solitary cigar, he looked more like his usual handsome well eroomed self. " Miss Carter lhas not appeared yet," said his mother, who was bending over some embroidery. " Co and have a poep at my flowers, they are finer than ever this year." Stapleton strolled over to the conser vatory at the far end of the room, which, beiug well filled with choice blossoms, was one of the prettiest items of the house. He was slowly sauntering round, admiring the beauties of Nature assisted by Art, when he suddenly discovered that lhe was not alone. Seated in a pretty white wicker chair was a still, graceful figuro-a fgure.which, as he came nearer, lifted up a sweet smiling face-a face so mirrored on his memory that lhe thought it was the vision of his own dear love. But no, it was not a vision, for it had risen, and coming softlyto him, whispered: "Jack, I am not a ghost-don't you know me? Speak, dear, or I shall think you are angry."' "Enid, sweet one, is It really you?" le cried, recovering from his nastonish ment sufficiently to be able to speak, and clasping tile dainty figure lovingly in his arms. "I don't understand, dear, ]erw you have snanaged to get here." "To get here,' she answered laughingly. " Oh, that was easy enough-ithe train brought me ; but don't you guess-can't you see that I've been playing 'Dr Jekell aed Mr Iydo ?' il fact, tlhat I'm a most unprincipled younng woman who has been pansing herself off as Enid Clifford while all the time she was Enid Carter " " Jack, though one of the best fellows going, was not particularly quick at taking in a situation, but at last it dawned upon him that now there would be no difficulties to contend with, and that Enid was his to lose and marry with the utmost despatch. And how lovely she was. Standing be hind the counter dispensing sponge and Eceelos cakes shie lhad been absolutely charming; but now, clad in soft silken draperies, with pearls round her slender, white throat, she was ten times more lovely. "Now, dear," sheo said, drawing herself away from him, "you must listen to my long story, and are not to give me one more kiss until we get to the end of it, as perhlaps you will wish to close our acquain tanco on finding how very deceitful I've been. Besides, you don't like heiresses -they are always plain, and dole out £5 notes." "If I'm not to kiss you until the end of the story, for goodness sake begin," said the enraptured lover, sitting downl beside her, and gazing into her fair, piquant face. SWell, Jack, it's always well," she continued, " to get the worst over first, and if you are congratulating yourself upon your future wife not being the niece of a confectioner, I must disillusion you at once.. Mrs Clifford is undoubtedly my aunt ; in fact, the only one I believe I possess. My fatlher's family I know nothing about, as they all cut him after his marriage with my mother, soon after which he emigrated, and, being a sharp, clever man, madeo - as the Americans would put it--his ' pile.' ly mother died when I was quite a child, and my father when I was sixteen, leaving me in charge of a legal friend who has the of a Mrs Le Straeng, tile widow of all oet Colonial effieor, who has been my chapo rono uep to tie time of my Sideomb fre ak, when an attack of typhoid laid up the poor old lady, and necessitated my boinji sent somewhero-- whero, it was difHioult to decide. I remembered your mother's kind invitation, but felt it was hardly fair to go to her straighlt from an infeeted house. I hlad always kept up a corres pondence with my aunt on account of my mother's memory, so the best thing seemed for me to go to her. 'lThe first few days at Sidcomb were fearfully slow; my relations treated me with overwvlelm ing respect, and made me sit itn solitary state in tie best parlour, but at last I could stand it no longer, and begcged to be allowed to serveo in tie slop- anyeleinag thallt made a chanege ie my somewhaclnt dull life wis most welcoel . c The lot of a 'irl with money, owho has o one to care for hier apart from it, is by no means a bed elof ' You know what followed. )Do't you remember tle little ragamlluie boy gazing lhungrily in at our wildow, and who looked up in your face and said, ' Give ubs a peeeey, sir,' and hIown you coma in ned boeeght six of eey iiggeet Inseel I rhalll never forget that simnple act of klindllness. I holiove 1 loved you froen that moment. Of coure', mey girlilsh curiosity was aroused, and I wanted to find out who you were ; and in a small place like Sid comb it was not difficult. The arrival of two smart young oficers like yourself and Major Urquart created no small excite mont, and when I discovered that you were Mr Stapleton of the Guards, whose mother, the mistress of Kingston Towers, had invited me to stay with her shortly, a wild idea took possession of me. Why should I not try to win your love before you know I was the possessor of £5,000 a year ? Mfy wretched money had brought me many wooers, but none for my sake alone. To beloved apart from my money bags was the great wish of my lifo, and that you admired me was unmistakable ; your visits Cu to the shop were so constant, and the amount of unwholesome sweet sweeoot-stuffyou bought something alarm ing. But you know the roat. It was a case of love at first sight with us both. ' A few days before the telegram from your mother, I heard from SMrs Lo Strange, saying she was bettor and hoped to join me in a few days en route for thIe Towers, our next resting place. I felt pretty sure of you then, andl, as I did not want the good lady to know of my little tricks, I decided to write to your mother asking her to have me a little sooner, and Mrs Lo Strange could join me a few days later. I got til letter posted by a friend in London, and hence the telegram you found so distressing." She paused at the end of her long history and awaited her lover's verdict. " Dearest," he said solemnly, " I should have married you, as I trust you know. iu spite of anything my mother or anyone else mighlt have lad to any, but it would not be human nature if I said I regretted thee change of affairs. A man is always thankful to avoid a fuss, and £5,000 a year is a very nice addition to our income ; but with or without it you are the one woman for me, darling ; but are we to tell mry mother about Sidcomb 7" " Yes, wve rwill have no more deceptions; besides, I'm not ashamed of the cake shop; in fact, I love it dearly, as it brought me the one thing I wanted someone to love me for myself alone. Yes, dear, it was undoubtedly a case of ' Cupid among the cakes. " 