ACTORS OF THE PAST. . : PALL MAM 'MAGAZINE.! Boforo wo come to tho year of tho Queen's accession, and tho heyday of Macready's career, Ictus glance for a . moment ut Edmund Kean through tho oyes of Hazlitfc nml T, 'WithHho possiblo exception of Mrs. Siddons, Hazlitt regarded Kean as tho greatest uotor ho ! cyor witnessed. " Nor," ho says, " oxoopt in voice and porBon, . anil tho eonsoiouB ease and dignity naturally resulting from thoso advantages do wo know that evon Mrs Siddons wns greater. In truth of nature and force of passion, in discrimination and origi nality, wo see no inferiority to any one on tho part of Mr. Kean ; hut tlicro is an insignificance of figure and a hoarseness of voice, that noces- sanly - vulgarise or diminish our idea of the characters ho ploys ; and perhaps to this may bo addod a want of a certain elovation and magnitude of thought of which Mrs. Siddons's noblo form seomed to bo tho only natu ral mould and rcceptaclo." Kem- blo according to Leigh Hunt, hnd faded boforo Kean like a tragedy ghost. " Komblo's Othello," ho.declnrcd, " was not tho man, but his mask ; a trophy, a consul's rulio, a statue ; or, if you please, -a rhetorician. It was Addi son s Cato or an actor's Schoolmaster, which" aeMnVr1'' J?' "ijllior Shnkspoaro nor gonuino noun;,. Kemblo had novcr moved him except 08 Lear. Kean ho novcr. saw ' without being movod, anil moved, too, in 50 ways-by his sarcasm, lus sweetness, his pathos, his excecd- IllLS'T'V Vs fA'f"' lovifcy- lllB measureless H,mti ',t0J i>«lo person absolutely becomes tail, and rises to tho height of moral gran deur in such diameters us tliat of Othollo. renfiv. n tho actor with whom Mac- ready had to challenge comparison when ho camo to London iu 1810. Tho critics paid him the compliment o£ at least comparing him with his groat rival, though soldom to hisadvantngo —in the expression of domestic tonderneis sunorior T If'", Hu"t"'low that ho wns tho tnfim thni G0U was porliap more favorable to lum than tho rest, describing him as being ''Lin'"0, romantic,' n8 Komblo wns tho most classical, and Kean tho "most in tensely human of actors. Sorao denied his light even to the titlo of tragedian, oontendin-' thfs fVnT18 ?rCBSfrUl nly mel(wl"i<« ." but th s &eorgo.; llenry Lowes, a roliablo asweH'ns a brilliant critic, declares to bo absurd n,„r T w 1' !i,r8t l'ear of the present reign Maoready, then a man of 4-1, undertook Ono ?? hi!0fi i1' ? 0ovcnt Garden Theatre. Ono of his firBt acts was to petition the young lbifi'l; li1 tpeoud patronage; and for tlio liberty to assume foi-.v lnsf , play-era itlic titlo of Her Majesty u Company of Performers." This is recorded on 10th August. On 23rd August Ho received a gracious reply, thus sum marised by Maorendy himself:— "The Queen hud expressed horsolf niuoli interested in Oovent_ Garden, .stated that she- had great lb?in in roll<Iy nml admiration for his talent, that the precise object of his roquost required consideration, but if it should ho deemed impracticable to concede, r. that sho trusted other means might bo found of render ing assistance to his undertaking." In Novem ber tho quean visited the theatre, and asked to soo Maorendy after tho performance was over. The event is thus recorilod :— "I dressed inysolf in full dross, and went to wait on her as sho retired. At length tlie Qtioon- n, vory pretty girl-came. Lord Conynglmm told her who I was. She smiled and bowed, nud said, I am very much obliged to you,' pointed mo out to the Duchoss of Kent, and bowed repeatedly to-mo." Thirteen years later Maorendy performed before the Queen under circumstances loss pleasing to himself. The occasion was that of a production of Julius Cicsur at \\\ indsor Castle uiidertakon by Charles Kean, whom lio regarded with but little favor. Kean was rownrilod for his services by- the pro- sent of a diamond ring, which ho lost; where upon a wit gavo out tho report that it ."had been found sticking in Macready's gizzard" ! atacreauy has painted his own portrait for us, tvarta and all, in the fascinating volumes from whioh I have made those brief quotations— his ltemimsconcos, Diaries and Letters," edited by the lato Sir Fredoriok Pollock, ono of his most intimate friends. It iB a striking, and on tho whole a pleasing, portrait ; and the warts are painted m so conscientiously and uncom promisingly that one does not liosibatc to accept it as a faithful likeness, In.tho company of his favorite associates, Dickens, horstcr, Talfourd, liulwor Ly tton, Lalor Shell, as well as in his family circle, Macready was kindly, affection-' ate, n delightful companion. In his dealings with lus tallow actors, unfortunately, ho was less adipirablo : with thorn lie was unaymiitt- thctic, irritable, churlish. As appreciative as another of tho delights of his profession, lie could not endure its discomforts and drawbacks. He had taken to it unwil- a chafed throughout his Career fho social disabilities which it involved. Whoncver his foot touched tho boards," as Mr. Archer puts it, in hiB admirable biography of the actor, " his self respect, like Bob Acros's courage, began to oozo out at his finger tips, anil tho great check upon his lower nature was removed. Needless to say, ho was not popular in his profession. Once, when he was absent from relienrsal on acoount of illness, tho ox- planatioii was given that he had heart diseaeo. hat . cried au actress (still liying) who wus standing by, "Macready suffering from heart diseaso 1 You might ab "woll try to mako mo. believe that "Walter Lacy could suffer from brain fover. 1 . Macroadyvliko many another actor-uinnagor, was given to taking the centre of tho stage. When he played Othello," says Goprge Van-' denhblE ' wittily, "Iago ! was to ho' 110- T e." was a mere stoker, whoso business it was to. supply Othello's passion with fuol and koep up his high pressure. The next night, perhaps, lie took Iago, and lo ! presto !> everything was changed. Othello wae to bo-1 como a mere puppet for -Iago to play with." I- am afraid that, carried away by' my own inte rest in his character, I. liavo allowed him hero to indulge' this propensity once mora, to tho- unduo exclusion of those othor notable figures of his.timo whoso nnmcB I have mentioned. 