Jubilee of Methodism. Tho Jublloo of Methodism appears, un- fortunaluly, lo have como in contact with the olomcnts of nature, for a morn inauspicious day than yestorday to coinmcmoralo tho momnntful occasion certainly has not boon experienced during tbo past twelve monina. Tho incessant rain, holding out no proapuois of oossntion, precluded all likelihood of nvon a decent attondnnco at tho special sorvlcoa provided, and In oonscqunnco, morning, altor- noon and ovening nothing more than a bare handful ventured to find thoir way through wind and rain to tho Queen's Theatre, whore, it had been hnpofully antlaipatod, several hundred would altond. YESTERDAY'S SERVICES. Tho work ot oonduotlng yestorday'rt wor ship (Involved upon tho Rev. T. Oopoland, of Molbourno, nnd ho must have found it terribly depressing to faco so dismal' an array of omply scats; tho merciless rain nt tlmos rendoring it noxt to impossible to follow the scqucnco of thuught put forward in his masterly addresses. Mr. Copeland onnuot I, ln.mn/1 a nnllohml nrnnnhni' fnr hn nlnthna his idoas in tho simplest terms, but thoro can be no gainsaying tho olonr and convinc ing way in which bo sets forth his vlowe. At tho morning service tho text ohosen was " St. Paul's epistle to tho Ephcsians," ohap. 1 voraca 15-20. Tho reverend gontleman said tbo prayer of Paul contained In thoso vorsos differed from ordinary prayer. Anyone praying gave ovldonco of their own earnest conviction and desire. But tho prayers of Paul were truly pious prnyors and as suoh ovidonoes of God's will. So prayer was to thom of great morit and sorvice. Thoy catno to seo how God felt and desired. Paul put boforo theso Ephislans two things. IIo wantod thom to havo tin spirit of wisdom, nnd revelation In tho knowlodgo of Christ, in order that they might soo tho hopo of their oauso. Tho spirit of wisdom might mean two things. It might mean tho holy spirit of God, or it might mean thoir own spirit mado by him. Paul desired that Uioy might becomo specially wisb in tbe knowlodgo of Christ, uis prnvor was, " that tho God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of the glory, may givo unto you tho spirit of wisdom." There was muoh more thought ot God in thoso words than thoy had learned yet. Ho prayed that tho Spirit of God might enable thom to prayer brought them broader viows. So thoy wore all oortnin to learn more as the Spirit of revelation and wisdom was made known to them. Paul spoke of tho God of Christ, and if Jesus Christ took tho God of Abraham for his God and served him in every senso, thnt was surely a wondeful evi dence of the spirit of tho Father of Glory. Wbntovor was groat and grand, thoy should think ol God as tho Father of that. Ail that was worth having came from God. Then Paul spoke ot " tho eyes of your understand- iog being enlightened." Tho eyes are openod in different ways. Onco one point is learned it becomes a sort of key to othor points; so that tho Apostle prayed that tho Ephesians should como to eco something else, and that was tho most important point, "That ya mav know what is tho hopo of his onfiing," was tho Apostlo's prayer. To bo liko Christ implied a wonderful trait in men's character. Think how much there must be in a man to bo like Him, and then think ot being with Him. Sec what it im plied, nnd tbe wonderful change in a man's circumstances. The call was a big ono ; something piorc thi\n a map could tako in now. Rut whon a man gavo liis heart up to God truly, ho got this calling. As a man went on learning of God aud Ilia goodness, ho had a larger view of what tho people of God aro. A' hope such as Paul spoke of was .a very great pleasure. " \Yo are saved by hopo," lie said. Anyone surrouuded by troublo must know what n wonderful aid n big hope was. It made tho person glad nnd mado bin; work. And so this hopo of God stimulated joy and comfort. When the day is sad tho man of hope is always looking out for brighter days. Paul went on lo say, " nnd W'lmt tho riches ot tho glory of bis inheritance in tho Suintsi" This mount, in tho preacher's judgment, that God had an inheritance in tho Saints. God took tiic people of Israel for His possession and mado them His chosen people. Qver and over again He ' appeared to theiu. working for liis race ; nnd what Israel was to God, tho Church of God is to Him to-day, Saints aro His property, and He values them for a very good reason— that overy Saint made has ucen made nt the cost of Ilis Son, Jesus Ohrist, Further, to mako a man, oonform to the imago of God's own Eon, to fill him with joy und pence in the image ot God, takes ft very long time, Most men do not yield readily to God's Word, so various events of Providence nra brought to bear upon them. So tho Spirit of God goes on and better. The Saints were made at the cost of His Son, and thus they had not only become valuablo to Him, but the most valunblo pro- porty He hns. The riches of tho glory of His inheritance in the Snints Paul spoko of is tho wealth God values most. " Tho exceeding greatness of His Power" Paul referred to was tho very power that raised Christ from tho dend. Christ always referred to tho Bpirit of God resting on Him, enabling Him to speuk the Father's Word nnd carry out His works ; and He attributed the whole of His wonderful lifo to the Spirit of God being on Hini. This Spirit was working always. Tlioy eiuld see what it did when tho. Apostle Stephen was being stoned to death. It so greatly worked upon him that through all the torturo'his countenance wore n serene emilo nnd ho looked Christly. How did they look when people spoke against them, worked against them, nnd did them bodily barm ? They did not look like angels undor suoh circum stances. But Stephen did, and prayed " Father, forgive them." Tho Apostles Peter and John wofo publicly flogged, but tboy loft tho Council rejoicing that they had been con sidered worthy to suffer shame for Christ's Sftke. This Spirit was a wonderful power, to put peace and joy in the heart, in ihe place of malicious missions. Whr-n nnvnnn/>nnl/I bofln his temper under an Injustico, it showed ho possessed the power of wisdom. Paul, too, referred to what tho Holy Ghost did for Ohrist, that tboy might see how very great is tho Spirit ol God glvon to Christ's people. Any mnn oould not only bo good,- but very good. Tho Ohurah suffered becauso mon did not live up to tbo average of goodness. Man had it in his power to bocoiue liko tho early Apostles, becauso the Gospel God gave him was tho same Gospel thnt mudo tho Saints. What a man is, determines what ho does ; and if thoy did not possess tho Spiritual grip of God thoy could not do much. God's plan was to mako tho world good by good peonlo, Mcii could refuse to hear preachers, but they could not help seeing good men's lives, nnd thoro was nntlijng more convincing to a bad mah ujui) fq sc'o a ftooil man living in tho Spirit of God. What Paul wished the Ephesians to havo, God wished them to linvo. Ho felt sure that all, or any of thoso before him could do with moro real love. It was love that made life moro pleasant, useful, and nbundant. Lovo wns tho grand principle that fulfilled the law. So tho Gospel gavo thom 11 great lovo and lifted thnm nn in Irnnw tho truth of tho caqso and tho great power thnt worked wRhiff thou;, In tho ovonlng tbo prcaohcr look bis text from Lake's Gospel, ohapter 9, vorses 41 and 42, "And when Ho was oomo near, He be- hold tho city and wopt over it, saying, if thou hadst known, evon thou, at least In this thy day, tho things whioh belong unto thy place, but now thoy are hid from thino eyes " Ho said it is a mattor of importance to try and understand Jesus Christ bolter by every apt ho performed and every word ho uttered. This narrativo showed Christ to be differently affected from those around him, They were roioioiiig and Allad with a. Rnn nt ».i. u Bat Christ sow more than thoy did. Ho con nected tho nation's past with ita presont, nnd JowlBb history, os ii whole, rovonlod o re bellious and stiff- necked Bonorotlbn. Ho know tht i great importance ol thoir present, though thoy did not recognise nnd own Him as Messiah. In i spite > of „11 Ho bad said and dono in their midst they regarded Ilim ae an Impostor. Evon. to-day tbo Jaws wore still looking for thoir promtsod king. OhriBt saw alsD thsir luture doom. His predlolions of tnolr punishment wero oieor and forceful and most honoring to all. It was known to all Students of historv thnt thnnA nwnrllAt t.- j been literally fulfilled, tho olty ruined, the tomple destroyed, the people mado to suffer fearful extremities. Ohrist saw, also, what the Jews might havo been had they aoeepted Him as Messiah. It was dlffbult to sov how muoh of national honour, national prosperity and national blessing they wnuld havo en- oyod had thoy known tho day of their vlsita- Ion, but Ohrist know all this. Hcnoo He was moved to tearB. Ho was so offeotod by all hat he saw of their poBt, their present and their future that Ho was deeply touobed. This reveals Christ a boundless compassion, lor tbOUHh Ho WAS flintf mncMrtnn nt „ti 11. sliamo, and sorrow and suffering awaiting Himself, He was moved, not by His own noar Pal?8,b"' thSir'a. Tho narrative Biso re- vented Christ's porfcot righteousness, His sympathy oould not ovorrldo His sonso of iH'i ai" u f Jvs' s " PeoPl8- must suffer; as individuals, they would have, the oppor' tuuitics of tho gospel; but tbo nation, as suoh, must suffer doom. These two tbouehts ... j P. compassion and Hie. perfect rectitude, must go together. : With regard -to thtw present that night, there yyora things that mado for tbolr ponoo and things that mado for thnlr doom. Man is naturally ri enmity with God, and following tho bont of his own mind and heart nnd will, would go astray. Tho first thing thnt mnkcB tor mon'a pcaco Is tho pardon of God through tho re domption thnt is In Christ Jobuu. This wi g roooivod by faith, and boing juatlflod by faith, thoy ImdpouoQ with God, Tho noxt thing thnt mado for mnn'a poaco was tho work d Iho spirit of God, whioh works up on man's faculties. All nocdod tho influence aud graca os tho Holy Bpirit, for ovou OhriBt tho Bin- less Ono, cumo undor His powor. Tho pronoher thnn wont on to say that tho tlma was limited within which thoso tilcsstr a could bo obtained. Botwoon tho period or birth nnd doath man has tho opportunity of accepting, but it did not oxtonu bevond tbo gravo. Man could bccomo so hardenod nnd spiritually blind ns to rondor U morally Impossible to bccomo pcnlitont and earnest about thoso mnttorp, Ily resisting appeals and refusing to follow tho light, they bocamo loss nnd loss liable to do right. It wns necessary to realise tbo great imporianco of ylolding to good in fluonccs without dolay. Thoso porslstontly pooplo of Jerusalem Ohrist shod toars, for them Ho had shod His blood. Ho would bo tho Jndgo at tbo lost, and would dooldo with impartial justico. Gordon's oharaotor re vealed a man of groat solf-Baorlfico and per- foot reotUudo ; so was U with Josus Ohrist in a prc-ominont dogroo. Lot all who opposed God nccopt His Dlvino will and tcaoblng, Lifo was unoortaln; let thom yiold now. 