SOME TERRiBLE FRIGHTS. The following stories are the result of the Answers Prize Competition amongst Its readers for startlers:— ANSWKRITFH' HAIR-RAISING KX- PKRIRNCES. Novelists have a habit ol' mak ing one of their ehnruotein, at least, undergo some blood-curdling ordeal which bleaches that unfortunate per son's raven locks In a single night. We were under the Impression thut such things only happened between the cov ers of a book until we read the post cards sent In for the "Fright Competi tion." Now wo know, to our sorrow, that se veral thousands of our readers have had their hair transformed from Its natural hue to a state of snowy whiteness, the Dine for transformation varying from ten seconds to a fortnight. We sympa thise with them, though It Is undoub tedly uu excellent thing for manufactu rers of hair dyes. A prize was given for the postcard "A 'Startler.' " inan The greatest fright I over expe rienced was on board the s.s. Mobile, at the Royal Albert Docks. Two of us were repairing a suction- pipe In a ballast tank, nnd wc had to work all night to get the Joh'tlnishcd, as the ship was advertised to sail next day. In the morning, .when we, hnd completed our work, and were packing up our tools, they started pumping water In. It hissed uround us knee deep, and, thoroughly terrified, we made ft rush for the' nmn-hole. It was dark as pitch, and we could not find nny way of es cape!. The water swirled In faster and flutter, und we had to fight for hrcnth. Just us we liegati to despair we hoard a. -faint shouting, the pumping cngjpe wna stopped, and we were dragged out more dead than alive. That was a fright, and no mistake! A MIDNIGHT STEEPLECHASE, While In the country somo time ago I wiui returning in the small hours of the morning. It was very dark, but for all that I abnndotied the main roud, and started to make a short cut across the fields. I could not see a foot beyond me. and had not proceeded far before I suddenly stumbled and fell— not to the ground, but upon some weird, hairy monster. Kre 1 could regain my feet It sprung up with a horrid roar, and set off into the gloom nt u terrific pace. Like grim death I clung tn Its shaggy hack, with my hourt' In my mouth. Suddenly it swerved, nnd I felt myself hurtling through the air. and descended with a crash on the wet grass. 1 luy dazed for a few moments, and rose painfully, only to be horrified by the sight of a pulr of fiery eyes glaring at me out of the dark- My knee shook with dreud, and I would probably huve fainted had not Die moon shone out. and revealed an ohl milch euw glaring at mc reproachfully over the fence. CHASED BY THE ENEMY. The biggest fright thnl I have had was in '81. 1 belonged to u iiillltlu regiment that drilled In a park Just out of Lon don. We were skirmishing one day. at the time of year when the deer are very spiteful, uttd we had been advancing on a corner of the park where the poor, frightened deer hud fled for shelter. We received the order to charge, which order was obeyed with plenty of shout ing; hut, sad to relate, we did not wait for the "retire" to sound. Suddenly the deer came out, with unu or two grand ohl stags at their heud, and prepared to resist the attack. Officers and men swung round, dropped their weapons, and run as they hnd never done before. 1 have been grey-headed ever sine. KILLED THE BURGLAR. We were silting up late In the farm kitchen, and my father hud been relat ing some stories of during robberies that had occurred In the district. About <ine o'clock in the morning there were unmistakable sounds of burglurs In the yard, and the dogs were burning lustily. We were all terror-stricken. Father got' the gun, nnd the rest of us armed ourselves with pokers and slicks. The shutters were cautiously thrust open, and we demanded who was there? No answer was returned, but we distinctly heard stealthy footsteps up- proachlng the window. Bung! Whether by accident or deslcn, father fired, there was an ear-splitting shriek that tnude us shiver In out- shoes. He had shut the foal! A WONDERFUL ESCAPE. My first voyage ns un apprentice took me round Cnpu Horn, und one night, when wc were healing round, I hud u terrible experience. it win. blowing hard und cold, with ail accompanying shower of sleet, and 1, with another apprentice and the third tiiali1, were out on the bowsprit short ening sail. In duing this one of the ropes knotted In running through u holt ring, and the mute lohl tne to lean over and eleur It. In doing this, rny hands, numbed with cold, lust their hold, and I fell Into a bulling seu from u. ship running at near ly sixteen knots before the gale. Here il wonderful thing hupponed. I fell Into the trough of u wave, and could .tcc her hows high up above me as she rose. Quick as thought she dived, and ncr sprit, with the two men on it, :amu down to the water's edge. In that liistuut thu mute grabbed my coat, and lifted ine lifhis strong arms, and -before I had time to crawl down the bowsprit to the tlflek we were u mile iway from where I fell. At the time 1 realised nothing, but my nearness to leatli taht night gave tnc a fright Dint haunts me to-duy. WORSE THAN THE BIG WHEEL. 1 had an unenviable experience some years ago, when working at a windmill. It was my duty to climb up the wheel, and spread the canvas to catch the wind. On one occasion the miller set the mill going, igtmrunt of the fact that I wus still on the wheel. When that wheel began to revolve I had the biggest fright a man eouhl well have, and 1 lung on like grim death.. One moment I won fifty feet In the air. nnd again thu huge sail to which f was hanging would soar downwards ilmosl to the ground. Every Instant I .repeated to drop— to drop ineuut cer tain death. I yelled for help at the top of my lungs, and luckily the miller heard tne, grasped the situation, nnd lowered me gently from my perilous position, till 1 was near enough to terra flrma to let go my hold. Probably the whole occurrence did not last four minutes, hut to mc It appeared an eternity of time. A LUCKY MISS. In the early eighties I was a sergeant In Die volunteer artillery at Swansea, and on one occasion was told off In command of a squud to keep onlookers from piuiBlng across the rungo during ball practice on the beach. Whilst in the performance of this duty I moved a few yards from my place to warn a bystander from a dangerous position, and suddenly hcurd the word "Ready!" This was immediately followed by "Fire!" which I heard just as I turned my eyes In the direction of the battery. Then? I saw. to my horror, thut my head was exactly In line with, and ubou; a dozen yards from, thu muzzle of the gun ! Under ordinary circumstances, I had fttt InllnlP'Hlmal portion of a second to live, and 1 knew It und realised the posl- lipti! After the lapse of what appeared to me a considerable time, Inasmuch as many things passed through my mind In the interim, I realised thu wonderful fact thut the frlctlon-iubc had failed to 1 think no one will accuse mc of weak ness when I ndil that the revulsion of feeling caused me to stagger half un conscious Into the arms of a comrade. THRASHED IN THE DARK. 1 was horribly frightened about six years ugo. It was on a very dark night, i had Just left Si. Albans on my old solid-lyre safety, and was making fur London along the main road. All was silent, and, being of a rather nervous dis position, 1 quickened my pace, us I did not feci nt all eomfortuble. Suddenly, without uny warning, I re ceived a blow front behind. I looked eould not see nty assailant. I called out, but instantly received unother blow. Thoroughly scared, I rode for my life; hut still my relentless foe kept shower ing blows upon me till jyas stiff and sore. At length, almost, exhausted, I saw a light, which proved to bo an Inn.' Falling rather than dismounting from my machine, I staggered Into the house, and blurted out the weird story. The landlord went out with a lantern, examined the machine, and hurst Into u lit of laughter. The tyro of the rear wheel had broken, and, In revolving, had thrashed me unmercifully. It took mo some time, however, to re cover from my fright and soreness. IT WASN'T THE BOGIE MAN. I slept In a room over the shop, und was the sole occupant of the premises during the night. I hud sunk, as was my wont, Into a deep, refreshing sleep. Suddenly I awoke, to llnd that my hair was going up and my courage wus go ing down. For a moment I was spellbound with fear, for n strange, unearthly light per vaded the room, proceeding, as I quick ly perceived, from a ball of blinding light, about the size of n cricket ball, suspended in mld-alr at the further end of the room. I sprang up, quivering with horror, gazing ut that eerie, staring eye of light. It moved— It wus coming nearer! My blood run cold, and I was gasping for breath, when a hoarse voice grunted out : "It's all right, guv-nor, only you've forgotten to lock the shop-door!" It '..'us the police imin, with his bull's- eye lantern! I believe I put my arms round his neck and embraced him when I discovered It wasn't n ghost, after all. A ".STARTLER." One night I had got home after a very hurd day's work, and. after huvlng tea, I had sett luil down for a quiet smoke. I had my chulr drawn close to the fen der. with my feet on a hassock, und was feeling very comfortable Indeed. Suddenly I sprung from my seat and listened. A newsboy was shouting : "Terrible defeat of the British Army!" Visions of hiittlellelds, with dead and wounded soldiers, London in ashes, Englund made desolate by the wur- rtend, and a thousand other terrible scenes flashed across tny mind, until I was almost fainting with sheer fright. But. ah! who wus there to beat Eng land? Perhaps Russia, I thought. And I much! a terror-stricken rush for the door, yelled for the newi;-lad, nnd In my haste forgot to take my change. I opened the paper with trembling hands, and In cold perspiration read: "Corinthians, 5 gonls; The Army, nil." IN MID-AIR. Two or three years hack some steeple- Jueks were repairing the chimney of the mill where I am employed. I obtained consent to ascend from the mc-n In charge, and took my place In the sling. Before I had gone very fur I lost my nerve, and, when nearly at the lop, my feet catching the rough coping of the chimney, I slipped from my seut, but managed to grasp Die rope with my bunds. There T hung, clinging like grim death,' about 130ft from the bottom. II seemed hours before the men low ered me slowly and safely to the ground. I have no umbttlun nuw to emulate Mr Answers' steeplejack performance. The agony I suffered during those aw ful moments when I swung In mid-air hus cured me of that. FRIGHTENED OUT OF HIS BOOTS. It wus In the whiter of 1801— a very dark und dismal night. 1 had passed two hours In u railway carriage, and then started to walk a distance of six miles, which lay between me und tny night's rest. The first pure of rny Journey lay across some sandy fields, and then 1 entered u nat row lane. No sooner had I reached this lane, than 1 found 1 hnd got some suiid In my hoots. I therefore sat down on the side of the road, und, tak ing off my boots, pluccd them on what appeared in the dark to lie the stump of an old tree. This turned out to be a man asleep, who uttered such a fearful yell us soon us the bouts touched hlut thut ! took to my heels, and rait the remainder of the distance barefooted. I forgot tny boots. On going with a friend to look fur them in tne morning, I found they had vanished. 