CHAPTER III. A Breath from thc Old South. The room in which Edward Morgan opened his eyes next morning was large and the ceiling low. Tho posts of the hod ran up to within a foot of the latter, and supported a canopy. As he lay let ting the dream shadows draw away, his eyes took in all the details of his apartment. There was no carpet, the curtains were of chintz, and the lambrequins evidently home-made. The pictures on the wall were few, and chielly portraits. There was a steel engraving representing the last meet ing of Lee and Jackson, in a frame made of pine cenes, with clusters of young pines at the cor ners. The curtains were held back with rosettes of paper, and there were home-made brackets on both sides of the mantel, full of swamp grasses. The bureau had two miniature Tuscan columns, between which was hung a swivel glass. All was homely, but clean and suggestive of a woman's presence. And through the open windows there floated a delicious atmosphere, fresh, cool, and odorous, with the bloom-breath of tree and shrub. He stepped out of bed and looked forth. For a mile ran the great fields of cotton and corn, with here and there a cabin and its curl of smoke. A flock of pigeons were walking about the barn doora, and a number of goats waited at the side gate, which led into a broad backyard. In the distance he could see negroes in the field, hear their songs and the "clank" of a little grist-mill in the valley. But sweeping all other sounds from mind, ho hoard also another musical voice calling "Chick! chick! chickee! chickee!" and caught a glimpse of fowls hurrying from every direction towards the backyard. He plunged his head into a basin ot cool water, and presently he was dressed. The front door was open, as it had remained all night, the chairs on the porch, with here and there books and papers, when Edward Morgan walked out. The yard was spacious and full of plants. Ho noticed, in that easy way peculiar to artists, borders of pinks and dusty-miller, a boxwood hedge, roses of many hues, transplanted wlid flowers, old-maids, honeysuckles, and a wil derness of morning glories that reminded him of a famous drop curtain once seen in Paris. Sun flowers and poke-berries were growing along the front fence, and mocking birds, cardinals, and jays, their animosities suspended, were break fasting side by side. His walk carried him to the side of the house, and, looking across the low picket fence, he saw Mary. Her sleeves were roiled up above the elbows, .and her arms covered with dough from a great pan' into which, from time to time, she thrust a hand. A multitude of ducks, chickens, abd turkeys, and guineas scram bled about her and a dozen white pigeons strug gled for standing-room upon her shoulders. "May I come in?" he called. "If you can stand it, Mr. Morgan." There was not the slightest embarrassment; the brown eyeB were frank and encouraging; he placed his hands upon the fence and leaped lightly over. , "What a family you have!" ho said. ¡^j_» She srallecl, turning her face to him aa sho scattered dough and gently pushed away the troublesome birds. "Many birds' mouths to fill; and they will have to lill some mouths, too, .one of these days, poor things." "Tbat is but fair." ."1 suppose so; but what a mission in life-just to fill somebody's mouth!" "The mission of many poor men and women I have seen," he said, gravely, "is merely to fill mouths. And sometimes they get so poor they can't do that." - "And sometimes chickens get the same way," she said, Bagely, at which both laughed outright. Her face resumed its placid expression almost instantly. ; "It must be sad to be very poor; how I wish they could arrange for all of the poor peo ple to come out here and find homes. There seems to be so much land wasted." "They would not stay long anywhere away from the city," he said; "but do you never sigh for city life?" "I prefer it," she replied simply; "but we can not afford lt. And there is no one to take care of this place. It is harder on Annie, brother's wife. She simply detests the country. When I gradu ated-^-" "You graduated!" he exclaimed, almost incre dulously. She looked at him surprised. "Yes; I am young-seventeen this month-hut that is not extraordinary. Mamma graduated at tho same age-sixteen-forty years ago." A servant approached, spoon in hand. "Want some more lard, missy." She took her bunch of keys, and selecting on© that looked like the bastlle memento at Mount Vernon, unlocked the smoke-house door and wait ed. "Half of that will do, Glncy," she said, never looking around as she talked with Morgan, and the woman returned half.' "Now," she continued, to him, "I must go seo about the milking." "I will go, too, if you do not object. This is all new and enjoyable." They came to where the women were at work. Morgan thought the animals had a grazed rather than a fed look, and that the yield was small. As -they stood looking on, a calf that had been gal loping about, with his tail arched, came up and stood by the girl's side, and let her rub its sen sitivo. ears. A little kid approached, too, and bleated. "Aunt Mollie," Mary asked, "has its mother come up yet?" "No, ma'am. Spec' somep'n done cotch her." "See if he will drink some cow's milk-give me the cup." She offered him a little, and the hungry animal drank eagerly. "Let him stay in the yard until he gets large enough to feed him self." Then turning to Morgan, laughing, she said: "I expect you are hungry, too. I wonder why papa does not come." "Is he up?" "Oh, yes. He goes about early in the morn ing. There he comes now!" The soldierly form of the old man was seen out among the pines. "Bring in breakfast, Gincy," she called, and presently several negroes sped across the yard, carrying smoking dishes into the cool basement dining-room. Then the bell rang. At the top of the stairway Morgan had an op portunity to better see his hostess. The lady Avar, slender, and moved with deliberation. Her grey hair was brushed down over her temples, and her faded face was brightened by eyes that seemed to swim with light and sympathy. The drees was a black silk, old in fashion and texture, hut there was real lace at the throat and wrists, and a little lace headdress. She smiled upon the young man, and gave him her plump hand as he offered to assist her. "1 hope you slept well," she said; "no ghosts! That part of! the house you were in is said to be a hundred years old, and must be full of memo ries." They stood for. grace, and then Mary took her place behind the coffee-pot and served the de licious beverage in thin cups of china. The meal consisted of broiled chicken, hot, light biscuits, bread of cornmeal, and eggs that Morgan thought delicious, corn cakes, bacon, and fine butter. A little darky behind an enormous apron, but bare footed, stood by the coffee-pot, and with a great brush of the gorgeous peacock feathers kept the few flies off the tiny castor in the middle of tho table; while his eyes followed the conversation around. Neither Norton nor his wife appeared, but presently there was a clatter on the stairs, and the little boy came down and climbed , into his high chair. He was barefooted, and evident ly ready for breakfast, as he took a biscuit and bil lt. The colonel looked severely at him. "Put your biscuit down," he said, quietly but sternly, "and wait outside now until the others are through. You came in after grace, and you have not said good morning." The boy's coun tenance clouded, and he began to pick at his knife handle; the grandmother said, gently "He'll not do it, again, grandpa; and he is hun gry, I know. Let him off this time." Grandpa assumed a very severe expression as he replied, promptly "Very well, madam; let him say grace and stay, under those circumstances." The company wait ed on him; he hesitated, swelled up as if about to cry. and said, earnestly: "Gimme somep'n to eat, for the Lord's sake, amen." Grandma smiled be nignly, but Mary and grandpa were convulsed. Then other footfalls were heard on the stairs out side, as if someone were coming down by placing the same foot in front each time. Presently in walked a blue-eyed, golden-haired, baré-footed girl of 3, who went Btraight to the colonel and held up her arms. He lifted her and pressed the little cheek to his. "Ah," he said, "here comes the Duchess." He gave her a plate next to his, and taking her fork she ate demurely, from time to time watching Morgan. "Papa ain't up yet," volunteered the boy. "He told mamma to throw his clothes in the creek as ho wouldn't have any moro use for them-ain't going to got up any more." . "Mamma, does your eye hurt you?" said Mary, seeing the white hand for the second timo raised to her face. "A little. The same old pain." "Mamma," she explained to Morgan, "has lost ono eye by neuralgia. She Btill suffers dreadfully at times from the same trouble." Presently the elder lady excused herself, the daughter watching her anxiously as she slowly disappeared. , , , (To be continued.) ; 