JOHN |!Of\TOM| WA^D, BY OROSVENOR BUNSTER, tVllUUkV ttf Mfc^U Poltoiii Tho IIovM'h AVI To, lliMinlono'a Its vauve, TiiIoh ufCi'liiieti mill Trhiln. elc. tic. CHAPTER VII (Continued,) On this evening however she ap peared determined to look her best, I mve said that she was very beautiful, iiul those with whom she now lived owned rcauny cnotign — since mere was no disputing the fact— that there were ' few yotniR ladies in society who could - eclipse her. But beauty of itself is not C'verjlhini;. It is often marred and ' rendered vulgar by those who own it ' Indeed this is generally the case. : Women rarely learn how to dreis well ' unlil they have passed their spring. Oliva however possessed the good Inste in these matters, which is indeed inborn in her countrywomen; She knew Ihe effect of a judicious mixture of c (.lours, and could produce a happier result by the use of a bow of ribbon, or a spray of flowers, than any to be achieved by art of dressmaker or milliner. -??*».«-.-?? ?'- 'Tonight,1 as she looked into her mirror, a smile of gratified pride crossed her lace, ' ihey shall see,' she muttered, ' wliclher we are tho barbarian! they would have us.' ?— Then she descended to the room in which Mis Hortonund hcrdatighters were ,-nv.iUins her. Carlolta, looking ?ivcr ihc banisters as her young mistress crossed Ihe hall, uttered an exclama lien ofdcli;;ht. ? M the girl entered the room the adics could not forbear an utterance ol itirpiise. On Edith's part it was also me of delight, and coming lorward, ihe nfTcclionalely congratulated Olive upon her appearance. 'You look charming, dear,' ihe v'tisi-crcd. 1 You have excellent tailc, Miss Wrncrs,' cried Mrs Horton, Miss Horton said nothing, but she could not conceal the annoyance which \v.i5 reflected in her face, and which, of itself, was perhaps the best tribute to ihe girl's loveliness which could have hecn paid. _„. - -. The theatre that evening wascrowded. I think Ihe opera of Sonambula was leprescnled, Madame Kicott and Mr Hq'iitts being the chief performers. Tucy who remember those days will easily imdeisland me when I say the dress-circle was filled with beautiful women, and that out of Europe no finer sight could have been seen than was that ni^ht represented. It was a bespeak nirfht, and society was pre sent. Society in those dayi meant something different to what it signifies now, There was then some little limit to thu pretcnlions of democracy, but now there is no surprise if you elbow your tailor or barber at a ball or dinner party. I'or my part, I liked the old fashion best. The cni ranee ol the Hortons— who were ol ihe best set — attracted the at lention -if those already assembled. Miss Morion, who was a belle, naturally inspired lite attention which society ;..:. ord to beauty. Hut, to-night, there was not a little curiosity' exhibited in the well-bred murmur nndslirwhichthe nitraiice of the party usually excited. Humour had been bujy as to the ii,tci.;ii beauty who was living with the Iliutotn, and as usual rumour had wi v.-n a hundred and one romantic and itnpmible stories to account for her viiit. A muttering of surprised admiration i.in through Ihe circle as the young girl's 'ovi.'liiicss burst tipt.n those present. I tin net »urc that Olive was unconscious fthii tribute to her attractions, but I know that her cheeks became suffused .)? bliuhina and her soft dark eyes .liihi'd with pleasure. It was very /u.vnnt to act Olive blush. Her clear Drown Mn was so transparent that the lidi blood (slowed through it just as a jjl.jticjtisnlanceof the sun lights up the western sky. We have all noticed how ihe audience upon these occasions, froni pit to gallery, concentrates it« at tention, while waiting for the rising ol Ihc cuttain, upon its fashionable element. The f,Mexy boy takes as evident ii.tercst in the arrival of the , 'swells' ? their looks, raiment, and behaviour — as the more refined occu p.tnt ol the stalls, who turns his eye! ,-»i,i rvi-iv in cttv woman in turn. Il is i, jt wonderful, therclorc, that Olive —whose appearance, upart from her natural beauty, was relished with the -ippetitc of curiosity — became the oh) ct of j;encral attention. AH this added fuel to the fire of dislike which ii.imaled Mrs Ilorton and her elder laughter. Nor was it acceptable to Kdith, who foresaw danger in the ?dulation with which, it was evident, Olive was regarded. Now it so happened that upon this particular occasion Mr Sparkle had treated himself to a stall ticket. Mr Sparkle was a gentleman of lastc. He liked everything of the best. The sixpenny restaurants which have cropped up since his timo would have raised hli girge, I have known him, indeed, starve on balf-acrown, pre ferring to wait until he had saved a crown that he might dlno royally at Spiers and Pond's cAfe. So with his other indulgences. He loved art, but could not understand its contemplation from the gallery any more than he could understand eating asparagus with an iron fork. Mr Sparkle then, was unong those who were attracted by the ?nttanco of the Hottons, 'Ihey had iccurcd a seat in the ftont row, and t Dlivc, by some accident, was placed t w Miss Ilorton's side. The contrast n their beauty was very miuked. Miss j Ilorton was a blonde, cold, passive, , md 'bloodless') Olive a brunette, - ind warm, passionate, and vivacious. | Miss Horton bad the worst of it. Mr ] Sparkle, who was one ol those extra- , ordinary persons whose memory | strengthens with time, looked at the girl with eager interest. He knew her | directly he cast eyes upon her. The | reader may infer that this memory arose , out of the occurrence which l'hilip Verncrs had related, and it was, there fore, no malter of surprise that Mr Sparkle, as he looked upon Olive, grew trave and somewhat pale. The realisa tion that the little girl In whose de struction he bad been a passive accom plice was now before him -a beautiful woman— was of itself sufficient to in spire him with confused, yet suggestive thoughts. This was the girl it was pro posed he should marry. As he thought this, he experienced a thrill of pleasure to which hitherto he had been a stranper. This was natural enough. A man looking upon Olive Verncrs as his future wile would, indeed, be of cold blood if his heart did not palpitate with happiness and his whole bcin^ rejoice in the anticipated possession of such a lovely creature. Have you seen the faint pink beauty of a spring sunset, and do you remember with what lingering pleasure you dwelt upon that picture? If you do, you have seen Olive Verners as Mr Sparkle did, It was good to watch the girl's face during the performance ol the opera. While controlled by natural good taste and breeding from giving evidence of her intense delight, she could not conceal, in the expression of her face, how entirely she was entranced by the performance. Mr Sparkle, who, as we have seen, had an interest in the matter, watched her closely. ' Kgad I' he muttered ; ' I don't say but that I'd take the girl without the money. She is a catch.' Then he noticed how several of the young eligibles of the time contrived to secure introductions to Olive. For the first time in his life Mr Sparkle experienced a faint sensation of jcalouiy. He chafed against the privileges which society conferred upon gentlemen who, to his practical mind, had no claim upon the consideration of a lady whom he already regarded as his future wife. He reflected. 1 Come 1' he considered, ' there can be no better opportunity than this offered now. If this young lady is to be the future Mrs Sparkle, the sooner she becomes acquainted with her huiband the better for all concerned.1 With this, Mr Sparkle devoted his attention to the stage, enjoying the performance in that philosophical spirit which enabled him to distract his attention as he chose in those directions which, for the time being, promised him most pleasure. The opera concluded, his thoughts reverted in the most natural manner to Miss Olive Verners. Elbowing his way out of the crowd, he took his place at the entrance to the theatre, and there awaited the exit of the party. The night was dark and gloomly. The great heat of the day hung oven the city in a stifling atmosphere that foretold of a storm, and dull leader clouds rolled sullenly athwart Ihe sky. As the crowd came forth from the theatre a sudden crash of thunder awoke the air, and quick flashes of lightning lit up the scene. The Hortons, who were among the first to leave Ihe theatre, quickly gained their carriage. Mr Sparkle, influenced by some undefined feeling, edged from the crowd, and coming close to the carriage- door, closed it upon I he party, The coachman drew out from the crowd and drove down the street. He had not reached the corner ere an awful craih of thunder was heard. ', Then came a sullen silence, presently broken by loud cries, as the horses ', attached to the Ilorton's carriage, | maddened with fear, dashed down the ctr«^. All tlili was observed by Mr Sparkle, to whom thunder and light ning were nothing, and, who. secretly hoping for »n opportunity to Introduce himself to Olive, had hung upon Ihc aklrti of the Hortons, Rushing along the street— he was lithe and active— he succeeded in heading the horses ere they had entirely mastered their driver, and at last, with the lattcr's aid, managed to subdue them. Then he opened the carriage-door, and handed the ladies out. Mrs Horton— albeit she showed little of it— was In a terrible fright. Olive, nlone of all the party, evinced no nervousness, Mr Sparkle noticed this with some interest. Being a person of a practical turn ol philosophy, he argued that a young lady who could so command hcrselfin the midst of danger was not of the nature to be easily controlled or persuaded. Mrs Horton, who could not be persuaded to re-enter her car riage, readily accepted the services of Mr Sparkle, who, procuring a cab, placed the ladies In it. As he did so, In a very gentlemanly manner, and as moreover, Miss Horton had remarked that his aooearance was not unattrac tive, thero can bo no stirpriso that Mm Ilorton, when parting with her ' preserver,' expressed her gratitude in terms which led the |;eiitkinan'a ac ceptance ol an invitation to wall upon the ladies at the Lodge. ?Me is evident'y a gentleman,1 ejaculated Miss lloiton, as she leant back In her scat. ' Indeed, he has quile a distinguished manner.1 1 Quite so,1 nsscntod her mother. ' I shall discharce John to-morrow,' John, who was tho coachman, was mis unreasonably held responsible for :ic mischief caused by the thunder ml lightning. What was Olive thinking of? Was t of the brilliant spectacle of which lie had so recently formed an Item ? ,r was it of that daik eager face which .ad caught her memory and troubled 1— as n dtcam ol an ill and long past natter of our lives sometimes comes to launt us? ' Carlotta,' said Olive that night, as icr maid brushed her long and uxuriant hair. ' I have seen a ghost if the past,1 Then she told the girl vhat had occurred, nnd spoke of the mprcssion which Mr Sparkle's ap icarance had made upon her memory 'Is it true?1 cried Carlotta. 'I, oo, have seem him. He Is often here, lie speaks to the major— domo I What . lo I say ? The old man, with the ihort breath. Concha ! Buffla I Yes, t knowi 