To THE EDITOR. SIR,-A. correspondent, J. E. Darado, a coloured man, has written to you, con- cerning our methods asa Christian power of dealing with the' uncivilised races of tbe world. - His contentions are by no means random ones, when they come to be inves- tigated. Next, " A Britisher " falls like a cyclone upon Darado, because the latter pre- dicts" that he can see that England will go too far. " A Britisher " gives the advice, " Never prophesy unless you know." Does *' A Britisher " believe that a prophet of modern times would stand the ghost of a chance in Christendom at the present day in-predicting future events for the welfare of the human race in order to ward off disasters ? Does " A Britisher " labour under the impression' that our so-called civilisation will pass muster as a model of "perfection? Perhaps "A Britisher" is a firm believer in the theory of the survival of the fittèst. It cannot bs denied that races and tribes have been vanishing under Christian civilisation. What cause has produced this effect? Does the bringing of death, -degradation and disease with other agencies mean the leading of the dark people to better things ? If so, that might account for the ills and wars which now afflict various portions ' of the earth. Is it just because we are ever just and humane and reasonable that we beat every other nation . as colonisers ? Will Mr. Darado try to run counter to facts ? Of course not, neither will the Almighty dare to impugn upon our sacred right to " Christianise ". the blacks in our. own peculiar way. Since the begiuning of the year India has b^een through famine, earthquakes, plagues and war, while we have been rejoicing, feasting and boasting about our everlasting glory and mightiness. Shall we always retain the power to ward off disasters ? " A Britisher " might study the events of the past tc see if he cannot discover something that Causes the clash- ing at the present day. If we have not been disturbed from our sleepy attitude, it is no indication that we are wide awake. We have, achieved wonders in the way of progress without any doubt, but helpless people have suffered by that progress, as the coloured races appear to be doomed under the march of civilisation. It is evi- dent that the Supremo Euler of the uni- verse has given us a charter to ride over as much of the globe as we can, and in our own manner. If it is not so " A Britisher " must be prepared to look for heavy, weather at some future date. History proves that persecutions and blood-shedding will re- ceive a check some day.-Tours, etc., GOING UP A TBEE. Quindalup, September 28. 