THE GHOST OF THE i 'WICSTEKN BELLE.' I [Bt Cartx dAim,*] . I . I freely confess myself a boliovor in ghosts, ' foril've seen them. What sailor has not ? Who could sail tho seas for well nigh fifty years and. not witness some of tho strange occurrences which' ninety-nine sailors out of every hnndftd ] set down as supernatural without more ado. Yon see, (thore are tho occurrences. . They are' pf a natnro wholly different from a sailor's daily expnrionces. And they usually tnko placo nnder conditions wbich wonld Im lilrcK. to striko an_ educated landsman with awe, so '? it in no wonder that sailors havo a settled ! belief in haantoi) sblpi, und phantom skippers. ' I'vo boon on night watch oat there in tho South ' Pdoiflo when there's been nothing to do but look j 06 tho stars and wish for wind, tho hands | squatting under tho ship's sido fast oaloep for wont of something better to do in a dead calm. If you havo any partiality for ghosts, these are the conditions for conjnriog thorn up at plea sure. Often I'vo heard a sudden creep of tho wator trader the stern or at the bow ns a swell j hss lifted the ship, that yon oould have sworn I was tbe cry of someone in distress. Or maybo j ono of the bands from bolow, unablo ta sleep, h»s como softly on' deck to havo a turn io tho fresh . air. Ho hss come up beforo you as an apparition just j when your mind was on your wifo or sweethuart : ton thousand miles away, maybo. Thero arc ' plenty of ghosts of that kind at sea. But I'vo generally found this. That if a ship's ghost ! be run to berth or wherever you can fix it, you'll find flesh and blood pretty well alive at tho bottom of it. Tha best piece of ghost business I ever had to do with was when I was ' first ' on tho ' West- j on Bello.' Things had been bad in tho freight ! trade so they tent us ' tramping ' round about New Zealand, Australia, and the Cape The Bello was a handy littlo steamer of 1^800 tons and wos then nuder Albert Townshend, ono of tbo best captains I over sailed with. He had been dodging abont South Island and ran into Cbristchurch. Here, Townshend got the offer of abont half a cargo. for a quick run to Port land, Victoria, and took it as there was nothing nlse visible. Wo got tho cargo on board and started. Tbo Bellq had fair accommodation for pastongers, but as wo had only five in the saloon, a family of four and a single man who was crossing to a Victoria house, we had lots of room for ghosts both below and in tho c&bins.; Tho second night after leaving Christ churob. I was ' on duty through the . middle watoh. The soa was like a mirroc. The stars twinkled npon it as brightly a» in the Bky. I was leaning over tho rail at the starboard side wondering what our next luck would ba when I heard an unusual sound behind me. Turning quickly, I saw one of the watch staggering against the port side opposite where I stood, as if reeling from a heavy blow. ' What's up now ? ' I shouted, crossing over to where tho man stood supporting himself against the ship's side. I found it was ono of the men Darned Jack son, a simple follow thoy called ' Crank,' on account of his oddities. 'Hallo, Crank!' I Baid, 'What now ?' He pointed towards the stern, where wo had a rango of spare store-rooms on each side under a covered deck with a spare steering-wheel in the centre. I conldn't see tho man's face, but I could tell from bis movements that he was terrified. ' What's op, why don't you speak i' I said again, sharply. ' The— the— ship's haunted. Ther— there's a ghost — I seen it,' be stammered, pointing again to the. stern. ' What's tbe matter P Don't be a fool. What havo you seen ? ' I said poretnptorily, annoyed at the man for what I thought his stupidity. A' face — a girl's face — a pale face,' ho gnsped, moving a. little forward as if for protection. - ' Don't be a fool. Crank ! Como along and show mo where it is ?' I said, going aft. He slowly followed me. An oil lamp that wo always had alight at night to light tbe space about tbe spare wheel was burning dimly, I looked into tho gloom beyond it. There was nothing to bo seen and was not a sound except the hissing of the buflbles in oar wake as tbey rose from the propeller, ' . ' Wbat did you see ?' I said again to Crank as he stumbled up to me. ' A polo faoe-rit was there, abaft the wheel ; a girl's face with a shawl round it,'1) Vo said in a tone that left no doubt in my mind as to tha honesty of his declaration. ' Nonsense I You're dreaming man,' I said, lifting down thdlamp and castingits beams into the stern-way. 'No dreaming,' be answered, shaking his heud, 'I'll take my solum oath, it was a girl's face, pale, and with a sbawl round it.' ' ' Well, there's neither girl nor faco here now,' I said, ' is there ?' ' No, but I seeu it,' persisted Crank. ' Come along forward,' I said, ?' and don't scare the ship with that lubberly yarn.' It was just a quarter to four. I was taking a last tarn round tbe ship to see if all was right for the starboard watch which was coming on at four o'clock. I bad been forward and was coming aft along the port side. As I passed the galley I- heard tho sound of feet, and directly after three of tbo watch rumbled on top of mo. '* What's this ? ' I said, sharply, recovering my balanoo and planting my back against tbe side. The men had not teen me in the dark and had collided nith mo in their flight. They were breathless. ' Something's there aft, sir 1 ' laid one of them pointing astern. ' Where— what is it 1 ' I asked, alarmed at this second demonstration. ' A womau's head — a ghost,' answered the ' Aye 1 A girl's bend— a face white liko death,' chimed in another of tho men. ' Hero I Wo must put nn ond to this,' I said. ** Come along men. Show mo where you saw it,' I said, leading tbo way aft again. We proceeded to the npaco at tho end of the deck. The lamp was still burning. ?' Now, where did you set) it ? ' I asked, throwing tbe light into tho depth of tho covered space bvyond tbo wheel. ' There— there I ' replied two of them, pointing to a spot immediately abaft the wheel. ' Go aud get a fresh light, ' 1 said to ono of tbe men. We examined every nook and 4 rope, and round in the bend ot tho stern, but not as much as a rat was to be seon in form of a living thing except ourselves. Tho mau came hack with a newly-trimmed lamp. 44 Opon each of tboso doors,' I said, pointing to tbe store-rooms at tho port Bide. Tbo first door was unlocked and oponed read ily. I cast the bright light of tbe lamp around. Paint-drums and sparo lopos wero the only things visible. We passed to the next room, j This too, contained old ropes and deck-stores. The next room door was locked, so we crossed ? over to thn starboard side, where thero woro three more rooms corresponding to those wo had just left. Two of tbcso were lockod, eo wo passed them. The third wo found to contain old boxes and timber without a traco of aur living thing. Four bolU rang out. ' Come on,' I said to the man on I heard the bail from tho starboard watch. ' And ? don't you fellows go and mako fools of your- ' selves in tbo focas'l over this,' j ; Wo wont forwsrd and the starboard wato ,; oamobn..'' Captain ' TowonUend. was coming out of his room as I passed. - ' .,' Good morning, Mr. Brindley 1 Anything fresh ?' ho said. . 'fYcs, ghost:. reported on board,' I said, laughing. ????.? . , ? , ;..?,? 'Good heavens 1 What's up, Brindley f be asked, startled.- ? ' . . -?'? I told him tbo story, and of how we had ex amined aQ of the deck-rooms at tho stsrn we could get into, and had found nothing. I saw by toff' light o'fth'o lamp that his brows .'? wero knit, and a cloud had como over bis face. ; ' A bad. job. tbat. We'll! do mo more good . ' .? with the men if wo don't clear it up,' ho said as he left mo. and passed afb.' ? Nothing moro was seen of the ghost .thaft .': night. Tho story was known to every hsnd oa tbo ship before daybreak. It was pitiful to., seo tbo effect it bad on tbo men. Thoy went .? ' about ' their work with terror »n their fices, cringing at every sound. I had thought of having tho whole of tho deck-rooms rummaged during tho day, but the change that had coma over tbo men was so great that Captain Towns- ? bend ogreed with mo that it would be best not to go near them or name thorn unless something further wero seen. Tbe next night tho Captain asked me to keep a sharp look out for anything strange, nnd to call him immediately if anything happened ; while he was not about. The Belle was steered from tho bridge, bo that after tho passengers bad turned in thero was little occasion for tho mon to go aft whilu tho weather kept flue. Tho boatswain, the lamp-trimmer, aud ' myself wore ubout tbe only ones who troubled that part of the ship with their pres ence during the middle watch. . At half-past tbrce I thought I would take a qniet turn round tho deck, astern. Except for tbe throb of the cugines, tbo occasional scraps of tho shovels in the Oro-bolo,and the bissiog'of tbe bubbles in our wake, all was still. I walked noiselessly by tbe deck-houses, keeping as well in tbe shadow of them as I conld. By the end of thu captain's room I stopped an 2 looked. he lamp under the aftor-deck was burning and I could seo tbo dim outline of the spare wheel. I stood and watched intently. ' ' . I was about to resume my walk when a move ment of some object beyond the wheel rjvetted my attention. Slowly and noiselessly thero emerged out of the gloom a form at first indis- ? tinct but gradually assuming shape. In a moment it changed its position, and a face, pale in tho dim light of the oil lamp, was turned towards mo. I clutched at tbo frame of the deck-house,for my heart seemed to havo stopped beating. Tho figure was moving-obout tho stern beyond tho wheel. There was only a head andr shoulders visible, all but the faco beini; swathed in somo light-coloured, fabric, as Crank Jackson had affirmed tho previous night. The fncongain turned towards mo. I was ' confident it was that of a girl though what it ' meunt was a mystery. - ' ? Gently opouingtbo door of tho captain's room,, I aroused him and told him that I had -oen ths apparition. He rose immediately and came on- deck . The face and form had disappeared. 'There's something in it, Captain,' I said, as ' I saw his look of astonishment. ' Let us gaC | ? the keys of the rooms that are locked, and make ( ; a thorough examination at once. I bave an idea \ $ wo shall discover something worth finding.' 'i u Got them, and bring the purser along witb -f. you. It's mostly his stuff which, is in thosa rooms,' said Captain Townshend.' v( I found tho purser.and obtained tbokoys and i# a couple of good lights. We joined tho Captain, 5 and went quiotly aft. . t. We examined the three rooms oa the port f 'sideband then crossed to the end room on the starboard side. Wu found that tho door w-i - unlocked, but would not opon. Applying foui shoulders to it and giving a heavy push, it at lust yielded. I entered with a light, the Cap. {, tain and the purser following. p The room bad been used for the storage ol (,- our spare soils, and contained seven? sails and ' pieces of sail-cloth, some folded up and some ' thrown down loosely. There was no one bat ourselves visible iu it. I ' There's nothing here,' exclaimed to* .v purser, casting bis light around. ' |! ?We were about to leave and pass to the noil , room when Captain Townshend and I aimul- , taneously -observed a movement of' what seemed to be a roll of sailcloth projecting front -J beneath an unfolded sail. l% ' Whafs that ?' be exclaimed. ''' ' I crawled across tbe sails to whero the roll : lay and touched it. The feel was that of a, I human body. Throwing baok the loose sail, Ii i'' uucovertd wbat was beneath. There lay. the! form of a girl with a piece of sailcloth closelg \ wrapped around her. -' We lifted her up and took her outside. . Sbd J began to cry bitterly and besought ns to bave ( pity on her and not harm bor. Wo maniged Ui }? pacify her, and then, still sobbing, she told us her story. Sho had come out from England aa : a domestic servant and h»d not found life in - New Zealand what she had expected. Hoi; money was almost gone and she had neither friends nor prospects. Sauntering along tha quay sho had learned that the 'Western Belle1! was on tho point of sailing for Victoria. Sbd had gone on board and made some inquiries and had noticed that tho deck-rooms wero only part filled with stores, Sho bad gone ashura. agtvin and obtained a small stock of proviBionsM - and then returning and waiting her opportunity / she had boardod tbe steamer and stowed her. \ self away in the sail-room, ' intending to remain! X unobserved during tbo voyage. The closebesa ? ] of tho room, and tbo vibration of tho propellei; { { beneath ber, had brought. on sickness, and du- i ing the two nights on which her pale face was; 3 seen she had stolen quietly out to obtain a liltla \ fresh air. , I Our lady pasrenger took tho girl in charge, | and on reachiugPortland induced her to remain in her servico. fho captain was too gild at j having satisfactorily disposed of tbe ghost to be angry with tho stowaway. Had ho not J solved tho mystery, tho crow would hove de Bertcd to a man on touching port, for no sailor stays on a haunted ship if he knows it. , 