MISCELLANEOUS. The Princess of Wales completed lier 52iul year 011 Tuesday, December 1st. Princess Charles has been keeping her 27th birthday, and the Duchess of Teck her G3rd. The Empress Frederick in November completed her 56th year. The folio .ving incident is related by Croake James in his interesting book, '' The Curiosities of Law and Lawyers," in counoetion with an attempt to obtain a patron saint for lawyers. St. Evona, or Ives, of Brittany, a famous lawyer in 1300, was lamenting that bis profession had not a patron saint to look up to. Tho physicians had St. Luke; the cham pions had St. George; the artists each had one; but the lawyers had none. Thinking that the Pope ought to bestow a saint, he went to Home, and requested his Holiness to give the lawyers of Brit tany a patron. The Pope, rather puzzled, proposed to St. Evona that he should go round the Chnrch of St. John do Lutheran blindfold, and after ho had said so many Ave Marias, the first saint, be laid bold of should be his patron; and this solution of the diffiulty tho good old lawyer will ingly undertook. When he had finished his Ave Marias, he stopped short, aud laid his hands ou the first image ho came to, and cried ont with joy, " This is our saint—this bo our patron." But when the bandage was taken from his eyes, what was his astonishment to find that, though ho had stopped at St. Michael's altar, ho had all the while laid hold, not of St. Michael, but tho fignro under St. Michael's feet—the devil 1 This St. Evona, of Brittany, it is said iu Can's account of tlie Netherlands, 68-1, was so dejected at tho choice of a patron saint that in a few months he died, aud, com ing to heaven's gates, knocked hard, whereupon St. Peter asked who it was that knocked so boldly. He replied that he was St. Evona, the advocate. "Away, away," said St. Peter; " there is but ono advocate in heaven; there is no room for you lawyers." " Oh, but," said St. Evona, " I am that honest lawyer who never took fees on both sides, nor pleaded in a bad cause, nor did I ever set my neighbors together by the ears, nor lived by the sins of tho people." " Well, then," said St. Peter, " come iu." So in he went, and thereafter became the patron saint of the lawyers himself. A story in connection with a recent volunter encampment is told by- a Birm ingham paper. It is customary when tlie officer of tho day passes along the lines for the sentry outside the guard-tent to call out the guard to salute. An officer I was making an official round of the camp | when he came up to the guard sentry, who contented himself with saluting him. Tho officer stoodoghast with indignation I at tho sentry's seeming indifference. ; Finally letting loose his pent-up anger, 1 he exclaimed : " Don't you know your I duty, sir ? Why don't you call out tho i guard ? " The volunteer replied : j "Well, sir, I liuvou't got much to do i with it." " Not much to do with it ; What do you mean?" "Well, sir,' i replied the sentry, " you see. I'm a prisoner, and as the members of the guard wanted to have a game at nap they | i asked me if I would do sentry duty for I : an hour or two. The following incident happened in a police court not long ago :—A -witness for the defence had just been examined when the prosecuting police sergeant stood up to " crush him," commencing by asking him sternly, " "Why did you hide Sullivan in your houso on that Sunday night ?" The witness replied, " I did not see Sullivan at all on that night." " "Will you swear your wife did not hide him on that night ? " " Ye-e-.:." " "Will your wife swear that she did not hide the prisoner on tho night in ques tion ? " To this the witness replied very hesitatingly, " Well—I—don't—think— so." ' The sergeant, who thought that he had now got the -witness fairly cornered, exclaimed, " Ah ! and perhaps yon can tell the court how it is you can swear your wife did not hide him, while she cannot swear the same thing. Speak up now and toll the truth." This was said with a most knowing look, and a smile to the Judge, as much as to say " that dis poses of this witness ; " but, instead of being in the least embarrassed, the witness unhesitatingly replied, " Well, you see, I'm not a married man." The confusion and discomfiture of the sergeant was so great that it was with the utmost difficulty that he was able to proceed further with the case. After the lapso of 15 years, Cleopatra's Needle is again receiving a coating of a patent solution to fortify it against the London atmosphere. A well-known Judge, who once pre* sided over a criminal court" out West," was famous as one of tho most com passionate men who ever sat upon the bench. His softness of heart, howover, did not prevent him from doing his duty as a Judge. A man who had been con victed of stealing a small amount was brought into court for sentence. He looked vory sad and hopoless, and the court was moved by his contrite appeaj auco.- " Have you ever been sentenced to imprisonment ? " tho Judge asked. " Never, never! " exclaimed the prisoner, bursting into tears. " Don't cry, don't cry," said the Judge, consolingly; " you're going to be now ! " The annual sale of the immense assemblage of unolaimed property loft in railway carriages on the Great Northern line took place in Loudon. The articles included 2000 odd gloves, thousands of uubrellas, and a forest of walking-sticks. There is a " professional gentleman " in Portland who would make a successful horse swapper. Having a farm to sell recently, this descendant of the Pilgrims advertised it, and soon afterward a gentleman called on him to speak about it. " Well, judge," said ho, " I have been over that farm you advertised and find it all right, except the lino stream of watervou mentioned." " It runs through the piece of woods in the lowest part of the meadow," said tho judge. " What, that little brook ? Why, it doesn't hold much more than a spoonful. I am sure if you would empty a bowl of water into it it would overflow. Tou don't call that a :fine stream, do you ? " " Well, if it were much finer you couldn't see it at all," said the judge blandly. A baker, when a youth, married a girl at .Folkestone, and, having no homo, they never lived together. Two years after they casually met at Eastbourne. Subsequently bo married again, believing be could legally do so, as the first mar riage bad never been consummated. He has just-been tried at the Kent assizes for bigamy and sentenced to a fortnight's imprisonment. A sontb side architect lias a small son who is very bright. The youugster's latest fad is punching colored paper with the fancy shape steel punches conductors use. The architect bad just finished a series of blue paper drawings which represented many days labor, and the next morning went cheerfully to get them from his study. Ho never got farther than the door, for 011 the floor sat his son ana heir in a floating sea of blue paper stars, crosses, and crescents. " Ain't they pretty ? " calmly remarked the infant. " Ise just finishing the last sheet. Want some more." He did not get more. He received something else. Mrs Cbaffio : " I'm afraid there's something the matter with Johnnie." Mr Cbaffio: " Wtmt makes you think so?" Mrs Chafiie: "He sits in a corner all day, and doesn't say anything to any body, Either he is going to he a great poet or he is going to have the measles. I can't decide which it is." A minister, missing one of his congre gation from church, called on him "one (lay to see what was the matter. " Well, Mr M'Nab, I was wondering what was tho matter that you were not at church these few Sundays hack." " Oh, I have been at Mr Dunlop's kirk." Minister : " Oh ! I don't care for my congregation going to other churches. How would you like your sheep to go iuto strange pastures ? " Mr M'Nab : " Oh, I wadna caro a grain, if they got better grass." Mother: "You say your husband no longer spends his evenings at the club ?" Daughter: " I soon broke him of that." "How did you manage?" "Before going to bed I put two easy choirs close together by tho parlor fire, and then held a match to a cigar until the room got a faint odor of smoke." A San Francisco inventor is reported to have constructed a successful airship, and has made trips at the rate of a mile a minute. It is built of metal, ana has cauvas wiugs. " Talking of ghosts," said the man in corduroy, " I had an experience once that nearly turned my hair grey. I arrived late at night in a little valley town out west where the only hotel was one of those amateur giincrack places with worsted mottoes on tho walls and plants in tho window. The landlord himself lighted me to my room and saw that I was made comfortable. I was dead tired and sleepy, and dropped off the moment my head touched the clean, lace- bordered pillows. I was awakened some time towards morning from a sound sleep very suddenly, by a strange grating noise, aud by the dim light I saw a man rise through the floor of the room. At first I thought ho had come to murder me, but the longer I looked the more certain I became that he was 110 mortal man. I lay shaking until daylight with my head buried in the bedclothes." " And then ? " " Then 1 saw my own clothes neatly surmounted byuiy hat disposed on theiramc of a dumb waiter where I had placed them when retiring. The landlord had hauled them down, brushed them carefully, and sent them up again, giving mo a fright that nearly turned my brain." Algernon (who has invited himself down for a day's shooting) : " Hullo, Tom, what are those tickets tied ou tho dogs' collars for ? " Keeper : " Well, sir, you see, tho squire remembers your last day's shootiu', and thought you had better lcuow tho vally of the dogs beforehand to save future unpleasant ness ! " 