Christmas Day in Ireland. THE OLD POLK AT HOME. A SKETCH'. THAT WILL AWAKEN OLD MEMORIES. ? ? Q. By- Father Bunbury. SPECIAL, FOR 'CATHOLIC PRESS.' For a real genuine Christmas Day — a day spent in the deepest devotion, the kindliest feeling, the liveliest mirth — a day on which all join to render 'glory to God,' and to spread around the blessings of 'peace on earth to men of good will,' there is no place like the Green Isle. . To make my readers understand what the feast is like in Ireland, I will take one of the more numiJie ciass oi iarmers, ana ten une story of a few days in his life. Just thirty years ago, there lived, by the banks of the far-famed river Lee, on whoso 'merry waters' the bells of Shandon so grandly sound, John .Delaney, who owned 15 acres of land, the rack-rent demanded for which, year in and year .out, racked his inmost soul. His very existenc© entailed a fierce and continual struggle against utter des titution, and it was only by incessant labour and superhuman exertion that he managed, as he said himself, to keep ' the roof over his head.' When a young man he married Mary O'Sullivan, a charming girl, bright, joyous, innocent, good and beautiful, who combined in hersolf all that poetB have sung or preachers have proclaimed about the loveliness and virtue of the 'daughters of Erin.' They had ten children, the youngest of whom'was, at tho time of which I write, two years of age, and the oldest twenty — a girl that inhoritod all her mother's form of body, mind and soul. Sharing her husband's hand and heart,. Mrs. Dolanoy also shared his troubles and distress, and wore it not for her unfailing fund of devotion, courage and sympathy ho would have early in their mar ried life been crushed with despair. In their darkest days, though sorrow might rend her. soul, there was a smile on her face and words of hopo on her lips. A true Irish wife and mother she was, whoso sublime deeds are not recorded in earthly monu ments, but havo, as was only fitting, been consigned to tho tablots of otornity by tho angels of Heaven. A week boforo Christmas Dolaney was to be evicted, if ho did not moot some arrears of rout he owed. His landlord, whom ho had never soon, lived in dissipation amidst tho fast and gay society of fashionable circles in Europe, and quaffed- his cham pagne, littlo heeding that tho bright foam on each glass ?was wrung out of the life's blood of the men, women and children whom ho called his ' tonants.' A typical Irish agent managed his estates — an agent, cold, callous and unrolonting — who regarded tonants as more ' rontpro ducing' maohinoB, who had noither sonsitivo approach him, and when one was admitted betimes to his awful prosonco to plead .for time and imploro moroy, tho out of a whip, and a volley of cursos were not un frequently the only response to his supplica tion. This amiable gontloman had scoured tho mandate of what was farcically called ' law' iu Ireland for Dolanoy's eviction, and pay or quit when ho couldn't do tho one, and when tho other nioant 'sentence of death,' was his sad alternative. ' If ho would havo only waited till after Christmas,' said Delanoy to his wife, as ho tried to suppress tho Intrning indignation within, 'I could somewhat ondure it. But to soo you and tho children thrown on tho roadside at this holy timo, oh ! it is awful — it is enough to drive mo mad.' His manly frame shook, and bho hot toars that swelled up in his oyos gave him no relief — for they wore 'toars suoh as angels weep,' they wore toars drawn from tho ossenco of his. soul. 'God is good,' rop'lied tho noble wife, tC and besides, John, oven if we had no homo or shelter at Christmas, wo would bo no worse than tho Infant Jesus and His blessed mother and Saint Joseph. Heaven will protect us and tho children, and somothing that wo are not di'oaming of may happon and who knows but that Tom may write and send us somothing ?' Tom was Mrs. .Delanoy 's brother, who had years ago hoard that in America there wore no landlords but 'bread and work for all,' and perennial sunshine, and who, like another Columbus, to tost tho truth of these fabulous rumoui'B, entered himself as a passenger as soon as he could get together suifloiont money to pay his fare by the first vessel sailing for Now York. Ho found more than 'oread and work,' for in a Bhorfc time he speculated on a small scale and Acquired a few hundred pounds, which tho imagination of his friends at home swellec into ever so many thousands. Mrs. Delaney was his favourite sister, and as his parents were dead, every year his Christmas letter to her contained Romething with in duly authorising her to make a considerable call — on one occasion even to the extent of ten pounds — on the funds of tho local Post Office. For years, however, he had not written, and in her heart Mary feared that he was either dead or had completely forgotten her. She would not for the world though admit her suspicions to her husband. 'Don't talk of the ungrateful wretch,' Delaney hotly interjected, ' he's as bad and as hard-hearted as that scoundrel of an agent. With his plenty of money why has he left us so long in misery ? He would see us by the roadside hungry, and wouldn't give us a shilling.' ''You judge him too harshly, John,' the poor wife pleaded. ' You know he was the best brother! that over lived, and then look at all. the money he sent us ! Surely we would have been evicted long ago only for his help.' ' I wish to God we had been,' he despair ingly answered, ' and then in some other country we might now be better off. For what' have we struggled all the long years hero, excopt to beg our bread at last ? May the curse — ' 'For God's sake, John,' Mrs. Delaney exclaimed, ' curse no ono. Curses come homo, as you know, to roost, and let ws not along with tho vengeance of the agent bring down on us the vengeance of God. No'mattor what you think too, I havo hope that mattors will brighten for us. Wo will still trust in tho mercy of Heaven.' ' May heaven bless you, Mary,' was his only answer, 'for but for you I would have shot that agent or killed myself longagov' Dolanoy, more reconciled to the gloomy prospect of his affairs, wont to strive to in duce a more fortunate neighbour to buy from him a young heifer, a horse and some other things he had, before the bailiffs might seize upon thorn, and Mary proceeded to the village to procuro from a kind shopkeeper who had often befriended thorn in their dis tress some little toa and flour and necessary articles of food, in the hopo of paying him when botter days would come. She was successful, for none could refuse her any thing, and was preparing to return, when tho post-master beckoned to her from the post office window. Wondering what he wanted with her, she wont over. ' Mrs. Dolanoy, there is,' he said, and his words fell like sweetest music on her oars, '? a lottor from America here for you.' 'God bo praised and thanked, it's from Tom,' she oriod. , With trembling hands she tore it open, and the first thing that mot her gaze was an order for ;E50. Her joy was unbounded. She' could scarcoly boliove her senses. The postmaster reassured hor by , promptly taking tho order, and giving her in exchange 50 gold sovereigns. , Tom was well and moro prosperous than over. Ho explained the reason of his long ailonco. She wanted no explanation, she kiasod the letter. She road it over and over. Hor foolings wore too deep for words, but tho fast-falling torrent of bright tears of. joy oxprossod far moro eloquently than ovon sounding Ciceronian periods hor grati tude to hor broth or, and to tho Almighty to Whom she attributed hor brother's gonorous dood, With rapid step sho was soon hurry ing home to bo herself tho bearer of tho glad news. Delanoy who had boon unsuccessful in his mission, had arrived before hor and was the pioture of despondonoy and gloom. Whon ho saw his wife rush wildly in, ho thought sho had lost her senses. 'For Hoavon's sake, Mary, spoak' ho cried. ' What's the mattor ?*' ',' It's Tom ! it's Tom ! Ho has written and sent us fifty pounds ; hero's his lottor and hero's his fifty shining sovereigns,' and sho handed him both preoious treasures— tho letter now in her oyos being far tho moro prooious. 'Didn't I toll you this morning,' sho continued, 'that God wouldn't forsake us and wo so near Christ mas, and that everything would come all right?' Poor Delanoy didn't know what to say. Tho ohango was too sudden for his mind to aot. He could only keep ropoating that Tom was the best man that ever lived, and that ho had always said so, and that Mary was an angel, ana that there was no ono like her in all the world. In his delight, he could von spoak kindly of the agent, for the generous Irish peasant, in his hours of happi ness, can entertain no ill- feelings even to wards his most relentless enemy. The arrears of rent were soon paid, and a goodly sum yet remained in the long empty family treasury. Christmas Eve had come, and preparations on a grand scale were boing made by the Delaney's for the great feast. Boughs of holly with their bright red berries, were procured by the young girls, and entwined around the little windows of the home, and tastefully arranged over every shelf in the modest kitchen, that had been whitewashed, and scrubbed and brightened till everything in it and about it seemed as bright, and expressive of delight as their own bright, happy, innocent faces— pictures of health and joy. Delaney was busilyattend ing to outside matters — procuring an abun dant supply of turf, feed for the horse, and few cattle, foreven these couldn't be neglected at Christmas, and in every w&y; making himself generally useful. Mary, after break fast, had gone to the village to devote almost the entire day to shopping. The whole family had the most profound admiration for her tact in securing bargains, and in ob taining more for a shilling than any other woman in all the district around could pur chase for two or three. Towards evening it commenced to snow heavily. Nature wished, in the words of Milton, to assume a spotless garb of innocence in which to wel come the birth of the Eternal Word by Whom she was created. She wished — ' To hide her guilty front with innocent snow, And on her naked shame Pollute with sinful blame The saintly veil of maiden white to throw, Confounded that her Maker's eyes Should look so near upon her foul deformi ties.' A bright blazing turf fire, in agreeable contrast to the bitter cold without, burned in the Delaney home, and the family some what anxious, and fearful, owing to their mother's delay, were on tiptoe, expecting her return, knowing that such auspicious event would mean for them endless surprises and delights. Nor were they disappointed. In a short time sho made her appearance in hor venerable looking low-back car, in which she could scarce find sitting- room, so sur rounded was she by bags, paresis, and boxes concealing in the eyes of the family, who soon rushed round her, almost infinite possibilities of things wonderful and appe tising. All were now enthusiastically en gaged carrying everything inside— and as Mrs. Delaney unfolded her treasurers and revealed to the gaze of all the stupendous results of her day's enterprise, there wore loud exclamations of wonderful joy. First there was a large brown cake, almost two feet in diameter, a Xmns gift from the village grocer, which, on being cut, showed an astounding wealth of currants and other resources of the confectioner's art. The young children gazed on it with admiration, and wondered within themselves why Christmas could not be perennial, why life could not be one long Xmas feast! fill. ? ? ' ? T ? 5- 1 ? 1 j ? i ? ii n j.nero wore uews narps ana tin wnisties ior tho small boys, and dolls with cheeks painted a glowing red for tho little girls. Dresses, pinafores and hats rolled out too, as if coming from the store house of 'Santa Claus' himself. All was bustle, wonder, excitement and delight. There were still, however, moro marvellous things to come. For a final triumph, Mrs. Delanoy brought forth a great fat turkey, plucked and ready for cooking for tho Christmas dinner. It's sight lifted all of them to the regions of tho transcendental. Visions of bliss and future happiness floated before them, and in the joyous intoxication of the moment they forgot that there wore such cruel,' ghastly things as want, poverty, hunger and sorrow in life. There was no time or wish for philosophic speculation, however. Tho mother, and her grown-up daughters were soon busily engaged in baking and cooking for the morrow, and the young children 'improved the shining hour' by watching every opportunity to crib hanclfuls of soft sugar and dried raisins from tho bags on the kitchen table. Soon these were sent to bed to dream of cakes, puddings, roast turkey and other tempting articles of luxurious dietary in which they were to revel the following day. Tho pre parations complete, tho parents and elclor boys and girls followed them, hot without, however, having again and aAain assured ono another that ' God is good,' and that were they to live to bo the ago of Methusalah they oauld not sufficiently thank Him for His mercies and kindness. They were to rise early to assist at tho 6 o'clock Mass in tho village Church. The great clay had at last come. Four o'clock in tho morning saw tho entire family of tho Dolaney 's astir, joyously wishing one another a 'Happy Christmas.' Not to waste prooious timo the younger children set at once to afford valuable assistance towards tho demolition of tho great brown oake, and each with a huge slice in hand, was giving unmistakable proof of unvitiated tasto and of the appetite that was in them. The parents and the other children -were soon on the road, walking light-heai todly through tho snow to Christmas Mass. Full of vigor, health and happiness they felt not tho biting cold. As they proceeded they wore joined by groups of their neighbours on tho same mission bent, and cordial wore tho greetings exchanged, and loud and joyous -wore the poals of laughter that ever and anon broke the stillness of tho Christ mas morning, The' little church looked beautiful with the shining holly roflooting back the light of the many candles that blazed around the crib — but these lights were only feeble tokens of the light of intense faith and piety that burned within the hearts of the congregation of simple Irish Catholic peasants. The most gorgeous temple raised by human hands never held aught within it so precious in the sight of God and His angels, as did this little village church on that Christmas mora ine, for pure hearts were there filled with divine love, joining in the Adorable Mysteries. Having discharged this solemn duty, the Delaneys returned home, and the day was spent in feasting and innocent merriment. A few neighbours were invited to dinner to eat the roast turkey, and stories of days long gone were told, and numberless incidents were recorded of the great deeds of the heroes of the village, and of their lively sallies of wit, and harmless faibles of char acter. Past generations of the Delaney's and O'Sullivan's were recalled, and mado to live their lives once more. Ever, however, the conversation would be turned by ? Mrs. Delaney insensibly to Tom, far away in America, and she would inform those pre sent that she was quite sure he was thinking of them that very moment. So the hours sped away only too quickly. The children in the afternoon made the blood dance in their young veins, by joining in a game of snow-balling with their neighbour's chil dren. When it became dark, they sought the bright influences of the blazing fire within, and listened now with delight and now with dread to the fairy tales and ghost stories that vcro being told by old Dick Murphy, who had come over to spend Christmas night with his friend John Delaney, and whose fame as a fiddler and story-teller had extended itself over the entire county. Delanoy and Dick added wings to their fancy and expanded, if possible, even still more their innate good ness of heart, by the potent influence of a steaming jug of whiskey punch. They were at peace with Heaven, with themselves and with all the world, and so was every member of the family on that bright, happy Christ mas Day. A happy Christmas Day like that spent by the Delaney's is a gift with which God annually enriches the poverty stricken homes of many an Irish peasant. Many people of boundless wealth and with all the resources of luxury and refinement lived on that Christmas Day of which .1 write, but none was so intensely happy as were John Delaney and his family. It is the practice of the. multitude to bark at eminent men, as little dogs do at strangers. The world is but a fleeting show ; Our parts — we take them as they come. And some as stars will gaily glow, And some obscurely beat the drum. We find, on examination, that in the mixed, good and evil of human nature, the good so far abounds that wo are not in the habit of noticing it, while the evil strikes us precisely on account of its being the ex ception. In troubled water you can scarce see your face, or see it very littlo, till the water be quiet and stands still : so in troubled times you can see little truth ; when times are quiet and settled, then truth appears. 