A Very Dpifflkei Ghost \ (By Ernest Favenc.) .\ -fe&^ HAD not heard: of or from s Ha!? my old friend Jim. for * ' IIP - ma& iban a y6413*' t**611.' ?Ml- ,?, ifsw to my great' surprise, I J&kZ;$s^-'S - ms got a letter from him to & &2kL&WAJ; Married to the little girl (»,?**/ ,m' /Usa he had met when he was Jk£i*? Mt *^£ coach-driving. Her hue band had drunk himself into his grave, and Jim, following his fate, had es poused the widow. He wrote and asked me to visit Mm, if ever I was up in Uiot district, and in course of time I did. I found Jim much more comfortable than the gen enaJitjr of Australian email formers. As a rule, they are a class whose principal virtue is a capacity for herd, continuous work, but in other respects they have not the faintest notions of decency with regard to every--3ay life. The better off they are the more they delight in living roughly and coarsely. A shilling spent on comforts is regarded as wicked -waste by the' generality of ' them. Jim, however, Tiarl knocked about a good deal, 'nil thought differ ently, and little Mrs. Parks agreed with him. He Ihad a comfortable house, and he lived in it; didn't pig in the kitchen, as most of his neighbors did. Jim was uniedgnedly glad to see me; eaid he hadn't enjoyed an edifying conversation for months, and implored me to stop a week, at least. 'I'm in trouble, old man,' be eaid, the second clay of my visit. 'Why, you and the wife are as jolly as sandboys; you don't look it anyhow.' 'Ah, that's on the surface; I'm wasting away with iwurry.' 'Well, out with it, I 'know that it will do you good to tell it.' ' , 'Yes, I want your advice. Fact is, I am haunted, and I don't know how to act; I, of all men in the world. Haunted by the ghost of that drunken galoot who first married my Tilly.' 'That's very awkward,' I remarked. 'It is so. particularly when he is such a low down, sneaking kind of ghost. You know I told you, how I pitched him into a creek once? Well, he makes out that that was primarily the cause of !has death, which it wasn't; he drank himself to death. However, he holds that I am his mur derer, and that he Th»« a right to haunt me, and intends doing so. Now it's worrying Tilly. She .put up witii enough from him during his life, with out havng to be tormented now he's dead. I'm going to stop it somehow.' 'How does he appear?' I asked. 'In all -5orts of ways. Sometimes by knocking where you don't expsct it; sometimes you'll feel something veiy cold and wet touch you — that's to remind me cf the creek business; and sometimes ihe'll begin cursing and ewearing like he used to when he was drunk.' 'Why don't you try your old game of ridiculing form, if' he won't listen to reason. I suppose he's got a down on you for marrying his widow?' 'That's just it. Now while you're here I intend to proceed to extreme measures. You will give Tilly more confidence, for it's made her nervous. He hasn't shown up since you've been here. I suppose he's taking your measure before he plays up.' Jim and I then constructed a plot which was to be carried out immediately the ghost put in an ap pearance. We had not long to' wait. That evening at tea there came a thundering rap in the middle of the table, that jarred everything standing on it. Mrs. Parks turned pale, qn-1 Jim looked at me signi ficantly. 'I thought table-rapping had gone out,' I re marked. 'I underetood that the respectable ghosts boycotted all the low brutes who went in for that eort of thing.' 'There are some ghosts too mean for anything,' returned Jim. Here there were three or four angry raps on the table. 'Go it, old man,' said Jim, 'break the crockery, ft'a what you used to do when you were alive, and very drunk.' 'Don't irritate him, Jim,' said Mrs. Parks, as several sounding thumps came on the table. 'Is it a Chinaman's ghftst?' I asked. **Yes; it must be, for he's riot game to show him eelf.' 'I am,' said a voice. 'No, don't on any account,' said Mrs. Parks. 'Jim,' I eaid, 'surely he will not have the bad taste to ehow himself when Mrs. Parks is present; let him fix a time with ua to argue the question, end show him the error -of his ways.' 'Yes, but he's such a sneaking brute, he won't.' I gave a start and a jump at that moment, for Bomething cold and wet touched my hand, but it was only the nose of Jim's dog who eeemed interested in the conversation. 'Will you materialise, and meet me to-night? I think I can show you reason in the matter.' 'Very well, I'll see you at 12.' Jim and I had agreed that he should not appear personally in the matter, for his temper was na tnrally ruffled at his wife's late husband insisting on TTwiiri-ng things so disagreeable. ? Twelve o'clock found me awaiting the ghost armed with a bottle of whisky. He was a long shambling, unhealthy looking fellow, not at all up 10 the mark as a ghost, but perhaps his death and burial had not* im proved his appearance. I inquired if it would incom mode him to take a seat. He replied 'no,' and sitting down, cast a greedy eye at the whisky. 'Perhaps in. your materialised form you can par take of some refreshment?' I said. 'You bet,' he replied, and helped himself to about half a tumbler, which he tossed off without more than an apology for water. 'Now, what's your little game?' I asked. _ 'Simply to annoy Jim Parks. 'I'll make his life 'STSurden to him.' 'And you won't do yourself any good.' 'Won't I?' he eadd, reaching out for the whisky bottle again. 'I'll have the pleasure of tormenting iim.' 'Well, you are a contemptible kind of ghoat,' I said: 'I always thought ghosts were of a better disposition.' 'Disposition! I'll disposition Mr. Jim Parks; he'll ehuck me into a waterhole, will he? And marry my wife? Here, what yer hugging that whisky bottle for? Pass it over here.' -It was -evidently taking effect upon him, and in a short time he began to talk incoherently, addressing some invisible peiBtm in the room, who was .seem ingly striving to get him to come away. After a few more naps he became unconscious, and went to sleep, breathing stertorously. . Jim came in, and we both regarded the 6Ottish ghost.' 'He'll be precious bad when he wakes; let's brand him.' He took tie cork of the whisky bottle, burnt it in the candle, and blackened the ghost's fece with it. 'I reckon I'll get rid of him for the price of a case of 'whisky,' he £aid. It was a shattered ghost that appeared the next Bight. 'Give me a drink,' he prayed. 'I don't see why I should,' I replied. 'Jim'a scarcely likely to keep you in free drinks when you're doing all you can to make his life miserable. However, here's a glass of water for you.' 'Water!' he exclaimed, with ecorn ; I want whisky. I nearly overslept myself; only just woke up in time to dematerianse before daylight, and . haven't I. been getting slops ever since. They say I have utterly disgraced the profession coming back with my face blackened. ' That was a shabby trick to play on a poor ghost — an orphan, in a strange land.' 'Good enough for you. 'What do you mean by coming here at all?' 'Don't talk; give me a nip. A recovery is bad enough when you are alive, but it's ten times worse .when you are dead.' 'H I give you a good stiff nip will you consent to discuss this question, from both points of view.' 'O glory! yes.' I gave Trim a stiffener, and sighed deeply, and re mained quiet until it worked a little. 'What do. you want me to do?' 'Stop coming here.' 'I won't.' As he sail, it he gave a howl, and Jumped in his chair. 'WJiat did you do that for?' he cried. v 'What's the matter,'- I asked, 'somebody from your eide of the world 'trying to teach, you good manners?' He grabbed the whiaky botUe, ana tossed off half a tumbler. 'There,' he said, defiantly, addressing the un seen person. 'I defy you. Just you hit me again.' The next instant he received a blow in the face that knocked 'him .back Into his chair, where he sat gaping with his mouth ?open. 'I say, that's not flair,' he gasped. 'Well, jEome down to conditions,' I (eaid, 'your friend evidently does not approve of your conduct.' 'Wham you do1?' he muttered. *Tou tan have a right, royal spree, to last all tire Test of the time you ere in eternity if you promise to leave off this foolery.' He -spoke in some unknown tongue, and apparently got an answer, for he said, 'Tve got to or else I'll be degraded to the seventeenth circle, whence I can't «ome back to earth.' ' 'Jolly good job,' I said, 'but how do I know that you .will keep your- word?' . 'I will answer for him,' said a. clear voice, full of authority . and dignity. I had now got so accustomed to mixing with .spirits that I did not even start at 'hearing this. I bowed towards the direction the voice came from, and expressed my sense of the honor done by has using Me influence. ^ 'He will have a week's leave, and I trust to your * honor not to let him esgMse himself to strangere, nor, . play practical tfokes on him when lie te unconscious. You hear,' he *weni on in a voice of great severity, 'mind you obey, or the seventeenth circle for 600 yeans.'.' .-.',. - . - ?'..-' The voice ceased, and the wretched spectre re marked, 'He's gone,' and. stretched out ^ff 'ha-nti to the bottie. , ; I toJd Jim of my success, and the next morning Mrs. Parks went off on a visit to a friend. Whet a time, that ghost gave us; he used to stop all day, for he was so drunk that he could not de materialise himself, and used to make frantic efforts, and fail. He'd vanish as far as his waist, and .then his power would fail, and we'd look in to see the upper half of a man's body, holding on to his glass, and singing, or trying to eing, uproarious songs. He got Jim an awful, bad name, for, . as Ms presence was kept secret, people put down all the racket either to Jim -or me. . Never was there such. a drunken ghost since' ' the beginning of time. He used to knock himself about fearfully, and was bruised all over. At last, delirium tremens got hold of him, and he used to talk about things that it was not nice to hear. He . was so bad that his shaking hand could not hold the glass to his lips, and we were able to control his potations, so that by the end of the' week he was ehaky and com paratively sober. We were afraid that he .-would not be able to disappear, but the unseen presence came, and gave him a hand, I think, and he fafliyi gradually upwards, his eyes disappearing last, and they were fixed on one nip left hi -tfie bottle. I think he regretted losing that nip more than any thing. Jim harnessed up, and went over to fetch his wife back, and I left Jim in a few days, relieved and happy. Some time after that I saw an account of mys terious proceedings in Sydney. A tali, shambling Tnq-n had 'made himself notorious by appearing in hotel bars, demanding a drink, and immediately he had swallowed it, disappearing, naturally without paying. His movements created1 the utmost alarm, but all efforts to ''secure him failed. At last he must have made too many calls, for he fell asleep in one place, and was secured by two trembling policemen, who, however, managed to convey him to the lock up. Needless to say, when they went for him he was gone. He has not appeared since, so I suppose he has been banished to the seventeenth circle. 