/ Sensations of Drowning. 'Drowning is a pleasant death,' is a remark constantly made by those .who never gulped down salt- water into .' the delicate tissues of their lungs. ... As a lad I was bathing in rough weather on the .beach, of a watering-place iu Noi'thern France, Swept out- to sea, I struggled, sank, became insensible, nnd was saved by the courage and skill of a gallant Frenchman, who wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testament as a memorial of tlie rescue. This was all. Tho circumstances were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest which arise principally from the fact that I remember all that hap pened during a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almost, immediately I entered the water the much-resounding roar of the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful— full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fancy, I instinctively but. foolishly fought my way seawards, and, was promptly out of my depth ; not because I intended to run any risk, for I could not swim, but because the strong current had scooped out. a hollow in the sandy bottom, which had six feet of water on the too of it. ? Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when the water closed over my head for the first- time cannot be described. It was the bitterest point, of the struggle. Cruel and omnipotent force, without warning or reason, sur rounded me, and my frantic and deter mined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion to cease, holding my breath and .to inhale once more. 1 felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black water, that if once I succumbed to the temptation t'o expel my breath, which almost burst the ribs- in my angry efforts to retain it; tlio end would come; that I should 'be'cohipelled to breath inwards while covered with the pressing salt water. At. this time I must, have given way, and the dreaded stream of air bubbles rose to the surface.- A few weeks before I had watched the drown of a cat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle current, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up ,the ghost. This scene came vividly before 'and was half amused to. think that my case was the case of the cat. .There was no fe.ir ; the actual circumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and' the inability of my efforts suddenly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs were all one cold pain. Just then I touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle, for air. All I wanted was to end the pain. No thought- of death, except as an interesting and immaterial factor in the situation, came over me. It is true that- 1 remem bered that I should be missed when dinner- time came and I was . found missing and thinking of the home people, I thought, of a blue tie I had . left 011 a chest of drawers in my bedroom, which I' had intended . to put on. Then, sud denly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, aiid was conscious, of, relaxing . effort, and sinking out of conscious state to one in which one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were. From this I awoke 111 great pain 111 the ; centre of a crowd on tho beach, whither my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of indefinite and unreasoning shame ; but the nausea caused by swallowing so much salt water quickly brought me back to earth again. — ' Gassell's Family Magazine.' 