WIT AND HUMOUR. Maud: "Vhat do you consider man's greatest fault?" Edith: "His scarcity." She: "Oh, Jack, here's a pearl in this oyster." He (excitedly): "Ethel, may may I have it set in an engagement ring? Mixed IMetaphors.--She: "Vhen you married me you said you were well off." He: "I was, but I didn't know it." "Until ten years ago Oi had been In one hoonderd foights, and was never licked wance." "An' after that?" "After that Oi married." "IHow dare you, sir!" she exclaimed, after the deed was done. "You must not mind me," he replied. "I am a chronic osculatory kleptomaniac.' I am placed betwen two issues, And I don't know which 1 like. If I go down to the seashe re I shall have to pawn my bike. Funeral Director (to gentleman enter ing the door): "Are you one of the mourners, sir?" Gentleman: "Yes. He owed me five hundred pounds." He: "You mustn't believe everything you hear about me." She: "Of course not. I never hear anything about you but what you tell me yourself." Hle shyly pressed her little hand, And said, "I love thee, dear, alone;" She smiled and said, "I understand I'll soon escape my chaperon." "And, do you know, my husband never even thinks of so much as going for a scuttle of coal without first kissing me!" Old Mrs Hornbeak: "In about two years, my dear, you may consider yourself lucky if he gets the coal." A BACKSET. "I hear that Flunkey has had a re lapse." "Yes, the doctor sent in his bill just a trifle too soon." IIOPE FOR HIM. Noodad : They say the boy looks just like me. Windsor: I wouldn't worry about that. They say that the worse a baby looks, the handsomer it will be when grown. The Fit.-Customer : You guaranteed a tfit, didn't you? Tailor : I did. Cus tomer .: Well, the only fit about these clothes was the one my wife had when she saw 'em. Only Eleven.-After a christening at a church the other day, while the minister was making out the certificate, he hap pened to say, "Let me see, this is the thirtieth." "Thirtieth!" exclaimed the indignant mother. "Ineed, it is only the eleventh." -The minister was allud ing to the day of the month. None to be Had.-A bishop of a nor thern diocese wrote to a publisher in New York for a book called "New and Contrite Hearts." In : S.hort time he received a postal from the publisher, saying : "We have no "'New and Con trite Hearts,' neither are there any to be found-in New York." 'The northern prelate, it is said, enjoyed sending the postal to the Bishop of New York, call ing his attention to the state of his dio cese. A farmer was in the habit of selling his butter to an old woman who kept the village shop, and who supplied him with candles. He thought, however, that for s.everal weeks "his candles had been short in weight, and he:told the old wo maes of it. "Mebbe they are, lad mebbe they're not," the Shopkeeper re plied. "Anyhow, I allus use a pound of your butter as a weight when I puts 'em up." The farmer at once concluded that the weight was satisfactory. A.New York artist received a circular from-a dried fruit firm, inviting him to jom' in a competition for a poster. Only one prize was to be given, and the un successful drawings were to become the property of the firm. He replied as follows:-"Gentlemen,--I am offering a prize of 50 cents for the best specimens of dried fruit, and-should be glad to have yowt-tke part in' the competition. Twelve dosen'boxes of each kind of fruit should be sent for examination,-and all fruit that is.not adjudged worthy of the prize will remain the property of the under signed. It is also required that the ex press charges on the fruit-so forwarded be pAid by the sender." ?this letter ended the correspondence. At a-gathering in New Haven, Dr. Watson-Ian Maelaren-told a story about his trip to the Holy Land, to which he ba'd been looking forward for a num ber ef years with pleasurable anticipa tion. As he was nearing t-he centre of historic 'Palestine, he met an American, who -a.s:making anlltbaste to get away., After such greetings as. two English speaking men meeting in a foreign coun try alight exchance, the American asked Dr. Watson-where he was going. " To Terusalem," was ,the' reply. "Jerusn lem ?" exclaimed the Amerlcan, in tones of unfeigned "disgust. "You'don't want to go there ! 'I've just come away. It's a slow ;town. Why, there isn't a single daily rowspaper in the whole place!" A SMART REPLY. "Spell ferment, and gire its -defiAtion," requested the teacher. "F-e-r-m-e-net, to work," responded a diminutive maiden. "Now splace it in a sentence, so that I may b'e sure you understand the meaning;" said -the teacher. "In the -summer I would rather play out of doors than ferment in the school house," returned the small scholar,,with such doleful fmnkness and unconscious humor that the teacher foxand it' hard Ito snn~m -ras smile. OUT OF 'IT LONG AGO. The story :is told of a Christian friend who taught an old man to rend. He made good progress, and the friend not having seen dim for some time, called one day to inquire :after his welfare. Finding only -the old man's wife~v.t homer he asked her, 'IHow is fames?" 'He's well, si:;" said the wife. "How does he get on with 'his read tng?" "Nicely, sir." "I suppose he can dead his Bible very eaoinortably now?" "Bible, sir! Bless you! He is out of the Bible and into the newspaper long ago.' VERY DIGNIFIED. He ras wrapped in dignity and an enormous ulster, and sat up in the train with the majesty of a line-of-battle ship under lull canvas. He had just started to relate a conversation he had with too rmnce 05 vaics ween toe ticliet Inspector, opening the door, cried : "All tickets, please." "Sorry, sir; we shan't stop there," observed the inspector, closely scrutinising the ticket of the mighty one. "Stop where?" inquired the seeming millionaire. "Mr Smith's, the pawnbroker's," answered the inspector, handing back the ticket that the Prince's friend had given him. AT THE THEATRE. They told the same old stories, They sang the same old airs, They sat in ancient costumes On very modern chairs. TVhile paper snow was falling They cooked green ears of corn, And 'twasdn't fifteen seconds Between the night andi morn. "The same old villain nlotted. The same old lover sighed, The same relentless parent I-Iis-eager suit denied. They wrote in twenty seconds A letter, or a will; They waved in air their glasses, Yet drank them brimming still. The thunder lacked an echo, The moon was pale and weak. And when the ghost was rising, The crank set forth a squeak. M:h! yes, the same old people, With nothing new to tell; And yet, I must confess it, 