JjMrtltfi'js Jarato OB HI KP»Y OF A MYSTEBI0U3 MONOGBAH, By M*a. 6. SHELDON, Author of “Grarii’a Mistake," “Faltbfnl Shirley." CHAPTER XXXVIII. dorotht’s vindication. m What did you mean by your referenee to a obange in your prospects ?” Dtrothy inquired a little later, alter tho lovers talked over their new happiness and the young lady had confessed how and when she had made the discovery that she loved him with a far deeper affection than that of a sister for a brother. The young man smiled misohievonsly. "I am almost afraid that you will re gard me as a cruel usurper when I tell yon,” he replied. “What do you mean by that?" she in quired, looting perplexed. « What would you say if I should tell yon that I have found another will?” Archie questioned, while he searched her face cnriou'-ly, ••Save you, Archie?” Dorothy eagerlj cried—“alater one?” ‘'Yes,1 *• Oh, what did it say ?” " It bequeathed to yi nr humble servant the estate and a goodly amount of money betides.” “ How strange !—and bow glad, I am 1 •• Really 1 I believe yon woisld not have cared if Uncle John had left me the whole of hiB property l” said Archie, regarding her with some surprise. “Well, 1 do not think it would have materially affected my prospects,” Dorothy roguishly returned, “cot nearly so much as the other arrangement seemed likely to do.” “ You cannot quite forgive me even yet, can you, dear, for refusing your nobie gift?” said Archie, with tender reproach. •• But just try to pat yontBelf in my plaoe, and tell me if you think you would have aoted differently.” “ I—don’t think I want to talk about ii any more," Dorothy demurely replied “ Bupp' se yon tell me something about what you have been doing during all these long weeks Arobie laughed out lightly at her readi ness to change ihe subject, but he was far too happy to care to press the matter, and so began to give her an account of hie fruitless Bearcn for her, his anxiety and wretchedneBB over her flight, which finally ■o affected bis health that he decided to take a trip abroad. Then he related how he had met Mies Portesque in the hotel at Liverpool and the wonderful revelation which had been the outgrowth of his acquaintance with her. *• How very etrange ! It is exceedingly rooantic, Arohie,” Dorothy exclaimed when he ooucluded his narrative. *1 And you say that her name is Dorothy Por tesque,” she added, reflectively. •• Yes, and the fact of her first name be ing the same as yours, strack me as being a singular coincidence.'1 “D F.” murmured the yonng girl, gazing thought! uliy cff over the water, “ Ves, tbOBe were the letters engraven on my locket, you know,” said her lover. «• Humph 1 1 was thinking about my jeweb." said D rothy gravely. “Your jewelB?” exclaimed Archie astonished. ‘‘What can you mean, and what connection o n my grandmother’s n> me have with sny thing in your posses ion f " “I forgot that you never knew any tbiag about them,” Dorothy returned. Tbaa jshe told him all that she knew about the beautiful necklace, deioribing it to him «»H also the monogram on its clasp. “ How very singular,” said Archie, in a wondering tone, 11 and how can you ac# count for the monogram on tho clasp being a duplicate of that on my locket.” “ Yon know I never saw it but once, and that was when I was a little girl, and long before mamma gave the necklace into my possession. There seems a strange fatality attending those initials,” said Dorothy. “ Hew so ?’’ Dorothy lifted a troubled look to her companion’s face. , “I’ve half a mind to tell you, she remarked, with some hesitation, “ and yet I did not mean to just at present.” >• You have • half a mind ’ to tell me •“ it is something dreadful, Arohie,” •• Never mind, dear; you surely can troBt me with what troubles you, if you oan trust yourself to me," her lover tenderly xeiponded. “ Certainly, I can. trust you with every thing,” said Dorothy, with rising color j "but I hoped that I oonld settle this matter quietly, when I returned to the hotel at Claremont, and then you need sever have known of the terrible ordeal to which I have been Bnbjeoted.” “ Heavens, Dorothy I have you anything worse to tell me than that which you have already related f” Archie excitedly ex claimed. . , “ Hush! do not be alarmed,” she quietly returned. *• Perhaps it 1b better, after all, that yon should know, and then yon can odviss me what course to pursne, although £ am sure tfcnt Mr Waldmar would have managed everything nicely for me.” She then proceeded to tell him about Mr Van Stein's wedding-gift to bis bride—-of her astonishment upon beholding at Tif fany's a necklace exactly like the one in 2»r possession; how she had seen it again os the young wife’s neck at the ball, and thett.. on her return from her yachting e? •cnrsie.u, bad been arreated upon the bu» sicitn t>l having stolen it. Aicbie indignantly «■ “ Atrocious I claimed. ,, u yes, it was a dreadful experience! ®aio Dorothy, with a heavy sign; "and the worst of it all is that the examination ib appointed for the day after to- morrow—in tne morning—and if 1 am not there to answer for myself, Mr Waldmar, who assumed heavy bonds for my appearance, will be heid responsible.” .«»Do not trouble about that part of it, said Archie, “ for we can easily reach Claremont by rail | but what distresses me jB how J0^i are going to answer for jonrsblf at the forthcoming examination, he con cluded, looking'deeply anxious. >f “ Oh, that wiU be simple enough. Dor ethy smilingly answered, “for I shall immediately produce Mrs Van Stem a neck lace and pendant '•Dorothy l” cried Archie, inexpressibly cheoaed by her words, and regarding her as if he thought her temporarily inBaae. Wait I—let me tell you, Bhe mter poBed, with a little ripple of lighter that was Jike music in his sars; whereupon Bhe proceeced to tell him how she had dis covered the real thief, and, later, possessed herself of the jewels and revolver just as the Campania had been about to pass the vacht Marion. . . , , “T9ell, my darling, you have, indeed, bad * romantic experience I" Archie re tnarke'd, In a wondering tone; but i tremble when I think of the dangers yon have eicoPntered." _ , , “I cannot be too thankful; and, oh, l am so clad to have foand you, Archie, me fair girl returned, with a long sigh of con tent. “Wasn’t it wonderful—when 1 seeded you most—that you should have been at hand f I ne’er thought of break ing down until I oanght sight of yonr face, when yon Bpiang toward me; then, realising that I was safe—that yon would w'ahn everything right—something within n,e let go, and 1 knew nothing more until I HWOke in the state-room below and found yen over mo# IU UCUUiUfi w.v- —— . •*My pcoc child 1 I wooder Qometrlnt did not ‘let go’ long bewi," said the K&M;* UUb ° .-* '-. 5cong in » volce o£ fceD*er BJ*“P bv .. ijnt i am afraid that t»lk ng it over wi. .exciie.yoo,; aaa |yon;|h»ve Ini, enough i b at fir one day,*’ he ooncluded, as he auxi n 'ly soanned her face. •« Oh. no ; I a'o not mind it, now tbatic s all o ?er, and I have yen onc3 more,” Dor othv r-eponded. with a trnetful emue. * Bn”, i". is strange how those mysterious D’s and F's continually rise up to confront you and me, like restless ghosts from out f tfce pist. I wonder if this Miss For e-qoe, of whom you have told me, oould zplxin this monogram, or if she can he in any ry related to my mother/ Bhe ihoosh'fnlly concluded. ,. , “Where are those jewels, Dorothy, whiob you rescued from that wretch F’ Archie questioned, In a lew tone. * « Here In my pocket, she whispered.^ ii p0es he know that you have them ? « I do not know; he must certainly won der how I beaame possessed of the revolver which lay underneath his mattreBB, to gether with the neoklace,” . ‘'Possibly he did not reoogmse it; he may have thonght that Mre Allen provided yon with it. At all events, whether he suspects it or not, he cannot be in a very comfortable frame of mmd at the present i-ime : for be must realise that the jewels will he found, sooner or later, consequently the natural inference would be that he was the thief. He shall ba handed over to the authorities the moment we get into port, and taken along with ns when we go to Claremont for the elimination. » Do yon think it advisable to ask Miss Fortesque If she known anything about the □eokla- e F’ Dorothy inquired. _ Archie thought a moment before reply ing He was anxious as Dorothy to have the mystery of that peculiar monogram ex plained ; but he kn“w that there would be tmple opportunity for that later on, while, if the ornaments should prove to be con nected with her paBt in any way, s e might become as excited over them as she had previously over his locket, and he did tot wish his party to become at all con spicuous again on board the Campania. “ No, I do not believe it will be best, at least just at present," he finally remar e . " I think the least said about them the better, until after you have restored the me now in your keeping to its owner. Ana when you have your own back again you isn show it to her and ask if she possesses »ny knowledge regarding it." "I wlBh you would take charge of the oreoione things for me," said Doro y, ■ look of anxiety flitting over her fair “ I shall be in constant fear of losing them \--1 do not wonder; they are a keavy rnBt for any one," said her companion, w tn , eearohing glance around. “ Certain y rill relieve yon of the charge, only it will ie safer for you to wait until we go below lefore giving them to me; it would not do 0 have any one know that they are in ^ e loaseeaion of either of us. Now rest, e idded, in a lighter tone, and smiling fondly ipon her, “ while I go to find auntie, rill bring her to you, then X muBt lo iter her trapB and mine, for we arealmoB n port. Seel yonder is the statue ot Liberty 1* ” . Giviag the hand he was bolding a linger ng clasp, he went in search of Miss For esque, whom he met on the Btairs, just oming up from her state-room, where she iai been putting her belongings in order or landing. . , “ Did you think I had deserted yon en irely f” he smilingly inquired. “ No j I knew where you were, she re ponded, with a twinkle i* her blaok eyes ,b eke observed his radiant face. 1 reckon it’s all right now between you and pour other Dorothy." , •• Yes,” said Archie, laughing outright at ler way of putting it, “ and l have a long md interesting story to relate to you when ve nave time. I was jiBt coming to find rou. in order to introduce you ^to each ither before we leave the steamer. He gave the old lady his arm and con looted her to Dorothy. After making them loqnainted, he left them, together and went jelow to look after their baggage. An hour later they were ail comfort ibly settled for the night in a convenient lotel down town, where, early the next norning, Dorothy could easily procure a mitable outfit for travelling, and _ this mable her to return to Claremont without >eicg disagreeably conspicuous; for Bhe lad been abducted in a white fltnnel outing iuit, which had, of oonrse, been somewhat ■oughly need, during her varied ex periences. , . Archie, as he had contemplated doing, lad given Henry Carson into the hands of 1 policeman immediately after the arrival >f the Campania in port. He had also explained the clronmstanoes of the robbery at Claremont, in ooanection with the charge of abduction, and begged ;hat some one might be detailed to oonduot the prisoner thither to compel his pre sence at the examination which was ap pointed for the following morning. This request was, of course, granted, and it as early an hour as possible the whole party left New York for the fashionable irateriDg-place, where so much excitement lad interest prevailed in view of the pend ing examination and Mr Waldmat a nn jomfortable predicament in aonnection jyj i Vi it. . They would have arrived that evening put for a serious accident which occurred pn the road. , , , A freight train, whloh had preceded them by an hour ot more had been de railed and had so blooked the way that they Eeund It impossible to go on for many hours, and thus they were obliged to remain over night at a small country Inn. This unforeseen oasnalty oansed Arohle and Dorothy considerable anxiety, espe cially as there was no telegraph office In the place, and It was not possible to wire Mr Waldmar that Dorothy would not fall to make her appearance at court, although she might be rather late in doing bo. JJy working diligently all night the road gang were enabled to clear the track, so that the passenger train oonld go on, and it was a. great relief to the wearied ana anxious travellers to be pnoe more on their Upon their arrival at Claremont, Mies Fortetaue, who was almost ill from sleepless night on a comfortless bed, deolded to go direotly to the hotel, while Arohie and Dorothy, followed by the officer and his prisoner, together with Sarah Ann Allen and her husband, who had been brought on as witnesses—turned their steps towards the local court-house. We know how they reaohed the court houee just as Porothy’s counsel had risen to make the humiliating confession that his client had mjsterinnoly disappeared, and the most diligent searoh had failed to discover her whereabouts. How they were received with almost deafening applause; how the beautiful girl went forward to the witness stand, where she composedly submitted to a critical examination, and finally, to tbe amazement of the multitude, produced Mrs Van Stein’s missing necklace and pendant, in proof of the testimony whioh she had ^Thls brings ns back to the soene in the ojurt-room, wheji Dorothy’s counsel arose, with the atonoa in his hands, while Henry Carson, who was Bitting hand onffed beside the officer in charge of him, in tbe rear of the room, muttered a startled oath as he also caught sight of them. He had been in a terrible state of mind on account of them ever alnoe his arreBt. He had not, ao Archie had suggested to Dorothy, reoognised his revolver in her hands, and had not been able to pcoonnt for her having had it, except upon the supposi tion that the stewardess might have pro vided her with it ( therefore he imagined the reolons necklace to be still concealed beneath the mattress in his berth en board the Marion., He had hoped to be able t« oommunlcate, In some way, with a " pal/' to get him to steal aboard the yaoht and seonre the towels; and then, in ease he aould manage so eapape, he would still have a fortune in his possession to make life a pleasure in oome foreign country? but their unexpected •Dpearance In the cousin om blighted this hope and trid him that fie bad been most skufnllj outwitted by a very olever girl.!] gg« Hei»4 jour bouer^ an} the., pteeiif of which MIbs Wellington has spoken,'’ thi lawyer announced, with a* mnoh apparent oalmnesB and unoonoern as If he had known all along and had even planned this remark able ^denouement, instead of being as mnoh amazed as any one, by the startling de velopments of the morning. , Another ringing cheer went echoing through the oonrt-room at this revelation, Mrs Van Stein arose to her feet with a ory of iov and leaned esgerly forward to assnre herself that the glittering stones were really hers, while her husband also manl fested no little excitement. Bat his honor’s gavel esme down upon his desk with a thnnderlng rap and when something of order was restored, the jewels w^re passed up for his examination, after whioh th^y were submitted to Mr and Mrs Van Stein and the olerk from Tiffany b fer Identification. ....... , When this bad been established beyond a doubt, Dorothy waH oalled upon to relate how she had happened to oome In possession of them, and the most Intense Interest pre vailed while she was telling her thrilling Her narrative, up to the point of her resono by the captain of the Campania, was corroborated In every particular by Mrs Allen, while Arohie also vouohed for the correctness of her statements regarding the txagio scene open the deok of the yaoht, and her transfer to the steamer. ' When the long examination waB over, Dorothy’s oonnsel briefly summed up tbe evidenoe In her favor, which., he claimed, waB too conclusive to oall for any remarks, except for form’s sake, and olosed by saying that Miss Wellington, instead of being guilty of the crime of whioh she had been aconsed, had provod herself a heroine in her efforts to recover and proteat the stolen jewels, and was therefore entitled not only to tbe gratltade of the owners and the admiration of every one, bat also to the very liberal reward whioh had been offered for the restoration of the oostly stones. Ha sat down amid enthnBlastlo applsnse ; and as the opposing oonnsel had nothing to offer In response, the oharge against Dorothy was promptly dismissed. Then the court was Immediately adjourned until hla honor oould deoide what aotion to take with referenca to the real orlminal, who waB at onoe ordered te the county gaol te await his trial. It may as well be stated here that he was eonvloted ou both charges—abduotion and theft—and sentenced to fifteen years at hard labor In the State prison at Sing Sing. 