' IEDEBATION. CONVENTION IN ADELAIDE. MESSAGE FEOM THE QUEEN. -THE DEBATE CONTINUED. Adelaide, March 25. « The 'Convention opened this morning with a thin house. There was a goodly number of spectators, including the Governor's wife, daughters, and private secretary, who were accommodated with seats on the floor of the House. On opening the sitting, the Pre sident said he had to announce the receipt, through the Secretary of State for the Colonies, of the fol lowing message from Her Majesty the Queen : — ' I have received Her Majesty's commands to desire you to acquaint the Federal Con vention that she takes a special interest in its pro ceedings, and hopes that under the divine guidance its labors will result in practical benefit to Aus tralia. I desire to add my own cordial wishes for a successful re sult which will conduce to the dig nity and strength of the Empire.' The President called for three cheers for the Queen, and these were heartily given. On the motion of Sir George Turner, Sir Eichard Baker was appointed Chairman of Committees. The discussion on Mr. Barton's resolutions was then continued by Mr. Carruthers. He said that he desired that the utmost consideration and concilia tion for the smaller colonies should be shown. They should be actuated by a spirit of compromise, but should not forget that they would have to persua-de. the people of Australia to accept' that com promise. He hoped the Premiers while m England would induce the British Government to take steps to get back the whole of New Guinea for the Empire. He spoke forcibly in favor of in tercolonial free trade. He strongly urged that the railways be placed absolutely under Federal control. He trusted that a select committee would be appointed by the Con vention to take every pains to obtain evidence in regard to the probable financial difficulties which federal Australia would have to face. As to the federal judiciary he did not believe in setting up an inferior tribunal to take the place of the superior Privy Council. Referring to the question of the site of the federal capital, the speaker caused some amusement by enumerating many reasons in favor of New South Wales, which, he1 said, was the most important colony of the lot. He gave as one example the fact that the head of the Church of England was located in Sydney. To this came the repar tee from Mr. Peacock — ' We have the head of the Salvation 'Army' in Melbourne.' (Laughter.) He made a strong appeal in his perora tion that the members of the Con vention should carry out their duties in an earnest, careful, and painstaking way, so as to make the work as perfect as possible. Mr. H, B. Higgins was the next speaker. He attacked the resolu tions, and said that they were not worthy of those to whom had been delegated the responsibility of framing the bill. He agreed with Sir E. N. Braddon that the Government must rest upon the House of Eepresentatives. If it did this, it must give the sole power of the purse to the same body. If the Senate were allowed to debate and refuse money bills, this would practically give them command; as the Senate could so block the Ministry that the latter would have to bring in bills suitable to the Senate. The franchise for both Houses should be the same, for if they were elected on a narrow franchise it would be difficult to broaden it. He was strongly in favor of begin ning with one man one vote for both Houses of Parliament. He urged that the Senate should be elected by each colony voting as one constituency, while the repre sentatives should be returned by the districts.. He briefly referred to financial and railway matters. Mr. B. E. Wise did not see why the Senate should not be allowed to amend money bills, as there would be more heated debates over matters* of social legislation than concerning money bills. They should not be scared by the ghosts of «dead controversies. It the Con vention attempted to fix the federal franchise on broader lines than those which existed, a fresh obstacle would be created. He would leave that to the Federal Parliament. He J objected both to the referendum and to the Houses sitting togetb er as ameans of settling deadlocks, Power should be given to the Federation to take over the administration of the unoccupied parts of Australia as federal terri tory. He advocated the federation of the railways, which should be instruments of consolidation and not weapons of offence. There was no need to deal with trunk lines, so that Western Australia and Tasmania would not be affected. He advocated a uniform gauge, and . to prevent the arbitrary and causeless dismissal of Federal civil servants by the Executive, it should be enacted that they should not be dismissed without cause being shown in Parliament. This remark of the speaker caused dissension, and it was pointed out in an interjection that it was ridiculous that both Houses should have to agree to the dismissal of a junior officer. Mr.. Wise '-concluded by expressing the hope ;that every care would be exercised to frame a fair, equitable, and tangible constitution. Mr. J. Henry spoke chiefly on subsection 8 of the first resolution, which provided that exclusive power to impose and collect duties, customs, and excise, and give bounties should be vested in the Federal Parliament. He thought the powers proposed to be conferred on the Federal Government should not be exercised until the hour when the Treasurer tabled and carried a resolution for the impo sition of customs duties. The Federal Government should not be allowed to touch the customs or telegraph revenue of the several colonies until a uniform tariff was adopted. The Federal Govern ment should be given the power to levy on the states for defence and other specific . purposes, but not until the states failed to pay their contributions. All defence works should' be taken over by the Federal Government. Mr. J. H. Symon said that when considering relative rights and powers of the senate and House of Eepresentatives they must look at it from the point of view that possibly the balance of power might be altered in the course of a very few years from what it was at present. The smaller states might combine because of their smallness, and achieve their ends, and Victoria and New South Wales might ,be out stripped in the race for wealth and population. Look at what was happening in the west, where popu lation and wealth'were increasing by leaps and bounds. If the pro sperity there was permanent there was no knowing whether they might not find West ern Australia soon excelling the present great colonies in the east. The position might, there fore, be reversed. He would have liked the sixth clause of the first resolution to have expressed as a particular condition the absolute permanence of the proposed union. He hoped that they would all work to enable the Premiers on leaving for England to take with them a complete draft of the Federal Con stitution, the presentation of which would be one of the most precious and most acceptable parts of the great celebrations. In regard to the appointment of the Federal Council judiciary, he would give a final appeal from the Supreme Courts of the different States to that tribunal. They should not send suitors with cases 12,000 mile's .for adjudication. He be lieved in the Federal Government being responsible to the Federal Assembly, while the Senate should have the power to amend but not to reject money bills introduced into the House of Eepresentatives. There would be no advantage in having intercolonial free trade unless the railways and great avenues of trade were put under federal control. In conclusion, he echoed in their entirety the weighty words in which Mr. Barton coun selled a spirit of conciliation and concession. The Convention adjourned at 5.20 to the following day. 