A SYD5NE I MIRACLE. INVESTIGA?l'-TON- BY A RE PORTER. THE INTIsIESTIG- ASE OF iMR. Tiio X.AS..IARnIS , W , SAYS .'TIHA.T A FEW WEEKS AGO HiE w.S. CiIPPLED-- PAR TIALLY PARALYSED,-SUFFERING FROM LoCOMOT,,n ATA'CIA; -A\D HELPLESS NESS. DOCTORS, KHOSPITAL AUTiHO: .-ITIES.AND EVERYONE "SAID HiE MU?T DIE, AS HIS CASE WAS HuoPELESS. BUT THEY WERE MISTAKEN. UO-D.Y HE IS A NEW M~AN, FULL OP LIFE AND ENERGY, HIS CRUTCHES HE HAS THRnoN AWAY, Ils DEAD LIMBS HAVE IFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE H81S A NEW LEASE oF LIFE OUT AND OUT, So much interest has been shown. by our readers in this marvellous.case that welhave: published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian ftork man a few weeks-ago.-. - One 'arternoon our representative made his- way to -the-home of-Mr.-Tii.: as Jarvis,.45... rown-lane, Ultjia. xi He was discovered` nursinfg a tiwo-y'ea.rld baby, and his face.declared him to. be one of the happiest men in ,Sydney. He was.fup nun about and able' to ans wer the knock at the door. In reply. to the preliminary que.toins, he said: 'You want to know all about my case ? Well, I aru glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The f-icts may be of valueto those who are stricken as I was.' 'How long were you suffering ?' SWell, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a uhath in Pitt-street, Syd ney... Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up - my billet" at the Glebe Island.' . - . SWhat were the svumstoms..?'. Siri ply' indesc ibable. Thei pains werd: soniiehiig 1teu'ible?"- Thy iFere just about about ..as mudhb -as. I could bear, They were for all.the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I h"d' no control over my bowels. or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was ircessantly shivering and shaking, and c:,uld neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a Well-known doctor, a-nd he told me that my. case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' Did you make use of the order ?' S1No, I came home and went to bed and have been pretty well in he,! ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I c,,ul! no, get of thebed. I felt then that it was :ii over with me, and only a ques;ion of days when I should give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did .a! be could, by opitim and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was un der aim for five or six weeks. I-H came to the conclusion that Y wvas suffering fromn looomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gait and difficulty in co-ordin ating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of mu, legs. (Just here the patient kicked I's legs about with energy to sho:, tl.a: medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a diowning man-wiii grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by. the advertisement describing the cure efftcted in the case of another boiler maker in England, which 1 reaid in the Aus/rall'an Workman, by Dr. W\illi:ntus Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement a case whiLch stemed to fit my owvn. I determined to give the.Pink Pills a trial anvyway. and .sent foil a box. The effect was as rnmarvelbus .-s it was inagical. I was able to Oat. and sleep as though nothing was tilhe matter with me. It was the first appetite andi rest I had for many a c day. 1 was in cretlible. I immediataly ef th bed uud was able to move annU:. I have taken four boxes ot [Piik Ltiis during the past tour " eeks, and am n,,w taking the fifth box. I can now walk about with the aid fo a stick, and am gradual ly, but surely, recovering my former vig or and viatility, You see those crutches there ? -They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now.I. don't want them. All 1 want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapitly re'gailning my strength.' He is 100 per cent. better,' said Mrs.. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who had called, in at this. point, s:id that Jarvis looked ten years. younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. I can now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a cold bath, and all the fe:eling has come back to my le:zs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I as cribe all the change and benefit to =Dr.-, W.'iiliams' Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I amnt in no pain now, what ever. and feel like a new m.n. On the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. Btil they cart stay where they are, for I':,no longer .need thnm:. Everybody ' who knows ate has been amazed at the change in mue. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has -caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is. the remarkablhe historv, and confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by (r. Wili.ams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure loc,; miotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and si nal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an inploverishcd stat: bf the blod, such as anniria, pale and sallow comp!exion , general muscular weakness, in iigs ;on, !oss ,f appetite, shortuess of br- ath, pains in the back, ,rer'ous lhead:thi., etc. Th.se pills are a tonic, n,?t a purgatrive. They are geieieic .oily with th-.fdli name, 1)r. \il iams' Pitnk Pills for Pale Pen-. 1ie, and are sold by all chemists and s;torek-cpe?s : geerarily, or the Dr. Wlihius' Meohicie Company, Qee~n's P!ace Sydney, will !,rward on receipt of s. amps or 1)post order one box for 2s 91, or ha:lft-d-l.zen for 14s 91. 