Minister's Corner. CoNTMUDTEI) BY LoCAfi MINISTERS. No. 9.-SALVATION. In the few linos I am about to write I desiro to state some of the toaching of tho Holy Scriptures regard ing salvation. There uro puople who regard salva tion aB wholly past, there are others who think of salvation aa wholly future, while others more fully, instructed live in tho enjoyment and working ser \iao of a present salvation, having fellowship with God, grateful that by grace they havo been saved, and " by tho power of God guarded through faith unto a salvation roady to bo revealed in the last time." Yes, the tiuth is that the Scriptures show tho sal vation of God under one aspeot to be past; they, also show that the salvation of God so far from be ing wholly past is actually present with its power, its liability to recoivo attack, and its dignity and humility, and they show finally a final or future salvation to bo brought at tho revelation of Jesus Christ. Salvation then is PAST, for " while we were enem ies wo were reconciled to God through the death of His Son," Homans v. 10. It is past, for " When the kindness of God our Saviour and Tlis love to ward man appeared, not by works done in righteous ness which wo did ourselvos, but according to His mercy lie saved its, through tho washing of regener ation iind renewing of the Huly Ghost which he poured upon us riohly through Jesus Christ our Saviour," JCpistle to Titus iii, 4, SC. And again with reference to this aspjet of salva tion it is written, " By graco have ye boon saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of Go 1: not of works, that no man should * glory." Ephesians iii, 8-9 (R.V.) Now, the person who by-belief of God.and'in God can truly appropriate God's wonderful gift, finds himself consaio.usly in a slate of salvation, anil to him the Scriptures have messages regarding God's Siilvaticn as u jirencnt state. " Work out your own Milvation vvilh fear and trembling, for it is God. wh'io'i wbrkethjn yon both to will and to work ;for... His good pleasure." Philippians ii, 12-18 (R.V.) Those wttais are addressed to tho avowed people of the Lord Jesus Christ, described in the epistle as ..saints in Christ Jesus," and referrod to not only as " beloved," but as " boloved and obedient" chap ter 11, 12. This second view of salvation by. which it is re garded as something at present proceeding in tho Christian life is shown also iri 1 Gov. I, 13, " The word of the cross is to them that am perishirijjj ti)ol ishnoss ; but unto us which a/'t1 being saocd it is the powor of Gnd (11. V.) May tho Christian louder have courage and confi dence, watchfulness and trust, that nothing lo in s !ihis enough to stop him heeding the grace of God and living in His presence depending on Him. " For God is light, and in him is no darkness at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him an! walk in the diirkness, wo lio and do not tho truth ; but if we walk in tho light, as He is in the light, we havo fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ His Son oleatiseth us from all sin." Having tho work of the Christian life to do, let Christian men not bo lazy ; having a groat adversary subtle and unsleeping, lei them be watchful; having a blessed fellowship to maintain with the Father, with "His Son Jesus Christ, and one with another, let Christians bo devout, and pray to God often, Snd meditate in His Word. A. life lived in such fellowship' purely that is to enjoy salvation. And God is faithful to enable it, for "If while we were enemies wo were reconciled to God through the death of His Son, much mora being reconciled shall we be saved by His life ; and not ouly so, but we also rejoice in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom wo have now received the reconciliation." Romans v, 9-11, (R.V.) In the last plaoe I very briefly state that the Holy Soriptures prosent a future salvation as an ob ject of hope to a Christian. Regarding this we read, "Now is salvation nearer to us than when we first believed ?" Romans xiii, . 2 (R.V.) And another Scripturo declares, "A salvation ready to be revealed in the last time." 1 Peter, i, 5. " Wherefore," my fellow Christian reader, " Gird ing up the loins of your mind, be sober, and set your hope perfectly on the grace that is to buv brought unto you at tho revelation of Jesus Christ." 1 Peter, i, 13 (R.V.) In the meantime, while you are work ing and waiting, and making consoious and unconsoious use of ( tho grace of God's Iloly Spirit, give loving thought often towards the Son of God, for already " Our citizenship is in Hea ven, from whenoe also we wait for a Saviour, the Lord JBBUS Christ: who shall fashion anew the body of our humiliation! that it may be conformed to the body of His glory." Philippians iii, 20-21 (R.V.) FIFTY YEARS OF BANK LIFE.-The general manager of the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney, Mr. T. A. Dibbs, on Wednesday completed his 50th year of service in the bank, and the officers of the institution, in order to commemorate the event, have determined to present to him por traits in oils of himself and Mrs. Dibbs together with an address. The directors will be amongst those present at tho ceremony, which will take place on the 2nd August, at 10.30 a.m., in the bank. Mr. Dibbs has invited the entire staff to Graythwaite, bin residence at North Sydney, on the same day, and thuB the directors will have an opportunity of meet ing many of their officers. The popular general manager first entered the service of the bank as a junior at the age of 1*1$ years in 1847. In 1858 ho became an accountant, and in the year 1807 at tained to the position of general manager, which lie has retained since that timo. This fact alone, apart from the general esteem in whick Mr. Dibbs is htl 1, speaks volumes /or his finoneial abilities, and the confidence reposed in him by the directors. Mr. Dibbs is to be congratulated on his very unusual record of 50 years' service in one institution, the success of whioh in later years has been due in no small extent to Mr. Dibbs himself.-S. M. Herald. Mr. Atteridge, war correspondent for the " Daily Chronicle " in the late Soudan oampaign, has re covered £1000 damages from the " Times " special war correspondent for impugning his courage at the battle of Firkeh. 