CHAPTER V. Oruxa's ilns^Aon. ^ HE morning after his me c t i n g witft Orisna, j Eigcl strayed away from! the terinee of; tiie castle! into the guv-1 dens, when I coming to n broad plateau lie was sud frontcd by a magnificent view Iyhl! beneath and beyond him, . of Wide! stretching valleys, • with their home- j toads and villages backed by woodlands, Snowd Cnr0ilted b? tl,e Rhol,ell, the Snowdon,and the Cader Idris moun tains towering against the clear blue gray of the distant horizon. ' inn ev °c0k V °rel' k"d with "nrch gey is Par as he could see it all belonged to Philip; nota soul who lived faid If V y'! ?mI tillc<1 t!>e soil but Paid Him a rental that helped to swill Ills income to thirty thousand a year m, immense sum. surely for „no imli: vidua! At that moment Philip ST thin and °r<,erly ns he -- in! nil tilings was going over his accounts with the agent. His morn-1 tngs were entirely devoted to business Itcgularly „ clockwork the steward Sth tlm n ^ h" (,"yS for c(>nsuHatio»s intli the new baronet, whom he found as shrewd as his predecessor. Kt^cl iberefore free to spend as be iud Stuneh * betlrem bl'cakf-t Mr'-V ',a-vs of !'is stay he bad ddi„hted m wandering about and cxaminrng the castle, traversing pas b«ng with tapestries that some-1 times concealed locked doors, enteral ipiaint suites of drawing-rooms shrouded in holhind, and containing stran-elv carved furniture, spinets that had -Hen no sound for centuries, spindle-legged card tables where fortunes had been lost vl "''Ivors tli at had his houl * °£ th0 WOmen of Entering Ihese silent apartments, though whose shuttered windows faint anil shadowy lights gained a grud-ed ^rf°V,n wh?sc at,llosl>bcro the smell of dried rose leaves still lingered, it seemed to Iligel as if he had stepped into bygone ages and mingled with a past that had little in common with the present. Anil so strong did this impression gam upon him, that on open wL73 ?>. tbes? lleaTy Mk '5«ors he would not have been surprised to come upon a company of ghosts in hoop and powder in silken hose and satin breeches, with waving fan and enamelled snuff box m band, and their high-heeled shoes and dangling swords clinking on the waxed floor, as they curtsied pro i°d"nce0r tr°d th° StateIy measure of j I he place that most impressed him, however, was tiie picture gallery, that ran along the whole western side of the castle, and contained little else save family portraits. Here were statesmen and soldiers, courtiers that had been favourites of a king, admirals that had won famous victories. And With them were their wives in every variety of costume, belonging to every reign. J.hey were all his ancestors; ho had sprang from them, their blood was in his veins He conld not help feeliug impressed by the pride of ancestry, by thc knowledge that through a long line oi illustrious men he could trace his j family until its origin was lost in pre-1 historic times. Nor could he help' admitting to liiaiself that since his arrival at Kertcliffe Castle his impres-j sionahlo mind had undergone some fcJjange.' I : For the fu.Rt time he had entered one ■0 the magnificent homes for which1 Maat -britain is famed; he hadexperi-j enced its manifold comforts, and admired the simple disuity.of its order. His love of luxury was gratified by the stately rooms lie inhabited, by the massive silver of the table service, by the.surroundings that everywhere bore evidence of an auciciit splendour, by the loyalty of the service given by those whose forbears had for generations been servants of his race. The stable with its horses was at his service; the line old library invited him to explore its unknown riches; an excellent cook added something to the enjoymeut of life. And everyone he encouutered, tenant or townsman, treated hiiu with friendly respect; for to them he was a scion of a family con nected with and served by them for centuries. All this was widely different from auything he had experienced a month ago, fruui what he would again know in a few weeks. In a great city he would be one amongst a crowd, for whom no special consideration would be shown. There would be no home life for him. He would live in a second rate boarding-house, eat beside auy mau or woman who. could pity for a meal, be served by a slipshod waiter with soiled liucn and dirty nails, to dishes, the poverty of whose quality would be concealed under a richness of seasoning. He would rideon a truuicar or omnibus. True, lie need no longer struggle for, daily bread, as the three hundred a year he inherited would support and allow him to choose what work he pleased. But what was three hundred a year in comparison with thirty thou sand and such a home as Kedeliffe Castle ? With a smile of self-pity he remembered the idea instilled iuto his youthful mind by his poor foolish father, that he, Itigcl, would one day inherit his uncle's title and property ; and for a moment he allowed his imagination to dwell on what might have beeu. With a pardonable pride he felt assured he would do justice_to the position. Philip hardly looked the part. Ho had no dignity, and he scared}* appreciated his surroundings, perhaps because he had been used to them all his life. What a piece of ill luck it was that Sir David had married a second time, that Philip had ever been born, in fact, that he (liigel) was not lord and master of ltedcliffe Castle. How different he would make the place if it were his. He pictured to himself the waiuscotingof the vast hall reflecting the ruddy glow from great log fires in winter time; the drawing rooms stripped of their liolland cover ings and brilliant with innumerable wax lights; the ballroom crowded with gay dancers; the dining table surrounded by beautiful women and distinguished men ; and he the master of all, able to direct their pleasures and follow his own by reason of his vast income. Alas, all this was but a dream—a dangerous dream which had better be banished from his mind. But so forcibly had it taken possession of him this morning that, without heeding where he weut, he had wandered out of the garden into the shrubberies and down into the valley. As he still mechanically took nis way along a narrow path, a shrill sharp cry fell upon his ears, when turning to the right, from where he be lieved itto have come, he found himself close by the great jutting boulder which lie rightly inferred was the Devil's Head. As he looked upwards he caught sight of a woman's figure, standing in what seemed a perilous position and waving something in her hand. In stantly he recognised the figure as that of Oriuna Ciaypoie, and remained sta tionary in his wonder at seeing aud hearing lier call to him. Before ho could move she called to him again and then began to descend. This not only surprised, but startled him ; for it seemed dangerous that she should rush down an apparently track-' less declivity. He shouted aud raised his hands by way of begging lier to go back, but if she heard or saw, she took 1 no notice of liini, but continued lier way, now running a few stops as if impelled forward, again pausiug to grasp at shrubs, and making wide circuits as if following a path. He hurried forward aud reached the point of lier descent as breathless, Hushed, aud uo longer able to control herself she rushed into his arms, where he held lier whilst her heart beat tumultuously against his own. Then she raised lier eyes to his slowly. For a second he was aware that their pupils dilated with a sense of sudden, I uncontrolled joy, that he was conscious I his owu reflected. Then swiftly an I expression of confusion and dismay spread over her face and he relaxed his. hold. " ' Pray forgive me,1 she stammered, in I evident embarrassment. 11 thought it | was Philip ; 1 did not realise until this instant that it was vou.* 4 We are about the same height and build,' he answered, anxious to cover her confusion, 4aud seen from a dis tance ' 4 Yes, that was it; I ought to have looked, hut I dared not take my eyes from the path,' Oriann said. 4 Was it not dangerous to run down the side of that precipice ?' he asked, i desiring to give the conversation another topic. I * Hot so much as it would seem. I There is a path that I know pretty : well. I have often run down the Devil's Head before now,' she replied, laughingly. By this time she had partially re covered her composure and was walking beside him with that graceful, gliding motion he had admired on seeing her enter her drawing-room the previous evening. Exercise had heightened her colour, giviug an exquisite rose tint to the suowy fairness of her skiu. llich furs wero round her throat, aud on her head was z cap of sable which she wore with as much dignity as if it wore a crown. Beneath it the deep red of her hair rippled back to where it was wound j in a simple coil. I 4 The Devil's Head is a favourite spot of mine,' she said. 4 On summer days I sit there for hours.' .'Heading?1 4 Dreaming.' 4 Of what ?' Kigel inquired. 4 The impossible,' replied Oriana. 4 To you everything should be pos sible,' he remarked, without a trace iu his voice of that flippant flattery which the words might have conveyed if spoken by another. 4 Why do you say that?' 4 Because, if I am not much mis taken, you have a strong and persistent will; and my belief is that such ajvill eau invariably gain its wish.' 4 If that were only true,' she said, in a' low eager voice that seemed full of anxious wilfulness. 4 A serious thought is never lost; for good .or evil it affects ourselves; it affects those around us.' Add de sire to it and you give it vitality, just as when a soul is added to a body it exists. And once this thought lives, it labours to fulfil its'mission, to gain its ends.' 'If that were really so she said, as if absorbed iu viewing some imaginary picture. ' What would happen in your case ?' he asked. ' Strange things,' she answered gravely. ' I feel sure that no man ever achieved his position, wealth, or ambi tion, who did not ardently and per sistently long for it; before gaining his desire it dominated his life.' ' It is a strange theory,' said Oiiana. \- ' But does it not seem feasible ?' ' If it were true every man would win his wish.' ' Hot at all. It is not everyone who has sufficient strength of will, or suffi cient patience to persist in his desire. The majority abandon their longings as useless, when not immediately gratified, a thousand new wishes that in turn fall still-born are allowed to usurp the place of one dominant longing. Some day munkind will realise that thought may be as powerful as action.' A sudden, indescribable light cninc into Oriana's eyes as she turned them to him and asked, ' Have you gained your desires ?' Tor a second the unexpected question startled him. ' Hot yet,' he answered. ' And do you dream of obtaining them ?' i ' Your cry roused me from an old dream just now. But tell me,' Eigel went on hurriedly, lest she might make further inquiries, 1 why the Devil's Head is a favourite place of yours ? Is it because of the view it gives of the hills and valleys ?' ' Ho, no. I hate them,' she answered promptly. ' Cau you understand a per son having a feeling of antagonism towards inanimate things ? Well, I have come to detest the valleys because their peacefulncss is an eternal re- j preach to my own restlessness, anil I loathe that chain of mountains because it shuts me out from the world. Yet it's something in the view that attracts me ; but you would never guess what it is.' 4 Then tell me, said Kigel, who was intensely interested in her words. 4 The sight of the roads.' "The roads?' 1 Yes, they fascinate me. Up there you can see them for miles and miles as they wind through the valleys and cross the hills, stretching away towards j cities where life is lived. I sit and j watch them for hours ; I travel by them in imagination, and they lead me by strange ways to the surging world beyond, where there is freedom for mind and heart, where the fulness of life may be lived.. Her words were uttered with increas ing rapidity, her manner had become agitated. 4 Want of experience leads you to overlook the fact that great cities are ecu ti es of terrible miseries, that for many men and innumerable women within their walls life is a prolonged tragedy. Thousands who began their career in innocence aud with fair prospects arc now weighed down by intolerable burdeus of wrong, of crime, of shame, of sorrow, of remorse ; aud to them the peace that frets you would seeui as the heaven they once dreamt of, but now despair of entering.* 4 Hut they have lived their lives,' she said, passionately. 4 They know.* 4 And their kuowledge is their burden.' Oriaua sighed impatiently, whilst Kigel remained silent. Her words had saddened him, for he recognised in the imagination, the restlessness, aud the longing she expressed, the dangerous temperament that makes a genius or ruins a life. He had known two individuals cursed with such a spirit; one who lived in the full sunshine of the world's fame, the other 'who had died impenitent, rebellious, and for saken iu a hospital ward; misery was the lot alike of her who was envied and of her who had been despised. He assured himself it was well that Oriaua would soon have a husband's love and care to guard her, the strong bold of a home to secure her from a peril that was most dangerous because coming from within. 4 When you are married you can in dulge your taste for travelling,' Kigel remarked, 4 and see the wide world if you will.' * Philip hates travelling,' she replied quickly. 4 He dislikes cities, and thinks there is no place in the world like this prison. Put that is merely one of many things oh which we differ.' 4 You can influence hiui.' 11 doubt that; for he has a stubborn will.' 41 am sure he will do all he can to make tou happy,' said Kigel, who became more ami more anxious con cerning her future. 4 So am 1, for he is kiud and good : hut it may not be in his power. There are some people who with all their wil lingness to serve, eauuot please us. It is not their fault, nor ours; it is the lack of that bond we spoke of last cveuiug, that wan? of response to our iumost selves. And that makes all the difference in the world.7 Rigel made no reply ; he was afraid to tread on dangerous ground. 4 Philip tells me,7 she said, after a minute's pause, 4 that you arc going to stay some time.' 4 He asked me to remain as long as 1 liked.7 4 Then I hope you will not quickly tire of us.' 41 trust you will not fiud me guilty of such had taste.7 41 expected to sec him this morning,7 Oriana remarked. 4 He was engaged with his agent when I came out.7 4 He is terribly practical. I wished to give him this note,7 she said, takiug from her pocket the envelope she had waved to Kigel from the Devil's Head. 4 If you will trust it to me I will give it to Philip.' As she handed it to him he glanced at the direction written in a thin scrawling haud, its capitals adorned with flourishes. 4 It's uot my writing,' Oriana said, laughingly; 4 It doesn't seem characteristic of jou,' Kigel commented. 4 My character is a puzzle, oven to myself. Do you know,' she said, with, suddcu impulsiveness, 41 think I could be very good, or the other thing.' . 4 It's so with most of us. Saints aro few,' ltigel observed. ' I have always given the martyrs a higher place. I pity all who suffer, especially when their suffering comes from within. Theirs is the greatest pain.' There was something in her words, pathetic in themselves, that spoke of an iutimate knowledge of suffering. He looked at her as she walked beside him, radiantly healthy, perfectly beautiful, and he vrondercd what the cause could be that had given a note of personal expression to her words. "Was it that when too late to break it she had fouud her engagement to Philip distasteful ? 4 From what you say I imagined it's better to be a saint than a martyr,' said liigel, striving to give a light turn to the conversation. 4 What if the martyrdom were forced upon you? But see?' she added ab ruptly, as they caught sight of her home, 4 how far I have brought you. I did not think we were within miles of the cottage. It's such a relief to talk to someone ; only don't judge me by everything I say. I will not ask your to come any further. Good day; and pray come and see me very soon.' She shook hands with him in a rapid nervous manner, and hurried away before he could reply. He stood for a couple of seconds watching her figure with its graceful upright carriage before returning. Her conversation, that suggested more than it expressed, perplexed him. A haunting sense of her restlessness, some suspicion of the violent emotions underlying her nature, aroused his anxiety. And now she had left him he remembered the impression ' of fear she had given him the previous evening. She occupied his thoughts during his homeward walk. On entering the castle he met Philip, and handed him the note, stilting who had given it to him. As he mcutioued Oriaua's name an expression of dis pleasure came iuto Ills face. 4Did you meet her by appointment?' he asked abruptly, suspicion in his keen, blue eyes. Itigel looked at him in surprise. 4 We met by accident,' he answered, turning away. His reply seemed to mollify tho baronet's temper. 4 Look here,' he called out; 4 she has made her father return the cheque I sent him this morning. By Jove, that must have gone against his grain,' and he laughed heartily. [TO BE COXTIXUED NEXT WET.S.1 