A HAUNTED INN. I am sorry, sir, but all the rooms are taken.* It was the landlord of the little inn at L who spoke. * That is, all hut one,' he added, ' and that, I suppose, you would not care to occupy.* ' Why not?' replied I. 1 Well, you see, it's haunted,' leturned the landlord, lowering his voice to a whisper as ha spoke I wag tired, and, besides, being naturally incredulous on the subject of ghosts, engag-ed the roam without further conversation. A very quaint and attractive little place was the village of L — , nestlin ? so snugly in the vaMey, and this inn e was a great resort for those who wished to escape the noise and bus'.le of the world; and in consfqnence on this autumnal evening the inn wa<3 fiMc-d My luggage having been sent up to my room, I sat with the landlord in his bar-room, conversing and smoking the fragrant Hnvanas whie-h I brought along with me, thinking I should not find them in such an out-of-the- way place. Among other topics we soon found ourselves conversing about tbe haunted room, and I prevailed on the landlord o, to tell tbe story. He at first hesitated, but when I told him that I should like to hear its history before I occupied it he began bis tale : ' It was a stormy r ight in October when a coach came up to the door, from which there alighted a gentleman aud a lady. They had come in great haste, for I could see by the light of the lantern that the horses were all of a tremble. ' Tbe gentleman was wrapped in a heavy cloak, and I could distinguish nothing but a pair of fierce bl^ck eyes. I did not have time, however, to take a long survey, for he strode imperiously towards me and demanded a room. The woman, I noticed rather dreaded r him, for I conld 6ee through the veil a pale, scared look u pon her face. I assigned them tbe room you aro to occupy, end left them. 'In the morning the gentleman appeared and without making any remark, paid hi6 bill and departed. I thought it rather strange that ho nhouM go alone, but something in hi eyes told me not to address him about it. ' He had scarcely been gone an hour when the maid came hurrying downstaiis, almost breathless with fright hut suddenly she burst out with u torrent ef words »n which I could only distinguish 'murdered 3* 4 .* Who's murdered 1 ' asked I. And then I drew from her tlmt the strange lady was lying dead upoa her led. ' Entering the room, I saw that it. was indeed too true ; there, stretched half acrosB the b*>d, her head evidently struck with a heavy blunt instrument, lay the lady, dead. ' She was buried the next day, and all that could be done to find her relatives or the strange gentleman was in vain. ' Ever since the servants are afraid <o venture near it, because they say it is haunted by the strange lady,' Thus closed my boat's story, and as it was quite late, I rose and requested ro be shawn to my room. 'Now,' said the landlord, as be lighted my candle, "' I can accommodate you with a bed upon the floor, if you desire it.* ' No,' said I, for I had tao much pride to retreat, ' I will tak* the room.' ' Well t if yon are found de«d in the morning, it will be no fault of wine.' We bad reached the door by this time, and bidding me good-night, my host departed. I 0|»ered the door and walked in j it was a low roam, with the old-fashioned txd and tush-bottomed chairs, and through the window the moonlight cast weird shadows over the room, making it look so gh«Btly that I must confess that but for my pride I should have gone back ; but there was no help for it, so I eat down for a while and Rineked to dispel the thoughts which wonld intrude themselves in spite of all that I could do. Finally closing the door, but not fastening it, far there was no lock, I jumped into bed. Still 1 could not sleep for some time. T tried all methods to woo the drowsy god, till at last I was successful. How long I slept I know not, but I suddenly found myself broad awake, while there was a strange stillness in the room, almost unnatural ; a draught of air threw a cold chill over me, and I saw, with astonishment, that my chamber door was open. Starting with painful intensity, as if expecting something—for I could not turn my eyes awa}*—1 saw a whiterobed 6gure glide softly along tbe floor. Directly towards the bed it came. A moment more t and I felt a cold, icy touch on my hand, and, it seemed, a clutch upon my throat, slowly but surely strangling me. I had almost fainted, when, with a sudden, quick effort, I made a desperate struggle and sprang from the bed. As I did so I felt myself grasDed about the arms again, and a cold breath passed over my face, and the word 1 Revenge!' fell upon my ear, and the figure drew me along till it stood opposite the old fire-place, and touched a small knob upon the wall above, which disclosed an aperture, and in ic a box labelled ' Woodfeil Ames.' A moment more, and I was alone, the sunlight pouring into my chamber. I rubbed my eyes, and tried to get together my scattered recollections; and at last I succeeded, and, full of bewilderment, presented myself at breakfast. * Well, s» you are alive after all!' said the landlord, evidently astonished ' Yes,' eaid I. ' I did not experience much trouble.' As I intended to stay at the inn two or three days, I determined to keep the room—tG see the end of tbe whole matter. The second night passed as the first, and I resolved to investigate the aperture in tbe wall, if there was anv, which I hardly balievrd. Bat, feeling over the wall, what was my astonishment to see the same small door spring open, and disclose that sam« box! To seize the box was the work of an instant, and, opening it, I perused the papers. They were deed* of some valuable estate and were quite old. They were drawn in favor of Ames, Elmdale Grange. I said nothing to anyone, but kept my own counsel. Casmlly speaking to my host, 1 asked him if be knew of a place called Elmdale or of anyone called Ames. ' Oh, yes. Thai's another story of this village, in which old Amei's ion was deprived of S)me necessary deed,' Le replied. « it was a deworight shame, for he was a nice, noble young mas, and the estate is now in the hands ef a villain. If any ir.an deserves hanging he does,' he Jerc^ly muttered. 1 Yes, the mean, low, scheming rascal ! Pray pardon my warmth,' said he ; ' but it is enough to set anyone crrzy, thinking about that young Ames slaving like a dog, while tliis villain lords it in Ames's lawful wealth.' These events caused me to prolong my stay, and I made up my mind to see the whole mystery entirely cleared, t took a walk over to Elmdale, and could not help but admire its beautiful grounds and the extent of its domain. As I passed the entrance I perceived an elegantly dressed man sauntering up the wide path, carelessly clipping tbe top of the grasa with his case. He [ rightly guessed, was the proprietor. From the man's evil face and tbe evident delight with which he used bis cane I knew that the landlord had not miejudged him. Hearing a btep behind me, I turned and beheld a young man in the aitire of a labourer. That tho proprietor had s heard him alsc, and that he knew him was evident, for he bowed, with a racckiog smile. The young man kept on without replying to the salutation, which, however, did not disconcert the careless stranger, for he walked as leisurely as befo/e, »nd disappeared within the house. These, thought I, were the tw contestants for the property. 1 Bat,' I said, mentally, looking towards tbe house, ' I shall have something to do with it, your triumph will not be l«ng.' I reached the inn in time for FHpper, and sought my own room, this time, however, with a determination to keep nw»ke. Wbio the figure appeared I kept my fears under strong control, and saw what I had not noticed before in in}' terror, that the ghostly hsnd seemed rather like fl«sh nud blood. It we.it through tbe same actions as before, hut I seized its liRnd, and, not catching it very tight, it slipped from 023' grasp. leaviBg in my hand a ring. The next morning I examined, unobserved, the hands of the maid whe bad shown me to tny room on my arrival. I knew she was accustomed to wear a ling, and T saw it was gon»\ Afterwards 1 liund her looking quite anxiou&ly; about the dift-rent room*. ' Hdve you lost anything V asked I. ' Yes, sir ; a ring,' she replied. ' la this it ?' at tbe same time taking the ring Irom my pocket. ' Yes,' the eagerly returned, and held out her hand for it. 4 Stop a motneut,' said I. « Do you know Woodfeil Ames V • Yes,' said ebe, growing quite pale and scartd-looking. f Why, everyone knows him.' I looked at her rather sternly, and telling her about my discovery, I managed to work upon her fears, and she confessed that she hai stelen the deeds from Ames's library, at the in stigation of the prcacuc proprietor, Orville Glenn. She was a servnnt at Elmdale at that time, and, being dazzled by a tempting bribe, had committed tbe deed. She was afterwards discharged on some ground, and came .to the inn to live. Where she had put the papera she had forgotten, aod thinking so much about tbem, she mast have got up in her sleep and gone to where she had laid them. I informed the landlord of my proceedings, and y ung Ames was soon installed in his proper place. The maid became afterwards cured of her sl«ep-walking, and the chamber c«ased to be ' haunted.' In regard to my best's tale, I am usable to say whether he was laboring under a delusion or not, but I know that the spectre I saw was one of pure flesh and blood. An Irish militiaman, while at musketry, was singularly C3nsistent in never hitting a target. What are you firing at, man ? wrathfully exclaimed the musketry instructor, who was standing near a freshly-tarred gate some distance from the target. I'm firing at the gate, your honor, was the reply. What gate, you fool ? said the musketry instructor, who had been nearly hit on one or two occasions during Fat's practising. The tar-gate, your honor, replied Fat, with charming simplicity. 