By Miss M. E. BRADDON. Author oE "Lady Audley's Secret,"' "The Fatal Three," "The Day Will Gome," "Lost for Love," "The Doctor's Wife," "Whose was the Hand 2" "One Life, one Love," "Thou Art'the Man," "Sons of Fire." Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IX.—(Continued.) That was all. There were no tender words, though the letter told her for the first time that he had loved her. Had loved_lier ! His love was dead now, she thought. It had withered at her cruel accusation. She to believe him guilty—she who had known him in, his boy hood, she who had spent those. happy days with him on board the ship. Could she as sociate the idea of a horrid crime with the man she had loved and admired and believed in only a few weeks ago ? She hated herself for her conduct of yesterday. There had been time for her to repent of her weak-mindedness, her folly in believing that hateful Queen's counsel, and all those wretches who were .in such haste to condemn a man of whom they know nothing. Of whom they knew nothing. ; Yet, that was their excuse for harsh judgment. But that she, his playfellow of old, his friend of a few weeks past—she who knew every line in his face, every tone in his voice—that she could think him a murderer! Well it only served to prove what a poor brainless creature she was. "A woman with brains would never have - misjudged him," she'told herself. All her ideas about him had altered since yesterday. It needed only for her to see him and hear him for her feelings and convictions to change; not at first, not in a moment, bub in those long houra in which she had lain in her darkened room with aching heart and aching head that no tonic treatment could . cure, recalling his looks and words, living over ' again that terrible interview which she had meant to be their last. • ■ _ " She had condemned him upon circumstantial evidence like those other indifferent judges who had prated about the closeness of the net- . work of circumstance which enmeshed him. She had recalled the change in his mood a few days before the vessel came into port—his gloomy manner, his curious avoidance of-her,: his absent-minded and troubled air the morn ing they parted, the. morning of Christmas Eve. She remembered his agitation upon ' reading the report of the murder, how he had j, stood before her ghastly and speechless. On-' such evidence as this, strengthened by the. details in the newspapers and the almost' universal opinion of his guilt, Mary Freeland had condemned him. She. hated herself now for her willingness to think evil. "A woman whose love was worth having;, would have trusted him in spite of the world," she thought. "How he must despise me— what a poor creature he must think me." / She read his contempt for her between the lines of his letter. His allusions to that dead woman —the woman he had loved for' years and who had been to him as a wife—stung Mary Free land.to the quick. She was jealous of hisregard ; for that poor ghost. • "She would have acted like a heroine," thought Mary, "and I have acted like a fool. He can never care for me again. He may want to clear himself. from that hideous « charge, to make me repent my words,' but not for love of ime, only from a man's natural pride in bis own character. He wants to clear himself for his own sake, not for mine." ' There was no address upon Arnold's letter, or Mary would have written to him that night in her subjugation of spirit. She would have; written upon her knees to implore his pardon. She could know no happiness in life till she was reconciled to him. The next morning she was really ill, and Dr. Tresillian-Smith brought in a brother ; practitioner later in the day for a consultation. As an inmate of his house in his wife's charge, almost a ward, he was particularly anxious about her. _ " She has looked languid and miserable ever since she has been with us,"'he told the physician, "thousrh she would never confess to feeling ill. Nothing my wife could do to put her in good spirits was of any use, We were told she was a high-spirited lively girl; but I really don't believe such a doleful young woman ever came into a house." _ "A love aifair,: no doubt," said the doctor, and having determined that the mind was out of gear he straightway prescribed for the cure of the body, which, after ah, seemed the more important element in the matter. "The poor child has fretted herself into a low fever," he said. "I should take her to the east coast if I were you, Smith, as soon as you get her up again, and let her ride or play £ol£ for a month or two." . 