Some Curious Wills. There is an entertaining article in " The National Observer" on curious wills, and the writer gives a Jew instances. Thus, Henry Earl of Stafford inserted the following in his testamentary disposition :—" I give to the worst of women, who is guilty of all ills—the daughter of Mr Grammont, a Frenchman—whom I have unfortunately married, five and forty brass halfpence, which will buy her a pullet for her supper —a greater sum than her father can often make over to her—for I have known when he had neither money nor credit for such a purchase, he being the worst of men and bis wife the worst of women. Had I known their characters I had never married their daughter nor made myself unhappy." Another gentleman bequeathed to the partner of his joys and sorrows his " bitter contempt for her infamous conduct, and nothing more," and the notorious Colonel Nash ordered that au annuity of £50 should be paid to the bellringers of Bath Abbey on the condition that they muffled the clappers of the bells and rang them dolefully for 12 hours on each anniversary of his wedding day. The following words were used by a nobleman who died in London in June, 1791, and whose descendants still remain : " Seeing that I have had the misfortune to be married to the aforesaid Elizabeth, who, ever since oar union, has tormented me in every possible way : that, not content with making game of all my remonstiances, she has done all she could to render my life miserable : that heaven seems to have sent her into the world only to drive me out of it : that the strength of Samson, the genius of Homer, the prudence of Augustus, tbe skill of Pyrrhus, the patience of Job, the philosophy of Socrates, the subtlety of Hannibal, the vigilance of Hermogenes would not suffice to subdue the perversity of her character, that no power on earth can change her. seeing we have lived apart during the last eight years, and that the only result, hns been the ruin of my son, whom she has corrupted and estranged from me. Weighing maturely and seriously all' these circumstance?, I have bequeathed and I bequeath to my said wife Elizabeth the sum of one shilling, to be paid unto her within six months after my decease." The uncertainties and disappointments of life, the insincerity of friends and the slights of the world have often so worked on men's minds as to cause them in their wills to set forth their estimate of earthly things, and so to enlighten posterity by revealing to it the last impressions of a cynic or a philosopher. Thus Phillip, fifth Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, who lived in the first half of the seventeenth century, gave the following curious directions in his will : " I give my body : to Mother Earth. Even if I would I could uot keep it, for it is plain the chirurgeons are tearing it to pieces. Bury me, therefore. I hold churches and lands enough for that. Item : I will have no monument, for then I must needs have verses over my carcase; during my life I had enough of these. Item : I give my two best saddle horses to tbe Earl of Denbigh, whose legs methinks must soon begin to fail him. As regards my other cattle, I bequeath them to Lord Fairfax that when Cromwell takes away his commission be may still have horse to command. Item : I give all my wild beasts to the Earl of Salisbury, being very sure tha*. he will preserve them, seeing that he refused the King a doe out of his park. Item : I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make him this legacy willingly, because I know that he will faithfully distribute it unto the poor. Item : Seeing that I did menace a certain Henry Mildmay but did not thrash liim, I do leave the sum of fifty pounds sterling to the lacquey that shall pay unto him my debt. Item : I give to the Lieutenant-General Cromwell one of my words, the which he must want, seeing that he has never kept any of his own. Ilem : I give to the wealthy citizens of London, and likewise to the Presbyterians and nobility, notice to look to their skins. Item : I give up the ghost." Another testament in the same straiu was that of Mr Edward Wortley Montagu, son of the famous Lady Mary of that name. Among celebrated bequests of his was an insignificant sum of money to a relative, a noble earl, with the remark i " I do not give his lordship any further part of my property, because tbe best part of that he has taken already." He also left to Sir Robert Walpole his " political opinions, never doubting he can well turn them into cash, who has always found such au excellent market for his own." Some wills have been arrogant, as when Turner directed his body to be interred in Westminster Abbey ; some satirical, as when Swift left the bulk of his fortune to found an Irish Lunatic Asylum; some fantastic, as when a Scottish gentleman left each of his two daughters their weight in £1 -notes (one turned the scale at £57,000 and the other at £51,000); some Drief and business-like, as when Arkwright (the inventor), dying in 1792, said simply, " I bequeath to my son- in-law, Sir R. Wigram, one million sterling"; some patriotic,as when Sir Charles Hastings directed his body to be buried without a coffin and the place planted with acorns, that he might render a last service to his country by giving nourishment to some good English oaks ; and some scientific, if gruesome, as when Jeremy Bentham bequeathed his body to a hospital, with instructions that bis skeleton should be prepared and cleaned, and his head preserved entire, and that he should, when thus treated, preside at the meetings of the hospital directors. 