CLIMvPSESOF SHADOWLAND THE LAND OF GHOSTS. BELIEFS, AS TO THE :PARTING OF SOUL AND BODY. STORY ABOUT A SUPERNATURAL WARNING. WHY GHOSTS WALK, IF. EVER THEY DO. It has long been a popular belief that the soul does not leave the body until several minutes after apparent death, and that it finally takes its departure through the mouth in the shape of a little white cloud. The supposed es cape of the soul in this way gave rise to the idea that the vital principle might be transferred from one person to an other. Witches.on their beathbeds se lected a trusty successor, and breathing into her-mouth, transmitted with their last breath the familiar. s Irit. 'the presence of pigeon or game fea there is supposed to be a hindrance to the exit of the soul. In England a Sus sex nurse once told the wife of a clergy man that she never did - see any one die so hard as Master Short. She thought there must be game feathers in the bed. So she tried to pull it from under him, but he was a heoavy- man, and she could not manage it:alone, and there n-as none with him but herself, and so got a rope and tied it around him, and pulled him right off the bed, and he "went-off in a minute quite comfortable. just like a lamb." There is also a Hindoo and lIahommedan belief that no one can die peaceably except when laid in mother earth. In India the dying are always taken from their bed and laid upon the ground. Among seafaring mon on the east coast of England it is delieved that the soul takes its departure during the failing of the tide. Much weeping for the dead is saidtoi disturb the peace of the soul. A Ger man song tells hown a sister wept inces 'antly over her brother's grave. At last her tears became intolerable to the de ceased, because he was detained on earth by her excessive weeping, and suf fer.d thereby great torment. In a fit of desperation he cursed her, and in conse quence of his malediction she was chang ed into a cuckoo, so that she might al ways lament for herself. People who believe in the re-appear ance of disembodied spirits find great difficulty in agreeing upon the weight and substance of apparitions. Most agree that the spirit retains the same bodily appearance as it lhad when in the flesh, immediately prior to death. Modern spiritualists put the weight down at three ounces. It is diflicult, however, to reconcile the vaporous shape and intangible form with the heavy tread which occasionally makes stairs creak and boards resound. Just ias souls are possessed of visible forms so they are generally supposed to have voices though less audible than when in life. - The Algonquin Indians of North America profess to hear the shadow soulseof the dead chirp like crickets. Appearances immnediately after death. in actlori, to friends at a distance are among the best authenticated of super natural appearances. Captain G. F. Russell Colt; of Gartsherrie, Coatbridge, Scotland, is authority for the following: "I was at Ihome in Inveresk House, in Mid- Lothian, for my holidays. My bro ther Oliver who wao lieutenant in the Seventh Royal Fusiliers, and about 19 3eare. cf age, was then before Sebasto pol. Ie had been writing in low spirits, not being well, and I, to cheer him up, jokingly wrote that if anything happen ed to him he must let Inme know by ap pearing to me in my room, where we had often sat together as boys, and indulged in pipe and chat This letter I found subsequently he had received, just prior to going into the- intrenchments, frotm whirh Ihe never returned. It was the Sth September 1555, at the storming of the Redan, that hie fell, struck by a bullet in the temple. He was found afterward prolpped up by othler dead bodies in a sort of kneeling position. -"That night I awoke suddenly and saw, facing the window of my room, by my bedside, surrounded by a light sort of phosphorescent mist, as it were, my brother kneeling. I tried to speak, hut could not utter a sound. By degrees, as I recovered from my astonishment, I de cided it must be a fancy, and the moon light playing on a towel or something out of pilace. But looking up, there he was again;, looking imploringly and sadly.at me. I sprang out of bed and glanced through the window, and saw that there was no moon, and it was very dark atnd raining hard. This 1 could tell by the sound against the panes. I turned and still saw Oliver. I shut my eyes and walked to the door of my room. As I turned the handle before leaving I look ed baclt once more. The apparition turn ed his head slowly, and looked anxiously and lovingly at me. and.I saw then for the first time, oil the right temple, a wound with a red stream flowing from it. His face was a waxy, pale tint, buit transparent looking: so was the reddish mark. But it is almost impossible to de scribe his appearance. I only know that I shall never forget it. "I left the room and went into a friend's room and lay on the sofa the rest of the night. I told him why: I told oth ers in the house, but lwhen I told my father hlie told me not to repeat such non sense, and especially not to let my mother know. "On the Monday following the news came of the storming of the Ste dan, -but tio particulars. I told my friend to let ine know if he saw Oliver's name among- the -killed and - wounded before I did. About a fortnight later he came with a very grave face into my room in my mother's house in Athole Crescent in Edinburgh. I said, " I sup pose it is to tell me the saddest news I expect?' and lie said 'Yes.' Both the Colonel of the regiment and one or two omcers who saw the body confirmed the fact of the appearance as much as I had described itand the death wound was exactly where I had seen it." Well authenticated cases where people have been warned of their coming death by-spirit appearances are innumerable. - Such, for instance, is the celebrated Lyttleton ghost story. Among this class the following is re markable: Dr. W. and Sir P., both clergymen and graduates of Oxford, had been close friends during their university career. Dr. W,.remained a fellow of his college for many years after his friend P. had taken a country living some eighteen miles from Oxford, where he resided as a bachelor. About the year 1815 Dr. W. had an ex5 traordinary dream, or vision. It was in November, and he was in residence in college. - He had seen his friend P.'si face, pale and suffused with pain. He awoke with .a suffocating feeling, but soon went to sleep again..- He then dreamed that Mr P. appeared-once more to him, with his features drawn, his eyes glazed and very wide open, with an expression of deep fear on his countenance, ahd that P ex claimed several times:-"W., they are burying me! W., they are burying me!" So deep was the imnpression made upon him that he resolved to ride over to Mr P.'s rectory the followiing day. Pressing work, however, kept ilim from doing so, and In due course he went to bed and arose as usual the next morning. After breakfast as he was sitting by the fire, he hearti a tap at the door. Thinking It was his servant he called out. "Come In," without looking around, and con tinued readiing. Hie heard, as he be lievsed, the door open the next minute. P.'s familiar voice wiispered in his ear, "it'.. they are hurying me!" Starting up he found tiCe door shut and no one in the room. Greatly perplexeti and alarmed, hle sent far his horse and rode at once tee his friend's residence. As he neared the house he noticed a plumed heat-se and pair of horses standing on the gravel be fore the front door. On Intqurlng of the earvants, Dr. W, found that his old friend was in fact dead, and tClit tCie comn had hee' finSl ly screwed daoin. !Stooping down,'owvever, ,to kiss his forehead, he.at oncenoticed the absence of thatt pculiar and unmistakable odor which dlstinguishes the death chamber. He then put his ear to the body's breast and lips, and exclaimed: "Surely he breathes; this is not death; it is a trance. P., do you hear me?" There was at once a slight-a very slight-paroxysm visible at one corner of the mouth; at least, so it seemed to him. Dr. W. peremptorily forbade the funeral, and, after some discussion with the relatives, the body was taken from the coffin and placed in a bed. Restora tives were applied, and. though the trance lasted for three days, within a week of Dr. W.'s visit AMr P. had re gained consciousness, and lived for nine years afterward. All sorts of reasons have been given why ghosts vander.: Among the Greeks it was believed that unless the corpse had the necessary fee to pay Charon for being ferried over the River Styx, it was condemned to wander about the banks of the.river for 100 years. In later times it was usually deemed to be lack of Christian burial, or the result of wickedness when on earth, as in the case of the German ghost known as the bleeding nun. This' was a nun, who, after committing many crimes and de baucheries, was assassinated by one of her paramours and denied the right of burial. After this she used to haunt the castle where she was murdered, with her bleeding wounds. On one occasion a young lady of the castle, willing to es cape with her lover, in ordertomakeher flight easier, impersonated the bleeding nun. Unfortunately the lover, while ex pecting the lady under this disguise. eloped with the spectre herself and was haunted by her ever afterward. On the other hand, the spirits of the good are said to return sometimes for the purpose of aiding the innocent or avenging the guilty. Then again there is tile well-known Bie esford ghost tale, in which Lord Tyrone and hiss r.lank figure as the principals. They were orphans and educated together in the principles of deism. When they were about 14 years cld their preceptor died, and their new guardian tried to persude them to em brance revealed religion. The boy and girl stuck to deism, but they made a compact that he or she who died first should appear to the survivor to declare what religion was most approved by the Supremne.ieing. Miss Blank married SL Martin Beresford. One day she appear ed at breakfast with a pale face and a black band around her wrist. On her death-bed she explained how Lord Tyrone had appeared to her immediately after hlis death and correctly prophesied her future: how he had also touched her wrist-his hand being as cold as marble -and caused the sinews to shrink up and every nerve wither. The ribbon is still in the possession of the Beres ford family, every member of which to tile present hour will attest the truth of the narration. Different explanations of these appear ances have been put forward from time to time. Dr. Hammond. in his.work on "Nervous Derangement," cites the fol. lowing case:-"A lady of highly nervous temperament one day, intently think ing of her mother and picturing to her self her appearance as she looked when dressed for church, happening to raise her eyes, say her mother standing before her, clothed as she imagined. In a few minutes the apparition disappeared, but she soon found that she had theability to recall it at will, and that the power existed in regard to many other forms, even those of animals and of inanimate objects. She could thus produce the image of any person on whom she strongly concentrated her thoughts. At last she lost control of the operation, and was constantly subject to hallucinations of sight and hearing. 