HOMES FOR THE PEOPLE. TO THE EDITOB. . . Sib, — Now that the permanence of this ?gold field is assured and the pioneers are :brin£fing over their wives and families, it is time to devise means for replacing ' the miserable hessian humpies, really unfit for human habitation, by comfortable cottages. But for the pitiful Jack of public spirit in Kalgoorlie, a building society with this objecb in view would have been started long ago. When I speak of building societies I do not mean the type of building society which would afford a happy hunting ground for Jabez Balfour or other financial pirates of that ilk. I allude to the Bowkett type, which has been expressly designed to render speculation, extortion, and fraud absolutely impossible. It is a friendly society, pure and simple. Societies of this type have practically rebuilt several milling camps in the eastern colonies, besides flourishing in agricultural centres such a3 Mildura. As this type of building society is practically unknown in West Australia, I beg leave to describe it, as I feel sure that once under stood it has a wide sphere of usefulness before it. Imagine a typical society of 1000 members, each of whom is free to take from one to four shares, but no more than four. Each share involves the payment of 2s per week subscription, and coufers upon the possessor the ri^ht to ballot, for a loan of £100, without interest, repayable as to the principal by weekly instalments of, say, 8s per week for each £100 advanced. With 1000 shamfcnlrWn holding, say, one share each and paying in respect . thereof a weekly subscription of 23 per share, it is obvious that at the end of three weeks there would have accumulated the sum of £300. An appropriation meeting would then be called and the members would ballot for two separate Ioan3 of £100 each. The right to the third loan of £100 would be put up to auction, amongst the members only, and the highest bidder would secure it. Say £10 is the highest bid for a loan oE £100, without interest, repayable bj' weekly instalments of 8s per week, then the bidder would secure the loan and the premium of £10 would be utilised by the society for the payment of office rent, advertising, and other unavoidable expenses. Besides this a small annual, concrioution tor ottiee expenses is levied. All loans, be it remembered, whether won by ballot, or purchased at auction, can only be used for the purchase of suitable buildings already erected, or for the erection of new buildings. In the second term of three weeks another sum of £300 accumu lates, which is distributed in like manner and so on. No more than three weeks' sub scriptions can ever accumulate in the society's coffers. It is obvious that during the first year or so only two loans can be balloted for and one sold by auction during each period of three weeks. It mu-^t be re membered, however, that as soon as a loan has been granted repayments commence directly. It is also 'obvious that the income from repayments soon far exceeds that from subscriptions, and as soon as the income from the repayments amount3 to £300, this sum is also distributed in three separate loans to separate individuals of £100 each. So the ballots continually take place at even more frequentty occurring intervals. From calculations I have made, I cite as a typical instance the last three weeks of the third year of working. The income from subscriptions remains the same, £300, while the income from repayments on kuns has reached £3Si, giving the society a total income for the three weeks of £(iSi, very nearly sutlicient to furnish seven members with as comfortable a cottage as can be built for £100. Still, later on, as the loans outstanding increase, the ballots come still more frequently, while towards the seventh year the fua comes fast and furious. In about ten years each member has paid in £100, and has received back a £100 cottage. The society then expires, having the glorious reco:d of having in ten years provided 100C members with comfortable homes. It has paid no dividends, made no profits, but it has executed a philantrophic and patriotic work of which its members may feel justly proud. This is the merest outline. If the rules of any cf these Bowkett Building Societies working in the mining camps of North Queensland and other places are con sulted, it will be seen that they are too elaborate to b-i described in a letter to a newspaper, which must necessarily be brief. Anyone who has had experience of them will know that they are thoroughly equit able, and that the mathematical principles on which the society is based, if complicated, are, nevertheless, thoroughly sound. Abun dant provision is made for members who desire to leave the district or to withdraw from the society, while special rules protect the rights of those who may fall sick. The great moral principle underlying the whole is ' self-help by mutual help,' and I believe experience will show that the residents of Kalgoorlie and the Boulder can rise to as high a level in this re=pect as the miners of older camps. AVhen one remembers all that is meant by that sacred word home, and then casts his eye over the congeries of hessian dog kennels that constitute the greater part of Kal goorlie, the need for Kalgoorjie to follow the example of other centres by the establish ment of such a soeietj' as thi3 becomes patent. We have in our midst a number of politicians who are weeping: salt tears over the woes of Kalgoorlie. One at least has discoursed sensibly on tho homes of Kal goorlie. Words to be of any value must be followed by deeds. Now I have thrown out the idea, and it remains to be seen if these political volcanoes in full eruption — Mount Moran, Mount Parsons, and Mount Dwyer — are good for anything more than gas. Let them vie with each other in founding the Kalgoorlie and Boulder Bowkett Building Societj' and launching it on its beneficent mission to rebuilt the homes of the workers. I am prepared to do my part, and once the society is founded I will hold any honorary office I may be desired to fill. An exhaustive book of rules, supplemented by mathematical tables, has been prepared. All is ready. Now, ye politicians, cease weeping crocodile tears, put away your handkerchiefs, take your coats off, and do a little solid and useful graft. The man who founds a society of 2000 members on these lines will be able to proudly boast ten years hence that he has practically rebuilt Kalgoorlie, for he will have built 2000 cottages.— I am, etc, R. M. COCHRANE. Assay Office, Kalgoorlie. Spencer : There goes a woman with a very loud dress. — Ferguson : That is not a loud dress. It is very quiet-looking. — Spencer : It must bo loud. It's- made__of crash. Mrs Kidlcigh : You knew that~CESrlie' Van Tassel came home disgusted from the gold cure ? — Mrs Jollop : Well, it's not surprising. He's a free silver man. you know. ' Weary, did ye notice by th' papers that thousan's of men wuz goin' back to work ?' — 'Well, that'll be a good thing for our bizness.' ' How so ?' ' It reduces compe tition.' ' Those South Americans are so high strung that they want to fight en the smallest provocation.' — Crankshaft : High-geared, I should judge from the number of revolutions they make. Bikes : So you saw a ghost ? Did he say anything to you ? — Sikca : Yes, but I couldn't understand him. — Bikes : Why ? — Sikes : Because I never studied the dead languages. ' Those Chicago women keep a fellow guessing.' — 'What is so mysterious about them ?' — ' Well, do they get married in order to secure divorces, or do they secure divorces in order to get married. No one should miss reading the Western Argus. 28 pages of entertaining reading Only 6d. 