I THE]. LADY WHO DOKS THE WASHING. ,-Thuru lives st No, 20, itiv.rdale-road,. Piara «toad, a Mw. J.' Pettett, who has nu interesting experience to relate Mrs.' Pettett has resided iu Piuulstea'i for the last Bix or seven years, nnd is a highly respectable lady, esteemed by the inhabit cuts of che loaality. ? About tl;reo months ego she oanght a chill, wbioh rcsnlttd in pleurii-y and dropsy. An able doctor was aalled, bat she gradually tieoamo worse, enduring aouto agony and growing d illy more and moro enfeebled and wasted-amere shadow of her former seif. Soon lt began to be whispered amongst thu kind friends who ministered by her bed ot sioknesB : '* Tho poor thing oannot be for lung in this w< rid. As a last rerourou tho husband, having heard of tho benefloial effects of Or. Wil- liams' Pink Pills for P.ile People, prooured some of tbeui in tho .oliy. The result (to whioh Mrs. Bellett and : her friends gladly testify) was truly taarvelluus. îihe was quickly trausformed from a helpless, brd-ilddeu, pain-ruoked oreaturo to a strong, «rid healthy woman, who asa to uso a colloquialism, " do u hard day's work at home with any woman." Boforo taking the Pills she had spent puuuils and pounds ou uootors' medfolno but hun Duly reoiivrd momentary relief. 'Jo a West Haili Herald rrpo ter Mrs. Pettett herself gave lniuruialiou ot incalculable survico to suffering huaiauity. - "About three yeara »go.my health," she said, " began to fail ino ; I b.-oamu weak, habitually languid, und depressed/ Life was a burden to me. At jeugth, about a year ago, I consulted my dootor, ou whoso advice 1 took chango of air arid foeno, but they did me no good. My appetite fulled and I heguu lo gradually wa-to away. For some little tlitiei 1 had noticed a peculiar numbness in my hands, whioh were olten as dead to rn«. Shortly bul'oro last Bisier I caught a enid, und plonrisy and .dropsy ensued. My lags and feet were »wallen to. alu.ost twioo their usual size, and tho pl-urisy caused me excruciating pain, I'took to my bed, K'aio ly ublo to move bund or foot J subsisted oa not h ng bite tea aud water. .' Why ubi yuu send for Dr. Willlums' Pills ?" " Wo »'«io iuduced to no to by some neighbors who had tried them, and reponed truly marvellous things o.* thuir efl'-ot ia 'building up' the system. I procured tho l'iils merely as tho last resource. But tto'aesnlta were wonderful. I took three Pills per day ; the nuiubuei-s left me after the first day, and iu tnreu or four days lhu\pluurisy and dropsy hail so lnr gone that I, who hud been hitherto holp'oss as it baby, was able to leave my bed. Ur..dually both pleurisy and dr-.psy disappeared, and they h -vu not tn.uuled nie since. My appetite is now exoellenc ; and I can porfarm all my humo* hold duties, Including tho ' washing.' " . Dr. UilliuniB' 1'iuk Pills nut.iiiccily on tho blood, anu thus it is ibnt they ar« so famous for the oure of ansmia and rheumatism, sbrotula, chronic erysipelas, aud to restore pule and sallow com- plexions to the glow of h'altb. They are also a splondll nerv« und spinal tonic, and thus have oared many esses ot paralysis, locomotor ataxy, neuralgia. St, Vitus' (lance, und nervous headache. '1'huy ure now obtainable of »ll chemists, and I rora Dr. Williams' Medleiuu Company, Queen's Plaae, Sydney, ut 2s Ud a box, or six for 14a Dd, but are genuine < lily with full narnu Dr, Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Peuple. .; ; Tho new Bishop of London liss a keen sense of humour. Daring s confirmât,!,.n tour iu the dlocoío nt Potersborongh, Dr Creighton put np one t vening in an tdd manor house" nud slept in a mom s ipp.imil tn bo haunted, Nixt morning at breakfast, the bishop wm asked whether bo nall seen tho ghost. " Ve»," hn replied with great lolomnlty. but I havo luid tho spirit. It will never trouble yon again." On hoing further interrogated as to what be hid done, the bishop aald, " The ghost in tautly vanished when I asked for a ntibrariplion . towards the restoration, of Patcrsbor.iugli Cathedral." " I wish you would tell mo." Bal l tho agent who had lung been on Mr.Snnggs'a trial, " what is your Insuperable rejection to Inuring your life?" "I don't mind telling yon," raidied Snnggs. "7ho Inca of being more valuabln after I nm dead tl an while I am alive is distasteful to mo." 