The IilffbtUiftt-CMC-MO 1 Shadow. CURIOUS stories are told abotlt thf; pom* possessed by certain natives or IndiA, whfi'liye up among the Himalaya mountain^.:. Theseild men have dev&tedseotesof; yafcrto flifc^ttdy'of natural laws and forces, which the ren ol tle world knows nothing about. Lately 4 Gentian professor visited the "adepts,":os>thes*iqtim Hindus are cbUtfd, for thepurpose'of findlfij6ut the secret of their remarkable berforik'|incfcs.v They treated him rather scurvily, bat intended him all the same;' One day Ihe^preifesaor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manu scripts. An adept went with him wherein the books were kept. The place mil ' dark as the bottom of a well. " I can't see to read here," said the visitor. "Then we wijl have some'Jigh^'w^ me reply, tend immediately (the profetsbr days) a sort pearly light brightened (be cave. He cpuld not tell wbtacg'it'cjme^but lie nbticed Wat'it had one strange quality-it cot( ttotffce alifUot lhadow. ' t This is a story bard to believe, yet its tmwis affirmed by a man of vast learning and.'high character, and you who now read -it hkvfbo reason for doubt except that all the UghtsMH bate seen have cast shadows. Belief or unboief com monly runs parallel with one's owfl: experience. Dr Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the-Cock Lane ghost. < . ... A man who his been ill for years, and failed to find a cure. Is sceptical whett friends tell him. of a medicine which they believe will make him well. - What else but doubt -could result from his experience ? Take an example . ' "In the spring of 1888," writes our corres pondent, .' I fell into a low, weak, and, languid state. I felt low-spirited and out.of sorts.: At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, arid after eating I had a. pain and weight at the chest. "I. was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I sufiered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up my work, but had always a sense of discomfort'. Oft .ana on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard or Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually fit nervousness left me. Although t ha^ no feps^n at firit to feel any confidence in this medicine, never,, having used it or seen it used, I now Sladly admit its value, and its power "over isease. Sincc my recovery, for Which I thank Mothei Seigel's Curative Syrup, I'have been in the best of health and spirits. In the (nterflta of suffering humanity I deem ft a duty to Mfld you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birming ham, June 8th, 1893.' There is a; deal or difference between W, Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The lattter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found iat'his address. Finally, there is nothing mysticior msgioal about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symp toms, forms, or phases of that universal disease -indigestion and dyspepsia,- it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearts and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that* Is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 