A MIRAGE OF MURDER Pacific-street starts in the slums, and run across the city The highest number upon it is 8,626, and the house with which this narrative deals is No. 4,313. It stands therefore, exactly half-way between the abodes of poverty and wealth. At the time of the occurrence herein to be related, it was kept as a lodging and board ing-place for men by Mrs. James Prowitt, whose long expereince had made her keen and wary. Her guests were of all classes and de- scriptions, men rising from the lower street frequently meeting at her table those who were descending from the gentility of the Avenue. One October morning a young man applied to her for a room. She set her little grey eyes sharply upon him, as was her habit, but saw nothing out of the commonplace. She always divided her patrons into three classes—those coming up from near the Bay, those sinking from the Avenue, and the stationary middle-class. She shrewdly placed this one among the second class, but that made little difference to her. He was medium in size, with a frank face and a manner which gave her the impression that he knew what he was about, and was exceedingly wide-awake in doing it He said he was a travelling man, could furnish good references and gave his name as Harry Mulford. " My third-floor front is vacant," Mrs. Prowitt said, " but I usually get fifteen dollars a month for it." " This is entirely satisfactory," Mulford replied. " The price is nothing to me, although I shall not occupy the room more than one night a month But I shall want it kept ready for me, though you are at liberty to use it any night, provided you do not receive word of my coming before six o'clock. I shall pay you in advance, sending you your money by mail on the lost of each month." He drew out his purse, counted 15 dollars upon his knee, and added, " Here is the first month's rent, provided you will let me have the room." Mrs. Prowitt was too keen to let such a chance slip and she quickly closed the trans- cation. Her requirement of references had always been a mere form—often a ruse to get rid of an unpromising applicant. She did not, therefore, ask Mulford for his, considering his money sufficient endorsement. " It is probable^" said Mulford, as he de- livered the money and rose to leave, " that I shall not reappear for several months, and if you do not receive fifteen dollars from me near the first of any month, you will be at liberty to let the room. It is likely that I may send some one occasionally to occupy the room, but he will always bring a note from me." This piece of luck was too good for Mrs. Prowritt to keep to herself, and it was soon a matter for general discission around her tables. A man who could afford to pay for a room with- out occupying it was a rarity at No. 4313, and Mulford became a mystery. The first month passed, and the third-floor front was unoccu- pied, except when Mrs. Prowitt quartered a transient. On the last day of this month a reg- istered letter was delivered to her, from which she drew three crisp five-dollar bills and a note from Mulford, stating that he would soon send a friend to take possession of the room. But when this and several more, months passed, without other sign or representative of Mulford then the regular letters inclosing the bills, the rental of the upper chamber became a sensation. At last, however, one December after- noon a little old man appeared, bringing from Mulford a note which stated his wish that Mrs. Prowitt would place in his room, the article that the bearer would deliver, and to have the apart- ment kept ready tor occupancy. The little old man was quite odd. He was much bent and very grey. His left eye was blind ; but the right, restless and twinkling, together with his whole countenance, made Mrs. Prowitt think he could tell a great deal, if so minded. He was. not so minded, however, and her questions elicited only amusement to which his blindness lent the appearance of continual winking. The article he brought was a large, three- fold Japanese screen, highly decorated with gilt birds, reptiles, and animals disporting them- selves on a sable ground. After the little old man had gone, and Mrs. Prowitt had set the screen in Mulford's room, she went down to the tables to express her opinion that a Japanese screen was a queer article for a young man to tend, and the boarders agreed with her so strongly as to repair to the apartment to inspect it. The screen was ordinary, yet extraordinary, and curiosity played about the bamboo frame as whimsically as the golden decorations within it. A satchel, or a trunk, or even a chair would have aroused simple expectation ; but a Japanese screen, though not uncommon, in a bedroom, suggested something so decidedly out of the commonplace that Mulford's advent was awaited with lively interest. A week passed, however, and, though Mrs. Prowitt kept gas burning in the evenings, had fresh water put daily into the pitcher, and hung clean towels upon the rack, neither Mulford nor his friend appeared. For twelve days she had these preparations made ; but upon the thirteenth Mulford's friend came It was half-past eight when the maid admitted him to the parlour. At this hour all the lodgers were out pursuing their various evening pastimes, except John Baylor, who was practising upon his clarionet in his second- floor room, Mrs. Prowitt went to the parlour expecting to find a young man of about Mulford's age, but she was surprised to see a gentleman of probably 60. He was, however, well-preserved and active and was dressed very much better than any one she had ever lodged. There was an unmistakable air of the Avenue about him that set Mrs Pro- witt to thinking she had seen him before, and to wondering where it had been. He carried a bulging blue-bag of heavy material, and his whole bearing and appearance were those of a busy lawyer. Mrs. Prewitt made these observa- tions distinctly, as was her habit, but, later oc- currences indented them in her mind. In re- lating exactly how the old lawyer filtered the parlour, how he talked, and in describing him, she always had difficulty putting one fact into words. " Somehow," she always said, " he made me creep. He sat right in front of me and he seemed to be then like any other man, but there was something or other about him that made him seem unreal, a kind of strange shadow of a rich old man I had seen upon the Avenue. His vocie, too, sounded kind and unnatural ; some- thing like an echo of a real voice speaking away off somewhere. I thought at first that he was only absent-minded, but the more I looked at him the more plainly I saw that there was some- thing about him I could not explain, and can't now. He gave her a note in Mulford's hand, mere- ly introducing him as the friend who desired to occupy his room for the night, and he would consider it a favour if Mrs. Prowitt would make him comfortable and let him have all he might wish. " Is there anything you want me particular- ly to do ?" Mrs. Prowitt asked him. She has always laid great stress upon the fact that she observed everything that occurred that night accurately, and has been unvarying in her nar- rative. " Is there a table in the room ?" the lawyer asked, absently. " Yes ; Mr. Mulford requested me to put one in for him." " That is well. Then all I wish is to be en- tirely undisturbed. I have many papers to ex- amine tonight," he said, tapping the blue bag " I am engaged on a matter of vast importance to a wealthy estate, and I shall ask you to see that no one is admitted to the room. I am ready to go to work now, if you please." Mrs. Prowitt showed him to the third floor front, turned up the light, and before leaving, saw him take from the bag a large bundle of papers, tied with pink tape, and lay them busily upon the table. He then pulled up a chair and sat down. She noticed that the Japanese screen stood about three feet from the back of his chair, and about two feet from the windows. The weather being cold, the sashes were down and locked, and the lower inside shutters drawn and latched. There was a sheer descent from the windows to the pavement, with no outside ledge below them, so that it was impos- sible for anyone to have entered the room through them. Mrs. Prowitt has been unwav- ering in this statement, as well as in declaring that no one was hidden behind the screen or elsewhere in the room when she admitted the lawyer. It was only a few minutes after nine when she left the old man intently engaged over his papers. On her way downstairs she stopped in Mr. Baylor's room to tell him that Mulford's friend had come She did so, she has said, not because they had all looked for him so long, but because the man had given her a queer feeling of dread that she could not throw off. She naturally wondered what could have brought so rich a lawyer to her house ; but it was not this query that made her uneasy. She told Baylor of this strange impression, and of the fact that, while with the old lawyer in the room, she had a creepy notion that she was en- tirely alone, although he had been plain to her eyes. She noticed that he walked vigorously, but his steps had been surprisingly faint, and the papers had not rattled when he took them from the bag. She was very nervous. She did not believe in ghosts, she declared, but certainly this was the strangest lodger she had ever had in her house. She was afraid some- thing dreadful might happen, and she asked Baylor to keep his door open and to walk up the stairway occasionally and listen. He promised to do so, and she left him. At 11 o'clock she hurried back and said : " Would you mind going with me to Mr. Mulford's room and listen outside the door ? I want to know whether that old man is sleep- ing. I see from the pavement outside that he has turned the gas out." " That cannot be," Baylor answered, excited- ly. " I walked up the stairs not more that five minutes ago and saw his light shining through the transom.' " Saw his light ?" echoed Mrs. Prowitt, in an awed whisper. ''It was just about five minutes ago that I looked from she pavement outside and his windows were dark. Are you sure you saw the light ?" " Yes ; but I could not hear a sound inside the room." " Mr. Baylor, there is something terrible in the air to-night, and can't tell what it is. Let us go up there and listen." They ascended to Mulford's room. Bright light was shining through the transom. Mrs. Prowitt knocked three times, but received no answer. Then she called, but the room remain- ed perfectly silent. " I would like you to look over the transom, Mr. Baylor," she said. " There is something mysterious here." Baylor brought to the door two chairs that were standing in the hall, and, stepping upon one, looked through the transom. He started, and asked Mrs. Prowitt to get upon the other and look. They saw the old lawyer still sitting at the table with bundles of legal papers before him. He was too deeply engaged to notice that his long grey hair had slipped down over his forehead and almost overhung his eyes. As they looked from his peaceful face to the docu- ments before him, Mrs. Prowitt started violent- ly, caught Baylors arm, and said : " Look at his hands. He is making the motions of writing, but there is no pen in his hand. He is ——." She faltered from fright, and Baylor said : " He is a madman, Mrs. Prowitt." " No he is worse than that. He is not a real man. something awful is going to happen to- night, I did quite trust that man Mulford from the start. Why should he have rented this room and not occupied it, if everything had been right. This is terrible. Look here. Did you see the screen move ? " " No, I did not, but ——" He stopped abruptly. For two hands rose from behind the screen, and, catching its ex- treme ends, lifted it from the floor and carried it stealthily towards the old man. They were large and muscular, ugly and grimy—such hands as would delve in the slime and vice of the lower street. With the exception of his hands, the person behind the screen was hid- den until he had carried it noiselessly and stealthily, until it almost touched the old man's chair. There hands stopped it, and stood it securely and instantly a head rose from be- hind it. The terrible face held the two out- side watchers motionless. The vileness and wickedness of the slums was ground into each blotched and bloated feature. The terrible creature looked for some minutes upon the old lawyer with a leer or murderous triumph. Then, with a horrible smile of satisfaction, the man raised his right arm high over the screen, his dirty razor-like hand clutching a dagger. Mr. Prowitt shrank with a scream from the sight and fell to a sitting posture upon her chair ; where Baylor, accused to action, pounced upon the glass of the transom and kicked open the door but the old lawyer continued peace- fully writing at the table, and the assassin was yet stayed in the purpose. With a swift, skil- ful stroke the knife fell, and Baylor saw it stick into the lawyer's breast, saw him writhe upon the chair and fell to the floor. He leaped from the chair and threw himself against the door, but it withstood his force. " Help me here, Mrs. Prowitt," he cried. " The lawyer has been murdered. The door is locked upon the inside. Help me break it in." Their united strength at last broke the lock, and the door swung in. Baylor took one rapid step forward, but stopped upon the sill with a startled cry. The room was dark and silent. No moan or sound of death-struggling came from the murdered man under the table. " A match, Mrs. Prowitt," he said; " for the love of heaven, let as have a light here !" " There is a match-safe over the wash-stand in the corner," gasped the landlady. For a few moments Baylor groped in the blackness for a match. At last he struck one, and the gas puffed up. He shrank back against the wall by the door. The room was entirely deserted ; the table was bare of legal papers ; the screen stood Li its place near the window ; and there was no body of a mur- dered man upon the door, nor any blood or other trace of him. The room was precisely as it had been before the lawyer came. In the midst of an animated discussion, at Mrs. Prowitt's table next morning, of the strange crime, one of the boarders, who had already breakfasted and gone out, rushed back with a paper, which, under display head-lines, told of the brutal murder of Abel Christiansea, one of the city's noted lawyers. It detailed how he had been sitting in the study at his home on the avenue, going over some valuable papers in the matter of a vast eatate in litigation. The murderer had entered through a window, had crept upon Mr. Christiansea under cover of a Japanese screen that stood behind his chair, and had struck him to the heart with a dagger. The assassin, who had escaped with all the papers, was supposed to be one of the heirs to the property and one of the most dangerous criminals of the slums. About 10 o'clock on the same morning the little old man brought screen appeared at No 4313, saying that Mr. Mulford had sent, him for it. " I don't know that I ought to let you have it," said Mrs. Prowitt. " Why not ? " asked the little old man, with a queer twinkle of his unblinded eye. " There was a terrible murder on the Avenue last, night by a man who stabbed a lawyer from behind a Japanese screen, and I and one of my lodgers saw the vision of a man come from be- hind Mr. Mulford's screen and kill a strange old man who had come as Mr. Mulford's friend." It is certainly remarkable," said the little old man, winking his blind eye ; " but you cer- tainly won't keep Mr. Mulford's screen just be- cause you saw a vision." " Go up for it, then, for I won't touch it," said Mrs. Prowitt. " I will be glad to have the terrible thing out of my house. If I wasn't afraid of it I would not let you have it." When the little old man reappeared, carrying the screen, she said :— " If I could see how there could be any con- nection between this screen and the one on the Avenue I would keep you here and send for the police." " I don't see what possible connection there could be," said the little old man, ducking his head sidewise and squinting at her quizzically. " If I could I wouldn't ask you for the screen. But I will ask Mr. Mulford, and if there is, of course I'll come around and tell you. By the way, he says you need not keep the room for him any longer." And picking up the screen he briskly walked away. 