PLAIN TALK. [By Ollapod.] The Styles Smoke night revealed a want which is often impressed upon the community during the year. It is the want of a suitable public building • in which the citizens can assemble upon occasion. _The night was pitch dark and one felt an uncomfortable sensation trying to thread ones way to the drillroom. I don’t kno.v how the Parliamentary visitors got on; but the spot is not very easy of access by a stranger on a dark night. At the Parliamentary elections the. same want of room was felt.. The overflow at Councillor Woods’ first meeting filled the Temperance Hall, where Mr Sutherland was speaking. . Later on, when Mr Styles was speaking at the Mechanics’ Institute and Mr Suther land at the Temperance Hall on the same night, the two halls together were not large enough, notwithstanding that Mr Woods was addressing a mass meeting in Nelson place. This is hardly satisfactory. The same thing happens at the annual E steddford and oh other occasions throughout the year. The Town Council can claim credit for having no interest to pay on a Town Hall,as nearly every other municipality of like im portance all over the colony has to do; but as against that it is only right to point out the inconvenience borne by the pubic and thfifact that here we are obliged. toJ«>re£E8fg§a£ixil ege o£#;ibl jcfiSg 'meeting for the sa-“3' of ‘saving’ the cost of a building. This is a sad com mentary upon our civilization and patriotism. Another excuse councillors oiler is that if they undertook to erect a Town Hall they would be sure to set about it in a wasteful fashion; but here they are doing themselves an injustice. Councillor Hick, I hear, evinced a most patprnal interest in me at Mon day’s Council meeting. He was good enough to set me right in a matter where I went wrong. In estimating the num ber of persons employed at Newport and Spottiswoode last week at 1,500, I added that as a family usually consti tuted four, this would mean G000 “houses.” Of course, I should have said persons, and I have to thank Councillor Hick for the correction.' He was also anxious to know how the 1,500 is made up. Here are the details—Loco shops, 1,200; T. Robin son it Co’s., 200; Lennon's, the Glass Bottle Works, the Pumping Station and the Freezing Works, 100; total 1,500. There being only 200 empty hou-es in the town, and most of these being either remote from the centres or otherwise unsuitable for habitation; the life of a weatherboard house being only 30 years and scores having passed the allotted span in Williamstown—I pointed out that an opportunity existed for catering for these wants and con gratulated Mr Jobson, who is a very solid and substantial property owner— a genuine investor and in no sense a mere building speculator—upon his enterprize in laying out his own cash in providing what seems to me to be a very legitimate requirement for the place. I had no thought of either pleas ing or offending Councillor Hick ; he never entered mymind and what I have said to make him angry I can’t imagine. Surely he does not claim to possess a monopoly of all the wisdom and under standing regarding house property. If so, I should like to know on what he bases his claim. I remember being in his company one evening when he was commenting on the low price of land in Williamstown. He had been at Sandringham at a land sale that day— this was in the very height of the land boom—and he noted the prices paid for lowlying land there. He next compared it with this town and con cluded that land in Williamstown should go up to £10 a foot.. Behold how he has changed? Now he will call me bard names and say “it is all rot,” because I say land in Williams town is of any use at all. Where is his £10 a foot now ? Professor Marshall,of the Cambridge University, in hi8 well-known work on “ The Economics of Industry,” says one of the qualities necessary for the accumulation of wealth is a capacity for accurately forecasting the future. I make Councillor- Hick a present of this information, though I am afraid his vision is abnormally corn racted. It is the penalty for being so intensely .“practical” j suppose. But it should not require a ghost to foresee that there is a future for Spottiswoode and a moderate knowledge of. the present would show that, under fair conditions, a legitimate demand exists for houses there at the present time. Mr Jobson tells me he is prepared to build two houses there to any other person’s one. He considers there is room for thirty houses there now. The Mayor said something the same last Monday, on the authority of a Spottiswoode manufacturer, though he did not, I believe, convince Councillor Hick. I should like to add that one of the best French authors of political economy— Professor Jevons—regards fluctuations in real estate values as so certain that he has reduced them to a law, and his conclusions are based on ascertained facts and are not mere theory. What he calls “credit cycles” corresponds exactly with our experiences in this colony and he has noted that they recur every ten year^ on an average. The prudent man will, he says, be careful when things are at their height and be bold when they are down. I commend this piece of “practical” in formation to Councillor Hick, for I am afraid his prophetic eye has got badly | out of focus. Edison recently suffered in the same way from a too close applica tion to the Rout gen rays. In Council lor Hick’s case, however, it is due to looking at matters of expenditure through a microscope and at matters of income through a telescope. 