THE STORYTELLER A HALLOWE'EN ADVENTURE- It wss late in October. The sun bad been scorching all day, but I was fully determined not to get off my wheel or to relax my efforts unt<l I reached my goal. So I pedalled on until nightfall, but still my destination was nowhere to be seen. I slowed up a little, lighted my lamp, and then sped on at a still swifter pace. The cool night air refreshed my jaded limbs, and pedalling again became a pleasure. My li?ht and almost frictionless bicycle leaped forward with an elasticity that seemed to treble my output of force, and the glimmer from my lamp danced gaily along the road. Then I entered a wood. I hadn't much idea where I was. On both sides of the road the wood lay as black as the darkness of the pit. I had a feeling that I wouVt presently come upon something horrible. It seemed as if the forest were full of—things. Heavens 1 how I did long for the lights of a village ! Just then 1 heard a slight creaking, and the soft rush of cushioned wheel B ckme behind me I turned to greet the rider. I shrieked with terror, and reeled upon my saddle The thing—that hideousHtightmare thing—was upon me. For I saw a grim skeleton mounted on a spectral bicycle close at my side. He was of huge stature, and was bending forward until his grinning chops almost touched the handlebar. I could see every rib and cartilf ge dimly outlined against the black forest wall It was a most gruesome spectacle. 4 Who—what—are you Y I gurgled. 'What are you scared about?'ejaculated the apparition in a crackling voice. ' If I'd have thought you.were such a fool I wouldn't have come up to keep you company. You ought to be a cool one to be riding here. What are you V I gasped. ' 1 ? Oh 1 I'm a scorcher—deceased, of course, but I still ride occasionally, especially on Hallowe'er. I've got the very best wheel this side of eternity.' he added. And as he spoke he threw his weight, in some peculiar way upon the cranks, and the machine bounded several yards into the air, sending out a shower of sparks as it struck the ground again. ' Now, you can't do a thing like that,' he cackled. •I've got a mighty good wheel all the same,' I retorted; 'an uncommonly'good wheel. If I'd known you meant to race you wouldn' " have come up with me so easily.' He laughed 1 until his bones rattled ; in fact, the laugh waB mostly rattle. 'Ob, you'll do,' he squeaked, as if he were short of breath. ' You're the right sort, and we'll have some gay rides together yet. I'll show you the way.' I was getting quite at my ease. This spectre was not half a bad fellow, after ail, and as a scorcher I had no^ met his equal. I felt really sorr.v for him that he was only a skeleton. ' I should think your bones would shake apart riding,' I remarked. ' Oh 1 no,' be responded. ' I'm extra well articulated; I'm articulated with wire, in fact—stout copper wire. / You see some young medical students got hold of my rema'ns, and I spent most of my time hung up in a glaBS case in the office. Still, I'm very grateful to those meds., for if they hain't articulated me so strongly I'd probably have fallen to pieces, as you say. As it is. I go out a good deal at night, but I don't haunt my grave much. It'.s a spot of no particular interest to me now: I keep my wheel there, that's all. You see, it's about the only place I can call my own.' 1 And you spend your time scorching at night V 'Yes, when I'm out. Sometimes 1 can't get ogt, if they happen to lock the case. That ls/i can drift round anywhere myself, of course, but I can't get out my bones. can't ride without my bones, you see, and I can't »ppear to people without them. To be sure, I can make a fellow feel awfully uncomfortable by just floating round him invisible.' ' u.BS that V 'It r just was, my boy. That's what was the matter with you a spell back before I rode up. I was watching you, but 1 couldn't appear because I hadn't my bones. But just then the do tor's men came into the office to shut, it, up and turned the key iu the case. He thought bewaB locking it, but itwas locke already, and he turned it the other way. That gave me my chance. So I left you a minute, got the bonrs and the wheel, and scoiched back. Oh, I can make great time now ; flrshand blood aren't in it. 1 couldn't have appeared to you, though if tiyou hadn't been a scorcher." That's my limitation— scoichersand ppople that I used to run over." And he laughed until his articulations fairly clapped. ' SpeakiJ.g of getting b oken up,' he continued, 'that's what happened to me the 'ime I made my exit. I was racing a nighthawk and I went right down a precipice 200ft high. I cracked my skull and broke my neck and my collar-bone and both arms. You can see wh' re they've been cemented, if you look clo^e. Wow I can go down, though without breaking anything.' ' What 1 Yon ride down that ' 'That precipice whew, I got my quietus? Of course I do. I come out here—that is, I go and coast down there every Hallowe'en. That's my anniversary, you see, and I always gets my bones out of the case somehow that night. It's great fun coasting down, but 1 always like company. What's that wheel you're riding V he asked, suddenly. * Gyroscope, new model,' I answered. ' It's the best wheel made, and it's geared up to ninety-eight. Tyres inflated with hydrogen. It'll pass anything on the road.' * Pretty fair,' he chirped; ' but you aren't in it with me; not yet. Mine's fire inflated, frame dematerialised. It's a regular ghost of a wheel, SJidn't you notice how easily I. came up with you?' * I wasn't racing,' I retorted, angrily. •No? Thai's where you, showed judgment. I wouldn't if 1 were yon,' he chuckled, patroniaingly. It was too exasperating, this being guyed by a skeleton on an old wreck of a wheel. I made a little sport past him, just to show my mettle. With a queer little whinnying croak he shot ahead, but in a moment we were neck and neck, and before I realised it we weie dashing on at a terrific pace. My companion was .a little in the lead, his tyres shedding a whirl of sparks like a Catherine wheel, his whole grisly outline gleaming with a sort of phosphorescence. I now perceived that we were on a down grade of increasing steepness. I tried to slow up, bnt it was absolutely impossible; my machine was beyond control. The demoniac apparition was now several rods in advance—a meteoric blur of fiery coruscation. All at once I .saw him raise his bony feet to the coasters—and with an eerie hoot like tbe lattlmp shriek of the wind in the eaves, he passed from sight. A moment later I reached a sharp turn in t he road. My wheel shot straight ahead and leaped into space. I was conscious of hurtling down a declivity of incredible steepness, through scattered stones and bushes—then-a blank. After an interval—they say it must have been ten hours or more—I heard a voice. ' The same place where Big Murdock was killed three years ago. This fellow will live, I think, but it's nothing less than a miracle. Drunk, most likely; there's nothing like a drunken man for luck. We found him up to biB neck in the moss and mud of a quaking morass. The tubes of his wheel were snapped like pipe-stems.* I slowly opened my eyes. I was lying on a stretcher in a doctor's office. Several physicians were there ; evidently I was the subject of their comments. Just opposite, across the room, stood a glass case containing a skeleton of unusual size, it was articulated with copper wire, and I distinctly perceived that the skull was cracked and that several of the bone* had been fractured and re-united with cement. And as I started it really seemed as if the gruesome thing returned my look with a grin of recognition— but, then, a skeleton can't help grinning. 