iowral Fp89 po as adverser}** do in law: gtrtm mightily* but .' cat <t»ic/ thi>t- cij5 ffintil*. Wednesday, :>ovember 3, 1897. ' ?THE VOTE OP CENSURE DEBATE, ;THE only general conclusion to be drawn from Mr. Lyne's vote of censure motion is that Parliament is in its second child hood, and that in view'of the impending general election, it is impossible to take very seriously anything which may just now occur. As far as Mr. Sydney Smith's action in regard to the Lucknbw sttike1 goes, it has been very generally condemned ; but it was a political mis "take for the Leader of the Opposition to j^ave'made it the grounds for a vote of censure motion, for the action of the Min ister was so evidently intended to pla cate the labor party that it was absurd to expect labor members to make it a pretext for voting against the Govern ment, There never was the ghost of a chance of carrying this motion, and it Svas not even treated seriously by' tlie Government, so that from the "standpoint of party tactics it can only be regarded as a blunder. Whatever may he said of Mr. Lyne's ability as a parliamentary leader, lie has frequently shown himself to be very deficient in tact and judgement. A jgood general never risks a battle vvithout some fair prospect of success 1 butin this case, whatever opinion may have been held as to the action of the Minister, for Mines in regard to the Lucknow strike, even Mr. Lyrie must havp knoivn that there was no prospect whatever for a rote of censure being carried, for whatever the personal feelings of the labor party, the mere fact of the question of salary' arid the near close of the season was sufficient to keep them true to the party in power. Ivlr. Lyne's contention tha't the 'Govern ment could not possibly obtain a dissolu tion evidently had very little weight ivith fnembers who are too: well' satisfied with their position and salaries to take an un necessary risk. It gave some of them an tipportunity to talk at the Government a bit, but " that was all." Unfortunately, however, all this hieahs Waste of time, and each sitting of the House is sajd to cost the country a matter of £300. How ,many nights have been wasted during the present session it would be hard to say, certainly a.' vfery 'considerable number. One of the'argiiments against a triennial Parliament was that it wOuld take mem bers twelve months to settle, to their wor'k and twelve months to prepare for the fol lowing general election. It certainly looks as though the present Parliament'vvas in clined to spend its time in idle debate and recrimination, rather than in useful legislation. 