The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. "I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any cir- cumstances whatever. Correspondents are ad- vised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. SATURDAY, MAY 22, 1897. The modern novelist finds this little earth too small a field for the exercise of his art, and he is accordingly annex- ing the solar system! Mr. H. G. Wells, fore example, who may be described as a pseudo-scientist, in his new tale, " The War of the Worlds," invades the realms of astronomy in the in- terests of fiction. He pictures the in- habitants of Mars opening fire from a celestial battery on the earth. Night after night astonished earthly astrono- mers, from a hundred observatories, detect a reddish flash on the rim of the planet Mars. Each flash, it seems, marks the despatch of a huge bomb at the unoffending earth, and after a flight through 35,000,000 miles of space the bomb duly drops on us, in the shape of a gigantic cylinder of strange metal, from which emerges a small colony of Martians, bringing weird arts, wicked designs, and terrific powers from that hostile planet wherewith to capture this! Science has often been turned to strange uses, but when novelists capture its imperial powers and use them to add deeper tints to their ink-pot or more start- ling colours to their palette, it may be doubted whether either science or gains much by the experiment. The average man, we suspect, will prefer to take his science and his fiction to separate parcels. But strange and amusing services are being extorted from science by another school of artists. They are busy persuading the august figure of science to attire itself in the grave robes of the prophet, as well as to frisk about in the harlequin attire of pure fiction. Mr. G. P. Lathrop, for example, has written a couple of articles in one of the magazines under the title of "In the Deep of Time," in which he draws a prophetic sketch of life as it will be when scientifically equipped, say, three centuries hence. Mr. Edison, it is understood, is respon- sible for Mr. Lathrop's forecast, and a very remarkable vision of the future it is. The man of A.D. 2197, we are confidently assured, will be able not only to talk to the planets on the dot- and-dash system of the Morse tele- graph, he will be able to actually visit them at pleasure, and with much greater ease than we now visit cities only a few hundred miles distant, reaching the planet Mars, for example, as Mr. Lathrop with anxious accuracy computes, in about "eight hours eight minutes"! There are to be on this prosail earth itself electrical trains, running at 150 miles an hour; motor bicycles (of course); "walking" bal- loons—balloons, that is, that float about 30ft. above the surface of the earth, have mechanical legs made of aluminium, and travel like gigantic ostriches at an enormous speed. We are promised air-ships, automatic mail- packets that fly, self-impelled, through space to their destination, without being carried. Books are to be ex- changed for phonographs, which will present a tale to the ear instead of the eye. Artificial chemical foods will make wheat-fields and flocks and herds unnecessary. Microbes are to be enlisted,, drilled, and employed to extirpate disease instead of spreading it. "Telescopic" cannon will make battles and sieges so dreadful—dis- missing a city into mere vapour at a stroke—that war itself will vanish. New amusements will make life happy; new arts will make it rich; new guards will make it secure. There will be a telephone to the sun. Parlia- ments and thrones will flee like a flock of ghosts before the dawn, and the federated human race will lie, lapped in universal peace and swathed in golden comfort, under a World Committee of Twenty! These be dreams indeed! But whether they are simply the wild visions that haunt the character of a lunatic brain, or the pictures which shape themselves in the serene light of a brooding scien- tific imagination, spell out the great syllables of Nature's grammar in ad- vance, who will undertake to say? But the more sober dreams, or even the waking facts—of actual scientists, as reported from day to day, are sufficiently wonderful. Mr. Marconi, for example, has learned how to send electric waves "through a hill three- " quarters of a mile thick." On Salis- bury Plain he had no difficulty in get- ting a receiver and transmitter to talk to each other across a distance of two miles; and if across two miles, why not across two thousand? He believes that by placing an engine of given power in a room in New York, and another engine of equal power in a similar room in London, and using both engines to generate the "Marconi " waves," he can transmit messages across the Atlantic with perfect ease, and so make all sea-cables unneces- sary! Nay, Mr. Marconi has proved that, under certain favourable condi- tions, he can ignite powder at a dis- tance by tickling it with a Marconi wave. This, as he argues, opens up a quite new vista of naval tactics. What is to hinder a ship, properly equipped for generating the Marconi waves, from sailing down to a fleet of hostile ironclads and blowing up all their powder magazines and torpedoes by a single vibration! The same treat- ment can, of course, be applied to land force. And what will be the pro- spects, or what the use, of the best- drilled and most formidable army in the world if Marconi can indeed blow up all its magazines and cart- ridges with one invisible stroke? The engineer "hoist with his own petard" is a Shakespearian and quite familiar idea, but what is this to an army being hoisted—generals and privates to- gether—by its own magazines, and by one airy and irresistible tickle of the "Marconi waves"? About Mr. Marconi and his newly- discovered "waves" it will be wise, perhaps, to adopt a strictly non- committal attitude. But Lieutenant Baden- Powell, in the new number of the " United Service Magazine," tells a tale almost as wonderful, and on much better evidence. The next great war, he says, will have for its field, not the angry sea, nor the prosaic earth, but the thin air. Germans and Russians and French have been expending money and brains for years on the in- vention of an air-ship which can be turned to purposes of war, and though they keep their secret well, yet they have attained a high degree of success. Captain Renard's balloon, for ex- ample, has a lifting power of 8,500lb.; it is driven by a gas-engine of 45-horse power, and has travelled at the rate of 25 miles an hour through the atmo- sphere. All that is needed is the in- vention of a light motor, and Tenny- son's vision of hostile fleets grappling with each other in the central azure becomes a fact. And such a dis- covery may arrive at any moment! The first nation, in a word, that dis- covers a suitable motor for the coming air-ships will have the civilised world at its mercy. On the whole, novelists must give place to scientists in the produc- tion of works of the imagination. Fiction is all very well, but its flights, compared with those of science, resemble the waddle of a drove of ducks compared to the wide curves and effortless flight of a great sea albatross! io luanv minds tht light ol pilvatt ciltitisni In tit and littus stuns a pi Iv ilP"o ns ninth tobt dieiNhid is Hie litht of piiv lit judgment lu mutleis of tonstleuti It is a haitlship that Hit piofebbional uitk should lune his Hing at the attoi the HUM list oi Hie pott ind that i wiilth ol dt nuutintlon should be pint up pi uni lient, ia the bieists of Individu ils who hive no bin li undi atttss to tilt publlt tn Consiqutntlv wt sn pialsi woithv offoits 11 um Hint to timi to lirui'* tluounh tht tiaiuiiitls of til < umstand I in Innis iltilm Iiluitv to tn a tin list b twcui tin Joints ot an m toi s ¡mumu pihatuis di not sie w bj Hut should not di p mom blond shot Into tht pods bniqut as li j,o( s billilli, OMI summtr seis Ys Dis null bald It is i isltr to lu ultu ni thin tonnt-so piodlLjoush mu in dud that tht tunplatlou to m il t n public (ss tj is often lui slstlhk somi tunis tin iiiisponsibk i ns i is nilli lisslv stllkil In thus who hold It will id to b little Hu t unit mj tuan in list iMipt In iiint but it Is ni ti quite api li ni til it lu ought to bt Y ' fi w w(ilsa_o dininj. Hi Inalla., oí i llbtl UM lu I miliiii whin iitlststuid tilths win put Into Hi II I\ to pio mm in i upon Hit lu hill al mulls ni Utht. raphl w ii an mihi nt ni i It moy til lo lisL a d iln" lllusliati n lit pul It Iluta ni in ml, lit hoiiisth dun sh liuiiv Iivin" lo bt a gu it auoi Hu jud.i howivu was lou lllid and piomjitly ii] KM ii th liilkss tonnst 1 wlittliu foi bid ttibte ot lutisv dots mi appiai lint in Hu fun ail of Mu uilonlts wo au kss tv laiinital Yu i mini nt Y Id ii lau OC Hit otlur tin 1 ng but nilli, to expiiss his tundid oplnltn of Mi I ml v ud Milling saw his t burnt dm In-, a dhoK t nisi and tool It Mi Innis has now platt ti on lu mil his < ouv li (lou that this vi i Itu Is a nibblshv so tullid pud and no doubt luis all tht buni lol having tluinsul his luiom of suth puiloiis innttti Unit was no jud. t to lilt his limul, lu OWL and bid Ali Punts hush Ali Institt .Beti ott was not luipdkd to thiow lils n tis ovu tin putt us Ali Iiistln Alattlu w s did o\ 11 Hit at toi Pi sslbh his llonoui iitltdiii that Hi u Is said} lu distant i Ii Hu s¡n ||U"lons winds au to until Ali Mpliiij. (lu \ must be sink ltd m loss what lu lilm bill tails tht dun gut bundill suis mid Hu v would pi .limbla lost nindi oi Hull Munnin,, ion lu 11 mi. It As a nulli! of lad lillian pioph If not kss si IIHIHU au hss hdphss now than llnv iir.nl to bl Haul winds ni MI did bli al main bonis and tin j luiik. li vui lu aits than louuulv Pod» and novtlists au not to bt biought down bv Hu slants ot a tiltlt pioltbsloiial oi numil ni and 1)IIL,L,II1 like feumt If ii Qiuirttilj Ile viewer' did kill Keats ^1 s exuemeh impiobable) Lock] ° bla/ul aw a) brlsklj enoi) h "" ILHIIJSOU Without causing his nu-irrv to slitd u 1. ithti-ututh less ."..f I'll loet it hi is bud hit um m cliiitd to be let Hinton 1ms Bl ion s ixiiiiplG to stimulite hi,,, ______ " loielisl-ispeiialh tue lui, iion.i|st itquius no tuition at ill m thL nit ~. self defence One of tilt most «nu anting specticlis of tilt ila- js to w nth the woman wiitei at war with P isons ot papus which h,ic Vi,e,ni.L(1 hu Oula i is in tvpei luiicd coin butant wliost piowi s h is boui ofttu li still Miss M uli (.oitlll tUlnonic stilfe with the wholi joiu.uiiMIt_ woild luinlshib nu insUiutlit llltis tntlou ot how i uitd ue Hit wm.ons at tilt coinmnntl ol the lint n\ "Uson (Uteiinlnitl to hit bid ]n otu. iLtom. noid Aliss Coulli itiomplisliis " ])u tect tom di foi te lu Hie w n ot nu gi mee upon lu i critks siie pipflu;i. liet woik witli notliis lu hula ti ¡a that no ic.iew ttpks will li is~,uu] so tint new sp ipi i wnteis disum, to u \ Ile tilt wink nmsl inotui It roMlie pill post it (heil own ( \puisi l olliw mg up this the leluitliss uiUioue, singles out one ot HIP lu st 1 now n I on don teiliwiis mid miks him tlnou.h bei pigis undi i i tlilnh ilis^uisîu nime cudowing tlioj,ciitlun iiilibu illy with the jauintllstli \h UPS of mi m niss ci ifl ind ¡gnoianii uiililtnjitu lilm is Iii ing not in bu ul ikm luit pi lillipilli lit in Un s \s i linhhin, tom li "Miss Coiclli sketches in liu on ii chu ictit li) w n ol conti is Hi lijy notelist bi-liupl\ dihii"iiiUul of ui\ ones good opinion but lui own h tht onh poison In Hit book who-, miuii and nioi-ils ¡no not sidli, in uei 1 of some pmiMiiig piotess lnuount pine high souled slie is so suieiloi to n ailie t til it she 1 peps a t t"e uf dolls path blid labtlitd lound Hit n ik willi Hie munt of alt tdingjouiinl llntsshe Ins liol uipiniis it hu b ti md t1n makes Hipiu pi it li upon lui wrist ma shouldtis finis Hum titi Us tin in, riiiissts Hum Wluthci this pintle snpisin ins most limiiilnted tin intsb oi gintilud Aliss Coull! hu si li Isa moot point but it is bellend to line piodticed a signal titi c1 in one w ti or nothei It is not Iikth tint Ali Kipling \n'l n.t)iL,c hiinstll b\ putting Mi Pui\p. into a poem is lie (lid the h ij less loinliusoii who foi all we 1 now was au indhidunl iniupiblt ot stung lust lilt ition foi tins Kipling boom ' 01111111111, will debite cuiimisli tnw it comes th it tlie authoi ot tin spltn didl) stirling ring of nugi mil f Hie Huco Sealus and of V lliinn befoio Action tau be sti" nnllbtd ¡is no pott md lubblsln * 'Hie nnswei is nftet all siinplt It is dono moiel-, bl the e\ptilitnt of pitting Mr Kipling igainst lnmsilf Hu n ho is often beaten b nth M nu wtitus who lune Hillend brilhint nit nil successes c innot eutu into sut cessful competition igiinst Hu it own bist woik, and foi the loiiiiiiiiln >t tlitir dii)s tim ne nuslied b\ (li Ir own mistet pieces M ith i in in who 1 is displmed siuIi istonishlh,, um tillti and mintnntss is Mi Killing ti o process is lar oasiu lit si)., soiuuotis i>oi ii\ almost uniri illtil f r fitsliniss nul loue of cpitliit lit Ins wiltten sin nos of timp liltit i In nies clem but dishorned ta lie most unblushing ficuloul mid nil ltssniss of utttinnce As a ii Pint litlv tunellei sais ot hu w uiilulii"s ¡tiuoug swamps and s nagi s kr those who like Unit soit ol thing win, it is just the sort of tiling liny like But theie ait m un who do no Uki Ulis foi ni ot what Mi I'm tis ellis Hie I\\.!plln"isqui llieii is nothing t islu Ulan loi snell tilths to pi tctiso the stlittid sample iloilgi ' -to iissut foi instanct tint tito willoi who has explilnid with quite tmupcisstirv dtt til w li\ the colon 1 s lad\ nul Tud\ O Gindi lit sisteis multi theil skins Is no tun pott Hut ii pott should it ill\ bt liulnid 1>J his strength not in his we il upsses Piofissoi "Ni tx M nilli has just di lim us t disillusionising pot ti tit ot 1 inn son onh compiulou ibli winn sniok big lils pipe and sipping lils whisky mil watti nftu ilinnu md btlmlng with absolute booilshnt ss to lils li linds if lie duneed to lind mutton chops upon the table foi biuikfast Hut we do not ii Bimi Hu autlioi of In Miiiiollim* tliioilgli tlusi spie tubs Vilbel Is It lib to Ji.il_c of Ali Kiplings musí uih winn lit lupppus to bt UiiUttlliig Wt Hunk of ililli litliu is the min whose gi nins i mitti ti an ilttttlt spuk it luttlotlsm which chilli 1 titi "Ubi Üu Hist lntttidn wiltu wlio mule Hu Biltlsh mt ftil tht ii .lit» of unpin On Aioiithi nt\t (OUPCIIS Hu li Hv) Hie At"us e.lUtt will lu d> 1 it 10 um mil will 1 c it oi III«! iib) ii i i Hie i lmoiutnit uf ulieitiitt di 1 n ml «' iittiseinints c in be left lim i" tie i n at tin ~>i le tutt mee I he C ii met Ins ileu le t tint the nut » if nu tittili( lie.litnie, ititi ii i tie til w ii liuil it Not Hi Milboiuni it i I "t U'OelO is to lie in lin" i ltl i I I li lmilliin nuil 11ml will bt mi In l' »l ' of the I ulw ii dil ntnifiit ml) di i l'v llniiiuiitiiiii it "-I nu ? .'I' ' lilli ?Unit ni lim nhill ni i li« (.UKI li IW Oillll till 1 ill I 'I' ' Whin tins ti ntl ii stn n i i '1 ' l lei Hu instill MI i I tH I'"1'14 i ill le iliolmliul mil U i t t i ml H - milln Hu lien s hum Hi t I »li1» - Hu til lue hjit will 1 ii" li"1 ' one hilf it wli it it is n i \t 11 it I < st of huit mt, m loucjili i. n io i i i I ullin députaient i mi ilu mu i i t o 1* st ti iii pu tim lit uni ti II» I t|a l'liblic Wmls ilti ulm il «U U c ntr li I'all munt hotisi U li e U| iitiiitiit» liiiitui luu full 1 I nue t m "m mint »s to Ultu u n lue i »tul .ti°n tut.ttls Hit ne« w ii Hie \ilm" I"1 nun ins (luette I Hie iii mut mt ? ». ° Hutt lipiitmtiits lo i i i î n U ' itkr witli Hit uni ol tutu n" t i I ' ntur) all iiie,tititnt Hie Old \go l'u I n I m n "1 tunis usitniL Hu i min li u H '"-»' mt lilli It ii ititi"! It»' n--- c» lu;¡ tit II ill nut on Hu -'"I 11 \ «I '"y1' I ni nil, iln tu lu it w it ni I »'"» loi oin li »nil C i-stl ni ni (>" iii -l'11 piu\ tlie i mullís ion « U s t I H ill-."» nilli «lull time will i\ um «it»"' ,frum 1 i linn II» ilil.uitui (foi nu m Hut n t I . twttii Mi I nu» i Mun lu f ^" ". tut mil tin Du.im.i . I » "' Hu 1 nttu I it I ii ut Aim t. i » ? inn in.minn, mel ii n li i " l, ',' c lioi.s in Hu l\l nl< 1 I'' I'-1. ' " V linn III lu iib l'iili. I '» ' '" V1 (howitt Hit tullin ii lim» i i-niih"1 IC ton Aim 1.01s \ss ntl li » ' "» " niejit Mi In ."" "'I «V" ', um stums in diMiiiu mi liu.il- ' IUU ot mtinitt itinii md is tin l«' ul tuns hit 1IUIIM.1I « tn minti I'» ti»» bist intuition* i n Hu I "Mm li l'11 "j pott tlllllt Illili till HI «t I" " "' ," tolom M iirodiuU Ultu «IK" '^7,"" Um Hluit.li! nut till «oil <'»»t'1,h .'¿I ici Jlie ollie blanch bunt H"'» l«-u ""t Air Wcitb-licad, piesidcnt of the __:' O MontiRCrs' .Ysocation, and Mi w° Pr«..tot of the Dairymen's W ___« «pole in «""dur stra.ns, and .t "utcllj bec .me cndcnt to hose preset M an aimuiblc ....dei standing rcRa.aluiR """" sections in Hit 3 spotted l'io V,.b p,]! aioulil soon be arrived ut le» Liai Ah T u ernci accepted m mutation î m Mr Aro Ii to have a friendly conbul Xon »ern.maU__relat,,,RtotI,e ÎanuiR niiliistn lhere were also pre ^'ATr\\\c_thcil,cail Air COR!., m the keilli elected president of the 1 acton S_,Vn. \\-oenfon) Ah A M Nil. h ,_, (secrcLa. of the D un me..'» Yssoe, i _,,) and Ah »»id A\ ikon (chief dun èsoert) Ihoc gentlemen lunched to flin. . .- , ,l,._,acnil lint "tliei anti sn.hetii.enth il.sc.isseil not ooi> the 1 Npoitod l'roductó Util, but othei "uhr, important questions-hiMiiK i duett iVnin» on the production of milk and "luntfutini anil cvpoil of but lu In «le ii ráa.íh the I spmteil l-.od..cts Bill mu "_ colice-ons aaere in ide with icfcru.ee " the methods to be adopted m npphing tlie meisuro aftei it lins bciomc law, but ,l",,"de_t_idu,Rwas peifcctlj unanimous tint the e\poit trade to Lui ope must be ntiollcl h\ Hie Goa eminent and jiuh c0" »upon .sion exciiised The iRicc ,,e"ts ami ed it will 1» unbodied in Hie "eia lil! winch Air lav einer aull bhortlj In us bcfoie Paihtimcnl Nnih eyen mctropolilan iiiimicipdity e\oc|t Melbourne piopir ay _ lepicscnled at a conference held yest-eidi iv Ui innsiiler whether the municipal tontuhutton to mid» the evpendituic of the Ino Uri rales Board should not be raluicd aYt nrc-ent the aoyernmc.it pats i third, the imiiiiuiiiht.es a thud and Hie insurance comptines a third lhere was t RCiicral «iraníunt vesículas thit the binden cist on the municipalities wau unfairly lie ivy . paiiib m "-lew of the great advance in in premiums non _nrj.il to the public It «is i »i i ted that time ayos a ling amoru, tin instit una. lompinies- mil lb it ti i onh vaav to mut it illictivclj ayas to dal li li a systini of nimm ipili fir «minie Y committee of 17 deliRatcs was apiointcd to Ro into the whole iittcstion \ccoidinR to the liprosent ltions of a ilc| al ition from tin A ntornii 1 in SUn 1'iotielion League, viluih ay-uteil oi the Commiss.oiiei of Ctiblonis ve- terda) tin opossum is in danger oi cvttnction if some measures he not sorted to for its protcttton It was uii.nl bi members of Hie depul ition avbiih va is accompanied bv Ah Bennett AI L a\ Ali Jarrett AIL \, and Ah J JJ hiller MI. l, that the opossums nu so li ntl ptc_cal foi their skins during the cold mont!.* of the year when the furs ire it tliur best til it Joiii.R and old siiITu dil e and in the ihsince of nnj disunion it.on on tlie part of limitas it would hi vi ill to hue i cío i season and to impose in c\poit duty ot i/ pu dozen skins One lueinbei *u"ested the months of Aliv June, nnd July a» the pet tod foi the ilose se ison, nul another \piil Ahj.and hnn It w is ion t Icnal tint with Miih i pcnod of evcnip tion from si tURhtcr the j omi. opossums wolli 1 si ure ica-soniblc pioteitiun, jnd tint «ulltuintlj Rood fins could bo ob tuicd in siiccecilin-. months l.ipicscnta tia. if Un tupping interest, at ho wire lie out dining the intciviuv, objcilcd to anci|ott duty, nul pointed out that the la. min 1st in tile e\poit of fin . in re «it a cat's vais ova ...g to bo m inv men lou IT unable to gain employment nt then ordit in avocations Y change in the con li don of the colonj would, no doubt, bring about eood tunis foi the opossum Air l'o-t »ml he w is inclined to the v nw tb it a do e si ison would prove idvnnUiRCous an I HiR-istcd tint a comino» agreement sliould be armed at b) those mtciesled ns to tlie period w inch should bl lsol iteil 1 be cuestión of an e\poit dut) would lequne tit) serious consideration K complaint Ii is liecn made against the I-Ll depirtnient by the sectet-ary of the Jljunt Lvell Jkiung Comiianv that copies 0 the campan) s annual liport were de Used in tliótr transmission through the peet Hie evphnntio.i is that a I URO mint Itr of the repolis were font tided to tin (lepartnunt with a request that t tert nu number should be posted on the loth mst juill the hílame lent bick until Hie 17th m t The reports to be dell j ed wen stouil in the mid loom, tuul to prevent thou mi ni 1 ate triiiaiiuss-iim thtough the pos un tul itcd Not lo hi tombed ihiou"h an titifoitilinte oviisidit the me not dispitihiil on tin 17th io u ran"ed \\\ Ink nu opting the lespoiiM bli. of tin mist ile, the Dipulv Pi ti -tert.cmt d points out tint the blot IL,C of circuí us ui tin mu] loom not intended for inimuliite postage is in imgiilmt), vluih »ill not be pinuitlcd in the liiture Yu Oulir tu Council has been p tsscd ij) proinig of the iiccltou of iniiiiiig testing lints, at till following pi ins-Linds turill;]! Crosviiik, tanjil, VA imlslied lint, ti tti>ii Caa;l>, Orbost, -\1 itloek, and ll_t rietv ille V uepulation from tlie liodnev Img-itioii In»t nailed on the Alinistn ot \\\ Uti .up li vestiialay, und leskid tint tin Covim uetil should not insist m its dim mil to "vc au aiire-ihial i tti lolleetcd tins vt u, _ tin biason li id been i b id oin, nut, uureoiei, hume of tin i itipiju . wiri not Milled with water, tliouj_li tluv wita. ta_d lln ttust also askiil ih it it sliould t trantid un uilditiumil lo in oi ¿4 .UI), tu u ii le it to templóte the woiks it lud in Lui It nts ivpltimid tint Hu woiks hd been estimated to lost AIS.OIH» huton j. to the min "ed tost ut lihotii uid lot e feed tiny lotild not be linislinl lot tat sum Y lui Uni rcipust w u» m tilt Hi it ll"ev|ieiL»isioniiicted with the supervision «I tin ovpenditiue of loin moneys should »debited to the loan lueount \li los 1 iiltial that lie would dltnv the old i di ... he muck tins )iu nindition illa on tliosi Wo received w itir bung ilni(.id m III crea-el pi ICI foi it Jin pim vymild hive, toboêullicicnt to hunt, in tin -»inn i mount ff leviiim ns would liavo bun ohliimt-d I ii the lite bein l used \s to Hit ttpph ration for i fut tint lum lu vvmtlil hist of . I li ve to consult the lu istiiei to MO if len lins any iiiumy naiilihli, mil if It lill um «In Hu iiiiiii.t I lu it list '»till I tai t" |,,y ,|| s,linas m,| ,,OI| l-l jin is um uf iiaiuuc lum mom v« » u og uh mini Im Hut piiiji,i,i Ii «is »'ilul |" |_( ni_hl s (,oictn f t < i'itn tint îivised ti¡,ulitioiis n | ' t Hi intn of in"inui tidinls m Hi M jestv s li viv mil fut the intn ni « lenl i i un il coiihtiiiclioti wilhavieaa 1 »I i inn, ti unid m Hu Yhjostv ?. lv d it 1) iv i "put |,"1 1,_" muv id li t tin Innis ( iniiiiis~i< mi . u| tin Yil m It; tin in. Hw I \ull, "y tin (.mu '?> It « ils, niitilHil tint thin engi ?I tu'ii I hit - »ill he «mu .«""dil ti. ' ?Uintluiiui m tin u .uiim nu Hu u ui ti t, iiuf tliosiualan of SI Hi foi t ( I lill». Jloviikal tiny jutss tilt li r»rcil i\ mnttim lutlbei ?> ii lie ni II. ' 'M tied upon ipi he it mi, tu tin tua ut iJiiime, J)ifinii dipiilmint, io!' nine . ,' V\° "°,'h'"lend In ollci von genlle J' lit 1 Inn , veta g «K1 bund of vi V"1 .ll,_"','t ron"' blandlv ohsuiid 1 'o I h Hin,, ," (he 11, m ni in, at tin I .uria imiti"",f tin st", | i Mhungi »MU mini ,"" ,", y i st, ni ,y ","1 tin ff I iMiislintl, ""lui Hu,"s<Ives of 111,. J, ." ' "? »'ii-tHiK wis iniiila Ml t< ci mi la wal, the "it and thorn: i molMiis auta suliniiltid tin ,1,,,,,¡nan l\ ' l"ll,l,,1 " I'1.f the doings of Hu 1 biri'"', lll-""'i 1'lMs.d loua !' '"timo lui bien a M1J.I1I nnpinvemint .' '"'1* 11.1 th.., VI,,, ......llhcd lui '111 iileTi'_<?'» ' "'.'i"u ,"f "'ll faitum to be li lit Ils ,"1 thill Will ,"(,( . 'v ?" "" M'»»-<lul in obtat.g an tnloffi,. ,"" '"""Mi-e foi " fuitlu, riT1n;Ät,^ve,ii,,;;i.t,m,,k^üthL I 1 'i pus is Jus mt tidy l,u" ""ile, > H 1 In 1 ,1 ! ","-s|ioiulinL llliws ,1 ?" -1,;,ih, i,,ul iss,,,'-»"ii'óí! « mim ! ' '".'?".""¡illitdviiliviiiid «*M ("«.lu,,, 'ïi1 H" ''Miiiiem.i.dilv '» !^prt.or.,,,!"'î:-^- -- " Il .,1,M , f .. ?" '","1 J fLLl «"'.*.. ^'i li ni"'1.1"- "",Mt «.'t'-f'otou .inrtfoi tin int,,,». n,c llltl||pl, ""j ci\ali. in India must mainly depend upon tlie Australian nniket for their itmounts " Hit next ordinary general meeting of tlie Roi ti Gtogi iplnnl -society of Viistralasti will bl held on J »esdai nt\t when hu lolm A[idilcn pre .dent of the society, will iltltiei m iiiaiiL,ui ii ndiiicss md Mt V ) W t ¡.lit will it id u | t ct entitled ^otiiut tintine ot i llitlisli Colony l.oni iuesdiy, 2dtU mut, until ruesday 1st lune lntlus.ie (Sund ii e\ttplcd) the oil.ces of Hie electoral registi Us will be open until 10 o clotk etch dening foi the issue of electors rights In util of the coming genet ii election the soct ilisttc p erly l8 now ni ii tug special efioi ts to lint e its foi lowers tin-oiled di Ut lune Hit supplttnen tin list Ultu to be compiled nlToulmg the h-t opportunity ol cn.olinint pnoi to Hie elections it is the.ifoie csseuttil tint ill de-nous of i sistiue, ni the e Hist ol good go y ci muent slioiil I t-ec tint Un u n lines ne . ot omitted tioni tin eltttoi il i 11s MI iii it tim ...ii t\c.i.se ibu wuLIif m tilt ton test e\| ttted nt\t Ot toilet 1 ot s une tune pist the seeietm nf Hit Vusti ii win Ni lion ii 1 P ipili 1. is been e,i» nig spen d ittcti lion lo tin enfi uidiiseiiient of iletto. ind minne in doubt li is onli to lefot f ii infoi mitton to lum it the olhti s ot Hie Ieigue 274 Collins stteet liolls tin be Hispís ted Hine mil the n lines -md nddics.es of tlie y mons legisti us obtimel V decision of the titi in i^isti iles in i rise binujlit In Inspeetoi 1 His igniist Joseph Knk foi ibtculi of Iii 1 letones \tt 1800 na lite ntbjt t of ni oidti to teilen dealt with lester 1 ii In Ali lusttee VHeelett lue ilcfinliiu. w is thinned mtli h nmg lin si ill it Hie \ dom Abu'ct open nftei 10 p ni on ^ ii tit I ii V) id itli »it the honing liefni tilt )ti liets it i i» urged Hi it a si il) m tlie m u I t w is not n sliop within Hit iiiciumg if tin* lit iiul tint tliciefore the pi nisi tis ol tilt let is to time of closin did not ipph Hit Rcneh meptcl tins yiei mul dismis-a ii the tlnrge Ills Ifnnom licl I lint tlie ntl did appli to the tiefen hut s bt ill mil io nutted the ei t to the jiisticis to bt le lit nil Air W islet (nisliuctel bl tilt Ciown pohcitoi) tippen ni tor Hie mfoiin mt tillie HIS no itppe iiince. foi tlie de fendant Ah- lusttee V lice1 itt sue lus iccncl detisioti yesteithy upon in Hpphinlioii In Hie defend mt m Hie nitum ol Robinson i *?< If l'ilint- to leuioie Hit y enuc fiom Ullin it to li million Hie action yilncli is fin LI 000 d IIIIII,C4 foi m alleged libel, puliltshed bj the defend mt t> In» fitlici, Mi \ C Ptln.ei, Mihuloi, o, Hnimlton, mil tlso in tht llinnlton Sptttitoi ' news I ipet w as 11 foi i ed to fully in' LhcAigus' in linns hi list ]hs Ilonoui j esteulij lcfiisttl Hie ipplieition, clneily on the Hound th it the ti ni could tikt pliee at liilUi it ne\t month wlieicis it the yenue w re lemoitd to liimilton, it eotiltl not be t ii on until Oetohet 1 lie costs of the ap phcition weie mude costs in the cause Vu adjourned genonl meeting of credi tors w is held btfott Mr It G Al icUennott, it tint, chief Link in liisolicntj, yestiidny m Ule est ite of Robert Sit bel in lid Alntlite ~nn (deccised) lilt of l'otUiuid, indited y it tu iller nul Iii limul M niton Ramsay w ts dieted trastee Vii letion to recoiei i loin of £258 cn ¡,!"el the U tuition of Judge Hamilton in tin County Couit yesterday Hie phintitï HIS Alni tin \\\ ettie, licensee of tilt Post oll.te Club Hotel, 1 ii/abeth street and the defend nits weie the Trastees, L\ecutors, iinil lenity Conipiin Limited, o£ Collins stntt Mtlliotniie, idiiumstiutors of the i stitt ot Innes Kenroy, lite of the Roy ti Club Hotel tot net of ki ig and Little Col lins stiffs, n ho tiieil mttst ttt lite claim wes X2oS money lent to the deecesed in i utons sums at dilfeicnt times e\ttnd.ng oin the pciiod flota U teuibtt 5, ISO» to October J IS"-! Ali Al \ithiu, who in stiuittl In Air Tolin Don thoo ippeucil fin tlie phmttir btited tint tile titeéis il dut nie, tins | ciiod lodced it tlie Roi ii Club llitil which w is lept In the pluiiititT s s stci Hit pi uni ill being mungel mil hu me, an nitcitst m Hu business ill Kcnei lind i IOIIM Iel ible miount of piopcrty and iDtlmin to do ile w is nu t\tiioiilmui tliuictcr He spent much mont j on drink mil i c.ood de ti on oliint.es-his fnoiuite 1 hunty being the Littlo Ststeis ot the I'ooi i lit plnmtiit lent lum the money ti limed at y irions tunes, but, owing to Ive ney s piculT disposition, ney er pressed lum to íepay it knowing Hint lie would be top tut cicntuilli J lie pluntilf did, how eitr, mintion Um nutter when he yi es ibout to tike the Post tillite Chi») Hotel but just before he yyent into the bott! Kenty died Air Mon. liol (instituted by Alcssrs Lions and lurnei) who ipptttcd foi Hit defendants contended th it this 1 ir"c sum of money tould not li ne liten ltnt bl 1 in 111 who yins only recen mg lü 01 Vi 1 weel anti Hint the pi initilf w us entitled to not more Ulan A. sO ot AMI cs¡ eti lill us he pro timed lil lcitipts buln Hamilton ittel healing ¡the ciidencc tonsidtrcd the t isc hail bceii ployed md g ne the phmtiiï 1 icidtct for the amount c1 tuned each Mile to pij its own costs Air O Hei solicitor who took piocecd nigs 111 the ( ounij Court on lliursilt y to re coin ttom 1 domestic sen Tit 11 lined Alan Sillín ill the sum of J.21 I/o bilaiiLe due tindo 1 lull of (lists and lost the action isl not utishtd willi Hit iinhct of the jim, m I inten is to ipp-d to Hit Suprcnu Com t Mi Olletirltl utsilmtoi foi Miss Sill In 111 in an t( lion w Im li slit bl ouglit ngiinst 1 Mi Pittei on for tin l-ecoycn of 4 5S as w leis due to li 1 nul stitts Um* is site insisted on i\ptdttion fen ing Hut Patter sin would e,o in-ohuit he took the best e ur c mulct Hie 1 iittmist intcs 111 bunging the letion 111 the Supreme Court The jury it. the Counti Cotnt on lliurshy held the opinion tint tilt ut on tlioiild haye been lu tight in tht comity Com t 5h 0 Hea p mils out Hint lie idy ised Hiss Still» in, on Hie assumption tllit the action would be 111 Icfendeil tit it the expedition she re lim ed 11 mid be got m tho Supreme Couit it len little extra cost Contran to e\ pettit ion lum c\ GI, Hie action was de feiidcil wlut li mcieisetl the costs, but Miss Sitlltia' got u \ ei diet for the ±5S and t nul c i ts Ou nu; to illness in ins fiuiul». Judge Altiksworlh \i is unable to attend Hie In sob mci Couit y ostini n The husmos listiil fe>r that du li is lwen postponed until luesilai, at linlf past 10 a ni Tong and tierce into Hie arguments «Uah win stl foi til al list night s meit nu of the lindes hull iiiruilmg the loti lion winn, ti Kelli! t on io operation winch Lint] lit issi i is to h( liiutid to dtitici should hi (;iwn Alt lohn Graham moled Hut Hit (iiiutiiot be asked to iettuie at Hie I iLini stitet lull itselt Al m\ people Hi ingot Hi it Uu indi hill M is lined with bombs and infunil miniums obserird tlie turner, and it tilt ( ullin a tame Uten to Intim it wnulli dis ibusi then minds Mi (?illicit win set indi I Hit motion ie niail ni Unit lu bul wini id for Ah 1 boin is I i is i md lioiininid lum toi bung the hist employ oi it Hill uihe id to emmie 'ii Hint bonis du \ftci iii leeilib li id mini I an iniiiidincnt to t t iluit Uni tie lctlim bi UiUl in tin Moll ourni lunn lull unou the uiispieis it tin hidislull Mi St in lu Mipputtl tin tiumd motion on tin M limul tint it wolli I Ulinga mt nu ttlnl to Hu Institution linn t une a nntlt man wini nilli i inth titistnl tit it lui 1 Iti is e» mi-lit ni lie i metiiliet ot tin t uni ni is i iipu cutline of the S mini s I mm lilt who It util tint Hu eliottt ol 111, Milliiuiui I ou n li ill uould lesult in Hu In t ii tis itislmig all the n its tin liss im mil us yiue t ii tn Hie n suit of Hu iii ins-i in w is Hit adoption ol i sut u I tintiidinint to inn Hu in »Uti to Hie e\e eittiu tun.n.tt Hu 17th mini ii ilu s ,n.ti li bit ni cn Anton i mid Vii Suth \\\ iles is I, lie lil m ti on Moid n an 1 au m-uiutits Inn li en milli In tin »mund it un. Un plum in the npp I lull <t Hu Mtlbtnune Atlitniimu I'lu istoltgin ut ii tputtti p ist Uti ni nul iisitiits will hi admittid on limitent n a nulli i lunn lo inn t\ pensi s Hit \ it tu i in ti ,m w ill i m i»t 11 10 pi net i ti l)i sein ti ii Inim Hit follow ing-Cuni I sim, 11 ml md linde, on Linilills IA nein m V>ill Ixmc Hilliup sim lomlilis n \\\ eldin, \\\ il-oii, Witton, anil \ouiil lum lit a pin ile Utttr dil 1 \pnl li M ti ned ljiiiii I mini horn Mi I It II ins n tin »mini. Mt II oin nt utist lu stitts tint he did not nuit i ninia U st miine, tiny pit till is lo Uu Inn ii \i ilu»» m i Um exhibition-, Uni »in UM tun. is full» tutupied willi pi I» uti iiiniiiiis,,iüits mid in til ing ttpits til the oil iniistus lit will lttittn to Mu lunn ut nt tin uni ni the pits nt », n and will linne, with him Ins more unooitint colins 1 Kim sttlislus piipuid (miles oin flunodin iiiiiisponiUutl it iipptus tint at tin hist MIHI ii ilu lion in At»» /eiluul 7(141 pir tint of the wollun on the mils iiitid, wluli Hu pi iipnt I ion ol min w is 7"ilK) It ins to hu iiuiiiubut-tl, liomin, that ultu mole about mute thin women m M uih of wot I Hu li tin ti tipprits to show (li if min» wiinit n lim tittil ot Hie prm lege, li i tust Uu pt iipnt t ion (ST IS pu nut ) who »ottil m lS'll nilen (lie »otc w is lii~st tnnleitid on wollun w is I iisgct til m I isl J)t (ininti in tin foin ininiipil utus 27 111 wollun »oin! and 2S7I7 nun hi Dum tim tin »»niiieti wlio yoteel i\ituliil tin nun b» 117 mil in Clmst tlint<Ii In 1)2 lu \it< 1 lind, howoiu, tilt mimbi! if min who »olid was tnutti in 121), muí ut Wilhm.1»" In »Ml Ino loi mu lisulnits, of A letiinn haye JUKI pis-.nl ni»ny (wntes oin Dunedin tot ti-spoiiilinO Jil Moses 1 tin in Jlntiiiil au!»ni ni A iitonii in 18.11 and lollowcd Hu gold iiishm to 1 orct (ink, A»oin, and other nlucr_, including Ballarat, whetc he arrived three da) s hefoio tho Lureka Sitockade incident He was, on the whole, vera successful He was attiacted to Ol leo b) the discovery of gold and after vvoiling on various iielili settled down to fruit M owing it leviot being one of the pmneirs in thedistuet which he and othei have in ide lanious Huoughout "\evv A-i land Ue was al sears ot age and Ieavc= ni eood incmnstiiiies i widow tnd ino children the othei A lctoinn was Polue Sugeant Alajoi Moore who after serving in tin Ii ish cDiistabuhr) emigrated to Ate torn where he joined the force and ans stationed for some time m Bendigo 111 w is selected by i\lr Branigan for the Otago police font and ro«e to the rani*, of in speetoi when he w-is retired As he ayas still an ictivi min lit yv is allowed to i"jon. with tin i ml of seii-iant mnjoi He (lied in Wistpoit afin a shoit illness In our idaeiUsing ioniums- nie published mun"i ms pies» not.u» ot Sn linn) \\\ t ison s i cent w oik on Soenhsni Hie limes tin Sutsmii) tho tolhciv Guirdn.i t\n Iilettv Revuvv mid Hu Cioiuitni "Neus ure sonic of th holm louiutls v bull btv», i\tiies ed must I iv oin ihlo opinions 11 Ni lleim \\\ii\ons bool, windi iii reieive» lOinmiiid ition horn the Ihn» juc His J\cilkmv tho Governor ind T a,h Bru-siy mil suitt will he ptisent it the \ J\ (. rices on Mond iv (Queen sBtitlulaa) it 1 lemington The annual meeting of the \ ictonan *»() eietv for tilt Pievration of t_incita to mil \e"kct ot (Jiililun ts to bo held on Alon 1 tv ev clinic Aliv I m the Alclboume loira li ill Ina lil atti lition to (lie t-atlur in«, u niusii ii pío i mun» his b"eii in ? in ed windi unhides s HIL« In Ahss Ida Isb mi nul A!_s Maggil Stn ling Ah Millstone Wnjit tin Liri of Mi tfUsbuiv and Air y\ 11 (Jim eli Ydilresscs aadl he lehvcrcd dining the evening bv Ills 1 \eel lcncv IhcGoveinoi HieChielJiist.ee md the Eev Dr Al irsh ill Ah Hain J utniss will cninmenee his cues of cnteit uniucuts m the Ythenauni h ill this ey emng J)ni IHR the If. v e u . th it ho neild ¡es Pub imintan *1 etclin foi Pundi the chin urn ititii_t lu I spend opportunities for hemming iiqtiitntcd with the ey end iv life of the House ot ( minions Hld thcie nie few lionoui ible mend us who have not lound themselves amongst Ah iutnisss a.ctmis In idd.tion to his 'dick and white skctihes- Hi lutuiir will .tit luutalions of the «tile of pohtieiuis of ill pal-tics, ind the eiitei t mini'Mit vv ill i on elude with m lllusti itr-d dcscnptiui if in inijioitant debate, m windi Air f.l dstone Air Btlfour, Ah Chamberlain s" YYilhim Harcourt and othei leiduig statesmen will lal e patt 1 lune must be maiiv ailinn cn of Pol ort Lotus Stevenson tn the eui my win min. Hut a movement to est ibbsh a men omi of linn was nfoot in Johnburgh, 'tavchieii jsl ing themselvis what pirt in such ... niori.I w as to he tal en bv aYustrali i Yu tin it ition to take part has teen ri-eived from home md n preliminary mieting w is huh held it vyhiili a committee VVH nppomttd ion sisting of Ah Inines Balfnin Al Li (a cousin of Mi Stevenson) aYh 1 Y larovyiit ('Holf lloldrewood' ) Professors "lasson Moms lieutoul, and Tucker, the llcv A\ I H 1 ilchett, Ui Jamies, it, Mr.«rs r L Armstiong, A Goold, a\ _ Melville, and II G Jumei avith power to add to lh-ir nunihei Ah fumer (ComiiiTcinl Pani. Melbourne) was unpointed ticisurer and Ali Armstrong of the Public libran, bon sei ret in It was further decided that Hie present time was not opportune but thal in August a Stevenson light sliould bo held, when short addresses on 'us works aliottl 1 bo given, togethei with a little music Ah K Arurrav Smith AI L Y , «di ad (hess a meeting in the town hull, J il/iov ou llmtsd iv evening nc\t The sul net of lusrennil s will he I ice Inde and Piotec lion is Tested bv J \pettence Hie meeting will be held under the mspiccs of the I ree ti ade Lengui Hie souce oí the Alliance Irineaiso windi w ts to linn bein hell an May 27 lins been abandone I on inn tint of the dcith of the hie s,r YYilhim Ci ile Jin next soiru w ill be held on June 17 A dnmitic peifoinnnce entitled I tlecn Oge vv is tivcii in ÍUL Noilh Melbourne Jovynhnll list night bv the mimbil, of the bt Mar) s Iii untie ( lub I iie pio cecils nie to be devoted to the buddln,, fund of the new *. Al ii j s hollian Cithohe Cluuili YYist Mclhouriie 'Hie puforni ann vv is very ciedit dil) (.one through, tht mi item s tcquitting themselves well unlit w is nmeli enjoved bv the 1 irgc niidicnee present Oin iigutt tbli fnture in tin in tpiests of publie sifitv was the ovct uowd nil, of the town hull ill the passes being hine 1 ed and apparently the sime pohee supervision is not eaeuised at simm bin en tel i mimi nt» as at the city pi iocs pf (iniu . nient Hid a panic tikm plice at the \orth Alelbournc I ou ii li ill 1 i«t nnjit the coiiT-niicnic«. would havi prohibí) bein of a tiagicil intmi In rt- non o tn Mr 1 I sincock s appeal for nn olel limn 111 tll'tross l c hilo re-ee licit the folio« imr ci ntribiitioiia -« Millar el/I/ Thrift el » II lu/ Paringi ID/ »unimcrlio, ' Jolimont 10/ IIS,!/ » I riinel 2 t, Tito Ilci 1) 1 Hoekhart ilcslrcs in response lo his ii] | oil on lolnlf of the ii Won of W lllioui C »Hen Iho 11-11 nu m il mu nod in the In» lo .tlklioiili Ino tlio receipt of tile f llowintr itiiounts -»Ir li 1 Tlie Mel i.' l)r ( ok jll/1/ Mi- Sinolt ' Mr mil Mrs Iionliirl ».i i r w/ \ w n i / Iho 111 hip of Monomie will preach at St Muline! » Church North Cirltt n 11 morrón morn lill, on tile ocoalon (Í the ainiiiersir' A reference to 1 It etion Ni tites in our ntl »ertlsing column* lull eil'clo-c ti o lunes Hld nelelrcssoa of business i eoplt ii|ion nh se | remises votirs 1'iirli mientan rolls for the lästern í-uhurt s constitueiic- mu lu in t cole 1 S| trial notices to mom! en if the 1 yhihltion ~-iunl.il behool choir appeir in the »niuseincuU coll tun Tie tramiu» an-incréments fir the Queens nirthiln» will bo fi und u lierli«eil in the Hull »mis mtil Cou»ounces toliitnn rite last cars »»111 not louie the citi until ml Inltrht The »USfi Co Ilmilel neliertlsc tint the «ailimr oí the s s Cintra lus been post] oneel until 4 p in to dal TO DAY S ARR \NGriIEXf's Williamstown Raes, ot »i llhanibtow n Tor Other Sporting lixtures sec Sporting Columns \uction feules -See Abstract, page 2 nirvrms AND LMHRTAIXMLXTS Puncéis Iheatre-rust appearance of Hie Piuilton Sttinlt> Cotupany m "A Night Out," 7 15 pm The-itic Hoial--'In ¡sieht of St Paul's," 8pm Open house-Air Harr» Rickards'« Spe ti dti Compani, S p ni lilliput Til ice-Mi lied Tordhain's Com pin», S p ni Ulu nimm lull - "Ui Hirrv Furniss'a Tirst \i etui-e, ' lite llunmuis of Parlai ment, S p m 1 ciiipei ince hall - People ti Concert and S uictj IjiterUunineiit, S pm SLNim 1 oi Church Remets eli, see page 0 