MAIL 'NEWS FEOM LONDON FILES. queen Victoria's medals. The Queen has instituted a grant of medals, to be called 'Queen Victoria's Medals,' as a special reward to cadets wh» distinguish themselves during their course ef study at the Royal Military Aca demy and the Beyal Military College. A HAUNTED HOUSE. Bryn Bras castle and estate of about 80 acres, near the celebrated Llaaberis Pass, in tbe county of Carnarvon, have been sold by private treaty by Messrs. Hedger and Mixer, #f Whitehall, Leaden, S.W. The castle is said to have cost some .£20,000 to build, and has the reputation of being haunted, the 'ghost' being in cluded in the sale. BATTKNBEEO MEMORIAL. Sir Charles Seely, who offered .£1,000 conditionally towards the rebuilding of tbe chancel ef Caris bro*k Church, as part of the Isle of Wight memorial to the late Prince Henry ef Battenberg, now writes that, owing to the continued opposition from tbe press, tbe scheme bad better be abandoned. Princess Beatrice approves «f the withdrawal of the scheme. FRONTIER CHU.DBEN. Little Miss Meg Meiklejohn is the daughter of a gallant brigadier genera L, and shares with the two children of Majer des Voeus the honor of being the youngest cam paigners in the Indian frontier war. The Des Voeux children were shut up in F*rt Gulistan, and after its relief Miss Des Voeux told a graphic baby story of how ' daddy shotted' the rebels. Miss Meikle john has had a similar experience at the Malakand fort, where she was a prisoner for maiy days, and delighted the soldiers by her fear less behaviour. HtnJGABIAX PETE. On October 5 the Archduke) Josepb, cousin of the Emperer cf Austria, wh« resides in Hungary, assembled all bis schoolfellows at tbe Royal Burgh at Buda. It was 50 years since the archduke, whose father, the Palatine of Hungary, made him attend the public grammar-school, bade good bye to his schoolmates at its gates. Not very many in the same class with him are still alive, but all these who are came at bis bidding. They went to Mass first of all, of course, and then partook of a luncheon in the archduke's palaro. They represent almost all ranks in life, from a major-general to a saddler. KAISER AND SCULLION. While at Budapesth the Kaiser received by post a letter ceuched iu the following terms : — ' Most distinguished Herr Kaiser, I have broken 35 plates belonging to my iaaaet«r, and I must pay for them, but I bave no money. I implore you to send me a few flerins. Thanking y«u in advance, and mth respectful greetings to y©ur wife and children, I am, -.vc.' The sender was an unhappy sc^i li*n empleyed at a restaurant in the city. Next day the lad was summoned to the German con solate, where, after due inquiry, be received five florins, together' with a severe warning to be more careful .n future «f the crockery entrusted 'o hi6 care, t ===== ' Cigarettes f«r ladies' snicking ' are sold in London, provided with specially - prepared meuthpieces. They are perfumed with musk and violet, and they are enjoying a very extensive sale. ' 