CHAPTER VIII. Tee Verdict. ^■k^IIROUGH S OUT that g sombre <1 a y .3. rain fell in a steady downpour, the shy showed no trace of sun, beary, motionless cloudscovcredthc inouutain tops. Ail that was mortal of Sir Philip Trcgazkes lay in the little roomhehadcalled liis study. Strangers tame and went, doctors and policemen, the county coroner aud his clerk, the deceased's solicitors—all of them looking with pity on one whose promising life had been so suddenly cut short. Though he bad no fear of death itself, Iligel had a deep-rooted horror of a life less body, aud therefore steadily avoided the tragic sight of his cousin's cold and rigid figure. From the hour when news of the accident had been brought to him, lligcl had suffered terrible depres sion.' AVith weary restlessness be wandered about the glonuiy galleries, the long corridors, tlie empty rooms of -the castle, in an aimless and absent minded way, speaking only when addressed, and answering as briefly as possible. The one person who, without busi ness, ventured to intrude .upon bis melancholy was Major Claypole, who had hurried to the castle on hearing the tragic uews. lie found Iligel half hidden iu the deep embrasure of one of the, library windows, lookiug with vacant syes on the desolate sodden earth and the sombre gray mists that stretched above the valleys, his mind absorbed. .' My dear boy,' the major said, his thin voice quivering from excitement and pain, ' this is terrible—oh, this is terrible.' Itigcl shook hands with him in silence. ' Only last night, when I parted with him, he was in the best of health, and this morning brings news of his death. If he hadn't walked home across that dangerous headland on such a frosty night. Poor lad, poor lad. He must have missed his footing. Eh ?' ' I suppose you were the last person who saw him alive?' Rigel said, look ing at the major's troubled eyes, round which the wrinkles bad deepened. 'Probably. That will no doubt come out at the inquest.' ' The inquest—yes, I suppose it will,' Rigel remarked, turning his eyes once more towards the blurred and dreary j landscape, with its torrents of rain, that mggested interminable tears. • The news must have come as a »reat shock to Miss Claypole?' said Rigel, looking attentively at the major. ' Terrible, terrible,' the little man answered, dejectedly. ' You cannot imagine what it cost me to break the news; it quite upset me.' 'You broke it gently, of course,' re marked Rigel, his eyes still closely! observing the major, his ears alert to catch every intouatiou of the speaker's ' As gently as possible; but she seemed to anticipate bad news.' ' She did 7 Rigcl gasped. ' Perhaps she read it in my face. At all events, when I entered her bed room early this morning she implored me to tell her the worst at once. She appeared to have had a presentiment that some misfortune had happened to Philip. No wonder. She was very fond of him.' ' Did she anticipate news of his death ?' Rigel ashed, striving to steady his voice that was surging with sup pressed excitement. ' No, no; only that some trouble, some accident, had happened ; then, poor child, she became delirious. No wonder; in a few months more she would have been his wife. He was desperately fond of her,' and she of him. Eh ?' ' Is she delirious still—I mean, is she better?' lfigel asked, with s< anxiety. ' I sent for the doctor, though she begged me not before she became quite delirious, and he gave her a sleeping draught.' ' So that she is now unconscious V 'She was sleeping when'I left.' ' That's a mercy,' Itigcl muttered. ' Yes; for the doctor says some hours of sound sleep may ward off the brain fever that threatens her. Kh ?' ' Let us hope she will escape that.' ' I always hope for the best and strive to be cheerful,' replied the major, pathetically. ' If only Philip had lived a few months longer. But I have never been a lucky man, never. If you only knew, dear boy, I have had troubles bitter troubles, though I show a brave heart.' And he wiped away a few tears that had dimmed his bright blue eyes. ' As for myself,' remarked Nigel, geutly, ' I had no idea I should miss Philin so much.' 4 We never know bow mucb we care for people until they have left us. And I can hardly realise that he is not with us still. I fancy I ought to hear the sound of his footsteps coming from the study, the ring of his cheery voice welcoming me. And it seems hitter to think how readily he might have escaped this accident. Had he gone home by the other way, he would now be living. He of all iuen ought to have known how dangerous the Devil's Head is on a dark aud frosty night. Poor Philip.' 4 When I first saw the place I was struck by its sombre appearance, though I little thought at the time how soon it would he connected with a tragedy,' said Itigcl. 4 Xot the first of its kind that has happened there cither,' Major Claypole stated. 4 Three years ago a young shepherd missed his footing late at night, and was found with his neck broken at the foot of the precipice nest morning.' 41 hadn't heard that.' 4 You must have the pathway fenced,5 the major suggested. 41 shall stop all traffic across the head land in. future,' answered Itigel. 4 And now, dear hoy, I must get hack to Oriana.' 11 shall be anxious to hear bow she is. I trust there will be no fever; no cause for anxiety.' 41 will tell her of your kind in quiries. They will cheer her, aud I shall come and see you soon again. Perhaps I can he of some help to you during this tryiug time,' said the major, as he moved, away with a pathetic absence of his usual brisk air. Two days later an inquest was held to inquire into the circumstances of Sir Philip's death. Evidence of identifica tion being taken. Hark Eraser, an under gardener, was the first witness examined. Whilst on the way to the castle grounds, and at about sevwftin the morning, lie had discovered Sir Philip's body lying face downwards at the foot of the Devil's Head. The deceased was quite cold. Witness had run to the castle, the nearest residence, where he gave the alarm, and obtained assistance in removing flic body. Doctor Finskung, who had been sent for, then described the body as being in a perfectly healthy condition. Death had resulted from a wound two inches deep on the left temple through com ing in contact with a sharp stone. In his opinion life had been extinct several hours when the body was discovered. On being cross-examined, the doctor declared that such a wound as the temple showed was sufficient to cause instant death. The force with which a body falling from a height of several hundred feet would strike a sharp im peding stone would satisfactorily account for so severe a wound. There were no signs or marks of strain or violence on the body, except scratches on the face aud hands, which had been produced by briars and bushes. There was no indication of violence having been used, or that the deceased had come to his death by any other means than by accident. Higel next gave evidence as to the last time when ho had seen his cousin alive. They had met in a corridor the evening of Sir Philip's. death, and exchanged a few words before each went to his own room. They had not quarrelled at any time, nor had a dis agreement ever arisen between them. Kigel had dined alone that evening, and at about ten o'clock had gone to his bedroom. Next morning he had been wakened- from sleep to hear of his cousin's death. The clear and willing manner in which' lie gave his evidence, his deep feeling ami grave comportment, favourably impressed the coroner and jury. Major Claypolc was next called, and stated that the deceased had dined at Coctmor Cottage on the evenlug of his death. They were alone on this occa sion, as Miss Claypolc was ill. Sir Philip had seemed in his usual health • he had shown no depression, but, on the contrary, had spoken cheerfully of future plans. He had left the cottage about eleven o'clock'. Witness had not again seen Sir Philip alive. When he dined at Coetmor Cottage it had been his custom on fine nights to walk home ; the way he usually took being across the Devil's Head, as that was the most direct and shortest. Wituess considered that on frosty nights the path across the headland was decidedly dangerous. He did not know if this opinion was shared by the deceased. Witness had made a remark to Sir Philip about the darkness of the night, but the latter had replied that he knew every inch of the ground and that the moon would rise before twelve. In reply to a juryman the major said his daughter had been engaged to marry Sir Philip. The engagement had not been broken off; ou the contrary the dale of her marriage would have been fixed the evening the baronet dined with him had she been well enough to sec her fiance. Xo misunderstanding or estrangement had ever arisen between witness and the deceased. Glyndwyr bad last seen his master alive as he stepped into the brougham that drove him to Coetmor Cottage. Sir Philip had been a considerate master, and never wished his servants to wait up for liira.• On returning late it bad been his custom to enter by the portal in the western tower, of which lie had a latchkey. Witness had gone to bed before eleven, and on his way had heard Mr. Itigel playing the fiddle in his room. It was witness who had woke Mr. Iligel next morning to tell him of the tragedy. In auswer to the foreman, Glyndwyr said he had never heard angry or un pleasant words pass between Sir Philip and his cousin ; to his knowledge they had never quarrelled, but had always appeared good friends. Sergeant Howls, a sharp-nosed, shrewd-looking man, stated that the body had been removed to the castle when he had seen it, a course that should not have been taken until the police had inspected the spot wbcre it was found. He and hisfcllow officers had immediately examined the place where the deceased had met his death. The brushwood growing on the side of the precipice showed the track taken by the body in its descent. At the bottom of the precipice he had found a sharp stone covered with blood, which be produced, whose point, the doctor subsequently affirmed, corresponded to the indenture in the left temple of the deceased. Sergeant Howes furthermore stated that the summit of the precipice showed 110 signs of where the deceased bad slipped. As rain had begun to fall before the examination took place, and the frosty ground had thawed, it was impossible to find traces of a struggle, if such had taken place. In his opinion Sir Philip had slipped on a smooth stone that lay embedded in the ground near the edge of the precipice, and rose an inch above the earth, and in that way lost his footing. The last witness called was George Foulsham, a gamekeeper, a brown faced, slightly-built young man with a look of strength in his dark eyes. For generations his people had been farmers on the Tregazkes estate, until eril times falling on them they were ao longer able to rent their land, when this, the last of their line, had, in pre ference to seeking his fortune abroad, taken service as a gamekeeper, that he might remain with his parents, whose support he became. George Foulsham stated that on the night Sir Philip met his death he (wit ness) was in the pork. Whilst he was sheltered by some trees about six hun dred yards from the Deril's Head, which then lay between him and the castle, he had heard a sharp and sudden cry that at first he had thought was a woman's voice. He waited to hear if it would be. repeated, hut no second cry was given. He then con eluded the sound had come from some frightened bird. He knew that birds built on the side of the precipice. Asked what he now believed, he hesi tated, then answered that the err was so brief and sudden he could not say, but he supposed it was a bird disturbed by Sir Philip's fall. He had gone forward towards the Devil's Head, but had heard nothing more during the night. He had men tioned having heard the sound to another gamekeeper before he was aware of Sir Philip's death. Questions and examina tions failing to gain anything more from him, it merely remained for the coroner to sum up. This he did briefly aud clearly, pointing out the absence of all evidence to prove that the deceased had come by his death through the instru mentality of another or others, or by any means save that of accident; aud in agreement with this view the jurr with out hesitation, returned a verdict of accidental death. And so it happened that within a week from the day on which Sir Philip i Tregazkes had hoped to have the date of his marriage fixed, his mortal j remains were laid with the ashes of his ancestors in the dark vaults of Cyniner Abbey. Late in the night of the day on which this event took place, lligel sat alone in the library. He had occupied the same chair since dinner time, neither attempting to read nor to write, indeed scarcely Stirling, his mind occupied by one dominant thought that shut out all others. The chilliness of the room, in which the fire had long died out, at last roused him, when he rose and walked backwards and forwards, striving to lid himself of the idea that gripped him. I!y degrees the library seemed to become a prison from whieh he sought to escape, forget ting that it was his own thoughts from which he strove to break away. In the hope of temporarily lidding himself of his burden, he left the room, and following a long narrow passage, came to a little hall. Here he put on his coat and cap, and passing through the portal of the western tower came upon a broad plateau that flanked this side of the castle and led to the shrub bery, covering a steep descent to the valley. The night was cold ; a pale, hazy sky, flighted by a late moon, hung over on opal-tinted world—a world of profound silence and of perfect peace. Now and then a breeze stirred the dead leaves lying thick around his feet. In the near distance were the terraces, whose white statues peered like ghosts through the gloom ; below stretched the trees, withered and black and stirred by cverj" breatli, like guilty souls tbat trembled with straiige fears. Lighting a cigar, lie moved slowly through this solitary melancholy scene, ahrtiys haunted by his thoughts. A movement to the right brought him in front of two poplar trees, straight and black, streaking the face of the low lying moon. Instantly they recalled a certain memorable night, when he had waited in a garden near Florence whose black cypress trees had barred the yellow moon. There was warmth then in the air, and joy in his veins; a languorous, delicious odour of orange and lemon groves, and sweet-scented herbs secreting themselves in the under wood, had stolen on and exalted his senses. flVhy not leave this place, with its oppressive associations, and return to the south, where life might be enjoyed to the full ? he asked himself. He looked up at the castle, with its darkened wiudows, its massive towers, its vast size exaggerated m the gloom, its shadow stretching around and beyond him. The place held him in its darkness. As he looked, the clock struck midnight, and a shudder passed through him, for the hell of the clock was the same that had tolled the passing kuell for his uncle and his cousin, and its slow tones seemed funereal. He moved hurriedly away, when a sound as of following footsteps fell upon his ear. He turned, but saw nothing save a, withered leaf blown by the wind, then walked on ouce more, only to hear the same sound repeated. Again he paused and listened, breathlessly, some sense of terror creeping over and cowering him. As he did, the steps sounded more distinctly; the branches of the shrubbery iu front were parted and a man's figure appeared, hesitated, and then advanced to where Sir Itigcl stood ia breathless surprise. Before he came quite close, ltigel. recognised George Foulsham, the gamekeeper, who had given evidence at the inquiry. ltigel stared at him iu silence. Foulsham touched his fur cap, and looking fixedly at his master's face, that iu the moonlight seemed white and im movable as marble, said, ' Beg pardon, Sir Kigel.' ' Ah, Foulshani, you are looking after the poachers. Have the rascals been troublesome of late?' ltigel said, striving to conceal the dismay .he felt at the undesireil appearance of this'witness ' at the inquest. ' It's not that, Sir ltigel,' the game keeper replied, a little awkwardly, as he fixed liis e/es upon his master's face. 'Ho?' 41 have been waiting for a chance of speaking to you for some days ; and when in the shubbery I heard someone moving about I thought it was likely to be 3*ou, so I came up. Hope you'll excuse me, Sir Rigel.' The bewildcrmeut and suspense EigeL had felt nt first sight of the man deepened at his words. 1 You want to speak to me?' ho remarked, by way of saying something, whilst he strove to coutrol himself. 4 If you please, Sir Rigcl,' replied Foulshum, in a grave voice. * "WJtiii is it ? * lligcl jerked out as ho came closer to hiiu. . .. _ The gamekeeper hesitated in his answer, whilst his embarrassment in creased. , 4 Tell mo—tell mc,' said Rigel, eagerly. Foulshnm looked over his shoulder / towards the shrubberies and around him, where the black shadows of the castle walls fell upon the terraces, before replying. 4 II you please, Sir Rigel, I would rather talk to you where there's. noi chance of what I say being overheard.' [to EE CONTINUED NEXT TTEKX.j 