Why Did He Love Her? CHAPTER XXVIII (Continued) He went to a shelf and took down an old English magazine which contained the ac count of what happened in the house of Mr. Wesley in the last century. Fontaine attempted to read it over again, but the letters assumed all the colours of the rainbow. With a sudden impulse of rage, he drew the vial from his pocket and hurled it into the fire, while he muttered: " I'll not touch a drop of his mixtures. It will be useless; I know that the vital cause lies too deep for medicine to reach." He tried other volumeswith the same re sult, and then sat till the sun was setting, looking before him, a strange whirl of thought passing through his excited brain. CHAPTER XX3I. MSTEraIOUS NOISES. Fontaine was aroused from the chaos of thought into which he had fallen, by the arrival of Dr. Sinclair. When told that Fontaine could no longer read, that the letters on the page danced before his vision, he shook his head and said: " This indicates a terrible state- of the blood. You must go through a course of medicine, and I insist you shall go to bed and take my prescriptions regularly, living on tea and toast or gruel." "It will dono good, doctor; I am too far gone to hope anything from your skill," said Fontaine. " Far gone, when you look as strong as I do! Nonsense. I never had exactly such a case as this before, but I'll engage to bring you through. " If you knew all you wouldnot think so," was the gloomy response. " You speak like the hero of a tragedy. Come, this will never do. You must have faith in my skill, or I can accomplish little. I have few fears as to the ultimate result." "Doctor, madness has never before at tacked one of my family, but I shall become its victim. Nay, I am mad already; I am losing my reason, and I know that it is leaving me." The physician compassionately regarded him. " My dear Fontaine, a man who can thus reason about his condition cannot be far gone in the dominions of Luna. If you persit in this delusion, I shall be com pelled to have your head shaved, clap on a blister, and put you in a ,straight jacket. How would you like that, eh ?" "Doctor," said Fontaine, " we have been friends of long standing, and I wish to ex act of you one promise, which you will not fail to fulfil. If my fears are verified, I wish you to comprehend that physical causes have nothing to do with my condi tion. My sufferings are mental, and they proceed from memories which have affected my happiness. Since I must fall into your hands. I demand that no violent remedies shall be used with me. If I become un manageable, shut me up in aroom with one of my own people to wait on me; but do not permit me to be sent to an asylum. Will you promise me this ?" His changed face and eager manner affected the listener, and he replied with emsotion : "If it comes to that I will see that your wishes are fulfilled, but if you will permit are to treat you with the vigour that I :onsider necessary, I can soon lay at rest the phantom of which you told me this morning." "Not if it is sent as a punishment of a =rime which has remained unwhipt of man's justice," said Fontaine. "Look at my hand; it is spotless to all outward seeming, yet it has been raised against a bunman life. Through my means a soul was sent to its account, which is permitted to wander through spade; to visit me at its own will, and to assume the form it wore on earth, that it may torture me with its awful presence. There it is now; it stands between you and myself. It is a horror to me to look upon it, yet I cannot evade it." "Do you know, Claude Fontaine, that you have avowed yourself a murderer? and of whom ? Tell me, is it Henry who comes to you ? who glides before you as an accus ing spirit ?" " It is Henry 1" As the low tones fell on the ears of Dr. Sinclair, he started up with blanched lips, and eyes s:arcely less wild than those of thespeaker. Henry Funtaine bad been the dearest f:ien? of his youth. He said: " Oh ! my God I this is dreadful ! Claude, \- Claude, what tempted you to the dire wickedness which is bringing after it so fearful a retribution!" "The old story-jealousy. But ·I swear to you that I would have taken my own life sooner than have attempted that of my brother. I was the victim of a terrible de lusion, which caused his death and has branded me with the undying curse that -leaves to fratricide. I thought to have carried this secret to the grave, but a power I cannot resistcompels me to speak of it to you. Soon everyone will know it, for that which is looming before me will force me to speak of what is ever ib my thoughts." There was a long pause which was broken by the physician. " I will do all for you, Fontaine, that my skill can effect; but with so fatal a cause for this hallucination, I do not know that any good result can come from my efforts. I can promise nothing, but I will do my best to-" "Your efforts will be useless," inter rupted Fontaine. "The only service I will accept at your hands, is to see that my wishes with reference to myself shall be carried out." "That I promise to do. Since you de eline my medical services, there will be little use in calling each day." "Asyouplease," was the reply. "But when you hear that I am insane, come hither, and assume such authority as will enable you to carry out the wishes I have expressed to you." In bewilderment Dr. Sinclair left the house. Fontaine paced in the darkening room till supper was announced, He ordered his tea to be sent in to him; and after drinking it he threw himself on the bed, and fell into a disturbed slumber. The hours passed on; faint echoes of music came from the drawing-room, in which the three girls were left together. Isola and Fanny occupied the oame chamber. and after talking they fell into the sound sleep of Youth. The witching hour of night rolledaround, the clock in the hall rang out its resonant peal, and as the echoes died away, there came a sound as if a clap of thunder had burst over the roof. Every creature in the house was aroused to hear a Babel of noises which seemed to come from the rooms below. The two girls started up in alarm; but Isola had presence of mind to light her lamp. She and Fanny threw on their dressing robes, and prepared to go down to ascertaiu what caused the disturbance. But as they approached the door, a shower of raps were struck on the panels till the wall seemed to vibrate be neath them. They drew back, trembling; and Celia rushed forward, locked the door, and throwing herself before sola, with roll ing eyes, exclaimed: " Don't go out dar, Missy, for de Ebis sary has got persession o' dis house. Come, let us tay our pra'rs." "I must go ! Don't hold my gown, Celia, for I must see what has happened to my father." Although she was pale, the face of the speaker showed that she had courage to face whatever danger might be without. By this time the noise had receded, and afraid to be left alone, the three stepped into the empty hall. At the same instant, Senora Roselli and Savella came from the room of the latter, both looking alarmed. "What on earth can be the matter?" asked the elder lady. "I hope there is no trouble among the negroes." Isola quickly replied: "Do not be alarmed on that score. There is nothing to be apprehended from the people. Where is Mr. Summerton? The noise must have aroused him, though he does not make his appearance." "He has gone to look after Mr. Fontaine, for he must have been as much frightened as we are by this disturbance." They formed a procession down the stair case, the Senora-and her niece bringing up the rear. As they gained the lower hall, the door of Fontaine's room was open, and a light streamed from it. The appalling sounds which had aroused them seemed now to have flitted up stairs, and raps re verberated down the winding staircase in every direction. Regardless of everything but her pro tector, Isola entered his apartment, to find him lying insensible on his bed, with Sum merton bathing his face, and endeavouring to restore him to consciousness. He hurriedly said : "I was aroused by the noise, and came down to see what could be the cause of the hubbub. I found Mr. Fontaine linrg on the floor in the condition you see him now. I brought him here, and have used, every means to revive him, but he is still in a dead faint. Stay with him, while I go to my room, and get something to restore him." "Here is camphor," said Fanny. "This will sufflice, Mr. Summerton ; you need not trouble yourself to go. See-the colour is coming back to his face, and Mr. Fontaine will soon be sensible again. A tinge of colour caume back to the face of therecumbent man, the eyelids unclosed, and he sat up, and looked around with a bewildered expression. His eyes fell on the wall opposite his bed, and fastened themselves there. He stretched forth his hand in that direction, and said, in a vague tone: "It was there again, haloed by a glimmer of light. That has passed away ; but he has stepped out from the wall and now fits before me, with blood welling from that fatal wound. His voice came to me saying, 'I have fulfilled my threat; you slighted my commands, and I have raised an Inferno in your house.' Hark ! the demons are at their work, and I am accursed !" Fontaine fell back with a cry thatthrilled the listeners, for it was a wild maniac shriek which told that the light of reason was extinguished. Isola bent over him and attempted to to take his hand in her own; but he put her back with an expression of horror, and rapidly said: "Go away from me. Leave me to my fate; he commands your absence, and I dare not keep you beneath my roof. You will find friends-go to themand be happy." " Oh, father, speak not thus. I will be your nurse, your slave, till you are well again." Fontaine did not seem to comprehend her words. He feverishly asked : " Will no one take her away? 'Tis her presence that brings this bedlam here. He has told me so. Depart, and leave me to wrestle alone with the phantom that has maddened me, for I ams mad." Senora Roselli advanced and stood be tween him and the trembling girl. She soothingly said: " I will remove her. She shall no longer trouble you." A flash of hatred and defiance gleamed from his black eyes, and he wrathfully said: " You ! fiend i devil I avaunt I You shall not touch her! she is pure, but you are foul! Go, Isola; get from this woman, for she loathes you even more than I do her. Oh l take your baleful eyes from mine! They burn into my soul the memory of that fat.l hour !" The menacing expression with which the Nemesis regarded him changed to one of affected pity af she said: " Poor Claude; he has spoken the truth of himself; he is certainly insane." Throughout this scene, Savella stood nerveless, incapable of understanding what was going on around her, and dreading she knew not what. Fontaine caught a glimpse of her frightened face, and beckoning her to his side, he graspen her hand with such force as to cause her to uttera cry. Bending his lips to her ear, he spoke in an audible whieper: "Savella, you will be mistress here, for I shall soon be where the weary are at rest. You must be a fast friend to my child, for she will need protection from that woman yonder. If she is your aunt, she is a bad creature, and it will be best for you to carry out your plan of .sending her back to Italy. Give her money; let her go at once. Don't marry Philip, for he will break your heart. Give him up, and let Isola be your sister." He fixed his eyes upon her face, and waited for her reply. Al Savella unclosed her lips to spoak, a whisper ssemed to pass between them, which raid: "Would you entrap :my child into giving such a pledge as that ? There shall be no fellowship between her and the usurper of her rights." Fontaine fell back as it he had received a blow, the hair rising on his temples, col? dew gathering upon his brow. He faintif muttered: "It is is voice again! Go, Savellsa I have nothing further to say to you." Savellan receded from the bed and satdown' in a tremor. The noises still filled the house with their tumult, and FontsinE buried his head in his pillow, refusing to speak further. Summerton went to his room, and pre sently returned with a cup in which he had mixed a draught, which he asserted would act as a sedative to the overwrought oer vons system of Fontaine; but when he offered it, that gentleman could not be in duced to look up or touch the offered medi tine. The tumult in the house had been over . heard in the yard, and the servants who slept in the outbuildings were all aroused and eager to learn what could possibly be going on. Aggy reached the side of her master, -Then Fontaine lifted his head and said: "Send them all away, Lammer, and stay with me yourself. I don't want any one but you." "You all hears what de marster says I'm to nuss him, an' etf anything wrung'. de matter of him, I'll bring him roon' yet. Missy, you an' Miss Fanny 'd better go to yer bed; leave Cely here wid me, I eas make her listen to sense, an' de Embissary sharnt keep me from doin' my duty by Marse Claude." Isola would have spoken to Fontaine, but he said: " No--le would come between us, and I must give you up. The fiat is spoken. anti I must obey." Fanny saw he was not in a condition to be reasoned with. Senora Roselli also left the room, with an expression of wrath in her face, compelling Savella to accompany her. Isola had scarcely stepped into the hall when the sounds ceased. Summerton, who was standing at the head of the staircase, spoke to her as she passed him: "I have been trying the power of azor. cism on these unseen spirits. I have had the power to lay them at rest. You can re tire now, and sleep in peace; for they will return no more to-night. It is my l'urls.e to remain in the library near Mr. Foutaiki, in case he should need attention." " Thank you," replied lsola, "but Mam mar will stay with him, and I have also left Celia. I would have remained myself. bas he seemed to wish me to retire." "That is well; but I cannot think ct leaving him to the ersttanIs. 1"hIy mIy become frightened at the singular neour rences of the night. Good night I shall certainly stay near him till morning." Fanny turned to Isola, and rapidly ekled " How could those noises have beest pro duced ?" "God knows ! Some calamity munst he impending over this house in which I sus concerned. He comrmands me to leave hlim when he needs me most; but that I will never do. I willeling to him to the last, Oh. Fanny ! I am very, very miserable." Fanny used every art to console her; tnt she agreed with Isola that she must out abandon her guardian at his conmmaud io this trying crisis of his evil destin_, CHAPTER XXX. A nDIBOLICax ACT BhUSAD. By morning Fontaing was raving in f brain-fever, and Dr. Sinclair was again summoned to his side. Finding that Sum, merton possessed medical knowledge. he consulted with him, and their skill did everything that could be accomplished in the sick man's behalf. After days of anxiety his physical health improved. For hours lie would sit im mersed in a stupor, to be broken by an pA csss of fury that was frightful. If ie heard the Senora's voice, or she attempted to enter his room, his rage seemed beyond control. 'How little chance there was of his mind recovering Dr. Sinclair comprehended, and the reports he conveyed to the Vale did little to console the friends there. General Berkely and his son visited Fun taine, and they were reluctantly coutpelled to come to the same conclusion, Wh.e Isola was banished from his presence. Mrs, Derkely declared that the time had arrived to bestow her protection on her, sand shL went to La Foutaiue to insist that IsolO should take up her residence permanently beneath her roof. Of late, Isola's life had become almotst in, tolerable. Since Fontaine's illness. frentor Roseili assumed corutnsrtd ot the lh.tse and treated her with less csensideratins sthao she showed toward the servants. The suspicions infused into her mind by Fanny had assumed a tangible shape, iou one night she drank from the pitcher of water placed on her stand, and the return of the feeling of languor she had suffered from, convinced her that some celeteriotu drug was really mixed tith thie water., Savella held herself a!rof from her, and treated her with abruptness, for shie lokesi on Isola as the cause of the sounds whisch filled the house at intervals, though they were decreasing and might altogethat cease. Isola walked with a sad heart, feelitg tiher self banished from the side of him ehe would have sacrificed her life to restore tr health, and unwelcome to those who had usurped all authority. Every day she was made to feel that she had no right there; and when Mre. Beraly kindly took her to her heart, with the asnrg ance that henceforth she should be to he as a daughter, she wept tears of gratitude on her breast. At length she said: "I cannot thank you my dear madam,ea I should. but you can understand my feel ings better than I can express themn. I feel I amn out of place here: I am no longer useful to my father. and I know I am not welcome to those who now control the p1lace. Esen Savella is distant, and sg times rude to ume; so I had better go." "Do not think that, Isola, it is not so, It is often observable in persons sufferinag from aberration of mind that those who are dearest to them in their normal eondisieol are most persistently avoided while in tha1t state. That explains Claude's conduct o-' wardyou, but I trust he will be restored, and you will then see that you are as pres cious to him as ever. "Has Dr. Sinciatir expressed sueh * hope ?" site asked. "'Oh. if he has, I esi'. bear any grief, and wait God's time to girl him back to me." Iio be constuud.) \- fiftimt. Why Did ]e Love Her? - CHAPTER XXI (Continued). "I am not informed of his opinion." re plied Mrs Berkel?," but we can hope on. _?y child Can oun not return with me to the Vale. All the nuembers of my family are anxions to welcome you among us. Yon can come or send every dar to learn how Claude prtgreses. and we will do all in ourpower to render vou contented-' "Tonare too good to me; but I will prove to yon how sensible I am of the kind ness extended to me at this time, when I need it. But I cannot return with you to night- It grows late, and I shall have nuch packing to do." '~Cousin Carrie will come for yon herelf, for she is anxious to bear you from those whe is convinced are unfriendir to von- She bade me to say that henceforth you are to look to her, as to an elder sister, for every thing ou need. lies fortune is ample, and thefriendsiip she has long cherished for Claude gives her the right to assume the place he has so long Siled toward yon." Isols had nusper:ed the interest with which Miss Carleton regarded Fontaine, andshe cot-prehcnded that to extend kind ness to the orphan he had loved as his child wonid .ra so:lce to her heart. She replied to this offer with so much feeling that 3,rs. Berkelev felt more tenderly toward her than she had done before. After a long conversation their plans were sett1led, and the elder lady arose to leavre Dr. Sinclair had forbidden all ac cast hispatient, who was confined to the two ruos he had occupied. So Mlrs Bar kla was ecomn'tied to leave the house -ithonu seeing Fontaine. C?-sar and Aggy watched over their a-ter. who was never vriolent with them. Isoa tsal the zgrief-of learning from them th1? her naue was never mentioned bheim; that no wish to, se her again pased his When the carriage containing her old friend drove away, Isoln ascended to her own room, with a feeling of desolation in her heart at the thought- of leaving the hoose which had so long been a happy home to her. When L-la rode into the avenne on which most of the cabins were built, and infornued them that she had come to bid them farewell before leaving La Fontaine for another home, their expressions of re gret and astechsannt affected her. Escap in- from the blessings that were showered on her she rode ba?k to the honse, to find thre Seora awaiting her return oh the piazza with an expression of anger on her fare. As Isolta aended the steps, she ad dresed lier; \- You have taken a strange liberty in ordiering that horse to besaddled for your self. Mis--I lar. i know what to call you, since yon have no right to the name yon are so long borne. Selim is now the pro per?t of my niece. and I have ordered that i? shall be kept for her exclusie =se'" By this time Isola had become acrs tomed to the insolent speeches which were addressed to her hr this imperious woman, and she replied: _ "Ino longer claim anything here, ma dam; Lbt Savel:a would not object to my riding, for the last time, the horse which has been so long considered as my own. Cease your insults for to-morrow I leave thehomnewhich hasso long =helterd me, drireu fromiitts your uncivil treatmenot" " Leave La Fontaine ! Where will you go~ I have promised Mrs. Berkely to take no may abode at the Vale. Since I am ba nished from thepresence of my father, and treated as a menial in his house, now he is unable to protect me: I shall go to the friend whose heart and home are open to "To depend on her, I soprose," she re plied: with such a lady as oun are, any thing will be better than working for yonr living, though I'll wager anything those you lawfully belong to Lave to work hard enough for theirs." To this vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no reply. She went up to her apartment, to indulge her repressed emotions in a heerty The Senora had left Savella under the surveillance of Sun--uerton, while she awated I-ona's return, for the purrcse of giving her what she called a piece of her mini, for the impudence in ordering Seiim without her permission. During all these weeks the strictness of her watch over her ni-ee had not relaxed, for she dreaded Philip Vane more than ever. Shesought Savella s room, in which she and Summerton were sitting, and whis pered in his ear. The two went out lear in•o taela alone, but toting the precaution to look the door on the outside, unsu-ni douns of the pantomn'ne that was perform ing within. When they disappared, the girl jumped up and sarang toward the window. A handkerchief a-as waved from it, a thread lowe-red to a which a letter was fastened, and an answering si?nal came from the wcrdits.n, to assure her that Phillip was on the watch. When the handkerchief was waYer, Philip waited till niSghtfall, came to the rosebush below the window, disengaged the missive, and placed one for Saveita on the :hreed. which escaped even the glance of the Crbers?-- who watched over her. While this was passing, the Senora drew SLl- n?rton into her apartment, closed the door. and said: " I have warned you more than once that your potion had failed in its effecL In rlae of hurting her, it seems to Z-agree w~ith her, and now ~she is escaping from us alto re ther." After deliberating a me-znt, Sunmerton rsid: " If it were not for the will I wour!d let her o. BnuT Fontaine will no; last many months, and we cannot afford to give her ten t~homsand dollars that lawfull belong to ns. Are you sure that she has drnon the water! I have made the infusion? etronger than the firs, and it ses·m strange il no longer a~-ffects her." "I have found means to lbok into her ha~ ber ever mornieg, and the piteher it lnways partly es.ptied. That proves that she uspes it; yon must have girven me some ehbn" that ishrmless." "As if I should do such a thing 1" he re tertad- "I believe now that she pours out a portion on the rater to make you believe ehe has drunk it If such is the case. on must risk ever-thing sooner than permit her to leave this house alive. How can we manage to give her what will effectually put an end to her claims on any Port:cn of the estate we have fairly earned for our selv-- Z"' The Senora rapidly said: - "Oflate sheoften has her tea sent to her own room. To-night she will do so, for she is now crying because she is going away. I can put the powder in the sugar She must die before another day dawns safely- Your skill can produce the symrup tomns of some sudden and fatal disease?" Oh, yes. The house has been recently painted, and she shall die of what painters call lead colic. I shall say the delicate state of her health predisposed her to it, and she went to join the angels. Nobody can contradict us, for my nostrums leave no trace behind them." There was something diabolical in the coolness with which this was uttered. Re morse was unknown to the speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart. She rapidly said: " That will do; bring me the death war rant, for I am impatient to make all safe by getting into the dining-room unobserved-" Snmmerton went into his own room, and took a portion of glittering white powder, the deadly qualities of which had been con densed by his own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora Roselli descended the staircase, and, after a passing glance into the dining-room to ascertain if it was empty, she glided in. The supper-table was set, and a cup and saucer of fine blue chins, which Isola al ways drank her tea from. To drop the powder into it was the work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noise lessly as she had entered. She went up to Sarella, who was rerolr ing in her brain the means of efecting her escape from the house, for in his last letter Philip had assured her everything prepared for a speedy flight, if she could manage to evade her not and join him at their old tr?sting-place. Supper was announced, and the three gathered around the tables As the Senora had anticipated, Celia came down with an ex-nse from her young lady; she had. a headache, and wished a cup of tea to be sent np to her With unblushing cheek the Nemesis pre pared the liquid, and placed it on the waiter. She insisted on sending up cold chicken and biscuit, as Isola might need them after herheadache went off The plotters talked more than usual, and SaseHlaseemed in better spiri_ than she had been in of late- Thrn-O? lkvr:.-ruts - she had heard of Isola ? intlencr--parture, and when supper was over sh sa·id: "I must go p and see Isola; it seems hard to be turned out of the home she has so long been tanght to look pnon as her own; but the evil spirits that have gained an entrance in the house determined not to leave it till she goes, so we most let her do so-" "Ton can bid her adieu." said Summer ton, "but the warnir- roice which has spoken to you has forbi?-,n you to claim her as sour friend." She shuddered and changed colour. " She can never be my friend, for I shrink from her with fear since that dreadful night in Uncle C:aude s room. Bust 1il bid her good-bye- I cannot let her go without thoat Too need not come with me, Aunt Bianca, for I shall go to Isola's room-" Night had fallen; the Senora knew it would be impossible for Savella to escape from the upper storey. and she was per mitted to ascend alone. Instead of going to Lula. she n-iseless r flitted into her room, threw up the window, and drew up a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands. with the light of love shining from her eyes. One paragraph she dwelt on, reading it over and over again. " To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you will find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in uhich we have so often met I have everything prepared for an imme diate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me again. Come to me Savella, for I can no longer live without your presence." " I will come," she said ; and a few hur ried lines were dashed off, sealed, and low ered from the window. She then waved the light in front of the window as a signal to him who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of com munication between her own chamber and that of Isola. Her Inock received no reply and she went in. Isola was sitting beside the fre in her dressing-robe. with her hair falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, but her hands had fallen powerless beside her, and her head was resting against the high back of the chair. She was colourless, and seemed to labour for breath in a painful manner. Savells _snrang toward her, ezeleining: " Good heavens! Isola, what can be the matter with yo? Tou look as if you are dying-." " I believe I am," she said, "I sent Celia down to her supper, and soon after ward I was seized with so violent a poin in my breast that I could neither call out nor ring the bell. I must go to bed as quickly as po-ible, Snummon Celia to me." Saveila pulled the bell- cord, and in a few moments Celia came in, looking frightened, Wu-en she saw the condition of her lady she uttered a cry of dismay. " Oh, Miss Savellrs, what can have come over her since I went down stairs? She said she fe!lt better after drinking her tea. What is it. iis-y? "I don't know--I feel ill all over. Put me in bed, Celia, and send some one for Dr. Sinclai-r The two girls lifted her in their arms and placed her on the bed, On her appearance Savella hurried from the room, to inform her aunt that Isola was ill; that something must be done for her at once, hoping that this attack might make a diversion in her own favonr. Senora Eoselli went to see IsoI's5 condi tion herselt She looked upon the face so changed withlin the last hour. Already the livid hue of death seemed setting over it, and her senses h~ad so failed her that she was unconscious of what was passing aroundher. Celia was wringing herhands, and erxclaiming: "Oh, what shall I do ? -She tole me to sen' for de doctor, an' I must do it now; for ef he's not here soon my dear Missy nill die." "Hnsh that uproar," said the Senorea. "It isa useless to send for Dr. Sinclair now or she will be past help before he could get here. Mr. Sunm:erton is as good a physi cian as he i--ask him to come up and sea what can be 'done for her." Celialeft the room to seek Summerton. and the Nemesois bent over her victim to a c ,?-i. h"w long vit ml'.ht liner in the frame she had doomed to destruction. The Senora's breath camne in quick gps, - and she became paler thtin the half lifetles eing on tile couch be-ide her. Unable to sustain herself she sank on a chair. uand at trembling before the conviltbi"-that arusi within her mind. Suummerton obeyed her summons; but when he entered the chamber and saw the changed face of his accomplice, he started back in dismay. He asked: " What has happened to unnerve you so? Put off that look before the girl returns, or it may betray all." "Look there," she said in a whisper. "What of that?" he asked. "It seems that she is marked with red wine. Come this will never do;you look as if you had seen a ghost." "So I have," was the reply; "the ghost of the past. The girl must not dis-save her." "Have you lost your senses " he asked. " Why should I save her when you doomed her '" She placed her lips close to his ear, and breathed a few words into it. His face changed as he listened, but he answered: "Even if this be true, it should but con firm you in your purpose." "-No-I tell you no! I am a hard woman, I know ; but this crime I dare not perpetrate. I tell you she shall not die. We can otherwise dispose of her. "But hosw?" "Leave that to after consideration. Act now; 1 insist upon it. There is an antidote; use all your skill to save her, or-1 know what I may do." * " Is that a threat 2" "Understand it as you please; but my will shall he yours. :efuse, and I willsend for Dr_ Sinclair. He will comprehed all, and who.will be held answerable? I will save nyself by criminatinug you There -you know zue-to wsor, for no Linfsa is to be unst." Her imperious tones were savage in their earnestness, and Summerton -sid: "I will du your bidding ; bit if your sus piclons are true, she will give as -uch trohble hereafter." -1 do not act on suspicion; -but on -a cer taint. - Hasten for uyour antidote, for she is in a dying state now: and if she dies, it will uot be well for yonu.' Sumunerton ordered Celia to bring warm water, and in a few moments: he returned. bringing the antidote to the deadly agent he haId used in preparing his subtle mes senger of death. The lips of Lsola were forced open, and the liquid poured down her throat; het chilling limbs were rubbed with tiannel= wrung from warm water. The?Senora seemed nevez to wear- in her efforts to restore her, and Summerton used all his skill to undo what the-y had done. At length the purple hue left Isolas lips and hands; her eyes opened, but with a shudder she closed them as they fell upon the Senora. "What has happened to me?" she asked. "I feel like one just rescued from death." Aggy rushed to her side, and saids: " An' so you is, my darlin' El it hadn': been for the Snory an' Mr. Summ'rton. you'd a been wid de angelsby di.,r time.-" "I have been so ill. and they have aided me?" she murmured. "It seems impos sible." " Whyso so. la?" asked Summerton. "Saveila found you here nearly iusensibie, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonous effluvia arising from the paint lwhich has been used on the house. Fortunately I knew what remedies to apply ; you have been in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life to the efforts of Senora Roselli and myselLt" " Then I must thank you," she feebly said; " but I am too weak to talk much." " Nor is it desirable you should do so. You must now rest," replied Summerton. and after giving some directions to Aggy. who was to remain with her till mornhng, the two confederates left the room to gether. Isola was too much exhausted to think. though she was in a state of bewilderment as to their conduct towards her. When she first felt the paralysis creeping over her, she had mentally accused them of having effected their ends by destroying her, yet tc their efforts she was assured she owed her life. But she soon fell asleep, and at a late hour of the following morning she was aroused by a commotion in the house in which the name of Savella was repeated. CHAPTER XXXI. TX ELOPEsIE-I. Savella remained in tie chamber of Isola till her aunt assured her that the patient wonld recover. She watched Senora Ro selli and Summerton with a puzzled ex pression as they moved around the couch of the sick girl, antd showed earnest solid tade for her recovery. Ignorant as she was of their diabolical intention to rid themselves of her, Savella was aware that they cherished a feeling of hostility towards the adopted child of Fon taine ; and she was at a loss to comprehend the source of the anxiety her aunt mauni fested in her restoration. When assured that isoIa would recover, Savelis's thoughts reverted to her own afairs, and she resolved to avail herself of the opportunity her aunt's preoccupation aforded her to make her escape to her lover. She said to her: "l am sleepy. I shall retire, and Celia can stay in my room if you are unwilling to leave me alone." The girl was nodding in a corner; and Save!lla thought she would prove but an in diEfferent guard. The Senora ansuwered: " Tou can take Celia with you; the door is locked on the outside, and you can go through this room into your own." Savella smiled, for she had found means to slip out unobserved, and turn the key; in spite of her anxiety about Isola, the Se nora had not been oblivious of the safety of her niece. (To be comntirced.) To the Point-" Wil you marry me, Ethel?" said theyouth. "My family is all that one could wish for-" Ethel: -'Then, why do you want me?" 