HOWARD'S HOLOCAUST. OR DEATH-DOINGS AT DARLINGHURST. No. IX. "NOSEY BOB'S" NOVITIATE. Mr. Howard joins the Civil Service AS ASSISTANT EXECUTIONER, AND AS SUCH OPERATION ON JOHNNY McGRATH, GEORGE ROPE, GEORGE PITT, AND MICHAEL CONNOLLY The case of John Dick.. (By 'OLD CHUM') Robert Howard, alias 'Nosey Bob,' joined the Sheriff's department of the New South Wales Civil Service in 1875 as ASSISTANT HANGMAN, with the promise of the chief position when it became vacant. At least such is the legend in the office, as prior to 1880 the records appear to have been kept most indif- ferently ; in fact, if any member of Parlia- ment were to apply for a complete return of the executions which have taken place in this province prior to the year 1880 a reliable document could not be produced. As there was but one execution in 1875 it must be assumed that Howard assisted at it. This being the first man on which Bob tried his 'practice hand was JOHNNY McGRATH an aboriginal, who was hanged at Darling hurst on Tuesday September 14, 1875, for rape, committed at Bega. The record says, that on the night previous Johnny slept well, had a good breakfast next morning, and was in the best of health and spirits (what irony !) At 9 o'clock he was duly pinloaed, with the usual hempen cords of that day, walked steadily from the cell to the scaffold, freely acknowledged his guilt of the crime for which he was condemned (a crime unknown to his countrymen before civillation and rum intruded themselves upon his hunting grounds) was sorry for it, and attributed his position entirely to the 'acoursed drink ; ' said the Lord's Prayer fervently with Canon Rich, and placed himself heroically upon the trap, and calmly surveyed the rope end beam. The final preparations were quickly made, the lever drawn, and the poor benighted blade fellow died instantly without a struggle, sacrificed for the crime which is known only is, and to say, Christian Communities. Only the officials were present to see Johnny McGrath hurried into the happy hunting grounds. Johnny wag a splendid specimen of his race, and, but for the white man;s 'fire-water,' might have lived to reflect credit on some of the 'mission ' stations which Mr lnspector- General Fosberry presides over Johnny McGrath, The next man executed had a long and interesting colonial history, and with a some- what appropriate name. On December 7, 1875, at Mudgee, GEORGE ROPE was hanged for what is known as the Law- son's Creek murder. Whatever doubt there may be of Johnny McGrath's and being the result of the 'liquor fiend,' there can be none as to its being the cause of Rope's crime and terrible end. George Rope was a man of medium size, 52 years of age, a native of Penrith, where, he was in 1823. His grandfather, Anthony Rope, was one of the pioneers of the colony, having arrived in the first fleet. The son of Anthony and father of George was first, white child male born in New South Wales. (The late Mrs Oakes, of Parramatts, is understood to be the first white female born in the colony.) The father of George became bedridden soon after the birth of the son, so that all his children had to work early tor their livelihood. George became a wheel- wright and worked for many, years for one employer in his native town. He had the reputation of being an industrious workman until the craving for strong drink overtook him. Occasional indulgences in the young man, were followed by a taste for intoxicat- ing liquors which grew upon him so much that he ended in being a confirmed drunkard. Having married at the age of thirty years, he established a business of his own and was prospering. Six years after his marriage one of his children died, and soon after his wife and another child followed. For three months after he was never sober, rum, and of the strongest kind, being his drink. During early life, the unfortunate man had many troubles. When 36 years of age he received a blow on the back of the head and other severe injuries; his nose was broken and his head marked with many severe scars. When in liquor he was practically insane and had to be looked after. At the time of the mur- der for which he was executed, a younger brother was under committal for the 'bushie's crime of illegally using a horse. This preyed upon the man's weakened mind, he was of a very violent temper, in strong contrast to the character of the woman he murdered. HANNAH JANE ROPE, his sister-in-law, was a quiet, middle aged, respectable woman, amiable but resolute, of medium height, of prepossessing appearance and a native of Parramatta. She left behind be- sides her husband, Robert Rope, two sons and a daughter, another son being killed eighteen months before his mother's death, by a blow from a gun barrell. George and Robert were residing at Lawson's Creek, not far from Mudgee — their homes being 175 yards apart. On April 12, George came and asked Robert to have a glass of grog, to which Robert re- plied, 'I don't mind if I do if you have any with you.' George said in reply, 'I will bring it quickly.' This occurred close upon midnight and Mrs Rope called out from her bedroom, 'You will bring no grog here,' George replied, 'I see you have a down upon me and I'll end you,' With that he left the home and walked to his own home; he was seen to light a candle, and in a quarter of an hour returned with a loaded gun, cocked. A son of the deceased woman in- terposed, saying, 'You will shoot no one here, uncle.' To which the uncle replied, 'Stand back Bill or I'll put a bullet through you,' Mrs Rope came out of the bedroom saying, 'You'll do nothing of the kind.' Instantly turning upon the determined woman, George fired, striking her in the abdomen. The son seeing his mother fall, wrenched the gun from the uncle and KNOCKED HIM DOWN with a blow of the stock on the held. The poor woman died next day, and the uncle had a big struggle for life, as the blow on the head was a serious one, and for some time his life was despaired off. As usual in many such cases the medical men pulled him through, only to hand him over to the common hangman. At the trial a plea of insanity was entered, but did hot bear fruit. He was convicted October 22, but was not executed until December 7. In the interval he bad attempted suicide by opening a vein in the arm, he had nearly succeeded in cheat- ing the hangman when a warder discovered him drenched in blood. The instrument with which be attempted to take his own life was a piece of steel belonging to the cravat which he wore at his trial, and which he succeeded in concealing in his boot. He was attended on the scaffold by Canon Gunther, whom he told that he had no remembrance of the affair at all. He was buried in the next grave to his victim in the Mudgee Cemetery. His was the first execu- tion in Mudgee and the people sent up a fervent prayer, that it might be the last, but misfortunes are said never to come singly, as just six months after Rope's execution, the scaffold was again erected within the walls of Mudgee gaol for the hanging of GEORGE PITT, convicted of the murder of a widow, Mary Ann Martin, the keeper of public-house on the road between Mudgee and Gulgong. Some years ago I was traveling in the West, and one day found myself at the old homestead of the Rouse's at Biragambil, within 14 miles of Mudgee. The homestead was one of the most complete at that time in the Western district. On the ground was a flour-mill, a butchery, and a slaughter-house, wheelwright and blacksmiths' shops, a paint shop, a bakery, and a store, where could be purchased almost anything, from a needle upwards. It was the most complete squatter's homestead I had ever visited, the employees were contented, numbers of them having families, who were housed in pretty cottages, with gardens, in various parts of the run. That night I put up at the TRAVELLERS' REST, a roadside house near Guntawang, another homestead of the Rouse's, about five miles from Gulgong. The inn, built by the Rouses, was tenanted by a widow lady whose name I forget. Everything about the place was scrupulously clean— almost painfully so. The stillness of the place struck me as extra- dinary, and at dinner I was the sole guest. The table was set as it for the governor or, Cheif Justice, everything being of first quality. I eat my solitary meal with feel- ings akin to awe, and having seen that the groom had looked well to my horse, I strolled up the road in the hope of finding someone companionable to break the solitude. I met no one, and returned to the hotel and went to bed, and between snow-white sheets slept the sleep of the just. After breakfast, which was on similar lines with the dinner, and equally solitary, I drove to Gulgong. I hap- pened to mention to some friends that I had remained over night at the 'Travellers' Rest,' and was asked if I had not seen ghosts or goblins or spooks. As I had encountered neither, and was naturally anxious to hear of a haunted house. I made inquiries, and found that although there were no ghosts a dreadful murder had been committed there, and that I had actually slept in the bedroom at the door of which the deed was committed. On Christmas night in 1875, the 'Travellers' Rest' was kept by a widow named MARY ANN MARTIN, she had for companion a niece Miss L'Eatrange. In the neighborhood there worked as a farm laborer, a young man named George Pitt, who made the hotel his home. Rumour— unkind or otherwise — connected the two names Martin and Pitt. Mrs Mar- tin retired to bed at 10 o'clock, Pitt went in- to the passage and knocking at the door asked her to come out as he wished to speak with her. She refused at first, but on the persua- sion of the niece, who occupied the room with her, went into the passage closing the door after her. In a few moments Miss L'Eatrange heard a scuffle and a fall, and on opening the door found Mrs Martin, with her throat out, lying on the floor, with the man standing over her. On Miss L'Eatrange ex- pressing horror and reproach, Pitt threatened to serve her in like manner, but seems to have thought better of it. The unfortunate woman's jugular was cut and she died almost instantly. Pitt went in search of some men, who were about the house, declaring that he had cut Martin's throat and was about to operate upon his own. Having sharpened the knife upon his boot he made an attempt upon his own throat but was secured before he had done much damage, ' Pitt was 27 years of age and a native of the colony. Mrs Matin was con- nected with some of the leading, families of the district and was a woman well respected In the neighborhood. The murderer was tried by Judge Faucett and condemned to death. He was executed June 21, 1876, dying without bravado, but making no ex- planation. The execution of Pitt was the first occasion upon which 'Nosey Bob' was officially recognised by the press. A special corrospondent of one of the Sydney papers recognised the assistant executioner as a man who had formerly held a good position, ans was not unknown. in Sydney,' The gaol at Mudgee, where these two executions took place, was some years ago very nearly the scene of another tragedy. When I was last in. Mudgee the Governor of the Gaol was JOHN DICK, a steady, respectable, sober man ; he was a matter of fact, a leading member of the Ibi kp^licaht for tfie post ot Goveritor of the tn»w^a'el-'at^ BathOrit '(if «-^(5on.W!^m «om» hhei^a!»irt 'Muie iitf took' itnltifek; -tni tit attnjr -vrifeiM -w*t in. a mufldledatgtt. -l*m told^itatM Jk*d antrvor draft at ane otthe loeal -banks, -end -that whan the. .tjroferameiit eh*gtie »i*ived U- pi; the gaol staff and other liabilities l-:9k.lodg«i U,» according to custom, to his own acoaunt, in tending to diaw against' it iu paying tho several claims, if the information auuplied .- to oorreot, the b&ak-;_plfts*d theaatust against the overdraft, and rofueed further operation. The gaol officials were incon venienced, and an officer wae sent from Syd- I ney to inquire into the circumstances, The worried Dick suspected one of the warders as being tbe cause of the inquiry, and one morn ing discharged a leaded revolver at him, tbe eharge wounding him in the face. Dick wa* tried before Chief Justice Dariey for attempted murder, found guilty, and sentenced to death, ?whioh senteooe wae, however, commuted to fourteen years' imprisonment The last I heard of Disk wai that he was in Pammatta Gaol working in the etone yard. As it is ten years ago, most people think that Dick has ?ufiered sufficiently for his mad crime, and that the present 'merciful' and 'God-fearing' Gonrnment might see it* way to release him. Exactly eeven days after jerking George Pitt into eternity, the hangman and his nose less assistant journeyed to Tam worth to carry out tbe last sentence of th* law upon MIC fT A EL CONNOLLY, who ffae lunged for wife murder. As many timet pointed out in these columns, New tiouth Wales has, through her brutal laws, relioi of old lagdoo, sent ioto eternity many beings irresponsible for their actions, absolute lunatics in fsot; Connolly must be included in the number. It is just possible that the man's previous record hanged him, Connolly was boim at Claddigh, * fishing Tilltge in Gaiway. Ireland, When in his 20th year he committed e zaurderou* asiaittt upon a man, and flung him bodily ovsr Gaiway bridge. For this offimce he was sent to Van Dieman's land for 14 years. When 40 years ef age he married bis wife in Van Dieman's Land, and rumor bad it that there was another wife over there whose absence from this earth was never aooonnted for; she disappeared myste riously, and in all human probability will not now be aocounted for until Gabriel calls the EolL Connolly came to this colony and seleoted at a plaoe in the Tamworth dis trict known ae Connolly's Gap He was a plodding old man, morose, reticent and etnpid, deemed by liis neighbors to be a a 'shingle short' or somewhat demented. In 1873 his wife was a patient in the Lonatie Asylum, Gladeeville, before which tbe hus band had been bound over to keep the peace towards her, in consequence of frequent violent assaults committed upon the poor woman. On her return from the asylum, matters were not improved. Tbe pair evidently did not lead a happy life, and although no human eye saw him commit the deed and be denied it to the last, there is little doubt tbat in one of hit insane fits be took her life. He was out working on the selection, when the wife left the house to bring him some tea, ahe appears to have been warned against going near him. 'while in a certain frame of mind. She is Baid to have disregarded the warning, asserting that she ought to bring him some refreshment while at work. Excepting by the murderer that was last seen cf her alive, Towards evening, Connolly told someone tbat his wife was dead, * Yes ' was the reply, 'murdered by you.' To this he gave a point blank denial On the body being examined, tbe head was found smashed in, and near tbe* spot a farm shovel stained witb blood. Con nolly was tried before Acting- Judge Gate ward Coleridge Davie, an eminent barrister who, to the loss of the New South Wales Bar died ail too young, lie was sentenced to death and hanged on June 2tith. Be was a Boman Catholic ; but, unlike members of that ancient faith in similar circumstances, he refnsed all communion with clergymen of his or any other faith- The priest was indefagi table in hia exertions 10 move the condemned man, bat his efforts were of no avail. Connolly persisted in his assertion that he had 'no call to be there,' and preferred to be left alone. Unwillingly the priest was obliged to leave him to his fate unehrivea, and Connolly met his Maker, at tbe hand* of tbe hangman, with ail his imperfections on his head. The plea of insanity was set up at tbe trial, but the medical experts declared that, although stupid, dull, and morose, he was perfectly oapable of understanding right from wrong, and upon this dictum the Government carried out the sentence. Where ia the line to be drawn, and when will experts in lunacy eo unite as to give opinions whioh Will satisfy the public that an insane man has sot been hanged. The opinions of medical men in most instances ate as un eati4faotory ae are th* opinions of analytical chemists or mining experts. For a given fee any man nan obtain on opinion, med eal, analytical, or mining, and his neighbor for auotoer foe can find a set of men who will give 'firm and fixed ' opinions diametrically opposed to those given by the 'expert' first consulted. 