•t l, .i" i. ) ni :ie 1.11i11.5 .!," tirs . ..". . i - ,. t, d about the .pqwers Ipci'.- sld eid h ertai" natives of India,jwho live up among the Hinalaya mountains. These old men, iis said, havoe devoted ace .es of years to the Study of natural laws idl forces, which the rest of the world kn?,, nothine about. Lately a German professor visiteil the "ab-pts," as th .e queer Hindua are called. for the purpoe' of finilng out the secret of their rpmarkable p? foiTnaces. They trci.ted hin rinlier~iar ;?--lit interested hil all t11 ih lel, 9'0e 1 dan tlh proelssor wnetesd to examine sosen Oancient Sanskirt manuscripts. An adent whii? with him to a co:vo wherein the books were kept. The plac was dark as a bottom ofa well, ,I ruet see toread, hire, said the visitor. " 'the we will have some light," was the and iies?ediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly brightened the care: ie could not tell whenco it came, but he nioticed it hid cine strango quality-it cast not tle alighest lhadlow. STihis is a story harl-to believe, yet its troth is 'affirmed by a mean of fast learnisng ned high' lcarcter, and you now read it have no r~Essn for tloihst excep~ th'at all the lights youi lhave seen have cast shadows. Belief or iunbelief. commbnly ran parallel with one's orn- experience. Dr Johnson aniffed at the account, of the Lisiorn earth nuke, yet.creditedl the tabe of the Cock Lnae ghost.- : ::' A sias who Isa- been ill for years, and and failed to thitd t curo is: sceptical wlhen friends tell him of na medicine which friends tell him of an medecitbe whichi they believe siikse hHiss slls:-Wý1hat els sbut. lnnbht eonle result from his ex-perieuce? .Take an. " In the srins of 1 ,8." irrisei oa corree. ponrlent. " I fell into a low, wieakl and lan g ;?uid state. I.felt losir-suirited end out of" sorts. At first, my stomach was d erenn?sl my asppotito, poor. and after eating 1 had a pain and wevl.ht at the chest. I swas rmuch tronhlod writh' Wind. and frequently selt. S"up a sener. finis. also bitter bile. T.e sr oan \- suffered from icrvoeneess and creat, deptes. -ion of spirits. I kept.sun wsltlh. my work;s lit, sahay s had a snsose of disrnnfort Off andiln 'T onntiniued :in this nyv, for tswo veenr: n?ithindthi t I took reliesin meo . At Slast I herird of Mother Seigel'- Svrn', aed, enrsd sr h enly. After T h d lutien oly a .few doses foie.l relief : my foed dicestod, and gre'"n?llty ll nerroisnles loft me:.' Al thaoih Lut?'l 1 reasnn at first to feel any enmoience in th' n tiseicino. never havinc, used it, or seen'it used; I'now gladly admit 'its value, and its powenrner dieesoe. Since nmy.recnrery. fas which I thank- Mother : eigel's Cerativo P yrup. I have been in the best of health and spirits. . In the interests of sufferg In nit I h a onit' I dee it?a duty 'to a" nd r-osn this testimony. ':(Sind) r' : Sriffluths. toiler nnd outfitter, 1.'. Hockley p:Kit. Yltirms hri.T "..1 vn, si ,". f e-rt'e n esol of diffirondss hbetwneen .Mr 'Oriffithl'l ? a id letter nri the st rer shuit. .the lih't tht cenot n.o haJlow. The eltter. mi:s hitrioeiinnolhi. hil it esnnot hsvorrifi wittlhotmnore tuehle than it is wort.h. On the other -ined we ahave l trustwovthv wit ness. who will' tswasr letters of inquiry, neil rca be found st: his?'dlr.ess " Pinclla, t.lern i' nothune mvstic or maeid cal ehoint Mother.ReirScl'a .ortirtv Nv Svrlp. It netnon the theory tha.t most ailments are bust s.rintoni,. foirm) or hraseis of tllhnl ni-i vresal disease -indliaestion 'n?l d vsnrnusih: it cares that, and throws the light of healthl alndI Snoainess over hearths and ihonmes where illiess and pain h'ad cast such dark Sihd" terrifving elshows. And that is why people- belive all'that is told of its success \- by eager witnesses. 