A GHOST AND TWO STONEY CONSTABLES. An extraordinary adventure has befallen Constable Harland and a supernumerary constable in Sydney on Friday. Harland and his mate where patrolling along Ollsdell street. Strawberry Hills, where there is an untenanted house, formerly occupied as a hotel. The police usually give strict atten- tion to empty houses, to prevent the fittings from being stolen. Harland was just in the act of pointing out the premises to his mate, when the pair described something black 'sitting on the doorstep. The officers approached, and Harland stretched out his hand to grasp the bundle, when it rose up gently' before the eyes of the astonished policemen and vanished through the thick door. Determined to solve the mystery they started round the back to explore. An entrance was effected to the deserted house by a back door, and tho officers, drawing their batons, started to discover tho where- abouts of the ghostly intruder. A match was struck, and by the glimmering light they groped forward to the Btairs. Right in front of them, sitting on the stairs, wholly unconcerned, was the apparition they had before seen disappearing through tho door- way. Both officers went for tho ghost with their batons, but at that critical moment it vanished before their eyes, and flitted Into one of the apartments on the first floor. For about a quarter of an hour the police kept up the chase, but only with indifferent success-now from ono room to another, then downstairs, back again-in fact all over the house the unearthly marauder sped, with the officers ever close behind, without, however, getting to close quarters. Dis- heartened and discouraged, they returned downstairs, leaving the ghost as-they imagined jroing through some acrobatic fyrations in one of the upstair rooms, ntont upon looking round, however, they saw the ghostly visitor following in their wake, and becoming scared they took to their heels. The officers describe the appari- tion ns being of a most extraordinary appearance; it had a pair of flappers like a seal-the upper part towards where the head ought to be was enveloped with what looked ilka tuc*. . . 