CHAPTER XV—NEWS FROM BHOZAR. I only stayed a few minutes by the bedside of the young princess on that my first visit to her. Of course, I saw at the first glance that her days were numbered; the most un- sion eE ! ODa e y e °ould not have mistaken the s sot approaching dissolution so painfully rntest m that Bweet face. It was a sweet mntii DOt Very muc h like Madame, her tame 6 ' 1 ’ yet ear ' D g something of the ,t. 8 ? °f yon to come and see me,’ whinh t 1 oat a thin and fragile hand coal ,£ y horning in my own likeared.hot sent' j 1 8086 am Ba ch an invalid at pre ssing ■ can Dot talk much or in any way a owf!? y . oa ' I wanted to see you—l had ,U . es,re to see you—to thank you with ion „„ 6art * or havin S given up your charm fflvsn f8 j r? mo ‘ waa unfortunate that bad in ? ngUßh onrße was taken ill, and tooth S° back to England, and that my as«hn • Waa . nnt a^'B to replace her as eaaily So ,l m “8} ned eh ® would be able to do.’ death E a " aa not * ler t k e nurse’s lever Probably she knew nothing of the ba«ten I , lcl ' Florestella was stricken. I been n! to aß “ ur ? her that in truth it had Nnree aF 6 ? 1 Baorifice °n my part to give up avoh ? r T au - ot t 0 her ' ‘ Yoq Bee ‘ 1 liav ® *av«• * B , a <an| d fi he understands my quire t' 8 “H 8 to everything that I re- Was Ain e W&B; ‘ n ' 3ee d very glad that Nurse ‘Ah iv,° COmo t 0 yo °-’ itpu ’ . at * 8 y°ur kiudy way of putting looki nß y ' n ? on er P'Cows and * that io mB w 'tb her l ar ge hnzsl eyes; lyn- ? onr wa y of putting it, Mrs Ham kindnn.a i 808080 you do not allow that your •fenotnKi- ' V , rt * l me ution, my mother and I tever 0 ?^ rOO with you. Yon will *°Ustnl> W ‘oe difference that it has made Placed n| 3Ve B P.°* l a nurBo aa this suddenly »e Son v, ° u t‘hepnsal. Soma day, perhaps, bnt only in 50 9to re P a y y° ur self-sacrifice, The pff a mßaß ure, never as it deserves.’ her terrihuf °‘ ta !k‘ n g seemed to exhaust Ingly.. if y ’. looked at me warn •wiy. 1 Wo uld be beet if I took myself leiid ***•? ar ® tired to-night, Prinoeßs,’ *“»labehnt e J D .^ ,a ' * Don’t you think it At anv tin, -f r • 1 came > n again tn see yon? e °® a to soon y ° U - Benii N“ rße me, I will Sheiu 8t y . on wth pleasure.’ •toiled J *v t°uched my hand again and naeth.. h,°n“vu are I"? g°° a ’’ she Baid . 'j°u am br th ’ 88 I roBB from my chair, *g»ip.> Ter y good. Come and see me Nomb Mordaunt went out of the room with me. Ab ebe closed the door behind her, I tnrned and asked her a question. * Will Bhe live through the night, do yon think!’ ‘ Oh, yes,’ Nurse replied,' ‘ she may live for weeks; Bhe has a wonderful store of strength behind all that exhaustion. She will rally presently; she does that every day, that is the worst part of her complaint. She might have lived for months, or dragged on even for years, if it had not been for this fever. Poor girl, it is that whioh ib sapping her life ont at the very root.’ As I passed down the corridor I saw the Princess, who was in her eittingroom and on the lnokont for me. ‘I was afraid to stay in the room with my daughter,’ ebe said, draw ing me to the window, * because every extra person who is breathing the air tends to ex haust her. That is why I slipped away when I had taken you in. Tell me what you think of her.’ ‘I think she looks terribly ill, Madame,’ I replied. ‘ Tee, yes, more than ill. I shall not have my child with me long. I am qnite prepared ■ for it. I have expected it, feared it, dreaded it for months paßt, but it has been very near during these past few days. It comes nearer with every moment. She was pleaeed to see you!’ she continued, with a groat effort at cheerfulness. ‘She seemed to be so; she begged me to go and see her again. You will send forme, Madame, at any time that I can be of the smallest pleasure or distraction to her.’ ‘ You are remaining in FloreateUa ?’ ahe said.' ‘I am remaining for tbe present because I dread leaving, and the doctor’s fears for my taking a journey while my health is so bad aB it is jnst now. I don’t think that I shall get the fever. I don’t feel like it.’ ’ 1 Ab, one never knows. It would be better to get away, I cannot, of course—l could not move my daughter in her present condition, that is out of tbe question. But you—your tie here iB broken; you have your self and your husband to think of. My dear friend,’ she went on, laying her alim hand upon my Bhoulder with a gesture of affection, such as ouly tbe shadow of grief ever begets Id those who have but ust learned to know each other, ‘ for bis sake you ought to get away.’ ‘ Not for a few dayß,' I Baid, drawing a deep breath. ‘ I am not fit to take a journey, and Ayah is not fit to do so either. I have to think of her a little. Some Anglo-Indians do think of the natives, you know, tboogb the majority do not. Some treat the natives as if they were dirt nnder their feet, and as if their liveß were worth nothing; but thiß poor soul clung to my little child with a de votion which haß outshone any devotion which I have ever seen, and I cannot drag her off on a journey until she has somewhat recovered from her exhaustion and grief. I shall remain here for the present,’ I ended. ‘ People who have been used to living in India do not run away like scared rabbits from the mere chance of infection.' So I remained on, and every day, some times twice, Nurse Mordaunt would come round and fetch me to pay a visit to the young princess. Sometimes I would stay half-an-bour beside her, not talking much, bat jnst Bitting there; at others she would be tired in ten minutes, and one day she said to me, ‘ Mrs Hamlyn, do yon sing 2’ Asa matter of fact, I did sing; not very much, not to pride myself upon it—for I had never had tbe advantage or chance of receiv ing really good training—bat I had a plea sant little mezzo-soprano pips, and I sang, nr I had been need to eing, to please myself, and those who loved me. BAviog found out eo much, she insisted on my singing to her. She was passionately fnnd of musio, and the landlord of the Hotel des Anglais, who would, I think, have given his bead to make the Austrian ladieß happy or comfortable, brought in a little, piano from his wife’s sittingroom, and put it in the large and airy apartment into which Princess Elisabeth’s bed was moved every morning through the folding doors from her sleeping chamber. After the coming of the piano, I used to spend hours there during the coarse of the day, going over all the eongs that I had ever known, not attempting to eing grandly, but jnst crooning over the airs which were her favorites and mine;' and sometimes the Prin cess herself would come out and sit listening, and once or twioe she came into the corridor with me, and told me, with tear-laden eyeß, that never, never should she be able to make me any adequate return for what I had been able to do for her. ‘ But I oannot help being anxious and uneeßy about you,’ she ended. * Yon ought to be away from this place. It is not right of yon to stay here. The risk is too great.’ ‘I shall' not go away jnst at present,’ I replied, qnietly. ‘ The doctor thinks that I am better where I am, and I have written to my physician in London, Sir Fergus Tiffany, who oonfirmß his opinion. I am taking great care of myeelf. I carry a perfect pharma copeia of drugs and preventatives here,’ tnfiohing tho bosom of my dress, ‘ and I am taking quinine and all eorte of strengthening medicines and tonics. Idon’t think you need worry about me, Princesß, I don’t indeed; and while I can make such a difference to Princess Elisabeth I would rather stay where I am than go out into tbe world among strangers again. You forget,’ I went on, ‘ I am not like someone who has a home to go to; my home is thousands and thousands of miles away. If I went baok to it, I should be alone jußt the same. I could not go to join my husband. No woman could get to the Bhozar district where he is, and if she couid get there she would not be permitted to do eo, as affairs aro at present, so that I am better here than I should be anywhere else. Don’t trouble yourself about me; lam happier here, and therefore I think that I am Bafer.' ‘ Ah !’ shß Baid, with a sigh, ‘ I would that I could take you both away baok to our home in Styria. It is bleak there in the winter—that was why we left it—bnt we have no fever.’ I thought as the wordß fell from her lips that, if they did not have fever they had other things quite as deadly, but it waß no use saying it, so I held my peace. ‘lf it would be any service to you to go there now, to take your Ayah, and make it your home,’ she said, eagerly, ‘ indeed, my dear Mrs Hamlyn, the Castle is absolutely at your dieposal. Only you would be alone, for my son has been away for many months now upon a long hunting expedition—truly, I hardly know where. Ho knows nothing so far of the trouble we are in, I mean of the grove danger that besets hie sister. Of oourße, he knew that we were to spend the winter in FloreateUa, that was arranged at the same time as his long journey was planned out.’ I thanked her very gratefully for her kiod thought, but Baid that I preferred to stay in Florestella rather than face the loneliness of a place where I should know nobody, and could not even speak the language of the people about me. So I remained on in Florestella, spending the greater part of my day in helping to put the time on—the time that was so weary and so distressing for the dying young princeaß. I heard twice from Eddy whilst I was thus occupied, both letters written in ignorance of onr little child’s death, both very fall of the every-day events aronnd him, speaking of the difficulty of making war against these guerilla-like hardy tribes, who had incom parably the advantage over the British and oven the native troops, inasmuch as they were at home in the district. Bath letters spoke of the extreme privation that they were undergoing, and of the poor arrange ments which the authorities had made for their safety and their well-being, ‘lf jt were nnt for our doctors,’ Eddy wrote in his second letfer, ‘ I really do not know how the poor devils of invalids would come off. Their devotion is beyond all praise, and their plnok something astounding. What do you think of Stewart—the gay lady-killer, who was always loafing around Mnttrnhabad, a regu lar squire of dames—making beef tea and mutton broth with ilia own liaodß for faiß patients ! And yet I see him do it day after day. I never thought Stewart had it in him. He is a regular brick, and no mistake about it.’ The letter went on to tell how rejoiced he was to think that we, his two precious in valids, were actually in Europe safe and well, and recovered from all immediate danger. ‘ When I remember,’ he ended, ‘ how reso lute you were in refusing to go away, and how wonderfully it all came about that you should go in epite of yourself—for you know, dearest, I could never have foroed yon to do anything against your will—l nan only think that a merciful Providence intervened to help us both at that juncture. You don’t know how often I have thcngbt of your reso lute determination not to leave me; you will never understand how intensely I loved you for being unwilling to do so, and I don’t think yon will ever realise how utterly grate ful l am to think that you were made to go in spite of‘yourself. I feel that the same Providence which watched over you and brought you and the dear child to renewed health and safety, will watoh over tbe fate of ycur always loving and devoted husband; at the Bame time, I do nothing foolhardy, I take care of myself, I run no unnecessary risks—only cowards do that. Every time that I safeguard myself I say in my own heart, ‘lt is for Doremy, Doremy loves me. Doremy would miss me. I must watoh over myself for her sake.’ Somehow that letter comforted me more than any letter that I had reoeived from Eddy Bince our parting; it seemed to bring him nearer to me. True, he did not know as yet that we were childless, but I w»b oomforted to know that ho was always thinking about us, as I was always thinking about him. Princess Elisabeth put the Bame question to me every day—‘Have you news of your husband?' And when I told her that I had reoeived that last letter of his, that I had jnst heard from him, that he was well, in good health and taking care of himself, her eweet faae waß radiated by a smile whioh told me as nothing else would have done that I had indeed won my way deep into her heart. Poor thing ] ebe was bo ill that day —oh, so ill—so full of fever, and yet eo tho roughly exhausted. My heart soiled for her more> than ever. As the season advanced tbe severity of tbe prevalent epidemic slowly and snrely in creased. Those who were able to leave had flown from the distriot, bnt those who were unable to faoe a long journey, or unable to leave from other reasons, found themselves caged like rats In a trap. Florestella wbb not the worst of the fever-stricken towns in the infected district, but it was more than bad enough. Every day familiar faces dis appeared. Sisters of Mercy went trudging to and fro throughout the town, and we who were in fair health were oonsoious, without knowing the actual factß, that an unusual disturbance was abroad. Strange and dis qnietlng rumors came to ns hourly of those who had slipped away to other and less dan gerous places, who had been refnßed ad mittance lest they should carry the fever in their train; others who had fled elsewhere for safety had found themselves literally nnt of the frying-pan intp the fire, had found themselves from a town with a compara tively clean bill of health in one which was a seething maBS of insidious corruption and disease. ‘ Best to stay where you aro,’ was tho fiat of the doctor, when I asked him as to the truth of these rumors. ‘ ‘ I give you the same advice to-day that I gave you when yon asked me about the poor child. She had a ghost of a chance here—not a great one, but still a chance—taken away she would have had none. I say the Bame to you now. Take the tonioe that I give you and the precau tions that I recommend to yon, aud yon may be tolerably safe; make an effort to escape, and you will almost certainly be oaught as you fly.’ Bat I had not the smallest intention of flying. I felt that his advioe was sound aud good; and as long as Princess Elisabeth wished for me, just so long would I remain within reach of her. ‘I would like,’ I said to him, 'just one thing.’ ‘ And that is, Mrs Hamlyn ?’ ‘I would have liked to have got my poor Ayah back to India, but I suppose that is ont of the question. I could not arrange for such a journey here, and at this time. I suppose I shall have to keep her until I am well enough to go back myself.’ ‘ You will not go back to India at present?’ ‘ Not if my husband has any chanoe of ooming over; bnt, failing that, I ehall cer tainly go back before the hot weather Bets in, that would be in May or April, possibly I could not stay over here indefinitely if I were well enough to make the journey baok again. I suppose there is no help for me but to keep Ayah where she is. After all, this climate is not like the English one for her, and she has little or nothing to do in attending to me. Still, I would have sent her baok if it bad been fairly easy to arrange. For myself, I shall remain here aB long as Princess Elisa beth has any need of me. She likes me to go and see her, and Bhe is wearing away so fast: - She cannot keep me very long.’ 1 Nnt more than a few days,’ the doctor replied gravely. ‘I do not say it to them, although her poor mother knows what my every look means—but a few days will see the Princess Elisabeth Barzadiev over her earthly troubles.’ (To be continued next Saturday.) 