THE PEDDLERS' 7 PACK. 44 It ain't a -very pleasant story," said tho landlord of the Long FacIc, ,l butl like to tell it sometimes just to remind myself that tbo worst thing a man can havo in this worldis a hot, obstinate temper. 41 You see, I cnmo to . this coast soon after tho gold fever brokeautaud scttlod down in the Santa Butbura valloy, below here, rauching, I was a widower oven tbco, und had brought with mo from the States my only ohild, a daughter past 17. . She was a pretty girl, if I do miy it, and being as good us pretty you onn imagiue I woo quite -wrapped up in her. Of cnurso. I was anxions'to keep her with mo, and if- not that at least I looked for her to do something better than fall'in- lovo with a peddler." 44 And did'sho." Yes. You sre, iu tboso days the country waa full of young follows who bad struck out for themselves and were trying to get a start by carrying kmckknaohs aronud from ono mining camp to another. Some of Ihcm were liveiy cbaps enough and well educated, but I was fresh from. the States, with oil- the eastern prejudices, and it aJrao'it drove mo wild wheu Ndlia told mo slid wauled to marry a young follow who brought liix pack through our district a good, dori oftcoor than the tcudo-neomod toicquire. I was a hot tempered fool' iu -tboM) days, so 1 stormed, threatened, looked Nellie up- for u work and sent word to ber lovor that I had loaded ray gun fnr wild cuts and peddlers." 44 V/hat did Nello do ?" 44 You might b&ve; gucsoed it. Ouo day wben ( oame back 'from a cattle oalo she woo mixung. 1 chased her a couple of days, but tbey had lakon to the woods, and it was of no use. After awhile I got a letter from Friftco, aud 1 wrote -back saying that I had disowned her, and that hu bad better keep out of the tango of1 my 4 What'did you do thnn ?" 41 Suffered, iniGtor, just sufferod. I kouw I was wrong, but Id havo died rather than give- in. For live years I lived like a toad in a rock, 'hating tbe-wbolo world. All the pleasure 1 bad wus in- watching for peddlore. The number 1 clwsed off the ranch during that lime nould .nstcmisb you. 44 One criming after a torriblo rainfttorro a peddler came to my 'home and asked for a shcltorfor the night. He was a thin, wek- iooiring fellow, with, his faco covered with a huge,- -ragged -beard. He earn ad onllinback an c-Qoi-mouKly.long and'bcavy-pick and ssemsd so exhausted- withhis tramp through tbe rciro thnt I badn'tilho --heart to do moro than order him off-lhe place." 'Thatwaajp ratty -lianl;1" said thejlistener. 44 1 supposodt-was. Tbo poridlcr aeoffled all- broke up .when ho foundff wouldn't even give him a bunch of. straw in the stable, and no' otbor kcuBO tvitbiu twelve miles, Icstcad of complainiag, however, ho merely bcggwl that 1 would let him leavo his pack, which-ho said coututned goods -of (value, under shelter from. 1be ram. I -filially consented to this. Bo, as 1 hud swum uono of his trado should over, ctomji my threshold, I earned bio pnelr Inside, while its owncnlimpod off to crawl under some bush or abhor." 44 Didn't you feel moan ?" 44 Yds, moon and bitter at .tho same time, fur somctluug about tlio aiun;iemiuded me of Nellie's husband adittle. However, I locked and barred all. tbo doors- aud windows as usual, tor some road agents, bad been aronud those parts, about that timo and had stopped and robbed rovoral raucbors, nud, as l-(old«ycu, 1 was all alone. Somehow 1-cooldu't go to sloop when after tbat l went to bud. After tossing arouud for awhiltvl got up and sat by tbe fire, brooding over my trouble uud tiyiug not to tbiuk of tho poor chap shivering out there iu the cokl-and-ruin somewhere. I looked at his paid: sitting up in tho room and woudurid what made it so lemg. 41 As 1 watched it, I fancied I Bavr it move." 44 Saw it rnovo ?" 44 Exaotly. I wouldn't boliove my own eyca »ut first, but aftor'watcbing ioteutly for awhile I distinotly:saw the front of a hand pressod pgaiust'the canvas Trou) tho inniilc. Like a fltsb than ! understood tbe whole tbiug. Tho pedd ler was one of the read agents' gaog, aod, kuowing I had considerublo money -about the house, they bad-adopted that plsn for smug gling one of their crow inside the bouse. Alter 1 hud gonedo sleep tho fellow insido could let in the rest and-flnish the job. 1 walked quietly across tho room, took my guo from the antlers, knelt down a few IVct from tho. pack, aimed square in the centre and pulled tbo triggrr." 44 Go ou," murmured the listener, with a shudder. 44 But the gun didn't - go off," continuod tbo laudlord, cloacinghis throat. 44 Tbo nipple was. rusty and wouldn't work, so I laid down the; riflo aud got an use from tbo kitcbon. It bad been newly ground thnt day, and wheu I lifted it over-my head 1 counted upou cleaving that pack, robber end all, clesr to tbo ground, dust as 1 raised the ax aud btaccd rnytoif for the -.blow T saw a ghost," "Afiboat ?" , 44Yus,eir, Tl.e pack opened, and I snw slick ing out of its top tho curly yellow hair of my -Nellie when sho was a little lot of 4. The shock staggered mo bo that 1 sack on my lincev. I wiped my eyes and wondered if I bad not goce cr-»zy. I was almost orrtain of it-whon tho ghost fitretohod out a pair cf ohubby white arms and raid: 4 4 4 Hew do, grandpa P ' " 44 Abj" said the guest, with a rolicvod sigh, 44 1 begin to eec. And what did you do then ? " " 1 don't exactly; know," said , the landlord, softly, "'but'if fchorois anythiug.that will' bend' a Btiff, stubborn neck quicker than the arras of a little child, I'd like lo kuow whnt ifciB, 1 pntihe liredllittlo prisoner down by tbo lire,, opened tbo door and-liold out.my arms." 44 And'the-mothor ? " 44 Yea," nodded thedacdlord. 44 They, wero both thcrc, aedmistcr,. 1 guess that'll the end: of iy story." Aadtbe old maa- wipotl his vjta. 44 You mustexouso.me.bubthat was » w«t oven- t0&r; somehow I haven't got quite dry sinco." 