A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. By MRS MAY AGNiS FLEMING. CHAPTER XXVII.-(Continued.) 'I confess it all." Mrs Vavasor be pn; "'I dln't know ho.- you have found i, ut, ibut it is true. eery word. I did cp;e the children. I hated the Coun -w ' of Ruysland; but for her I should 3\re leen Lionel Ca: dtinnells wiLfe.- I ,,ar-iad John Herman. but I' despised b-?' p.?or. weak fool, I was glad -hen he di2J- She -ave me money, she gave e pre- nts, and I took -them.nall, and ho e- her more every day. ..She wasn't harpp with her husband-that was some gifort. wne was jealous-she had a ,it~.,u temper. Katherine inherited it. r- may remember." ?he shi'e.d as she pronounced :the t"ayt Iy ,- was a month old the " night -5' ran away from the earl In a fit of m- and came to me. That night her byv was b:rn--a girl, too. Next morn= S.she was dead,_ She died in my arms, in mvy Po.r cottage. without husband or fri-I? near her. That would have satis p-d m-ost wiomen--it didn't tsatisfy me. itey came and took heraway. The earl lII m -,, keep and nurse the child--who n:fi as 1a I don't believe he ever looked at it. lie didn't care much for his wife. stt thie manner of her death was a shock -an a scandal. They buried her. and he "-i went to live in a village some :hir:y miles away. I took no especial erie ,f either of them: buf they grew sand thr:'Id in spite of that. My daughter had br-wn eyes and flaxen hair, and was f'mall a:nd ielicate-looking-much the prettier of the two. The.earl's daughter .a1 -rrey eye-s and-brown-hair -arind na 1i.:-_ :.r t child of two years. She had h::r i:rath.rs temper andhlier mother's -rill: mIne was one of the gentlest crea :ure c that ever was born. I called the -rlI'e dauhiter Katherine; I called mine er:il. as LI:':I RuyRland had desired llis da'ghtir tI, be named. I was well paid. at I re-:v tried to death of taking care , :hromi and vegetating in a sttipid vi e. I -'rote to Lord Ruysland to come ' hi chill. - He car-e, and Tgave him mine. : I did t: 1- him see thieother at all.' I told ism ly little girl was Oiling, and he took :he -ther away totall' Isnauspecting. Ten I s: ld off everything aidd n'ent to Fr~n. ;aking little Kathie with I?.' ".e - llision in which I was badly hurt 'fl:owed: the child escaped. In the hos i l C?!anIel Dangerfileld came to see me. 1 . thught I was poor, and I did not-un ?-ivce him. His only daughter had been I i.t rly killed. He offered to adopt I?tle Kath!e in her stead, and I closed -i:h the offer at once. I never saw her apin until, under the name of Mrs Vava r. I aime is Scarsnood'Park, and mniet -7 as Sir Jahn's heiress. -'I sIemnly swear that the young girl ~ha was mkown as Katherine Danger 51ld was, in reality. the Lady - Cecil Clive. only child of the Earl and Countess if Ruyelnd. The person who now bears that title is my daughter, christened Eathsrine Harman. I will swear this in any court of law. I changed them out of revenge upon the late Lady PIuys Ind. - (tigne) I"HARRPIET HARMAN."' The wretched woman wrote her name; o01 Hannah and HenryOtisaffLxed theirs as witnesses. He folded up the docu ment. superscribed it "Confession of Harriet Hatman." and placed it in his breast pocket. She sat watching every motion with terrified eyes. "'What are you going to do with lt?" she asked, eagerly. •" am going to place it in the hands of Lord Ruyisland between this and to-mor row night. The rank and name your daughter has usurped for two-anid twenty years shall be taken from her be fore the expiration of four-and-twenty hours" - "It was no fault of hers." the guilty woman said, with trembling lips. She started to her feet and caught him as he wa stlrniing away. "Take - .. ,n away from this horrible \:ase-now. at once. Do anything you she was turning away. "Not to-night," he answered coldly. 'It is impossible. You would make your scope. an-i that I can't allow. Six rears ageo you had . your day-this is nine. The mercy you showed -Bathe rine Dangrfield then shall be meted out it you now. Don't be afraid-you shall not tb left alone. You shall have a light. Hannah. take her up to the room prepar *d for her, and remain- with her all ninht" - He drew himself from her grasp, and left the room. He.heard her cry of terror and despair as he went out. -Miss Herneastle was standing in the passage. He1 took her hand and led her. Into an ,th.r room. and gave her the paper. "'The world shall know you as you are at last." he said-"shall give you' the name you ehould have borne from your birth. Let me be the first to call you by it.- ie lifted her hand to his lips. "Lady C?il Clive." - CIIHAPTER XX III,-- LdNTED DOWN , ii was rery early on the morning of the ensuing day-so early that the'rosy -pears of sunrise were but jlust glancing through the tall firs and:waving hi-ake around Bracken Hollow'~when a loud, ,uthorita!i-e knock arouserlthe inmates St the lonely old house from their sltim bcr. in five minutes old Hannah was to and dresced, and In the'roam of- iehr _iung mistress. - - atherine (let uscallherbyitheoldname) had Sprung from her bed also as that authoriative knock resounded through tih Otsi be -ienry i tis-j{ canli-be n. e lse at this hour. Go, open • the -r. HSanlnih. and let them In, whoevei ihey mray be." ' Hannah went. She flung open the ir.t ruid stood confronted by a tall •tnt with a dark, handsome, stern-look-r in e feei. acc -in unmistai ably-military, "I Oish to see Miss -Herncastle," this cintleman be-ian, with perfect abrupt n-t; "I know that she Is here.n "0ho are you, sir?' old Hannah de mandzd, with equal'sternness; "and by vhat right do you come at sucha time '- mo5ning as this, routing decent folks 'ut of their beds?" "ly name is O'Donnell. I am Miss Hlem.retosIc friend, and I have come to do her a selUrice; while there is yet time. -.fore two hours it may he too late. 'the her this, I entreat you, and tell her I must see her." "Yes, ilannah, give it to me. I'm not afrid of Captain OfDonnell. Let me see "hatt he has to say." It was Katherine herself--in slippers 'nd dressing gown-her brown hair un don0e. rippling in the old girlish way over ter 'houlders. In that white negligee, "ith hair unbound, and its natural col f, she looked, with the rose-flush of the Angusa SUnrise upon her, younger, fair hr. ire-hr, :han he had ever seen her She teok Io notice if him. Shle took the card from Hannah gra-vely-and 'ravely examined it Beneath his nfme it Pcil nwas written "Iknow that you are here. I come YOur friend. If you have any regard It ryourn-lf you will se me at once." She looked up and held out her hand :o la, with a .mile--a smile that had m''nething of the old brightness, tIle old "' " tfince of Katherine D•angr"ilii. ood morning, Captain ODonnell. Y friends are s few and far between-e i.presen:. that i: would be a thousand les to refuse an audience to one of inh. ut you my friend : Isn't ht: reahcr a new role for the gallant .Pain of rchiasseurs?' - aSr'e led the wa into the bare looking "S rmeat. where last night Harriet farran had made her confession, and 237 pointed to a chair. Ther was a grace a triumph about her he had never seen before-the whomle expression of her faco was changed. Where was the sad, sombre face of Miss Herncastle no--? A sort of proud triumph lit all the face be fore him. - He accepted the chair only to lean across its wooden back and look at her. She stood where the golden sunshine fell fullest upon her-her tall form looking taller and more classic than ever in her trailing white robe, a crimson cord for her girdle. : The brown hair was swept off forehead and temples, showing the scar on the left plainly, and' adding to the nobility of her face. The black had been washed from the eyebro- --alto gether she was changed almost out of knowledge. :'Till Captain O'Donnell-;my friend who has hunted me down from first to last-speak? -What is it that has taken you out bfY our bed-at thls uncivlHsed hour and brought 0oil to Bracken Hol lonw and mes' The ringing tone of her volce, the meaning sparkle of her' eye and smile confounded him. "To-warn you Soor the last time." "For the last time--to warn me of wh:at?' "That all is known--all:' "What -does all comprise? May I ask you to explain?" "That, the death and burial of Kath erine Dangerfield was a fraud, and Miss Herncas:le and Katherine Dangerfield are one and the same. I am acting on no suspicion-I rarely act on that I am acting. on.certainty. I knew the grave in Castleford churchyard to be a fraud -the tombstone lying eeh - more than tombstones usually lie. I knew that g~ave held an empty coflin.". "'May I ask how" -I,.: -the :simplest -manner possible. i I emp;iyed a man accustomed: to such dreadful work, and opened the grave. VWe raised the coffin, opened that, and found, asI told you-nothing." She sat and looked at him-wonder not unmixed .irth.a species of amusement and admiration, in her face. "And yet you call yourself my friend! Captain O'Donnell, you.are an extraor-. dinary man " :. .':"No; I don't see it," he answered coolly ..'t ,wcssno't anything very ex traordinaryz. From the hour I discover ed your identity with the New York hc tress my suspicions were aroused. You had nv',er given up the stage and buried yourself alive at Scarswood in the capa ,t7& of governess without some powerful lat,,t motive. That motive, I confess; I fel cur'usa to discover.. Then you made love to Sir ur' Tregeun'a beg your pardon: permit'1d h? m to fall in love" with yoti." Katherine- miled 'on'~ more. - "As Sir Arthur had long? before beep Signedsealed,and deliviered:-e 's' t0o la y: Cecil Clive, and he seemed powel?- to help himself,. I;feltcalled upon to ,... him. He -is my friend, you know,- sos also is his affianced wife. Then- you played .ghost-oh, yes, you- did-and frightened.Sir Peter to the verge of in snilty. Altogether you ,?sere too dan grous a sort of person to be allowed to go on: wilthout ashortpull up from some one!.;. '.--' ' Again his listenier smiled as' she recaill ed'Sir Peter's ghastly face of fright.: "Captain O'Donnell- I cannot :under stand why you should--take the trouble to come here and say this. Why should you endeavor to save a woman you hold in avcersion and contempt--a woman, in short, whom you hate?" - "Whom I hate!" he repeated, quietly. "Since when have I told.you I haee ouj1 I have heard Katherine Dangerfield's story--a strange, sad story-and I be lere her, even-in this hour,-to be more sinned against than sinning. I believe a great and generous nature has. been warped. Katherine .Dangerfield; I pity you-from my soul I do - and- m whole -.heart I"'- - ' frieni - :- ..and before you, your -w -- It is not too late yet ; pause, while there is yet time, on the road you are treading, and go back." There was no mistaking his earnest ness, the generous glow of his face; the friendly-warmth of his tone.- She- had turned away from him and was looking onht at the golden morning sky. "Go. back!" she repeated, bitterly :'Is. there ever any going back lin this world? Six years-ago I might have listened; to day it is tdo:late.' She covered her face with her- hands, her breast heavitg, the color burning in her face,-moved to the very depth of her soul with a passion of which he did not dream.- - . - - "Come, Iitherine- you have - fought long and well, and nothing has come of it Giveit.up, and for ever." - - Her hands dropped fromher face; some thing in the last-words seemed to rouse her. : She looked at him steadily' . \- "And nothing has come of it?" she re peated. "That is your. mistake, Captain O'Donnell. Soiiethiig has come of it. I wonder what you would say If I told you \--what?'"- . - - I~.ell me, and see," "I coidnfess," 'she went on, "to all laid to my:charge: I am Katherine Danger field; I have been buried and risen from -the dead; and with that resurrection-my nature seemed to change. I have broodd ed on one lsubject --my wrongs-iintll I believe'In.brain has tiurned. I fled from the hohse of niy. true iandiloyal friend; HenryOtis, and went to America; I be came the New York actress you so clev erly recognised. . From New oYork . I wrote to Mir Otis. I told him if Gaston :Dantree died-to bury him decently-If he lived, to furnish him with money to quit England. Unhappily he died, but niot for more than a year after receiving his injuries. All those years I remained in t'w York I worked haid lr my profes sion, and rose. I made mbtisj', and I hoarded it like a miseP. Day and night, stronger and stronger with each year, grew the determination to return, to keep my vow. I tell you I believe there were times when I was insane on this subject. Death alone could have held me back. I waited patiently, while burning with impatience; I worked, I hoarded, and at last my day came. I returned to Eng land; I made my way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield; my revenge had tegun. "I had a double motive in returning one, my vengeance on him: the other, to discover my parentage. I had a clue: and, strange to say, in working out one, I was working out the other. You know' what followed-I played ghost, and terri fied the master of Scarswood, as I think he was ne-ver terrified before. I owe you no grudge; you were doing your dutl, and I honor you for it. For Sir Arthur. you need not have been so mnuch afraid: it was a triumph to take him fromn Lady Cecil--to anger Lady Danger fiehld:; but, bad as I am. I don't thiink I ever was base enough to marl-y him. even if he sead asked me. HIe lad never wronged me, and I only waged war with those who did." You wnaged n-war n-with Lady Cecil Clive ill taking her lover from her, and she certainly never wronged you. She wasn your friend through all." Thle hiard look came over her face once more. a hard light in her eyes. "Was she ? In your eye., of course. Lady Cecil canl do no evil. But what if I told you .he had done me the deepest. lice deadliest wrong of all:" lie looked at her in surprise. 'I don't understand," he said. a little coldly. "I believe Lady Cecil to Ibe in capable of Wilfully n-wronging anyone, and she alvays spoke gently of you." She leaned her forehead on hir hand., and pushed back her hair with a long, tired sigh. "Oih, Heaven. I want to do rigiht: My !ife has been bitter, bitter. bitter, and I i feel as though I were steeped in crime t: the lips. If I could only die and end it all: But death passes the guilty, and miserable by, and takes the happy and the ?ood." Her folded arms were lying on the table; her head fell forward on them. as though she never cared to lift it again. O'Donrell took both her hands in his, a eompa?siaon such as he had never felt for any human being before stirring his heart, "'Wbat am I that I should judge ? There is nothing but pity for you in my heart-nothing. Give up this dark and dangerous 'ife, and be true to yourself-to the noble nature Heaven has given you-once more." She rose up, her hands still in his, a sort of inspiration shining in her face. "I will," she answered.- "You, whom I thought my enemy, shall save me. I renounce it-the plotting-the evil-the revenge--and for your sake, for the love you bear her, I will spare her." He looked at her in mute inquiry. She smiled, drew away her hands, and'.re sumed her seat. . "You do.not understand. -See here, Captain O'Donnell: I told yoi~ did I not, my second object in returning to Eng land was to discover my)iarentage? TVell;I have discoveredGit. S'You"have?" 'he cried, .breathlessly.. '"I have discovered it' M?y father lives. and the daughter of my nurse occupies my place in his heart, the name I should bear. It's a very old story-changed at nurse-and that nurse has confessed all.' "You Irave done this? Then i con gratulate you, indeed! You will go to your father at once, of course? . No one, bedleve me, can rejoice at this more sin cerely than I." "You mistake-I?shall never go! This morning I had intended-but that: is all past now. :If I renounce, my revenge and wrong-doln- in one way, I renounce it in all. I never understood half men sures." "But there :isno wrong-doing hlre it -is right it is -your duty to go." " She smiled. "I wonder if this would be your :drice: if-if, for example only-my father were the Earl of Ruaslands. "InaiCe hi?s-,you u nderstan d o',-T 'heJ.frst i tchinkt"'?i""' "I should, tell you still .to go a'lRight is right _ Though the Earl oft Ruysland were your father, though Ijad- Cecil had. usurped your illice I "houid.still ssaj: go-tell the truth 0bethe cost whtt-it "You,' who love. Lady -Cecil-: gii' nme this advice? :Captain O'Donnell, you don't- love her." : -:.'.; r-:. 'T'"love her so well that I lea?veher; I love her so Tiwell that if tlidethir?t yow speak "of ?Oriliossible, I otroil?~e the first to go and tell her.- Oncegain--. in the face of.all that -ma?-fdllow iL?e peat,.go! Tell the truth, take the place' and-name thnit:re yours, and let me help you if I can.' jBut still she sat, keepingthat strange. wistful. sarching" gaze on his face. "You love lier so well that: 'odd leave. hei?," she repeated, dreamily. Then she crossed the. room without a word, lits.a candle. and phxced it` on .the trible be fcre him. IHelwatched her in silent sur prise. She dreiw from heir pocket" a folded paper, and'handed it to him. "You. have done greater service -than you dream ofl in coming hier," sh'e sad. 'Do one last favor. I. want this paper destroyed. I have?a whlimsical fancy to see you.do it. Hold it to the candle and -*t it burn." H',Jook it doubtfully. He.read-the superscriptioni-"Confession of . Harriet garmin:ýt.and hesitated "I don't kl'-ow-nwhyshould I?. Why is his?" ,Nothing that iconcerns t-ny one on iith but myself.': Youi will b5dlng good deed ;I believe, e;n destroyng lit. Let-me see you burn it. -I en do bitf of course; but, `as I said, I have a? fancy that yours should be the hand to destroyI t t.-Burn it, Captain O'Donnell."' . Still wondering still doubtling - lie obeyed: held the paper in the flamie of the candle until it dropped in a charred cloud on>the- table. Tlienslie held out .with` a bray, brigl?t smile. '~nce more I thai~nki ?u:; oYou have done me' a great, service, '.Yo i':have msved me Trom myself." When do -you eave?. . ?Too-day: liut It f can aid -ou In-any tray-itf I can take :you to your father "You are ready-to do-itI know but I have not quiile-made up my mnrid about: that yet. It is not a. thing to be done in a hurry. Let us say good- bye, and part for the present." - He stood'and looked at her doubtfully. He- feltvaguely that 'never .had he been farther from Understanding her than at this moment ..' "'Farewell.,- Cptain O'Donnell, my friend," '.s ie sald softly - - There'- was a lingering tenderness :ii ier voice, lin her eyes, that might have told hiiilief secret. But men are totally blind sometimes. He saw nothiing: " "Not farewell." he said;-" but: a' revoir. 7" - She went with him to the door. She watched him with wistful eyes out. of sight. "FTarewell," she murmured-"farewell for ever. If Henry Otis had been to me sit years ago what you are I had been saved." - - WVhen Captain O'Donnell had left Bracken Hollow, she took pen and paper and wrote the following note to Mir Otis, whleh.subsequently Hannah-.. was in- structed to give-to that gentleman when he camre over from Castleford :- " "Henry-?my .Brother,-You will be surprised- pained, angered, It may be when I tell you-I am going, and comining hack no .niore. I give it all up-all the plotting :the" weary,. wicked, endless scheming that .brought revenge, per ;riips,: lit-ne'er happiness-and the con fession is burned.! They.shall never know--nelther my father nor she wlso has taken my place unwittingly-shall everbe rendered miserable by the truth. I can remember now that she, at least, was ever gentle and sweet to me. If I told them to-morrow, I could not, would not, take her place. My father would never care for me-would look upon me as a sbamehnd disgrace. Letit go with elI the rest ! S"Captaln O'Donnell ihas proved him self my friend. For his -ake I re nounc my cherishes vengeance. Let the miserable Woman we have lured here go. Do not follow me. When happier days r'rive I will come to you. Do not fear for me. I shall not return to the stage -I shall live honestly and uprightly for the time that is to come, Heaven helping me. "Henry-my hbest friend, my dear brother-farewell ! I have been a trouble, a distress to you, from the first. This last flight will trouble and distress you most of all: but it is for the best- the rest never were. Farewell "KIATHEPRINE." (To be Continued.) 