A WOMEBFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY .BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXI.— SIR ARTHUR T R E G ENNA. For one moment lie thought the dead "had risen; for one moment he stood speechless and spellbound; for one brief, horrible moment he thought he saw Katherine Dangerfield looking at him across her own grave ! She made no attempt, to speak, but stood with her icy gaze fixed upon him — her face changeless, marble in its expression. He was first to break the silence. Miss Herncastle!" he gasped. "You!" it f es left him, and he moved. While they were riveted upon him he had stood as one under a spell. I- Sir Peter!" The low, soft, sweet i h i gored like music on the ear. .end 1 fear I have startled you again; bin 1 never dreamed of seeing you jiere." Nor 1. vou. "What brings .you, a stranger, to this place of all places, Miss Hoi sis n art i j our arriva-l?" He asiced cue question angrily and sus- nioousiv. sureiv tnere was something ominous, and sinister in tms woman,- who li k uie 1 i 1 girl to have id,) v -U .'I it i e s x iL+e her arrival. Miss Herncastle cire.w her mantle about her tail, sum figure, and turned to go. "I came out lor a walk, Sir Peter. I have been in the schoolroom all day, and I am not used to such close confinement. ' I asked my lady's permission to take a walk, and she gave it. I am a rapid walker, and I soon found myself here, the town behind. It looked so peaceful, so calm, so inviting, that I entered. This lonely grave attracted me, and I was reading the inscription as you came up. If I had known it could have mattered In any way — that I would have disturbed anyone by coming — I should not have come!" She bent her head respectfully, and moved away. Dressed ail in black, moving with a peculiarly swift, noise- Jess, gliding step, she looked not unlike & phanthom herself fitting among the graves. And in what an emotionless, level monotone she had sp-oken, as a child repeats a lesson learned by rote! He stood and looked after her, darkly, distrustfully. It seemed plausible enough; but that hidden instinct that comes to us to warn us. of danger told him something was wrong. "Who is she?" lie- repeated — "who is she? Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister! Who is she?" He stopped suddenly. " Enough like Katherine to be her twin sister? Who was there to say Katherine never had a sister? He knew nothing of her or her family, save what Mrs Vavasor chose to tell. Katherine might have had a dozen sis ters for what he or she ever knew." A gleam came into' his -eyes-; he set his teeth with some of his old bull-dog re solution. "Katherine is dead and buried — nothing can alter that, and this young- woman, and this Hernca-stle, is more like her than it is possible for any but sisters to be. I'll find out who Miss Herncastle is, and all about her, and what's she here for, before I'm a month older!" "Queenie," Lady Dangerfield said, "I find we shall not be moped, to death down here, after all; we shall have two gentlemen more than we counted on — Sir Andrew Tregenna and Major Frank- land — for our lawn party this after noon. I wonder what sort of a croquet player Sir Arthur is, by-the-bye." "Ginevra, I wish you hadn't asked Major Frankland down here. I detest that man! Sir Peter is jealous. The odious familiar way he addresses you, too, and his. horrid, coarse, common place compliments! Bah! Why doesn't he try to be original, at least?" "Queenie, I wonder why you dislike him so much?" "I dislike all mere clubroom loungers, all well-dressed tailors' blocks, without one idea in their heads, or one honest, manly feeling in their hearts. Major Frankland knows Sir Peter hates him. If he were a right-feeling man, would he. come at all, knowing it?" " Certainly he would, when I in vite him. If Sir Peter doesn't like the friends I ask, then I would re commend Sir Peter to keep cut of their sight. By the way, what was ithat long discourse you and he had last even ing about? Natural philosophy?" "No; ghosts," answered Lady Cecil. "He believes in ghosts. He isn't positive yet that Miss Herncastle is not the dis embodied spirit of that poor girl that died here; and he says there is a place three miles off — Bracken Hollow, I be lieve—haunted to a certainty." "My opinion is," said Sir Peter's wife, "that Sir Peter is in a very bad way, and that we shall be taking out a decree of lunacy -against him one of these days. Sir Peter may not absolutely be mad, but in the elegantly allegorical language of the day, his head's not right." "What is that about Sir Peter?" in quired the earl, sauntering up. "Mad, is he, Ginevra? 'Pon my life I always thought so, since he committed his crown ing folly of marrying you. P'ray, what has he done lately?" "Nothing more than the Right Honor able the Earl of Ruysland has done be fore him— talked of seeing ghosts. He iaites Miss Hernca:stie, the governess, for a ghost; so did you. Now, uncle Raoul, . whose ghost did you take her for?" Oh, yes, I remember," said the earl, placidly; "but she did not' disturb me very greatly. She has a v-ag-ue sort of resem blance to a lady dead and gone. Oh! by (.lie way, I am going into Castleford. Is .there anything I can do for either of you ladies?" "If you are going into Castleford, my lord," said Ginevra, "I have two or three commissions I wish you would execute. Queenie, where are you going?. It will not detain me an instant." "I am going to the nursery. Lessons are over by this time, and Pearl says no one can make dolls' dresses with the skill I can." She left the room. Lady Dangerfield looked after her, then at her uncle, with a malicious smile. "If you really want Cecil to marry Sir Arthur Tregenna, all your finesse, all your diplomacy will be required. I fore see thirty (thousand a year trembling in the balance. She is inclined to rebel- talks about being sold, and the rest of it." "S.ne shall marry Sir Arthur," the earl responded, serenely; "it is written—it is destiny. . And now write out your list quickly, my dear. I shall be late as it is." Lady Cecil reached the schoolroom. Lessons were ere long ended, and Miss I-Ierncastle put by her books, walked across the room, and stood looking wear ily out of the window at the mellow after noon radiance. The twins pleaded piteously for the game of "tag," and aunt Cecil consented. The dolls were flung down in an igno minious heap, and Lady Cecil followed out of doors in chase of the children with a zest that for the moment equalled their own. And thus it was, flushed, breath less, dishevelled, laughing, romping like a, girl of twelve, Sir Arthur Tregenna 373 saw her first. All aglow, all breathless, she came full upon Sir Arthur. | He was laughing from sympathy with that merry peal. If she had striven for a thousand years to bewitch him she could never have succeeded half so well as in this moment, when she was not thinking of him at all. -She- stopped short — still laughing, blushing, and aghast. "Lady Cecil Clive, I believe?" . He took off his hat, and stood bare headed before her — tall, noble, gravely smiling, as Lady Cecil gave him her hand. "Sir Arthur Tregenna, I am sure. Did you not meet — Pansy, be quiet — did you . not meet papa? He left here to go to the station." "I did no! meet him. Probably I pass ed him, for -I left the station immedi ately." "Then permit me to welcome you in his stead. Ah, here is papa now and Major Frankland." "My dear boy — my dear Arthur!" The earl sprang out of 'the carriage, and shook the young baronet's hand with ef fusion. "Such a. contretemps — just a mo ment too late. I saw you drive off, and I returned with Frankland. Major Frank- land,of the - — th Lancers — Sir Arthur Tre genna!" "Aw, my. dear Lady Cecil, charmed to see you again, and looking so well," said the major: "but then we all know, to our cost. La Reine Blanche invariably looks her best on every occasion. And here comes our charming hostess. Ave. Ladv Dangerfield. so happy to meet vou once more. London lias been a nerfect aesert without vou." And then.- t' e n i c i S n was greeting anu welcoming new guests, and the first detachment ot the lawn 1 partv began to arrive, and m the bustle Ladv Cecil made her escape. "The sultan has come, and his slave must wait until it pleases him to throw the handkerchief," she murmured, bitter- ly. "He comes here to inspect me as he might a horse or a house he wanted to buy; and if I suit him I am to be bought. If I do not Oh, papa! papa! how could you subject me to so shameful an ordeal?" A short while after this, there was a knock at 'Lady Cecil's door, and Lady Dangerfield appeared. My lady was all summery muslin, Valenciennes lace, and yellow roses, her black eyes alight, her' cheeks glowing with pleasure and liquid rouge. "Come, Queenie, you are to be on the o-pposite side; first red, and all that. Every one has come, and Sir Arthur and the major are on the croquet ground. Really, Cecil, Sir Arthur isn't bad-looking — that is to say, if he were not beside Major Frankland. Comparisons are odious, and beside him " "Of course, beside him, the Angel Ga briel, if he -were to descend, would appear to disadvantage. Ginevra, Sir Arthur looks as if he had common-sense, at least — more than I can say for your pet military poodle. Poor little Bijou! l'f he only knew what a dangerous rival has come to oust him!" | The two ladies descended together to the croquet ground — an admirable foil- blonde and brunette . The major and Lady Dangerfield play ed a vigorous game, sending their adver saries' balls to the farthest limits of space, and never missing a hoop. Lady Cecil Clive played abominably; lier side was beaten ingloriously in every game. All the time Sir Arthur's eyes were up on the fair Cecil, and Sir Arthur was speculating as to whether or no she was fitted to be his wife. What a fair, sweet, proud face it was, how much soul in the softly lustrous eyes, how much gentle ness, goodness, about the perfect lips. Could any one who looked like that — who loved little children and played with them, a very child herself, be the cold blooded coquette, the vain flirt who- tram pled on hearts wholesale, for her selfish gratification? No, no, a hundred 'times no! Such a face must mirror a pure; and spotless soul, eyes like these took their kindness and their sweetness from a gentle and womanly heart. "Hc.r loveliness makes men her cap tives. How can she be blamed for that?" he thought. Sir Arthur was .predisposed to be pleased. He wanted to fulfil a father's dying wish and marry his old friend's daughter. The days went rapidly by at Scars- wood, and a, week had passed since the afternoon of Sir Arthur Tregenna' s and Major Frankland's arrival, and a very animated week it had been. Lady Dan gerfield never grew Qeary in well-doing; her fertile brain originated pleasure party after pleasure party with an assiduity worthy a better cause. There had been boating parties, croquet, and drives and gallops to every interesting spot for miles around. There had been Fortnum and Mason's hampers, chickens and cham pagne, pates de foie gras, ana clareit cup, on land and sea. And now a genuine old fashioned pic-nic to the seashore was un der way. » A week ha'd passed since Sir Arthur's arrival — seven long summer days and nights under the same roof with Lady Cecil, the greatest flirt of the season. What did he think of her by this time? No one could have told, not the young lady, certainly, to whom his manner was calm, friendly, and genial, but as far removed from her experience of love- making as it was possible to imagine. So far as Lady Cecil could see, all her beauty, and brightness, and fascinations were so many arrows that glanced off his polished chain-mail armor. She was singularly free from vanity; in a calm way she was conscious of her own great beauty, as she was of her proud old name, but the smallness of personal con ceit she h'ad never felt. Sir Arthur could tell her of Australia, and its wonde-rful hidden wealth; of bright, busy, transatlantic cities — of Cali fornia, where he had lived for months among camps and mines and the reckless men, the sweepings of the world, who fl3r there for safety, or for gold. He told her of Algiers, where he had wintered last year, and of how narrowly his life had been saved. Lost on the desert, a flock of wild Bedouins, inflamed with rapine amd liquor, had swept down upon him with shrill cries. He fought against 'terrible odds as long as he could, then just as a lance head had pierced him, a horseman had ridden down like the wind, and, with a ringing Eng lish cheer, had laid about him right and left like a lion. Wherever- that flashing blade fell, an Arab bit the dust. Then, faint and sick from loss of blood, he reel ed -from the saddle, and opened his eyes' in his own quarters in Algiers. "And the gallant Englishman who Saved you?" Lady Cecil breathlessly asked. "He was a captain of Chasseurs — his name, O'Donnell. Oddly enough in his quarters one day I came across a book, a very handsome copy of 'Marmion,' with your name on the fly-leaf. You had lent it to him, it appeared, and it had never been returned." "Captain O'Donnell seems fated to save people's lives," said Lady Cecil, laughing ' "He saved mine from drown ing. Did he tell you of it? No? That is like his reticence. Are you aware he is in England? "No; I am not surprised to hear it, though. He mentioned, casually, that' he might shortly be in England." Lady Cecil said nothing, but that night, at parting, she gave Sir Arthur her hand with a kindly cordiality she had never shown before. When the morning of the pic - nic came. Sir Arthur, Lady Cecil, the earl, and a young lady in apple green, muslin, went together in the barouche. Lady Dangerfield drove Major Frankland in her pony phaeton. The rest of the young ladies followed s in a second barouche, with two cava- j liers on horseback, the only married lady j of the party being the baronet's wife. J It was an intensely hot day, the sun j pouring down its fiery heat from a sky | as deeply blue as that of Italy — the heat < quivering in a white mist over the sea. j Not a breath of air stirred; the sea lay j asleep, one vast, polished lake, under j that globe of molten gold. \ CHAPTER XXII— "THERE IS MANY A SLIP," ETC. When the sea shore was reached, Lady Cecil and her cavalier, the Cornish baro net, strolled away for a while, but a thunderstorm springing suddenly up they were glad to hurry back to the rest of tiieY friends. They were not in time, however, to escape the rain, and both got wet. "I hope Ginevra. and her party were not out in that fairy bark of theirs when the squall arose," remarked Lady Cecil to the baronet as they neared the beach. Then presently she added; "Sir Arthur, look there! The boat has upset!" The boat had. Lady Dangerfield, ex citedly and eloquently, poured .out the tale of their hairbreadth escape as they aimroachea. They were a mile ana a naif, or rhere- aoouts. from the snore when the thun derstorm had so swrttiy arisen, and ti j 1 ai t u d " 1 m lil i but b Li 1 t " 1 \ i t. t In dang-"" th u , Th x i i f i vitn -i on 1 " m m > t Lad Dan undo 1 1 j j u ) foi ' G >1 t c 1 ut u :uu > i nn seizea tne baronet s wile: sudden death stared her m the face, and all presence pf mind deserted her. She struggled in the Major's clasp, clinging to him the while, and shrieking frantically. In vain ! Lady Dangerfield screamed and struggled, and the picnic party was in a fair way of winding up with a tra- i gedy, when a boat, skimming like a bird over the dancing waters, and skil fully handled by one man, shot towards them, swift and straight as an arrow. "Rather a close finish," their deliverer said, coolly, after he had rescued her ladyship and the major. "You were do ing your best to make for the bottom. Are you all-right there, sir? Look after the lady, w ill you? I think she is go ing to faint." But Lady Dangerfield did not faint — too much cold water, perhaps. She glanced at her preserver, and noticed, even in that moment, tliat he was one of the very handsomest men it had ever been her good fortune to behold. But Lady Dangerfield had not spoken one word; tears of shame and mortification were standing in her eyes. What a fright she must look — hatless, compara tively complexionless, and her bright, gossamer summer skirts clinging about her like wet leeches? What must -this remarkably good looking and self-pos sessed gentleman think of her? 'He was not thinking of her a! all; he was watching, with an amused face-, Miss Hallan calmly and deliberately swim ming ashore, and all the other people standing like martyrs in the rain. Lady Cecil's dark eyes, full of sup pressed fun, were lifted to the baronet's; there was a grave smile even at the corners of his sedate mouth. It was wonderful how they understood each other, and lio-w much nearer they were then than they had been that morn ing. Of course the picnic broke up in most "admired disorder," and at once. The wet mermaids were packed, - damp and dripping, into the carriages, and whirl ed away to Scarswood as fast as the horses could trot the distance, Lady Dangerfield bewailing ' her fate the while. "He had the air of a military man," she said. "There was no 'mistaking it. And he was bronzed and bearded, and somewhat foreign looking. A gentle man beyond a shadow of a doubt, with the bow of a Lord Chesterfield or a court . chamberlain, and the whitest teeth I ever saw." It was evident Major Frankland had a rival. "I wish I had asked his name and in vited him to call," her ladyship went on. "I thought we had had all the officers from Castleford barracks, and if any of them are eminently distinguished looking I have hitherto failed to perceive it," re marked Lady Cecil. "We might have had him over for our theatricals to-morrow night, if I had only had presence of mind enough to ask his name," said Lady Dangerfield. "But how can one have presence of mind when one's drowning?" "I wish I had thought of asking him his name," her ladyship- remarked, over and over again, later on returning to the Unknown. "A gentleman, I am posi tive — there is no mistaking the air of so ciety — and an officer; I should know a trooper in the pulpit or in his coffin, there is no mistaking their swing. And he had the most expressive eyes I think I ever saw." "Your close observation does him much honor," said Major Frankland, with suppressed jealousy. "He is, in all probability, some -wandering tourist or artist unknown to fame and Trafalgar Square. It would he cruel, I suppose, to hint at his being a commercial travel ler, down from the metropolis with his samples." "Gad! he looked like someone I've met before," muttered the earl, glancing un easily at his daughter. "He was in London the night of the opera, and it is just possible he may have followed us down here. Only that it would not be like him — pyoud as Lucifer he used to be; and then I should think, too, he had got over the old madness. Not that she cares for him, of course, or that his ap pearance will make any difference in the result. It was only a girl's, only a child's fancy — and it is six years ago. What woman ever remembered an ab sent lover six years? By the way, it's odd Sir Arthur don't propose. He is greatly taken with Cecil, that is evi dent; and though she doesn't encourage him, she is friendly enough." Sir Arthur was taken -with her. His eyes followed that fairy, graceful figure everywhere; he stood by the piano while she sang, and she sang sweetly, his eyes on the perfect face, his ear drinking in those silver sounds. She might not be quite his ideal, perhaps — but which of ' us ever meets or marries our ideal ? — and he liked her very -well — very well, and admired her greatly. Why not speak, then, and ask her to be his wife? (To be continued.) 