A WONDERFUL WOMAN; 0o, THS DANGERFIELD MYSTERY gy MRS. MAY AGNES-FLEMING. ' CHAlPTEI XXV.--(Continued.) On liie mirning follwling on the dis ervry inadei t,y -a:,:in O'Donn4ll' bf S . teIll-ial .siar oun ;i.s. Herncastle's ,,Ic, tht r.ga llnnt cri er took his way, ;trugh ;le- tlwn or Cabtleford to-the Pri,'at cottage adjoining the church-' ,va.l vrrein Katherine- Dangerfield -i .nars ago i had died. . S. fanily named Wilson resided in the i:age at present-that much he had e.gcriniial at his inn. They had taken ....i iml the very week in which Mr ,-i; had left. and had been there ever ,i;. . Mr ts Wilson, a rosy little nmatron. answered the door in person. ;d llsher'id ler military visitor at once it , :il r.:r rlor.Captail O'Donijell's busi ,en.is wii )Mrs Wilson was very Simple. lie unlerstrod that the servant woman rh.' haid lived in the family of MIr Otis s.i yo-ar ago was now in the service-of 31s Wiltoin. Could he see her a mo ..nt or twon in private? Siie little mistress of the cottage open ,al to b right brown eyes in surprise, ta: answered readily in the .aflir inihre,. lie meant Dorcas, of course- poreas had olnie to her with the house. set. Doreas was in the kitchen at pre .i.n anI woutld wait upon the gentle paln at. ole. Irs Wilson went. and Ioreas came s:ioat. ehlerly woman, with anintelli sent face. "I rwish to obtain a few particulars ,rncerning the sudden death of a young ]hy" in this Ihiu.se six years ago." the ,hasasiur beg.an, plungi-ng into the sub j.et at oice. "oilu i'Tmenilier her. o' ours? I"lhr nanme was IKatherine Dan Tes. Dornas- remeniberhd perfetljv e:r-- rniememirlered nas t-hnoight t rere but vetl'rldl. She had come to the cottage Li:? in til evening-a cold. dark winter e.ening' it was-to see the sick young san. Mr Dantree. Mr Otis himself had ,e: her in. Tihe next thing she heard, halft air hour later. vas -Mrs Otis scream hal nished in. Miss Dangerfield was .:l. hen ol n the sofa. white and still; ar1 Dr Graves said she was dead. "YTiu saow hler dead?" - Y- Ts. poor dear : and a beautiful ,rpsýShe si" madi ---calm. and white, and p l:.'eul. and looking more as thbugh she wiere asllep than dead." . . Hown l-ins w.cas she keptLhere before ie was lIuried?" the soldier asked. ',nly ithree days. sir;-and she-looked ilr;Iy ii the last. I remember her well, sn. in ihr coffin, with flowers all rtnd hler like marble or waxwork, and rnisi n:-crying over her ,and master ;i:h a face like white stone." *Humphi" Captain O'Donnell said, htiting his brows. Kiathlerine Dangerfield had died, then, in.l Aiss Herneastle had nothing what etrr to do with her, in spite of all the :;runding colieldences. "One question more. my good woman. How Iong after the funeral was it that !:. Oti. left this place for London?" . "Ablout a month, sir-yes, just a rmonhti I think they would have gone s.iner. but for the unexpected arrival ir his cousin, the sick young lady from Captain O'Donnell had risen to go. At these last words he suddenly sat down aain. "The sick yoaung lady from Essex? Ah. i think this may ble what I want to hear! Wien didl you say tlie i irs ? young lady •un the very identical night of the funeral, sir, and most unexpected. .1 had gone to bed, and missis. she came to my room next morning before I was up, all white and in a tremlle. and says to inm 'Dorcas. get up at once, and heat water for a bath;' and then she sat di-an in a chair, looking fit to drop. I uked her if any one was ill, and she ttJ yes. a young lady who ,had come in a nigit. a niece of. hers from Essex. t lhe was going to stop with them a '?ri-iN. S?ie begged me to keep It a se , The young lady was'weak-like in hiraielleit. and they- would be obliged 'c:nfine her to her room.I promised not : .e-ak of it, for missis she. looked \--',l!ni an-d frightened to death al =:v;. And so she was all the time the ri'anre Young lady was in the house." tIHow line was that?" ' Not quite a fortnight, sir: and a (i'ht of lother she made -all her rel?. took up to her room. and'missis -:r.trini Up and down all. day long ITaiking upoi lier herself." ' ; was she like--this young Tht I couln't tell. sir. 1 t;:er laid tis (rn her, leastwise except once. 3hsat-r anl missis, kept 'aiting-on her t liay long, and missis she slept-with 1'r in tihe same room at night." S'But you saw her once." ' ýe. sir: luit. didn't see hier, face. Se never stirred out all day long, and 2: night I used to hear sound 'of foot tnrs and doors softly opening and sliut t". One night r *atched, and I heard It- house-door shut softly, an directly 'i?er I spies master walking in the back nrdin writh a lady on his arm. -It was rckudy eort of night;aid I couldn't see I rr ry ilainly--I couldn't see her face I: all. She was tall, and dressed. in ir:k elotiis. and-but this was only a -:i.n of mine--if Mtiss Dangerfi-d -"-'li ii.en diead and buried I should -isi .tlhe height and tlie fligre were The blood rose dark and red over the ri-browned face of the African" soldier:. i'r an instant his breath seemed fairly tken away. "i-ll?" lie said, in a tense sort of " Lepfr. ". ! . "W"'I. sir," site continued, ':he very irtt night after that tine sick young ~ir ran away. I don't know whether iyl had Ieren keeping her against her lar nota, ibut in the dead of the night iE ran a-way. IMiss Otis siever came t-'k, and a fortnight after m'aster and 5t-res woint up to London themselves ir Sood. taking the slck gentleman. *"ith them. That's all, sir."- . It as quite enough. Captain O'Don C"r rose again: his grave face Tad. rd - saled its halbitual calmness; he had t.id all hie wanted-more than he. e.x lted. lie pressed half a sovergign Dis sorcas's willing -palm, lBade. Nidrs son good morning, and departed.- "=. As the result of that interview- iCap tia 0'Donnell paid a brief visit to-Lon S, bieing absent from Castleford but "toulPe of days. On his return he was Ctnmpanied by a somewhat bdd-ldok t Individual, who was known by the ame of Joggins. At the railways sta Itn, however, the chasseur parted from s ranger and went to his hotel, the '"r Rose. The ame night was a meniorable one. t 11 the inn was closed- up for the it; there were but few guests, and h few f"* kept primitive hours. At a narter Past 11 not a light was to be. ,. O'Donnell sat at his window, ins out at the dim starlight, smok , aid waiting. At half-past 11 lihe saw s'Eant Lanty stride across the th ]rd and disappear in the shadow Clt arches. Almost immediately the tain made his way softly out of the i down the stairs, and through the aich his servant previously had -'-ssly unbolted. Not a creature ? tobe seen-the vwhole town seemedl W still and dark as O'Donnell walk Wtly towards the churchyard. n. -, the servant, was already wait Tnot far from the inn, upright as a crod, silent as a tomb, and giving his tmhlion. who was none other than Iater Joggins, a wide berth. The toer iti a sack over his shoulders, h rnS lns Spade and pick and instru tap or opening coffins, spoke as the 'n drew near: inet1 are, sir--up to time. and not Sief to be lost Lead the way. and I rs, and gets to business at once." reng all in the shade of hedges and -li trees, with an uncomfortable eat 'in spite of his consciousness of that ithis night's work was an un 336 derhand :thing, the chasseur led the w.ya. One belated iedestriau, one doc tor's gir, they o'mt-no more--an t.ae trees see oned . theni even, from themi. They. walkedso rapidlyt that they were in the churchyard before the Castle ford steeples tolled 12. t -ledmond O'Doinell strode steadfastly along letween .he rows of gra-es, tlie lonely paths, until, under its solitary tree he paused vt-inatherine oDangei- field's tomb..lls lips were set his. eyes sternofor goodd-or ill i, h a ould know the triith sooi. .. This? i?tie grave," he said,t eurtly; "Go'to cork rll keep wa.rtch. ' " -. The.resurreetionist-for that L as, l?is awful trade-opened :li?lsbad , prOdudned his shoCels,"gave one into the reluctant hands of Lant,, and set to work wIth TIofessional rapdity and lexter toy. The two men worked:with a ?ill: ntil the perspration stood in great --eads on their faces. 0"Donnell had brought n branidy flask; and "gave them cdpious libations.- no sound but the. subdued noise ,of the shovelling clay - nothing living or -dead to' be seen. O'Donniell worked-k with them-there was no -Tneed ofswatching-and at last, far below. In the faint light of the.stars.the cifisilf lay The men lay on their spades, wiped their faces, and drew a long breath. Then the resurrectionist and Lanty rals ed the cofllin between .them--the damp clay ciinginig to it niaklng it weighty and placed it at P.edmonl O'Donnell's feet. At last he drews one long, bard, tense breath, his eyes glesined. "Open it.- lie said, in a composed sort of voice,-and Mar Joggns producedl his screwdriver, and set to work once more. Tile screw-s, one by one, were removed; tile lot lay in the palm of Joggins'a hland-lothling remained biut to lift the lid anst see eiti r the mouldering -re mains of Kctheirine Dangerficld or He made a stgil. Joglns raised it, all three bIent forward to lolc- There ota a si'llntaneons'exclamiitin fromn all as they helt again ftoreassure': themselves. The late-rishignmoon which ilad been' struggltig thrugh" the mists' of eomiring iii?omrning, 'shone' suddenly -for. t moment foll ui?on the ghastly object before thhm. and lit It brightly up. They sawi what Redmond O'Donnell ihad expected to see-an empty coffin! All doubts nowt so far nas'Doannell was concerned, w ere at- an end --the Katherine Dangerfield of the past and tlie IHelen Herncastle of the present twere one anl the same. tie knew as well as he ever knew after, the whole truth the whole strange story. It .had not been death, that trance which'had held her, but one of those -mystic torporm so closely resembling its twin-sister, dcath, as to .dceioe.iDr DOrar .. But the eyes of love are not easily blinded;-Henr-: Otis had guessed fronb'the first,no doubt, what itnwas. . Whey he had :not spoken- why-he hiad let the matter go soar sto 'permint her to-be buried, rather staggered the chas senur. Was Itthat bIy saving lier-fiom the: horrible fate of- being buried..alive he wsished .to. forge a claim upon her. gratitude and love?- If so, he had cer tainly.failed;. or, lib this time she would. have been his. _vife. And that came night-alided, no doubt-he had reopened the grave and. taken the still inanimate form from its dreadful resting-place. : Then hard come her flight-her exile to. Amerclea--her theatirieal success. .oHer :object 'in thisf~ adi probal' '.been tb" make-mioney to carry out ier;Ilans; and she hidtmdde it. She- had- returned had worked htr'way-into tlie family of Sir Peter Dangerfield-and for the past six weeks played her role of nursery go verness. But where was her revenge?. What had she gainel?-- what lhad she accomplished beyond playing the. ghost and friglltelipg the little baronets near aHiss Herncasthe'ne nan ?bhile had cquar relied with Lady Dangerfield,- A ood on the evening of O'Donnell's -discovery' had departed from Scaiswood, "in. a fit of temper," so my lady:said. h - A. week later the late parliamenta'cy train, rushing Into the-Castleford sta tion some time after nine in the even ing, brought amongce its passengers a little -woman; =dressed In bhlack silk, wearing a Paisley shawl reand'i close' black veil.-"?rie ilack silk was shabby, the Paisley shai'l bore marks of age and wear, the little strawljoninet was: last season's shape and two words accurate ly describe th iittl~ woman 'tripping along the station-shabby-genteel. • Slhe entered the ladies' waiting-room, her veil still over her face, leaving no feature discernible:save the hard..bright glitter of the black eyes. She glanced round with a half-eager, half-fright ened air, but no creature was -oIsiblc save herself. She stood in the middle of the roorm irresolute, went forwards, came back, stood still again undecided. She drew from tlhe bosom of hier dress -letter. and looked at the envelope and superscrlptlon. It was :post-marked Castleford, and . addressed. ."Madame Harriet Tradvasor, Rue de - , Paris," in a large, masculine hand. , - - Yes, the .late trav-eller was noide other than th' reader's old acquaintance, MIrs ay?frti'-i ot the prosneroul ir rava nor of sint yeasfd bhaick, Bitt et'ei'. for po verty had OVertakeii her. -Exiensive li-ingo iT Paris and the gaming, tablesmat Baden- Baden had-swvallowed" ip her Inl gotten twentY thousand "hounds, and she had been almost penniless. hnoer-in'CasUeforeld-on a vies tof Lord T-uvstand. My ifet is dead out in Que lhec After infinite trouble I havelis cov ered-your address. Hariet, I lmow allsthe.miserable. story of my- dead sis ter't plotting that separated us five ond-, ..our ientit- If: the memory of??:hat:time has not wholly died-l-.you are .fiee,. as I am-come-to Castleford !anl meet me- I enclose I .:ifllet de banque in case you should noeel it. D - not. raisk for me--let nio.one stispect or frustrate us this time. We will meet.in secret. -On the night of the 2nd of Au gusat at 10 o'clock. I will:be "inwaiting at tile house nimownas Btaken holloc. You know it, beyond .dotibt,. WhVnen oe mier I Will.- explain :-everything---the cause of this secrecy,. Why I have he lected flthat particular spot, h1rwI di covereb your identity wnIth t re os Va vasor.whbosix years ago visited, Slr. John Dangerfeld." Only come. I long for you.as. ardently: as I did five-and twentyyears-ago. You would not hao-e failed rie:tle?-do not fail me now.. -: " ,'tIO?L'E CARDONNELL." 'Slithe Siid:this" singular epistle over o'-rd.for.ovord, thoe folded it anid re placed it in her dress. The station clock struck slharlly tile .quarter. past nine. It aroused her. There cas no titne to sparle. Sle n'alls ed resolutely out of the oaiting-roomn. A l sthood neatr: sohe bectkoined to tlhe driver to approoach. "Ytu iknon flralcon Holl- now? I -want to'go there. I will oay 0c 1 tounoe; r hon mulch The flyman namtle hois price. She cnutiitd it into his olmo. tnnd took her selt. Io .a onoment tlhey wtee rattinfig thloUgh Cainstlefo'd m High soteet on their nwy. She looked ablout lser. IIow fanm liar: ii all was--the shops she lkneen- co will, the Silver Rose, ohere sloe hlad .toluped, the cottage of H-etry Otis, and (shl·e shlu~drie.i as she laoiolke at it) the lonelty ciurchyloardl with its lonely grlve. otor hfatlerine Dangle:inhlol Alnd Gas totll Dantree-clht hadn becom - him? Tht' left the toln beindl, aonld took tihe quliet tlne leading toflracke-nl oolleoi.Tlhe nitht t-os clnse, dorkli, moonleso, starless, thse triEs loomed ul, black onevyetymhnnd; no livitog tling r os to toe sceo.. She shivered iin tor stll warmth of tihe nihit. snto wrapped her s!lawl closer ariou~ldo helr until the dlriver soiddenly stopped. "Ttis is flt-aeent Hollhw," he sai,. Ito hbeled her to de-scend. then re mounte, ne d tt ihis horse, Ild vrent jolting loaek towards the totn. Bracken Holl,;'! Why, 500e tourmmur ed--uhbY, of all tile itt3ncsio poltces on earth, lido he cihnsen this? She reached thes gate and opened it. The house loomed ut, dark and silent amlol its funcral trees. The doatr owas fling c-ide at t.he inock. Almost before she could realise It she c-ai in the house, and led into a lighted room: the door was closed. behind her, loeked, and barred. - An old woman stood- before her. At her she did inot look. 'Trembling from head to. foot, she turnried to a man who was standing beside.her,' Ills coat col 1ir w&s;'turned up,"his slouched hat pull ed'down';but hidden as his face was she knew in an instant it was not the man she had come-to meet - S"ITVho Is It?" she said in a'sort of whis per, hier black eyes gleaming fearfully through her, ell. He turnied down his collar, took off his hat, aand showed the pale set face of Henry Otis. 'You recognise me, Mrs Vavasor? Yes, I see you-do.. It is maiy years since we met, but your memory is good, I know of old. 'Will yoi not punt up yourl veil and let us see you? Further, disguise is un necessary." She obeyed him. .She flung back the vell and showed a face, aged, sallow. pallid with fear-all trace :of beauty gone -nothing: of it remalning but the wild blhek eyes. : "fMr. Otis,'" she gasped, 'nwhy have you done this?' "To make. you tell the truth .at last'" he.answered. ?tThere is but one'way:of d~iealing with such women as you_ and' that is the dark way of deceit.., -Yes, I wrote you that letter -:signed Lionel Cardonnell. I knew that poetic idyl 'of your :youth, you' see; arid It:- lhs succeeded better evei than I hoped. You have, no idea what a task it was to hunt you up, and then hit on "a scheme to fetch you here; but I have done both. If ?ou had not come -to me. I should have gone to you. Take g.seat--you look fatigued.". She sank'Irito the seat, her eyes fixed fearfully upon. him, her very? lips trem bling5 Years and dissipation had 'told upon MIrs Va-asor's strong nerves. " Why have you brought .mine to this place?" she asked. "About the ehildien ao-u.ehanged...at -nurse years ago.: The timre has ·oine for the 'truth toblie made knoirn. '.loio gave your daughter to the Earl of: Ruysland. and you kept his. IHow will you -answer to heaven and nian for liat?h'a . "'¶ihat do y'ofukno??" :she asked, sul lenly. " '"Enouigh'to 'send you to Newgate. That when Lord Rualand camemto your cottage to claim his child a year after its mother's death; y3;ou gave him yours and kept his. You kept the'infant Lady Cecill Clive, and gave the Earl of Ruys land .Jolm Harman's a daughter.' John Harman's 'daughter lives In luxury at Scarswood Park.to-night, and Lady Cecil Clive, the real Lady Cecil is--where, Mrs Harman? The law of. England ;would force your story from you If I.gate you over to it" I choose, however, to take the law in my,.own'hands. Out of this house you "nteero :alivee until' -od-ha vecon fessed.'. - '-. . She listened to him, her face settling sullen anid dark." -. "I'll never confess:!" she -exclaimed.: "Let me go, orl'll- What M.rs-Vavasor meant to do.Henry Otis -was "never destined to0hear. . The words seemed ,to-freeze upon lier-lips her face slowly blanched to the ashen hue of death--her eyes dilated;with some great horror.. Henry Otis followed her glane .. ,. :. Old =Hannah had quitted- the: room ?n observed .some seconds before, ;leaving the door-ajar. Through, this door, ,?ith out sound' of. any kind;, a figure: had glided:: It stood now just-; ilthin the doorwa~, perfectly still, its eyes fixed-on vacancy. It wore a dress of some white summery stuff, its long, loose hair fell orver its shoulders, Its face was perfeotly white,-its eyes cold and fixed, its arms hung loose b- Its side So, as in years past she had a hundred times seen Katherine Dangerfield living, she saw her once more to-night, dead.. ' Look," she whispered, in an awful volce--"look!" "Look where?" Henry? Otis repeated, stoically. ,"I.don t see anythlng."' ."At the door!"-still in the Saddi atwfu whisper, "See-it is-Iatherine Danger field! -Look' - She: turned h`er. eyes slowly upodn him for an instant; then they moved back, as if beyond all control of hers, to the door. The spectre had vanished. : And Mrs Va vnsor; with a gaspinig :cry, fell- olown fainting in a heap.: Hannah- re-entered the room as, Mrs V'avasor's'black eyes opened to the light. Sihe started up-memory returning with consclousness--and grasped :the arm of. Henry Otis. "Has she gone?" Her eyes went wildly to the door. "Yes, I tell you I saw her Katherinec-as plainly as I ever saw lier in my life. Mr Otis, for Heaven's sake, take me away--don't leave-nme"orI shall go raving mad." "`I shall take ybu away, and I shail iot leave you. a moment alone, If "you will speak the truth." She cowered down into her chair, her face hidden in 'her hands, arid in a gasp ing sort of whisper told her story, which Ifr Otis wrote down. (To be Continued.) : 