STORIES. THE SOUND OF A Y0ICE. I received one morning in my surgery a visit from Lord Springthorpe. " I have beard a great deal of you lately, Doctor," he said. " That was a very clever cure yoa effected in my friend Russel's case." " That was nothing," I replied, discovered that my prcdcccssor in the case had made a mistake in his diagnosis, and was treating the patient for an imaginary disease, thereby aggravating the one from which he was really suffering. I simply reversed the treatment, when ti.e patient, who is a man of excellent constitution, began to mend directly. " You are modest, Doctor," he said laughingly. " However, I have sufficient confidence in your judgment to ask your advice in a somewhat delicate matter. The delicacy lies in the circumstance that the patient must be kept in ignorance of the fact that she is being observed. It is my wife, Lady Springthorpc, to whom I refer. She has been in failing health for some time, but from what cause we cannot ascertain. Our family physician, Dr. Hollister, in whom I place implicit trust, confesses himself entirely at fault, and would be very glad of your opinion ; but Lady Springthorpe is firm in her refusal to see another physician, Therefore, you will have to conceal the real object of your viBit under the guise of friendship." " Can you give me any idea of the symptoms ? "• I asked. " Nothing but a wasting away—a fading from day to day—a mysterious sapping of the foundations of vitality." " Has Dr. Hollister formed no opinion ? " " He is inclined to believe that her trouble is mental—that she has some brain disease, or that she has something upon her mind, the anxiety of which is killing her. But that, of course, we know to be impossible." "I must confess that j - ou have aroused my professional curiosity," I said, " and 1 shall be happy to see Lady Springthorpe, and compare notes with Dr. 1 lollister." " Thank you, doctor. As I have already intimated, it would not do for you to come openly in your professional 0 ipacity, but I shall be entertaining a low friends next week at Gravelly Grange—you know we live in a very q:iiet liomely way, as Lady Springthorpe does not care for town life—and I shall b: very gla I if you would make one of them." " Nothing could better suit with my oivn ideas," I replied. " If the case presents any difficulty, I shall be more likely to arrive at a correct opinion from r.indom observations. I can generally urrive at the solution of a problem by iipproaching it in an oblique direction, if it eludes me when I go squarely at it. J shall be pleased to be your guest for a week. I shall take no notes or make any deliberate observations, but if at the end of that time I do not furnish you with a full explanation of Lady Springthorpe's case, you may know it is beyond me." " Very well, then, doctor ; we shall expect you on Monday." Gravelly Grange, Lord Springthorpe's seat, was a red brick edifice, faced with stone, in the stjle known as the Elizabethan. One portion, now unoccupied, actually belonged to that period, and the remainder, although evidently built ot different times, had been made to conform in some measure to the original design. Upon my arrival I had scarcely time to change my dress when a knock came to my door and Lord Springthorpe entered. " I believe we tacitly agreed not to discuss the real object of your visit, but 1 must express my great anxiety for my wife's health. I am afraid, if this mysterious disease is not promptly checked, Lady Springthorpe is not long for this world. I must tell you that we are an exceptionally affectionate and devoted couple, although I am nearly twice her age, and the separation would be a great blow to me. As we" grow older our attachments become stronger or our sensibilities more keen. I loved my first wife, and Heaven knows how I grieved when she died ; but somehow the anguish of her loss, which I bad before me for a long time, never caused me such anguish as 1 suffer now." " Because then you had never experienced such a loss and could not properly realise how much it meint. OSow you know what a rude shock it is to have the associations of years broken ap, and you dread the ord«al." " That is probably the correct scientific explanation," he said, with a smile, "but when people suffer, they cannot analyse their feelings ; they only feel, they cannot reason. In the present case I should bear a double burden of grief, for I should mourn the death of two women at once. Do you believe in the possibility of a man loving the living and the dead at the same time ?"' "I can quite understand that the affections, deprived of their objects, still survive, and like a climbing vine that his lost its original support, can throw their tendrils about the nearest suitable object, comforting to its shape, without outgrowing the impression of 'the first." " So it was with me. My first wife is as dear to me, and as much a reality as ever, although I found solace for her loss in the love of another woman. The world accused me of heartlessness and of disrespect to the memory of my first ' wife, What do yon say ?" "I say that the world is generally wrong in its judgment of the motives of individuals. It seldom considers differences in circumstances or character. Fortunately it is not everyone whose happiness is dependent on the world's verdict. " Very true. I could have afforded to have utterly disregarded it, had not Augusta herself heen maligned. She was accused of duplicity and design. You know onr marriage was what society called' mettaliance. Augusta was my wife's -companion—what do I not owo to that woman's tenderness and sympathy ! The devotion of a lifetime is the last return i could make her. But I am afraid I am boring yon, Doctor. Oome. and I will introduce you to Lady .Springthorpe." One glance - told me as much as I should probably ever know of -Lady Springthorpe's case. In the emaciated lines of her face I read plithissis, and there was a furtive, hunted look of the eyes that as plainly spoke of mental trouble. I saw, too, that Lady Springthorpe was no ordinary person. I should say that she never was handsome, but in spite of the evidences of disease, she was still a. fascinating woman. Her face beamed with quick intelligence, and there was a peculiar charm and grace in her manner that were irresistible. I was surprised to detect a fleeting expression of recognition at sight of me, but it passed so quickly that I should have thought myself mistaken, had not Lord Springthorpe, also observing it, asked : " Have you two met before ?" " No," I replied, " at least, not to my recollection." She smiled sweetly, and extended her hand. No," she said, " Dr. Norris and I have never mot." At the sound of her voice I started, for there was a tone which struck my ear as familiar, but although I scrutinised her countenance, I had certainly never seen that face before. "Now it is your turn to appear surprised," said Lord Springthorpe. " Pardon me," I said, " but it seems to me that I have heard Lady Springthorpe's voice before, though under what circumstances I have not the remotest idea." " How singular!" said Lord Springthorpe. " Perhaps Dr. Norris will presently recollect whose voice it is mine reminds him of," Lady Springthorpe said. " Very likely," I replied. During dinner I was unusually dull and pensive. Lady Springthorpe's voicc haunted me. Every time she spoke I involuutarily looked up, expecting to encounter a familiar face. At times there was something in her pose that touched a chord of memory, but try as I might to construct a complete figure from these two traits, the face always baffled me. At last I dismissed the matter from my mind by force of will, leaving the mystery to clear) itself, as I knew it would. After dinner, when we had rejoined the ladies and the other guests either chatting in couples or grouped about the piano, Lady Springthorpe came and sat beside me. " Well," she asked, " have you found the owner of the voice 7 " The speech was accompanied by a slight peculiar gesture, one of those little nervous tricks of manner to which we are all subject, and which so clenrly mark our individuality. In this case it supplied me with the missing link of evidence, and enabled me at once to reply : " Yes, it has occurred to me." "Who was it 7" " A lady who once called to consult me professionally." " Indeed 7" Her tone implied a desire for further information, so I proceeded : " It was six years ago. I was then a struggling young physician, nursing a feeble practice in a new neighborhood. One day a lady, in a thick veil, called to ask my advice in regard to her mother, who was, so she said,, suffering from heart disease. Then she described, the symptoms, which were those of a. person in a very critical state. They bad been long expecting, she said, the return of a long-absent friend and brother, who was a seaman, bnt she had that morning received the sad intelligent of the wreck of the vessel, with the loss of all on board. Some explanation would have to be made to the mother of his continued absence, but could they tell her the truth in the state of her health 7 I replied that such a revelation at such a time would probably be attended with fatal consequences. She left, declaring[tbat at whatever cost she would conceal the truth from her mother." " And you have never seen her since 7" "No. I had quite forgotten the circumstance." "And you would not recognise her if you met her again 7" "As I said, her face was .concealed by a thick veil. I have not the slightest idea of her features." " But the voice was like mine 7" "Yes." " You do not think it was I J" " Had it been you, you would have recognised the circumstances," " Which I do not. Bnt there arc resemblances between voices, I suppose, as there are sometimes between faces. ' " I do not remember of ever having heard of such a case." " And you are sceptical on the point 7" "I should have been bnt for this instance." " The coincidence appears to me remarkable, for at first sight it seemed as though I had met you before.. How do you account for that 7" " It is something I cannot account for." " Do you believe that toyo people, who had never met in the flesh, may' meet and become acquainted. -in dreams 7" " I protest," I said, .laughing, " yon have me at an unfair disadvantage. This is a theory I never heard before, and iu regard to which I am unprepared to offer an opinion. I am curious to hear more of it. What do you call it 7" "Ah,Doctor, lam-afraid you would •only prove a scoffer.!' At this point she was. called awayi That night in the smoking-room, Lord Springthorpe and I lingered over cigars after all the other guests had retired. I had been thinking over the mystery of that woman with the veiled face. That she and Lady Springthorpe were the same I had not the slightest doubt, but as she. evidently feared recognition, I had ibeen too politic to- insist upon it. Why there should be any mystery, about •a visit to a physician puzzled me. Plainly there was something beneath the surface, which, as in the case of many mysteries, wonld never have been suspected but for the pains taken to conceal it. I conld not forbear asking Lord Springthorpe it few questions, which I conld easily do without appearing curions, for, as I had already remarked, he bad a fondness for talking of his family affairs, and by an occasional question I conld direct, while seeming to follow, his conversation. "Do you know, I asked, "if L«dy Springthorpe is liable to any hereditary malady 7'' " I cannot really say," he replied, " I never knew Angusta's family." " Are her parents dead then ?" " Yes; she has been an orphan from childhood." Here X made mental note. A little later I asked : " Have you any children, my lord 7,' " I have an only son by my first wife. He is lieutenant on board H.M.S. Sphinx." " Was he at home at the time of his mother's death 7 " " No ; but he was hourly expected after three years' absence on a foreign station. Poor fellow, he arrived only time to find his mother in her coffin !" Here I made another mental note. " Did the first Lady Springthorpe die of consumption 7 " " No ; of heart disease." Her end was unexpected, then 7 " "Not altogether. She had been ailing for years, and the doctors had warned ns to be prepared for death at any moment. At the same time, they said she might live on for years if spaied excitement or shock." " Did she Feceive a shock, then 7 " " No ; she retired to rest in better health than usual. The prospect of seeing lier son again seemed to buoy her up. In the morning she was found dead in bed. It must have been a happy ending, for no doubt, as Augusta says, it was the result of the joyful anticipation of her son's return." " Had she no attendance during the night 7" " Miss Clay—Augusta—usually slept in the same apartment, but on this particular night Lady Springthorpe was feeling so well that she dismissed her to her own room. The maid slept in the ante-room but heard nothing." " Had Miss Clay access to her during the night?" No. Although their rooms adjoin wall to wall, they are entered from different passages. But But I am sure I am boring you by talking so much of my own affairs." " On the contrary, you have aroused my interest." " You are very kind to say so, doctor." Here we parted, and I retired to rest. " So," I thought, " I have already learnt more of Lady Springthorpe's case than I care ti know." Reovlving in my mind some pretext for taking my departure on the following day, I fell My rest was uneasy. I seemed never to lose consciousness of my surroundings, yet there was something eerie and uncanny about them that did not belong to the waking world. There seemed alternations of light and shadow, as thin, fleecy clouds chased each other across the path of the moon, as if the room had been open to the sky. And there were rushes of cold wind that stirred my hair with the soothing rustle of leafy branches. I seemed to hear whisperings about my bed, as strange, airy beings floated in and out upon the moonbeams, and hovered round about me. And through all, and. above all, I heard the sound of that voice I had heard in my surgery six years before— the voice of Lady Springthorpe : " You shall not part us ! You shall not part us !" it seemed to say. - Then I was wakened by an unmistakeable actual sound—a dull thud, that jarred the room. It was the closing down of my window which I had partly open to admit a free current of air. Doubtless a sashline had parted, I thought, and turned again to slumber. This time I slept so heavily that it seemed to me I was imprisoned deep down iu the bowels of the earth in a sulphurious atmosphere, at an,enormous pressure, in a darkness so. dense as to seem material. My head was buried under some crushing weight. Ages passed thus, and I had become incorporated with the rock itself, when one day human voices broke in upon the eternal stillness of my inferno —voices of a generation born thousands of years since I had been lying there dead and turned to stone—but although I heard their very words, and can remember them now, to me they conveyed no meaning. Then came the sounds of blows and rending of the rock, which gave way with a fearful crash, and the pure air of heaven rushed into my prison-house. I felt myself lifted upon my feet, but movement was so painful that I threw myself down again, for I felt I only wanted to sleep undisturbed. Then a voice cried : "Norris, Norris! For God's sake, rouse yourself." " Walk him up and down," said another voice. " Bring him out into the passage." Again I was lifted up and forced along, and after what seemed to be ondless peregrinations, it began to dawn upon me that I was in the passage of Gravelly Grange, surrounded by Lord Springthorp's guests.' " How did that happen, .Doctor 7" asked Lord Springthorpe, who held me by the arm. I turned and gazed upon him stupidly. I noticed that he and others were in their pyjamas. "How did what happen 7".I asked. " What Jhas happened 7" " Yon left your gas turned on foil, on going to bed." "Impossible 1" " It is true I However, we were jn time to save yoa. It was ai fortunate circumstance— that the Major here chanced to awake, and detecting a smell of gas, was able to trace it to jour room. We were just in time, for you were quite insensible." " I cannot explain it," I said. - *' Of coarse, I cannot recall the definite act of torning oat the gas, bnt it is habitual with me to do eo .carefully ; and I never make a practice of leaving a jet even burning low. It is incredible that -I should have broken into the habit of a lifetime." "Well, it is of no consequence now how it came about ; bnt ypa are turned out of. your room for the rest of the night. Would you mind making ase of the couch in my room 7 I will lend you some blankets from my bed. I don't care to call np the servants." I was glad enough to rest under any circumstances, and closed with his offer at once. In five minntes I was sleeping soundly once more, without being troubled with dreams. I rose in the morning little, the worse for my experience. At breakfast I met Lady Springthorpe, and was startled by the.plteration in her appearance. Her face had a pinched, worn look, and her eyes were.sunken and snrronnded by dark rings. She had evidently passed a night of suffering, but her indomitable will showed in the fact of her sustaining the semblance of her usual high spirits. Her conversation was as sparkling and her manner as sweet and gracious as ever. When she commiserated with me on mv night's adventure, and coquettishly rallied me on my heedlessness, I could feel my suspicions slipping away from me. After breakfast I stole upstairs and made, a careful examination of my bedroom. I found the gas tap to be in perfect condition, as was also the window. No sash line had bepn broken, as I had at first conjectured, and the sash being properly counterweighed, it was manifestly impossible that it should have closed of itself. I had no doubt but that a deliberate attempt had been made upon my life; but how had my room been entered 7 I bad shot the bolt on retiring, and it had been broken when the door was forced. There was positively no other means of ingress to the apartment, unless it were by the window, and that was at least forty feet from the ground, with no balcony or other projection from the steep face of the wall —nothing but the narrow stone coping that marked the divisions of the different storeys. As I stood looking from the window, Lady Springthorpe crossed the groands below, looking up and bowing with her most radiant smile, in which I thought I detected a shadow of something like defiance. "You are no ordinary woman," thought I, apostrophising her retreating figure. " Who plays with you has a dangerous opponent—but there is such a thing as over-reaching one's self. Today I should have left you without a sign—now I remain to see the game ont, even though I am beaten." That night I went to the same room, although Lord Springthorpe pressed me to occupy another, but as it had been thoroughly ventilated, and all damage repaired during the day, I begged that no change be made. I was determined to investigate the mystery of my nocturnal visitor, tut although I lay half-dressed upon my bed in the dark for half the night, nothing whatever occurred. At last, fatigue overcoming my resolution, I was just drifting into a doze, when a Btealthy footstep fell upon my ear, seeming to come from the corner of the room, behind me. I was wide awake in a moment with every nerve strained, but I suppressed all impulse to betray myself by motion. The footstep was repeated again and again, and seemed approaching, accompanied by a deep suppressed breathing. The sonnds. ceased at the bedside, with a long, sustained inspiration. At that moment, by a sudden twist of the body I brought myself to my feet on the floor, prepared to grapple with the intruder. To my consternation there was no one there, My first thought was that my imagination had played me a trick by misinterpreting some distant sound, but, no—almost in my face I heard that same, long breath expelled in a sigh, while the footsteps turned and retreated to that corner whence they had first issued. I stood electrified with horror, bathed from head to foot in an icy sweat. The most imminent peril; provided it had tangible form, - could not have occasioned me the terror that did that empty space. Tnen in a nervous jury I sprang after the retreating sounds, and smote the air, bnt my. blows met with no resistance. 1 lighted the gas and searched the room, only to prove that it had no occupant but myself. It seemed an hour before I could collect myself sufficiently to reason. I had always been a sceptic as to the supernatural, yet here was evidence seeming to upset the convictions of a lifetime. I could not doubt my senses —surely my brain and nerves had been too well trained to give way to delusions so suddenly. I must admit the phenomenon, the difficulty was to explain it. However, when I had a little recovered my composure, I reasoned that if what I had heard were an objective, manifestation, it must have a physical source, which I determined to discover. I sat down to calmly await a repetition of the sounds, but although . I-watched and listened till daybreak, they came no more. During the day that followed, in conversation with Lord Springthorpe, I introduced the • subject of the older portion of the house, and learnt its history, what there was of it, it -seeming to possess no peculiar interest beyond the fact of its antiquity. " Not even the traditional ghost 7" I asked. "No, strange to say, the only portion of the Grange which has any supernatural interest was built within my own recollection. By-the-way, it is the very room you are now occupying," " Indeed 7 And pray, what was the ghost story ?" " There is scarcely any story to mention, but people who. formerly slept there used to complain of peculiar noises, and the room got the reputation of being haunted. c - When Miss Glay pame here —the present Lady Springthorpe— hearing we had a- haunted. room, she requested to. be allpwed.to pass at least one night in it, and .occupied the room .regularly from that tim? till the date of-our marriage, without seeing or hearing anything unusual." "And what was the nature, of sonnds jsapposed to be have, been beard 7" " It is a peculiar thing tfyat several people, who had never met, i agreed in their aocounts, whioh were of strange voices in the air, and the sound of invisible feet walking about the room. I suppose yon have not been troubled by any such visitation 7" " No. Had I been, as a scientific man, I should probably have put it down to the conduction of sound from si other part of the house. That night, the third of my stay at Gravelly Grange, found me at my post, wondering what new development awaited me. I lay, as before, halfdressed upon the bed, but in spite of my determination, I fell into a deep sleep, from which I was startled by the shuddering sound of my window slowly rising. There, without the window, outlined against the sky, appeared a dark-robed, hooded figure, like that of a Capuchin friar. Slowly the sash ascended to its full height, and inoiselessly the figure mounted upon .the sill, and stepping upon a window seat, reached the floor, when it glided into the shadow that filled the corner of the room, and was lost to sight. Alter an anxious interval, I again saw its dark outline, gradually encroached on the area of diffused light that lay between me and the window, and I knew that it wa> slowly and imperceptibly drawing towards me. As it approached, the same stealthy footfall and the deep, -suppressed breathing I had heard the night before became audible. By the side of the bed it halted, with a deep inspiration, and a hand was lifted above the head, holding something which gleamed. Dropping my feet to the floor, I sprang up, seizing the uplifted arm with my left hand, and with my right arm pinioning the figure against my breast. There was a woman's cry, the gleaming -thing fell to the floor, and the figure hung limp upon my arm. I threw it across the bed and hastily lighted the gas. There lay the insensible form of Lady Springthorpe, a dark ulster covering her night-dress, and on the floor one of my own surgical knives, which I had thought secure in the case in my portmanteau. I had solved the mystery. Uvercome by the revulsion of feeling. I threw myself into an arm-ch&ir;, and lighted a pipe to bring my nerves under subjection. As Lady Springthorpe recovered her senses, we remained gazing at each other in silence. " Well," she said at last, " you have conquered. You know everything." " Unhappy woman," I said, " I know that you caused the death of your former mistress because she stood in the way of your ambition, and that you have twice attempted my life." She slipped from the bed to the floor at my feet. " Mercy, mercy," she cried. " If you knew how I have dreaded this moment —how I -have foreseen it! Once I thought myself safe—I thought discovery beyond the reach of possibility. Then it used to come to me in my dreams, that through some accident, some oversight—some excess of caution, even — judgment would overtake me. The certainty of detection has been a chill, black cloud hanging over me, descending lower and lower, and closing nearer and nearer. The longer it delayed the more terrible it seemed. It was consuming my life. I knew that it was killing me, aud I hoped and prayed that I might die before the blow fell—that I might breathe my last in my husbandVarms, beloved and respected. You came, and I knew that the blow had fallen. I had always carried with me the means of instant death against that moment, but wben I pictured to myself my .-husband's grief and horror—for I love him—I know you don't believe a woman such as I capable of true affection, but I love him. And you have come to denounce me to him." " What my precise duty is, I am not certain, but I do not feel justified in disturbing Lord Springthorpe's peace of mind." " I was ready and willing to die, but I could not bearto leavemy memory stained and blackened in his eyes. I prayed for just a little more life to enable me to destroy the accusing evidence. It was your life against his love. All nigbt I paced my chamber crying : " You shall not part us ! You shall not part us !" " I heard you—in my sleep." "Yes, years ago I discovered the secret af these two rooms—the curious acoustic property that at certain points in one, certain low, intense sounds are reproduced in the other, with such vivid distinctness as to seem actually present. And so I heard you breathing as you slept, and the thought came to me when I listened to her breathing, and so I broke upon her slumbers , with the false news that killed her. Oh, Heaven, how bitterly I have been punished! My ambition has reaped nothing but Dead Sea fruit!" And so you entered my room—and by the window—but how 7 Surely not by the coping—lesB than a foot in width 7" "Yes. Among my various experiences I have been a rope- walker, and, even had it not been for that, my determination wonld have carried me through in the determination of allying woman, for whom death and danger have no further terror. The first night you were saved by an accidental discovery. The second, I alarmed you by incautiously allowing yoa to hear me listening for your sleep. To-night, the third, I thought to make sure ; I put an opiate in your water bottle." 1 " Which I scarcely tasted." "You (Would have been found dead, with your own knife in yonr heart. The general verdict would have been suicide. But it was not to be ; you were to be my fate. I can struggle no longer. Go. to him—break his heart with your revelations — denounce me as a murderess—deliver my dead body up to the law !" and she fell forward. I raised her, and seeing that she was, indeed, near the point of death, placed her in an armchair and administered a restorative from my case. : Lady Springthorpe," I said.' when she had somewhat recovered," whatever yonr crime, this is not a time for judgment, and I am not your judge. Tomorrow I leave thiff place, and, believe me, I shall never open my lips in regard to what I have discovered. -Yonr punishment is .complete.-.'May yonr days end in peace, and may" your hus- [ band never have cause to regret you less. But let me assist you to your own room. You must not be discovered here." 1 raised her to. her feet, but she drew away from me. " The door is locked on the inside," she said, and glanced towards the window. " Not that way, for Heaven's sake !" I cried, but she sprang upon the window seat, and turning, waved me back. " It Esust be," siie said. " You have been very good—Good bless you ! Good-bye. You will never see me again," and disappeared through the window. I dared not look after her, f6arful of bringing about the catastrophe I dreaded. I stood breathless until 1 heard the words seemingly whispered in my very ear; " All safe! » Good-night * *! " The next day I left Gravelly Grange much to Lord Springthorpe's chagrin. " 1 have taken a great liking to you," he said ; " I like to talk to you—peris it is because you arc a good listener." I excused myself on the plea that my patients in London required my attention, and urged that Lady Springthorpe was beyond my help. I begged him to be prepared for the end. Some weeks later I read in the papers the aunouncement of the death of Augusta, Countess Springthorpe.— WILLIAM A. Bownou, in Magazine, Pearson's 