THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made hie way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his faoe declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer thc knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very ojear that he was an invalid on tho rapid road to convalescence. In ;reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case? Well. I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How lone were you Buffering 7" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and f have done nothing since then. 'About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pit t street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and After four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" "?Simply indescribable. Tho pains were' something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world Uko as if a saw wore cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was i incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my ease was utterly hopeless. How- ever, he gave me an order to the Director cf Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" "No ; I came home and went :o bcd, ana j have been pretty well in bed ever sinos. Five woeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; In fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mo, and only a, question of days when I would give up th li ghost. My doctor waaattendiog nw,end dit 'i ? I all be could, by opium and morphia pille, to ease tho agony I was in, I was under bini for five or six weeks. He came to the con- clusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a dis- ease of the spinal nord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, aud difficulty in co-ordinatiug voluntary movements. He told me that I mi^ht lust for ten years, and that I might never get thu uso of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will graBp at a straw, I grasped at an idea onnvcycd by an advertisement describlag the cure effected in the oaae of another boiler- maker in England, which I read in the Aus- tralian Workman, by Dr. .Williams' Piuk Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a" trial any- way, und sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was thc first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in- credible. I immediately left the bcd and was able to move ubout. I have taken four boxe» of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. T can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gra- dually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there Î They aro perfectly new, and I have never used thom. They were made for me before I got thc Piuk Pills, but I was too weak to usc them, and now I don't want them. All I «nut ia this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You Bec I am rapidly regaining my strength." " Ho is IOU per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken thc baby on her knees. "Tho Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who» called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "lean now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler- maker, and you know I have to be in the; very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during thc past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mrmtlepiece there isaboxof opium and morphia pills which thc doctor gave mc to deaden the excruciating pain, But they can stay where they arc, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me his becu amazed at the change in mc. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con- firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tho many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of thc blood, such os anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak- ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head- ache, fcc. 