[THE FIGURE !EJ THE SHOW, Cy DANI1SL If. CONNOR. It is not with any intention of addins to the already over-Ions catalogue of so called “Ghost Stories,” still less attempt ins to illustrate or to refute some new 1 psychological theory, that the singular experience which 1 am about to describe is. hero, set forth. My sole object is to clear myself of an altogether unfounded suspicion, rumors of which have begun, after a lapse of many months, to reach niy ears, by giving to the world the de tails of what is, perhaps, the most ex traordinary episode in the whole course 1 of legal history. f The once famous "Willoughby Case," celebrated as being one of the most pro tracted Chancery suits on record, and its sudden and- dramatic termination consequent upon the discovery, by one of .tlte counsel engaged, of certain missing j document's of title, must still be fresh in Ute public memory: and the: references .which I shall have to make to that c;jse, T^r'j1"!;' trl;'; dm names'of such pjor ' sens a nd places''as. might be p\isnctL«5!!ta their inirbdu’ctioe. into an ’imwelcohYo" notoriety, wjll, therefore, he of the slightest nature consistent with the* evo lution of my story. . Suffice it to say that T. Frederick Marsden, was the young barrister who found the missing documents, concealed in my own chambers, that the claimant. Miss Willoughby, whose success depen ded upon'the discovery of the deeds, has since become my wife, and that the vague unreasonable suspicion of some fraud on my part in connection with the affair has determined me to make known what I would have greatly pre ! ferred to keep secret, the singular, the almost incredible circumstances under which T made the discovery. It was in the autumn of IS- that. being on the look-out for residential chambers, I found a set vacant at No. 5 Trafford's, Inn. near Holborn. The rooms appeared likely to suit me, and I ac cordingly took them, ancl entered upon my tenancy with the New Year. I had hitherto lived in lodgings: hut lately I had begun to build up a very satisfac tory little practice,-and I thought that my increasing income would justify an establishment of my own. Trafford’s Inn consists of a small, stone-paved square, and upon this square my rooms, or rather my sitting-room, looked upon the commanding altitude of the third floor. The place was quiet; almost too quiet, the silence at night being ' positively oppressive. All the buildings were very old, the rooms low pitched and oak-panelled, the doors sagged, • the ceilings bulging down wards. My. chambers had no striking peculiarity, except, perhaps, the fact that they had been vacant for a good many years, and that there was, in con sequence, a somewhat musty atmos phere in the gaunt hare rooms ,and in the great cupboards and capacious chests with which the place abounded. This, however, was soon got rid of by such simple expedients as open win dows and a little fresh paint; and, when ! I had had the place properly furnished, with pictures, chairs, and ta,hles, all old fashioned and appropriate, it looked, at least in the eyes of its new possessor, very comfortable indeed. Once fairly settled, I had quite enough work to occupy my time. My practice, as I have said, was a growing one : and, 'irp.ong other cases, I was retained in on: of the many minor suits arising . out qf tile famous dispute which had 'been -pending for years; about the title to thc'"W'illoughby estates. The case was now supposed to be nearing its close, which—it seemed al most certain—would prove unfavorable to the claimant, a young girl just out of her minority. The case rested en tirely upon certain title deeds which had been abstracted .according to the argument put forward on her behalf, by a solicitor's clerk, suborned by the opposing side. Tilts had occurred many years ago. But the suit had still dragged its way along, and, no trace having been dis covered either of the clerk or of the missing documents, the whole story had come to be regarded as a fabrication. So much so, indeed, that the prosecu tion of Miss Willoughby was regarded as being likely to follow an adverse de cision. Work in connection with this and my other briefs kept me pretty busy during the day; and my evenings I-usually spent at my club, returning to chambers almost invariably—for 1 am a very methodical man — at the stroke of twelve, and going straight to bed. I mentioned this because the ele 1 ment of time is an important factor in I the ensuing part of my story. It will be remembered that there were several heavy falls of snow during the spring of IS—. In the streets outside the snow lay on the ground for weeks: but our small square was swept after every fall, and no show was allowed to remain there, except what fell between dusk and an early hour in tlic morning. This, also, it is important to bear in mind. One night in February there occurred the first of the mysterious events which have led me to the writing of this narrative. I had entered the Inn, as usual, a few minutes before midnight, and had crossed the square, which was lightly carpeted with snow, noticing, as I did so, that mine were the first foot prints to disturb Us unbroken surface. The night was then perfectly clear and fine. I climbed my three pairs of stairs, and, on entering my sitting-room, walked across the' window and looked ou,t.: My eye was at once .caught by a dark object lying in tlie snow, imme diately beneath me, and a more careful examination showed that it was the figurt; of a man. Now, I could have sworn that, two minutes before, there had been nothing there; and. in addition to that fact, there was this extraordi nary circumstance, enough, in itself, to impress me with a queer uncanny . sensation. In spite of the height from whic-h I was looking, I could distinctly see every feature of the man’s face; and never has .it been my lot to witness a more horrible expression of mingled terror, pain, and malignant triumph. The eyes .were wide and staring, and caught a steely blue glare from the light of the moon. The head was twisted back ward and half round from the body, which lay on its side, with one arm bent in underneath it. And there were dark splashes upon the snow, u hei e the body must have struck the stones. . \U this I took in at a glance, ana. as I have said, with a quite unnatural clearness of vision. Then I turned and 'ran 'downstairs at the ton of my speed, Tvith the intention of rendering assist ance, if that were not yet too late But at the foot of the staircase I started hack in sudden amazement. There was noth ing there ! Over the whole quadrangle the snow lay spotless and unbroken , save for the single track of my own foot prints leading diagonally across the square from the porter’s lodge . Perplexed and troubled, I slowly re ascended the stairs, pausing on each landing to look down again and assure myself that, this time, I was not mis taken. And. on re-entering my on n room I could not resist the temptation to throw one last glance out into the square. The figure was there still ! The white distorted face, with Us glassy | eyes; the twisted body: the splashes of blood dark against -their pure white background ! It was still all there ! Again I darted out on Uie landing. and again niv eyes nu t only the unbroken surface ol' the snow. Back once more into my room, to find once more the same ghastly spectacle facing me when I looked down, j threw up the window, thinking that the whole thing might bo an illusion produced by some ilaw in the glass. But still it was there. 1 Finally, in despair . of solving- tlu* mystery, and thinking that I must be the victim of some strange hallucina tion. 1 closed the window, drew down •my blinds to shut out the horror, and went, to -bed. Uaylight. when I looked out next | morning, showed me only the dark, i clean-swept liags with which the quad- j rangle was paved. A thaw had set in. and the whole scene was so changed that I could not associate it in my mind with tn.v experience of the night heroic. So that, by the time J had breakfasted and smoked a pipe, r bad pretty well persuaded myself that T must have dreamed it all. and deter mined to keep my own counsel". To tell the trnHiwJLwi’-*5 fust a ,littlesashamed to I had seen, being a "ilw-rsi IVkri n 11 I knew v. ouhtfoilow any departure fijom my often 0X{Vressed convictions. Tfiero ' was no more snow, and no further ap j pearance of the spectral figure for several weeks after this ; and in the press of business, the whole affair passed almost entirely out of my recol Bm T was not to forget it easily. Some five or six weeks later, as 1 was walking home from the club at mi regular hour, the first big flakes ol a heavy snowstorm brought it all back to me. And by the time I reached Tral ford's Inn. the ground was covered to the depth of several inches. Breath lessly I hurried across the square and up to my rooms, knowing instinctively what I was going to see. yet hoping against hope that I might be mistaken. But I had guessed only too well. There lay the outstreched figure, just as before, save that, there being no moon, the eyes wore invisible. But I now observed this strange phenomenon. On the last oc casion. there had been no snow- falling. Now. the air was dense with flakes. But, while every prominent object, the bran ches of a small tree, the handle of a pump in the centre of the square, the lid of a covered sink hard by, bore its soft cushion of while, the body on the ground remained untouched by the falling flakes and still showed through them—a. solid, black mass. This time I hesitated no longer. Hurry ing hack to the lodge, I roused the por ter—an old soldier, who had held the post for many years—and bade him follow me. I made him stop on each landing, as I had done, and. pointing to the spot, asked him whether he saw anything in the snow. “Why. no, sir. Nothing,” was his rather puzzled answer. And I noticed that lie looked hard and somewhat cu riously at me. When, however, we were inside my room, and I once more put the question “ Now, porter, can you see anything there? Or am I dreaming?” his man ner suddenly changed. A light seemed to break upon him, and, bending eagerly out from the window, he took a long look, rubbed his eyes, and then looked again. At last ho turned and faced me, .with the words : “No. sir. There is nothing there; not as I can see.” But his face was as white as a sheet; his lips were trembling, and I knew that the man lied. He, too, saw what I had seen. Further, he knew what I did not know—something of the apparition's hid den meaning. What this might be, however, he was either afraid or unwilling to tell mo, and to rav invitation that he would take something to drink, he answered that he dared not leave his post at the lodge for longer than was absolutely necessary. So I gave up the idea of trying to got any information from him, and hade him "Good night.” Next day I laid the whole story before my friend Jack Briant. a barrister slight, ly my senior in standing, and a greater sceptic, if that were possible, than my self in ail matters relating to the super natural. As I expected, he was at first utterly incredulous. “Nonsense, my dear fellow!” was hia comment when I had finished. You must have been reading too hard, and got your eyes a bit out of order. And, as for old Martin"—Martin was the porter _“getting in a funk and shivering, I ttou't wonder, when you make him stand looking out of the window at 12 o’clock at night in a blinding snow-storm. I’ll believe you when 3rou can show me your ghost, and not till then.” “ Come up to-night.” I said, "if it , snows again between this and then, and I will show you my ghost, as you call it.” “Right you are,” he replied. “Noth ing I should like better. And we’ll see if we can’t knock the bottom out of this cock and bull story of yours. At twelve, you say, this gentleman is on view.” “Twelve," I answered. “I shall ex pect you at twelve.” There was snow on the ground again that evening when I made my way home, taking care to arrive about a quarter be fore midnight, so as not to keep Briant waiting. I was also anxious, if the truth must be told, to see for myself whether or not I should have anything to show him. There was a small entrance hall or passage between the “Oak” and the door of my sitting-room, and coming from this passage, which was pitch dark, into the comparative light of the larger room, I saw, to my astonishment, that someone had got in during my absence. Seated at a small table before the fire was the figure of a man, busily occupied in writing. Every now and then, he would raise his head and glance round at the door, as though he expected to see someone. But, as his eyes mec mine, there was no recognition in them. He would stare straight at me for a mo ment, and then turn and begin feverish ly to write again. A faint shaft of light from the window on the opposite side of the square fell on his face, and I could recognise, with that abnormal clearness of vision which I had before remarked, the face that had stared up at me, ma lignant and distorted with agony, from its snow-bed in the square below. Now, however, it bore an expression of eager anxiety, a terrified hunted look which was almost piteous to witness. For wliat seemed an age, tnougn, ol course, it could only have been a few minutes. I stood watching him in the doorway, fascinated, chained to the spot. Sheet after sheet of paper he covered and tossed aside, and, at last, just as a neighboring clock began to chime the first quarter of twelve, he dashed his pen down, sprang to his feet, and bundled all the papers together, looked fearfully over his shoulder towards the door. Then he lifted up the window seat, which appeared to form the lid of a large box or ottoman, and kneeling in front of it, seemed to be stowing the papers away at the bottom of it. This took some little time, and, when he stood upright again, tli* action of stooping so low had shaken his long greyish hair down over ' his forehad, imparting to the thin face, with its deep-set eyes and prominent cheekbones a wild, haggard look, the look of a man in some fearful extremity, I drawn, agonised, despairing. He faced me now, anti was coming towards the door. Involuntarily I shrank a pace or two backward. But on the threshold he stopped suddenly, craning forward, and seeming to listen intently, as though his car had caught some sound on the stairs outside. For a moment he stood with one hand pressed to his forehead, then turned and rushed across to the window. Opening it, he looked out, but drew back shuddering. There were steps or, the staircase now; Briant had arrived. And then the end enme. Springing first on to the window-seat and from that out on the sill, the man. drew himself to iris full height, stood bal anced for one second, and. with a final concentrated look of terror and hatred, ’shot downwards into the dark. And, as he fell, the last leisurely stroke of mid night boomed out on the still night air. Calling to Briant to wait a minute, I crossed to the window and looked out. There lay the black, prostrate figure, just as T had always seen it. My next step was to open the window-seat and bundle out all the contents of the box, a miscellaneous collection of odds and ends and empty bottles. Of course, there were no papers amrterneatlvj.h.em; but at one epd of tho bottom I wuha ri-;.r hole floor andl the bottotai of trie e KeSWivns~ a space of about three inches, contain ing several folded parchments and some loose sheets of paper, all stained, mil dewed, and smothered in dust. As I lifted out the first of the sheets a name in the endorsement caught my eye—the name of Wilfougkby! "I say. old man, hurry up, for goodness sake! I'm freezing,” came a voice from outside. It was Briant. whom I had for gotten, so absorbed was I in the examin ation of the chest. I now made haste to admit him. saying as I opened the “.Tack. I believe I've found the missing. Willoughby deeds.” He was obviously disappointed. “Oh," he said. "And what about the ghost! I don’t expect to be put off with anything less than the real authentic ghost, after turning out at this unseemly hour on purpose to meet him. It wouldn't be fair, you know.” "The ‘ghost’ is there,” I said. “It was through the ‘ghost’ that I discovered' these things.” And I pointed, first to the window, and then to the heap or ' papers on my table. “Where?” asked Briant. peering out. “There’s nothing down there. What a fool you are, Fred.” I joined him at the window, and looked out also. The figure h:rd vanished! “Now. what have you got to say for yourself?” Jack went on, almost angrily, “'You’re satisfied at last, I hope.” But when I told him what I had seen that night, and showed him the very ma terial result of my "vision.” his tone changed, and he admitted that “there did seem something queer about it.” “Mind j-ou,” he said. “I don’t believe, and I never shall believe, that there even was any ghost in the business.” "But if there wasn’t." I argued, “What could' have made me think of looking in that box. Why, I never even knew that there was a box under that seat. How do you explain it?” Jack pondered. “Hang it all man!” he said at last. “One can't explain everything.” Then we lit the fire and our pipes, and settled down to ah examination of the papers. The folded parchments were, as I had guessed, the long missing title deeds ' of the Willoughby property. The loose sheets contained a long, rambling statement, almost illegible In places, and breaking off into a thin, wavering line, when* the writer had been interrupted, made by the clerk who had abstracted the papers. His reason for the theft was. apparently, his resentment of an un just dismissal, and he had tied, when pursued, to the chambers occupied by his master, who was then absent front Our perusal of the papers lasted far into the night; and early next morning I called on Miss Willoughby’s solicitors and handed over the documents to them. How, at their office, I met Edith Wil loughby, how our acquaintance ripened into friendship, and our friendship into love_these are matters which have no connection with my present story: Enough that I, as well'as my wife, owe a heavy debt of gratitude to the Traf ford’s Inn ghost, who lias brought us something worth more, as Edith puts it, than all the estates in the world. As for my spectral visitor, he never appeared again. His mission .was ap parently accomplished as soon as he had pointed out the hiding place of the deeds. I questioned the porter again, telling him. that the mystery was solved, whereupon he admitted that he did remember the clei-k’s suicide one snowy night long ago, but knew nothing of its cause or its bearing on the Willoughby case. And for the rest—but no. I would, rather not enter upon that. As Jack Briant says, one can’t explain, every tiling.— 