Complimentary Banquet to H- J, Gray, Esq- (From Our Own Correspondent.) GORDON, August 21. Prior to his departure from Gordon town, Mr H. J. Gray, the late manager of the Gordon North Gold Mine, was tendered a complimentary banquet on Friday evening last by the residents. Among the large number present were Mr R. Harris, manager of the Gordon South ; Mr C. L. Hunt, manager of the Gordon Main l ode ; Captain Wadge, manager Gordon Extended ; Messrs Heave Bros, Perseverance Gold Mines ; Mr Weld (son of ex-Westralian Governor of that name), Warden Troy, and Mr Sack ville West, of Kanowna. A large number of apologies were received from gentlemen on the various goldfields who were unable to attend. The most fastidious must have been satisfied with the magnificent repast provided by Mr Williams, "pTOjuittor of the Gordon Hotel. In the proposing of the various toasts and the responses to same, interesting comments on the local mines were made by mining men present. Mr Wadge, the chairman, proposed the . toast of " The Queen," which was very enthusiastically drank. Mr R. Harris, in proposing the toast of " Our Guest," referred in terms of eulogy to Mr Grtsy's good qualities as a practical mine manager; and Mr Harrison, engineer, said that apart from Mr Gray's qualities as a mining man, he (Mr Harrison) had found him in every sense of the word "a white man." Warden Troy, R.M., Kanowna, in speaking to the toast, alluded in complimentary terms to the guest, and expressed the pleasure he felt at having Mr Gray as a brother magistrate. Mr Wadge deeply regretted Mr Gray's departure, as he considered him, besides being a folly good fellow, one of the most capable managers in the district. The toast was drank with musical honors, and responded to by Mr Gray, who expressed regret that the depressed state of mining in the locality had necessitated his leaving. He had had hopes that the Gordon line was going to give some substantial returns before this, but he acknowledged himself disappointed. On the Gordon North, he said, a winding plant had been erected and a contract for sinking almost let when the directors, finding that the general slump prevailing in Gordon stocks was likely to affect the finances of their own company, decided to "apply for three months exemption to recoup. He expressed his belief that the Gordon would yet prove herself a gold mine, and that other claims on the line would follow suit when the various directorates saw their way clear to thoroughly work their mines. He deeply felt the kindness extended towards him by his Gordon friends and thanked them very heartily for the goodwill exhibited in the banquet and the last toast. Other toasts were honored "Mining Industry," ^'English tors," "The Ladies," and "The The toast, "Mining Industry,' proposed by Mr R. Harris, who, L speaking generally of mining in W.A., referred particularly to mining in the losality, and expressed his faith in the Gordon wines. Messrs Gray, Wadge, and Harrison spoke in response to this toast, and it was noticeable that the unanimous opinion of these local gentlemen was that the local mines have yet hopes of a bright future, notwithstanding the present gloomy outlook. The toast of "The Ladies" was proposed in a neat speech by Mr Warden Troy, and humorously responded to by Mr S. West. Miss Williams presided at the piano, and vaiious gentlemen entertained the company to songs, &c;, during the evening. For sterling -value and pnnty try Randy Koola T w agner's stepfather was named Geyer, and until almost grown Wagner himself went by that name. Geyer wanted to make a \ sinter of young Richard, but the latter could never learn to draw. His gift f r music was first suspected from his learning to play bits from Freisclmiz. His first determination, made before he was 10, was to be a poet, and by the time he was 11 he had written a tragedy in fire acts. Forty-two of the characters died by various violent means during the first funr sets, and he found himself compelled to bring about a dozen of them back as ghosts in order to keep the fifth act moving to a proper conclusion. Befuse Inferior i brands. Tale KB6TIX6' 