Dame Durden's Post-Office.' . Everyone under 18 ls invited to write letters here. The best will be published; and, perhaps, win a prize, and even the worst will be read with interest. Writ ers may choose any member of the, Court they please to write to, but must always address their letters, as of old, to Dame Durden. For instance, the boy who knows a good story about some animal, or has any thing to tell about his pets, will write to Prince Hal; the girl who makes the, nicest toffee in the world will send the recipe to Mistress Homely. Princess Spin away will enjoy getting stories, the Court Jester will jump at a good joke, and Captain Cook will always be glod to hear of now discoveries of any kind. You may make a special favorite among the Court-Quïon Youngheart, for example. In' that case you can al ways write to her; but do not forget that every com munication concerning this -page, must be addressed to "Dame Durden, 'Town and -Country Journal,' Mar ket-street, Sydney," and whatever,you send write only, on one side of the paper, a-hd .put your name, age, and address clearly; If yduiprefer tb have only initials or pen name printed say so in your note. Carefully, read the rules. ; ¿- ... . rr ,-'; ?. ?; ^ ?'. ??'"' . ?*> -.-' :°:',iy'i: Blayney.' Dear Prince Hai,-Perhaps you will be interested in the adventure I am about to. relate, -lt is, quite true; it happened.to my'-two-brothers and myself; One day in the Christmas holidays bf the» year 188Ü I proposed an excursion to the seashore (WèTltvèd then at Berry, hy the sta). Leslie and-Llndsay, agreed. The next morn ing we got up very early,,telling no one where we ,were going. I packed up some provisions, no nicely-cut sandwiches, but a great hunch of bread and corned meat, some cake, and the remains of our New Year's pudding. Then we mounted'into our equipage, which was a terrible old rattle-trap; the harness was tied to gether with string in parts, and the old horse could not be coaxed out of a quick shamble. Still we were not particular in the bush, but we may have created a sensation driving lip Market-street, Sydney. We went along thejtoush track at-.our smartest pace till we caine to the snB; then wc alighted and walked till the roar of the breakers broke on bur ears. We drove on to the damp sand, and along to the quicksands. It was reported that a waggon and horses had disappeared in the sand. I was a little fearful about crossing, but it would never have done to have confessed my fears to my brothers. So I tried to look unconcerned, and made jokes, but every moment I expected to find my self sinking down, down to nowhere. At it was, we came over safely to the other side, and we made old Bishop (his full name was Bishop Brown, of Monkey Town) secure, and left him with his nose In a bag of corn and chaff. We were going to a small beach, which was known to-a very few people. Some of thé" finest shells were to :be. found there. We called it Miniature Black Head-miniature because the beach is only a mlle and a half in length--black because the rocks are so dark à hue-and head because the beach runs to a point. We had to cross a paddock. The sun was very hot, the grass was long, and intersected with clumps of sweet desert pea. The air was full of insects, which flew with a thud against my face. Suddenly we heard the sound of a horse's unshod hoofs behind. We turned, and saw. a black horse coming at a brisk canter towards "us. , .I'could not but admire the beautiful satin coat even" then. Its eyes were glaring, lt was snorting, arid whisking its tail. Leslie shouted "Gray's wild horse!" ' . I- had often heard of this wild horse, and realised our danger. 'Then began . that frightful game of "tip."' Away, away we dashed: the paddock was a very large one, but to me then it seemed forty times larger than it really was. Once the snorting breath fanned my cheek, and I fancied I could feel tho hoofs thumping the life out of my body. I flung the basket, that I still clutched in desperate terror, oS'er my shoulder. I looked back. The horse was stamping the basket and. its contents with his hind feet, and now only, a fe.w. fragments of it re mained. That halt gave us new life, and wc stumbled on with dim. eyes and pantrhg breath. But soon the snorts told us that,we were still followed; however, the . wire fence was not far* distant. A few minutes later we tumbled through the fence, just as the horse plunged against it and wrenched and snapped the wire with . its teeth. We still ran., on, thinking that tho frail guard -might give way at any .moment. We gained, the beach, and picked up» seaweed of various colors, sponge, shells, and starfish. We were very hungry, and thought regretfully of- the viands stamped ^to atc ms in the. paddock; .. TimeVficw away, and we ¿jegan to think of tea and homp. but now we found, to our horre r, that the tide had'cut off bur retreat, and our only way now lay across that fatal paddock. I can remember how the sea came lapping up among the rocks, and -retreating with a hideous sucking sound. On a sunny day, when lying on the sand with a hook, I have thought the sanie, sound musical. The dark ness gathered; we determined, under its cover, to brave the wild horse. ' We crossed the paddock safely, and went to^ where we left Bishop, but he and the trap were "non cst. I thought he was swallowed up in the quicksand. A very dejected trio we were as we waded across, the frothy. spume washed against our legs (our boots and stockings had been washed away). We missed the opening, and go(t lost in the scrub, t-o had to turn hack. !We found Bishop minus the harness, and with the remnants of the shafts dangling dwn, wending his way homewards'. So, with this addition to our party, we went on. Two hours later a ho», ten put new life into, us, and we could sec the funny side to our adventure. Now wishing you a long and happy ' ? : ' . '"'. - Kileen Clinch (17 years). (Prince Hal: A most adventurous day.) * East Bundaberg (Queensland). Dear Dame Durden.r-I was very pleased to pet all of my letter.v printed. . I have" got all of them cut out r except one. 1 And to get my bootees put in third-class .honor; We have Jost tho old; magpie. I. tqld yo\i of in " several bf my; letters.va month ago. We'have still got the young magpie; he can say a lot of words now. If he seeB-you eatings anything he says "Pretty boy," to get some. ^e; Kàd our Sunday School picnic un the 2-1 th Of May. ' Daisy, and I enjoyed ourselves, very much. : The teachers amused the little ones by play ing games with.them; Indeed, we lind n prood day of ll, although' lt was raining, a .little, blt. My puppy Jack ?has grown so big that you would hardly know him. I will tell you why I called him Jack.. I told you of a fox terrier once before that got killed by the dingoes, and this puppy is just like he was. He ls tied up now, because he eats the eggs when he ls loose. But he is a good puppy, for you never hear him yelping, except when anyone comes In the yard. I Rm still in. the same class, and Daisy ls* In -the third -class. My ? sisters had four canaries, and Daisy''used to feed the birds, and so they gave her one: ho knows her. quite well. We went to. the waxworks a few weeks ago. I We saw all of the wax figures; then Punch and Judy, » played. I~ltlted the way they danced about the best. With regards to all the Court;,-I remain, yours sin cerely, . . V ! , Voilet E. Skyring (age. 11). \- (The Jester says he can understand that thc mag pie would make that remark if he saw himself (the Jester) eating anything, but has thc bird no discrimln I atlon? Suppose now lt saw Washington eating a lemon? Gr the Blackboy with his mouth' full of toffee?) : : .;' .;.; ' . ? . ' ?- ' ' ' ' Moree. Dear Dame Durden,- I sawr by. your answer to Amy Louisa Galnelle that through a.mistake I received tho last prize for letter-writing, therefore refund 'the 2s, which I think "Gipsy" is entitled to, being next on the list. Of course I don't know. I am very sorry to be the cause of the Court getting, confused, and ask all the pardons, as lt was unintentional-. . In future I will only put "Gertrude," my third name. I "go by" a good many ,of them, and sometimes get bothered my self. I firmly believe I . can beat "Sambo" if -pet and "nick" names be included. We have had no rain, except two or three drops one night; : The poor withered flowers held uto their heads, only to bow them again lower vwith disappointment. '. Many selectors and squatters are travelling their stock for. grass ana water. Sheep and cattle are now ns poor ns they can be; in fact, bones with a skin toi keep them together. This time I mean to tell you about Chinamen, not those In China, but Australia. Chinese are superior to an Englishman in respect to work—clearing scrub where another man would die; and working for the lowest wages, they "cut out" the white man, therefore they are not liked in a place. They are mostly clean and very orderly, also good workers on contract work, on wages they are laziest. They are good surve; telling within a perch of what they have done, 1 «vcr large the aroa. They eat cats and dogs, hut rice also,, and -are the best gardeners. Another cullarlty is-they are superstitious, and have a u Jiorrcr of ghosts, spirits, etc; thnt's ono of the rca they take home to China all their dead. When a 1 hoy ls born, and he is a gentleman's son they put on. a bracelet, color and cost according to rank, parts of Ajnerica they do the same, except the. badg a ring. Can I' ever win another prize for a letter, also any other competition? I liked the last "Stor a .Flower,''- very much, and must ask Princess S away-to.glve us an'other soon. I must now conclude else I'll .-hâve the Jester calling me a bore, so -< kind regards to all tho Court, and love to yourselj am your little friend, Gertrude Stapleton, "Bowerbird" (14 yean «Dame Durden: This is a' graceful little act . "Bowerbtrd." We had not thought of expecting to return the prize. Since you have done so, h ever, it certainly belongs to "Gipsy," whose let printed a weeli after'.yours,:-was ' an excellent t Therefore we have forwarded the stamps to her, v an'explanatiotí'as-to how the mistake occurred, send our thanks'to you for remedying the mistake, : are sure "Gipsy" does also. No; you cannot win other letter prize, but may win In any other com tit,|on.) V;',;-;--. ; ? ; ' ' . Mann-street, Gosford, N.S.T? : Dear Daniel Durden,-This ls the first letter I havew ten to "The Children's'Corner," but as you are v kind, and invite everyone under 18 to write to y I thought I would try, like all the other girls and bo whose letters I see printed in the "Corner." I tak< greac interest iii the "Town and Country Journal," £ read it every week as soon as it arrives here. Gosfi '.- is an extremely pretty .place, about fifty miles north Sydney, situated in a valley, and on the slopes of i hills which surround lt. There is a beautiful bay lu ;- called Brisbane Water, which is-an arm of Broken B¡ r Into Brisbane Water run two very pretty creeks, cai; Narrara Creek and -Erina Cr.eek. The former of 1 two is tha prettier, and Is also well know"n on accov , of its mention in the poems of the Australian pi Henry Kendall, and it is quite what he expresses lt . be. Kondall himself resided here for some time. Th< are plenty of fish to be caught in the bay during t fishing season, and we are favored with a fair numt sot visitors during the spring and summer monti , At a distance of about seven miles from Gosford .situated the Ocean Parade and Wamberal Lake,, a: a little further, on is a'place called Terrigal.' We' oft have riding parties out to Wamberal, and we enj ourselves very much, indeed. There is a forest nu Bery at Gosford, which contains trees from all par of the world. It is very pretty, especially when tl different trees are putting on their winter foliage. I mu conclude now, dear. Dame, as I fear my letter is ge ting rather too long. With kind regards to all t! Court, and love to yourself, .1 am your^ffectiona ... -friend ""* S ~" ' ?'?'?. "Strawberries ann Cream." (Dame Durden: Your writing is very clear anä got unä your description of Gosford very interesting. Whi jmember of the Corner can tell me just what Kenda says about Narrara Creek?) " ? Wat La, Rewa River, Fiji. Dear Dame Durden,-I was glad you thought m letter good enough to be printed. We live on th Eewa River, on a hill, opposite to the C.S.R. Com pany's mill. Close to the hill is a creek In which w bathe. It also serves as a kind of natural fence t keep the c'attle fronr the sugarcane. I suppose ye know all about the C.S.R. "Company's mill; so I won' \--attempt-to describe it. or rather I should not be abl to if I tried, it ls such a tremendous affair. Did voi ever see Bast Indians? The company have hundred! of them opposite as laborers, and there are a numbei of them on this side (time expired men), who emploj themselves in growing sugarcane, rice, bananas, anc other things for themselves. They are a very hare working abd industrious race, when it is for them selves, and work early and late on Sundays. - I don'l think any of them are Christians. Well, I expect you have had enough of ray letter.-Your little friend, . ._, ^ , _ ' -, ,' Jennie Mathews. (Dame Durden: But I know nothing about that great Sugar mill. Don^t you ..think you could manage to ?write me an interesting account of its workings? We have not had one yet.) ^ - '* " Capperrstreet. Gayndah. ^J*^, v>amG. Durden,-By to-night's mail I received thc fairy , tale book, and was very pleased;-to get If \- hut I.think you. have mane a mistake about my age. . You have sent me the. prize'for a child under 12. and -.you niust have- .forgotten that tay age is lo, although I .mentioned lt in two of my ?previous letters. If you think it best I will v : P** . ,t0S 'tIle. "hook; as I am only keeping it hack from some one-who should have received the V book, had you not forgotten nîy age. I couldn't write -îT,el >'ou,I{now before, as I was late in seeing the .Town and Countrj-..Journal."-I remain, yours truly, (Danie Durden: Yet another mJstake.^and^htP'no ones fault! Thc Blackboy says your five was so badly made.ho took it.for a thick one. And I suppose you will retort the Blackbon had better take to spec tacles. ,,;2so, kcep vthe book; your letters have béai j quite good enough to deserve one. And we will serra another one ourselves to Linda Jones (Daylesford. 2íí?,'* :Who cnme next unon the Hst and received special mention where it seems she should have had tuc prize.) . . Northam, W.A. Dear Dame Durden,- This is the first time I have written to you. I 'have been going to write for a long tiine, hut I keep putting It off. We live eight miles out of Northam. I have "four sisters and two brothers. I do not go to school, but my eldest sister teaches me and my two youngest sisters and brothel' at home. I have not got many pets, but I've a pet chicken. It lind a brpken leg, but it is better now. I call it Tot tle. I had a -magpie, but it died. My sister had a pct lamb last year, and she called it Rajah, it went with the'flock. arid wé do not see it now. She had two this year; they were- twins, their names were Bright eyes and Laddie, but Laddie died. Brighteyes went with the other sheep and brings them into the yard, but, they won't come near us. . My sister and myself have a little garden; we have some marigolds and sunflowers, a nice little peach tree, and some more flowers. ? We have a'fruit garden two miles away; we drive over to get fruit, and sometimes we all walk over, Hoping you will publish this letter. I will now finish. May I write again.-I am, your sincere friend, Katherine Inez Morgan (aged 13 years). ? (Dame Durden: Yes, write again. I am pleased to welcome another Northam contributor.) uranie. ' Dear Blackboy.-J> received the book, and I'like it ?. very-much; it was just the one I wanted. You must excuse me-lor not writing before this, but we have been getting ready for tho Cardinal. He arrived .this" ?nrtemrir-.il, and we had a very large procession. I will not trouble you with an account of the proceedings. Yours, .. _ . Bee M'Gee. \- King's'Bent. Beecroft. Dc-nr Dame Durden,-T was indeed very pleased to re ceive my prise, and I nm very grateful to you. I think 'The Days r>t Bruce" ls a very nice hook: I h av* Just commenced lt. nnd find it very interesting. With love to nil tho Court,-I remain, your loving contributor, Nita Sydney Rattray. 