DOROTHY'S JEWELS Or the Story cf a MYSTERIOUS MONOGRAM, Br MB3 G. SHELDON (Author of " Grazia'i Mis tale," &c;,) CHAPTER XXXVIII. BOEOTHT'a VINDICATION. " What did you mean by your referenee to a ohange in your prospects?" Bcrothy inquired a little later, after the lovers talked over their new happiness and tbe young lady had confessed how and when she had made the discovery that she loved him with a far deeper affection then that of a sister for a brother. The young man smiled mischievously. \- "I am almost afraid that you will regard me as a cruel usurper when I tell you," he replied. "What do you mean by that f'she inquired, looking perplexed. " What would you say if I should tell yon that I have found another will P" Archie questioned, while he searohed her face curiously. " Hove you, Archie P" Dorothy eagerly cried—"alater one?" « Yes." "Ohjiwfcaf diditsay!" ''It bequeathed to your humble servant theestate and a goodly amount of money w Ho w strange!—and bow glad I am I" " Bsally ! I believe you would not have cared if Uncle John hsd left me the whole of his property!" said Archie, regarding her with some surprise. (> WeIl, I do not think it would have materially affected my prospects," Dorothy roguishly returned, " not nearly eo much as the other arrangement seemed likely to do." " Teu cannot quite forgive me even yet, can you, dear, for refusing your noble gift?" said Archie, with tender reproach. " But just try to put yourself in my plaoe, and tell me if you think you would have aoted differently." "I—don't think I want to talk about it any more," Dorothy demurely replied. " Suppose you tell me something about whafe jroM have been doing during all these long weeks." Archie laughed ont lightly at her readU ness to ohange the subject, but he was far too happy to care to presB the matter, and so began >to give her an aooount of his fruitless search for her, his anxiety sad wretchedness over her flight which finally so affected his health that he decided to take a trip abroad. > Ifren he related how he had met Miss Fortesque in the hotel at Liverpool and the wonderful revelation which had been the outgrowth of his acquaintance with her. "Mow very strange! It is exceedingly romantic, Archie," Dorothy exclaimed whea he concluded his narrative. 44 And you say that hex name is Dorothy Fortesque," she added, reflectively. Yes, and the fact of her first name being tiie same as tours, struck me aa being "D. F." murmured the young girl, gazing thoughtfully off over the water. " Yes, those were the letters engraven on my locket, you know," said her lover. "Humph! I was thinking about my jewel?." said Dorothy gravely. "Tour jewelsP" exclaimed Archie astonished, "What can you mean, and what connection oan my grandmother's name have with anything in your posses- "I forgot that yon never knew anytiling about them," Dorothy returned. Then she told him all that she knew about ffiel»eautifuliie<Wa(»rdeioriWifgi6tohim and also the monogram on its clasp. " How very singular," said Archie, In a wondering tone, "and bow can you ao* eotant for the monogram on the claspbelng a duplicate of that on my locket." : "Ton know I never saw it butence, and that was when I was a Uttla girl, and long before mamma gave tbe necklace into my possessioa. There seems a strange fattlity attending those initials," mid Dorothy. " How so F' Dorothy^ lifted a troubled look to tat Companion s face, * I've balf a mind to m yon," she remarked, with some hesitation, "and yet I did not mean to just aft woeent." wbatf» ^ * te tell aw " ^ aemething dreadful, Archie." * Never ;nund, 1 you purely trust yourself to me," her lover ^Bh^ly " iponded. r < ~ "Oartatol oan. tout yon with every- Sftl' v ^ P 0 ™*** rising «ok», "but I hoped that I oould setiJe this nwfcter quietly, when I returned to the .hotel at Clwemont, and then you need worse to tell me than that wluch you bam already related?" Archie excitedly exclaimed. <* Huih 1 do not be alarmed," she quietly returned. «' Perhaps it ia better, affeer a^ that yon should know, and then yoa <m advise mo wh»tcot«% to pursue, although I«n sure that Mr Waidm&x; would have managed everything nicely tor me." She then proceeded to tell him about Mr van Stein's wedding*giffc to his bride~>of her astonishment upon beholding at Tiffany's a necklace exactly like the one ia ; how she had seen it again on the young wife's neck at the ball, and , f ^ iOX-"- cursiou, had bsen am«t«d iqm-$fa& -"cion of having stolen it. ^ o u a P Awsloe indignastiy n ^ S S ^ a dreadful experience," said Uoroti>^f with a heavy elghj "and «he jrst of it all ia that the examination is appointed for the day after to-morrow—in' the morning—and if I am sot time to answer for myself, Mc Waldmar, who assumed he*vy bonds fbx myappearancs, will be held responable." " Do not trouble about that part el it," said Archie, "for we oan easily reach Claremont by rail 3 bnt what distreeees me ie how you are going to answer for yourself at the forthcoming examination," he conslu^ed, looking deeply anxious. Oh, that -will be^ Hunple enough," Dor. othy smilingly anlwered, "for I ehall immediately produce Mrs Van Stein's neck* Iace«nd pendant—'' "DorothyI" cried Archie, inexpressibly shocked by her words, and regarding her as if he thought her temporarily insase. " Wait I—let me tell you," she interposed, with a little ripple of laughter that was like music in his ears; whereupon she proceeded to tell him how she had discovered the real thief, and, later, possessed herself of the jewels aid revolver just as the Campania had been about to pass the yacht Marion. " Well, my darling, yen have, indeed, bad a romantic experience I" Archie re* Marked, In a wondering tonei "but I remble when I think of the dingerg yoa iave eccountered." '•I cannot be too thankfal; end, oh, I am so glad to have found you, Archie," the fair girl returned, with a long S'gtt of cootent. " Wasn't it wonderful—when I needed you most—that: j< u ihmld have beenat handP I sever thought of break* Ing down until I oanght eig t ot yea? fgo^ hea yon ip»Bg foiraw ** " m v make everytbivg rit ht--something within me let go, end I knew nothing more until I awoke in the state-room below and found yea bending over me." ' *' My poor child! I wonder something did not * let go' long before," said the young man, in a voice of tender sympathy. " But I am afraid that talking it over will excite yon, ;and you'.jhavaibad e ._. ^vh to bear for one day," he concluded, as be anxiously soanned her face. " Oh, no; I do not mind it, now that it's all over, and I have you once more" Dorothy, responded. with a trostfol smile- " But it is storage how those mysterious D'B and E"E continually rise up to confront yon and me, like restless ghosts from out of the p»Bt. I wonder if tbis Miss Fortesqae, of whom you have told me, could explain this monogram, or if she can be in any way related to my mother/' she thonghtf ally concluded. "Where are those jewels, Dorothy, which you rescued from that wretch? ' Archie questioned, fa a lew tone. " Here in my pocket,''she whispered. " Does h&knowthatyoihsvathem; ?" " I do not know ; be mnet certainly won? der how I baoame possessed of the revolver •whiqh. lay underneath bis mattress* together with the necklace." "Possibly be did not recognise it; he may have thought that Mrs Allen provided you with it. At all eventB, whether he suspects it or sot, be cannot be in a very comfortable frame of mind at the preseat time ; for be must realise that the jewels will be founds eooner or later, ccnsequeatly the natural inference would be that he was the thief. Heshallbe handed over to the authorities the moment we get into port, and taken along with ns when we go to Claremxit for the examination." " Do you think it advisable lo ask Miss Fortesque ifBhe knows anything about the necklace t" Dorothy inquired. Archie thought a moment before replying. Hewas anxiosfl as Dorathy to have the mystery of that peculiar monogram explained ; but be knew that there would be ample opportunity for that later on, while, if the ornaments should proveto be connected with her past in any way* she might become as excited over them as she had previously over his locket, and he did not wish his party to become at all conspicuous again on board the Campania. "No, I do not believe it will be best, at least just at present," he finally remarked "I think the least said about them tbe better; until after you have restored the one now in your keeping to its owner. And when you have your own back again you can show it to her and ask if she possesses any knowledge regarding it," "I wish you would take charge of the precious things for me," said Dorothy, a look of anxiety flitting over her fair fece. " I .shall be in constant fear of loBing them Again." "1 do not wonder; they are a heavy" trust for any one," said her companion, with «searching glance around. "Certainly I will relieve you of the charge, only it will be safer for you to wait until we go below before giving them to me 5 it would not do to have anyoae know thatlhey are in tbe possession of either of us. Now rest," he added, in a lighter tone, and smiling fondly ujponher, while! go to find auntie. I will bring her to you, then I must look after her fcrapBand mine, for we are almost in port. Seel yonder is tbe status of 'Liberty" Giving tbe hand he was holding a lingering clasp,-be went inBearch of MisB Fortesque, wbom be met on the stairs, juafc coming up from her state-room, where she bad been putting her belongings in order fox landing. "Did you think I bad deserted you entirely P" he smilingly inquired. •'Noj I knew where you were," she responded, .with a twinkle in her black eyes as .she observed Ms radiant face. "I reckon it's all right now between you and jour other Borotfcy." ^ n Yes," said Archie, laughing outright at her way of putting it," and, I have a long e euStthaa b sw we have tune. I waajust coming to find you, in order to introduce yon to each other/before we leave,the steamer." He^avathe old lady his arm and conducted her to Dorothy. After making them acquainted, be left them together and went below to look after their baggage. An hoar later they were all comfortably settled for tbe night in a,convenient hotel down town, where, early the next morning, Dorothy could easily procure a suitable Outfit for travelling, and thus enable hereto return to Claremont without being disagreeably conspicuous; far she bad been abducted in a white fhnael outing suit, which had, of course, been ^somewhat roughly used, during hex varied experiences. , , • Archie, aa he had contemplated doing, had given Henry Carson into the bands of a policeman immediately after the arrival of the Campania, in port. He had also explained tbe circumstances of tbe robbery at Ciaiemont, in connection •Kith the charge of abduction, and begged that some one might be detailed to conduct the prisoner thither to compel his presence at the examination which was appointed for the following morning. THh 'rqu?pfe was, cf cooTae, grunted, and at a* coily an hour as possible the wh'ple party left New York for the fashionable watering-place, where so much excitement and interest prevailed in view of the pend ing examination and Mr Waldraar'e un comfortable predicament in connection with it. They would have arrived that evening but for a serious accident which occurred on the road. A freight train, which had _ them by an bout or more had been derailed andhad«o blooked the way that they found It impossible to go on for many hours, and thus they were obliged to remain over night at a small country Inn, Thi* unforeseen casualty caused Archie and Dorothy, considerable anxiety, especially as there was no ^telegraph office In the tce, and It' was not passible to wire Mr f aldmar that Dorothy would aot isil to make her appearance at court, although she might bsratherlatein doing so. By working diligently all night the read gang were .enabled to clear the tract, so that the passenger train could go on, and it waB "a great relief to the wearied and anxious travellers to be once mere on their way Upon their arrival at Olaremont, Miss Fortesque, who was almost ill from her aleepleBB rdght^naoomfortlesSbed, decided to go directly to the hotel, while Arohie and Dorothy, followed by the officer and bis prisoner, together with Sarah Ann Allen and her husband, who had been brought on aa witnesses—turned their steps towards the local .court-house. We know bow they reached the court* house just as Dorothy's oonnsel had risen to make the humiliating confession that his client had mjsteriouslydimppeared, and the most diligent search bad failed to discover her whereabouts, flow they were received with almost deafening applausej how the > beautiful gtoljprent forward to tbe,witness stand, where she composedly submitted to a critical examination, and finally, to the amazement *! the multitude, produced Mrs in proof jof the ^stiincaiy which she had the caur^HWni, arose, wlth^ irUle Heygf # Dorothy's ^unsel He bad been in a terrible state of mind on scoount of them ever since his arrest. Ha had not, 1 as Archie had suggested to Dorothy, recognised bis revolver in her hands, and had not been able to aocount for her having had it, except upon the supposition that the stewardess might have pro* vlded her with it { therefore he imagined the precious neoklaoe to be still concealed beneath the mattress in his berth on board the Marion. He had hoped to be able to communicate, In some way, with a "pal," to get him to «te»l aboard the yacht and secure the jewels ; and then, in case he could manage to escape, he would still have a fortune in bis possession to make life a pleasure in some foreign country; but their unexpected appearance in the court-room blighted this hope and told him thathe had been most skilfully outwitted by a very clever girl, , " Here, yonr honor, are the proofs of which Mist Wellington has spoken," the lawyer anubunoed, with as much apparent calmsess and unoonoern asif be had known all along and had even planned fehisremarkable denouement, instead of being as much amazed as any one, by the startling developments of the morning. Another ringing cheer went eohoing: through the oourt-roomafc this revelation. Mrs Van Stein arose to her feet with a cry of joy and leaned eagerly forward to assure herself that the glittering stones were really hers; while her 7 husband also manifested no little excitement. Bat his honor's gavel cams down apon bis deBk "with' a thundering rap,' and when something ef order was restored, the jewels were passed up for his examination, after which they were also submitted to Mr and Mrs Van Stein and the olerk from Tiffany's for identification. When this had been established beyond a donbt, Dorothy was called upon to relate hew she had happened to ceme in possession of them, and the moat intenae interest prevailed while she was telling her thrilling story. Her narrative, Up to the point of her resoue by tkecaptain of the Catapania, was corroborated in every particular by Mrs Allen, while Archie also vouched lor tbe correctness of her statements regarding the txagic sceue upon the deck of the yacht, and her transfer to the steamer. When the long szamlnation was ever, Dorothy's oonnsel briefly summed up the evidence in hex favor, which, he claimed, was too conclusive to call for any remarks, except for form's sake, and oloBed bysayiDg that 'Misjs Wellington, Instead of being gnilty of the crime of which she had been »ooaBed, had provod herself a beroine In her efforts to recover and protect the stolen, jewels, and was therefore entitled not only to the gratitude of the owners and the admiration of every one, bnt also to tbe very Hbersl reward wMoh bad been offered for the restoration ^sf the oostly stones. Hs sat down amid enthusiastic applause j and as the opposing counsel had noihing to offer in response/the oharge against Dorothy was promptly dismissed.. Then tbe court was immediately ad journed until his honor' could decide what aotlon to take with reference to the real oriminal, who was at once ordered te the connty gaol te await his trial, It may as well ba stated here thafc he was oonviotsd on both oharges—abduotlon and theft—and sentenced to fifteen' years at: hard labor1n the^ta^e prison at Sing Sing. CHAPTER XXXIX. TWO S0BPBISESPOKTHE FORTBSfUES, Immediately after her vindication' and dismissal, Dorothy repaired with her frienda to the hotel, whereahe was warmly received by Madame Waldmar, and where also she 4ft onoe found herself Extremely popular witbthemsjorlfcyof the gassts, Mr uid Mrs Yan Stein oould net do nough to show their gratitnde to her, and xpressed their deep regret fer having so njustly thrown - suspleion npon iter, arothy acoepted their acknowledgments in be sweetest^ spirit imaginable; but. when hey mentioned the subject of "reward "So er, she thanked them with a quiet dignity, ll her owa, remarking that sue could not; coept anything for what she had done; able to prove her innocence of any wrong efore' the world, and also in the pleasure he had exparlenoed in restoring a gift hich was at once sacred and oeBtly. As may be imagined,;this olxcumBtauoe only: served to inoreasiher popularity, while Mr and Mrs'Yan s Stein mutually agreed that a mow substantial reward &hould; come later. Mrs FoxteBque and her daughter, who i had both been present in court, were exceedingly mortified over the , unexpected turn of affairs, especially as it was already rumored that Dorothy was "engaged to' that splendid fellow who accompanied her," and also that she was heiress to a large fortune, which, from a sense of overscrupulousness, she had renounced, and then left her luxurious home to earn her own living. It was understood now, however—so strangely do siioh secrets leak out and so rapidly do they travel—that all complications had been happily adjusted, and that she wonld henceforth resume her proper position in life. Consequently, it is not surprising that the FortesqneB were deeply * ch»grittsd ov«r their treatcMiifi of Dorothy, and left the court-house in no enviable frame of mind. Two great surprises awaited them on<thelr return to the hotel, ©ne "came in the form of the unexpected arrival of Miss Doxetby Fortesque, whom no ens had ever .expected tosesjipon this side of the ocean again, since Bhe had been; solidted, times without number, to osme and make her home with them, and had as often refused to do so. , A heavy damper was, however, thrown upon theardoroftheirwelcomewhenshe confided to the family the romance of her life, and announced that in Archibald Wellington—Derothy'sbetrothed—sbehaddisoovered a grandson. Mrs Fortesque tried to say what was right and proper iipon receiving this startling communication, but there was no heart in her aBt phrases, and her blank, pais fact and clouded eyes plainly betrayed her fear tint the old lady'a bandBome young relative would be likely to supplant, her own ohildren in the affections (?) and usurp the fortune whioh she had fondly hoped would be theirs at her. death. Her ftDKwfeyjwsm fally shared by hsr haughty daughter, who bad -often morUfied her pride to. fawn and wait upon her stepfather's aunt, with the sole obj ect of securing; a nioe slice of her fortans later on. " I think it is jast horrid," she remarked, with an angry frown addressing her mother^ when, afser telling her story, Miss Fortes-: que bad retired to her room for her after. Jioon nap. "I almost wish that the 'old porouplne' had never taken it into her bead to come back to America. Tbis young upstart will be likely to get a good share Of her money, if not the whole of it; while what upsets me more than anything else Is tbe faat that that girl, who hw mad? •herself so, obnoxious to ns, is going to reap the. benefit of it through her marriage with 1dm." "It is rather a humiliating thought, I confess," Mrs Fortesque returned, in a troubled tone, *' but we must make everything jost as Agreeable as possible for Aunt Dorothy while she remains -syith us. She would not, of course, wholly ignore yonr father in her will, and whatever he gets will eventually go to yon children. "That is rather a long look ahead," unfeelingly retorted Miss Standish, with a very discontented expression on her young iaee. " I was sure tl»t I was a favorite and wonld get the lion's share of the old thing's money. Who weald ever have dreamed tan omkNU'* " I do not think you are very respectful, Sadie, In yonr remarks regarding either my husband or Us aunt," said her mother, in a tone of displeasure; " but whether she leaves you anything or not, there is your lather's brother, who Will be sure to remembor you handsomely." . " Yea, I believe I have played my sards oleverly in that quarter," the girl replied, %ith a gleam of triumph in her fine blaok eyes, *'and I am confident that I shall pluck a nice fat plum from him, I don't believe, from all acconnts> that be is geigg to IlVe very long,, either," she concluded, with ah air of eatlsfaotlon whioh would doubtless have been aomething «f a shock: to the indivldaal referred to if he oould bave seen it and overheard the remark accompanying it. Mrs Fortesqne was dismayed , by this : evidence of heartlessneBS, and was npon the point Of reproving her sharply for ife, when there oame aknookuponthedoor. Miss Standish arose to open it, when she uttered a cry ef astonishment as she saw three men standing without waiting to be: admitted. "Ted!" she exolaimed, witk uplifted hands, and the next moment her bands vrexe round bis neck and her lips pressed to bis, for she dea»ly loved this elder brother—at least as well as her supremely selfish nature was capable of loving. " And papa| too !' die added, .shaking hands With Mr Fortesque, after winch she gave* another dry cf delight as she sprang to. greet tbe third gsntlema^ " Uncle Wayne 1 oh l I never onoe dreamed of anything so delightfull»sfieelng you I" she exolaimed, " I did not suppose; you were able to travel so far! What has brought yon all se unexpectedly ? This is the second great surprise we have had today and a most oharmtag one, too*" Mrs Fortescme weloomed the new-oomers no less cordially, and then thera lollowed a pleasant Interview, during whlch the unexpected return of the travellers, together with the long absent brother and unole, was explained. Mr Wayne For&eaque; was found to be very ill when Mr Albert Fortesque and his step-son arrived in Los Angeles; bnt upon giving up all oare of bis perplexing business: into the hands of bis brother, who soon snooeeded in bringing out ef chaos and lettling everything in the most satisfactory maimer, the invalid, thus relieved from all anxiety, began to rally almost immediately, and, by the time his pecuniary difficulties were settled, he was so much improved that his physician advised change of soene. Accordingly he at onoe determined to return to the Hfest with the intention of remaining - indefinitely if: the cllmate should prove beneficial to 1dm. He bad bean in the habit, once a year, of visiting the family, by whom he was always received with open arms and made to feel so welcome that be never failed to enjoy his sojourn with them immensely, beoeming very fond-of bis brother's Btep-ohildren— especially se of Sadie, who boversd about him continually and made herself very charming to him. * * • -# # # While Mrs Fortesque and her daughter were discussing Aunt Dorothy Fortesque's unexpected return from abroad together with the romance of her life, Archie and bis lovely fianceewere down nnder the bluff, among the rocks, having, a quiet chat by themselves.. , " The court-session, hfti been so long that l the lunch hour was past when they arrived at tbe hotel. , ; • s Miss F5rtesqoe had had hers, and was olofaetedwith her nephew's wife anddaughter; so after partakins of a light meal, the lovers had spent a littlellme with-Madame Waldmar, talking ever the thrilling events that: had occurred to Dorothy durlng her absence, alter wbltfo they gtartcdout fyr their afcrolk Dorothy w^b very weary after the iatense excitement and anxiety of the last week, and Arohie tried "tio persuade her to go to her room and rest. Bat she told him that she could never sleep during the day, and that a quiet talk with him, In some spot where they could look over the ocean Jand inhale the strong, salt air, would iefeeEh hor more than any- fhus .they, spent a couple ef bouts very happily together, and returned to the hotel in season to give Dorothy ample time to dress for dinner. dost as they entered the 'house, they encountered tbe Forteiqae$arty* who, bats few minutes previous, had arrived from the West. Dorothy lushed rosily as she caught Mr Ted Starfish's start and glance of surprise upon beholding her companion; but she politely acknowledged his salstatlon, then, turned to cordially greBt Mr Fortesqne, who secretly amused her by looking Archie over with a most orltioal eye. "'Are Mrs Fortesque and the children well?" inquired that gentleman; all anconscious that his pretty^ amanuensis was no longer in his employ, for Ids wife had thonftbt best, forvarious reasons, te reserve all explanations regarding the' matter until his return. " Yes, sir; 1 think se," Dorothy quietly responded, bnt, surprised at Ids question,: for she supposed be already knew of tbe s chacgs which i>«d made. He appeared to be a trifle confuBsd by her reply, which he thought very iudefinlte j bht as she passed on without giving him an opportunity to question her further, he turhad to lefsd the way upataire to the rooms occupied by his family, his brother and Ted following, the latter with a very gloomy face. ' " Who was that young lady!" Mr Wayne Forteaqne Inquired, -when they reached the upper landing. "Her name is Wellington j the young lady ef whom you have heard me speak— my amanuensis/' Mr Albert Fortesque 1 returned, all nnoonsoions of bis mistake, " That girl your amanuensis 1" exclaimed Ids brother, In surprise, " X imagined her tobe some distingulskedguestoHhe house. She is very beautiful." '•She-is, indeed, mtd very talented also. I wonder who that young man was, Ted, 1 ' —turning to his Btep-son—" did you know that chap who was with Miss-Wellington!" "No, sir," briefly answered the disappointed lover, who, nevertheless/ felt very sure that the " ohap " oould be no other than the Object of that jeSectlon to which Dorothy bad isonfesaed on the day when she had rejected bis atufC " Have you xjver particularly: observed Miss Wellingtou's eyes and the shape of her brow, Albert!" queried Mr Wayne Fortesqaa, with a thoughtful air. The gentleman addressed gave a violent start; at the question, and a peculiar expression sweps over his face, whioh had become very pale, before he answered, "Yes," he finally returned, in an indifferent tone, ** she has very lovely eyes and a well-shaped head; she's a fine girl in every respect. 3 ' They had now reached ths deor of their private purler,; and, knowing that their return would be a complete surprise, Ted insisted upon knocking, instead of entering unannounced, and, as we know, his sum' rnons was answered by his sister. Meanwhile, Dorothy bad taken leave ef Arohie and proceeded directly to her own room, where, after a little rest, she had a refreshing bath, and dressed herself with unusual oare for dinner; then joining Madame Waldmar, they went down togc titer and found Mr Waldmar and Archie writing to conduct them te the dining' room, Their seats were at a table just opposite the one occupied by the Fortesques, and several times during the meal, Dorothy; up, discovered the eyes of both Mr her with an intentness of expression which : both surprised aud embarrassed her, "I suppose Mrs 'Fortesque and Miss Standish have been giving tbem their version «£ the incidents which led to my dismissal; or rather reBignatlon." she Baid to herself 'with ; some bitterness, as she recalled their injustice j whereupon she assumed a little added dlgnifcy and tried to Ignore their observation. But although she did net glance that way again during the meal, she could still seem to 3Eeel> from time to time, that their eyes were npon her. > After dinner was over; Aunt Fortesque sought her and Arohie as fchaywere slowly promenading; the verandah together. "I've hardly seen yon two to-day," she remaned, m she laid her hand upon the young man's arm and looking fondly into his faoe. *' I suppose you wen't, either of yoa, lliank me tor Interrupting yon," she 'added, with a twinkle in her eyes; " but I reckon you can spare me half an hour or so of your time. I want* to hear about that trial this morning ; so come to my room, both of you, and tell me about it." _ ? " I tried to fiud you as soon as we were through luucb/' Archle remstked, " but you were not'in your room; and so, supposing you were with your friends, I did not like to intrude open you," "Well, I'm at liberty now, and fnll of ctirioBity, too. I've caught a little gosBip here and there that baa served to stir me all up, and I want to Vabw the truth," Miss ForteBquereturned,atishyabrup4Iywheeled about aqd led the way to her roem. ; When her guests weire seated and the deor closed, she oontlnued, glancing at Archie: " What le al! this talk about tbe stealing of jewels, connected with Miss Wellington's name? Was that what yon had to go to court about! I supposed It was to testify against that miserable rasoal who abducted ier." : - " res," Archie answered, "the suit was about the jewels. I did not tell you about it for several reasons, the moat important of which was that Dorothy was extremely sensitive about the matter, and did not wish to talk of it until her vindication was complete, Besides, having tbe valuable stones in our possession, we agreed that it wonld be safest* to say nothing about them to any one." " Well, now that the matter is settled, tell me about it/' Miss Fortesque commanded, white she appaarei rather more excited over it than the occasion required, they thought, since the affair had been so happUy disposed of. Archie briefly related the story connected with Dorothy's necklace, and the womanlistenei inunbroken eilencauntil he mentioned and described the clasp, with: the monogram, exactly like the one upon his locket, when she started wildly to her feet, exokiming— " Where is the necklace ?" "lia'the hotel safe, 1 ' Archie responded, but regarding the trembling woman with surprise. " I did not think it would be wise tor Dorothy to retain it In her possession after it was xetumedto her upon the adjournment of the court." «'$o get it 1—bring It here!" the woman ordered, with white Spa. Both Arohie and Dorothy contemplated her with increasing amazemeht, while each recalled the question which the. latter had asked her lover on board the' Campania— " If be thongbt it pOBsible that JFortesque could be related in any way to her motherf" - * . , i f ?jDo you knojr anything about 1 auch a necklace as rha^ deHcribed, auatle ?" the young man questioned, as he arose to do heri bidding. , Dsn't ask ma uow. Oo bring itj I w&nttosee; it," sb^ faltered in anincoberent WiBx a very grave faoe trnl a feeling of foreboding. in his besrty Arcblevteft the reobi and oastened below, wbile Dorothy sat ^tiU atid watched, with rapidly baating P^bsb, ber companion, wbo, apparently oblivions of, her presence, Impatiently; paced the floor, muttering unintelligibly to hweli!.. '. * • " Archie was not gone longhe was too eager to have the mystery explained to linger about hja ^rrand- - ,. , 1 "Can it be possible,' he - murmured, " that she knows anyfchis^ about one or both of these mysfeerioKS • necklaces f—that the tMcrefc of Dorothy's birth is about to be revealed? If so/how is it going to affect out relations with each ether t I also begin to feel aa if tbere iaust ba a strange fatality about those D s and F'a, and I am almoafc a£r«iito'Iearnthe truth," He obtained the neoklaoe from the clerk, and hastened back to Miss Fcrtesqw zoom with it. She sprang toward him, more like & child than- a woman of seventy, as he entered the room. " Let me have it—quick !" she cried, snatching the ebony box almost rudely from him. Hex |aoe was, ghastly, her aged fingers trembling like leaves, as she touched tiie spring and threw back tha lid. « Aha r she, cried, ia a tone of exultation, that' made the hearts of both her listeners leap within them with mingled fcotn and ff«E. Ss&tching; the cpBtly stones-from their velvet-bed, she bent to examine the clasp, muttering as Bbedidso— ' 4 " " It is 1—$ Hs 1 .*' " Then, reversing the clasp, she oarefaliy gerutimsed the underside of' it. " Ah, no 1" she cried, in a voice of pais and disappointment, "It-ismarked with an anchor—it is not the one I thought." (To ba Contiwuei): The margin of safety is naturally er txemely generous in elevators, and there are various forms of safety clutches, many of them automatic in their action but the experience of New Tork goes to show that aojip of these can be a full .substitute for the air cushion in the pit. The action of this device in ensuring safety is almost Tragical. In some experiments with suoh as elevator- well in a temons and altitndinous store the oar was t«%a# ihe lt tep of the building and allow^d to Ml with the break off. An eye-witness of the experiment says :—"It fell to/the top of the pit with tremendous force, and struck the cushion of air with a ssuad as if it had struck soft earth; it seemed'to fitop sud denly atthe top of the pit and then slowly settled down to tbe bottom. It was clear that the pit was tao small at the top; that the slope of the sides was too slight; that if the escape of air had been freer at the impact, tbe stopping' would bave been sensibly gradual. The stop was really gradual, aa was ehown by tbe fact that a hsJf-dozgn eggs in a paper bag $hat L had put on "the elevator-floor for .the trial) eurrived the fall without injury. " Equal to .Gollins-sfcrset sad at half the price,' 7 remarked a well-known public man in reply to his friend's criticism regarding his handsome suit of clothes. O'Coxitok's Suits are greatly In demand, as instanced by the fact that from all pattsof Melbourne and suburbs patrons are constantly coming to P. J. O'Oohkos, Merchant Tailor, next BiehsaondTown HalL M ss Soppet desires to notify her blends and the public that she has opened olasses for instruction in drawing and pal&tlng; at her residence, Swan- street, and hopes by thorough and conscientious tuition to merit the support of all who may favor her with their : patronage. Landscape, Marine, and Flowar Painting, artlstloembellishments on silk, satin, znirrera or panels. Terms, £2 2s per quarter in advance. One lessen of two hours duration weekly, quarter dating from first lesson. Specimens of work.on vicw In \- The Angler's Return.—He bad been ont for a day's fufiing, and as be proudly dm* played - tbe. contents of his. basket to his wife, she exclaimed—" Qa, John, aren't tbey beautieB ] But I've hsen so anxious tm tbe isat bour, desr." " Fooi^b.little onol"said John, oiressingly ; 114 why, what could hava happened to me " Oh, I didn't worry about you, love; but it grew so late J. was afraid that before you got back to; town thc~fish shops wonld all be closad." He Had Thought of It.—Old Mau—" If I give my daughter to you. young man, where will you take her Young Man— M Well—er—I thot^ht perhaps wo might stay here with you nntll lean gefcthSngs straightened ont a bit." Old Man—" Wto. —yes 1 X had quite over-looked that easy solutloa of the difficulty. But my hoase is very small." Young Man—" Ye-s, I thought; of that too j but the idea ecourred te me that possibly tbe house oould be enlarged." 