CONSECRATION OF S. ANDREW'S CHUIICH, MULWAU. Tiiis event— anxiously proparcd for and lodkod forward to— was carried out Willi full . details of ' .ceremonial according to tlio iisazc of tlfc Churcli of Ennlnnd. on Sunday, December 5th. Punctually at eleven o'clock, the building being pericctly filled with' worshippers, , the Lord Bishop, preceded- by '.neighbouring clorgy, tlio vicar dating as chaplain and carrying' the pastoral stall', arrived at tlio inain entrance, the snntli porch, wli'erq tlio acting 'church-wardens mot him and presented a petition for tlio consecration. Tlio.peHlioii wub as follows :— To tlie Right liov. Father in God— Dr.. Aiidorson— by. Divine Permission, Lord/ \- ' . Bishop of Kivoriim. . Right Roveioiul Sir, — ' 'Wo, tho undersigned,! being tho vicar, anil-- building - committoo (acting nlmrch-wnrilens) for the Church of Eng land, Mulwnln, having by tlio grace of . Gqd boon onal.led to Greet, complete, furnish and pay for a suitable edifice to lie Used'- as a Church — humbly petition that in your cnpacity as Chiof Pastor of this Diocoso of Kiverina, you will prococd to consecrato and sot apart tho said building to tho public worship of Almighty God, according to the established doctrine nnd laudable practice of tho Churcli of England contained aud sat fortli in the , Hook of Common Prayor, and that it may bo known honcoforth by tho Btylo nnd tillo of 8. Andrew's Churcli, Mulwaln. ".'Wo lidvo tlio honor to ho, . 1 ' Your, obodiont servants, War. G'lauki: Hose, Vicar; ir.T. Win-rev ) Acting , , Ai,ex. SnoANK Church- .' AnTiuiii Campi, in 3 . wardens, Mulwaln, Decouiber litli, 1807. Tli'o Bishop received it and ordered it to horoail in tlio licnring of tlio assembled people— all standing. Tliia having been done by Mr. Alex. Slonue, his Lordship signified Ids willingness. to comply with llie forms of the petition, and the procession then marched slowly .up tlio navo and tho lower portion of the chancel,: reciting tlio 21 th psalm. Then, having ontcrcd within tlio rails/' tlio Bishop demanded Ilia- deeds of "'the Ojmrcli, which lie offered . nnd laid with tlio petition upon tlio holy tabic. Certain vorsiclcs having been alternately ropoatcd, tho Bishop gave a brief address upon Itlio antiquity under both tlio law . and the. gOspel of eroding. bouses for tho worship of God and .separating them from all prblano nnd common uses, anil ho ex horted .tlio congregation to join in earnestly, bogging tlio' blessing of God on tho uudortakuig. . A series ot short but beautiful, prayers wcro tlion offered, re- foi'i'ing.in tlio first .place to tho buihling as a whole and to' the ordinary worship pers, and subsequently 1 to those who should bo baptised, tlioso to he confirmed, for communicants, those who should be married;, those who should como to hear nnd lie taught the lioly word, nnd for all who should mnko humble confession. Then, nil standing, tho official sentonce of' consecration 'was read by tlie acting registrar/ signed by tho Bishop, . anu ordered by him to lio duly recorded, together with the petition awl deed in the Diocesan Rogislry. Tlio Bishop -'then said : ." I declare this Olmrcli of S. Apijiw to he now consecrated and set apart to God for over, in tlio namo of the Fatijor, aiid of tlio Son, and of tlio Holy, Ghost, —Amen."' , Tlieiifollowodsliprtonod morning- prayer with special proper psalms and lessons — epistle nud gospel. . ' The Bishop then delivered nil eloquent sermon, taking for his text, 1st Ohronielcs 22ml 'clmn,' 6th verse— " Tlie house that is to lie; bnildcd for tlie Lord must be exceeding iiiagnifical, of fame and glory throughout all countries." He oxplaineil tho reason why David wbb not pormittcil to build' tho temple,- though ho had.it in liiR' heart ' to do/so, but -ho inado all necessary preparation,' and that on the most magnificent anil lavish scnlc. Noth ing was cstcemod too. good for such a purpose. It was the snino feeling .which liad animated thoso who in later days Imd erected thoso beautiful fanes and. cath edrals in Britain and on tho continent of Europe, and which he rejoiced to say was lint entirely absent oven in tlio colonics— tlio fooling that tiiero was no higltor pur pose to. which tho rieli of his nbunifnnco and tlio poor of his poverty could con tribute than in building suitable temples to tlio worship of Almighty God. It .had boon well and truly said thai God did not dwell' in such material buildings, and Solomon recognised this, anil yet Ho imd promised to bo uhvay in tlie midst, whore two ol-'thrco were met together in His namo.' Then'tlioro must bo anothorkind, a spiritual temple, where ho (lid dwell— "In whom' yc also are' bnildcd togethor a . spiritual . temple— a habitation of God through "tlio spirit." Tims ovcry Oluu-ch or material temple pro-supposed a spirit ual body o£ worshippers, —and each 'should lie. ill itB own Svay exceeding Iiiagnifical," the .first ns grandly or ns chastely beauti ful as ' tlio' circiiniBtancos of tlie ease per mitted; tlie second, its pure and holy and adorned with - Christian graces as it was possible to tho human heart to attain to. His ''Lordship spoke for about -45 minutes, during which lie passed a high ciicnniliuii lipdii the church which ho just eoiisccratod- both ns to its beauty and suitability/ami lie dosed- with an earnest oxhorlntioii to the congregation always to como to tlie public worship with lienrls prophictl for tlio reception of tlio grant king. . v. Tiiero was a .celebration of Holy Com munion ' Tlio choir was greatly assisted by friends from Yarrnwongn, and Miss Ella Host! presided at tlio organ. Rev. Mr. Swan rend one lesson nnd tlio epistle, and tlio Rev. H. Bradshaw; of Berrigan, was expected, lint did not' arrive. Tim Rivnn.'— Tho rivor was 2ft, 6in. aliovo isiimmerdovol yesterday und sta- . tioimr.y.u ;;'... i 