General News* Judge Gaunt has decided that shire councils have a farst charge upon lands where there is a wire netting charge due upon the security of such lands. It appears that the Government require a guarantee of £2500, to meet all charges for land on the route, before they will proceed with the construction of the Wangaratta to Whitfield line. A return by the Minister of Agri culture shows the estimated lesses of stock in New South Wales sinee 1st January as under : — Horses, 15,506 ; cattle, 72,939 ; sheep, 4,926,72], and lambs, 3,658,412. A Bendigo correspondent reports that when the condemned man Hall was informed that he was to be hanged he hardly noticed the intima- ' tion, and after reading for- a short time went to bed quietly and enjoyed a sound sleep. What a charming prospeafc! Mr Tyson, of Heyfield, has given orders that not a single ballock is te be Bold off his estate at present, as he is con fident that values will rise to such an extent that he will get £20 fer head all ronnd. As he has 2000 head, this will mean a nice little fortune if his anticipations are realised. The adjourned inquest on the body of Margaret Beames was concluded at the City Morgue last Friday. ' Pro fessor' Davis, the cancer specialist, and Dr 6. W. Spark were found guilty of manslaughter, and com mitted for trial. Three thousand years ago the Chinese were as civilised as they are to-day. They then had a compulsory system ®f education. Every hoy at that far distant age was compelled to attend an elementary school as soon as he arrived at the age of eight years. At fifteen he is advanced to a high school. This system was in vogue to-day, and it was a rare thing to meet with a Chinese who could not read and write his own language. Encouraged by the success met with in boring below Myrtleford, shareholders in the association formed to test the ground have taken steps to secure large areas of the river flats, as well as the tributary creeks in the neighborhood, and it is estimated that fully 20 miles of country has been pegged out during last month. Last week the representative of a wealthy West Australian syndicate pegged out several miles of country along the Ovens River from Eurobin to Boggy Creek, including the holdings of Messrs Gordon, Walkear, Mul- holland, Smith, Murray, Greer and Sullivan. Gonsequemt upon the re-subdivision of the Shire of Toworig,. by which means a fourth riding has been created, the whole of the nine coun cillors will presently retire, with a view to an extraordinary general election being held for the return of twelve councillors — three ' for each riding — to represent the-- Shire as recently constituted anew. The Council will meet as usual on Tues day, 7 th September, when the recently elected members will com plete their election by making the prescribed declaration. Only ordin ary business will be transacted, including the passing of accounts. The election of President will not be proceeded with, that being one of the first dnties of the newly-Constituted Council. After the .transaction of ordinary business, which will include the appointment of returning officers to conduct the extraordinary . general election, the ' nine wise men ' will yield np the corporate ghost , The committee of the Victorian Alliance has requested all temperance organisations throughout the colony to join in forward movement on behalf of abstinence and pro hibitft-n during the present year, which it jtbp Jnbilee yearof theBand OfHope move ment in Englaod. and the diamond iiibiie* «fith« tetaperaifcjB raoveraeut in VictoHa — Tfe&J;»fei*hce organisation* have been re to arrange for at^icast one public meetings during - ®ejpten»berj- -Jtof^ii light proeessions with bands being recom mended. 