THE CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. [ALL RIGHTS RESIRVED.] BOOK IV.-THE CRIMINAL. (The Author tells the Tale.) CHAPTER XXXVII.-Continued. Miss 'Jardine was short and slight. Although she was not handsome, she certainly . was not bad-loolking. Her appearance, her bearing, her :move ments suggested buoyancy, activity, health. Her eyes were her most ch.arac teristic possession. They affected diffe rent peoDle in different ways. They were blue eyes. Their chief peculiarity was that they were light-some people said unnaturally light. But, as also they were beautiful eyes, that saying may be set down to malice. Somehow one felt as one looled at Miss Jardine that she would never cry. She held out her hand to "Mr. Town send. "Reggie!" Mr. Townsend made no attempt to touch the outstretched hands. He merely b'owed. "Miss Jardine'!" Miss Jardine was not at all dis concerted. She laugfhea. "So it's that way!" She assumed an air of mock dignity, which became her very well. "Mr. Townsend, may I offer you a chair?" "With your permnission I will stand." Mr. Townsend spoke with an air of decorous propriety which approached the severe. The lady did not fall into his mood at all. She looked up at him with her sunny eyes. "Stand! Why stand?" Mr. T:ownsend returned the young lady's smiling glance, 'without evincing any inclination to smile in return. "You have sent for mie. I have come." Goling to the 'fireplace, Miss Jardine stood with one foot upon the heartih. Her hands were behind her back. Her face was inclined a ,ittle upwards. She reminded one somehcow of a bird-a resemblance which owed something, perhaps, to the brigthtness of her eyes. "I have one or two questions which I wish to ask you. You must answer them. First, do you 1-ovo me?" "You munt forgive my suggesting that that is scarcely thi, first question which you should ask me. The man in the street may love you. It does not follcow that he is worthy." "But if I love him?" Mr. Townsend made a slight -move ment with his hands. He was standing in what, to the average Englishman, is a rather trying position-in the centre of the room, away from any article of furndture, with his anms hanging loosely at his sides; and yet he looked well. "He may love you. You may love him; And yet any connection with him may bring you, at the best, un happiness." "You have not answered my question. Do yout love me?" "You know that I do." "As you say, I know that you do. You know also that I love you. My second question, Are you married?" "I am not." "Then why should you not marry me? Stay! Let me explain my posi tion." His eyes became, if anything, brighter. Something came over her which made one forget how physically small she was. One realised that the girl, like the man she was addressing, had a magnetic personality of her own. "I am, in a measure, Reggie-I am going to call you Reggle--what it is the fashion to call a pessimist. It is my father's dower. I am afraid that, in a sense, from the men of my acquaintance, I arlways expect the worst. .I believe most of them do, in their youlth, many things which they, ought not to do-and.-for which, in their age, they are sorry. I take this for granted. And I believe that, in spite of this being so, some of them make golod 'husbands and good fathers. I think it possible that your tempta ttons have been greater than is the case with the average man, and that, therefore, your misdosings have been more. But I am convinced that, as re gards real strength, you are stronger than the average man; and that you can, if you like, put these things behind you for ever-and, on the stepping stones of your dead self, rise to higher things. And I believe that you will like, because you love moe-and because, also, I love you." "Unfortunately, Miss J.rardine-" She made an imperious gesture with her hand. "Call me Dora. Witih you, now, it shall not be Miss Jardine." "Unfortunatgely"-there was an al most imr.Irceptible pause, and then came very softly the Christian name "Dora, there are things which, w'.?en they are once done, we cannot 'Tut away. They moat us at Philippi." "If in your life thwere are such ghosts, why did you ask me to marry you?" "I ought not to have done. When I did I hoped that I should be able to lay the ghosts, and that for me there would be no Phimippi." "But is there no hope now?" He seemed to hes'itate. She went on with, in her voice, a sudden tremor. "Con sider! Think well before you speak! Reggie, I wonder if you know how muc.. the spoiling of your life will mean the spoiling of mine?" Her voice, or her manner, or her words--or all these combined-affected Mr. Towvnsend strangely. There seemed to be some..ing in her glance which he found himself unable to en counter. He turned away. Going to him, she touched him softly on the arm. A shudder went. all over him. The muscles of his face seemed to stiffen; his expression became a little set. His voice also became, as it were, a little rigid. "There may be hope." "There may be? Reggie!" She paused- as if breathless. "Of laying the ghosts-for ever?" "For ever." She was still again. Her articula -on seemed to be actually impeded. "When will you know-for sure?" "'This afternoon, at five." "Reggie!" His words seemed to take. her by surprise. "Do you mean it really?" "I do." He turned and looked at her. Their glances met. She shrank away from him. The hot blood flowed into her cheeks. Her emotion was so great, it made her beautiful. His name came from her lips, with a catching of her breath; and in a whisper. She was visibly trembling. R eggie!" (To be continued in our nesxt.) Sovereigns were first issued about 1489,when they were worth the twenty foith part 11b of gold. In 1542 they were worth 30s apiece. They have varied a good deal. In 1550 they were worth 24s. In 1u52, 30s; 1815 they came down to 20s., the, value of which 'they have since remained. 