A SIDESI MIB.A.OLE. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER. The Interesting Case or Mii. Thomas Jarvip, WHO SAYS THAT A FEW 'WEEKS AGO HE WAS Crippled— Partially Paralyzed, SWYeking t'rom locojiotor ataxia, and helpless. Doct'ors, Hospital Authorities, and every ONE SAID HE MUST DlE, AS HIS CASE WAS HeLP less. But they weub mistaken. To-day, he is A New Man, full of Lirfl and Energy, his Crutches he has Thrown Aw'att, his Dead Limbs have Life, mis Appetite TtAQ Rbturnkd, and, in fact, he has a New Lease of Life Out and Out. So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks ago : — One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. H was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : 'You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to toll you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering ?' 'Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ' What were the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. , They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the World like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to my self and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and. could neither eat nor sleep. Un the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my ease was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' 'No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, oand did nil lio nmilri Vi\ nnimn nnrl iTinrnliin nille tr- P.nsfi the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterized by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating in voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able toeat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering ni3r former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are per fectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do with out it. You see, I am rapidly regaining my strength.' 'He is 100 pc cent, better,' said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in arrl taken the baby on her knees. ' Dr. Williams' Pink Pill^ fcave saved his life, and made another isan. of him.'7 . A friend who called in at this point said thai; Jttf-fris toofced 10 years younger that day than he di& a f C'rteight previouslj . 'I can now/'' continued Jams, 'have a cold, bath, and all the feeling has come baek in my; legs. If I keep Oil going the -way I am, S. hope to he able to resume work ag a boiler™ maker y and you know I have to1 be1 in the vesy pink of health a?Histrength to work at that! trade. S ana better to-day' ihan I have been at any time during the past five yei.fg. I ascribe all the change an-3 benefit to these Pink x^lls. They have sa^ed my life. I am in no pa'm. ngvi' Trhatever, and fee? like a ii&vr; man. On the m&itdpiess; there is a bos sir opium diid morphia pills which the doctor gave roc to deaden the' excruciating ^in. lint they can stay where they are, ioi 3 no longtr need them!. Every body who knows me nas been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly be35e-ve thxir eyes. M7 being about again has caused quite a sen^tion out htye.' Such is this remarkable history, and it coninia© what ia said in all the chief newspapers oftfe country of the astonishing cures wiocjO&t; by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. T-iey cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, ani\ spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise iroim) an impoverished state of the b)ood, such as anajmiav pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. These pills are a tonic, not a purgative'. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Williams Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists^ and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 