CHAPTER XL Tin: Hkiukss and 'Jim Hn.rs.' Three days later, when Margaret Thorpcleigh was well enough to return home, James Hills, the uiidcrgamc kceper on the Oak Park (state, was arrested on suspicion and lodged in the county gaol, Lord Pitzreagh, in the absence of little Basil's 'grandfather, being the instigator. When interro gated before, a magistrate 3Iills gave himself the airs of a prince, asking how anyone dared to accuse him of such a baseness! 4 It is all very well to talk big, fellow, but you will have to give an account of your previous life before you are dis charged from custody,' said the magis trate, ' Where were you between the hours of midnight and two o'clock in the morning on the 7th instant. 41, went for a long walk in the direction of Thorpeleigh Court, being restless, and wishing to tire myself.' 4 llut you had been at work all day; yet you were not sufficiently tired. A somewhat lame story.' 4 The story happens to be true,' re joined the prisoner, folding his arms defiantly, while his dark eyes flashed fire. You must learn to behave yourself more respectfully in court.' said the magistrate severely. I am treating the court with at least as much respect as it deals out to mc. It treats me as a guilty man before any proof has been established agaiust mc.' 4 His language and bearing arc not those of an illiterate man,' whispered the presiding justice of the peace to his neighbour. Indeed, by this time every one regarded the accused with wonder. 4 The prisoner is remanded to give opportunity for inquiries as to his pre vious career.' . ' That 15 imueeessary. * Proofs 01 my "previous career"- (imitating the speaker) arc forthcoming. My present employer, Sir Bertram Lawford, re ceived good credentials with inc as to character.' * It will be well for you if it Is so. This will he inquired into. The prisoucr is remanded/ repeated the magistrate. So Hills was removed, leaving the court with a step i'ulL of pride, and a face full of hauteur; making altogether such am impression upon those present that lie became the theme of conversation for the rest of the day. 1 And who was Ids former employer V asked Lord Fitzreagh of Jennings. If is lordship had walked up to the game keeper's house expressly to ascertain this matter. 1 -Well, my lord, when Sir Bertram engaged Kills, the man produced a good testimonial from Mr. Byng, who was a good deal talked of, you mayYemcmber, a while ago, in connection with poor Mr. Luftou. Unfortunately, he is a sort of connection of Sir Bertram's family.' M'hat! The Mr. Byng who com mitted suicide?' cried the nobleman. Jennings grew, very red and em barrassed, as lie stammered out 1 that he believed the gentlemau bad got into debt aud put an end to his own life.' ' And this fellow, Hills, lived with liini V exclaimed Lord Fitzreagh. ' Yes, my lord, for some years; did all sorts of filings, it seems to me—was groom, ami keeper, and anything that was wanted. .Sir Bertram was going away from home, when be said I might try him, and the man has done very well, on the whole.' i He may be as unscrupulous as his late master,' remarked the old lord, meditatively. 'Still, I hardly think the fellow cau be sent for trial in the absence of any definite proof that he made the attempt against Lord Basil.' 1 'Twill be for tiie gentlemen of the bench to decide, my lord,' said Jennings, cautiously. As might have been expected, how ever, the evidence against Hills being practically nil. he was set free, only to find himself dismissed without notice from his situation, his employer having telegraphed these directions to Jennings. ' Aud now, I hope, we shall get quit of the fellow,' said Lord Fitzrcagh, fervently ; ' for I fancy lie will be glad to leave the neighbourhood, as he will hardly find work hereabouts.' Jennings, when lie paid the late uuder-keeper the wages owing to him, asked him * where he meant to go now?' 'That's my own affair.' replied Hills. • Good day, Jennings, I hope the dogs won't miss we too much.' 4 They won't get no one more kind to them than yon hare been, Hills. I will say .that; and you've done your work well.' 4 There, that's enough !' interrupted Jennings's late subordinate, shortly. 4 Good day V And he strode off without Iooking\back. The head keeper took it- for granted that the man had left his'lodging, aud was, therefore, a good deal surprised to meet him next day on the road to Thorpeleigh Court. 4 Are you walking to the railway ?' inquired Jennings. 4 No, I am not walking to the rail way,' replied Hills, coolly. 1 Oh, well, have you left AYrexlcy ?* 4 No, I have not left /Wrexley,' re joined the other. 4 Now, let .me give you a won! of advice. Mind your own business, and don't interfere where yon are not concerned.' And then the speaker walked on, leaving Jennings overwhelmed with amazement. As the latter stood gazing after the mail, he gained a good view of Thorpe leigh Court, which showed to much advantage from this spot through an opening in a belt of trees growing on a fine slope. The windows of the south drawing-; room looked this way, and at one of them tlie.young mistress of the mansion was standing, her eves blinded with tears, her heart overweighted with misery. She had heard nothiug all day but comments on 4 the prisoner' (as the uuder-kccper was now styled), and the manner in which he had comported himself. 4 Lord Eitzreagli was in court, my dear Margaret, and he is persuaded that this fellow is quite other than what he seems,' remarked ' her friend, Mrs. Moriston, who was staying at the court. And tlio dreadftrl tiling is that- he tins ' nut left the neighbourhood. Indeed, X had him pointed out to me; he passed ray carriage on the road, as I was - driving this afternoon.' Margaret had received this informa tion in silence, but she' had never had it out of her mind since; and now, as '■ she gazed over her own park, 8he thought with unspeakable sadness o£ what might have been had Godfrey Iiyng been other than he was. If lie had really loved me, he would have renounced gambling and every- " thiug akin to it for my sake,' mused she. ' His debts I could have forgiven, - and have paid, and we might both have been happy. Hut as it is I am wretched, and he is probably wandering homeless in my park out there. It seems as i£ my heart were broken !' ■ I'oor Margaret! Hot very long afterwards she was to understand that this was but the prelude to that which was to come, and that her heart, in the midst of anguish yet more poignant, was. . still to bear with life—life that was very painful to endure. By this time littles Lord Basil had/ been sent away from Airtou Castle to ' an uncle of his who owned another castle in Northumberland ; not was it allowed to transpire-where the child was going, nor by what train lie would tiavcl. Indeed, after his departure, it was not known for some time that he had left Airton, such precautions' being taken to secure secrecy. The child went out in the grounds as if for his usual airing ; thence Jie wiis currried to one of the park entrances, a couple of police officers iu plain clothes following, but so disguised that they looked like country folt, and where whittling sticks as they chatted together/ At the park gates a carriage was wait ing, and the officers saw the nurses and the little boy safely into the vehicle, one of tliem getting on to the bos, ami accompanying the child and his attend ants to town. Here they were con * ;ncd to the carc'of .a couple of dctec , es, and, having passed the night at Lord Airton's town mansion, left London, , still guarded, for Xorthumberland by a :ery early train. . Willingly would Lord Fitzieagh, who\ had stayed on at the castle in order to watch over his little kinsman, have concealed altogether the fact of tha child's removal; but the matter leaked out, nud it was understood that Lord Basil Long was not to. return to Airton for a very considerable time. All this while, Jim Hills, on whoih everyone looked askance, was still in . the neighbourhood, though where lie lodged, or how lie lived, no one knew; ~ but it was now hoped that he would disappear, for there was not a creature in any of the villages round about who' would have liked to meet him at night fall. Nor would Jennings hare much" . desired to encounter his late subordinate. ' ' Ile'd be a match for mo, any day,' the : keeper would mutter to himself. ' He's strong as a lion.' Mrs. Jennings would keep her door barred at dusk, and the children had to eoine in betimes. 'The dogs wouldn't be no good to warn us again him,' sha said, meaniug Hills, 'for they'd just he wild with joy to see him agon. Ah, 'twas like liis artfulness to make the . poor beasts so foiul of liiiu. Something else 'ull happen, you mark my words?' . The good woman often quoted this prognostic in the face of what followed. • An immensity of trouble was taken to find out where the disreputable keeper had lodgings, hut all to 110 purpose, so that it was believed that he slept in the woods or in some barn, for the weather J was dry aud fine. Everyone appeared to live in a state of tension by day, and of fear b.y night —fear of some strange outrage or robbery. At length Jennings, meeting the man whom everyone most dreaded, as night was falling, turned so white that Hills noted it in the dusk, and laughed aloud. 'You look as if you had seen a ghost, Jeuniugs!' said lie, with au air of - superiority, which cruelly galled, th« ' other man. ' A few days haven't changed mc so much that you need look as if you should sink into the earth at sight of me.' 'No, no!'replied Jennings, nervously, . 1 But I've a wife and children to com sider, and I should lose my place if I was seen talking to you, d'ye see ? Nt: ; olfeuce, 1 hope,'. . • : «Oh, Bone! Goodbye, ami good luclc to you, Mr. Jennings, and to little Lord Basil, to. He is gone away, I "hear, for s change of air.' v To this Jennings ventured no reply, and right glad was he to catch sight of the lights twinkling in his cottage window, and to find that nothing adverse had resulted from his meeting with the dreaded Hills. The encouuter had taken place near some cross-loads,' one branching off towards IVrexley, the other towards' Thorpqleigh Court. ' I'd give a good deal to know where • he's a-going to sleep to-night,' said the keeper to his wife when he had recounted his tale. ' You mark my words,' repeated • she, emphasising her dark prophecy more than ever bv upliftiug her fore finger. ' Thorpeleigh Court will be (robbed. That's what he's after. And they say that Miss Thorpeleigh won't "take a -bit of warning; hut wanders alone about that great park without so much as a maid with her. Poor young lady! Amkshe so ill and weak that a breath might blow Iter down, as one may say.' In truth, Margaret Thorpeleigh was the 0110 person in the neighbourhood who •did not fear Jim Ilills, the ox keeper. Did she secretly wish to eu counter him?- At all events, she had decided that if slip met him she would make him speak to her. ' He will never lift a finger against me!' she moaned sadly to herself. ' Put, all the same, I think that desperation drove him to attempt to carry off little Pasil. He 'would not haTe hurt the child; hut what might not have happened! "Will my love for him, and my dospair, kill mc in tiie end? Por we arc finally separated now. But I would help him to leave the country and to begin a new career at the antipodes.' . This, thou, was the secret of Mar garct'6 fearlessness—a secret no one could ever guess. • Matters were in this state' when all TVrexley and the adjoining country-side •was thrown into a ferment of excite ment which even exceeded that which had prevailed when the attempt had "been made to carry off Basil Long, and which plunged Margaret Thorpeleigh into an agony of grief which she had not yet experienced. ' ■ ' He xrill go on from one reckless deed to another till at length he will be convicted and condemned to penal ser vitude,' she thought, with hopeless despair. But we are somewhat anticipating. The final tour it force of which she believed Godfrey Byug to he guilty did not take place till an incident had occurred of which she never lost the remembrance. A cloudy autumn day had been suc ceeded by a still gloomier evening, but Margaret did not forego her usual short, solitary walk. To-night she took lier way through the wood, on the skirts of which the headkeeper at Oak Park had encountered the dreaded Jim Hills only a day or two ago. Deliberately this girl (she was hut thr'ee-nnd-twenty) sought to meet the reputed terror of the neighbourhood. ' Xet me but meet him and I will end ■ this,' she said,, pitifully, to herself, as she went through the darkening copse. 'He will go if I insist on it and if 1 give him the means, and then, then, I must forget him, and ho must forget me.' ' Even yet she did not realise that she loved him so well that for her there could he ho forgctfulness. She met no one but a village child, bolated and huugry, as she passed under the darken ing trees. Margaret stood still, casting anxious glances hither and thither. 'Ho will not come,' was her thought. ' And yet, why does he linger, if it is not to find me alone at some unguarded moment ? "VVli v did he venture at all j into this place, where some might recog nise him ?' Then she stood still, and a strange feeling of longing, mingled with terror, stole over her as she distinguished a man seated on the gnarled roots of a tree. ' Is it he ?' was the swift question which rushed to her brain. ' She went quiekly towards the figure, who neither moved nor looked up. A , basket lay at his feet, and there was Weariness and misfortuno in his air. Opposite to him the heiress stopped, but now her overpowering emotion silenced her, for sho perceived that here indeed was the man she sought, Godfrey Byng. For the space of half a minute they remained thus, she* trying to articulate, and he with a volcano raging in his breast; theu she mastered herself aud "said, panting out the word: * Godfrey !' 1 "What 1' cried he, leaping to his feet, 'you are not afraid of mc, aud you have recognised me too.' j She put up her hand; he seized it passionately. ' Was it generous of you ?' she gasped, ' to torture mc, to trouble your friend, Air. Olford, with threats of suicide, only ta cover your deigns on little Basil Long? Know,"then, that I despise such conduct; tbut I condemn myself for not denouncing you.' ' By Heaven, Margaret, I never thought, when I sent you my farewell through Hcginald Olford, that I should sec another sunrise. But 1 was kuoeked down by a van, rendered senseless, and taken to a hospital, when I was on my way to do the fatal deed. Of course, I had removed everything which could lead to a recognition of my identity; and in the hospital I was nursed back to life, when thoughts of you recurred with force enough to alter my resolve. a 1 was offered a temporary 'employment at a shop, a stationer's, and there saw old Lawford'6 advertisement for an uuder kccper. It was near you;.'I should sometimes catch a glimpse of you as you drove or rode; 1 wrote my own testi monials, and meaut to do my work honestly. Aud so I did, earning every penny of my wages, till I was accused of being a child stealer. Bid you, too, believe I was guilty of this V M did,' she answered, trembling violently, 'but when I hear your voice, when I listen to your strong denial, my heart is lightened of an overpowering load. Oil, Godfrey, if you are indeed blameless in this tiling it seems to me that I can go on living, and ask you to —to let the next two or three years give mc such proofs of your old life being thrown behind you—that—that we need not be parted, you and 1 for For answer he drew her towards him, and kissed her cheek. 'I will throw the old life utterly behind me, for your sake,' he said, fervently. 'But all the same, the opportunity for happiness with you is gone. "What right should I have to link your name to mine—to mine; that of a suspected murderer, reputed suicide, a. known gambler, and a man crille tie tlel/es/ You, yourself, might refuse to. believe in my love if I did so, and grow to think that every word of affection I uttered was prompted by a love for your gold. And then, per chane'c, I should really do that which I was once mad enough to have con templated—take my own life!' ' Godfrey!' she rejoined, clinging to him, ' you are breaking my heart over again. See!' tremblingly producing a cheque, 'I have made tliis out for a thousand pounds. "With this you ean travel for a couple of years, come back to me at the end of that time, and your debts shall be paid, nor will we ever think of the past. What is gold be tween those who love one another ? I have enough, even if it is decided that my sister Susan had hoirs, and that Thorpeleigh Court must he sold.' ' My cwn dear love!' breathed he, nissing her fondly. ' Have I not shown you, however, that that ean uever he ? What.' Shall I repay your affection by giving you a tarnished name—a load of deht ? At any rate, I am not worthless enough for that, Margaret. And, dearest, I must refuse your offered gift.' He kissed the fingers which still held the cheque. ' Awake at last to my own miserable folly, I shall expect the rest of my existence to • he passed in work, and in expiation of that folly. I lingered here, solely to exchange with you a last farewell, feeling certain that you had recognised me, and now, I shall work my passage out in some Australian-bound ship. Thenec I shall write to my old uncle, and whatever he leaves me I shall dovote to the settle ment of my debts, working hard all the rest of my days to earn a few sheep and gain something in the wool trade. Of course, it may all come to nothing, these plau6 of mine, but if effort and iron resolution can.succeed, then will I. Margaret, you are an angel of goodness and forgiveness, but I cannot trade on your goodness.' Thou she flung herself on Ids breast, weeping, vainly entreating him to re lent. 4 Without money, how will you even make a start,' she said. ,'I shall have money to start with —just a little,' lie answered. ' I have thought that out.' Farewell, dearest! I talre with me the consola tion of your words.' ' Godfrey, promise to write to me; promise to let me know where a letter will find you,' she said. ' You shall kuow; after I have landed in Australia. And.now, indeed, farewell, farewell!' He held her for a moment in his arms, and slio sohhed as if her heart would break; then, with a last caress, he plunged into the undergrowth surround ing them, for steps were audibly approaching. As for ilargaret, she went home by a side path, and remained in her own apartments nil that evening on a plea of over fatigue, but there was more life in her eyes ^and in her step than had been for many a day; She said to herself that • she might now look forward. 