IS THIS A MIRACLE? AN M.P’S. VIEWS ON TEE SUBJECT. WHAT MR LABOR-LEADER M'GQWEN KNOWS. From the Australian Workman. Mr J. S. T. M'Gowen, leafier of the Labor party in the N.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection \yith the remark able'case “of Mr. Thomas Jarvis which was given some weeks ago in this paper and which is given below. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at i Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He I afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable, Mr M'Gowen was, therefore, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the dcor. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of P'Ain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : “You want to kvow all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as 1 was.” • '■ How long were you suffering?” “Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met witlj an accident; I was badly scalded while takiug a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.” “ What were the symptoms?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains were . something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They wer<3 for all t'tje world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and I could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Direct r of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did yu make use of the order ?” “ No ; I came home ami went to bed, and have been prefty well in bed ever since, thye weeks ago J could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could by opium and morphia pills to ease tho agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary m >ve megts. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to 3how that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the oure effected in the page of another boiler-maker in Eng land, which I read ip the ^Australian Workman,” by Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case.that seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. ‘The effect was as mar velloua as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first aDnetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredihle. I immediately left the bed' and' was able to move about, I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past your weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and J have never used' them.' 'They v/ere made for rhe before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don’t want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining nyy strength.’ ■’ “ He is iqq per cqnt better,*! 8ajd Mrs Jarvis, who had cqme in and taken the baby on her knees. “The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. “I can now, continued Jarvis, “have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come baok in my legs. " If f keep qh going plie'v/ay I am, I hope to be able to"resumo work' as d boiler-maker, and you knew i have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in nq pain now" what ever, apd feel like a new1 man. Qh the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the dootor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly bejieye their eyes. My being about again has 'caused'quite a sensatioh out here.'”. Such is this ‘ remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People, They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis)’ and dpinu!'disease, also the many disorders whioh arise from an impoverished state of blood, such as amentia, pale and sallow oomplexion, general e muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appe tite, shortness of breath, pains in the back nervous headache, etc. 