'THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday aftornoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered oursing a two~year~otd baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Althoogh.pale and bearing etill the marks of a critical illness, and a periodof pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to eonvalescence. . In reply to the preliminary'questions, he said : " You want to know alt aboot my aee'l Welt.1, am gtlad of on opportuoity to - tell you. The facts may be of value-to those who are stricken aos Iwas." " How long were you suffering " "Well, twelve months ago I got s bad that I had to leave off work and I have done nothing since then. About Bae year ago, next Christmas, I met with an acci dent; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitte-treet, Sydney. Since the aocc dent I have been in failing health. and after four years of gradual development of the malady. I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the eymptoms I' "Simply indescrihable. The pains were somethiog terrible. They were just about asno much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as ii a saw.wre cutting my bones in two inevery partof me. Ihadno control over my bowels and bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. Iwas incessantly shivering and shaking. and mold neither eat nor sleep. fn the 23rd March last I saw a well- known doctor and he told me that my case was ntterly hnpe lens. Howrseer, he gavemo an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions. "Did you make use of the order?" . "No;I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever aine. Five weeks mgo IoWld not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get ont of bed. . I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or si weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor. ataty, a disease of the spinal cord, charac. terised by peculiar distourbancesof gait, and dilficolty in co-ordinatlog voluntary more. ments. He told me that I might lastfor. ten years, and that.I might never get the use of 'my legs. (Jnust then the patient. kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) WVell, just as adrowning man will grasp ata straw, I grped at an Idena conveyed by tha adver* tisemeut describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England. which I read in the Asuralian lPo ktnmn,., by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People, S road in the advertisement of a case whichn emedtofit omyown. determined og oe. the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and'eent for.a boe. The effect was as marvellous as itwas magical. I wan able to eatand sleep ae though nothing was thematterwith me. It' was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. lt was incredible. I im mediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes 'of Pink Pills-daring -the past-fourweeks, and:am' now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradnally, but eocely,.recvenring my former vigor and vitality.'"TYod'see thoses crotches theie? They are perfectly new, and S have never need them. They were made for isebefore I 'got the Pink Pills, but I was too wask to use them, 'and now don't want them. All. I want is this stick, and'I hope modn tdo ' without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." !He is 100 per cent better,"-said- Mrs.' Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby , on her knees. "they have saved his life,t and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten ycars yesgger that day than he did a forinight previounly. - T I can now," coaninued Jarvis, --has as cold bath, and alithe feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resums wnrk an a ". boiler-maker, end ynu know I hare to be in' the'very pink of health and otresgth.to. work at that trade. IS am better to-day than I.have been at any time during the pat~five. years. 'S ascribe all the change and benefit to thess Pink Pills. 'Theykiave saved my life. I am in no pain now, what= ever, and feel like a new man.' On the mantelpiece there in a box of spium and morphin pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ebcraciating pain. But they can atay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everbody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has cased quit a senaion oai haere. Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news. papers of this country of the antonishiog cures wrought by Dr. William,' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomoter taoy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disordere which arise from an inm poverished state of the blood, such as annmin, pale and sallow campletaon, general maon tar weakness, loss of appetite; shortnesseof -, breath, pains in the back, nerynas headache, etc. - 