Dramatic Notes. The most interesting dramatic event of the week to Australians has occurred at the antipodes, where on Saturday Messrs, Williamson and Musgrove in augurated their first London Eeason by the produc tion of ' Francillon ' at the Duke of York's Theatre. it was tne nrst time Dumas's nne comedy was played in London. The cables tell us that Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew made a brilliant success and that the play was excellently mounted and superbly dressed. It was to be expected from the Australian reputation of the firm that when it did enter London it would do all that accessories could do to ensure success, and there can be no doubt that the comedy is an excellent one and that the performance of the principals in it is admirable. That was recognised in Australia, and it was felt here, too, that it would be recognised by the larger public when the oppor tunity came. The further course of the experiment will be watched with interest. At Her Majesty's Theatre -s The French Maid ' has continued to do good business during the week. The all-round excellence of the performance is the feature of the production which now most strikes one. Take for instance Mr. Lissant's sketch of Sir Drummond Fife— it is an admirable bit of character acting. Then Mr. Vernon's colossal gendarme — nature seems to have just made him for it. And so with the other parts. One could not wish for any* thing better in its way than Mr. Coleman's waiter — the great hit of the piece. Mr. Shand looks too the rollicking sailor boy, as well as acts it, and Alisa Willoughby is most piquant. Miss Seymour, Mr. Peachey, Miss Wray, and others are all good in their respective parts ; and so is Mr. de Lara, though his conception of the admiral is not what one might imagine a Gilbertian British admiral should be. An absurdly pompous and dignified mari time big wig would be a more appropriate and amusing conception than his undignified sea dog. The Tivoli still taxes its holding capacity. Miss Nita Clarke, Miss Nellie Wilson, Little Alma Gray, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Haven are all features of the first part, and the Selbinis are still in the second part. I'be Selbini performance looks more won derful each time it is seen, and some of the cycling featB might be regarded as impossible were they not seen. The new cinematographe, with the Jubilee procession pictures secured by Mr. Rickards in London, and which have been so great a success in Melbourne, is a leading item of this week's bill. The new people, Mr. Athas and Miss Collins, Mr. Leon, and Mr. Chas. Dillon, are all in the second part. At the Palace Miss Lilian Tree is singing admir ably, though a prima donna with her extensive repertoire might be expected to change her songs oftener than she does, for she is still singing ' Roberto tu che.Adoro.' She sings it splendidly. Miss Wentworth is very clever in her new 4- turn/' which takes off well-known burlesque and music-hall performers. The biograph is unquestionably the finest thing of the kind we have had. Its pictures are startlingly realistic, and they are praetically free from the unsteadiness which is the bane of other machines of the type. The Morritts continue to do surprising things, which are not appreciated so highly as they would have been had they not just followed Carl Hetz. The Allisons, and Mr. Emmett, - ventriloquist, are added to the company. The M-Mahon experiment of cheap priced melo drama at the Lyceum, which was inaugurated on Saturday, with the production by the Dampier Company of ' Robbery Under Arms,' has 4 sd far resulted in crowded and most hilarious and demonstrative audiences, which take an interest that 'may be heard in everything that the performers do and say, and freely express their opinions on it. There is no apathetic indifference with them. Mr. Dampier's performance of Captain Starlight is too well known to want much said of it, and he has with him a company iccludmer these artists: — Warrigal, Mr. William Howard Smith ; Inspector Goring, Mr. Edward Duggan Trooper Maginnis, Mr. Grattan Coghlan ; Trooper. O'Hara, Mr. George Buller ; Did Ben Marston, Mr. W. H. Holman ; Dick Marston, Mr. Alfred Rolfe ; Dan Moran, Mr. Edmond Hallowav ; Aileen Marston, Miss Lily Dampier; Grace Storefield, Miss Rose Dampier ; Kate Morrison, Miss Katherine Russell. Fine scenery has been painted by Mr. John Hen nings. Miss Maggie Moore closed her season at the Royal on the 17th, and started on a country tour. On that afternoon the benefit performance to Miss Vivianne Dagmar, one of the stranded members of the Adair Company, was held, and resulted in a': return of about £50 net. A very long programme, in which both leading professionals and amateurs assisted, was given. A new sensation, so far as Australia is concerned, was supplied on Saturday in the form of the ' Veriscope ' presentment of the great Corbett Fitzsimmons fight at Carspn City for the champion ship of the world. The veriscope is an instrument of the cinematograph order, the difference being that the films are much longer, and it gives unbroken 15-minute views. To show the whole fight and the preliminaries takes, it is said, nearly 9600ft. of film. The fight, as everyone knows, created a great sensa tion in America, and moBt elaborate preparations were made to secure the pictorial record of it, and i- the veriscope was specially invented ,bo as to secure the continuous views. Mr. George Welly, who was here before aB manager of the ' Trilby ' Com pany, came over by the last San Francisco mailboat to snow the new machine. Its drawback is the drawback of the cinematograph — an unpleasant flicker that tries the eyes — but it gives a wonderful presentment of the fight. There are the excited spectators, the men fighting in the ring, the referee dancing around them, their anxious seconds flapping wet towels and rubbing down their principals be tween the rounds, and the final' catastrophe brought about by Fitzsimmons's blow on the ' solar plexus,' and the mad rush of Corbett after his adversary when he came to his senses after having been counted out. It is a very strange thing to see here in Sydney these ghosts of the tight that took place away in Nevada. At Melbourne the Paulton-Stanley company last Saturday produced Messrs. H. and E. A. Paulton's farce ' In a Locket.' In this the fun depends on a case of mistaken identity. Simpkins, a blameless middle-class Britisher, who has hitherto borne the best of characters, is mistaken by a lady who has lost her husband as her recreant spouse, and has just been acquitted of bigamy when the farce opens. The woman still persists in her hallucination, 'and endea vours to hunt down the innocent Simpkins who has fled the notoriety his trial produced. Mrs. Simpkins puts a detective in the house to establish her husband's innocence, and Simpkins takes the police officer for a rival. The ' Argus ' says the piece lacked pre paration on Saturday. At the Bijou Mr. Frank Thornton has revived ' Sweet Lavender,' and the company, led by Mr. Augustus Glover and Miss Hose Conroy, which is now playing ' Held by the Enemy ' at the Alexandra appears to be doing well. Mr. itignold's company is producing ''In the Ranks' at the Theatre Eoval. Mr. Tom Woot well, the Haytors. the cinematographe, the Avolos, and Mr. J. W. Winton are among the chief attrac tions at the Opera House. Mr. Rickards's new burlesque company, whose ultimate destination is the Palace, appears to have had a successful opening at Brisbane, where Hoyt's burlesque, ' A Bunch of Keys,' is being first tried. According to the ' Courier,' it has less plot than ' Chinatown,' but it is said to be funny neverthe less. A man named Keys dies and leaves an hotel to the one of his three daughters who will be de clared by th& first commercial traveller that comes along to be the plainest. An attorney named Snaggs knows of the existence of a codicil by which they might agree to divide, but he conceals it, as he desires to get hold of the property himself. May and Rose Keys, impersonated by Miss Conyers and Miss Liddiard, are conventional young ladies with lovers. ' Teddy ' Keys, impersonated by Miss Nash, is a harum- scarum' romp. Snaggs (Mr. Lauri) en deavours to get everyone to declare 'Teddy' the plainest of the bunch, with a view to marrying her and the hotel. The lovers of the other girls (Messrs. Bellman and Wilson) do likewise, but only succeed in earning the enmity of their sweethearts. The rest of the cast consists of Miss Lottie Moore as Dollie Dobbs, a servant ; Mrs. M. Melville, as Matilda Jenkins ; Mr. Willie Freear, as a railway brakes man ; and Mr. Arthur Glynne, as a ' bad lot.''' Mr. Freear's strength is said to be as a dancer. The ' Courier ' is enthusiastic about Mr. Lauri's per formance. West Australia i:- still the happy hunting ground of showmen, and Carl Hertz appears to be continu ing there the wonderfully successful business he has been doing elsewhere in Australia and New Zealand. A Kalgoorlie paper announces his opening there to great business. 