A VALUABLE : LIEE. , v By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author oE .-"A Rogue's Daughter," ,''A Life Sentence," ''.'Sir:--j Anthony's-. Secret," ;"Marjory's Mistake," ''Dr. .Endicott3 Experiment," " Jacobi's Wife," &c..; .[Published by special arrangement with the Author. . v All rights reserved.) ' Chapter XV.—(Continued). . The moonlight Dad snutea ana ieic ouioea couch in darkness, v The newcomer had evi dently no idea that1 anyone , was in the room. " The figure was that of a tall slight woman in \- black , with; black: drapery over her head—so •••■ strangely'.'like- that of a nun that Chloe in ' voluntarily recalled the legend, of a ghostly novice who was said to haunt the house after • being murdered by-a wicked abbess when .; King's-Leigh-was a convent in pre-Reformation times.; The story was old and shadowy and no . one within-living memory was reputed to have ^een the ghost, but Chloe's mind reverted to it instantly and she wondered, with, a shiver, . whether its appearance heralded the approach i of death. > _ Then her senses and her memory came back : to her and she almost laughed.. Of course it! . was Sister Mary gliding through- the room on .' her' way to pay: a midnight visit to Miss Kettlewell.- Chloe felt relieved and yet a little i surprised.*" For.had not Mrs. Green impressed i upon her that neither of the nurses knew of the concealed entrance to Miss Kettlewell's room? It was.for that reason that she had chosen to ].,*spend]the night] in a; place- whence she could \command entrance at' her will, for she had, a " strong,'suspicion that Nurse Ellen always flocked the dressing-room door against.visitors'! ' "atMl'.,'And 'yet Si3ter-Mary, came this way !, when she .went to make a midnight inspection ' of the patient and the night nurse. : ~ Chloe, did mot move. She hoped .that Sister Mary-would not see.her, for she felt rebuked. in her own mind for havingsuspected any want . of care.- Even if Nurse Ellen were inefficient or.unconscientious no doubt Sister Mary would step in to remedy all defects. So she waited • quietly - in her dark corner while the black figure.passed her by, pressed the button of the door into the hanging-closet, and made ber entrance into Miss Kettlewell's room, leaving, • 'as Chloe was quick to notice, the doors behind ..) her just-ajar. Nurse Ellen's heavy breathing \- ' could thenbe distinctly heard. As Chloe had . 'surmised, she had made arrangements for her own comfort aud fallen fast asleep;: there was no appearance of her being ready, to awake, • for she did not rouse herself even when the \- elder burse entered the room; she snored • lustily in her armchair, leaving the necessities ■ 'of-lier patient to chance. Chloe' listened keenly. She expected to • lieai-i the sounds of - her awakening, of Sister • Mary's-severe reproof,- of. the .slight clink of • medicine-bottle and" spoon and glass, which \- would show that the nurses were complying 1 with ■ the - orders given by Dr. Fleming. But she.heard nothing at all. -Whatv could Sister Mary, be doing? "Why • did "she' not wake her assistant ? Did she. ' imagine that Nurse Ellen had already attended ' to. Miss Kettlewell's requirements? There seemed a lull, an extraordinary, silence in the ' room,- the night nurse still breathed heavily, ■ but there was no other sound,- and Chloe's i "• nerves began to feel the strain of the un ' ,natural- silence. It seemed to-her as though" v it would be-a relief to scream. • 'What sound -was it that came at last? A -most -.unexpected and-unaccustomed sound •' indeed.; The turn of a key in a lock, the ' opening- of-a drawer—then the rustle of \- papers, with odd -silences between. Chloe drew ' herself into a .sitting position on the ■ edge of her bed and deliberated. She • felt that sue should .very much like to know: what Sister, Mary was doing. Not that she dis trusted her-—oh, no ; she was sure, that Sister Marv was good" and honorable and true ; but wliac was she doing at Cousin Keturah's bbxes : and chests of drawers? For as it happened ■ ■"Chloe: was familiar with the-sound of the ■ clicking -key that she had 'heard. ' Some sounds stamp themselves upoh our memory in ..Miehitt-wny that we can recall and recognise t hum-to the last day of our lives; and Chloe oi-nuctly remembered heariug- that click as a ciiikl w.'ieir.-Alwj stood one day in Cousifi Ke I 'li- vlvs I'uout iii dire disgrace upon some for ■ !•<> con eMint, and when Cousin Keturah had ■ .-"- ••••<jir.iv u-i locked a cedarwood box m her 3 ■ noe anil remarked, " Now, iny dear, I am ; '•'• a.", to scratch your name out of :my will." . - was••<■»• • Krofisqne,• almost a-farcical inci : i lor Cliloe knew- that Miss Kettlewell l..i i only been playing upon her childish fears; r i' .-iio would remember the click of that key r • u.' iock to her dying day. - • •• i.tt .was Sister Mary doing with Miss •;'•'■■■■)■.. '■■■kv.l-U's cedarwood box? ■ -1 ' .me prescription was missing, perhaps; ■ : ••nr. |;ii|ior of - instructions; and the nurse •; .ir,ht iii:to it had been -placed in one of the • i.rawers or in the box—that must be the ex • ■- j»--.iu:m«ii of her actions. Even then Chloe's • i .iiiriiaiioii began to wax hot within her. No is-.nr-o had any business - to ' ransack Cousin ' uv-turah s boxes and - chests of drawers. -She ii»rsclt would never have presumed to do such ;•'•,Miiug: - No, hateful though'her errand was, nw must present herself in the next room and -i ••• "t tji.mer Mary's hand. ' • ••.•iicj rose,- gathered her sweeping robe 1 i .-•imi hand, so that it should not betray her .•iiipr'i.-.ea,- made her way to the wardrobe '- .-.ml - stood for a moment at the half-open ■ door into the bedroom, surveying the scene. \-- •'f'he lire cast a dull red glow upon the ceiling and the-polished furniture. ■ Before it, in a meat chmtz-covered chair, reclined Nurse Ellen, still-soundly asleep. Bound the high mahogany four-posted bed the flowered damask curtains -were partially drawn, but Chloe could see the high frilled pillows and the • worn old face upon them, the white sheet on which Miss Kettlewell's thin hand " was lying, and the satin quilt which rested 'on the white counterpane. Sister Mary's tall dark figure was bent above an- open .drawer. A small candlestick •- was in one of her hands; the lighted ■ candle, threw strange flickering shadows of the veiled head about the room as she moved it hither and thither in search of something that she evidently hoped to- find. ' The cedarwood box seemed to be inside the drawer,' and the restless prying fingers hastily ■ turned over the papers. which it contained, • pausing now and.then apparently as if to give their owner an opportunity of considering the nature of some specially interesting document. ' Chloe hesitated no longer. She walked ■ swiftly and silently across the room and laying her hand on the black-sleeved arm said in a low but distinct voice— " What are you doing with Miss Kettlewell's papers, Sister Mary ?" ■■■<..-■ Then she recoiled. It was not the face of Sister Mary that looked at her from under the sombre veil. Chloe was not easily frightened —not easily dismayed—but something like a pang of absolute terror passed through her as ^ she looked-into the cold blue eyes of Lavinia Wedderburn.' . ■ " You !" she exclaimed, her hands dropping to her Bides. : Miss'Wedderburn said nothing for a minute or two; she was too much taken by surprise. She had not suspected that Chloe Eleming was in the house. The muscles-of her pale face twitched a little, the thin lips set themselves . tighter, but the expression other eyes did pot change.- She set the flickering candle down . and looked tentatively at the open drawer. The cedarwood box was open and the papers were in disorder. It did not escape Chloe's •notice that one. piece-of paper was crushed ' inside the bosom of Lavinia Wedderburn's dress. Was it one that she: had 'abstracted . from the drawer or was it one -that belonged : to herself? • "What are you doing here?" said Chloe . sternly, but in a low voice which was an essen tial in Miss Kettlewell's vicinity. "You are not allowed to come.into- this room," the girl 1 said, taking the bull boldly by the horns. ."•Allowed!"' exclaimed Miss Wedderburn in her iciest • and most disagreeable voice. "1 ' don't need a chit like you to tell me what I am allowed to do." ,r — " You. are certainly not allowed.-to search ' my cousin's boxes and papers while she is ill and at midnight; too," said Chloe steadily: " You will shut the drawer and give me the key, if you please." Miss Wedderburn uttered a contemptuous laugh. " Do'you think you can make, me do what you tell me ?' she asked, turning to the drawer again, as though she designed to con tinue her search. But Chloe's hand was in stantly laid on'her wrist, i . "Are you not ashamed?"' said the girl. "After you have been here so long and have been kindly treated for . so many years that you should turn against us all in this \- way and ransack my cousin's: private drawers \- surf boxes—I- am. sure I cannot imagine for • what reason—are you not ashamed.of it and of yourself ?' • " I am not going to be lectured by a girl," said Miss Wedderburn, with perfect calm. " I am only.looking for a paper of my own, . which I left here by accident. To me it is a most important paper, but I knew that I . should never recover it unless I- took my own means of doing so. You need not be afraid; I am not going to steal anything from Miss Kettlewell. I am quite in the habit of going \- to her drawers." . '' Yes, in.her presence and at her request," \- said Chloe. "Miss Wedderburn, unless you go " away this moment I shall wake the nurse and rouse the servants." .-■■■- ■ " You will have- a difficulty in waking the nurse," returned Miss Wedderburn, who seemedjto have.reached the point where reck lessness begins. " She has had—something to make her sleep." Chloedooked at her with wide-open-eyes. " You mean you have drugged her!" she cried in a louder voice. " Oh, you wicked, wicked woman!" ...... ..... ..... • Miss Wedderburn made a sudden movement 'as-if: she'would'have struck' her; but it was • not often'. that.she completely lost h.-.r self-1 i oontroL ' I ''Take care what you say. Chios-Fleming," , she said in a tone, of-scornful warning,--".your . fate" lie3 in" my -hands far" more than you imagine.. For every insul b you heap upon me - I.will have my revenge. I have been insulted and trampled upon ever since I came into this house more dhan ten years ago,, and I have always looked forward to -.some future day when I could tell you all what I think of you —how I hate and -loathe, and despise you! And the-day has come at last." v Chios drew back a- step in absolute horror and dismay. • "What have we done to.you," she said, " that you should speak to me like that ?' "It- matters very-little what the distinct and separate reasons are," saidjMiss Wedder burn calmly. "The' fact remains that I bate you all and if it is ever in my power to do you an injury, Miss Fleming, I shall not hold my hand." Chloe; would not- bandy words' any longer. She stepped backward, seized Nurse "Ellen by the arm, and shook her violently. The woman, was in a dead sleep, but Chloe's grasp partially aroused her at last;. And theA'the girl reached i across her to the woollen bell-rope that "hung beside the - mantelpiece and pulled it with all her might. The bell was a loud one and she could hear-- it clang vigorously as she pulled, and pulled until the rope came awav in her hand. But she did not see what-Nurse Ellen saw as-"the sleep vanished from her heavy- eyes,-. : She did not see a weird, white .figure,,raise itself slowly in the bed and lift its white-capped head and skeleton-^ like hands' and try- to utter vague.; words, of rage and denunciation and despair. The sight frightened Nurse EllSn more than anything she had ever 'seen in her life before, for she .had looked on Miss Kettleweli as dead., And here was this paralytic woman, as good as dead, climbing forward on the bed,, stretch ing'out one long trembling arm, 'pointing one shaking finger at the woman who stood beside the drawers and finding voice at last to cry in' a strange, shrill voice— i " Thief;!-thief 1 thief !"■ • -- ■" Miss;..]Weddei;burn.: .shrank;.- .back. aghast. 'Cldbe-'- lot^c'ed' "and .'saw. and sprang to her cousin's'side. And it was then that Nurse Ellen, losing" all control over herself, set up that-- terrible : shriek of terror that roused every sleeper .in- the house and brought the doctor with" flying-steps to Miss Kettle well's bedroom door. ' \- (To be continued.) 