THE QUEEN'S RECORD REION. T h e Georr.Ury of State has sent out to Government copies of an order from the Lords of the Privy Oonacil directing thfe Archbishop of Canterbury to prepare special forms of prayer to be issued on toe ncctsion of tbe celebration of the 80 years reign, tocether with the complete fonn of prayer proponed in accordance frith the order. Tbe form of prayer is as follows Morning or evening prayer shall begin with this sentence: 1 exhort that first of all supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks be made for all men, for kings, tnd for all that authority, that we may lead a quiet and ppaceehle life in all Godliness and hoceiiy, for this is good and acceptable to God, our r aviour.—-I. Tim. 2 ,9 Proper Psalm x r , ci,, cxxi. Proper lessons, the first, Joshua i., to verse 19, or Proverbs riii, to verse 17. The second, Romans xiii, to verse 11, or Revelations xxi., 22 to . Tbe Suffrages next after tbe Creed stand thus: - Priest; O Lord, show Thy mercy upon us. favor, may continue before Ihee beahb, peace, joy, and bon or, and may live long and happy lives on earth ; and after death obtain everlasting life and glorr by the merits and mediation of Obriel Jesna, our Baviour, who with thre and the Holy Ghost livetb aud reigntth, ever one Goa, world without end. Amen," “ Almiebty God, who ruletk over all kingdoms of the world, and disposed) of them according to Thy good pleasure, we yield Thee un- 1feigned thanks, for 3 hon wait pleased [an on this day] to plaoe Tby •errant, our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria upon the Throne of this Realm. Let Thy wisdom be ber guide, and let Thine arm strengthen h e r; let justice, truth, and holiness, 1st peace and love flourish in her dsys. Direct all her counsels and endeavors to Thv glory and to the welfare of ber people, and give us grace to obey her cheerfully, for oonsoienee sake. Let her always possess tbe hearts of her people ; let her reign be long and pros* peious, and crown her with immortality in the life to eome, through J e m 9 Christ, oar Lord amen." Aniw er: And grant us Shy salve tion. Priest: O Lord save the Queen. Answer: Who putleth her trust in Tb«*e. P riest; Send her help from Tby holy place. Answer. And evermore mightily defeud ber. Priest: Let her enemies have no advantage over her. Answer: Let not the wieked approach to hurt her. Priest: Endue Thy ministers with righteousness. Answer: And make Thy chosen people jojfol. P riest: O Lord save Thy people. Answer: And bless their inheritance. P riest: Give peace iu our time, < Lord. Answer; Because there is nose ether tb st fighteth for us, but only Thou, O God. Priest: Be unto us, O Lord, a strong tower. Answer: From the face of our enemies, P riest: O Lord hear our prayer. Answer: And let our ory come unto Thee. After the first collect at the morning evening prayer shall be used the following collect: —“ O God, who proridest for tbe people by Tby power, and rulest them in love, grant unto Thy servant, oar Queen, Thy spirit of wisdom aud government that being devoted unto Thee with all ber heart, tbe may so wisely govern this kingdom that in her time tbe Church may be in safety, end Christian devotion may continue in peace ; tbat so persevering in good, works tbe end she may by Thy guidance come to Tbine everlasting ki ngdom through Jeaui Christ, Thy Boo, our Lord, who livelh and reigaetb with Thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without ebd. Amen/’ I f the Litany be sung or said these prayers shall follow immediately after tbe prayer “ We humbly bes»ech Thee," and if the Litany be not sung or said, then these prayers shall be said instead of Ike prayers for tbe Queen and for Royal Family at Matins or Evensong Lord, our God, who upholdest aud governest ail things by the word of Thy power, receive oar humble srayers for our Sovereign Lady, Victoi as on (his day] set over by at by Thy grsee and providenoe to be oar Queen, and together with her bless, we beieeoh Thee, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, the Princess of WaUs, and ail the Royal Family, that they ever truUing in Tby goodness, protected by Tby power, and crowned by Tby gracious ana endless A prayer for unity—"O God, the Fmher of oor Lord Jeans Christ, our only Saviour, tbe prinoe of peace, give us grace seriously to ley to heart the great dangers we are in by onr unhappy divisions. Take away all hatred and prejudice, and whatsoever else may hinder a* from Godly union aud Conoorfl, that as there is but one Body gnd one dpirit, cod one hope of oqr calling one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one Gofl and Fatbrr of ua all, so we tqay bftneeforth be all of one heart and of one soql united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with mind And - - j mouth glorify Thee through Jesufi Cbriit ouk r Lord. Amen." in the Communion fiervipe, instead of tbe Pollect for tbe Queen, the eolirpt "Q God which proyideat ” eball be said after “ •e collect for the day. The Kpisile I, t»t Petwii.,11—'"Daarly beloved, I bneecb you at strangers and pilgrims, abataio from fleshly lusts wbioh war agaiost tbe soul, having your tooversation honest aaone tbe Gentiles tbat whereaa they apeak against you as evilqoers they may by your good works which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation. Submit yourselves to every ordinance of mao for tbe Lord's sake, whether it be to the Kiog as supreme or unto Gorarnorr as uado them th&l; are ecnt by Him for tbe punishment of evilddere, and for the praise of them that do well. For to it is the will of God tbal with weU-doiug ye may put to eiUnpe the ignorance of foolish teen as frep ajjd not tariog your liberty for a cloak of maliciousness but as tie servants of God, Honor all Men, Love the Brotherhood, P eu God, honorfthe King/' Tbe Gospel fit, Matthew xxii. Ifi, And they sent unto Him their disciplea ♦ith the;HerodianB, saying, Master, w* kupiv that Thou a n true and teachescthe way of God in truth, neither carest Tbou fok any man, For Thou regardest not tbe per«m of a e a ; Xejj at therefore, what thickest Thou: I t r l lawful to give unto Ossar ©r not P But Jesus perceived their wickedness and Slid, Wky tempt ye me, ye hypooritea. enow me tge tnbuto money, and tie r Drtnghl unto him a penny, and lie .aid noto « ti* image u d upervtition. 08t0 fate cssr'e. Then unto them. ender therefore unto uoiftf the thiogs hich are Cesar'* aid unto God hings that are God’s. When they bad eard these words they marvelled and eft bint aud went tbeir wav," Thanksgiving to be *aid immediate)/ after the_M neral thanksgiving •— O Lord, oar Heavenly Father, we give The* hearty thanks for the many blessings whleh Tbou hast betlowpd opos us daring the sixty yean of the haupy reign of our gracioui Queen Vioiona, We thaak Thee for progress made io Jbe knowledge of Thy marvellous work, for increase of ©oufort given to huuskn life, for kindlier feeling between rich and poor, . fur wonderful preachings of the gospel to many nations, and we pray th at these and all other Tby gift* may he long continued to ue aud to our Queen, to tbe glory of Thy Roly Name, through J< Christ our Lord. Amen.** 