Stem4 of -$ntere4l Lord Wolseley has issued a general order that the officers of tho British army mu6t wear moustaches. - '1 11 ? Queen of Madagascar, Ranavulona III., has been exiled by the French, to tbe island of Reunion. * A recent dispatch from East Africa says that a wnpgnn mnd 'it being couetruoted from the coast to Lake Victoria, Nynnza. Great prosperity, it isv report, »?(!, prevails 111 Uganda. Ti'.e oldest general oilier in tho British Army is _ Gcnernl Sir Reginald Gipps, aged G5, and the - youngest is Mi- jar-General A. Hunter, D.S O., aged ? 40. The Victorian Premier ha3 premised to provide iG00 t,i- tho executors of the late Baron Von ' Mueller for the purpose of paying the deceased's ? debts. . .: A letter was received in Melbourne this week from Lord's cricket body (Eng.) addressed to A. E. Trolt, care of J. Phillip?, ' Melbourne, Victoria, . N.S.W.' A very suggestive error occurred in a Quean- . beyan paper recently. The compositor made a line in an obituary notice! read ' My bones lie Bmoulder- - ing here.' A company has been formed to take over the, rights of tho proprietors of the mineral waters . Apollinaris and Johannes, the two to be amalga mated with a capital of £2, 230, 000. Out of 333 candidates for the Victorian mounted police only 19 passed. It would seem, therefore, that it was much easier to entei the Federal Convention than it is to enter the police. Mrs. Kilner, a settler's wife in the Tucker Village Settlement, Victoria, ha3 ju3t sold three tonB of honey in small quantities iu a few days. She be- ' gan with two liives. She has now 100, with an ' annual yield of seven tons. Russia has offered to supply Servia with 120,000 ? magazine rifles, on credit, for its army. The Servian Government has replied that it is anxious . to adopt the latest pattern of rifle, and has not yefc decided whether it will entertain tho Ru38ian offer. Here i3 the latest snake story : Recently a roos- - ter belonging to Mr. J. AVall, of Stony Creek, near - Mudgee, gave up the ghost, and, on being opened, . a snake about a foot long was found in its crop. The reptile had evidently been swallowed alive, and, biting the rocBter, caused its death. A writer has been inquiring into the statistics oE births aud deaths in fiction. He finds the annual proportion of births to deaths is as one to 796. At; - this rate, he says, tho story tollers will depopulate the earth in 11 years, figured out mathematically, i Dickens, he contihues, is tbe only author that ever lived wbo tried to hold the balance true. For every , undertaker he brings on the scene he introduces a midwife. The* Parliamentary returns as to street and road tramways during the year ending June 30. 1896,. show that the total capital expended in England and Wales during the year was £11, 762,204, and. in the whole Kingdom ^£15,195,993. The length of line open for traffic in tbe Kingdom was 1000 mile3 ; the horses used iBcrej3ed from 32,273 to. 35,621, but the locomotive engines decreased from 570 to 568 The number of passengers carried was 759,466,047, against ' 661,760,4-61 in the preceding year; the working expenses .83,105,511, against £2.878 490 ; and the net receipts .£1,046,505, againBfc £855,200. An exchange says a lady was attracted by the' following advertisement the other day : — ' To tbe Public : A gentleman who wbb cured of drink- , ing, smoking, talking too loud, going out ot nights,-, going to the races, and gambling, and who also' gained twenty pounds of flesh in three years, and was completely Restored to health, will sell the secret to any respectable person for half-a-crown. If no cure, money returned. Address in confidence, &c.;' The lady sent for the remedy, and received the! following reply : I was cured of all the bad. habits mentioned i- y a three yearB* enfoiced ie sidence in her Majesty's prisons.' Before the Swnnhilda reached San Francisco,. San Francisco papers were giving long and graphic accounts of the Glenbrook murders. Tbis is how the Chronicle refers to the principal detective sent from Sydney to procure the arrest of Bntler : — ' M'Hattie comes as the direct representative ot the colonial detective force of New South Wales. A Scotchman by birth, resourceful in times of dan ger, skilled in tracking and pot hunting men in the bush of the colonies, and the slums of its big cities, he is a splendid specimen of the British deteotive, and in his pious hours considered equal to the task of nutting his official hands on any desperado that walks. ; Taxation through the Customs in the colonies Jb as follows New South Wales, £1 8s 7d per head per annum; Victoria, £1 9a- 4d ; South Australia, £1 10s lid ; Tasmania, JBl 18s ; New Zealand, JB2 7b 5d ; Queensland, £2 16s Id ; nnd Western Aus tralia, JB6 6s 8d. Apropos of these returns, a Perth contemporary points out that if the WeBt Aus tralian rates of duty were oollected in the other colonies the total income from Customs would be as follow : — Western Australia, £1,000,000 s South Australia, £2,200,000 ; Victoria, £7,000,000 ; and New South Wales, £8,000,000. . One can imagine Vinwr fhft nannlft of Vio.fr,n*»in. and Vow Rnntlt would complain. A large number of claims for damages arising ont of the visit of the Czar will shortly come before the law courts at Paris. The majority are brought against the Eastern Railway Company, by indig nant ticket-holderb, who wore nnable 'to reach Chalons in time for the review. The company denies liability, on the ground that on the journey down to Chalons the Czar desired to sleep, and conseuqently ordered the Imperial train to be . brought to a standstill. The Royal slumbers lasted several hours, with the result that all the trains following behind that of his Majesty were blocked for an equal period; and therefore many ot' them could not be got to Chalons in time. Some people who make their way to West Ausr tralia and then express their disgust with the place though the columns of the papers do not appear to be very careful in their preparations for a sojourn in their new home. Four stowaways who were landed at Albany from the steamer Karaweera recently were brought up in tho Albany Police Court. They bad clandestinely embarked at Sydney, and. bad been fed on biscuit and water on the voyage. They were Bned £5 each, the amount of a steerage passage, in default four weeks' im prisonment with bard labour. One of them had half-a-crown, and another a three-penny piece and a penny. The other two were without any current coin of the realm. Someone evidently has a sanguine opinion of the permanency of the frozen meat trade, as we learn that a steamer capable of carrying 100,000 carcases of frozen sheep is now being built at a yard in Belfast, for the New Zealand trade. She will be named the Delphic, and, liko her predecessor the Gothic, will trode under the auspices of the Shaw Savill line. The new vessel will be fitted with two sets of triple expansion engines and two screws, thus nffording an additional element of safety. In addition to ordiuary coal and cargo space; the Depbic will bo fitted with two large ' refrigerating machines on the dry air system, and iiN«ro win ub » curni rerrigeratea space in three holds of about 285 000 cubic feet. Acting-Judge Wade is reported to have stated at Newcastle in striking out an action by Jas. Fraser, who claimed £4 3s 6d for work done in 1891 from Mrs. Clara Stokes, tbat a widow was not responsible for debts she contracted while her husband wbb alive, becauso she would then, accor ding to law, be the agent of tho husband, who was the responsible party. To obtain a verdict, a cre ditor, would, his Honor said, need to sue the exe cutor or the executrix under the will of the de ceased husband. His Honor waa willing to allow the plaint to be altered so as to sue Mrs. Stokes as the executrix of herbuBband, but rather than this tbe lady's solicitor assured the plaintiff that the money would be paid to him, a statement which Mr. Fraser accepted. A good Btory is told of the Australian visit of the Redmond brothers in the eighties. One of them was tranbled with a ' liver' and on leaving Mel bourne for Tasmania Sam McCardle presented him with a cylinder of his famous Dayleaford mineral water— 'Nature's own remedy,' to quote Sam'a placards. So far good ; but the peculiar shape oE tho cylinder, then not so well known as now was to the police mind suggestive of an infernal machine. Two detectives shadowed the brothei e till Deloraine was reached, when old Conatalle Wahb was consulted. With a curious twinkle in his eye Walsh asked the D'a i£ they'd have a taste of whiBky-and- soda, and to their intense disgust at the proper moment proceeded to draw the soda from the deadly clyinder which had caused so mack - apprehension. 