A QUEER STORY. [Written for Thi Ourrea by tbe author of ' Driven Through Hades,' ' The Black Forty,' etc., etc., and compiled from statements made andevldenoe given by certain persons interested In the issue.! Detective Bebbill's Case. I am a detective-sergeant of the Melbourne Police Force, and have been so for a good many years too. They don't call us detectives now, ever siuoe that commission of en quiry was held ever the working of the force, but 'Members of the Criminal Investigation Department.' A lot of rot that enquiry brought out too, ns coves standing up and being cross-examined by a parcel of thieves as we had bagged many a time before, and had their show then I tell you. They made the most of it too, but my word we gave them slops for it afterwards, take it from me now, we did. But there — I am off with the bit in my mouth.' When I get on about that there investigation hold ing ns up to public ridicule and making us the laughing stock of the place I never know when to stop. Then there was that Herald. A lot of fuss it made, calling us the ' defective ' force and accusing us of bribery and corruption wholesale. There I go again — pull me up please when I get off the track. Now where was I P Let's see. Oh yes, about that Little Bourke-street murder. j I got the first of it rather late in the evening at the Dnke. You know the Dnke — all us fellows go there. A good shop it is too, bat I heard it remarked once as being rather a curious thing that a gam bling house should be setup almost next door and tbe head man one of those very coves who gave evidence at that investigation — yes, of course — I know what you mean. Well, I went right off to tackle the job at once. The place I was directed to was called ' tbe grave yard,' on accouut of so many people uaving met their deaths there in the old days before they set up a lock-up on the number seventeen night beat and cleared out the lads. It was a courtyard at the rear of the Colonial Family Hotel, now pulled down, and which place was called the ' Dead House ' for a very perti nent reason. Many a poor devil met his end there in tlie good old digging days, and was never heard of any more. Why I remember when they were demolishing it, an arched apartment off the cellar turned up which showed without a doubt that bodies had been quick, limed there often enough a la Deem ing — no, he didn't use quicklime, did he P But I am digressing. Only yon must remember all these facto. There was a uniform constable in charge at the door, and nothing had been disturbed. A little crowd of the people living in the district had assembled about the place, and these kept constantly shifting, for a murder was not a new thing in those quarters 1 can tell you. Yet somehow there always is an inclination to discuss such things, and the more bloodily horrible the details are the better apparently are they relished. Look at that man Butler, now. Made a hero of. Quite a ladies' man. Just the same with Edward Kelly. The women went cranky over the scoundrel. Tlie man who does the Jack the Ripper business is always an object of in terest, aud everyone is glad when he is turned off, but the well-behaved and discreet person who does tbe thing with a ptomaine or in some similarly artistic fashion, is but a commonplace villain unworthy of public confidence. 1 soon saw that my man was not an artist at the best of it. The position of the body showed that it had been dragged about the room after death. Tuere was no doubt of that,- This woman had had a straggle with the man, and the two had broken tbe furniture a good deal. The table was upset and the chair smashed. A brass candle stick lay in one corner and the candle was squashed under the heel of a boot. The woman's throat had been cut upon the bed. She had been forced back and a pillow thrown over her mouth and held there. Then she had been stabbed and ber throat cat. There was a heavy mass of blood half way up to the pillows and near the centre of tbe bed, showing whei« she had bled the most. The wall was be spattered here, and one pillow bore the marks of bloody fingers. After cutting her throat he had dragged the body over the room, and in all probability was rifling it when he was disturbed by the entrance .of the police. Then be had jumped out of tbe window, and slipping round in the shadow of the yard, had entered the other honse acroBS tbe road whera the woman lived Here he had washed his hands and escaped. It took me a good while to finish my inquiries, but I did so at last and made my report that night. The next morning I made a thorough examination of the place by day light. Now only three persons had been in that room besides the dead woman. One was the murderer, tbe second the constable, and the third myself. I found distinctly four tracks in the blood. My own footprints I recognised of coarse, aud there could be no mistake of those of the constable's nomb'er seventeens, half soled and heeled recently. Why is it that policemen wear recently half soled and heeled boots on night duty P Besides these there was another footprint — that of a strongly shod man wearing broad soled square-toed boots, clumped, and without any nails. That was all well enough, bnt in addition there were the marks of a fourth, very distinct everywhere. Tuese marks were made by a ratber small boot — a number seven I should say — aud were of fashionable build, with long pointed toes. Amongst other things 1 noticed that this per son was the one who had evidently gone as described — out of tbe win dow. He was the murderer then. Just the sort of a man to wear such a boot. Tbe sqaare-soled tracks did not show up near the window, but out by tbe door. Tbey were all distinct enough, or the men had trodden in the blood and then walked on the bare boards, leaving perfectly lined black stains. Outside the door the clamp-soled tracks wore visible again, and upon tbe stairs likewise. That was curi ous, and what was more, there were blood marks upon the railing as though some person with soiled bands bad leant upon it, after emerging from the room and de scending the stairs. And that was the man who wore the clumped soles- I noted everything, not be cause I wanted this part, for I ex pected that it would be easily ac counted for, still it was better to in vestigate thoroughly. The woman distinctly swore that there was no one else but us two iu tbe room, but of course that was of little moment, for in that neighbor hood anyuue might have bliuped into tbe bouse, and on finding out what was the matter, made tracks in a hurry. Yet if as the woman said, she had turned the key upon the man and his victim, how could anyone else have got in unless they let him out p And he went by the window. Bat hold on, Did he go by the window P The marks showed that he had opened it cer tainly, but it was just on (be cards that he may have had a mate, and that would account for the presence of the other footprints if suoh was the case, In the house opposite there were very few signs to guide me, for the rain had washed away all tracks outside, and inside they were mye terions enough. Marks of a per son feeling for matches in a room off the passage or hall, and in tbe outhouse, a kind of scullery, there were plenty of marks, showing where the man had deliberately washed his hands and dried them upon a towel. \ He bad taken his time evidently and was in no hurry at all. Tbe man who had gone there was the murderer. I noticed that there were no marks upon the towel of his having wiped a knife upon it, nor had I found any yet. The room upstairs was a puzzler again. It had been occupied by a woman who had forced open her door to get away. She must have been a fairly strong wench to use tliat heavy iron bar as freely as she had done from the inside, and she mast have been a prisoner. Was she the woman who had been mur dnred, or was there a second womau there P A minute search of this apart ment showed that the occupant was a person who had moved in good company. Tbe clothes were of an expensive pattern, all fashionably out, and the underlinen was of tbe finest. Heavy embroiderery and lace work everywhere, tucks, frills, and expensive fittings. Every article was marked with the letters B. J., the initials of tbe woman, very probably. The hose was fine also, and small. The wearer was a woman evidently not blessed with very large feet, although a woman of good stature and figure to jndge by the shapeliness of the garments. Nothing of importance turned op here and I returned to the other house. ] noticed at once that the deceased was not the owner of those clothes. Her figure, although a fine one, was coarse and heavy, and she wore a large shoe. In the fireplace was a small heap ?f old ashes. There had not been a fire burning there for some con siderable time by the appearance of them and I noticed that the rain bad beaten down the chimney freely. I turned them over with my foot and discovered a large clasp knife covered with dry blood to which the cinder dust was ad hering. It was evidently the one used by the man who had com mitted the murder. A long bladed and brutal looking thing enough, yet somehow hardly the sort of weapon a ' bit of a swell ' would be likely to carry. Yet still a man coming to such a locality as this might arm himself with iust such an article of protection. An exam. ination of the handle, which was of horn, showed the letters J.J. en graved upon an oval silver plate let into the knife. That was strange. The letters on the woman's under wear across the way were B.J. There may or may not have been a connection between them. I went out and found the woman who gave the information to Con stable Stewart. I wanted one or two things cleared up on which I was rather dubious. I found her in bed with a neighbor, she being too frightened to sleep in the house, as she had averred, the constable's presence notwithstand ing. ' The man, you say, was lather tall aud wore a belltopper ?' ' Yes, and a light oversmash and a long ginger mo.' ' Did you ever see him ^in the woman's oompany ?' ' Once or twice.' ' Was it once or twioe ? Twioe is double of once, you know.' 'I can't say. I don't want to be badgered for nothing. I'm a re spectable woman ? ' ' No doubt of it, my dear. But it will save us both a deal of trouble if you just run over a few steady answers. Did the woman live across the way ?' ' How shed I know p I'm not Qeitheir'7 ke6per °r law7er ' Bat dome come, jny good woman I you must b&ve-seeri; her,' I ? Why don't yer answer tbe gentP' I growled a voioe from the wall-side I of the bad, coming from the other I oooupant, a lady who had just I awakened, and who never appeared I to foe the least disconcerted by my I presence, 'yer have given enough I information to scrag the bloke now I and its not no use shinnaniking I about any more.' 1 ?I don't go poking into my 1 neighbors' affairs if yon do. All I I know is as that woman as had her 1 wizen slit come to live here quite j sudden like. She were there one I morning and that's all we knows on. j She never eaid maoh to any of na, j but one day she asln me if she j could meet a friend at ray house j sometimes, and I eaye, says I, 'why can't yer meet him at yer own,' and says she, 'I have my own reasons,' quite serions like ; and I didn't want to know wbat her reasons was. ' And did she meet a friend at your place P' ' She did.' j ' Did yon see him P ' j ' I'm tellin' you. Didn't I give yer his description ? He's the bloke as done for her. Tbey were ' quairelliu' allers. Every time he come they were quarrellin', aud I j wasn't much astonished when he j finished her.' ' Did yon ever hear anything to lead you to suppose she was his wife?1 ' Nothing. Sbe lived over the way, as I tells yon. They kept a slavey girl who cleared a day ago. I never seen no man there.' ' Did she live by herself then f' ' How should I know P I don't go poking ? ' *Wby the devil can't yer anB werf ' growled her bed-mate, 'why the ? can'.t yer tell the gent about tbe other lady upstairs P' ?What other lady?, I asked j eagerly. ' Come, pome now, if I I catch you fooling with me I'll make it worse for yon.' ' Why that handsome lady with the brown hair as stood at tbe win dow looking oat at as. She's gone, sbe is, with her great big eyes staring out of her pale face. I used to th ink she were a ghost sometimes, she looked so strange.' (To be continued.) 