THE GENERAL ELECTION EASTERN SUBURBS. A NOISY MEETING AT CAMBERWELL. Mr A. V. Kemp addressed a crowded meeting in the shire ball, Camberwell, on -.atti: day evening. Mr. Carroll occupied the chair Hie meeting was advertised lo commence at half-past S p in , but the can didate failed to put in an appearance until 0 o'clock In the meantime the meeting had become v cry noisy, and there vv ero loud calls for Mr. Vernon, another of the candi- dates, who was in the hall Mr Vernon, how ever, declined to speak till he was satis ficd Mr. Kemp would not turn up, and he suggested a little patience M hen Mr. Kemp al lived the noise was deafening. 'Hie Chan man caine forward and at- tempted to address the meeting, but amidst much disorder w as told to sit dow ii, w hieb ho unwillingly did An elector ascended the platform and said, "Gentlemen, it maa- be a little out of ordei, but I move that Mr. Kemp is not a fit and proper person to represent this great coiistitucne}." The Clianman.-I rule the motion out of order. Mr Kemp, amidst a great dm, attempted to spenk,- but could not be beard At length there-xv as a lull, and he said-I hope that 3011 will give me an opportunity of sasing what 1 have got to say without in teiruption Messrs Bedford and \ ernon weio m the field as liberal candidate-, but they could not obtain the support of the Liberal and Piotcctionist Association I entered the field as i candidate to obtain the suppoit of the liberal Government ind of the liberal member» 1 have the best possible right to call m5 self the selected liberal candidate, because I have been se- lected on account of mv lovalty to liberalism I am a supporter of the pre scut Government (Applause) I am a thoroughgoing protectionist I am m fi vour of the one adult one vote pimciple (A Voice-"-.re von in favour of laismg the policemen b screw ' ) I am opposed to the totabsator I am opposed to any thing that is a soui co of nepi iclation and ruin to 1113 biothei Australnns-(applause)-and I would never be a partv to 1 state iccog nition of m3 soil oi vice whatever (A A oice- \ou re loo good ' ) One gentleman 1 em ni s that I am too good My only io gict gentlemen, is thai) I um not good enough I nm good enough in this icspect, that I un sci/ed w iib a feel ng of patriotism ind an intense desne to do what I enn (Boohoos ) Good enough to pcasist against all the ittacl s that m3 opponents make against me (Intelruption ) Gentlemen, I will soon be finished-(hear, hear)-and then 3ou can put ans questions sou think fit A Voice -Wh} didn't the candidate come out before, when the othei candidates came out' Mr Kemp -I carne out because neither of those candidates had a ghost of a show After a number of othei questions had been answered, the usual vole was taken MR MADDENS CANDIDATURE The following letter has been recetv ed - Hie idveitisemint in sour issue of the 9th 111st, stating that Mi Trank Midden hld the support of the A ictoiiali Defence League of the 1 astern Subuibs electointi is iiemature, as the leigue has not 30t dealt with the mattei P OSHA.UGIINESY. ' lion Sec Victorian Defence League ' M03 ne, Kew, Oet 9 " TOORAK. Aptopos of the article 111 ' The Argus" of Tuda}, a Toorak elector writes - "I am glad to voice the satisfaction tint is being generally expressed by Toorik electors at the decided feeling that is growing that it is necessary for thom to pul nil but p itnotie considerations aside and vote as a body for eithei Gillies or Bl}ant not ltidiscinnin atel} ns each one s nrebv ldual fancy might lead lum foi the one 01 the other but solidlv for (i particular one, 111 ordet to pi event the chance of Mr Lewis obtaining the scat " HAWTHORN A Hawthorn elector ( B T J ") writes us - "Will you permit me, through your columns to draw the attention of the elec- tors of Hawthorn to the attitude of one of the candidates, Councillor Barbour, to- wards federation? Councillor Barbour re- fuses to promise his support to the Com- monwealth Bill, if finally adopted by the Convention, substantially as it now stands. The inference from this attitude is clear, viz., that he will if returned, make one of those who will risk federation as a whole in the impossible attempt to obtain recog- nition for their own fads." roorscK .Y A departure was made fiom the benton trade of electioneering bv Mr John Han cock, the retiring member for Pootsoia), when ho advertised tint he would speak on Saturday night on "A 1 ew Pleasant Re mail- upon bome Recent Ilostile Press Cn ticisms " Hie meeting was to have been held in the open air on the Mechanics' In stitutc îcsei-vc, Tootsciav, but just before the hour for beginning sharp showers tell, and the speaker und his hearers took îefuge in the Ro}al hall, which was soon pacUed, a fow ladies occupving scats ni the giller} The audience xv is full of expectation for good things - some of the speal or s light touches of wit-but the} weic doomed to disappointment Cnticisin as hist intro dtieeil b} Aii-totle," said Di Johnson 'was meant as a standard of judging well " It would seem, to judge from Mt Hancock's utterances, that in a labour uicmbei cnti cism of one's critics lins risen to a high slmdaid of ibusing xv eil fiom the vei) beginning Mt Hancock vins abusive in the gro-^est bcnse His opponents of the pi ess were ' liais" and wcie guiltv of ' shahbv dntv lobs" Their conduct was of 'the stubbiest mid meanest onlet " Thev con soiled xvith thieves nnd condoned forgenes, lliev 'juggled" people out of their lights poisoned the minds of honest people, mid wilfullv nusrepiesentod speeches 'the people who carne to be amused bv the "plei sant rein tri s" became o\cited Oix ing full j oin to his piston Mr Hancock lashed out widely in nil directions, ni ing up old scan dals and reviling his enemies m lanetiage winch even die« from the excited audience eues of ' That '11 do, Jacl," and ' Diop it theie Jack" The warning fell unheeded, and tile speaker laged on DANDENONG AND BERWICK "We have received the following letter: - "Will you kindly permit us to announce lo the electors of Dandenong and Berwick tint tho support of the Berwick branch of the Free-trade League, comprising elec- lois m Berwick, Narre Warren, Harkaway, and Dandenong, has been unanimous]} nt coi tied to Mr John Keys, not so much with the xiew of sccurine a i eprosentntix c will ing to advocate and suppoit n gradual le -notion of existinc duties, as lo secure one pledged to abolish the stock tax, nnd to support the all important uuoslioii of fede rai ion xvith intercoloni ii free trade We wish to lal e this opportunity of impressing on tho electors Hie importance of promnt and organised action, ni oidet to save this electorate from being "nee act un nincticallv nnrenreientcd in the Victorian Pnrhnmcnt -We are -&c.;, Alex. B. Bennie, M. A., pre- sident, James Gibb J.P., vice president; Edward A. S. Vieusseux, hon. secretary." GIPPSLAND NORTH. HEYFIELD, Tuda) Mr W _ Tohnston held n most success fill meeting here this evening in the Me chames' Institute, which was ctowdcd,to exec- The bree nmlicnre npplnudcd'tlie candidnto's nddiess throughout At its conclusion n mimi-i of questions were asked, nnd satisfactorily answered BOURKE WEST BACCHUS MARSH, Saturdnv Thirlx of the most influent'ii electors of tlus district met nt the Bolder Inn today and offered their services ns a woiking com nut lee to secure the return of Mi S T Staughton Strong committees hnve been fonued in nil pnrts of the electorate. CLUNES AND ALLENDALE. CLUNES, Saturday. Mr. Peacock, when nddre<_sing the electors at Clunes, added to his speech nt Allendale hy refer- ring to the fact that when first elected for'the constituency ho hod only recohed Ï7 votes in Clunes. Since then, however, he had been re- turned nt every election without opposition. Ills political career justified this, but ho had expected opposition this time. He had, therefore, put away £100 for his election expenses, believing that Hhould be miincicnt. Kot being opposed, he would dc\ote that Kum to the public institution» OÍ* the electorate, nnd .would nllooato.it as follows: Clunes Hospita], £20: Creswick Hospital (seeing tint it wna more used by his Allendale constitu- ent^ than the Clunes institution), £20: Clunes Lidies' nonevolcnt Society, £5; Allendale Itelief Tund, £5; Allendale Worn-out Miners" Fund. £5; Clunes Free Library, £5; Allendale Free Library, £5; Clementston Free Library, £2; Ullina Tree Library, £1. The remaining £31 he would apportion among the state and Catholic schools on the bUHla of their attendance* Sir, Peacock also said It had been iumourcd that he Intended next election to "go" for a metropolitan electorate He would, however, stick to Clunes end Allendale as long as the} would have him but if the} rejected bim he would have no cliffl cult} whatever in getting another »oat TONIGHT'S MEETINGS ALBERT PARK-Mr White, nt Palmerston Hotel, Palmerston crescent 8, Mr Ashworth at Weslevnn feehoolrooni Cirdigan place, 8, Mr Utz gerald, ot the Carmelite hall. Middle park, 8 BOUIÍKL LVST- Vlr Harper nt State Behool, Xlickleliam, 4 3J, Campbellfield Hotel 7 80, Glen roj Public lull, 8, Mr Gah- meets Wallan commit tee 7 30 * BRIGHTON -Mr Moule, at the East Brighton Public hall, 8 COI IIXOVV OOD -Mr Brazlov it Town hill, 8, Mr Wilkins nt Osborne hall Uellington street 8, it Willou Tree Hotel Vere street, 9, Mr Wardc, at Iorestcrs hall, Smith street, 8. DVNDENONG nnd BERWICK-Mr Woodhouse, nt the loiin hall, Dandenong, S LVIFR VXD HILL -Mr T Smith, Mountain and ina streets, 715, Park street S 30, Mr llnrtlcv, at Nelson roid and Park et-cet, 8 I xSrrrp, SLB-RHS - Mr Bcclett, nt the Cam bcnvell Shire hall, 8 Mr Madden at the hew Recreation hill S Mr hemp nt Rechabite hall, Burwood 7 30, at Golding s hall Cinterliurv, S 30 Mr Bedford, at Tv rone Hotel, Hartnell, 7 80, at -linbcrw-l Hotel, 8 30 EVST BOURKE BOROUGHS -Mr Hcnnessj, it the Shire hail, Coburg S Mr Hall at Town hall, \oithcoto, 8, Mt llickfoid at Unies building" Coburg, 8, Sir Graham Berri, at l\\- t Bruns wick, 8 11TZR01 -Mr Grlgg, George and Charles streets, 8, Napier and Kerr streets 8 15 1SSENDON nnd TI LMISGTON -Mr Bishop, Lincolnshire hall, North Le endon, 8, Crass Kel J Hotel, 0 1 OOTSCR W-Mr Ross nt Ronl lull 8 Mr Street at Derlnm's rcllnioiigerx, noon, nt Brown's Hill, 8 1OLIVI0NT mid WLST RICHMOND-Mr Baker, nt lolimont roid, 7 30 at I an_ovviie street nnd Victoria piride 8 30, Mr Bill«on, nt the Powlett street Onler!> room, 8, Mr link at tlic Parade Hotel, Wellington parade, 7 15, nt Kingston Hotel, Highett street, 0 15 Ml LBOLR\r- Mr Downes Cnrtcr, nt the Old r-linugc Collin' «troet, 4pm, Mr Curtain, at St Patrick a Hall, S MELBOURNE EAST- Mr Zox, at Kendall's Repository, Brunswick street, 8, Mr Langton, nt tlie Hiberninn hill, 8 MLLUOURNE SOUTH-Mr Tucker, in Rnglan street, 8, Mr Hall Owen, Clark and Hancock ttrcets 8 15 Ml LBOUItNE NORTH - Mr Prendergast I rskine and Abbotsford streetB, 8, Mr Watt, at Parkville 8, Cntchouse street, 8 MI-BOURNE WLST-Mr Tait, nt Adderlcv and Stanley street-, 8, Qucensberr} and Dryburgh streets, 0 PR MIRAN-Mr Mackinnon, nt Town li ill, 8, Mr Mnx-vvcll, Union nnd St David street? 8 lort stree,t 0, Mr King, at Aliena Hotel, Duke street, v\lndcor RICHMOND-Mr Gedge, at Rivers and Crown streets, 7:45; in Burnley-street, 9. bOUTH \ARItA- Mr Rogers, nt Lord Bnssev Hotel, Mills») n street 8, Mr Heide nt South x.arri Hall C, Mr lliclurd-n, nt toorak nnd. Tivoli reids, 8 30 TOOK Mv- Mr Gillies, nt tie 1 lstcrnvv ick hall, S, Mr Lewis, nt the Shire hal!, Malvern, 8, Mr Br} mt, nt the Annadale hall, 8 