GOOD THURSDAY VERSUS' GOOD FRIDAY. I FROM THE MURRAY INDEPENDENT. One of the most vivid remetu- 1 lirances we retain is that of hearing Charles Bradlaugh lecture in the Free Library, Norwich, on the " .Discrepan cies and Contradictions of Scripture." One - of the contradictious noted on that occasion is the one created, not bw S/>rintnrf> hnt hv the church's insistence in maintaining and observing j Friday as the day on which Christ was crucified. Christ is distinctly reported as saying, in Matt, xii., 40, " As Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the Son of Man j be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth." So also, in Matt, xxvii., 63, Christ says: " After three days I shall rise again." Were these words, which were given as a distinct preof of His divinity, fulfilled? If He was crucified on Friday, as commonly held, then they certainly were not tulnllea. u at tnree ociock in ids afternoon of Friday He gave up the I ghost, and early on Sunday He was I alive and absent from the tomb, then 1 He could not have been in the grave j more than thirty-six or thirty-eight hours at most. He certainly was not rlfiTTQ nnrl t.Viraa niorlit.S III I vision ; heart of the earth, nor can it be said that it was " after three days" that He rose again. Now what is there to j warrant one holding Friday as the day on which Christ was crucified ? There seems to be really no evidence what ever. In fact, what evidence there is is decidedly against it and in favor ot Thursday. It is true that tradition ; it is true that the Roman, and Greek, | and Lutheran churches, hold to and observe Good Friday as a day of humiliation and prayer. But even tradition and custom in a point of this kind are not always trustworthy nor conclusive. It might not be worth while raising the question but that the traditional idea seems opposed to Scrip ture, and affords the enemies of Chris tianity a powertul otqection to tin- 1 veracity of Christ and the consistency I of Holy Writ. The tradi ional idea I makes it impossible to account for the | days of the Passion Week, and leaves | the Wednesday entirely a blank. Butl the scripture narrative itself flows on without any break whatever. On the Sunday there was the triumphal entry into Jerusalem. On the Monday Christ again visited the metropolis- and .the temple, and confronted the rabbis. On the Tuesday He entered the temple for | the last time, when He denounced the llerodians and Pharisees, commended the poor widow who cast in her tiny mite, &c.; On the Wednesday the two fl?«5r»inlaQ wAri fifinh intn t.liA ftifcv t,n prepare the passover ; at eventide Jesus sat down to the feast, washed His disciples' feet, and then left for Geth- semane, to be betrayed and arrested. Thursday morning He was brought before the high priest, Pilate, ami Herod, condemned and crucified. In the evening His body was taken down from the cross by Joseph, and placed in the sepulchre On Friday the Marys bought and prepared spi ;S for em- 1 balming the body, but no' jeing ready | before sunset they deferred the work | till after the Jewish Sabbath. That I Friday, evening a guard was set to | watch the sepulchre. Next day (Satur- 1 day) being the Jewish Sabbath, here was rest. Then on our Sunday morn- 1 ing, " the first day of the week," before j dawn, the Saviour arose, and appeared I unto Mary Magdalene, then to two disciples going to Emtnaus, and to the eleven disciples Thus arranged, each day of Passion Week can be accounted for, and there is nothing in Scripture | to disprove this order of events. There j is no difficulty, in fact, save when w<\- 1 come to Scripture with our precon- ceived notion and attempt to make the | divine order square with the traditional | idea. In support of our contention I that Christ was crucified on Thursday. | there is strong evidence given by the | evangelist of the journey to Einranus. The disciples speaking concerning their absent Loid say (Luke xxiv., 21 , : I "B-side all i his, "today is the third day siuce these things were done." Taking the traditional day, how do the three days work out ? If Christ was crucified on the Friday, then Saturday would be the first day, Sunday the second day, and Monday " the third j day since these hings were done." As the conversation took place " i hat same day" that Christ arose, the resurrection must have bee.n on the Monday and not on Sunday " the first day of the week." But if, as it is here main tained, Christ was crucified on the Thursday, then Friday will lie the fit-si' day, Saturday the second, and Sunday the " third day" after the sad event,, as the Emtnaus pilgrims affirmed. Per haps one of our gravest errors to-day as Christians is that, of putting forth for revelation and Christianity claims which they never make for themselves, and we hold this traditional idea of Good Friday is one of them. 