A GERMAN WEAVING I VILLAGE. An intelligent correspondent has written an account of hi-r visit to a Httla- knawn district of Germany, from which we take the following: — About 200 miles irom tho German capital, in tho. uorthern part of the provinco of Silesia, there is a lino of low bills' called the Haystack Mountains. Scattered among these bills, some* time* iu villages and, again in' detached and isolated/log cabins, aro to bo found about 2,000. peoplo, who arc called tbe Hunger-Menscjien— human beings who nover have enough to eat. Their business is hand-loom weaving, and it bos been cariied on so long on starvation wages that their bodies bavo shrunk and dwindled until tho anthropologist may almost classify them as a separate species of the human family. Moat of these weavers live in the little county of Glutz, but a few hours' rido from Bi eslau, and Gold bach . is tbo Schaiidfieck or shame spot of Germany. It w«s a cold, rainy April morning that Rjborg and I climbed from Reiuerz to tho broad plateau on which the miserable littlo hamlet is situated. In about 30 minutes of stiff olimbing we rtuched the top, and Goldbach lay before us. Its low cabins were strung along both sides of tho roadway for usarly half a milt, aud even from wbtre we stood we could hear the monotonous click-clack of tbe long line of looms. Some little children ran into tho cabins to make known our arrival. Tho click-clank' stopped for a moment, and ghost-like faces peered out of the windows. - Such withered humnnboingsl bad never seen beforo. Their eyes ; wero suukeu mitt dull, aud tbo skin on their faces when not .sickly white was of a dingy yollow hue. They looked out upon us bewildtreo, and then fell back to ihtir looms, and the click-clack began afresh. We wau der ed on to tbe end of tbe hamlet and then back to tho inn, and tba ouly living creatures we saw were the children and the faces iu tho window. There was not a hor«e or dog any wbero in sight, and the impression the little village gave us was that of an isolated settle ment, chut off from human sympathy and even deserted by the domestic animals, Herr Sammek, tbe mayor, was a wrinkled little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his face wbich I bad nob noticed among the other villagers. It couies, I faucy, from the wearying elorts to collect village taxes. He was anxs-u§ that jve should have his official statement of the ease.. Gold bach, he said, was the poorest place m tbo entire district. Thero are nearly u hundred weavers in tbe village, nud they just barely exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages far ther to the west the weavers have always had the alternative of workiug in tho woods or at their looms as tbey chose, and they are conse quently belter situate'd. In Goldbach, however, this choice has uever existed, and tbe villagers aro now so weak and unaccustomed to out-door labour that tbey simply cannot uudertako it. All that .they are capable of is a little wurk in their gardens and weaving, and the com petition with machines is. so great that their cloth must be sold at tbe very lowest prices. Tho Government in 1852 bought the land in Goldb&ch; and resold it to tho weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay five matks a year on bis lot till the debt was cancelled. Before that time the village bad been in the hands of lurye land propiietors, and it was purchased from thorn in the hope that personal ownership of -house and garden would give the weaver a now impetus to work. Had tbero betu enough work for them this hope, no doubt, would have been realised, but baod-loom weaving is ho little in- demand to-duv that thn lots are still unpaid for. The average annual income of a family of eight persons is not more than 400 markc, or lest- than £20. This is aup* posed to cover all expense?, aud it is not hard to uuderstaud why there are so many mortgages. The matu kinds of wenvin^ done in Goldbach are shirtings, handkerchiefs, sheet?, and ticking.' A middleman, living in Keinerz, furnishes the raw sfculfs, and then buys the cloth at a valua tion agreed upon beforehand. The Govern ment has also had some work done hero, but as it usually wants towels for the army, acd the weavers aro too weak to do such heavy wearing, tbe middlemau is the main employer. If there is a flaw in the cloth returned to bim it is uot paid for, and a case is known where a woman worked two weeks on some sheetings aud all payment for the elotliR delivered was refused because of some little mistake. Tbo bill of fare in the village varies a littlo in tbe different cabins, but in the main it consists of rye coffee, rye bread, and meal. A queer mixture of dough and meal is the favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are eaten when cheap enough. Most of the weavers have I littlo gardens where they raise all the vegetables ' they can, but their lots are so small that they | havo uo room for large crops. Their potatoes give out very early iu the winter. Meat is sel- 1 dom seen. Herr Sammcek baa it once a week, but he earns au extra 150 matks a year for bis public services, and can afford it. The others gut a taste of it once in aix months. The greater part of the weavers in Goldbach are blood kindred, aud married couples are fre queutly first cousins, but malformed childreu are turprisingly rare. Nearly zvhty household has at least four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. 1 asked Herr Pahl, as he had remarked upon the fact, how he accounted for it. He shook hix head doubtfully, and at first did not seem t;- havo auy explanation to give, but ho fiually ?aid, u Na ! the air helps a littlo !' Wheu tbe chitdrcu begin to weave, however, tho life soon tells ou them, and if they keep it up thsy grow thin and weak. As soon as a child cau turn the crunk of the spooling machine he ia enlisted into the ser vice, aud has almost as mauy hours of toil as his pnrenta. At five o'clock, summer and winter, ho must be up aud doiug, and after the few hours at school and play, he works on into the night with his elders. I asked Herr Sara mok if ho did not think tho older people would be strong if they worked out of doors a little— on farms for example. 44 We have tried it,' ho replied, 'but we are too thin blooded. Eveu in summer, if the wind blows hard, wo shiver as you do iu winter, and no farmer will take us.' ' But could you not go iuto factories p' A look i of despair came into his fuce. ' It is the same thing there,' he answered. 'If we ask a manufacturer for work, ho says we cau't do enough. You see we lack the atreugth to run the big mxchiues, aud in factories they wi-ut pe.ople that can work hard. No ; all thut we cau do is to weave.' In auswer to au inquiry why there is so littlo work, ho said that the factories controlled tho market-, aud it was only by working cheaper tbau factory hands that homo weavers were abjc to find any work ut all. There is also % preiudice, he said, ncainst hand loom cloth. Early iu tbe afternoon wo started out ou our rottud of tho cabins. The first ono belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been n weaver ever since her eighth year. I bad heard that sbo took part in the revolution. ' Oh, that was a terrible time,' she paid, hold- | iug her linger againbt her tiosu in a characteris tic German way. *' We had only grass to eat theu. 1 rumcmbor my mother seuding ine out many a night to cut grass and dandelions for the evening soup. 1 waiu't in tbe rcvolutiou mynelf, but iny lover was. Ho novor came back ? ' And tho poor old soul begau feeling arouud in thu threads of tho loom. uOh,yes; it's much better uow/' she continued. ' Wo have bread every day, and you can't starve on that, can you ?' We called next on llerr Pah), as he had naked us to tako his picture. Wo fouud bim' waiting for us on his doorstep, and as we entered the cabin be picked up a sore-eyed skeleton-looking baby, saying, 'Geutlemen, this is my eloventb.' We saw b.it six children, and asked whero the rest were. 44 In tbo grave yard,' bo returned, and I fancied that I saw a look - of thankfulness ou bis faco. 'Idou't want . charity,' .ho explained, 44 but I do think they might give mo work. If I had enough to do I could feed my obildfen on bread at least, but now I can't earn over three marks a week. That's tbo reason tbe othor children died. They weren't siek— no one gets sick here— thoy just got thinner And thinner aud withered away.' At all of tbo other cabins we beard practically the same story. The looms were alwajs click ing, and tbo children were 'either spooling or peeling potatoes. 