THE CUSTER MASSACRE. It was in January 1876 that Gens. Custer, Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against the Sioux in Montana. At Rosebud on the Yellowstone, Terry estab- lished a camp and Custer kept on the search for redskins. Crook was detained in another direction, which left Custer with a small force of men. Old sitting Bull was the medicine man of the Sioux and gave them advice as to what they should do. On June 25, Custer struck Sitting Bull's trail and followed it into the Little Big Horn valley. Custer expecting a battle detached Major Reno with seven companies to cross the Little Big Horn river, and attack the enemy from the west. Custer dashed off to the right, Reno was on the left and Benteen in the centre. Custer soon disappeared in the valley and immediately after Reno and Benteen were surrounded by Indians, and for 24 hours they fought desperately against over- whelming odds. While Reno and his men were battling for their lives they heard firing in the direction taken by Custer. It only lasted a few minutes and then ceased. Then Terry arrived from the Yellowstone camp and Reno's com- mand was saved. The Indians had all dis- appeared before Terry arrived. A search was then made for Custer. He was soon found dead with his men. Major Reno was tried by Court Martial for failing to support Custer. He was a ruined man, but there have always been doubts as to the justness of his punishment, for it is thought by many that Reno did well to save his command from massacre. And many people were not slow in blaming Gen. Custer for dashing into the trap he did, when by a little strategy he might have given battle to the reds and inflicted a severe punishment upon them. But he waited for no one and some who know him well say that his desire to win all the glory for Custer, led him to charge the enemy instead of waiting for Reno. But, who can tell ? Custer died and not one of his brave band was permitted to escape to tell the history of that charge. Such is the brief history of the Custer massacre. It is many years now since that desperate charge was made by General Custer, and during those years I met with men who had visited the Custer battle field I also met a number of Sioux who were in the battle, and from differ- ent sources I picked up all the information I could in relation to the massacre. Some years ago I met Frank Yates, an Indian agent. Frank had a brother in the 7th Cavalry (Custer's regiment) who died by Custer's side. When I saw Yates he had charge of old Rain- in-the-Face, a chief who took the lead in the Custer massacre. Rain-in-the-Face was the Indian who, after the battle, cut out Tom Cus- ter's heart, and bit a piece out of it. Tom Custer was a brother of Gen. Custer, and when Rain-in-the-Face cut his heart out he was ful- filling a vow. Some time before the Sioux went on the warpath, Tom Custer had struck Rain- in-the-Face for some trivial matter. The old Indian looked him in the face and said : " Tom Custer, I will cut your heart out for that some day." He kept his vow, Gen Custer's body was not mutilated, and his death was sudden for he was shot in the head. Another story of the massacre which was told to me by Yates, who got it from the Indians, was that of a soldier who was with Custer when they charged the Indians. When this soldier saw that they were in a trap, he wheeled his horse and dashed away toward the open valley. Several Indians fol- lowed him and he finally gave up all hope and drawing a pistol he shot himself in the head. The Indians declared to Yates that the soldier had a better horse than any of theirs and that they were just going to give up the chase when they saw the fleeing man shoot himself. But let us not call it battle, for it was simply a massacre. Lately there has been a number of stories published in regard to Custer, and among them is one related by a soldier who was left behind with Benteen when Custer started off to find Sitting Bull. This soldier says that he was one of the first men to reach the Custer battle field, and from the signs which he saw he came to the conclusion that Custer and his men were not given a chance to strike one blow The men lay in rows upon the ground and they had evidently fallen together. They rode into the very group of the Indians, who were concealed not fifteen feet away when they poured a volley into the little band which literally melted away like smoke before a breeze. Custer's cavalry, the Seventh regiment, was always the bitterest foe of the Sioux. The Seventh had harassed the Indians for years and the Indians were glad of a chance to wipe out a third of the entire regiment. Years after when the ghost dancing began, and the Sioux war broke out at Pine Ride agency the Seventh was again sent into the field to face their old foes, and it was then the old Seventh came very near being annihilated. The regiment was surrounded and actually being overwhelmed by numbers when the Eleventh arrived and saved the old regiment. And the regiment which came to the rescue was a negro regiment. Recent surveys show that one-sixth of the State of Oregon, something over 10,000,000 acres, is covered with dense forests, A species of minute Brazilian spider spins webs so fine that it takes 4,000 of them twisted together to equal the diameter of a human hair. The mortality among cattle at sea resulting from cruelty, want of water, &c.;, was formerly put down at sixteen per cent., while at the present time it is one per cent. " What kind of paper is best for making kites, pa ?" '' Fly-paper, my son." Temperance Lecturer : " Friend, how can me stop the sale of liquor ?" Inebriate (in the rear of the hall) : " Give it away." Young Mistress : " Bridget, you haven't given fresh water to the gold-fish." Bridget : " No, miss ; they ain't drunk wot they had already." " And the world's a stage, Sam, and the men and women merely players." " Yes, massa ; but if dat's so, where you goin' for to get yer audience and orchestry." 