FREE LOVE COMMUNITY Public attention has again been called to an undesirable religious association calling them selves '""The Sanctified Church" or "The Sanctified Band," 'by an attack made by indig' nant citizens on a colony of them on the banks of the Chowan River,, near Montrose, North Carolina. The fight, which occurred some days ago, resulted in the death' of one woman and the -wounding of -several -men, some of them serl ously. . - " The Sanctified Church " is one of the most- peculiar religious organisation in' the-world,! ' and is the only one of the sort in America. The teachings of the leaders are repugnant- to- American ideas and American customs, and the law has several times inter fered to stop tho evil practices - done under the cloak of religion. The Albemarle ' section of -North Carolina is ailed with various colonies, all members of the general organisa tion of the " Sanctified Band." They live in boats, which they call arks. ' Constructed of rough lumber, these arks are merely house- busts, with neither sails, oars, nor other means of locomotion. Sometimes they are dragged up on the bank when it Is decided te make a pro tracted stay. When launched again- the ark drift around unless some passing boatman 'gives it a cable and tows it to some other town or landing. At more than ene town tho inhabit ants of these arks have been told.' either by a delegation of citizens or the officers of the law, that they must move, and a refusal to hoist anchor has resulted in war. The srks vary is size, bat they are all. the ssme. Ia one end is a small room containing a oooking -stove and kituken utensils. Here the food for the inh.bitsuti of the-crstt; is-pro- pared. Adjoining is a larger room used alter- ' nately as a dining-room and meeting-place, where public and private worship is conducted. In the other end of the boat is another larger room used as a sleeping apartment. No privacy is given the occupants, and they sleep together, regardless 'of sex, age, or relationship. The public are freely admitted into the kitchen and assembly room, but no one is allowed to eater the sleeping apartment except those who are " sanctified." It is a sort of holy of holies re served for the exclusive use of members -of 'tho band. The discipline of the Sanctified Church teaches that no one can go to heaven until he or she has become sanctified in body as well as in spirit. This sanctification " takes place instantly, and it not a matter of growth, and it renders tho " sanctified '' persons incapable of sin. This is explained as meaning that nothing that a " sanctified " person dona is or o.n be sinful. Ante which would lie wrong in the uusanatiSed an perfectly propw when committed by those who have been purified by this sanctifiutian preceev. f hey assert that a civil marriage is ao marruge.and tbat a sanctified person csuast dwell with the iinsauuliiied. "This Icgip' hsa caused husbands tu deurt wives aqd wivmi to desert huebaudr, aud the teaching of it has been tho osuse of the attacks, mado on "tba sanctified hands" by the dwellers in the towns (ho bands havo visited. The Sanctified Church had its origin eight years ago on Cliincteague Island, Anaanwa Counter, Vs, Joseph Barnard Lynch, the nahest man en tho ial.uil, claimed to have been visited by an angel during a trance, and to 'ban bean told that he was " sanctified." He. began publishing.his doctrine, and .soon had a nnmk.r of followers. Another regulation of the tiaaot- Bed Church ia the system of having "fellows watohmoo." This regulation roqnirea eaol. male member and tho wife of another member daily to " watch and pray." Single women are not allowed to become " fellow watchmen.' " Tho Sanctified Band " is a free love society- Ignorant Men and Women. Evou those who were most bitterly opposed to tbe doings of the " sanctified band " went to their meetings out of curiosity. If they had wives or children they came away with curses it not, they deported with' laughter and went again. They were first amused, then inter ested, and lastly converted. Three weeks ago things came to such a pass that the residents of Ghowan county made up their minds that they could stand it no longer. Word 'was passed around that a movement was to be made against tho » Sanctified Band." A great re- rival meeting was scheduled by the "Sanctified Band," for Friday evening. Wood -was gathered for ' watch fires " and placed in great heaps ou tho margin of tho forest behind tbs arks. . Tho oouvntpd families living iu tho region round about gathered at the spot' early in the eveuiug. Tim grassy plots wen full of quiet groups, discussing sin aad sinctittcaiion, the weather, and tbe pcaeut crop. Shortly alter sunset there arose a soft hand-clapping In an open space near the shore sad of one of the arks. Immediately every member of the band I allied round Ilia leader, a 1st, dumpy man, with a full moon face, and pretty sncn the air resounded with a cnrrF poppiug chorus of hand claps, it reminded uon forcibly of the calisthenics of a kindergarlea. It was ent applause, but a sort of preliminary ballalujak. Bight in the midst uf it all there came tho esund ot a horso gaUopiug along tho dim trail leading from the upload, tho crush of swinging brauches, arid a broad hatted young farmer, a late convert, dashed into the, firelight, shout- ing, " Clar out, you'uus ; the onbelievers is comin'. They'll be hyur in an hour.and they're comin' a shootin'." . Did Joseph Lynch and his. sanctified band flinch ? Not a bit of it. When did ever a fauatin flinch at the approach of tho gaUopiug ghost on the white horse ? Faces went pale, nod teeth were, set, bat that was ail. ' Tho Lord's wtit bo done !" said end. " God cava us I" cried auotber. Hntf n dozsa men began to put oubtlie firf.-s.Thc aonu-n'snd children ran to the erics, Tho sight families living over in the piuo fists hustled lute tbnir waggons and rattled away into the woods. Whea everybody wrs oa board tho srks tho four hnui.likr. struc tures were unmoored, and pulled slowly and Isbeoausly into the stream until they worn fltty yards from tho shore Here the aucbors were oast, and the sauotiflod buod waited for tba worst. Tho women wore atlirat sunt into tho rooms au the river side of tho arks. . Tfaon as tune poswld on without iooident. confidence .was restored, and tho members of the " Sanotifiod Band ' resumed their accustomed places. At the same timo a dozen or more oieu kept watch, While tho others slept. Those men crouched slung the little gangways at the sides of tho atks as quiet es death, insido they cauld buar uu ocoasioual fragmentary prayer ' from seme af the women. On the oast liuiig the dork wall of forest with tho moon flouting above it iiko a silver hall. Tho wlitp-uoor-willii wero crying to osch other in the dork just as they bad called ernry night since the arrivul uf the arks, It was psst midnight, und .the watchers psro aboul to turn in. "I guess it's all a mistake," said uae ef them. At that instant from - the foreit there same tbe sound of breaking: twigs and tbo murmur uf voices. Dark forma fiittsd along the shore in the moon-laced shadows. There were smatbered exclamations uf aurprieo and disappointment. Then, after a brief, pause, there came the rattle slid crash of firearm's epd the loud shrieks aad. cries at startled women end ohiidreu. Tbe bullets name ripping through the sides of the ark without cessation. Thsa somebody— a woman, evidently— struck up a song. It wse — 1 will sriss and go to Jesus, He will embrace inc in His actus ; Iu the srms of my detr Saviour, Oh, there ure tea Ihoussnd oharais. The ooog died away iu a groan, Thcfusfe lade ceased. Raucous cries', curses, mud- threat were beard' from tbe river bank. Then silence foil, save for a sound of mourning in tbo arks —a wail of prayer and of weeping. The Caro- lina Regulators had paid the first instalment of their resentment in blood and death, and one of the best known of Joseph Lynch's women converts had paid the penalty or conversion with her life. , She was the Patty Watkins of the " Sanctified Band," so far as singing and enthusiasm went, and great was the grief among tho converts at her sudden death. Yet, not a word was said in bitterness against those who had killed her save that they were " pass sinners and onbelievers," 