THE CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL By RIHIiARD MARSH. [ALL I'TOirrs IiESeraVoD.] SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. The opening chapters of the story are narrated by Mr. Thomas Tennant, Lon don, -Stock and Share Broker. Tennaint, lobo. is a good natured"' man,,. shith irresolute in a crisis, is attacked by an adventuross named Ellen IHowth, while the two are travelling In a com partment on the London Brighton Railway. Tennant is acquainted with EIan scareer. in the past, and the woman, fearful lest he should prove an awkard obstacle in her path, up braids him so savagely that he on deavours to leave the compartment while the train is in motion. She tries to prevent bini, and in her struggle loses her grip on Tennant who has opened the door in his effort to escape-and falls out. A strong wind is blowing, and ere Tennant can recover from the first horror of the situation the door is violently slammed, the glass shivered, and the unfortunate man's face badly cut. Instead of raising the alarm, the man's irresolu tion is his ruin. He remains terror stricken in the carriage until it reaches the nearest station, where he is confronted by an adventurer, who from the next compartment has over heard the quarrel between the stock broker and the woman who has, in reality, fallen out. This individual, who is a "blackmailer," has, it appears, 'been employed to trace out a missing lheiress known as Louise O'Donnel, and he starts forthwith to make what capital he can by holding a veritable Sword of Damocles over the head of the nerve-shaken Tenmant. In suc ceeding chapters Reginald Town send, a handsome "man about town," is introduced, and it becomes apparent he is in some manner mixed up with the fate of the missing Louise O'Donnel. Tennant, horrified at the position in which he finds hinmself, en deavours to drown rcmnlimbrance of it in a round of gaiety, but his dissipa tion is brought to a termination by his seeing what he believes to be the ghost of the dead woma n. During th 1 illness that follows he confeeses all to his devoted wife, who c:-nfronts and disconcerts the mimportunate Ll i k mailer, who is constantly demanding "hush" money from her husband. The scene shortly afterwards turns to the meeting house of a number of aristo cratic scoundrels who have formed an institution called "The Murder Club," and Reginald Townsend is one of the leading lights. At the gathering Townsend relates the details of a mur der he has committed nes' the "Three Bridges" on the Brighton railway line, the motive being "the honour of the Club." In the meanwhile Tennant is arrested for murder, and the plot thickens. The interest now beings tobe come centred in the doings of Reginell Townsend, who, despite his innate vil lainy, is in outward manner a very attractive man. He becomes engaged to Dora Jardine, an heiress, and for a time the story departs from the sur roundings of the unfortunate Ten nant, and an insight is given into the career of Townsend. The interest in the "Three Bridges Murder" becomes general, and all London is astir about it. A second meeting of the "Murder Club" is held, and Townsend is shown by Pendarvon, one of the members, a secret road of escape from the gather ing room should the police effect an entrance. The second drawing for"the honour of the Club" is made, and the murderous number is secured by Archie Beaupre. Then the scene changes to Archie's rooms, where a most graphic description of a gambling bout is given. 