A STORMY PASSAGE. \----+- BAD WEATHER IN BASS STRAITS. ANXIOUS MOMENTS ON THE COOGEE. Our sporting representative, "Pa ke't," who travelled to Melbourne to attend the V.R.C. spring meeti:g and exemen's carnival on behal'. of the "Examiner," writes as follows:--The good steanmer Coogee, at eleven o'clock on Friday night, landed several hundred limp, ghost-like human bebings on the Melbourne wharf; all heartily glad tO: set their felet. nce o more utpon terra firma. .The vessel left ite wharf at Launceston at 2.30 p.m. on Thurs day, and rude Boreas was then making his presence so manif?i ei -that passen gers made uip their minds for .a rough trip. A strong wind was blowing, and not from the right quarter. The river in the more exposed reaches was par ticularly disturbed, and when the Straits were enteread the trouble for the "most of us began in earnest. The pas senger list was an unusually lengthy one, and many had to wa!'t unt?l shake downs were arranged, but the chief steward and his a?sistants were ener getic and a·ten:tive, sol it was not long before the sea- sick ones-and there were very many-were made as com fortable as circuamstances would per mit. A strong W.N.W.wind was blowing, with a particularly nasty sea, so Cap tain Carrington wisely resolved to keep along the Tasmanian coast, ins?sead of sending the steamer against it, and probably courting disaster. As the night advanced the gale grew? stronger, and the screw was continually out of the waster, until at length. the: vessel was eased, and for eight hours prac tically hove to. The; seas were! mlotun tainous at-times, and the decks fre quently washed, the water breaking well up on the funnel. The cap;a.!n., who kept on the bridge thnzughout the night, had a particularly un pleasant experience, and narrowly escaped injury from the effects of a huge wave which broke over the steamer. When daylight came 'the aspect was still very uninviting, the sea high and the wind blowing strongly. "Are we near Port Phillip Heads ye:l?" was the query from a hun dred blanched lips, a:nd weary sighs of resignation went up as the answer came back-"No, we are hardly off the Tasmanian ccast, and may not be at Melbourne bedore? to-morrow morning." However, as the morning wore ona things improved a little, and the Coo gee was put on her cours,. gotimg ahead like 'the staunch little boat she is. The water was still troubled, and to thrse who 'had not their "sea legs" a walk on deck meant danger. In descend ing from the bridge Mr. Levey, the well-known commercial traveller, was, through a lurch of the vessel, thrown heavily cn his back, and rendered hors de ccmbat for the rest of the plssage, his injuries causing him in tense pain, and necessitating the at tendance of Dr. Drake. There were very few of the passengers who were no't sea-sick, even old, seasoned ocean travellers succumbing. Amongst those, however, who came th'n:tdgh unscathed was the veteran DeaI Conmsell, who was on his way to take part in the oere monies in connection with the opening of the recently completed portions of St Patricks Cathedral. In connection with these proceedings. I might men tion that the; Dean will const'tute an InterestIng figure, he having taken part in the first pontifical high mass cele brated in Melbourne in St. Frano:s's so far back as 1849. However, to return to my subjeot. Once on her course. the Coogee made excellent progress, at 6.30 o'clock in the evening Cape: Sehanek being signalled, and at 7.15 Port Phillip Heads were entered, the vesesl berthing at the whart at eleven o'clock, the rough weather having ?a tained her upwards of twelve. hours. Her rate of speed, oncecircusmstan?nes were favourable, may be gauged from the fact that she covered the distance whence she signalled Cape Schanck to the Heads-17 miles-in an hour and a quarter. During the trying experiences the C(kgee behaved admirably, and Maessra. Huddart, Parker, and Co. have every reason to be proud of their good little .vdrsesl, and "satisfied with her oflicers and crew. Pricr to reatching. Mel bourne Captain Oarrington was invited to lihe social hall, where the passengers had assembhcd, and where, after a few preliminary remarks, Mr. Blackie read the following address: "The passengers on board the Coo gee, having emerged from what has admii'tedly been onis of the roughest and most trying trips experienced from Tasmania tot Melbourne, are desirous of expressing their heartfelt thanks 'to Captain Carrington, his officers and crew, and at the same time expressing their great appreciation of the captain's unflagging zeal at his arduous post, and uniform kindness to the many under his charge. Captain Carrington has for many ye~ars held command of his staunch vessel, and has on hundreds of occasions guided her acrosls the oft times troubled waters of Bass Straits, his name having become, a household word with 'thse travellers to and fro between Tasmania and Melbourne, but never was his untiring devotion to duty and. his seamanlike qualities more strenuously tested than t:hey have been during the present stirmy passage. In conclusion, the passengers beg the ac ceptance by Captain. arriington and his officers and crew, of the accompanying small token of appreciatiom" Captain Carrington responded, and the gathering broke -up with (hearty cheers for ;the captain, officers, and crew. 