ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST. [LONDON TIMES.] For two or three months past vague rumors have been afloat in London concerning a liaunt«d liouse somewhere in Scotland belonging to the Marquis of Bute. It was described as 'the most haunted liouse in Scotland,' and as beinc the abode of some mysterious agency producing sights and sounds of the most portentous and inexplicable character. While many people, some of them holding high positions in the ?'Scientific world, were ready to give general assurances of the awe inspiring nature of these phenomena, it was un fortunately impossible to obtain precise information from any one. The most definite impression one could form was that appalling noises were to be heard, alike by day and by night, in various .parts of this mansion, but more par iticularly in four rooms. Apparitions ?were also spoken of, though less con fidently, yet it seemed to be generally agreod that the orthodox gliding figure melting into thin air had been seen V»v at least one horrified observer. Ballecliin — the ch is guttural and carries the accent — is a house plejisiintly situated in Strat htay, a few mites above Dunkeld. Standing on the northern slope it faces nearly due south and commands a beautiful view up the valloy which is closed by the peak of Ben La were, still carrying a considerable amount of 6now. The liouse was built in the second decade of the present century, but a wing was added at a much later date, and is the only part of the structure that is free from ' manifestations.' Underneath the wing arc the present kitchens, to the isolation of which a wholly undue importance is attached »s precluding tbe idea that noises wilfully or acci dentally made by the servants can account for the phenomena in the bedrooms. In the centre of the house is the main staircase in a square well, lighted by a cupola and having a gallery which runs right round it and gives access to the upper part of the main building. At one corner of this gallery is a service staircase, at the top of which is the most haunted bedroom. Adjoining this are the two next in ?order of phenomenal importance, while at the opposite corner of tbe gallery, where another staircase leads to the servants' sleeping rooms above, is the fourth of the haunted rooms. The house has thick walls both interior and exterior, bat their thickness is exaggerated by wood casing, which everywhere gives a hollow sound on percussion. The rafters seem to be as flimsy as the walls arc substantial, for -the floors vibrate on the smallest provo cation, and in any of the telrooms it .is quite easy to bold a conversation ?with another man ia the attics. It follows that the house is one huge sounding board transmitting and ^possibly intensifying certain kinds of .noise. That there are no rats in the ihouse is an article of faith, but I saw ?one outside about half way to the stables in broad daylight. Bats, or -even mice, would account for many of the sounds complained of. I tossed with another man for pos session of H!o 3, the most haunted of ithe rooms, and won. He contented (himself with No. 1, which is the t second best from an investigator's Doiut of view. On one -or -two night's 'that I spent ia the room I slept wsth ?out disturbance of any kind until 7 ^o'clock, when I heard & variety of t noises floating up the back staircase, -.and all easily translatable into the ?early morning activities of the ser 'vant*. There is a -fixed washstand ?with the usual waste plug. This I ( Jleft open on going to bed, and as tbe ' ; night was windy a sound which aa ?-*. ardent imagination might have con ?# verted into the moan of a soul in pain ? came from the end of the waste pipe a if ew feet below, where it overhangs a rtrap, according to approved sanitary 1 principles. The secoud night I was very ftftkefnl. T read in bed until past J o'clock, and was awake again about 3. My fire had gone our, and the fireplace in cooling down euiitted a loud crack after the manner of iron fireplaces in such conditions. A sympathetic observer would doubtless have chronicled that as a ghostly noise. A distinguished psychical researcher told m« just before I left town that when one sees a ghost the proper thing is to advance boldly and clasp it. In the hope of such an encounter I went out upon the gallery, but I saw nothing and heard nothing except the wind. I went to s!e«p after that for some three hours, and on awakening heard a pretty loud noise from the washing basis, which, however, was only the jar of a waterpipe when the water is suddenly turned off. Presently a deep buzzing sound indicated that a servant was drawing more water, probably in the distant wing, and was duly followed by another resonant baug showing that the Thomson patent tap had not been titled to the Ballechin pipes. These were all the noises I heard in the most hauuted room of ' the most haunted liouse in Scotland.' To any one half dead' with fright they would probably have seemed appalling ; to me they only proved that ordinary noises can be transmitted in that house with unusual facility and to unusual distances. In the morning the butler, whose room it seems is directly under No. 3, asked me rather solemnly whether I had been disturbed. On my answering in the negative, he asked whether I had been walking about my room in my boots, ' and seemed only half reassured when I said I hud been walking about long after he was in bed, but certainly not in my boots. No haunted house is complete with out a legend of a crime or a tragedy or a badly spent life to explain why the ghost walks. In the drawingroom after dinner we listened to our hostess, who is an excellent narrator, expound ing the story of the wicked major. It seems that a former proprietor, who died some 20 years ago, had a standing quarrel with Mrs. Grundy. He kept his house full of dogs ; he did not care for the society of his neighbours ; he was rather feared than loved, and local gossip, with reason or without, charged him with unnecessary familiarity with his housekeeper. When we add that at his death the property went, to collaterals, whom he is said to have disliked both on that ground and because they were Roman Catholics, while he was a rigid Presbyterian, we have all the reasons that can be alleged for the persistent unrest of the major's spirit. It must apparently remain doubtful whether zeal for Presbyterian doctrine or laxity in the observance of Presbyterian morality is the real obstacle to his repose. While we were listening to this impressive recital of the major's peculiarities someone called attention to noises which I had noticed for two or three minutes. We were at once informed that they were footsteps in the haunted chambers overhead, and that they occur even when these chambers are locked up. It was added that at the actual moment there was no servant in the bedrooms, and a lady went cut to verify ' the statement, returning with the information that she bad met all the servants coming up from the basement to go to bed. For my own part I could not have said with the least certainty that the noises were footsteps at all, and they did not seem to me to come from the ceiling, but rather from the side of the room. If there was no one in the rooms overhead at the moment it became prelty clear that the noises could not mean foot steps in these rooms, since neither abounding wickedness nor overflowing doctrinal zeal can enable a ghost to stamp on a floor like a solid mortal. But the way of regarding the matter normal to the place evidently was that the sounds must mean footsteps, that they must come from the haunted rooms, and that as there was no one there, to produce them they must indicate supernatural agency or, at least, something csilJing for psychical investigation. A passage giving access to the hall from the service staircase, already mentioned as opening at my bedroom door on the first floor, runs behind the drawingroom wall. At the end of this passage is the butler's room directly under ray bedroom, and the butler's wife bad the habit of retiring in good (imp. In these arrangements we have a simple and obvious explana tion of the indeterminate noise* heard just before the servants reached the rst floor on their way to bed. These are all the sounds I heard in a house which I was assured before leaving London was continually dis turbed by day and night by appalling and inexplicable noises. Others were described to we, in particnlar one which was imitated by throwing a heavy wooden ball on a wooden floor and allowing it to roll until it came in contact with a doer. I never heard the noise, but if the imitation was as good as I was ied *x» beliri-a J Jb»i-e ' no doubt that the noisu was made in the same way, and perhaps with the ' same ball. One of the maid servants , described a sort of dull knocking, ' which, according to her, goes on i between 2 and 6 in the morning in the I lath and plaster partition by the side j of her bed, which shuts oil the angular i space just under the eaves of the liouse, J She likened it to the noise of gardeners nailing up ivy outside. She seemed honest ; but as she has seen'the ghost of half a woman sitting on her fellow servant's bed, one takes her evidence with a grain or two of salt. Any noises she has really heard may be due to the cooling of the hot water pipes which pass along behind the partition just mentioned to the cistern. An intelligent gardener whom I questioned told ma that he had kept watch in the house on two separate occasions, abstaining from sleep until daylight appeared at 7 o'clock, but without hearing a sound. The only mystery in the matter seems to be the mode in which a prosaic and ordinary dwelling was endowed with so evil a reputation. I was assured in London that it had had this reputation for 20 or 30 years. The family lawyer in Perth asserted most positively that tliere had never been a whisper of such a thing until the house was let for last year's shotting season to a family, whom I may call the H.'s. I . was told the same thing in equally positive terms by the minister of the parish, a level headed man fioin Banffsliire, who has lived in the place for 20 years. He told me that some of the younger members of the H. family had in dulged in practical jokes aud boasted of them. One of their pranks was to drop or throw a weight upon the floor and to draw it back by means of a string. Another seems to have been to thumb on bedroom doors with a boot heel, the unmistakable marks of which remain to this day, ond were pointed out to me hy our hostess. If there are really any noises not referable to ordinary domestic causes, it is not improbable that these practical jokers made a confidant of some one about the estate, who amuses himself by occasionally — it is only occasionally that the more remarkable noises are said to be heard — repeating their tricks. The steward or factor on the estate concurs with the lawyer and tbe minister in denying that the house had any reputation for being haunted before the advent of the H. family. Yet he is a Highlander, and not without superstition, for he gave it as his opinion that if there was any thing in these noises they must be due to black art. The story of a haunted history of 20 years rests upon nothing but anonymous rumor, so vague and intangible that no opportunity of verification can be found. I was, in deed, shown some admissions made under pressure of cross-examination bj' the widow of the late proprietor, who died in 1895. I.ut they are of the most insignificant description, referring to nothing but confused recollections of noises such as may be. heard in any house, and not in any degree implying a belief that the liouse in which she and her family lived until compelled to leave it by her husband's death is haunted. In connection with that death I was told an impressive story which illustrates the way of working up a noise into a manifestation. On a day when ho was to leave home for London the proprietor was talking to the aforementioned factor in thp library, when a tremendous crash was heard on the table between them. ' For God's sake,' cried the husband, ' don't mention this to my wife.' He went to London and next day was killed by a cab accident. Before the news reached his family, an appalling noise was heard in the room he usually occupied, but, as the reader will expect to hear, everything was found undis turbed. This circumstantial story is false in every detail There was no table, there was a bureau ; there was no crash, but the lid of tht; bureau having been imperfectly closed slipped into its place ; the husband did not mention either his Maker or his wife or tbe trivial noise ; Ite was not killed the next day, but more than throe weeks afterwards ; and no mysterious sound in his room heralded the news. But that crash is still hanging around in Ballechin. A lady staying in the house assured me that, writing one day in the library, she heard a loud bang upon an occasional table ! behind her. On looking round she j saw the brass handles still swinging, though no one was in the room witb j her, and nothing was disturbed. In company with a lively young man fresh from Oxford athleties, I made a little experiment on that table. We ijanged it with great force, making a ^reat noise, but the brass handles would not swing. They did, indeed, -jniver in common with the not very substantial taijlf. liut the ouiver was i over as soon as the noise. The lady was ? j simply the victim of a combined ocular ; and visual hallucination. She told me of another. In a copse near the house, t through which runs a little 6tre.un | down a sharp declivity, she saw an I old and young woman talking. She could distinguish their voices, though not what they said, and the old woman talked much, while the young one interjected remarks. Of course there was no woman there, and liy conse quence no conversation. The lady admitted that the apparition was purely subjective, but in regard to other matters was not willing to sup pose that she may be the victim of hallucinations of hearing as well as of sight. There were other and similar experiences which it is needless to relate. It is obvious that an investi gator, however honest, is tremendously handicapped by this liability to manu facture the very phenomena under investigation. Not even the solemn blessing of the Roman Catholic archbishop, who was invited to the liouse for the purpose of bestowing it, can rid a dwelling of noises partly incident to domestic operations, and partly due to the physiological peculiarities of the inmates. 