REVIEWS. 'Socialism, ' by Sir Henry Wrixon, late Attorney-General of Victoria (Macmillan and Co., London and New York). The author of thu work was appointed by the Victorian Government in tho year 18!U to be one of its dolegates at the Colonial Conference that was about to be held in Canada, and was also given a sort of general commission to enquire into some publio questions that concerned the colonists of Australia in common with other progressive communities, so iu tho volume before us we have the result of Sir Henry's enquiries into socialism as manifested in Canada, England, aud the United States. In a preface tho author says that ho ' felt it to be a duty no lcsaim posed upon me by my commission than agreeable to my own feelings to enquire impartially into all aspects of the subject, and to gather knowledge from every quarter where it could be obtained. It certainly is of the hut importance, whether we approve of socialism or condemn it, that wo should know what it i*. what it proposes, and what it leads to.*' Tho representatives of Canada and Aus tralia:^ the Conference spoke for more than ton millions of tho Queen a subieots, whereas in 1S20 tho two countries had only about half a million peoplo between them. Sir Henry considers the Canadians ' to bo of a solid, in dustrious, self- respecting type, self-reliant, and not apt to bo carried away by delusions and vain cries,' r.nd tr.ys that 'no party, whether Government or Opposition, appeared to lcau toward.s a ttcvoranco from the British Crown, or a union with thu American Re public, thnir proximity to the Yankees not seeming to incrcaso their admiration for them.' As there is very little said about socialism in the pajes devoted to Canada ono concludes that it has not made much progress there. AtU-r an abaenco of nearly thirty years Sir Henry found that tho touo of thought and feeling in England now w.-u in marked contrast to what it was then: What chiefly impressed him was the alteration iu tho attitude of many, if not the majority, of working men towards the State and towards politics— merely as jwlitics. Uuder the heading 'socialism in England' it is sUted that tho Socialist Partv is stronger in England thau in the Unitod States, and that this is partly owing to tho greiu-r proportion of poor in the fonncr country, aud the wider chasm between tho diiloreni clu.v««s of people. As ono might expect, tho Suciaiiitt movement seems to ba more powerful in London than in other parts of England. In Birmingham and other centres the old Trade Unionist a appear to hold their ground with a leaning towards Mr. Chamber lain's plans for helping tho poor aud the worker— plans which are opposed to socialism. Sir Henry deals with Socialistic literature, and in 'Socialists that I have Met' much good reading will be found. A good deal of space is devoted to tho United States, and in the chapters headed 'Thoughts of tho man in the street'' and 'Religion and tho family under racialism' much sound reaaonint; is adduced. Tho book, which is well written, is oininently readablo and worth studying. There aro several appondices, in one of which we hare a speech dohvered by tho moraber from MiMouri in the House of Representa tives, Washington, in which the speaker assures us that 'God Almighty never intended us to hog everything. If He had He'd have made us with snouts. (Wild laughter. )' And so on for a page or two more in tho same strain. In future editions the author would do well to omit this coarse blatherskiting. 44 Australian Writers,' by Desmond Byrne (Richard Bent ley & Son, London). This volume coutaints sketches of the lives and criticisms of tho work of tho best-known Australian authors. In an introduction Mr. Byrne asserts that Australians make no special efforts to encourage the growth of a literature of their own. ' By no means un conscious of their achievements in other direc tions—in political innovations, in sport and athlotics— they appear not to take any pride in or to see tho advantago of promoting creative intellectual work.' 'Rolf Baldre wood' had been contributing to tho Sydnoy and Melbourne Press for twenty years, but it was not until tho publication of 'Robbery Under Arms' at London in 1889 his work obtained due recognition. The experiences of Ada Cambridge seem to have been similar to those of Rolf Boldrewood. Although she had ptisKshed several novels in tho Australasian, being a local product they were not seriously considered, and it was not until the English public accepted her novels that she became popular in tho colonies. Tho volume opens with Marcus Clarke, who is very fairly criticised, and regret is expressed that tho famous author of 'For tho Term of His Natural Life' did not comply with the Messrs. Bentleys' re peated requests for more notion, and that he should have declined the flattering invitation to join the staff of the Daily fetejraph in London, which would have led to his intro duction into the best literary circles. Henry Kingsley and the only 'good novel that he wrote, - Geoffrey Hamlyn,' are sympatheti cally dealt ' with; ' As for Adam Lindsay Gordon, Mr. Byrne thinks that it is diffi cult to consider his work as a writer apart from his personality; ' and it is natural that this snoukh be so in the case of a man whose career was itself a romance, who led as strange a double life as ever poet lived, and who, through all. retained tho marked essentials of a gentleman.' Mrs. Campbell Praed is credited with being tho first to attempt to give an extended and im partial view of the social and political lifo of tho upper classes in Australia, whilst to 'Tasma, one of the youngor writers, is anorihcd a quiet satirical humour and power of rapidly sketching a portrait which do much to justify her friends in comparing her with George Eliot and Jane Austen. Mr. Byrne had done his work conscientiously and well. 'Tho Sign of the Spidor,' by Bertram Mit ford (Methuen & Co., London). This story of South Africa opens in a rather feeblo manner, and continues so until wo are introduced to 'Pirate' Hazon, about tho sixtioth page The horo, Laurence Stanninghame, is a very unsatisfactory creation. He is unlucky in England, so to tatter his fortunes proceed* to Johannesburg. On tho voyage out this middlo agod Lothario with a wife and family strikes up a flirtation with tho beautiful young Lilith Ormakirk, and the pair inflict con siderablo twaddle upon the reader. Stan ninghamo after a run of luck in shares finds himself stonebroke. Ho presses the muzxlo of a revolver against his forehead, but much to the reader's disappointment fails to pull tho trigger. Haxon now fits out a couple of wasrons, and with our hero starts off into tho interior in search of ivory. Tho book now becomes more interesting, and the adventures they meet with out- Haggards Haggard. There aro quite a number of characters introduced, but not ono of them whoso personality is inte rcftting, bar, perhaps, Lindela, the Zulu maiden. Mr. Mitford has written much better stories in tho past, notably ' A Veldt Official' and 'The Expiation of Wynno Pallifiser,' and will doubtkss improve upon this his latest effort in days tocomo-at lea»t let us hope so. The book come* to hand through Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, and is extremely well illustrated by Mr. James Gruig. 'TheCarissima.' by Lucas Malot (Methuen and Co., London). — This is a most Htrihin^ly original story as narrated by Anvmy Hammond -one wet afternoon in the smoking room of a certain country house. Antony tolls how Constantino Loversedgo, the hero ot* tho novel and a splendid creation, was haunted by a hideous hallucination, caused by a U'rnblo incident in his life during his resi dence in South Africa, and of tho part* that that hallucination played in Constantino's loio aifair. Tho author is very happy in delineation of character, the description of the English, American, and other residents in a summer hotel on the Lake of Geneva being particularly effective. Ono or two incidents in the story aro indescribably pathetic, others tragical, but the dialogue is invariably bright, witty, interesting, and at times deliriously hum'orou.*. To those wholovo a good story by a vicorou* and cultured writer we can eafelr recommend ''Tho Oariiwinia.' The 1k-oJc r«.-a'h«%» u« through Messrs. E. S. 'vVizg 1 S.m. 'The Mis-sin? Prince.' by G. E. Farrow (Hutchiuson k Co., London). This doli?hiful children'* book sparkles with fun and 'fancy from the first pa^o to tho last, and tvhi--h is funnier, the prose or rhymes, would be difficult to i-.iy. Hito is r. s;»ecimeu of tho latter, entitled ' The dear little oy*ter' :— There wa« once a little oyv.«r liring underneath the i-ea, Who -ra- c-m--* as gold and, consequent y, hippy as C'uld be. Sh- ke;a the bousa as tidy and as clean as a new pin. And helped her Ma to make the beds they tuck the oyuers in. We iio-in discovered shepotMtsed a most uncommon voice. And nporatie tinginK then became her ardent choice : So ilihsently practised sho her lessons and her SCflW, That the qn'cily gained the medal s'v«n by the i'rince of Whale*. Of course, she now was far too good to waste bcr life down iterr. So reluctantly we car* her up to grace another snhdte; Sho, in a barrel nicely packed, wxi sent to Mr. liat'J. An 1 under hi* m.xt skilful care b.came an oyitcr 1* ttie. Beautifully printed in large clear typo, gilt edged, and liaml-o-nely bound, with pa^o illustrations '-y Harry Furne.M, and vi^nutuj3 by hU little' daughter Dorothy, ' Tho Missiuj Prince*' in a lx-ok that a King's yo;ineit(»r nii'-jht well be proud of. 'khyni'-a from tho Nline«,' by Edward Dyson (Ansrui & KolwrtMin, Sydney).— In thM volume of racy verw wo haw a trua and vigorous uicturo ot Australian mining and pro specting life. Many of the pieces display con siderable humour, nor in others is the quality of pathos lacking. The book shows abundant evidence of the author's practical acquaintance with the subject of his muse, ari his verses invariably have the owing aad go oi a matter of metre. 'The Old Whim Horse,' with which the volume opens, is a pathetio pioture of a deserted mine:— ile't au old grey hone with his head bowed «adly, And wU.i dim old eye* and a queer roll aft. With the otf-foro sprang and the bind screwed badly. And he boars all over the brands of graft. And ho lifts hi* head from the grass to wonder Why by u-.ght and day now the whim U silU; Why t!iu eileuce is, and the stuinixr*' thunder Sounds forth no more f'oui the shattereJ milL Sea the old horse take, like a creature dreaming, Oa the ring once more hi* accuttotaed place; But the inoo.tboams full on tue rain* Htrcaming, Show tbd scutterod timiwrs and grass-grown . lince. Vet !-n hears the sled in the smithy falling. And tbo empty truck m it rattle* back. And the 007 wno maid* by the anvil, calling; Aud he tarns and back*, and he 'takes np sUvk.' - Another capital piece of realism, is entitled 'Cleaning up' — .'. ::; .i:l''% ^ ?? f When tbo boric has been onharneased and we're flashed the old machine, ry '^^'^ -»-:i : And the water o'er the sluies is running^ evenly and clean; . ? -...'.''? V ? ~;-''-- ?','-..* ; ' When there's thirty load before us,' and the ton is high and brisht, ' ''.?'v vi':;,V: ?;.';.. And we've workod from early morning and shall hare 10 work till night; . \\\/:'- i»-. '^;^;-vV:' r,t Not a nun of tu is weary, though the graft is pretty nm:h, ?'??:'-r-.'' ?'??-'v.- Uvfii'/rV'-r- ?????'.??.'???' It wo t^ the proper colour snowing (reely through the stuff. ??'..: .-. ?'?: ???? -.;;?;..'?;??;? '???. Can a mining speculator with a pile of gold-n scrip, Or the plunger wno has laid bis all upon a winning Or tne city man who's hit upon a profitable deal, ' Know the wonderful elation thu the lucky diggers feel. When fortune's smiled but grimly and the store nun's lookinz U'uff, And at last they see the colour showing freely in the tttuO. If space permitted we should have been glad to givo a few lines from ' Battered Bob,' which is humorous in the extreme. 'The, Old Campoven' is also good. Taken all round Mr. Dyson's breezy poems are delightfully refreshing. 'Songs of a Season,' by Francis Eenna (Melville, Mullen, & Slade, Melbourne). Whilo some poets sing of a golden past or a yet more goldou future, others lind inspiration in what Mr. William Watson calls 'tho mysterious (aco of common things,' which is tho fountain of inspiration with most Aus tralian poets of the day, notably those prime favourites, Messrs. Dyson, ' Baiijo' Paterson, and Lawson. Mr. Kotina's tuuse seem to be inspired by neither. The predominating note of the liulo volume of poems More us is sad ness, but sadness of an exquisitely touching nature, and many of thorn aro gems of tho purwt water. The keynote is typified on page 23:— My eyes ro forth to seaward In mute expectancy. To skywird or to let ward, To nnd some hope fur mo; The sullen xkies aru sturmy, Aud waves and winds before me; I curie the times that bore me, ? .' And dre.un of lime* to lie. - ?. One of the prottiest things in tho book is an 'In Memoriam'— C. II. McD., telegraph operator. There are four verses, of which toe first two are the following: — ' ] Upon his ears like tnunic sweet, A distant sound came, rising, falling; ? And con*ciom 'mid tho fercr'n heat '? Ue whbpered low, ' My line is calling.' He touched the key and answered, ' Right T And slowly came the awful warning: For death the ang-1 said, ' Good night'— ''Good night to Lifo!' The day was dawning. 'Tho Coming Commonwealth.' by Robert Randolph Garrau, B.A. (Angus k Robertson, Sydney; Simpkin, Marshall & Co., Loudon). This scholarly contribution to the cause of federation is divided into threo parts. The first is a discussion of the federal svst*m itsoU, tho second is a historical, coustitut'ional, and com arative sketch of the chief federal governments of the world, from the earliest times to the present day, while the third deals with tbo sneoial problems of Australian Fede ration. The author in a preface says— 'No space has boon wasted in proving what no ono now denies — the necessity and tho urgency of Australian union. The well-known platitudes on that subject aro out of date. The question is uo lonpor 'Shall we fedcrata?' but ' How shall wo fedorato?' This hook, therefore*, is a practical discussion of ways and means, prefaced by an account of tho?o political principles and historical facts which cannot bo ignored in thu framing of an Australian Constitution.' In dealing with tho sito for tho federal capital the author, whilo admitting that Melbourne or Sydney being commercial centres would offor facilities to active mon of biuinoAs to take a sharo in tho government of the country, seems to favour tho cxamplo set by Atnonca. 'Tho chief argument against choosing tho capital of a State for the capital of the Commonwealth is that tho seat of tho Federal Government ought to be on neutral territory, and not dependent for protection in tho exercise of its duty on tha laws of a singlo State.' The United State* Constitution (rives Congress power to tako over (with tho consent of tho States concerned) a fedoral district not ex ceeding ten miles squaro to make it the seat of government. This was done, and tho Moral district of Washington, whero Congress meets and tho bc.vl-qiiarters of the Govern ment are fixed, is accordingly boyond the jurisdiction of any State and subject only to federal law. Ths work appears at an oppor tuno moment, and its value as a handbook is much onhanced by a most cotnprchonsivo indrx. Thrwo who drsirn more detailed infor mation respecting feilcr.il government will find rdferences throughout the book to leading authorities. 'Tho Heart of Princess Owa,' by Anthony Hope (Loii!;inan\ Green, & Co., London). Thin is a charming romance, and liko all tho other characters in tho book — oxcept the dull miller Hofban and the Prince of Glottenbertf, who suffered from an earlier affection — the reader falls iu love with the fascinating priuce*3 at first sight. There is but little plot, hut we aro much interested in tho heroino'ii love adventures, and also in tho fate of tho poor fellows whoso peace of mind is destroyed by hor coquotries. Among tho many good things written by this popular author thu book before iu will rank high. Tho volume roaohos us through Messrs. Georgo Robertson k Co., of this city, who alto send Mr. Clark UiinHeH'd ' My Dantnh Sweetheart,' a wcrk which wo have already favourably noticed. 'The 'Works of Lord Byron,' edited by William Ernest Henley (William Ueinomann, London). This, the tint vohinio of a new -Mljti;m of tho master poott' works, contains the letters writtcu by Byron during the yenra 1S0I-18I3. Some of them are of little moment, but among tho many that aro interctinp is one to Sir Walter Scott, iu which, referring to ' Rnclish hard* and Scotch Reviewers.' Byron «»ys— 'Tho satire was written when I was very yrmntf and very angry. »nd fully bent on di.-phying my wrath and my wit, and now 1 am haunted by the ghosts of ray wholosa'.o assertions. Ho ttii-n detail* a conversation with the Prince Resent— ' He talked to mo of you and your immortalities; he preferred you to every bard p.va and present. ... He spoko alternately of Homer and yourself, and turned well* acquaintetl with both ; so that (with the exception of tbo Turks and your humble servant) you were in very good company.'1 Ths post's letters to Mooro and Murray! his publisher, sro also pood resdin?. A Croat portion of this volume, and not the least interesting, i% takonup with 'Notes' on : the letters. In theno Notes vo have much curious information about Byron's friends a* well at his uaoiuie*. A mon; the former nt- 'Oontleman' Ja^kron, who, accordinp to Moire, w.-w tho 'solo prop and ornament of, pupili- im.' H-» was c!iampion of Eng- ! land from 17DJ to 1SW, and. is de- : scribed as 'a man of character and intft^rity— po!ito, agreeable, a capital talker, ami a person of tart and cli.irm.' Ho taught Hrron bovine, and told M-j-jro that thu poet ' always showed prcat spirit in coniinc up to the blows'. ' Mr. Henley consider* 4* the years who«o voice-in-chief wai Byron . . . tho ' worst un-le»tri-id in tho national existnnw,' and think* that to know «r-incthing of byron one should know tho aims, lives, and 'pur- . tonalities of contompnrary men and women. lie also eonfave* to (.-hericliinc a hope by tho time hi« ta^k it finished of pri-sentine tho poet ir. a li,'ht that will tm-vble m to form 'a juster apprehension of the quality and temper i of Bvrun's environment ami a bettor under- ' standing of his character and nchiovemonts, ! Ixjth of which Mr. Henlev cotmiderR extraordi- * nary. The volume, which run* into 470 pacts, [ is well bound and clearly printed, and the edition when completed will probably prove to bo on« of the bo»t and moat comprehensive extant, and do much to revive interest in tha genius who during bis lifetime was un doubtedly the greatest personality in Europe A portrait of tho poet, as frontispiece, from tho painting by Thomas Phillips, R.A., 1814, is an excellent piece of work. Fifty-two Stories of tbo British Navy, edited by Alfred U. Miles (Hutchinson and Co., London). The compilation ia^ on tho ,': whole, a good one, showing the milestones ? aud incidents by the way in the progress of : :? the British Navy. The editor has wisoly ';; given the tales as told by the best authorities. V Who better than Sir Walter Raleigh, for in- ji stance, could tell the undying, story of 'The ;; Revenge?' A few great single-ship actions might well hare been included, and there are ; no more valorous or exciting deeds than many ; of the cutting-put expeditions of the old French War, which we thjnk should have been ?? substituted for the notablo wrecks. Tho illustrations, too, might have been more correct, and true to the' time. That of the - ' Armada. scorns an anachronism— ships were , not painted in that fashion till the present century. ' ' ? ;. ; ... . . .? , L .-.'.??? y-v, 