THE MOST OF SEA TALI. ' "To be let or sold. A well-furnished 12-room cottage. Lovely scenery, close jfco sea. Good fishing. Low rent. Apply agent, Sea Vale, Somerset." The above advertisement in a London paper was the talisman which drew us to Sea Vale, a quiet watering place on !j£he Bristol Channel. My father, a retired naval officer, hated town life; but we had lived in London ;for the sake of the boys. Their educa tion was now completed, and all being iwell out of hand, there remained no hindrance to my father's modest ambi tion for life in the country, with a bit £>f fishing to while away the time. The Knoll was a low, irregularly built Ihouse, ivy clad, and nestling at the foot of a larch- crowned lull, the slopes of which were clothed with massy turf, jewelled with sweet wild thyme, pink sea thrift, dainty harebell' and golden trefoil. In front of the house was a large gar den overflowing with fruit and flowers 1 > nn In' > io3iid to o. \1- bin t ie«eo)ing .> 1 a l' .d.iV lo in e am ...oAcV-r «cb tanoH >,.,. N t N.. , n-1 oi,Li .» (n » n, revet N 1'u , i i ( >dl I , , p A > Ml MU llj 1 1 \ J I 1 . grew side by side with trait trees and .vegetables. About a. mile beyond the garden lay the channel, of which there was an unoroLen view troni every win dow. The inside of the house proved exceed ingly comfortable, although the entrance was somewhat mean, there being onlv a small hall, with the foot of the stairs close to the door on one side, and a long, marrow window on the other. This was exactly opposite the dining- room door, iwhich room was of rather unique shape, having an alcove facing the door. Had the alcove been at either end of ithe room it would have given length, but so placed it seemed meaningless and use less, except fov the purpose of keeping- out of the way a high, cumbeisomc. antique cabinet, which otherwise would have greatly trespassed on the verv limited space. The Knoll was the property of a Mrs Marsh, but she had not c-ared to live there since the death of her husband five years ago. The absurdly low rent and the dis covery that the Knoll had changed tenants nine times within five years, unade my father dubious whether this seemingly charming haven of rest might toot prove defective in the matter of drains or water supply. But he decided to take it for six months with the option of purchase at he end of that time. We went in at midsummer, # and by Christmas were so well satisfied that we had fallen upon a bargain such as iwe were scarcely likely to again meet an equal that my father was about mak ing arrangements for purchasing, wheu an incident occurred which altered our desire to possess this picturesque cot tage. It was Christmas Eve. All my brother's Were expected home by the last train. 1 and my sister, Madge, were putting top evergreens in the hall. Darkness fell topon us before we had completed our task, but the lamp and firelight stream ing from the open door of the dining- room (where Hannah, our one domestic, (Was laying the table in readiness for the travellers) was quite sufficient. Madge, iWho was on a step ladder, placing ivy lover the window, suddenly gave a) piercing shriek, and fell in a heap on the floor, covering her eyes as though to Shut out some fearful sight. Hannah gushed out of the dining-room, and in so doing closed the door after her, which added to the confusion until my father came running down stairs with a light. \- "What upon earth is the matter?" he exclaimed, as Madge, springing up.threw herself into his arms and buried her face on his shoulder. "Oh, father," she cried, "I saw a dreadful old man at the window. He looked as if he were dead. Is he there mow?" and she shuddered as she clung ito him. My father opened the front door, but toothing could he see but the laurel bush, which grew close under the window. "There is no one there. You are over tired, Madge," he said, somewhat sternly. "Hannah, take all this rubbish, away giving the holly a kick as it lay on the floor— and he led Madge off into the dining-room and poured her out a glass ©f wine, but she could not be convinced that it was her nerves that were at fault. "Would you mind staying with me, Miss Hartley, while I clear up the holly?" said Hannah. " Why , Hannah ?" I laughed. "Surely you are not afraid of the man at the jwindow ?" "Yes, I am, Miss," she returned in a clogged way, "and you must please get someone else as soon as you can. I idursn't stay here now that Miss Madge Shas seen old Marsh." j "Old Marsh! What do you mean?" > <cWhy, it was 'im, Miss, sure enough, as Miss Madge saw. I was told when I came here that I should never stay be cause of old Marsh's ghost. But I dicln't . (believe in ghosts then, and said I'd risk «seein' 'im anyway; but you see, Miss, it 5s true enough." "I really do not understand you, Han- taah. "Who is old Marsh?" "Why, Mrs Marsh's husband, Miss. 'He committed suicide out in the garden there. That is why Mrs Marsh cannot bear tbis place. They say old Marsh comes and looks in at the hall window. He looks just as lie did when in his coffin, I dare not live here, Miss, so please take a month's notice.'.' "P.eaWy, Hannah. I am astonished that, \- sea-. w<>iii5an fAs ag't.- Jiv.u sense s-ooiuy believe so impossible'a story. I suppose you have been telling Miss Madge this absurd rumor." "No, indeed, Miss, I have not. I prom ised Mr Small, the agent, I wouldn't tell why the other people left, and I shouldn't have said a word now if old Marsh hadn't come back." The arrival of the boys dismissed for the time all thought of old Marsh, al though Madge was so timid in passing the hall window at night that I was careful to see that the blind was drawn at dark. The isolated position of the house had hitherto made this seem un necessary. My father and the boys Treated her alarm and Hannah's deter mination to leave as a huge joke, until one night when I had forgotten to draw 1th blind, Bernard, my youngest brother, went from the drawing-room, where we gill were, to fetch something from the -dining-room. "Father," he called, "come here aquickly." The sharp ring of terror or pain— we could not tell which — in his .voice made us all follow my father into the hall. 1 "Look," cried Bernard, who, with Iblancbed face, stood midway between the dining-room and the hall window ; "'is that old Marsh?" There, sure enough, in the upper part -of the window, we all could distinctly see the head and shoulders of an old man. The features set, the eyelids closed, as in the awful stillness of death. In life it could not have been other than an unpleasing face, hut with the seal of death adding to its coldness and liard- "toess, it appeared positively hideous. "This must be a cleverly played trick." said my father, going close up to the :glass and peering out. But the cold, still face seemed to mock him, for there It Was, in shadowy outline against the laurels. He and the boys searched around the |)tishes, but nothing could they see or hear save the soughing oftbe wind and ! the murmur of the distant sea. Hour j after hour we kept going out into the I hall to see if the shadowy foian of the old man were still there. Yes, there it was, and its very immovablencss added to its horrible fascination. It was long after midnight before we could be per suaded to disperse, although father, upon his return from putting- out the lights in the dining-room, thankfully informed us that the horrid face had disappeared. "I will fathom this tomorrow," said lie. "or else we will go out of the house ' at once. I will see the agent and hear what he has to say about this cock-and- bull story Hannah tells." Accordingly next day he went to Sea Yale. The agent allowed that it was reported that The Knoll was haunted, hut, said he, "That, sir, is easily accounted for, because of Mr Marsh destroying himself in the garden facing the house. People are always ready to declare a place 1 taunted that has been the scene of a suicide or minder." ' Quite so." agreed mv father. .."I am no believer m ghosts, but the fact re mains that my daughter, a fortnight ago, saw the head, and shoulders ol an old mm qiMiinrh ue! > ' t re) nv | the sa ie i i e 1 im rub , o +> " | u inaint . oii-as nvemmr i-utad I roj£:tU e ;ii. .fine Knoll unless rhe -mi .iu ts cleared | j i . » 1 - j ' < )i d m i i r " itii us? Siiouul the rare again appear vou will at least be able to tell us it it re sembles the late Mr Marsh?-' Willingly the agent acquiesced ; but though he came 'for a whole week noth ing was seen of the apparition. That the man thought us little less than idiots we were well aware. "I think, isir," said lie one evening when he rose to go, "you will allow that it is useless my coming out here night after night." '.- " It does seem like it." returned my father, "but come until the end of this 1 week." At this moment Hannah burst into the room without, ceremony, crying, "Old Marsh! sir, old Marsh!" Quickly we went into the hall, and again were confronted by the cold sliadowy form of the dead man. The agent took one glance, and putting up his arms to ward off the dreadful sight, exclaimed in hushed, horrified tones: "It is he, sir, it is Mr Marsh!" Explanation there was none. Sleep in that house another night not one of us would. Late though it was, we walked into" Sea Vale and took rooms until such time as we could remove our belongings. The agent refused to again undertake i he letting of The Knoll. He wrote Mm Marsh a full account of what, he had himself witnessed. The following day brought him a let ter from Mrs Marsh, who commenced by expressing her thankfulness to have '.t last discovered the reason why she could not keep a tenant. Having no portrait of her husband she had a cast taken af ter death and a bust executed by a well- known sculptor. This bust she felt sure was not a thing strangers would care to have about. Therefore when she let The Knoll furnished, it was placed on the top of the oak cabinet facing the dining room door. That it was the reflection of this bust thrown upon the hall win dow she had but little doubt. She re quested the agent to a-sk my father to go with him to The Knoll and see for him self. We went that night in a body. No thing could be seen of the bust from the floor, but upon climbing to the top of the step ladder there it was. pushed far back against tire wall in the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the lamps and went into the hall. There, as before, was the face that had so alarmed us and previous tenants. Upon closing the door it, of course, instantly vanished. I We, are still living at our beautiful cottage, and we often congratulate our selves upon the fortunate discovery of an optical illusion, which, upon the re moval of the bust, happily freed us from the presence of " The Man at the Win- dow."—' 'London Dramatic News." 