THE STORYTELLER. THE BAKER'S GHOST. There sat together in a dingy tavern- parlour, William Wormwood, under- taker; John Mummery Tombs, M.D. ; and Phillip Priestly, baker. That of the trio neither was what is called flush of money might be gathered at a glance. The doctor alone indulged in a spirituous decoction, a fast- chilling third of which remained in the glass as he sat dejectedly contemplating it. Seedy was the medical gentleman's suit of black, and dubious the hue of his cuffs and collar ; while his hat was tipped forward over his eyes, his legs extended beneath the table, and his hands plunged deeply into his trousers pockets. A pewter pint pot contained all the alcoholic stimulant the baker and the undertaker could afford between them, while a pinch of brown dust alone re- mained of the single screw of tobacco from which, as long as it held out, each had replenished his pipe. They had so sat in doleful dumps for more than a minute or two, when Dr. Mummery Tombs, with a sigh that was half a groan, took up his glass and swallowed the rem- nant of gin and water at a gulp. Then, with the sugar-crusher between his finger and thumb, ready to tinkle it against the tumbler as a summons for the waiter, he raised his eyebrows en- quiringly, looking towards the baker. Phil Priestly, who was a gaunt and white-faced young man, dressed in a seedy light drab suit, dolefully shook his head. " It is no use asking me," he re- marked, " I am stone broke, and that's a fact." Then he took up his pipe to re- light it, but drawing up through the stem nothing but dust and ashes he threw the pipe into the fender, and des- pondently clutching a handful of his sandy whisker rested his elbow on the table. Doctor Mummery Tombs, who still had his legs stretched out beneath the table, touched the undertaker's shin with the toe of his boot, and, as though in response to the hint, Mr. Wormwood observed. " I am sorry to say that I am in the same predicament. It is time we made a move of some kind. About that little scheme of yours, doctor ? Let us hear what it is. You promised that you would, you know." The doctor shrugged his shoulders. "Yes, I know that I promised, but I will be excused if you don't mind." "But why?" "Well, frankly, because I don't believe that either of you are equal to it. You might be tempted by the handsome sum of money it promises, but you would prob- ably back out when it came to the pinch which would be exceedingly awkward for your humble servant." But with great earnestness the undertaker declared that being so desperately hard up he was ripe for anything, and the baker grimly re- marked that he would like to be told of any scheme that fell short of downright robbery he wouldn't pledge himself to, if there were a few pounds to be made by it. Doctor Mummery Tombs made no reply for several seconds, and then, leaning forward to within easy whisper- ing distance of his two friends, softly remarked, "Supposing now that I had hit on a notion that we three might work out, with little or no risk, and which would give us, say, a hundred and fifty pounds each?" He looked from one to the other as he asked the question. The undertaker made no verbal response, but held out his right hand. The baker followed suit and Doctor Tombs grasped both. Then they all three drew in their chairs a bit closer, so that, when they laid their heads together, they were well nigh touching. The doctor's whisper was so soft and smooth, that, had the waiter been listen- ing at the keyhole, he could not have heard a word he was saying. " In the first place, I should be glad, Mr. Priestly, if you will inform me if your life is insured ?" " No, and never has been." "Very good. But you have a sound constitution, and any office would accept you. We will take it, then, that you offer yourself and are excepted, say for £500. Shortly, you are taken ill —of what complaint can be settled in good time, and I, a qualified practitioner am called it, but can do nothing for you and you depart this life. I provide a medical certificate as to what it was you died of, and our friend Wormwood here buries you. We draw the insurance money and divide it, and nobody the wiser, but ourselves, and we are the merrier as well. That is where the fun comes in." "What! after yon have killed me and Wormwood has buried me ?" "Made believe to bury you. You might be required to lie in your coffin just for a short time—I can imagine the deathly pallor business for you—so that we may have a witness or two who saw you there; but, come the day of the funeral, you relinquish your narrow bed, which is then filled in with earth or clay and you vanish to where only Worm- wood and myself know where to find you. We divide the spoil, and then off you go, comfortably equipped and with a hun- dred pounds in you pocket, to commence life anew in America or Australia. That of course, is merely a rough sketch of the scheme : but, such as it is, what do you think of it? What do you think of it, Wormwood ?" "Upon my word and honour," replied the undertaker, his face beaming with admiration for his medical friend, "you have so nearly taken my breath away that I can hardly tell you what I think. The idea is a splendid one. So compact and simple! It is as good as accom- plished before we start. I will answer for my part in the performance at any rate. And nothing could be easier than Priestley's share in it. I wish it was my share and yet I don't. I should spoil the joke. When it came to them taking a last peep and wagging their heads and —ha, ha!—dropping a tear perhaps, I should feel so tickled I couldn't help frightening 'em, first with a bogey face, and then bursting out laughing. But the baker sat silently; clutching his whisker and looking so dubious that Dr. Tombs presently remarked, "If you don't like the idea say so." " But I do like it, and mean going in for it." "But what about the money to pay the first premium and to defray other expenses besides ?" " Leave that to me," said the doctor. " And when I inform you that in borrow- ing the required amount, unless it be punctually repaid, I shall mortally offend my last remaining friend in the world, neither of you will have any doubt as to my confidence in being able to carry the affair through satisfactory. Well, what do you say, shall we shake hands on it?" And they shook hands. " I don't believe in dry compacts," the doctor remarked. " I wonder if my powers of persuasion are equal to overcoming the landlady's objection to putting anything more down on the slate to my account ? I will make the desperate attempt any- how." And Dr. Mummery Tombs quitted the parlour and approached the bar, but not to ask for credit. It was not accidentally that the toe of his boot had touched the undertaker's leg under the table, nor was it a momentary irritation of the latter's left eyelid that made it seem as though he was winking. The pair of rogues were leagued to victimise the unfortunate baker. When the doctor saw him draw hot ashes instead of sooth- ing tobacco-smoke through his pipe- stem, he made out that it was impe- cuniosity that prevented his ordering another screw of birdseye ; but at the counter, where he ordered three grogs, hot and strong he put down half-a-sove- reign to pay for them. Pocketing the change, he returned to the parlour. " It's all right," he remarked, with a grin, " the dear soul could not resist my pathetic appeal. The girl will bring it in directly." There was a further whispered con- ference over the three grogs and then the conspirators separated for the night. When Dr. Mummery Tombs, hurrying through the streets alone, arrived at a certain corner, someone was waiting for him. It might have been the baker him- self, only that he wore a caped coat and a soft felt hat, and that his clothes in stead of being emblematic of the bread- making trade, were of a dark colour, and of fashionable make. But as regards height and breadth—or narrowness rather—and the stoop of the shoulders, the pale long face, and the sandy whis- kers, it might have been the baker's twin-brother. " I thought you were never coming," he remarked, impatiently; "you are nearly an hour over the appointed time." " It couldn't be helped," returned Doctor Tombs. " I am lucky, I think, in being able to bring you good news without longer delay. It is all right, so far. He has swallowed the bait." The man in the caped coat caught the doctor by the arm, at the same time giving utterance to an exclamation of delight. " Hush ! There is no one in sight who might overhear us ; but one never knows. Speak more softly, man. So he is dead, eh ? You need not tell me what it was he swallowed, so that it killed him." "But you are jumping to a wrong conclusion. I gave you most distinctly to understand that no bribe you could offer me would tempt me to that. When I mentioned that he had swallowed the bait, I spoke figuratively. He has agreed to a scheme proposed to him, by means of which he may be got rid of, almost as effectually as though he were actually dead and buried." Seven years afterwards to the week, if not to the exact day, preparations were being made at a London workhouse for a Christmas entertainment for the pauper inmates. The place of festivity was to be the common hall, and all the available staff of the establishment, including even the baker and his assist- ant, had been called on to lend a hand in the decorative department, the more active of the indoor paupers being likewise pressed into the service. There was one of the latter, a man of middle age and of mournful mien, with a fishy eye and a pimpled nose, who moved about as though preparing for a funeral rather than for a festivity. Sent to fetch something from another part of the building, and having to traverse a long dim passage, midway he met a spectral figure that raised its hands and glared at him, and down fell the melan- choly man as though in a fit. But the apparition was not actuated by malevolence. Hastily kneeling at the other's side, he shook him by the arm, and failing to arouse him by that means, whispered in his ear. The effect was instantaneous. As though electri- fied the pimple-nosed pauper scrambled up to a sitting posture, and the two faced each other. "Can it possibly be you, Phil Priestley ?" " Hush ! pray don't mention my name ; Mopson I am called here—John Mopson. And to think that you, too, Mr. Worm- wood, have come down to be a pauper, and in the same workhouse ! And what has become of poor Dr. Tombs ?" The ex- undertaker suddenly leapt to his feet and shook his clenched fists. "Don't ask me that, Phil Priestley. Ask me what, if I had my wish, should become of him. He deserves to be buried alive, Phil, and, by the Lord Harry, I would like to do the job single-handed." Hearing this wild talk, and mindful of Mr. Wormwood's ruling weakness, the baker shook his head. "How do you manage to get at it, Bill ?" he remarked with a sad smile, " I haint so much as smelt a drop for nearly a week." "Don't make any mistake as to that, Phil. I'm in sober earnest, and have that to tell you about the scoundrel Tombs will rather astonish you. You had an uncle a retired corn-merchant, living at Cam- berwell, I believe ?" " Wasn't I brought up as a boy there? But what of it ?" " Stop a minute. And you had a cousin ?" " That's true. Simeon Swagshaw, and there was just about as much love be- tween me and him as between me and Uncle Swagshaw, the retired corn mer- chant. Simeon used to think that I should come in for the old man's money and he would get none. But what are you driving at?" " Let us slip into the lumber-room at the end of the passage here, and I will tell you." Whatever was the nature of the communication, it had an extraordinary effect on the baker. That same night, all white and floury as he was, he took advantage of the darkness and, scaling the workhouse wall fled. It was Christmas night, and there was revelry at the abode of Simeon Swag- shaw, Esq., of " The Thorns," Camber- well Vale. An old-fashioned and com- modious residence was "The Thorns," and once the residence of Mr. Benjamin Bagster, a retired corn merchant, from whom Simeon Swagshaw had inherited it. But that was nearly seven years ago, and since then Mr. Swagshaw had married the daughter of Mr. Bumpstead, an opulent retired pawnbroker, who, with his wife and family of grown-up sons and daughters, were Mr. Swag- shaw's Christmas guests. " The Thorns " was just the sort of house for a Christ- mas party, with plenty of spare bed- rooms, with one that was most spoken of, though never used, for there it was that old Mr. Bagster died. He was an irreligious old sinner, who cursed and swore most when he should have been saying his prayers, and shortly before he breathed his last he banished the parson from his bedside with jeers and scoffing. On this and other grounds it got rumoured that the chamber—which was approached by a passage from the back drawing-room, and overlooked the garden —was haunted. The party had dined sumptuously, and afterwards assembled in the drawing- room to tell Christmas stories and sing Christmas songs by the light of the fire. The lights of the gasalier had been turned low on purpose, but anybody in the secret and favoured with an oppor- tunity for peeping in at the closely cur- tained windows might have recognised among the company two individuals who have already appeared in this story. A certain gentleman, who seven years pre- viously met at night time another gentleman, mysterious and becloaked, at a dark street corner, to whom the first brought a report concerning a baker who had "swallowed a bait." As they appear on this second occasion the one is Mr. Simeon Swagshaw and the other Dr. Mummery Tombs, and for par- ticular and private reasons they are very close friends indeed. The said reasons, however, were not so private as that Mr. Wormwood, the ex- undertaker, was able to impart them in full to the baker at that hasty confer- ence in the workhouse lumber room. It appeared that Dr. Tombs, whose various dissipations had reduced him from a respectable position to a mere back- street practice, had been called in on account of his low charges by the parsi- monious retired corn merchant during his last illness. The old man's ailment keeping him lingering for several weeks, doctor and patient became quite friendly, and Doctor Tombs got to know how the eccentric old hunk intended to dispose of his property. He had but two rela- tives—nephews, the one Phillip Priestly, a ne'er do well journeyman baker, and the other, Simeon Swagshaw, who was getting a bare living at Birmingham, being engaged in some agency. He had no love for either of them, but being of opinion that the baker was rather less of a rogue and more of a fool than the agent, he intended to bequeath to the former a life interest in his estate to the amount of three hundred a year, and nothing at all to Swagshaw unless he outlived his cousin. If he did, the whole estate would become his. If he did not, at Priestley's death everything was to be expanded in founding alms- houses for decayed corn- porters. The upshot was that Doctor Tombs, having reflected how he might turn to profit- able account his knowledge of the old man's testamentary intentions, shortly afterwards made a journey to Birming- ham, and, discovering Mr. Simeon Swag- shaw, experienced not much difficulty in coming to an understanding with him. With the weak-minded journeyman baker, he happened to be already acquainted, and he was likewise intimate with Mr. Wormwood, the undertaker. Of what ensued the reader is already aware. It is necessary to state, however, that Doctor Mummery Tombs behaved with great rascality in connection with the mock death and burial of Phil Priestley. The latter was paid his share of the nefarious proceeds and fled from England, but poor Mr. Wormwood got a mere ten pounds of the booty, and, being a nervous man and in terror of the law, he was afraid to press for more. So, on the whole, the doctor made a very good thing of it. Three hundred pounds of the insurance plunder five hundred, in the first instance, from Mr. Swagshaw—whose title to the Bag- ster estate, his cousin's death being proved, was indisputable—and many a score of pounds since from the same gentleman, Dr. Mummery Tombs having him completely under his thumb, as the saying is. Such, then, was the position of affairs on the Christmas night whem Mr. Simeon Swagshaw was entertaining his friends and relatives in his handsome drawing room at the Thorns, and as already intimated, the party had arrived at the song-singing and story-telling stage of the evening's programme. Now it happened that one of the guests, young Mr. Bumpstead, had a sort of talent for writing fictional stories, and had, indeed, appeared in print on more than one occasion. When it came to his turn io entertain the company he blushingly produced from the breast- pocket of his dress coat a neatly folded M.S. "I am afraid," he remarked, "I have taken rather a liberty with our generous host, my respected brother-in- law, but the temptation was irresistable. As he is aware, I am tolerably well acquainted with the late Mr. Bagster's eccentricities, as well as with the tragic fate of the unfortunate nephew who was to have inherited his wealth, but died without even knowing of the bequeath- ment, and I have ventured to utilise the said material and work it up into a Christmas romance. As I need not say, it is intended merely for our private amusement, and not for publication." "My dear fellow,"' remarked Dr. Tombs, "the idea of publishing such matter is, of course, quite out of the question. Indeed, if you will permit me to say as much, I should have thought that a man of your genius might easily have hit on a more agreeable subject for his pen. It is an exceedingly clever production, no doubt, but possibly it may be—" " Oh, let us have dear Joe's story, by all means," cried little Mrs. Swagshaw, clapping her hands. " It is sure to be nice and thrilling—his stories always are. There is a ghost in it, of course, Joe ?" The budding author nodded his head affirmatively, and looked towards his brother-in-law for some encourage- ment to begin. He did not get it, however. With a severe preliminary "Ahem" Mr. Swagshaw was about to state his objection, when he was met with such a clamorous demand from everbody present for the "ghost- story" that he could no other than give way. So the young gentleman adjusted his eye-glasses and unfolding the M.S. commmenced. "At the early part of the present century, there stood in one of the most charming and salu- brious suburbs of London a red-brick mansion, surrounded by its own grounds, the proprietor of which was a retired mer- chant of the name of Sackster. He was a bachelor. Of an eccentric turn of mind, which those, who misjudged him termed miserliness, he did not avail him- self of the whole of his handsomely fur- nished abode, but with only one aged female domestic to wait on him, he occu- pied one room at the end of a corridor that—" We did not get beyond that, a piercing shriek from the youngest Miss Bump- stead causing the guests, one and all, to start up from their chairs, and, in affright, gaze in the direction to which the young lady was pointing, with one hand outstretched, and the other covering her horrified eyes. There, within the dim depths of the corridor— which, in consequence of the drawing- room door standing ajar, was visible to all present—stood what was unmistak- ably a ghost. And whose but that of the individual whose story the young author was in the act of telling? It was shrouded in white, and stood quite at the far end of the passage where was the entrance to the haunted room ; and, while the guests—excepting those ladies who had already fainted—stared at it in sickening dismay, it advanced a yard or two, as though intending to come straight into the drawing-room, and then, seemingly altering its mind, it turned about, and, re-entering the haunted room, the door of which opened at its touch, vanished from view. There was a rush for the stairs, and in a few seconds the room was deserted except for two persons, the doctor and the host. They, too, would probably have fled with the others, but guilty ter- ror chained them to their seals. "Pre- serve us! here it comes again!" and Doctor Tombs clutched his quaking com- panion.Yes, twice it came again, not gliding as commonplace ghosts invari- ably do, but with folded arms and de- liberate strides, out of the corridor into the drawing-room, in the centre of which was a table spread with fruit and nuts and decanters of wine. Halting at the irresistable display the famished man filled a tumbler with port and drank it down, and then turned to the two terri- fied confederates, who were cowering in a corner. They knew now that it was no ghost, but Philip Priestley himself, but were scarcely less dismayed and con- founded on that account. Emboldened by their display of cowardice as well as by the draught of wine, Priestly made a pounce at the crouching form of Mr. Swagshaw, and, reviling him as a swindling scoundrel, was in the act of dragging him out of the corner, when, with amazing presence of mind, Dr. Tombs rose, and with rapid steps crossed the room and closed the door. "You pair of villains !" cried the ex- cited baker. " You know me again, then, starved and worn to skin and bone as I am, and all through your infernal trickery!" "Pray calm yourself, my dear Priestely," said Dr. Tombs, whose face was white as the baker's own, " There has evidently been a dreadful—a most inexplicable mistake. But this is neither the time or place for the explanation you have, of course, a perfect right to de- mand. We will meet you to-morrow where you please, say at ten in the morn- ing near the Elephant and Castle. "Here is money,'' and he gave him his purse. "Buy what you immediately require, and, rely on it, everything shall be set right. All we ask is that you take your departure now, if possiblo unobserved; no one saw you come in, and you can no doubt, set out the same way." Phil Priestly was not averse to this arrangement, for, after all, he was scarcely in a position to publicly expose the base business. First peeping into the purse, and seeing that it contained several sovereigns, he put it in his pocket. "Let it be so then," he remarked. "If you are not there, you will see me here again." And he re- turned to the haunted room, out- side the window of which was the rain- water pipe by the aid of which he had climbed up and effected an entry, and could even more easily make his exit. Mr. Simeon Swagshaw and his friend were punctual in keeping the appoint- ment they had made with Phil Priestly, very much to the satisfaction of the indi- vidual last mentioned. Without troubl- ing the reader with the full particu- lars of what transpired at the interview it may be mentioned that one result of it was the anonymous transmission of £500 in bank-notes to the insurance office that had been defrauded. Another result was that within three days Mr. Phillip Priestley and his friend, the ex-undertaker, might have been seen well dressed and cheer- ful, and on their way to secure first-class passages to Melbourne, that being the chief condition imposed on them by Mr. Swagshaw and his friend, the doctor, when they agreed to the baker's heavy, but under the circumstances not exorbi- tant, monetary demand. And, fortu- nately for both emigrants, it was a ready-cash transaction. Had bills of long date been given instead they would certainly have been dishonoured, for within eighteen months of their depar- ture from England the rascally doctor had so manouvred that his confederate was left with so few feathers to fly with, as the saying is, that it was a difficulty for him to take wing with his family even as far as Birmingham, where he was glad to take up again with the coal- agency business he had abandoned when he entered into wicked league with Doctor Tombs. —London Daily Tele- graph. 