7BS & ANSWERS* WEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS. munications intended for pubHc^Qn. ^nd auiries, should be addressed to The Editor Australasian," and. to secure attention, ' nACvcVy case, be accompanied by the name ddrL ot the writer, tor tbe satisfaction of ditor. Nothing can be inserted which does -ach Uic office before 2 o'clock on Wednesday. ... -v# TrtWPtt" writes:-"Last week's re Admirer ^ master of Balliol was a Win/wo^))Wcal titbit. The book that in 21 i? iv lowett roost must have been Bos encet "f Dr Johnson,' for we are told "'he read that standard work fifty times; and \- C S Sahs8.»^tioTin" Ll" One 'r lSn Snhinx Of that statesman, Dr. ° if5 wrote-"If Dizzy were sitting on the of the bottomless nit, and about to it he has such pluck and power of I'nothinir in liis lopks would evqr wdi Z '' "mh fu that has been related of Dr. «e t:s taciturnity, abstraction, and introspec T" he exhibited unfailing kindness and im n'ltive sympathy with others in sorrow. In beautiful letter to one whose young sister-m iv was dying he wrote :-'It is not so sad, even youth, to link slowly into,the grave-may we v into the arms of Godi 3 in Cavities.-"Bald Hills" ' writes:-"This nI- interest some of your correspondents, \ears n two mates put down a shaft on Stewart s iU MoC.l. At the depth of over lOOtt.. in lartz they came across a small cavitj filled ?l, water. In it was a live frog, that only ved a few seconds after being taken out of water. No old workings of any depth were oar the shaft, nor any drive connected with Id workings; also, the shaft was far deeper than , other on the HilL" Tlicre is marked con st between the vagueness of "years ago, hen the event happened, and the de iteness of the "few reconds" (not imitos) that the frog lived after coming the surface. There is nothing remarkable in civity occurring in a Quartz reef, and water ntprine in through a crevice or opening big noiigh to admit a frog. Of course, the minere, v breaking into the cavity, destroyed the only "Vans there was of determining what the open ly was like. From what we know of quartz which is crystalline), and its mode of occur nce in reefs, we can be quite Bure that the nter could not liave been in the cavity from lie beginning. j c Welcome Nugget."-A correspondent re nt ly threw doubt on the authenticity of the holograph we reproduced of the Welcome Nug et, and fiiifrgefited it must have referred to the! Ylrome Stranger. "Bald Hills" writes thus in pport of the same view:-"The picture you | ve was from a photo, taken by Mr. Parker, of iiiinllv, of the 'Welcome Stranger Nugget,' ound at Moliagul, by Messrs. Deason and Oats. | here is no doubt about this, as Messrs. Deason nd Oats are easily recognised in your picture; lso, you will note that Parker's name is on the re of the photo." .11." (Cohurg).-It will not do the gulls any arm to clip one wing in each case. The clip inir requires to be attended to periodically, therwise the birds may be able to get enough alance to fly over the garden fence and scape. % I.." (St. Hilda).-Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft and Ir. and Mrs. Kendal played together at the Lon on Prince of Wales Theatre early in 1878, in "Diplomacy." It was probably one of the trongest comedy casts that can be remembered i|»m the modern stage, including also the late Dim Clayton, the late Arthur Cecil, and Mr. Clias. Sugden. Mrs. Kendal, of course, played pom; Mrs. Bancroft was the Countess Zicka. Ir. Kendal took the part of Captain Bcauclerc; Mr. Bancroft Orloff; Mr. Clayton, Henry Beau-, olorr; Mr. Cecil, Baron Stein; and Mr. Sugden, Aluic Fairfax. Iiirty-three Years' Subscriber" (Sydney).-1. The statement that the highest mountain in the world is situated in New Guinea is fiction. No mountain much exceeding 13,000ft. has yet been seen. The fiction had its origin in the yarn of Captain Lawson, who reported that he had seen a mountain 25,000ft. high. Were there any such mountain on unexplored New Guinea it would be visible at 6ca. The highest peak in the range north of Port Moresby is Mount Victoria, 33.121 ft., and the next Mount Seratchley, J2.2.;0ft. 2. The area of the British dominions in JS!>1 was 9,178,307 square miles. It has since1 lifcn largely augmented by the annexation of trn itories in Central and South Africa. I Protectorates are not included in the figures given. The total area of the Russian Empire in is;u was 8.4S4.813 square mites. A recent issue \ of the Victorian Year - Book says:-"The British Empire covers an area somewliat larger than European and Asiatic Russia combined, more than four tiroes as large as Russia in Europe, more than twicc as large as the Chinese Empire, and over two and a half times as large as the United States; while its population is j equal to seven-eighths ot that of the Chinese Empire, is more than three times as large as that of the Russian Empire, is five times as large as that of France and its possessions, is Ave and a half times as large as that of the United States, and seven times as large as that of Germany." The population of the British Empire in 1891 (census year) was 346,335.903, and of the Rus sian Empire 114.090,624. Statistic* as to trade, .» not available on the scale you require. j iter's Ghost." - K.W.D. writes : - Fisher's l-h'ttt is referred to in a lecture delivered many years ago in the old Eshibition-building, Wil nani-streot, by Sir Archibald Michie, on '.S|>ooks." A narrative of the actual facts leading up to the legend was made public about a year ium, through Mr. James Norton, M.L.C., son of t he solicitor for one of the parties. In 1826 there lived at Campbelltown, New South Wales, a farmer named Frederick Fisher, who was assisted by a friend named Worrell. Fisher con templated a visit to England, but his neighbours were surprised at his sudden departure on June 1<,1820. Worrall, who professed to hold an authority from Fisher, began to dispose of the property, without exciting any suspicion. Several weeks after a neighbour named Farley, alleged to be drunk, was found lying on ft bridge over the creek, near Fisher's farm. On being brought to his senses he said that on crossing the bridge he saw Fisher sitting on the rail, and greeted ,!" \n . friendly way. The supposed Fisher gilded off the rail and proceeded down the creek, motioning Farley to follow, but Farley was so terrified that he feinted from fright. Farley's story was not long in reaching the ears of Mr. Norton who, as Farley was known as a sober, re spectable man, induced the Attorney-General, Mr. Saxe Bannister, to investigate the matter. a reward was offered, blade trackers were ob tamed, blood marks were found on the bridge., They followed the direction taken by the ghost, ®s pointed out by Farley, and coming' to a water , .declared that the scum on the surface was whiUman'Bfat." "Hie spot when Fisher's body vim buried lay discovered, and the corpse un earthed. Worrall was tried and executed, having confessed the crime, but he claimed that Fisher's death was accidentally caused. The date of Far tPJ B Khost is here given, not on 17th June, 182flr-aa Mr. A. O. Macdonald Instances btrt Several weeks after." (Allthiscanbe made to Ik ,n W1.th ^ hypothesis that Farley knew ot the murder, and invented the ghost story to free bear) ^rom * burden it oould no longer lonel Hay's "A Woman's Love."-"A.T.M.," Baliarat, writes:-"Be OttlOMel Johta Hay's poem. Svf.n 'Wtcrary Note** In The Australasia? of May a, the motif will be found in the ahort Jtory, "Ttie Soul io Purgatory; or, Love Stronger than Death,* Included -In -Bir * Edward Bulwer »£.tU? ! p"Srin» of the Bhinft.' This book was April, 1840, and receded Adelaide Proc ®f * Faithful SouL' From a cri tical point of view, the -story Is better told in Bulwer Lytton's proee -than in Oolcmel John Hay's verse." norant."-l. It h one of the rules of Hie ser Jlf® Jhft.-Only representatives of the Crown, t &c.;, mr# entitled to fly the Union tVr *i1i.hout » white border, 8. *ee answers Under "Cycling." 1\. Unsubscribed capital conslrts of yW'h hare not bean issued: uncalled eapi is the amount ant oallaa ud on thuei which have been issued. 2. The object is to ob tain possession ot securities which are worth more than their bee value. 3. The meaning generally is that the banks, with the laudable desire of making profits, will give less for bills on London than they will sell them for. They, therefore, buy bills at 60 and 90 days' sight at less than face value, and charge more than face value for bills at way date. "Hopetoun" -*?-" many did he buy of each?1 the number of bullocks, Y the num 8^1F?P> *jd Z the number of fowls. will ®t!.L A. »are ro<5Vircd 40 ^ numbers that will satisfy the two conditions: J + Y + Z = lOO-(l). It follows00^-20Y+Z = 2000-(2) 1» Y + 99 X = 1900-(3). v1 '"determinate equation, and the values of X and \ can be easily shown to be of me lorms: X = ISM; T ,, Y = 100-99M. in the question under consideration X and Y are subject to the conditions that each must be positive; and each must be integral. Hence the only admissible value of M is M = 1. Therefore X = 10; And hence by equation (1) m, Z = 8°; Thus tiie man pays £95 for 19 bullocks, £1 for 1 tfieep, and £4 for 80 fowls; total, £100 for 100 bead of "stock." "Mizpah."--If the amount which you are prepared to spend m the purchase of gifts is small you had better buy them yourself; if considerable, the Pa«'M might take it as a compliment if you asked them to select for themselves. The pre ference should be given to ornaments. "Dengue."-l. Dengue is the name given to jungle or swamp fever in New Guinea and other Poly nesian islands. 2. Tlic Order of St. John, as it at present exists, is a survival of an order founded in 1023, and originating in an hospital dedicated to John the Baptist, which some mer chants of Amalfl were permitted by the Khalif to erect for the accommodation of European visitors to Jerusalem. For several centuries the knights were a powerful body. From 1530 to 1798 they held Malta, which the Grand Master then treacherously surrendered to the French. Since 1798 the order has become extinct as a sovereign body, but it still maintains an exist ence in Italy, Spain, &c.; There is a branch of the order, with headquarters at St. John's Gate, London, which does some service in keeping up a hospice at Jerusalem. It is doubtless for some duty rendered to that branch that the honour of knighthood was conferred. 3. See other depart ments. "J.A.L." (Carlton) asks for a solution of the equations x + xy + y = 29 - (1) xx - yy = 9 - (2). Add 1 to both sides of equation (1). .Oien x + xy 4- y + 1 = 30; or (x + 1) (y + 1) = 30 - (3). Now put x + 1 = m and y + 1 = n. Thus, mn = 30, And n = 30 -f m - (4). Also, from equation (2) (m - 1) (m - 1) - (n - 1) (n - 1) = 9; and therefore _ mm - 2m - nn + 2n = 9 - (5). Substitute in equation (5) the value of n in terms of m which is given by equation (4); clear of fractions, and rearrange. Thus mmmm - 2mmm - 9mm + 60m - 900 = 0; or (m - 6) (mmm + 4mm + 15m + 150) = 0. It follows that either ni - 0 = 0 - (6), or else that mmm + 4mm + 15m + 150 = 0 - (7). Equation (6) gives m = 6. Then it follows from equation (4) that n = 5. Hence one pair of values of x and y are x = 5, and y = 4. "Classic" (Fitzroy).-In classic mythology, the principal god of atmospheric cliange was Zeus (Jupiter), and under him was Aeolus, rod of wind. Under Aeolus were inferior deities, really common nouns personified-Boreas, North Wind; Zephyrus, West; Eurus, East; Aus^er, South; Notus, South-West; Typho, Storm par ticularly dust 6tonn. Hera (Juno) was some times considered the gnddess of the sky or air. Earthquakes were caused by Poseidon (Neptune), who was god of the sea. "Tasma."-You wrote, "Lex dcficere non potest in juEtitiu oxhibena." If the last word .?m be taken as intended for "exhibenda" the mean ing of the sentence is that in doing juctice law must act as if there were no gaps-as if law had provided for every contingency. "Young Inquirer."-No date has been fixed for the next clerical examination for the public seryice. , It is five or six years since the last one was held, owing to the decision of the Stiels, Patterson, and Turner Ministries not to increase the number of civil servants. The last exami nation for female and non-clerical employes was held in December, 1896, and the number that quclified then is sufficient to fill all requirements of the service for some considerable time. "M.R." (Gollunal.bin).-The ship Damascus (Aber deen White Star lilie) arrived in Melbourne on January 6, and left on February 4. "H.B.C." (Melbourne).-To prevent glue size from decomposing put about 2oz. of alum to a bucketful of size. "Inquirer."-1. Telegraphy can be learnt in from six to nine months. No date has been fixed for the next public service examination, notice of which will be given in the daily papers. 2. The salary is about £50 per annum. "G H.E." (Hughenden).-Bakers do not put ammonia into bread. Some use a little alum when the flour is bad to whiten it, but even the putting in of alum is regarded as adultera tion. "Maldon."-1. They come in various forms, ac cording to the situation of the place attacked, and the symptoms you name are not a sufficient guide. 2. Excision is resorted to, because, as long as the disease, or any part of it, is allowed to remain, it keeps on growing. "Puzzled."-The practice meant is that of a pro fessional auditor or accountant whose livelihood depends upon such practice. The board must "eIe?*" (Beaconsfleld).-1. The parable of the cup of cold water suggests that it would be a pity to let such an opportunity of obtaining high reward pass out of the district. 2. ere the comment allowed to proceed on to the writer, who happens to be a lady, it might emulate the boomerang in its mode of flight. 8. Till some one comes along to make investigation with a spade, you are entitled to believe that vou dwell by a geyBer, or that the Inferno is situated ac commodatingly near the township. "Prospector" (Cue, W-A.).-Mr. R. nenryWal eott, of the Technological Museum, Public Library, obliges with . note as follows:- Tel lurides of gold are soft (easily scratched by a knife) and of brilliant metallic lustre when freshly broken, but frequently tarnished on old surfaces. In colour they vary from silver-white to pale yellow. When crystallised, forms re sembling written characters are sometimes pro duced, whence the name 'graphic tellurium, given to the variety sylvanite. Minerals, such as iron pvrites, arsenical pyrites, and arsenical iron, which are of common occurrence, and; at timds mistaken for gold tellundes, may be dis tingushed from them by their superior hardness, resisting the scratch of a knife. When submitted to continued heating on charcoal by a candle flame and blowpipe, the telli^dee give abluish £££ colour to the flame, and finally yield a yel £w metallic button of gold. The other minerals would give either a strong smell of sulphur or /flrsniic). and leave ft black residue fit* f^ctable by the magnet Soft, easily friable minerals, lite tetrahedrite (fahltry), and twurno Ste* which at times occur in quartz ree^ ^en heated give oft a strong smell do not yield * yellow metallic button. Gold fSlnrides dissolve in aqua regla (two parts of hvdrbchloric acid to one of nitric); leaving a white residue of silver c^de, which soon darkens on exposure to light. .. Jntin Brown"-The transportation of prisoner* from&XTd; to the West Indies in the 17th and 18Ui oenturies led to praotloal slavery there. It waa held that their services were the ProP"2j Grown. In 1718 contraotora were employed to sat got rid of by chipping them to the West Indiei for' service in the plantations. One of Besant'n recent novels is founded on euoh procedure. "Tube"(St. Hilda).-1. W. and G. Dean, Collins pl&oe;, Melbourne, or any wholesale firm. 2. Lloyd Bros, and Maginnls, Market- street, Melbourne. " C.R." (Etsaendon).-The Fried rich der Groase and the B&rbarossa; are the same size and tonnage. 