THE DEVIL'S HEAD 'y. V - " (Published bx.Speoiai, AmiANOEtrENi. j By J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, Author of "An Exoellont Knavo," "Tho Life and Advontnres of Pog Wofflngton,' i:- " . $': "How Cnmo Ho Doud," "A Justified Sinner," On Wheels of Fire," ' ' Tho Most Gorgeous Ludy Blessingtou, ' 1 &o.;,"&o.; J > - . (CorxnioitT. | fy : - CHAPTER XXIV. ' '".a ') ' : , In tith Nirnrr Timk. brouclit I back witbistartling vividness tbo tragedy 1 ol PhiUp?s death, tho remembrance of jithe suspicion sbo bad attached to the ' i man she loved, the. recollection ..of tbo almost unendurable terrors from which 'sho had suffered so long. Moreover, she boliovcd that Foulsham ' ' associated liqr with a torviblo crime. I There was no mistaking his meaning. 'Nor wero his surmises unreasonable. ' Ho had heard her cry out, ho had soon her hurry awny that memorable- night, 'and like nil who know her, he was aware thatiater on sho had lost none of ' the advances that a marriage with I Philip would linve secured hor. All 1 that was plain ; what romaiued obscure wus whether Poulshaw considered . liigel, who had profited so much by i Philip's death, had connived at it, 'leaving her to act. This insidious \- doubt roused all her nervous fears afresh, and served as a theme -for '. increased self-torture. ' ' Poulsham scorned honest; hut how long would he remain so ? Ho had taken an oath to keep silent, hut would , ho some day break it ? IE ho failed to prosper abroad would' ho return to haunt her, to menace, to demand ? Tho wonder was that others — game keepers or lahotu'crs, those who by nccidont or occupation had been in tho purk that night — had not seen her. Pur all she know someone else had watched Iter, and would iu timo start forward to aeeuso hor. Thoro was really no soourity for her so long as life lasted ; sho dally walked upon a mine that might explode nt uny moment. She was haunted by a thousand threatening thoughts, that bewildered her until her pulse throbbed nt fever pitch, aud she began to oxperienco that sickly, numbing pain that of old had frequently attacked hor head. From the momout Foulsham spoke she hail resolved to give him all sho possessed. Rigcl had settled on hor a thousand a year, which she was frco to spend as slie plcnscd. Oulicrlionoymoon his excessive generosity ' prevented hor from touching this sum, which would still bo to hor credit in full if hor brother i had not borrowed from hor. Sho had I yet some seven hundred pounds- left, I and this sho would' hand to Foulsham. Though it would lessen hor nervous . droads to tell Rigcl what had taken , place, yet she determined to keep it secret from him, for she knew it would distress him, and sho feared ho would not allow her to remain under suspicion even at tho risk of confessing what really had happened. .And that must' never bo known. . She would declare herself guilty rather than allow him to' suffer, for sho loved him deuror than her life. At dinner that night she was without appetite, hor pallor was noticeable, aud it wus with difficulty she subdued lior nervousness. The party consisted of liorself and ltigol, his aunt, and Lady George Sedgoiuoor. ' I havo had a lottor to-day,' said Lady Trentham, whilst tho soup was being sorvod, ' from that brratic creature Dr. Bickorstoth, ' who tells mo he has returned to town, whoro at .present ' there uro yery fow of his frionds, so that he doesn't quito kuow what to do with himself.' ' Why not ask liim to comeund stay hero?' ltigol suggested. If it woro agreeable to Oriann, 1' should much like to invito him,' answered tho countoss, with her win ning srailo. 'My dear aunt,' ..said: the hostess, 'you know how plcnsed wo should ho to welcome nny frioud of yours.' ' That is most kind of you, my dear, .and I will oertiiinly ask him. Rigol litis alreudy met him; lie-is an old friond of Lady George, and I'm suro you will . . .'find him very interesting.' .'Ho iswhut I call decidedly breezy,' remarked tho sooioty entortainor. ' And now tho question urisosj' Lady Trentham said, addressing Oriana, ' as ' to whoro you will put liim ; for though i ho is a bacholor — poor man — it will \- Beoni comfortloss to send hpu away to tho .bachelor's quartors whoro ho would ' huve'none of his species for neighbours.' \- - "i'horo 1b the great tapestry room at ' tho end of tho corridor, ' replied Oriana. . ' Yes, as ho has nerves of iron, I dare say ho will not object to 'sleeping in a 1 haunted room!' . ' A haunted room ?' ropcated Oriana, .full of intorost. 'I novor heard it- had a ghostly character,' said Rigol, who strove to conceal his seriousness under cover of a smile. ' Ah, you have yet to learn- all the family traditions. You might as well expoct an old placo liko this to ! ho without ivy as to bo without a ghost,' answered Lady Trentham. ' Have you scon him ?' asked Oriana, bronthlessly, hor oyos full of eagerness. 1 If I had, my cloar, I should not bo , hero; tbo fright would have killed mo. When I was a girl I always ran past tho door of tho room.' .1 Yoii really holievcd ip liim ?' Lady' \- ;. : George said in surprise. ' 1 respected him as an ancient tradi- \ , tion,' tfie countess answered evasively. "S- 'Hdw. delighted Mrs. Ford' Ohildor- ' . ! bert would be- to meet him.' ; . ' Why dooB hp haunt this -room 'in V -- partioular ?' questioned Rigel. v .- .<3tooause-it-was thoro lie poisoned his brother, to whoso 'title, and estates he , succeeded.'. ... Rigol folt a; cold thrill pass through liim, whilst Oriana held her breath, her anxiety preventing her from further questioning the countess. ' I will point out his portrait in tho gallorv to-morrow,' continued Lady Trchtnnm. ' Ho' looks tomarkably handsome, and somewhat wioked. Per haps it was for both reasons he became a favourite with' Queen Elizabeth, and it is said that like many others he spent more monoy on her than he over received from her. At all evits he was deeply in debt and was falling into discredit at court when it occurred to him that ho might enrich himself by poisoning his elder brother, who wus unmarried. The doso was given him in his beer ono morning as he lay iu bed, by tho younger brother who, with locked door, listoncd to his iconics until tho end camo. He died himself within a year, and in that sarao room, which grow to have a horrible fascina tion for him, and evor since he . is said to hRUnt it. My nnrso would never be persuaded that she had not seen him.' ' Whut a long timo his penance has lasted— over 300 yoiirs,' said ' Lady Gcorgo, laughing sceptically. ' Poor spirit ! Poor spirit ! ' mur mured Oriana, earnestly. Rigel remained silent, and from that timo to tho end of the dinner those at table failed to regain tho unrestrained flow of their spirits. Wlion more than 'onco Lndy Gcorgo broaohed somo lively subject it fell flat, and left a greater blank bohind ; as might tho snddon sound of laughter that had momentarily startled the stillness of a vault. Iii the drawing-room Rigel and liis aunt played chess, Lady George sang, und Oriana road. Tho three women retired early, Rigcl taking himself to tho library, where he intended to read for somo timo. Seated ill a great chair, his feet in 'slippors, ho smoked in poacb arid read with dolight chapter after chapter of a charming biography just published. Tho silcuco was unbrokon without and within, savo bythc striking of tho. tower clock, until u sudden pioreing shriek was heard ringing through the niglit. ltigol, recognising Oriana's voico, was electrified by horror. Iustantly ho started to his feot, but before he could reach tho , door a second shriek was heard. Rushing, through the hall, he sprang upstairs, along a corridor and into Oriana's room. He was first to ontor, and found her alone wrapped in a white dressing- gown, lier ' hair tossed liko waves of flame around hor shoulders, her eyes wild with terror, her figure crouching in a distant cornor, fear expressed in every fonturo and in ovory movement. ' Oriana,' he called out, his heart sinking at sight of hor, 'what has happoncd ?' . At first she did not appear to see or hoar him. Her white lips wore mut tering inarticulate words, her long fingers wero twitching convulsively, her eyes were strained as if seeking some abnormal sight. ' Oriana,' he called again, his horror deepening. With a start she looked' at and clung to him, just as her aunt, Lady George, and a couple of inuids hurriedly entered. ' I liavo seen him. I have scon liim. Lot mo keep near you, for I- fear him. Oh, Rigel, Rigel, . como botweon ' us. He hates me— iI-SRw itin his eyes.' ; ' "Who ?' hor husband asked. ' Philip. He was- here; He ' came close to mo. His breath turned mo to ioe. I cannot bear to . see him again — to soo his oyos full of reproach. Save mo. Keep near me — keep near me.' Rigel put his arms round her pity ingly; sho was trembling from head to foot, and hor hands were, cold as marble. You are merely nervous, you have imagined- — \ ' No, no,' she interrupted. Ho was here ; I know ho was bore.' . ' My, dear child,' said Lady Trentham. 'I am to blamo for hnving frightened you with my foolish story.' Oriana looked at the startled com passionate fncos around her, and then said gently, penitently as a child : '.'Forgive me-for having startled you. I coiild not holp it, and God grant ho may novor come to me again. .But ho was herd ; I know ho was hero.' CHAPTER XXY. Docroit BicKEitsiuTii AnmvES. ! T was oh tho third-day thaff terrible her boudoir . talking to George. On tho doctor being sum moned from Hol- gellhylio hadfound hor suffering from a sovere shock to hor neryos, had ordered her to keep perfectly quiet, given her nn opiate, and reeommonded her to remain. in her apartments for some time. This latter suggestion she was un willing to accept, because of her natural restlessness, and of the obstante it would prove to her sooing FouUham. ltigol, however, insisted on her oboying the dootor, and she submitted tbo moro readily when sho remembered that news of hor -illness would explain tlio breach of hor promise to the gamo- kcoper. On visiting lior this day sbo had seemoij so well tbnt tbo doctor gave her tho permission she sought, to join tbo family circle at dinner, believing its cheering effects would benefit her. ' So that I look forward to ray even ing with pleasure,' Oriana said to Lady George. ' My futhor is to dino with us, and I am to rocoive our guobt, Dr. Bickorstoth, who by tho. way, is, an old. friond of yours, I believe ?' . , , 'He is. You are sure to likb'him ; 'he'is-'bluff tuid-hOnesVbnd'as ho always1 speaks his mind he is immensely popular.' ' Why ?' Oriana inquired. ' Because it's such a novelty to hear tho truth about oneself. Not that pcoplo believo him when it's disagreeable.; then ho ceases to bo entertuining, and is merely rudo.' ' Already I feel interested in him.' ' You will be far moro interested wlicn you talk to him, ''answered Lady George. _ ' Ho is most entertaining ; for ho is a famous traveller, a dis tinguished scientist, tho proud discoverer of a now brain nerve, and a man who can writo half tho ulphabot after his name.' ' Quito 'a remarkable - porson,' com mented Oriann. 'Quite.' Ho has known the most famous people and tho greatest lunatics in tho world, and doesn't think thoro's much difference betwoon them.' ' Luuatics ?' ' Yes, ho kopt an asylum for the in sane somewhere abroad, where ho ex perimented on his pationts, and strovo to euro thom by hypnotio suggestion, and I don't kuow what olse. Somo people say the doctor is as mad as his patients ; at all ovents ho is very ontor- taining.' ' You mako me long to know him,' said Oriann. Liko most highly-strung people, sho was quick to regain vitality undor tho stimulus of excitement, so that when evening camo sho felt quite her old solf. Sho dressed early, and was first to reach tlio drawing-room. A wood fire glowing on tho great hearth took the chill from the April nir, and gavo a sense of comfort to the splendour of tho vast room, at which she looked with pride and dolight on coming back to it onco more. As she sat oil a low couch within range of a sooro of lights set in a golden cando- lnbrum, she looked supremely beautiful, so dazzling was her comploxion under tho doop red liulo of her hair, so shapely hor Heck and shoulders on whioh flashed tho heirloom diamonds, so graceful was every curve of hor tall, lithe figure. .. A moment later and Lady Trentham cntorcil buttoning her glovo. . ' I hurried down,' she explained, ' that I might be hero before Dr. Bickor- stctli. He arrived an hour ago, Glyn- dwyr tolls mo. I am really delighted that ho has come to us, for I want yon to consult him, my dear.' ' But I am quite woll, now,' Oriana auswered. ' At all events you are looking quite wol,' Lady Treutham replied, ad miringly, and after a second's hesitation she hent down and kissed Oriana, for whom sho felt a deep affection that was not unmixed with pity. ' But I think ray dear,' sho continued, ' as wo have this opportunity we should avail our selves of it to consult him ; he is said to- be tbo first authority in Europe on the nervous system.' Iioforc Oriana could reply the door opeuod, uud her father and liigel entered. ' Ah, my dear, y ou are looking wonder fully well. Isn't sho ? Isn't sho ? Eh ?' the major asked, as ho turned from his daughter to. lior. husband for confirma tion of his statement. ' No more' nightmares, eh ? A Bpin aoross country would blow- oil foolish foitrs to the winds. "What do you say," donr boy, if wo tiiko her out to morrow. Eh ?' ' 1 fear it's too soon,' Rigol nnsworcd. 'Ah,'' said Lady Trentham as sho nroso ; ' horo is tho doctor,' and sho advanced to shako hands with a burly, broad- sbouldcred man, with thick iron- gray linir growing tew on his square forehead, buBhy eyebrows, overhanging oycB whoso brightness hud something motallic, a shaggy beard, protruding lips, and a chin, the feature that most distinguished tlio upo from the man, massive and determined. . . ' I know your jotirnoy from town has not fatigued a traveller like you,' said -tho countess. ' Sir Rigol and you havo already mot, but I must introduce you to ray nioco, Lady Tregazkos.' (to bb continued, | . 