The Demon Ship. 'Twas off the Wash — tho sun went down— the sea lookad black and grim, ? ' For stormy clouds with murky flteoe wera mustering at the brim : Titanic shades 1 enormous gloom I— as if tht solid night Of Erebus rose nnddonly to seize upon tho light) It was a time for mariners to bear a wary eye, With suoh a dark conspiracy between the ee» und sky 1 ...' . Down went my helm — clo«e reefed — the taok held freely in my hand — With ballast snug— I put about, and soudded for the land. Loud hissed the sea beneath her lee ; my Iittls boat flew fast, ' ( But faster still the ruehing storm came borne upon the blast. Lord 1 what a roaring hurricane be6ot the straining sail I What furious sleet, with level drift, and fierce assaults of hail ! What darksomo caverns yawn before t what jagged steeps behind I . Like battle-steeds, . with foamy manes, wild . . , tossing in the wind. Each after each sank down astern, exhausted in the chase, But where it sank another rose and galloped in its place ; As black as night— they turned to white, and cast against the cloud A BDowy sheet, as if each surge npturned a ~* ? sailor's shrood :'. ' Still flew my boat ,* alas ! her course was ' nearly run 1 , Behold yon fatal billow rise— ten billows heaped in one ! , With fearful speed the draary mass come roll- ',, ing, rolling fast, - As if the scooping sea contained only one , wave, at last ! t . Still on it came, with horrid roar, a swiftpur suing grave 1 ? It seemed as though some cloud had turned ' its hugeness to a wave ! Its briny sleet began to beat beforehand in ' my face— I felt the rearward keel begin to climb its ? swelling base ! I saw its Alpine hoary head impending over . mine ! Another pulse, and down it rushed, an ?( avalanche of brine I Brief name had I, on God to ory, or think of wife and home ; ' . The waters closed— and when I shrieked, I shrieked below the foim 1 ? Beyond that rush I have no hint of any after* deed— ? \ For I was tossing on the waste as sensoleis as a weed . ' ' Where am I? in the breathing world, or in the world of death ?' With Bharp and sudden pang I drew another birth of breath ; My eyes drank in a doubtful light, my ears a doubtful Bound, And was that ship a real ship whose tackle seemed'; around ? A moon, as if the earthly moon, was ehinins up aloft ; ° But were those beams the very beams that I had been so oft ? A face that mocked the human face before me watched alone ; ' But were those eyes the eyes of man that looked against my own ? O 1 never may the moon again disclose me . such a sight As met my gaze, when first I looked on that accursed night ! Fva Been a thousand horrid shapes begot ot. ^ fierce extremes Of fever; and most frightful things hare haunted in my dreams — Hyenas, cats, blood-loving bats, and apes with hateful stare, Pernicious snakes, and shaggy bolls, the lion aud she-bear, Strong enemies, with Judas looks, of treaohery and spite — Detested features, hardly dimmed and banished by the light 1 Pale-sheeted ghosts, with gory looks, upstart ing from their tombs — All fantasies and images that flit in midnight glooms Hugs, goblins, demons, Iemures, have made me all aghast, — But nothing like that Grimlt One who atood beside the mast ! His cheek was black— his brow was black— his eyes and hair as dark : His hand was black, .aud where it touched it left a sable mark ; ' His throat was black, his vest the* same, and wheu I looked beneath, His breast was black— all, all was blaofc, except his grinning teeth. His sooty crow were like in hue, as bl»ck as Afrio slaves ! O, horror ! e'en the ship was blaok that — ploughed the inky waves ! ' Alas !' I cried, ' for love of truth and bleesed mercy's sake, Where am I? in what dreadful ship? upon what dreadful lake ? What shape is that, so very grim, and black as any coal ? It is Mahound, the Evil One, and he has gained my soul ! O, mother dear ! my tender nurse ! dear meadows that beguiled \ My happy days, when I was yet a sinless child, — ? My mother dear— my native fields, I never more shall see : I'm sailing in the Devil's Ship, upou tho Devil's Sea !' * Loud laughi-d that Sablb Mabinkh, and loudly in return His sooty crew cent 'forth a langh that rang from stem to stern — A dozen pair of grimly cheeks wore crumpled on the nonco— As many sots of grinning teeth came shining out at once ; A dozen gloomy shapes at once enjoyed the merry fit, With rhriuk und yell, and oaths as well, like demon of the Pit. They .crowed their fill, and then the Chief made answer for tho whole ; — ' Our skins,' said he, ' are black, yo see, be cause wo carry coal ; You'll (hid your mother' sure enough, and see your nutivo fields — For this hore ship has picked you up, tb* Mary Ann, of Shields !' — Thomm HoavL 