FEDERAL CONVENTION THURSDAY, MARCH 25. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 10.30 a.m. MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. The PRESIDENT—I have the honor to announce the receipt from the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for she Colonies, through his Excellency the Governor, of a message from her "Majesty the Queen. Mr. Chamberlain's message Mates— ' I Jun received her Hijertr* wrmiwli to dean yon to acquaint the Federal Convention that she iakapfneciat m?rat in Ibelr jnoceedingi, and hopes toader Divine guidance that their lahon wffl result in liaMiiaHieaenttoAaitralia. Ideriretoaddmyown SanBal vbbe* for a racceasfnl mult which will con "<dnss to the dignity and strength of the Empire. I flunk this is a fitting moment to call for three ?he*nrforth?Qneen. (Cheers.) * CHAIRMANOF COMMITTEES. v ???. Sir GEORGE TURNER moved— ' Bat the Hon. Bir Sithard Onney Baker be aP- j . Minted Chairinin ot Oonimittfft ot the whole ot this' Ogaveafioa. ' ' . They hoped to be in committee on Mondav ?neJc$'aad therefore it was necessary that a dbairmaii should be appointed. Jh£DWAHD BRADDON seconded. . / vl$r RICHARD BAKES submitted himself *>tj?Convention, but if the proceedings of jSb Convention were unduly prolonged it tajght be necessary for him to ask to be ro- JSaVed of tae.poaition, as at the end of May be ? fhad to contest an election for the Legislative Council. (Sir Joseph Abbott—" We are not going to Bit till the end of Mav.") -? ,\jCanied. . ? ? *?' MR. BARTONS RESOLUTIONS. Mr. CAKRTJTHERS (N.S.W.). in re suming the debate on Mr. Barton's resolu tions, thooght it was a matter for congratula tioo that the mantle of Sir Henry Parkes, . the great leader of Federation, should have fallen on the shoulders of such an ardent ad vocate of union as Mr. Barton, who could be relied uptai to do his best for the accomplish ment of Che great work before the Convention. (Heai; hear.'} Perhaps it would be better for members to leave platitudes behind, and having exhibited the.fall measure of polite-; ness, deal with those matters which would be come the vital and burning, questions of the Convention. (Hear, hear.) A spirit of com- promise must be observed, but they must not |F.,iarget that any compromise most be accepted ly. the people of Australia, who were the' final arbiters in the situation. What the Con vention-would frame would be but the dry "bones of -the Constitution, *into which the people most' breathe, the breath of life. Therefore it -should be . based os the broadest .grounds of humanity, for the people thought' mare of flesh ?ml blood -than mere -inanimate things. The rights of the State most be subordinate to the supreme rights of the- poopta themselves. (Hear, near*).' It would be difficult to persuade \- .them to sacrifice any of those atzpreme rights even when such a coarse would be necessary forcompromise. While he congratulated Me . Barton on the happy turn he had raven to the ftHHimhln to his resolutions ~by, the insertion :cf the words "to enlarge the powers of self fgovieniHieiit of the.people ofrAustralasia* he thought it might have been extended by the additional words "to extend the influence of Idle people of Australasia." Inseparably con nected with the safety of tie country was the wider influence of Australasia in Australasian, waters, >Onx expenditure for defence would be .proportionate with the oSessum of that influence. (Hear, heat.) One of the results ofpur isolation and disunion was that the xmfueace of jfore^n -Powers in Australasian waters had increased. Weshould look-with gloomy forebodings on .the-future if Tasmaniawas i? the handsof aforeign Power, asd yet two-toads oi Kew Guinea was in the %aadsdf:4woPt>?en which might at any time be involved in var with -the old country. tHear,beaE.)Hb hoped that the Premiets, In their coming visit to England, would.see whether itis not stiH,po6sibje. to acquire. back *bb?8.portiane of New Guinea. (Hear, hear.} 7 >He.knew,*hat some time ago the British Go vernment received often from-de Dutch and -? German Government!! to sell their portions of KearfGuinea for £1,000,000. The Federal Parliament should have absolute control V ever taxation and the. raising of. its revenue. We should not frame any Con- Btitation which .would refuse the people o£ hereafter the right to mould then---own. system of taTntifyi. (Hear, hear.) Ifthey were only given the'tight of raising \- taxation by Costoms duties it would take-away '. the right of the majority to.?ver adopt a ,- arEtenxof dbxot taxation. (Hear, bear.) In # -America two pitfalls .of this -sort; which had \- r?riginsl C^nsUtiition by framers who did not fpresee totare requirements, had teen the ?: reason j?ky a Rigantio -system of protection had bee<?ossiblean4 had also, txxm the reason .' &r; tti&Sapreme; Coort of the United States ,- forbidding the application cf'.-direct taxation. v.The wishes of tnepooplo of toe United States had been-directly thwarted in the Utter respeat and we shoukl avoid .each an ooenr . renoe m Australasia.' As regarded <????"?? to Iroped no offence would betaken when he .raid that the *~VKt.j -feiii.^?l eiperts of Aimtralm were ontBida the Convention >' and were either Government officers or the awvanta of large frnandn] institutions. He would IBce to see a Select Committee ap ? pointed without delay, whose?fanction would be to Obtain information on financial matters. intheinterestBof eoonomy there should be a desireliot-to increase but to *"i?i* the macbinerjr of government, far. sorely there never was aiiountry oh the face of the earth so over-goTcmea an Australia. (Hear, hear.) We had jseyen Governors, seven Agents- General, 14 HpBses of Parliament, and seven distinct Supreme Courts, whfle Great Britam, withL40,900,000 people had bat one Parliament. Ho would lie to~Bee one Agent-General and one Governor- Genera],' because the" Chief Jnstices of the several colooies were quite able to ftdfa tiie formal {unctions bfldentenant- Governors. He was verygladtohearthe.dele gates of Victoria and Sonth Australiaspeak so wafnuy iii favbr. of *hpi??iitij^ the intercolonial Cpstom^ouaes. He was agreeably surprised at their atHtnde and as a representative of Kew South Wales be felt inclined to quote the Tlay, "Perhaps it was right to dissemble your ?fo^ b?J ?ny did you Mck us downstsurs?' |tt<a^htBf.) -BjtoiM ; not do, however, to j^Hc^se to the .caavsy-etatioa'—'(hea; bear) v, aiin he hoped- to. see the railways placed taqBlpIetely onder .-Federal controL (Hear, ,|baaz.) The arKUfnent as to private railways ?.aanothold, because if private lines aflopted -'^Differential rates jbe loes ftU on the £hare ? holdera, wb> in (the case of a State-owned \- railway it feU on the taxpayers, or had to be met by overoharges to other con *aumers. who had zio option of- using one of two lines, of railway. . As a journalist bad well said, "If yon federate with out taking over the railways, it is like a man who marries a girl and laves her at the church door." (Laughter.) The Federal Con ?etitution Bfll should either provide for taking over the railways or should provide for machinery by which a thorough enquiry might be made oy a committee with a view totdti mately taking them over. New South Wales would he the last colony to agree to a . jnere. aboHtion- of .duTerential rates, and it .* must be remembered that if the railways were federalised every citizen dt the Commonwealth would benefit by e?ch bale of goods and each pawmngBr rarriwd, no matter by what route (Hear, hear.}. On -the vexed question of State lights he saw-nothing left but to concede to the smaller States equal representation in the Senate, but having said that he went with the Premier of Victoria that - the -powers of -the Senate must be restricted. The Premier of , -Tasmania and others who desired equal repre sentation and financial control in the Senate must accept the corollary of that position and have equal responsibility. . (Hear, hear.) Those paving the taxes and finding the monev should have the right to. mould the finances of tire country. It would be intolerable if the two and a half nvllion people in New South Wales and Victoria should have .to chiefly support the finances of the country and yet leans the control in the hands of the minority. If'they granted the system of responsible government to their Federal Paliament then they . must allow the power of the Purse to remain - in the popular Chamber. It would be absurd if. the will of the people could be thwarted by the Senate. With reference to deadlocks, be preferred Mr. Glyim's and Sir George Turner's views, that they must take the will of the people, which he recognised would be expressed in a common-sense fashion. It was proposed by his friend Mr. Barton that there should be a *High Court of Appeal in the federal judiciary. He objected to the establishment of a Court of Appeal that would take the place of the Privy Council. If this Federal Courtof Appeal were not final it would only be another hurdle forthe litigant to jump, and it would fce difficult to obtain from the -Im perial Government power to establish such a court. Canada bad not yet been granted .that power. The court here would, Jbe an inferior one, while -the Privy Council was composed of the wisdom and I learning: of the world. The expense of appeal i to the Federal Court would be just as great as! appealing to the Privy Council notwithstand-! ing .the distance, and be objected to it being established on the rwetext of economy and the I saving of time. In speaking Of the site of the | iFedeta! capital he did not want to throw in; ithe t?pple of discord; but wished to point out j 'that Sew South Wales stood in a different position to the other colonies. They saw their children setting up their homes there, they fcyiwrrl .seniority, ther bad -selected within ?ceir borders the key to thenaval defence of Aus '? tralia, and they had the head 61 the Church of Eagiana there,' (Mr. Peacock (Victoria)— "We bave the head of the Salvation Army.") Xaood laughter.) It' would be false modesty] on the partr of representatives of Newi \- South Wales not to remind the Convention j of the claims of New South Wales creates by; fimjv:history, and tradition. One omission; fini tJfe resolutions was that there was no pro- j tkmb f"t -—'>le dissolution or secesaion. | Was there to be power of secession? (Hon. members—"No."] Was there to be power of dissolution? (Hon. members—"No.") They did not want a Constitution then of so rigid a character that it would be difficult to amend. If it was not elastic they might have civil war just as they had it in America. He wanted the Constitution so made that it would ensure the peace and welfare of Australia. (Cheers.) Mr. H. B. HIGGINS (Victoria) said he re -1 pretted that the resolutions were so weak, so vague, andsoinconclusive. Although he was not : speaking in a spirit of churlishness, nor failed to 1 ' recognise the services Mr. Barton had rendered | 'to the cause of federation, he wished they had | been more specific and it would have been . better had those who took part in \- .the 1891 Convention spoken first. (Mr. , Deakin — "We are committed already.") Mr. Deakin over-estimated the extent to which the public had read the debates of ISUL (Hear, hear.) They should hear the views of all mem bers of the Convention before they got to Select | Committees and compromise. Either the first subdivision of Mr. Barton's resolutions was unnecessary or it was tiTH^A^tiing-. It stated "that the powers, privileges, and territories kof the several existing colonies shall remain in tact, except iv respect of such surrenders as . may be agreed upon to secure uniformity of : law and administration in matters of common c concern.'' In the resolutions of 1891 "terri torial rights''was used intstead of "territories." ' Sir Charles Dilke, in his criticism of the Bill lof IS9I. had dealt with the proposition that ' there should be no alteration of territories ex -1 cept by the consent of the State themselves. How would New South Wales look if Queens land were divided into three parts, returning 24 senators as against the eight of the mother ? colony. That would be representation of the ? minority with a vengeance. Unless they \- knew how the States Assembly was to be elected bow could they commit themselves to i the clause pointing out tbe necessity for \- its "perpetual existence?" Then he should i like to alter *'combined with definite responsibility to the people of the States which shall have chosen them" to ' "chosen in such a manner as will best secure ?to that Chamber direct responsibility to the ? people." There was one speech of all others \- which had induced him to speak. Sir Richard ? Baker, whom he would have liked to have ? heard on other points, had attacked respon sible government for the purposes of this ? Federation, and while differing from his views '' he admired the straightforward and direct ' method by which he went to the heart of the ' subject. The House was indebted to him for i dealing with so vital a matter as State rights ?in such a blear fashion. Sir Richard said— 1 " You can't have responsible government with responsibility to twb Houses," and that i therefore they should not have responsible i government. The inference should be, i "Don't have responsibility to two Houses." He did not make a fetish of resoonsible go i verntnent, but greatly favored what the people \- were used to. (Cheers.) A Ministry could deal much more promptly than a Senate and its members brought forward tbe various Bills. >In America the President recommended the Bills. Sir Richard contended that the "Cabinet system would kill federation or federation would kill it." He was mis taken. It was not essential for federation that there should be equality of both Houses. What he understood as tbe essence of federation was that the citizen should have two citizenships—one for Federal and the other for State purposes. Sir Richard bad -himself pointed that out in a pamphlet he had issued. No analogy could be formed with the United States, because there was not re sponsible government there. - Sir Edward Braddon had stated that the government should rest upon the will of the House of Representatives!. In order to ensure that it must have the sole power of tbe purse and the 1 Senate must be refused the right to amend money Bills. Money Bills could not wait, and if the Senate had the power of 'amendment '? they could block, Uock, block till the Ministry : was forced to bring -down the measure which I "suited them. It was said that if they con tended that the Senate should not have the power to amend money Bills- federation would 'be destroyed, as the smaller States would not come in. Now was the time for diem to ? state their frank views on every point—later ;on would be the time for- compromise. It .was preposterous that tbe four smaller > colonies, with one-third of the population, . should in the Senate be allowed to override the I other two colonies with two-thirds of the popu lation and two-thirds of the taxation. (Mr. Glynn—"Why should yon assume the union ?of the four smaller States f) If onejof thebxger "*"" wished to act unfairly—say, to take an impossible instance, that Now South Wales > proposed to spend £1,000,000 on the fortifica tions of Port Jackson—wonld not Victoria back up tiie opposition of the —???? States? (Mr. Symon—"But if the two larger-,States acted simultaneously f) No ; it would be pall . devil, poll baker-flftUKhter)-and after all, tiie general spirit of justice in the federation .must %c trusted in such' matters.' Dr, Bryce tad pointed out that' in America the equality of representation in the Senate' was only possible, because there tile Executive was really chosen by the people and was not the creators of either House. He did not recog nise tile need for equal representation of the small and great States, and he knew there would be strong discontent among those calling themselves T.ihCT?J? if equal representation was conceded. (Mr. Henry—" Wo would not be contented any other way.") He did not i think the smaller States desired equal repre sentation in any grasping spirit, and ho hoped > they would recognise that those who spoke against it were in the same condition. .It i must be remembered that the lesser States might not always remain^nch.. (Dr. Cockbum i —"That does not altar the principle.") In a few jeara we might find New South Wales a sheepwalkandTasmaniaabusvhiveof industry. ; (Sir Edward Braddon—"We. know that;" ! laughter.) In Canada there was no equal re ?? presentation of the smaller States in the \- Senate, and in the German Federation Prussia ' bad the ascendency in the Senate. (Mr. ' Henry—"That was a federation engendered L more by domination tiian consent.") ' Had tile smaller States in America found any need for ' equal representation in the Senate? Dr. : Bovce said explicitly that there bad been no ' division of interests or contests between the ' small and great States, and that even the i House of Representatives had never been the ' organ of the great' States or prone to act in > their interests. (Mr. Gordon—"The ?d -. jnstment has prevented it.") The truth was -that _ the real protection i for small States resided in tbe limitation of the powers given to the Federal Parliament. He. wanted those hon. members who felt strongly on State rights to point out some possible instance in which tile large States as a whole would be willing to combine against i the small States as a whole. The small States i wonld really be able to hold the balance between tbe larger States in the Federal Parliament. Whatever might be said against government by majority, government by minority must be much worse, because -when it came to the final issue the majority of those subject to the Federation must rule. It was about time to -descend from generalities about State rights and to let those members who claimed equal representation show some orobahle cose in which injustice plight be done. There was real danger in giving such huge power to the smaller States of Australasia. In the United States there were 42 States in tiie Federation and each one had one forty second part of "the power of the Senate, so that any whim of a small State could be swept aside. Here, where there would be six States, each would hare one-sixth of tbe power, or seven times as much as any American State, i (Dr. Cockbum—" There were only 15 States at first"} There was very great discontent in' the United States over this' equal represen tation in the Senate, for a email State had as many representatives in the Senate- as very much larger onea. These small States, too, could be easily worked to suit party purposes. Nevada was simply a pocket borough for the .silver kings. It must be recognised that throughout the colonies there was a large mass of people who did not like the system of equal ; representation. He was surprised that some who styled themselves R?<4;?-?1? were in fcvor of it, for jt was what the stiffest Tories were leaning their hopes on. The greatest danger to State rights was in leaving ' the selection of senators to the local Farlia : ments, for sometimes men were returned to the local Parliament- en condition that they supported the election of certain senators, and he illnstratcd this by qnotations from Dr. Bryce's work on tbe American Constitution. The Legislature of each State was pro foundly affected by the interference of Federal politics and Federal issues were imported into State elections, which meant the growth of Federal power at the cx i pense of State politics. He believed the { question of franchise was a Federal matter I and it ought to be decided in the Constitu tion. Some Baid, " Let the States settle it for themselves." (Sir R. C. Baker—"Only for the Senate.") He understood the pro position was for both Houses. Each State should have the absolute right of deciding the franchise when it affected I that State alone, but when the fran i chise affected other States they should mi i terfere, but they should make provision for amending the Constitution in that respect. The only franchise he could agree to was the | ordinary uniform manhood suffrage. (Sir, I George Turner —" The Federal Parliament is ; sure to be elected on that basis.") He would > I like Sir George Turner to show how it was certain. In some of the States they had not the uniform manhood suffrage, such as~"New South Wales had. (Mr. J. H. Symon—"Would yon abolish our woman suffrage f) Not for the I purposes of South Australia. He was in favor |of woman suffrage, but tbe colonies had not ! got to that stage at wiiich they could adopt it. { The best way to woman suffrage was through I manhood suffrage. They should make pro i vision for manhood suffrage in the ] Constitution. (Sir George Turner — i "That wonld shut out woman - suff ? rage altogether.") No. They could provide j for the Constitution to be amended to include ' woman suffrage when necessary. (Sir George Tamer—"Then in the meantime South Aus tralian women would not be able to vote.") No. He would mot do that; he would not shut them out (Sir George Turner—"You. Would take away those subjects on which! they have a vote;" Mr. V. L. Solo mon— "They elected us to this Conven tion ;" Sir George Turner—" And they made a; very good choice.") They were not giving up j anything they had at present so far as the State was concerned. He would like] to see the Senate elected by the colonies as a j j whole, and he did not think that was an in | consistent stand to take. He had considered ; the subject of finance a great deal, but of all i the subjects that was the one on which he did not want to commit himmlf, but he wished: others would commit themselves on the questions of the Constitution and the franchise, j He would not care to see deadlocks avoided | by joint sittings, because he objected to the \ representatives of a class being placed on the same footing as representatives elected by the parole as a whole. Mr. B. R. WISE (U.S. W.)said when he heard Mr. Higgins argue on the question f>f equal | representation he was reminded of an incident i of the Convention at Philadelphia in 1789 when a gentleman expressed the same views. He concluded a most emphatic speech by stating that such a proposal was unjust. A delegate from Delaware succeeded him. Oddly enough his name was Mr. George Reid. (Laughter ; a member—" That's a bad start.") Thus did history repeat itself in sreat as well as little things. (Laughter.) The second delegate said—" The hon. gentleman has been candid. He has said there could be no fede ration if the States came in on equal terms. I tell him I will never federate upon bis terms.'' What had brought him round to the view that there should be equal representation was the fact that it was a necessity if the federation of Australia were desired. (Cheers.) Nor was "he sure that there ?as not some theoretical justification for it. He did see bow anyone who advocated "one man, one vote" could object to "one State, one vote." Sir Richard Baker had said that the Cabinet system was incompatible with true federation, because there could never be a responsible government which was responsible to two Houses. If that were go he was driven to a choice between true federation and responsible government, and it was of greater imDorteuca to preserve the prac tice of responsible government than the logical cohesion of the federal idea. He fully recognised that the union -would not be complete federation. (Hear, hear.) Recognising that responsible government should prevail they were driven to the necessity of establishing the predominance of one of the two Houses. The House of Repre sentatives should have that predominance, but still he saw no reason why the Senate should not have the power of amending money Bills. (Sir George Turner — " Would you allow them to amend taxation Bills?") It would not be over money Bills that the real difficulties would arise. Constitutional con flicts ' took place far more over social questions than money Bills. (Cheers.) Surely, then, it was inconsistent to say that tile men backed np by a whole colony and elected for longer terms than the representa tives and who could amend a Bill which might separate parents, from their children or pro vide for freedom of contract, for instance, could not touch a measure which provided for a single appointment at some trivial fee. (Cheers.) He hoped they would not be scared by the ghosts of. some dead controversies of bygone years and which now only walked in Victoria under special circum stances which might not occur again. They must bear in mind the distinction be tween ordinary appropriation Bills and money Bills; and he would tell Sir George Turner that he remembered one instance in New South Wales where the power of the Legisla tive Council to amend a Bill, which waa at first considered a money Bill, proved very ad vantageous to the community. He had come to the Convention strongly impressed that the Convention should declare a uniform franchise in the Constitution, but on further reflection he was satisfied that this was hardly practi cable, for supposing the Convention. decreed adult suffrage or one man, one vote, where would be the authority to see these systems enforced in colonies where they do not now exist? (Sir George Turner— "We said.-th?re ?? should 'he one man, one vote for this Convention.") Each colony would have to pass a Bill for the proper electoral machinery, and that would be another obstacle to federation coming into existence. (Hear, hear.)-He believed also that we would get a more liberal franchise' from the Federal Par liament than from this Convention. At this stage the Convention adjourned until 2 p.m. On resuming, ? Mr. WISE said Mr. Biggins had stated that the ttuo protection of the smaller States lay in the limitation of the powers of the Federal Parliament, but he considered that what was to be feared was an improper exer cise of their powers by the Federal Govern ment. (Mr. Higgina—"Give an instance.") There might be excessive expenditure on de fence in an improper place, or the expen diture of large sums of public money under the pretence of serving a national purpose, but really for securing the votes of a section of the State. He would ask Mr. O'Connor whether he wouid or would not give the Senate power to amend a loan appropria tion Act, because such a measure would often be more vital to the interests of a Government than even the annual Aopropriation Act. He questioned whether it was really necessary to find a- means of absolatelr preventing dead locks between the two Houses, for were not occasional deadlocks the price which must be paid for free constitutional government? (Hear, hear.) The only way of preventing all deadlocks was to create a despotism. Had not deadlocks often occurred thruugh the undue exercise of a power by one House which was not approved of afterwards by the people? (Hear, hear.) The true remedy for. deadlocks waa to trust to the in stinct of self- government (Hear, hear.) Sir George Turner had asked Mr. O'Connor what would happen if a minority in the House of Representatives was turned into a majority by the two Houses sitting together, and Mr. O'Connor had replied that in that case the States Assembly would prevail. Sir Graham Berry had then asked how the Ministry could carry on. The Ministry would resign, and then what would the next Ministry do ? (Sir George Turner—"The Ministry would go to the people."} The probabQitv was that the Senators actually reflected the opinion of their several States. The referendum of the States unless the senators misrepresented the opinions of the States would thus leave the same result, and so they would be in a state of uncertainty. (Mr. Solomon—"The dual referendum conies in there.") That wonld complicate it BtiU more. (Mr. Solomon—"Of course it does.") It would be preferable to run the risk of a misunderstanding than to invent any mechani* cal contrivance where there would be a temp tation to put in force instead of adopting con ciliatory measures. He did1 not concur in tile censure of Mr. Higgins that the resolutions were vague. They gave every opportunity for the discussion of details. He objected to the first clause of die resolutions as far as leaving territories intact was concerned. Under the Bill as drafted now there was no practical alternative for the Federal Parliament but to obtain its revenue from the Customs. It would be almost impassible for them to levy taxation. Some were of opinion that the Customs should cot continue. (Hear; hear.) If the Federal Government bad a substantial part of the continent as Federal territory it would provide for an experiment which would be of the greatest influence and ultimately successful. It would result in a good revenue to the Federal Government through the increasing value of its land. There was belonging to four of the colonies—Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia, and West Australia— a territory in the interior practically unoccu pied, and the four colonies should hand that over for a Federal territory. (Mr. Gordon— "Withoutconsideration?") The consideration would be the government of it, - A mineral discovery would brine a large influx of people to that territory, and the Federal Government would be justified in creating a separate State. It would give a large opening for a Bystem of land nationalisation and it would secure the development of the interior. If the States assented itj&ould; be done. The arguments in favor of it 'would be increased if the Federal Government undertook the construction of the Transcontinental railway. He agreed that the Federal Government should' take over the railways, and he did so entirely on technical and practical grounds. They all agreed that the competitive system must go. Their railways were not to be used as protec tive barriers to intercolonial trade. If the Inter-State Commissions had failed in the United States and in England with, private companies, surely it would fail here in dealing with" powerful States. Would it be judicious to create friction between the Federal Parlia ment and the States? They had an instance of what would be experienced in the refusalj yesterday to give information about the rail- j ways. (Mr. O'Connor—"The Commissioner muss have power to make enquiry.") Mr. Grant would be able to give them more infor mation on the subject; there were ways of' I showing things in returns that could not exist ,atalL (Laughter; and Mr. Gordon—"Thafs rough on Grant.") The railways could: Ibe turned into instruments of fede- t ration, for colonies would construct lines' in directions which they dared not go at pre-: sent. New South Wales would bring her ', lines west and would not care if the traffic' which geographically belonged to Victoria and South Australia went on the lines of those i colonies. (Mr. Fraser—"Would you take' over the railways of Tasmania?") They,' might be left alone, and so might those running I east and west in Queensland. (Sir P. O. Fysh —"And West Australia*") And West Aus-' tralia, too. It would be inconvenient to take over the trunk lines and not the others. Everyone agreed that they must take over the post-office and telegraph, and yet the tele graph lines often went along the permanent- j way, which would belong to the State. (Mr. Holder —" You should not take it for granted that it will be taken over." Mr. Hig-gins— i "The South Australian Post-Office paj-B; New j South Wales does not." Lauchter.) For purposes of defence it was essential that the . railways should be- federated. The difficulty j I was not only with the transfer of men at the j i break-of- gauge, but of war material. (Mr. j I Fraser—"That is not bo.") He knew it was ] the opinion of General Hulton, for he had ex ] pressed it publicly. The transfer would cause verr grave and perhaps fata] delay. IBy running the railways on one gauge and i under one system be believed there would be an ??iiyi?l saving of not less than half a million . : and probably three- quarters of a million pounds. (Mr. Fraser—" A uniform gauge will j cost millions .of money.") Supposing it cost four millions it would not take long with such j ! a large annual profit to pay the whole amount j off. For financial considerations therefore the j railways should be taken over. (Hear, hear.). As it was quite clear that the Federal Com monwealth must have some territory he would I like to see a clause introduced into the Consti tution forbidding the Government to sell a single acre of Federal country. By that means they would avoid the terrible erils of the wholesale alienation of land which had taken place in some colonies. There was a great and important difference in the preamble to the resolutions of 1891 and that to those before them. The former read, "Whereas the Aus tralian colonies have aerreed to unite," but the latter " That in order to enlarge the powers of self- government of the people of Australasia 3 was much preferable, and he hoped the Consti tution Drafting1 Committee would make this clause the preamble to the Bill. (Hear, hear.) The words asserted that die powers of the Federal Government, though limited in their objects, were in respect to those objects supreme, and that the people of the colonies had it in tLeir own will to limit or extend those powers. It was certain that Federal officers would have to be appointed, and that being so it was imperative that the judges of the Supreme Court should be such. The Commonwealth should not be exposed to the risk of having to submit the ultimate deter mination of the Constitution to judges, who might be chosen by the colonies in the future, especially if, as Eonie thought, the colonies diminished in power. In order to obviate the danger of what obtained in the United States as the " spoil system" the Federal Executive should have the power to dismiss any Federal Civil servant, but dismissal should not take place except for cause shown. (Sir George Turner—"You would not put that in the Con stitution.") There was no other way of doing it. It took America nearly a hundred years to pass a Civil Service Act, and even that was of little good. His object was to prevent a place in the Civil Service being made the subject of political reward. He hoped the Convention would produce a measure more adapted than the BilJ of 1891 to the requirements and the opinion of the day. (Cheers.) Mr. H. HENRY (Tasmania) was glad to see that there was a tolerably unanimous opinion in the Convention that the principle of equal representation in the Senate must be embodied in the Constitution Bill. (Hear, hear.) He was very pleased at the suggestion thrown out by Mr. Wise, that the Senate should have no power over the annual Appropriation Bill, but might deal with money Bills in all other forms. That struck him as a very desirable com promise. He joined with those who desired to see a Federal franchise adopted, and he was in accord with those who wished to abide by the Cabinet system—an institution to which we areaccustomea —rather than to cry experiments en the Swiss or American systems. He was entirely in accord with the establishment of a Federal Supreme Court. He believed amend ments of the Constitution should be made dif ficult and not easy, and it was better to put up with tile chance of deadlocks than to attempt to reach finality by means of which we could not see the end. The financial question was the crux of the whole matter! The initial mis take in the Bill of 1891 was to confer on the Federal Government the power to touch the postal, telegraphic, and other revenues before they had a uniform tariff. The powers pro posed to be conferred on the Federal Govern ment should not be exercised until the'hour when the Treasnrer tables and carries a motion in the House of Representatives for the im position of Customs duties, and the colo nies should collect their own revenues and pay their own obligations until the Federal Gvernment levied that tax. One result of the abolition of Customs duties would be to com pel producers—such as the wheatgxowers of Tasmania—to turn their land to other uses, and two or three Tears' notice should be given of the change. He would like to Bee it pro vided in (lie Constitution that the machinery of the Federal Government would not come into force until, say, January 1, 1910. (Sir George Turner—"What, difference does it make which body collects the Customs duties in the meantime T) It would involve great difficulty as to the return of the surplus. (Sir George Turner—" You will have that with the uniform tariff just the same.") The only way to meet the difficulty was that the State's revenue should be protected. Si the whole of the Customs revenue was taken from the dif ferent States, and no provision made for the return of a definite ran, you endangered their finances. At present it took the whole of the Customs revenue of Aus tralia to pay the interest on the public debt. If the Federation took over the means by which the colonies paid the debt they must take the obligation of paying it. If this were done it would not affect all the colonies alike. Tasmania would be relieved of interest at the rate of £2 la. 4d. per head; West Australia, £1 14s. Sd.; South Australia, £2 13s. Id.; and Victoria, £113s. Gd.; and it waa obvious that there must be an adjustment of this interest bill. It was imperative, therefore, that the obligation should be laid on the Federal .Go vernment of setting aside a sum equal to the interest bill, and that was the only solution of the difficulty. He was fortified in the view that this would be an equitable .scheme by the opinion of Mr. B. M. Johnson, the Tasmanian Statistician. -From figures which that gentle man had prepared he found that New South Wales would reeeive£44,ooo, Victoria £243,000, South Australia would pay £277,000. (Laughter.) He hoped his South Aus tralian friends would not laugh, be cause it would be better for them to do that than go on as they were. It repre sented the difference between their Customs and the interest on the National debt Tas mania would have to pay £26.000. Under this proposal the contributions would be balanced by the payments from the colonies. The plan bad the advantage of being elastic, and would adapt itself to changes. Then under die Federation as their bonds matured there would be a considerable saving in in terest This proposal would obviate the risk of a surplus in the Federal Treasury, as the surplus would go to the States from which it was collected. With reference to the railways he thought the differences of tariffs could be settled without federating the railways, for he was afraid the federation of the railways would interfere with the federation of the colonies. The altera tion of the gauge would cost a fearful' amount, and he was pleased to hear that some members held that Tasmania would be left oat of that cost. He did not agree with the view that the railways were an asset as again?t the public debt. The post and telegraphs must be a Federal concern. According to the returns tor the last three years there had been a loss in these departments in New South Wales and Victoria. (Sir George Turner—" Not in our post-office.") He took the two (post-offices and telegraphs) together. Aacording to the returns for ISU3, 1394, and 1895 the mean annual Joss in Hew South Wales was £107,000 and in Victoria £154,000. In South Australia there was a surplus of £24,000. West Australia had a loss of £9,000 and Tasmania a loss of £3,000. This was one of the questions on which they could exercise those sentiments of conciliation and compromise about which so* much had been said. They could not keep the revenue separate, as only one set of postage Btamps would be used. The loss in Victoria and New South Wales was so heavy that it must follow that other colonies would have to bear a share of the loss, and he did not think they should hesitate about allowing: the Federal Government to take over these depart ments. He objected to the power of levying, direct taxation being given to the Federal Parliament. When the defences were taken over by the Federal authority the States should be paid far their ascertained value and I not on the basis of what had been spent in the J past (Sir George Turner—"We paid far some of ours out of revenue.") All the better, for the colony then could use the proportion so spent in wiping off deficits. (Sir Ueorge Turner— "We will not have any more deficits.") He sincerely hoped that the machinery for the gathering of direct taxation would never have to be set in motion in Federated Australia. (Cheers.) Mr. J. H. S YMON (S. A.) thought perhaps it would have been equally advantageous if they had heard a little more plentifully the views of : those who were engaged in previous Conven | tions. (Hear, hear.) They were really their natural leaders, although leaders whom they were not bound to follow. There was an advantage in the smaller colonies being able to ' ascertain the views of those representing the I larger colonies. They had had from Mr. | Higginsand Mr. Carruthere the bane, and from i Mr. Wise to a large extent the antidote. i "**?? Carrathers went a considerable length, but ' Mr. Higeinsout-Heroded Herod. (Laughter.) :He invited the smaller colonies to open their i mouths and shut their eyes, and see what the larger colonies would send them. (Laughter.) He Rave them one crumb of consolation, bow '< ever, and that was that at any rate they ' should be in the position of seeing in the ; Senate, and perhaps in the people's House, I fairplay in those Titanic contests which might | —he hoped would not—take place in the Federal Parliament between tbe two great colonies. He had the greatest faith in tbe people of Australia. They could trust to their justice. The people on the whole were a very good people, and very often if left alone their j instincts and objects were right. He could not forget that in that noble history of the great Federal movement in America it was recorded that the statesmen who assembled to frame the Constitution on that occasion did not forget that all men, even the British race, had their | fair share of original sin, and he fancied they I had also a gooddeal of acquired sin. (Laughter.) lln framing a Federal Constitution which was Ito be lasting they must as far as within the limits of human foresight pro vide against all possible contingencies and all possible wrongs. He would venture i to commend to Mr. Higcins the possibility that what was the position of the smaller < I colonies to-day might be that of the larger ones to-morrow. At present Victoria and New South Wales were transcendent in wealth and population. But would that state i of things always be? Should the present i prosperity of West Australia, which bad been progressing by leaps and bounds, be per | ruanent who could say what her position lat no distant date might be. (Hear, bear.) His belief was that the eastern colonies, and indeed all the colonies, would increase in prosperity and multiply in population to an extent at present hardly conceived, but in considering the relative powers in the Senate and House of Representa tives let them consider all points of view. He was sure every hon. member was greatly indebted to Mr. Barton for accepting the arduous position of leader of the business of tbe Convention and for his able, luminous, and moderate speech. (Hear, hear.) He would not criticise any of the resolutions, because hu understood that they were not sup posed to be bound by them in any way until they had been passed as part of the 'Constitu tion. They were, however, admirably designed to secure the desirable interchange of ideas and would bring the thoughts of the delegates into contact if not into harmony. There were only two remarks he would like to make on the substance of the resolutions. It was a happy inspiration to introduce into the first resolution the words " In order to enlarge the powers of self- government of Australasia," for they exploded the prevalent fallacy that in some vague, indefinite way federation would curtail the liberties of the people of this great continent. He would like, in common with Mr. Wise, to see a sixth subsection added to clause 1 expressing as a principal condition the absolute permanence of the proposed union. They ivere all agreed that they intended this union to be permanent and indissoluble, but it would be well that this intention should be clearly and definitely expressed at every point His remembrance was that one of the causes of the fratricidal war of secession in America was that it was not expressly stated in the Constitution that no State should be able to secede. The claim was made for years by various Southern States that the Union was a compact between States, and that any dissatisfied State could retire. Mr. Carrnthers bad spoken -of the beneficial result which might accrue from the visit of the Premiers to England in connection with such a matter as the ownership of New Guinea, but he would think it better still if they left the shores of Australia on this historic occasion with the first draft of the Federal Constitution in their bands, and he thought the presentation of that draft would be one of the most precious and acceptable parts of the great celebration in which they were to have a share. (Hear, hear.) He was not an expert in finance—none of his profession were. (Laughter.) Well, Sir George Turner .was the one brilliant exception which proved the rule. (Laughter.)! But be would "like _ .to say a word I about tbe Federal judiciary. It was the unanimous opinion of the Convention that a Federal judiciary must be created —(hear, hear)—and that being so he did not see the force of Mr. Carrutheis 1 remarks as to the 'expense of making it a final Court of Appeal for Australia. The duties of this tribunal; would be twofold. It would be charged with the duty of. interpreting- the Federal j Constitution,, like that o( tbe Supreme, Court; which was regarded a% one of the! noblest and most distinctive features -of the Constitution of the United States. It had been the subject of criticism, and its powers had been shortened with limitations, but it was to-day one pf trie most striking features of the American .Constitution, one which was not likely to BVlimited nor given up without a ssiere straggle indeed. One great and strenuous President, Andrew Jack tson, a man of very arbitrary will, said when John Marshall, the Chief Justice of the: Supreme Court of tbe United States, had pro- i nouaoed a judgment, "Let him enforce it if he can." Nothing had come -of this kind of defianoe, and the Supreme Court had gone on its way interpreting the Sovisions of the] Constitution for tbe benefit of tbe United States as it did before. He agreed that they ought to give to the Federal judiciary the! power of final appeal from the Supreme Courts of the 'different States. He did not think they should send their' suitors 12,000 miles away to have their cases adjudicated upon. He did not think, as Mr. Carruthers did, that £he Imperial Govern ment would object to the establishment of this Court of Appeal if they expressed in the Con stitution tbe wish of the people to have it He ventured to protest against die objection which had been* raised that it would be an inferior tribunal. He believed they had the materials for constituting as distinguished and powerful a court of appeal as was neces sary for tbe purpose. The Doited States with a'smaller population at the time of union had been able to constitute such a court, and why should they shrink from it here? They had only just recently sent to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council a judge from Australia, and he ventured to think that great as were the qualities of that judge there were others as distinguished on the judicial bench of this continent and they could place such men on tbe judicial bend pf the Federal Court (Hear, hear.}. He thought Mr. O'Connor's suggestion for an optional appeal would work ill, for if the appellant wanted to go to the Privy Council the respondent would want to go to the Federal Court They had in this colony a sort of optional appeal—what was called the Local Court of Appeal—and it had not been i called into use for 12 br 15 years. ("?Who composed it?') 'It was composed of the Executive Council, plus the Governor. (Sh it C. Baker—"And minus the Attorney- General."! Minus tiie Attorney- General, who knew more of law than any member of the Executive. It would be a mistake to give optional appeal. Mr. Wise's observations about appointing the Chief Justices of the colonies to seats on this Federal Court of Appeal were very cogent, but it would be better to have the members of it entirely separate from the colonies. He appreciated the argument that the Privy Council was a link between the colonies and the mother country, but it would be greater satisfaction to the people if they could appeal finally to an Australian court They wanted a wise and well-balanced Government fit for a free people. In tbe matter of franchise he thought Mr. Barton exposed a joint in his armor when he said it would be beyond! the power of this Convention to imposel a uniform franchise on the Federation. Whilst he was in favor of a uniform franchise he did not think they in South Australia weretoask tbe other delegates to agree to it as part of die Oon stitution unless they had a mandate from their electors to do co. Here in South Australia they enjoyed adult suffrage, and Mr. Higgins wanted a uniform franchise to be fixed in the Constitution. If they came to the conclusion that it must be manhood suffrage then they must eliminate the women oi South Australia, j (Mr. Higgins—"Not necessarily."). If they! had adult suffrage, the women must vote; if they had nianhooa suffrage they must take away the vote from the women ot South Australia. (Mr. Holder — "Notj so far as State purposes were concerned.") I Therefore the able argument of Mr. Higgins! showed conclusively the impracticability of introducing into the Constitution a uniform' Federal franchise. This was a matter to be left to the exercise of the attribute of freedom which belonged to the Federal Parliament. He did not see why there should be any par ticular solicitude, however much the privilege was appreciated here, to force a similar privi lege on the women of other colonies, and as they should proceed on the linesof the least resistance he hoped those of tbe same delegation who felt more strongly on the matter perhaps than he did would not press their views on the Con vention. Sir Richard Baker had referred to responsible government He was for respon sible government (Cheers.) He wished to cling to tbe English model wherever possible. (Cheers.) That was the freest Government under the sun, and try as they mipht they could not eradicate party speech and Govern ment by party in these days from tbe political life of the British race. (Cheers.) It was a system with which they had grown up, and with all its disadvantages, whatever they might be, it had worked well in the inte rests of political freedom. (Hear, hear.) The framers of the constitution of the United States adhered as closely as they could to the then existing system of Kngiinh Government It had grown wonderfully since that time in the interests of the freedom and power of the people, and one of the earliest, as it had been one of the most significant advances had been in the direction of this very system of re sponsible government (Cheera.)' Sir Richard I Baker said there could not be a Government | responsible to two Houses. That was as char as noonday. The consequence was the re sponsibility must be placed in one House. Sir Richard said that the existence of re sponsible government was inconsistent with the Federal theory. With great deference he denied that The way he would like to state it was that the absence of responsible government was not essential to the Federal theory. It was true that the United States and Switzerland had not got it, but they had never had it He believed the United States would have had it if it had been as well known and understood as it was now. (Cheers.) The statesmen who framed the federal constitution of the United States were only acquainted with a kind of personal Government by the King of Great Britain. As a result of that tbe President of the United States was fashioned really on the likeness of the long. If they had waited a hundred years more he would have been fashioned in tile likeness of tbe Premiers of these colonies. (A mem ber—" All of them.") It would be difficult to embody in any one person the com bined excellencies of all the Australasian Premiers. (Laughter.) John Fisk, in his' " Critical Period of American History," stated ! —" Had our constitution been framed a few! years later this point would have had a better chance of being understood. As it was, in tryirur to modify tbe English system so as to adapt it to our own uses it was tbe archaic monarchial feature and not the modern ministerial feature upon which we seized. The president in our system, irremovable by the national Legislature, does not answer to the modern prime minister, but to the old-fashioned king with powers for mis chief curtailed by election for short terms." That was absolutely tbe position, 'ihe result was that when these American statesmen sought to establish a council or a body of Ministers it no more occurred to them to shape it after the manner of Ministers under the modern system of responsible govern ment than of flying over the moon. What they contemplated is sub stance was a kind of Privy Council. Dr. Bryce bad pointed out that the founders of the American constitution could not know of the cabinet system, because it had not at that time been evolved in England and in all probability if they had known of it they would have incorporated it When tbe Southern States seceded they framed a consti tution ih which, although they retained the ir responsible Ministers of the Parliament they made a slight step towards irresponsible go vernment by providing that the Ministers of State should have a seat on the floor of either House with the privilege of discussing any measures appertaining to their depart ments. We had, however, one example of responsible government engrafted on the American constitution in Hawaii, where the Cabinet was kept out of the Legislature, but where the Legislature had the right to dis miss the Cabinet by a vote of no-confidence. He favored the Ministry being made re sponsible to the House of Representatives— (hear, hear) —and it seemed to him that the Senate would be sufficiently powerful without making the Government responsible to it The Federal Senate might consist of six mem bers from each State, and he was glad to see that equal representation was conceded by almost all the delegates. As to the House of I Representatives, he would rather see a quota of representatives fixed for one State and then have a greater or less number for the other States according to population. He was not sure that election of the senators by the colonial Parliaments would not be a very good thing in some respects. In this colony we bad elections every three years, and we should be able then to influence the selection of the can didates for the Senate. That would not have the effect of depreciating local politics, and if it was sought to subordinate Federal elections to State elections it would weaken the very House we wished to strengthen. The power of orurinatinfT. money Bills should rest with the House of Representatives, as otherwise that House would not be able to decline to let a Government which had lost their confidence originate a money BUI. He did not, however, think it necessary that the power of amending money Bills should be withdrawn from the Senate. (Hear, bear.) The rejection of a money Bill was conceded, although it would throw the machinery of the Government into confusion, and if that was allowed why should not they also not have the power to amend? At the same time it appeared to him that as a matter of compromise and moderation it would be much better to give the matter of amend ment in detail a partial veto than to confine their power to a total veto if they thought the smaller States would combine again?t the larger ones in the Upper House. It might be troublesome to go through all the items, for instance, in a Tariff Bill, but while it might involve inconvenience if the Senate insisted on its rights in that way they could very well leave it to the justice and good sense of tbe representatives in that, Chamber, knowing that that ' power would not be exer cised so as to disarrange -whole functions of government Mr. O'Connor had drawn a distinction between rejection and partial veto, which at first impressed one a good deal. If the Government, as he said, were deprived of part of their revenue by the Senate it would be better than to have a money Bill rejected altogether. (Sir George Turner —" You would give them control over the Government?") So they would by allow ing them to reject the Bill. (Sir George Turner—"Oh, no.") They would have a greater power in rejecting a Bill than in making a small amendment which might be agreed to. He interpreted clause 5 of tbe re- j solutions with reference to free-trade either by j land or sea in the same way as Mr. Wise did.' How could that trade and intercourse be absolutely free unless the Federal Government had absolute and unfettered control of the railways? (Hear, hear.) Intercolonial free-trade would be a sham unless the railways, the great avenues of trade, were under tbe control of the federal authorities. He was nut aware until an interjection was made that it was proposed to have the post and telegraphs under the federation. If the lines of wire that took their messages be federated, why should not those ttnes of steel which carried their parcels? Key might refuse to federative the River Murray and say that it should remain under the control of those colonies through which it ran. Who would Buggest such a course as that? in Australia the railways were State owned, and if a federal judiciary were to attempt to interfere with the rates of the States which had- control of the lines it would be a continuing source of discontent (Mr. Barton— "Give them the right of appeal to the Supreme Court") Supposing they did, i where would be the sanction by which ite in-; junctions could be enforced * (Hear, hear; and Mr. O'Connor—"Take action against the officers as they do nov/against tbe officers of a corporation;" Mr. Isaacs—"Would the Go vernment of a state go against the Supreme Courtf Mr. Gordon—"Andrew Jackson and: John Marshall.*') The view'that struck him was that if they had interferences by commis sion with what each state would consider part of its internal administration it would provoke discontent He did not think they would hesitate to federalise the railways, and yet he did not say that federation of the railways should be a sine qua non of federation, fife would reserve to himself the right to take that position if necessary. They had everything to dread from the uncontrolled power of the State, and unless they got commercial inter course free they did not get federation. He agreed entirely with tbe weighty word? in which his friend Mr. Barton spoke of con-1 ciliation and concession. He was sure bis! appeal found an answering echo in the hearts of all of them, but he agreed with those who spoke in the morning that they should not j too readily give up the principles which they cherished. He started with a determination to listen to everything, but to give up nothing until he was convinced it ought no longer to be foueht for; and when the end of their labors came and the fabric from the loom of their workshop was finished be should be prepared to give bis assent to it although it might con tain things he had' fought against and omit things he had fought for. When that time came he should ask members to say, as Benjamin Eranklin said, that they doubted a little of their own infallibility, and put their j names totheinstrument (Hear, bear.) Let them take it with its imperfections full upon it so j lone as they were not fatal to the liberties of j the people for whom they sought to frame this j constitution. If they were angels from heaven they could not frame a perfect constitution or one exactly agreeable to aIL <Hear, hear, and laughter.) Franklin declared, though he did not approve of some parts of tbe constitution of the. United States, which was a splendid monument of statesmanship, that what ever ' opinions he entertained of its errors he would sacrifice them to the public good. That was the spirit he com mended to the Convention. Their pro blems were great problems of constructive statesmanship- Destruction or demolition was an easy task, but the glory of statesman ship was to construct (Hear, hear.) That was the charge laid upon them by the Knahling Acts under which they Bat He hoped they would succeed. (Hear, hear.) In spite of the difficulties which he had not been slow to emphasise he feared no failure. (Cheers.) "If we succeed," Baid die Athenian general, "we shall make Athens the greatest city of Greece." If they in that Convention succeeded there would arise in Australia a new and beneficent Power, great in her civilisation, great in all the arts of peace, and above all great in the com fort and happiness of her people. (Cheers.) 'On the motion of Mr. HOLDER the debate was adjourned till the following day. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. Mr. HOLDER (S. A.) having obtained the suspension of the standing orders, moved— Ttiat leave of absence far the last taat days on account of distance be craoted to the non. members for West Australia, and for the last .two day* on account of illness to Mr. Trentritb. Under the West Australian Enabling Bill— and he thought the same thing applied to the other colonies —if delegates were absent for five day? the seats had to be vacated. The West Australian delegates had already been absent four days, and if any happened by mis adventure or oversight to be absent on Friday their seats would become vacant They aIL he was sure, hoped that Mr. Trenwith would soon be amongst them again. Carried. ADJOURNMENT. At 6.37 p.m. the Convention adjourned till next day at 10.30 a-m. 