MYSTERY OF THE SEA, COMPLETE STORY.' D V SYDNEY CURJIS, Author of " Stainborougli Stories," " Tho Marsdcn Mayoralty," &o.; copvbiout. Ono Christmas Evo, somo years ago, I found mysolf in tho company of a fow sea faring mount tho "Zuydor Zee" hotel in Livorpool. Like thousands of othor people, sailors uro fond of being at home for Christ mas, and although it is seldom many of us can foregather nt that jovial season, a fow who can, roako a point of meeting nt the hostelry named, and exchanging yams over our pipes and grog. On this particular night we had beon promised a tale of "A Ghost at Soa," by Tom Bracobridgc, onco mate, but now cap tain, of tbo Sauoy Fplly, It related tho details of nn incident thut had liupponcd years ago, and I was anxious that our f rionds should lienr it from Tom's own lips. "Now Tom," I said, whon wo hud got our glasses oiiarged und pipes lighted, " hoavo anchor and let's havo that yarn of yours. And," addressing tlio company, "mates all, I ask yo for silonuo wliilo Tom reels it oil." "Well, mates," replied Tom, "itisn'tiies 'at I'm going to tell ye, not it. Every word of it is as true as gospel. And if I oannot make out a reason why for it, and for thnt mutter, I'm bold to say no man hero can, ull I'm going to tell yo iiapponed just as I toll it." Tom took a pull at his grog, and I couldn't help thinking thnt his jolly rod faoo wont a bit pulo us ho did so. Thon ho began his yarn. " It's n longish bit sineo now, and I wns mato of tlio Sauoy Folly, sailing from this port. She's a barque us yo- know, owned, and thon suited by old James Graham of Gnrston, and as taut a' oraft as ovor crossed Morsoy Bar. Wo wero Now York bound, with a lightish cargo, hut oxpocted to ho heavy laden buck, for trade from America was wonderful good then, and freights ruu higher than tlioy do now, moro's tho pity. But that doos not mattor to my yarn. "Well, a fow days boforo sailing, thoro'd been a bit of a bother between mc nud my wifo. I'd boen weddod to hor about 18 months, and nt sou nearly all tho timo, and as I wns rather of a jeulous turn, I expcot I said things to Susie tbut vexed her sorely, and mado lior misornblo. Not ns I'd any call to do it, for a honestor woman novor drawod breath ; but I was that fond of hor thnt I couldn't abide a man to look at her, or for her to look at a man, and I expect being away so muoh put had fanuics into my head. Anyway, there d boon a bit of a bother, and when it came timo to go aboard wo hadn't mado it up, and I'm Bliamed to say wo didn't part as husband and wifo should. Mebbo wo was botii to blame, but I'm darned sure I wns, and I started that voyage with a heavy lteurt, which I needn't have dono, and — mates all. mark my words— I paid for it dour. "Wo hud fairish wenthor running up clmiinol, and what with olearing awitv deok- liumpor and getting cargo in trim, I' hadn't much timo to think about Susio, but my heart wns heavy, and novor a spare moment passed when hor poor, sad face was not before mo, und I actually cried till I had to toll a lio about a awful cold I'd got in my head." Tom's vision seemed to got blurred here, and ho used his handerchiof suspiaionsly. Thou ho proceeded : " Woll, lino weather up ohunnol was followed by nor' -east gules when wo got into tho Atluntic, nud wo hadn't beon at soa a wcok when a tremendous storm burst upon us that lusted tlirco days. Frightful heavy sous, terrific blusts of wind, blinding snow storms, and a strange darkness mado our lives a .misery, and it was all wo could do to keep tho ship anything like, for to muko tilings worse for ns, our cargo partly got looao and shifted. It was a tough job to keep her on hor conrso, for tho fury of the storm scomod to corao from nil quarters. Two of our orow wero disublcd by being blown from tlio rigging. If tho Sauoy Polly hadn't boon a rare good ornft nothing could havo saved her from boiug swainped, for big soas continually swept lior dooks, and sbo reeled und shivered like a live tiling in torment. "Thoro wus very littlo Bleep for anybody through tho tempest, but I wns not so sorry for that as somo on board. I novor got a wink o' sloop without dreams, and in my dronms I wus always scoitig my wifo, her faoo full of a great terror, and her right hand pointing oustorly. But of uttered words thorn wero none. It wns a strange oft-ropoutod oxporionccd of Susie as I had Inst soon lior, with the warning gesturo of tho hand uddod. And it came so often, and stayed, or scorned to stay so long, that I got to oxpeet it when ever I turned in. "It was just at tho ond of tho storm that tho BtL'imgo thing happonod I wunt to tell you about. , 0 no day old Captain Gruhnin sent me down below to tnko tlio log, saying lio would follow; so I wont, and when I hud ontarod it I shouted to him, expecting ho was in his onbin, lntitudo so and so, longitude so and so ; doos that ngreo with yon, enp'n ? Butl got no answor. I shouted again, think ing ho hadn't heard.mo, lint still there was no reply. So I just turned round to look into liis cabin boforo going on dock, and thoro I saw something thut froze my blood. "A woman was standing by tho lookor that ran alongsido tho cabin table, dressed liko my wifo. Sho was pointing oastwurd, as I had eeon hor in my dreams, and when I got insido tho cabin doorway sho turned partly round, and in tones 1 oould not mistako, ox- olaimod: 'Steer to tho oust— ship sinking,' " It wns Snsio. "I just romombored what followed. I took a stop forward, snying, 'Why, Susio, lass, liow cumo you horo?' wlion what had boon her beoamo a sort of mist undor tho swinging cabin lamp that slowly cleared away, and thoro was tho lookor in its usual condition. Susio had gono. ""Well, yo may guess what I folt liko if yo can. Of all tho queer starts I ovor had in my life, tliiB wns tho vory queerest. I rubbed my eyes and linuimorod mysolf to bo sura I was awnko and it wasn't a dream, but I was uwulco right enough, and what I'd soon and hourd was real enough to mo. A notion that Susio wns doad, und thut I'd soon hor spirit- that I hnd killed her with my wiokod fauoios and oruol words— took hold, of mo, anil I shuddered and shook with fear. I don't mind confessing, mates, that I foil on my kneos for u minuto and prayed tho good Lord to forgivo my sins, and most of all, tliom against tho woman I really lovod hotter than all tho world bosides. " Of courso, it wouldn't do to stop thoro long. Thoro was plonty to do on doolc, and ub Cup'n Graham hadn't oomo bolow I wont .up. I folt dazod liko and ashamed, and as if I didn't wnnt to speak about what I'd soon und hoard to nobody. Bat it wasn't any uso. As soon as tho skippor saw ino lio says, " ' Why, Tom, lad, what olioor P ' Yo look as if yo'd aeon a ghost. Aro yo badly ?' " 1 Badly I am, sir, ' I ropliod. " ' Why, what's up P' Bays ho. Ye'ro all of a tromblo. Got a drop ot grog into yo, man. Bit of uguo, mObbo.' " But I know it was no nguo, and after a kit I considered I'd host toll him all; " I asked him to step bolow so that nobody should lioar what I'd got to say, for -yo all know what queer chaps sailors is about ghosts, nnd if they'd got to know anything, woll, thero's no tolling what might have happened. . "Wo wont holow into tho skipper s cabin, nnd a cold shudder passed through mo us_ I sat down in tho spot wlioro I'd soon Susio. Then I told him nil jnst ns I'vo told you. Yo'll bo thinking ho didn't bcliovo it. Woll, ho didn't right off. Ho laughed a lot, and said I must bo out o' sorts, nnd hud boon thinking too much about Snsio, and I'd bo better if I took a doso of medicino and turned in. But ho didn't convince mo. I know I hud both scon lior and heard her voice. If my lite had been at Btako I must havo said that, and I repeated it so fifton. and ho saw I was so sure, that at lust Captain Gralinm began to waver. "Ho wns dumbfounded. Ho Bat down, and soomcd lost in thought. Yo sco he wasa bit of a sceptic, I think ye call it, and ho wasn't going to givo in all at onco. But aftor looking linrdnr mo again and again, whnt somo folks coll a sailor's superstition got tlio host of bim, nnd ho said : — " ' Woll, it's queer ; hut I think wo'll linvo to bottom this. Change hor oourso, Tom. Steor to tho east.' "I obeyed ordora nt once, and as night was coming on, with a beautiful moon Bhin- ir.g in a clear sky, I was gladdoned beforo I turned in, to soo that wo wero waking good headway on our now course. "Now yo'll bo considering that I didn't sleopmuoh whon I wont bolow. I didn't; but what sleep I had was not broken by dreams ns it had been. In iny wakeful moments I thought ot ull that hod occurred nt my wifo's mother's home in Livorpool beforo I left, and caoh timo that I awoke, whioh was often, I fancied I could sco Susio's faco with a smile of welcome on it, such us I lind been delighted by many a timo. Tho old terror, oven what I had seen in tho dusk of tho past ovoning, was gone, and a restful, hopeful feel ing had succeeded it. "And yot I wns glad when tho timo oamo to go on deck uguin. It was a pleasant ohango from u dark, oloso cabin. Tlio moon was now on tho wano, but tho stars still twinkled merrily, und as tlio gallant ship sailed on bravoly undor a press ot canvas, tho breczo soomcd to fill tho air with music, aud running through all I could hear the voice of Susio. Sho was not only in tho ship's music iu tho still early morning, sho was nil around me — in tho shirs, the waning moon, tbo glittering wavolots. I folt that sho liovorcd about mo, nn invisible prosonco, but still there, and my spirits wero oxhihtrated us tlio night gave place to tho day, und the sun roso in tlio far cast. "It was ahont 1 1 a.m. when Graham had began to hint thnt we woro on a foolish cruiso, that tho look- out aloft startled us by shouting ' siiil-ho !' and being united ' wlioro- away, ' directed our attention to a speok a long way off. Tho cap'n applied liis glass, und after what seemed a long intcrvul, said that ' sure enough, ' about tlirco miles from us, thcro was what looked like a water-logged craft, with her mnsts gone, nnd a distress siguul flying from hor jib. As wo got ncaror it wns evident thoso on board saw us. for tlioy bogan showing ull sorts of signs of distress in un excited manner. Of courso wo wero soon standing by, and sent off a boat to tho dis tressed Bbip, whioh wo found wus tho Lcandcr, of Livorpool, outward bound for Now York. Hor cap'n'u numo wus Strakor. Ho sits there," said Tom, pointing to that worthy, ' ' nud can confirm ovory word I say. " It didn't tako long for our boat to go and return, and as slio oamo alongsido I could sco from wlioro I stood steering that slio had two females aboard bosides a fow of tho Leandor's crow. Tho skipper went aft und helped tho females aboard, und the bont returned to tho sinking ship to tnko off tho others, and tho cup'n, who_ wns Inst to loavo. This was soon dono; if it lmdu't been ovory soul would havo porished, for boforo this second trip was finished tho Lcander gave a lurch to starboard und snnk. It was a oloso shave, nnd it sot us on hoard tho Saucy Polly thinking for a bit. "Presently tho skipper oamo to me, bring ing Cap'n Stmkor with liim, nnd both look ing vory serious liko. I looked hard at them, and yo'll fancy how anxious I wns to got news, hut I know Graham would toll mo iu his own timtf, so I waited. Strakor thore spoko first, and usked mo if I didn't romembor him. But at first I didn't, and I said so. Ho then said, 'Why I was at Mrs. Roberts's (my wife's mother's) whon yo woro spliced. And so wus ray wife ; that's her that's como aboard.' Somothing liko a lump camo in my throat before I could speak, and thon I couldn't hold no longer. ' And thut othor female, sir ; who is slio P' But Cap'n Graham took tho answer out of his mouth, scoing how oxcitcdl was. 'Steady, stoady, Tom,' says lio, « Yo'll soon know nil. Just stop down iuto my cabin and we'll como to yo in a bit.' In that kind way did good old Graham break his nows to mo,' and (answor tho question I'd usked Cap'n Strnkcr. "I was off liko a shot, and in less time than yo'd think I found myself in that cnblu with my own doar wifo in my arms and on my brcust, und both of usoryingfor joy fit to break, our hearts. ' Oh, my darling, my darling,' was nil I could say at first, and I hugged her and kissod her and hold her off to look at hor and ho sure it was hor and not u docoptiou liko that othor, until yo'd liuvo thought I wits fuir mad. And all tho timo, good, stout, motherly Mrs. Strakor might not havo been there at all for nil tho notice wc took of hor ; bat aftor n bit I looked round, und then I saw her. And tlio kind soul was laughing and orying at the eamo time, and could only say betweon hor sobs — sho wus that stout, yo soo — ' Novor — mind — mo — lionies — novor— mind— mo. I'm — only — hud — for joy.' And off sho wont again. I felt a bit awkward, yo know, but nothing and nobody muttered much just thou to mo and Susio. Slio was tiiero —my Subio — it was no ghost this timo, and if Queen Victoria hud been p rosont I couidn' t hnvo behaved different. "In a fow minutes Graham and Strakor camo holow and wo got sottlcd a hit. Cup'n Gralinm got quito llvoly, whnt with his joy nt tlio rescue and tho wondorful wuv it Intel beon brought about. Ho didn't forget tho orows of tlio two ships oithcr, but gnvo thorn a good ullowance of grog, and Struker thoro, being a Mothodist, volunteered a thanks giving prayer on deok, and it was ns solemn a timo as I ovor know. In all that arowd of rough oliaps thoro wasn't a dry oyo nor a rebellious heart just'thon. " When this ovontful day ended wo had n quiet talk about what lind led ns so far oust, but wo could mnko nothing of it mora than I'vo told you, only that when I dreamt about Susio, ana especially whon I thought I saw lior, slio'd been vory ill and dolirious and hud oonstuntly called for mo ; until tho morning boforo, wlion sho hnd slept and had droiimod sho was with mo, nnd that tho Lennder'a orow nnd officers were ull saved. Wo puzzled our brains about tho mystery till wo got to New York, nnd thon gave it up, as ovorybody has dono ovor sinco. " What brought Susio aboard tho Lcandcr. Woll, ns I'vo told ye, wo hadn't pnrtod friendly wlion I loft her, and tho poor lass took it to heart nnd told lior mother's friend, Mrs. Strakor. Mrs. Strakor was going out to Now York with her husband, and asked Susio to go with hor for company, whioh slio wns glad to do, for sho had a cousin there sho meant to sottlo with if sho couldn't livo liuppy with mo. Tho poor lass couldn't live without honcBt, tmo lovo — no moro can any of us whon wo'ro in our right senses. So yo soo, foolish nnd winked as I had boen, wo woro mercifnlly brought togothcr again. Susio saw hor cousin, but ns for settling thoro — what do you think P Not over likoly. Sho's with mo still, God bo thanked, and wo'll just drink her health, and a happy Christmas to ovorybody boforo parting. I'vo jawed a bit too long. Horo, waiter." As Tom told his story, our mates listened to liim with open mouths and palpablo sonsutions of nwo. When lio conoludod, Strakor omphatically confirmed what ho had said about tho Lonudor und the resoue, und all of us folt that thoro woro moro things in hoavon und onrtli than woro dreamt of iu our philosophy. And so wo loft this mystory of tho soa unexplained, and by our poor wits, inexplicable. 