The federal election address of Mr. George Reid, Premier of New Soutli Wales, is an interesting document, and will probably in some ways surprise readers who did not expect to iinu lain so thorough-going a democrat. "No doubt his experience with the reactionary Conservatives of the Now Soutli Wales Council lias taught him many lessons since the Federal Bill was drafted by the Convention of 1891, and among other tilings lias shown him the .futility of attempting to constitute a bi-cameral Parliament without making due provision for the settlement of points upon whioh the two Houses cannot agreo. The annual slaughter of the innocents which takes place in almost all the colonial Parliaments is apt to arrest the attention of a Minister who sees the work of a session spoiled anil the wishes of the people frustrated. The responsibilities of office have no doubt taught Mr. Reid a useful lesson on this' subject, and tlie'neeessity which a Minister is under of making tho revenue and the expenditure balance ha3 impressed him with the advisability of keeping the expenses of the Federal Government within due proportions. Wo therefore find him totally disagreeing yritli tho clause of the draft Bill of 1891 which provided for paying over the bulk of tho taxation revenue to tho Commonwealth upon trust, to give back what it does not require to the different colonies. It will be remembered tiiat under that draft Bill it was proposed that the Commonwealth should take over the departments of Customs and Excise, Post and Telegraphs, Military and Naval Defence, Ocean Signal and Quarantines, assuming the obligations of the constituent colonies in connection with sucli matters. All the other departments, including the great spending department of the Railways, were to bo left under the control of the colonics. But tfie expenditure requisite for the departments thus handed over to tho Federal authorities ought not to exceed £3,000,000 a year, whereas the revenue derived from taxation would amount to about £3,000,000. The manage ment of this enormous surplus and its jsro raid division among the colonies would most probably lead to .extravagance, and Mr. Reid points with considerable force to the United States, wliero such restitution never takes place, and where appropria tions aro deliberately made with a view to using up the surplus, as happened when, in order to capture the war veterans' vote, 150,000,000 dol. , whioli should have gone to the individual States, were squan dered upon pensions. He therefore advocates the construction of the federal machine on some more economical basis or else the transfer to tho Commonwealth of other departments. It certainly would seem more logical if wo adopt the American system of defining exactly what rights shall he handed .over to the federal authority instead of the Canadian plan of reserving certain rights specifically for the colonies and turning over everything else to the Commonwealth, and that the colonial contributions to tho federal power should take the form of fixed annual sums either on a basis of population or of estimated customs receipts from a uniform tariff in each colony. The almost universal experience of all countries has been that the further any legislative body is removed from the taxpayers or ratepayers the greater is its temptation to extravagance. , With the same praiseworthy object of keeping the federal expenditure as low as possible, Mr. Reid is opposed to tho num-. her of senators and representatives pro vided for in the draft Bill of 1891. It was then proposed that the Senate should consist of eight members from each colony, chosen by the Par liament of such colony for a period of six years, and retiring in alternate sec tions at the end of every throo years. Tho House of Representatives. was to he., chosen, on the basis of ..population, , one member to every 30,000 of., the population. .-This would mean about 48 Senatois and 120 -represen tatives, who at £500 per annum would cost £84,000 for salaries alono. When wo remember that only a few departments wero to he placed under tho control of the Federal Parliament, and that the Provincial legislatures would have almost as much to do as at present, and would therefore have to ho kept up to a due state of efficiency, ' tho burden upon tho individual colonics would he great, and Mr. Reid is in favor of a considerable reduction, in the federal body. lie thinks that half that number " of senators and 80 repre sentatives would ho moro than sufficient, hut here again tho lesson taught by the American experience is useful. In the States "the Senate ' is notoriously moro (liven to political jobs than the House, because of the much smaller number of its members. Even there, however, tho Senate is a colossal body in comparison to what it would he here - with only four Senators from each colony; and the cliques into which our microscopic Senate would split, and the ' intrigues between different colonics, would probably prove intolerable. Upon the important question of the qualifications of voters and the relations between the two Houses it is pleasant to find Mr. Reid speaking in no uncertain tones. As far as his present utterances go lie is strongly demo cratic, convinced, no doubt, that no consti tution unlcs3 it ho drawn on liberal lines lias a ghost of a chance of aoceptance at the hands of the people. He favors the eleetion of tlio Senate by. the electors of the colonies, and not by tlieir Parliaments, as was proposed in 1891, and lie would prefer to fix the franchise in the constitution it self ; but ho fears that solution ' would raise the question of fpmalc franchise, for "which lie thinks the Convention is not prepared. This matter must, however, he settled in some Way by the Convention, for it would only he courting failure if a broad and liberal franchise is not adopted, and not left to. the tender mercies of what might prove to' he a reactionary Senate. Our own experience has long since taught us that the voice of tho people, no mattor how loudly or often reform in such mat- tors is demanded, can ho set at naught by the moro vi.i inertias of an yppcr Chamber, and neither tho Colonial Parlia ments nor tlio people at largo will ho content to lcavo such a mattor unsettled. As some counter balance to his indecision on this vital issue, Mr. Reid declares that ho will only concede the principle of equal representation in tlio Senate on the condition that tlio constitution shall contain provisions ensuring the predomi nance, in the bust resort, of tho federal electors who hiost truly represent the colonies themselves. But lie leaves ns in the dark as to Whether this predominance is to he secured by a Referendum or by tlio two Houses voting as one or by some other Under the draft' Bill of 1891 it was pro vided that the existing customs and excise laws of the constituent colonies are to remain in force until a . uniform SjtSem is provided by the' Parliament of the Commonwealth. When" 'such Wsy'st'em is " established 4lie' ideal tatiffs were td become voidi clrid' there was to he absolute equality and freedom of trade throughout the Commonwealth. But it is obvious that were a majority of the Senators, no matter how small, to oppose tho passage of sucli a Bill, intercolonial free-trade might he postponod to the G reek Kalends, and Mr. Reid therefore suggests the propriety of the Con vention fixing a date for its establishment. ; It seems somewhat doubtful whctlior. . sucli a date could pos sibly he definitely fixed by the Convention, for, before intercolonial free- trade is pos sible, tho federal Parliament will have to pass a hill establishing a uniform tariff for all tho colonies, and it is obvious that such a measure will require long and exhaustive debating before it can become law. But in spite of this and other problematical pro posals, such as arranging a movable capital for the Commonwealth, Mr. Raid's manifesto is satisfactory on many points, and is rather more definite than might he expected from a Now South Wales federa- tionist. One of the greatest drawbacks in the immediate past to mining enterprise lias been the taction adopted in connection with the flotation of cppipanics. For years the dif ficulties in inducing capitalists and others to place their money in gold mining have materially cheyked the development of this important industry, and tho fear now is that its revival may lie hampered by a continuance of the same practices. As a rule the promoters look only to making a market success of their flotations, wholly regard- loss of whether., or not the subscribers for shares will, secure a profitable invest ment. Under such conditions it is by no moans surprising to find that a very largo percentage of the mining companies placed on the market! in Victoria have proved absolute failures, landing their unfortunate shareholders in heavy losses. Even in cases where, ' to use Stock Exchange parlance, there is a " good show," the company is so overweighted at its start with promotion money and other expenses that very little benefit is obtained by tlio first subscribers. If the mining industry is to he worked on a sound basis it must be as an industry, and not as a medium for market operations. The difficulties in socuring this rcsultadmittedly are great, but tlio question is — Are they insurmountable'?. At the present time, when the attention of British investors is being directed to the value as well as tho permanency of our gold hearing reefs, and to tho still larger alluvial areas unde veloped, the matter is one of supreme importance to the community. Unfortu nately very late .experiences tend to illus trate that tho treatment of would-be investors in gold mines both at home and abroad has not improved. A short time since attention was drawn in our financial , .columns to a prospectus which had been issued in London inviting subscriptions to acquire a Yietorian mining property undqr somewhat extraordinary terms. As a fact tlio vendor of the pro perty in this instance had, as gleaned from the prospectus, only a promise of a lease for the land from Government on the condition that £80,000 should ho subscribed as working capital. For the transfer of this very doubtful security the modest sum of £250,000 was asked, payable - £25,000 in cosh and the balance in shares of the company. The British public wore invited to suhserihe £150,000, out of which the working capital stipulated for as a condition of the issue of the lease was to he provided ; £25,000 in cash to he paid; to the vendor, and the balance, it', may.,, he . assumed, amounting to £45,000, to lueet underwriting, flotation and other expenses incurred in i (raking tho company 'a market success. When it is mentioned that, tho whole of the land for which this lease was to he granted was undeveloped, und the existence of auriferous leads through it was purely an assumption, ono- must have great faith in the gullibility of the British inves tor to believe that this appeal to his pocket jivillibe successful, notwithstanding that the prospectus fairly bristles with, names more brirless: distinguished hotli in' 'the colonies and in London. < This is just one instance of liow the company promoter is seeking to exploit the English market.:; It will be interesting, however, to see what lias already been done in this direction, and how Britisli investors have fared in other directions. Tho Financial News' publishes the following letter from a shareholder in the Bondigo District Gold Mines : — Sir,— Referring to tho letter of "A Large Shareholder " under tho heading of " Ohafters Gold Mining Company " in your issuo of the 8th inst. on the question of management ex penses and the large proportion they hear to tlio expenditure on tho mine itself, I think that tho following figures, which arc taken from tho report of tho Bendigo District Gold Mines of Victoria for tlio period — thirteen months and a half — to 80th Soptember, 1890, are even more instructive : — In Australia. Local commltteo's fees £700 0 0 Local secretary's salary 118 0 0 Legal charges . . 196 3 10 Bank charges 44 10 5 £1058 14 3 In London. Directors' fees £1134 4 10 Chairman's expenses for visit to pro perty 500 0 0 Secretary's salary and office rent.. .. 226 17 0 Legal charges 146 15 0 Other charges (presumably bank charges) 104 15 3 £2112 12 1 cenebal charges.' Cablegrams £121 2 0 Stationery, Ac. .. „ .. .. 79 16 6 £200 18 b Total management. expenses.. ..£3372 4 10 On the mino itself has been spent tho following sums, viz.: — For wages, £049 3s. 3d.; sinking shaft, £249 ISs. Od. ; stores and tools, £103 13s. 2d.; lease rent9, timber, coal, Ac., £109 2a, 7d., making a total of £1201 14s. 9d.. In othor words, tho management bxponses cxccod tho amount axpondoa on tho mino noarly thrco times .over. Out of a total expenditure of £4574, moro than half— viz., £2334 — lias .gone into the pocket) of : tho directors and local oo'm- mittoo in a period of a llttlo over a year. Was it for thiB the company was formed ? , I enoloso my card.— I am, Ac., A FOUTUNATE SlIATlKnOLDEn. So far as tlio Bountiful Vonioo prospects are concerned we know little outsido what was told to the London shareholders at their rcoent meeting, whicli was to tlio effect that tho Blinft had boon sunk 290 foot, and sinking had been discontinued owing to an influx of wator, hub a crosscut had been started at a dopth of 285 foot to . cut tho roof. Let us Iiopo that tho shareholders will find their expenditure profit able, hut the mine will have to give rich returns if the directorate and management expenses aro to ho continued on the same footing. Tlio publicity given to these oxporicnccs in Victorian mining ventures is hardly likely, however, to induce a liberal rcsponso in tho London market to applications for Britisli capital to assist in developing our gold mining rcsourocs. A further instance of unfortunate results which in tlio past have attended the flota tion of Victorian gold mines in London was given in our issue of Saturday.' The I evidence taken in the Onnrhnf Bankrnntev in tho matter of the Queen's Birthday G. M. Co., Diinolly, is _ very instruc tive. According to his own evidence, tlio gentleman 'who undertook' to float this important venture' in London rviis a coacli builder., \yiiat were his special qualifications to ' undertake tho business was not stated, . hut it is admitted that he was -under : considerable financial obligation to a Mr.- Geo. Stanley Hcffcr, who also figures largely in the flotation proceedings. Mr. Malcolm, the coach builder, was to take £27,000 in cash and receive 10,000 shares for acting as intermediary between tlio Victorian vendors and the company. The public it seems did . not " bite," only 335 shares wore applied for, and the balance wero allotted to fictitious persons with a view of making it appear that, the flotation was a suocess, That tlio company is now in bankruptcy is hardly to ho wondered at, hut at tlio same time tlio proceedings in connection with its forma tion cast a slur on Victorian mining enter prises. With these and numerous like experi ences which might" bo mentioned, is it a subject of surprise, .notwithstanding the well established fact of Victoria pos sessing untold weal til on her gold fields, that outside capital is so difficult to obtain 1 Very recently an authorised agent of a wealthy London syndicate on a visit to this colohy to advise on tho value of our mines, stated Wo will hqyc " nothing to do with local companies or "speculators. Our object is ,to discover " whether land can he obtained on reason- " able terms in mining districts affording a " fair prospect of giving good returns if " honestly worked. We think that wc " have obtained this, but tlio whole of tho " conduct of our business will ho in the " hands of the London hoard. We don't " think much of your expert opinions, " and avo prefer to leave all such " matters in fclic hands of our own " people who have no personal axe to " grind." This opinion is explicit enough, and it indicates tiiat those in London who have considered matters carefully have decided that ail tho profits they make out of their ventures shall go into their own pockets. That the colony will, to a certain extent, he a loser -by this system is clear, hut its adoption is due solely to tho tactics adopted by the local company promoter, who, thinking only of an imniediato .gain,' ignores the future. 