SPORTING ITEMS. Precaution mult bars a big obtpw in the Newmarket trith 8.2. The Victorian weight adjniitar hto&i-; sapped Vivian clean out ot tbe Newmarket aud Australian Oup. The betETng question I* ee)aonsly. obp aefning UteUjiper U*Codniit ' home,' Br Temple is a rebid'antinpimtiler. Chita-Shot, the Kev2e|iUod thorongh fared,,ip onoflir ip England for ? thonaand poonde^ Bat he is not mated. The Sydney Tnrf Olab Ainiraistijr meeting «rae another -oeofjrmmtion of the mediocre naing now igoltig on' at he»d-t- qnarters. \- 0°ur^ie*uTpi^ng way hondsomely in. India; uid the saq)p-einark applies to adolator, Jaok o'vLant0rp and other Ani ^traVan horeai,- ? ' GiOTge Ad»ms,'of: Consultation fame, was reported to hare gi7en up the ghost pn Thursday. : Upon enquiry at Pitt Street, Oeorge remarked ho wai not only alive, bnt lie waa.looking far the ohsp who ?et the rumonr afloat, aa he did not wish to diiappoint the public of a funeral. Merry Boy on his way to Sydneyfrom Melbourne «ras frightened Iby an engine whistle at Albury while t changing boxes' bolted, and eventually falling off the rail way platform on to tbe nils and injuring himself. This accounts for hie' groggy ' running at the A.J.0, Meeting— bnt this explanation from the owner -comes very late in the day. Three Gornisbinen won a pile of money in one of the big swoeps. After eharing, tbey were not long before treading ' their nathe.olL - Money had made little differ enoo to -iheir «ntward ~&ppearat-oe;, and two of-tbom— brothers— attended^the a»Ie of tbe ' Squire 'a estate svhioh pyouth ^nl aoion '*»f ah' old fatnily3 had frittered away. -Bidding; was sallowed - tor-proceed toti7000, ihe hamme^lras about to; fall totbe bid -of a Jewish looking gent when the ' brothers '. chipped in with 'L7500' — ' L80Q0 ' snarled the Jaw—' MftOO ' oballeneed the brptbere — but that settled the deal: The hammer fell, but the'anc tioneer had eoue doubts of hii buyers un til thay pulled out a^fcundle of-oriap Qank of England notes, and^paid Ji6b00 on the spot. Tbey then named* ibelr-'iolltsitor, Srocured a receipt and left tlie matter to b settled' as loon as possible. They now live in high times Smaia Debts Cdubt.— At the Small Debts Court pn Wednesday -before Mr Wit oombe and - Mr Trarit, leah Sing v. J, Bhepherd. jRy consent a verdiofc for £fl wa,. given. Mr Kemp . for .the plaintiff,; and Robertson, Norton and-. Alexander for ths I detsndant. K.Tu Treveaa v. W. Martin Mr Wilkinson ' fifr defen Jant.'olaim '£i J8«. The: plain tiff atnt^l.-that the ^etfnclaat effw»4r to gl»e bim hM hone for the 'debt, as he lodged at - the hotel: Martin stated that whence flame into Hay, at tbeltiins tho dobt wa* said to b. con tractedj be liad ? £40 on him; but it waa ^11 cone vrhen te -left Bay. Hejileniedhaviim.hftd any meals or reireahmimta at the hotel without paying for Henjy Frondi'statea that, tbede feaaanfc cam.' to_ bis plaoe on the 2itb Xhpumbfr, and stayed about » fortnight, money on him. Mr Trevena aald bfr han asked tb. defendant for the ntu#. ?ndWMidh.^would n6t jiy. y«di«t fat [ and 16t eotte 1*^1 p.1 - i » ' 