THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men, it is said, havo devoted scores of years to the study of natural lawB and forces, which tho rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited tho 'adepts,' as those queer Hindus are called for the purpose of find ing out the secret of their remark able performances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the profeasor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuBcripts. An adept went with him to a cavo wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as tho bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ' Then we will have some light,' was tho reply, and immedialoly ( tho professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened tho cavo. Be could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to belieyo, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and hifth character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you havo seen havo cast shadows. Belief or unbelief com monly runs parallel with one'e own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at tho accouut of the Lisbon earth quake, yet credited tho tale of tho Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make well. What else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an ejurr.j.'U : — ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our cora'spondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state, I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my ntoinaeh was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at tho chest. X was much troubled with ^ind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid also bitter bilo. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depres sion of spirits, I kept up with my work, but had always a seme of discomfort;. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, aad procured a supply Aftor I had iaken only a few dose* I found relief ; my food digested, and grad- ! u ally all nervousness left im, Al' though 1 had no reason at first to feel uny confidence in this nuedimw uever having used it or f,eea it nned I novr gladly anmit its value, and its power over, diaeaso. Sino« my recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the beat of health and spirits. In the intents of suffering humauity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D.' Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Ho'ckley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893.' Tbeio is a deal of difference be tween Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and tho story about the light that cast no shadow, The latter may be turo enough, but ifc cannot bovevti fied without morfltronble than ifc is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and dan be fouud at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Sei'geJ'e Curativo Syrup. It acts on thp theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigfc&ticu; and dyspepsia ; it cures thai1 and throws tho light of health and happiness over hearths and homes whore ill. ness and pain had cast «ru'h dark avid terrifying shadows, And that is why people believe all that is told i.-f its success by wiger '.viteesses, Professor William Chandler Ro berta Austen, who is designed ior the post of ftrnwiry to the British Asociatiou, ear, r-vM auythiug in tho tfoiid. ,'ft1 a tallow candle should not bo hot enough for the purpose ho quietly turns on an electric fur nnco with a temperature just fiO times hotor than boiling water and, while the stubborn motid is turning fluid, switches on a camera, and l»kos a photograph of f.he hottest ilanio nn earth, 