THE BIRTHRIGHT A ROMANCE OF CORNWALL. By JOSEPH HOOKING, Author of 'All Men are Liars,' 'Fields ot Fair Renown.'- ' Tho Story of Andrew Fairfax,' &c.; Chaptek VI.— I Discover Another Cave, AND HEAll A CONVERSATIOX BeTWEKH Richard Tresidukr anu His Son. 'I am sure I saw a man and woman, I heard Nick Tret-idder say. 'I thought I did too,' replied his father; ' but we must have been mistaken, I suppose. Of course they could have got behind Great Bear and then kept along under the cliff.' ' Then they must have gone past, for they are nowhere to be sten.' ' Perhaps they wanted to hurry to bo before the tide.' '?yes; I suppose that must be it,' replied Nick doubtfully. 'Still, I don't know that it matters. We should not have troubled alj, ali if we hadn't thought it might be Naomi.' ' No ; where can ehe be, I wonder ?' 'She's a stranse erirl. Nick. She doesn'fe seem to feel happy at Peuniugton, neither ' does she make triends with Emily. She's, always roaming among the woods or along the beach. I shouldn't wonder at all if she hasn't lost herself among the woods. You must be careful, my lad.' . 'Oh, it's all right; there's no danger. I say, d-i you know that Jacob Buddie told me lie believed he saw Jaspar Peunington in th# lane outside Betsey Fraddaui's house lasA night ?' 'I don't bslieve it; we've rid ot him eSag* tually. Lut we oust Jjuny on, Nick, we'** : junt got time to go to Granfer Fraddain's pa^S, before the tide gets in.' 'Yes, it's a good way on. Isn't GranSgf Fraddam's cave here somewhere ?' 'I've my doubts whether there is such f , place. There may have been such a cave ftb the old man's time, but lots of ground has fallen in during the past 50 years. Anyhow. I've often searched along the coast and couIq never find it.' 'But it'a around here that the noises have been heard. You know people say it's haunted by the old man's ghosst.' ' Well, I've never been able to find it.' They hurried on and I gave a sigh of relief. ' Are they gone?' asked Naomii 'Yes, they are gone; they don't know. anything. It will take them a -long while to ' .. get home. It's a long way to Pennington by . Graufer Fraddiun's path.' The cliff is steep, too.' ' ??.'-' 'But I must go now,' she said anxiously. 1'ou shall get home before they can,'-I said eagerly. 'I will take you through another opening. You will know another secret of this cave then. You see, 1 trust you wholly and you will know my hiding-place almost as wcil as I know it myself.' ' But do you live here ?' ' , .'.'? Then I told her what I had to do and hoi! Eli Fraddam brought food 'to me, and bo* when winter came Ishould have to make tother : plans. . - V..''1'.' ?-?:'? She listened quietly and. gaid ho wordj'bui;-. ) allowed me to iead her up the cave subtil we ;?;.:, reached the copse of which J. have spoken!^; -^ We Were still hiddou from .Bight,* *fpr - ,tJto,-'-.''| bushes grew thick and tho trees were Jarge'aao=;i.y| had abundant foliage. ' She. held' out iliei\^'Ciflv.;^:| to say good-bye. ? . ?' \ ' -''':~:':: ''''?$:?$&%$& '1 , shall remember, your kindness, -pj^^i.f said ? ' ?? ? ? '? ' °* ?' ? ? ?'?li ?'?? '?'*-? '^ '^?-?^ '^vii \- 'And do not thiafc J^P ta^*a^-f^&| I pleaded, 'rometnber'\vhat .Jrhavf^h^M^^ fl^aU;tbink^i^Mi||^| response; -'not'thai; ,-ft 'matters , to jojL? S»» , -I ^deiL*'*-/- W*%i:ii *eitran| ere, masbmoTMUyme -^B -.sTMi-a&p-A;^^ v % stranW^pan'teothdp jpoii. ' ' ' ' . »^ \,. :-ij&f;*: ???''???'??;-.,??-?? i-: - ? ???£?'- 'It Mfnore than .^ou^nihink^ *n*«wed; ?= wSjwrly. V4' When-I-«aw thdyook pf «ympatby i: «n ?^^irifiuSe Jwften :'::I fit*™ i» *he pillory ; i^'fh&nDiith; ft maae^verything earner to o^fear. : [Besides, J£*« ' say yon will stay at iSKenuington an-3 Ilook upon Peumngton as my 'fibnie;' ' ''j^ , *'F.€S- ?-?wit; surely you will not stay here. It canijat be tight lor a man to idle away his tilaio'-'as jrou are idling it ; besides, you can ? iap^er win back' Pennington thus. If I were y^fou I would find work and I would honorably ' m&lce; my way .bade to fortune.' ? '*' But the Tresidders will not allow me,' I replied, stung into shame by _ her words : 'they have always put obstacles in iny path. 'Then I would go -where .the Tresidders could not harm me,' she cried, and then Ehe -went away as though I were the merest commonplace stranger, as indeed I was. I mused afterwards that Bhe did not even tell me her name, although sho had no means of knowing that I had found it out, neither did she tell me that she would keep the secret of my hiding- place from my enemies. JMd more than all this she bade me leave St. Eve, where I should be away from heir, although my longings grew stronger to stay by, her side. All this mado me very weary of life, and I went back to the mouth of tho'cavo and sat watohing the sea as -itjrose higher and higher around the Spanish Cavalier, and wondered with a weavy heart wuab JL Miuuiuuu. When night came on EH Fraddarn brought 3no food and sat by me while I ate it, looking all the while up into my face with his strange %ri!d eyes. '-Jaspar inissuble,' ho grunted presently. ' vHjs# Eli,' I said, 'everything and every body is against me.' **'l-k'naw! I knaw !:- cried Eli, as though a new thought had struck him, 'I'll 'elp 'ee, Jospur, I'll vind out !' 'I'ind out what, Eli?' But he would not answer. He hugged him self as though he were vastly pleased, and landed, in his low guttenil way, and after a time t.oc-lc his departure. When I was left alone I tried to think of my plans for the future, for Naomi's words kept duping in my ears, ' If I were you I would find work and I would honorably make my way back to fortune.' I saw now that for a year I had acted like a madman. Instead of meeting iny reverses bravely, I had acted like a coward. . I had sunk in the estimation of others as well as in my own. I had loafed arou:;d the lanes and had ms.de friends with the idle and the dissolute. Even my plans for ?wengeance were those of a savage. ' L, Jaspar Penninglou, could think of no other way of punishing my enemies than by mastering them ?with s:K-.er brute force. Besides, all the time 1 had ;r,rade no step towards winning back my Lome Mid thu3 obeying my father's wishes. I felt t'sls, too; I had deservedly lost the esteem of the people. I had become what the Treaidrfers said I was. I saw myself a vagrant . and a savage and although my fate had been hard, i deserved the punishment I was then BuS'ering. I had forgotten that I was a Penniiife'ton, forgotten that I was a gentle man. iir.t what could I do? Houseless, homeless, friendless, exeept for the friendship of Eli Frr.cluam and his mother, and practically out lawed, ?what was there that I, Jasper Penning tcn, could put my hand to ? I could not tell. The possibility of honorably making my way buck in fortune seemed a dream impossible to lie lulSiliod.' l''or a long tim9 I sat brooding, while the cacdio which Eli had brought burnt lower and lower, and finally went out. The darkness stirred new thoughts within me. Hitherto I isad not troubled about Granfer Fraddam's ghost haunting the cave. The wind, which waik-d its way up through the cave till it found 'vent ia the copse above, explained the sounds ?which had been heard. But now all the etpr-us which I had heard came back to me. Uid Graufer Fraddam die there ? and did his ghost haunt this dreary cavern? Even then laiigot be sitting on the very spot whore he hod died. i Elr.vted up and lit another candle. I looked fl.rc.uau me and shuddered at the black for bidding sides of tho cavern, then leaving the caudii! to east its ghostly light around I crept towards the entrance. I saw the sea lapping the black rocks around and heard its dismal Burc;o. Then I heard a rushing noise whirr past ine, ana it sesmea as tuougn a Rhostly hand h:v\ struck my face. Directly afterwards I hf aid a cry which made the blood run cold sn my reins. Most likely it was only a seagull ?which I had frightened from its resting-place smirng the rocks, but to me it was the shriek of a lost soul. Trembling, I found my way back to the cave »gs.i:i, where the candle still burnt And cast its flickering light around. I was afraid to stay there ;vny longer and determined to get out by way of the copse. I had gone but a few steps in ihis direction when I saw. what had hitherto escap-i'. my notice. ' It was a hole in the side of t!it cave, large enough for anybody to pass «as:ly. For a moment curiosity overcame my f^rs and I made my way towards it. Holding my candle close to the hole, I found -hat I was out of the current of air, and I f-aw that this was the entrance to another cave. But it was different from tho one in which I had been hiding. It looked as though it had been hollowed out by the hands of rann rather than by nature. This fact lessciu-d my ghostly fears and I entered it and in doiuff so thought I detected a strange smell. A minute later and my astonishment knew no bour.ds. Lying at my feet in this inner cave ?wei-a casks of spirits and wines. There were, J. afterwards discovered, many other things there too. There were great packages of tobacoo and bales of stuff which at that time I did not understand. It was evident that .Oranfer Fraddam's trade was not abandoned, .although it was thought that smuggling was iuot carried on to any extent in tho neighbor hood of St. Eve. It is true that many things :-were obtained in the neighborhood which the Preventive oScers could not account for, but 'that was understood to be owing to Jack ^Fruscott's gan?, who defied tho law and did ;m&ny; wild deeds down by the Lizard and at ?2£ytiavsc-3. At Polventor the Preventive men -were very- keen, so keen were they that the . dozen or two fishermen who lived there were ;3iot. .is far as I knew, in any way suspected of ; unlawful deeds. And Polventor was the only i£sbii;g village within three miles of our parish ?where it seemed possible for smuggling to bo carded on. Not that we thought hardly of the smugglers, even of Jack Truscott and his ,«n»r.. We all regarded the law as very uujust, and owing to the fact that many things were cbtcined in tho parish very cheaply by them, -;^v/e winked at their doings and looked sourly «u the Preventive men and their dointfB. At . the same time, as far as 1 knew, no one ? dreamed of smuggling being carried on near the coast of St. Eve. Thus it was that j , Granfei1 Fraddam's cave was a mere tradition, , »nd lriany people thought the King's officers -' .-ought to be reinoved-'to some other part of the ?;'? jBoast where there would be some necessity for V Jfcbeir existence. ? I thought long of these things, and pre .. «ently came to the conclusion that this cave .-./was 'used as a kind of storage place by some smuggler's gang. Probably this was one of Jaok Truscptt's many, hiding-places and would 1 iie used by .him when the Government spies wejxs busy watching elsewhere. ' ?? ? ? Airybpwj my discovery made me think of *ne cave morels tlie.home of the living than ; tho dead and I thus fears were dispelled. It is \- true my solitude might at any time be broken .^C|y a gftngoj desperate men, but that did not *pr¥- ;?;?''????? ?/':.. ^rpubleiho. : So I-fetjitaa fftb; W$nkefc=w}»ich ,old Betsey -had lent, ;me and, took itynto. this inner -c»v.e~ and after a'wnile' went to sleep. :??'., '.'. , Eli Fraddam brought some food to me again in the morning;, but.I did'not tell him what^ had discovered throuRh the night; neither did I encourage him to Btay. Usually he had sat with me for hours and had talked with me in his strange disconnected way, but this morning he saw .that I wanted to bo alone, so after, patting and fondling my. hahdB lovingly he left me. All through the day I tried to make up tny, mind what to do, but no feasible plan came into my miud. I did not fear any diffi culty in getting food and clothes,, but now to raise money to buy back PenningtSn I knew not. Towards evening I left the cave and olam bered down the rocks until I got to tho beach. 1 had scarcely done so when a package lying by a rock caught my eye. I tore oS the wrapper wondering what it was and soon dis covered that it contained food. I eagerly examined it and presently saw a scrap of clean white ? paper. On it was written these words : — 'To stay where you are must be useless. Search has 'not been abandoned, for you have been seen. There can b9 no hope of success while you remain in St. Eve. You saved me, and I would help you. Good-bye.' Now this comforted mo greatly, for it told me that Naomi Penryn had not forgotten mo and that ehe felt friendly towards me. The had been eating, I cared not for, excopt only because ehe had brought it. My excitement took away all desire to eat, and again I went back to the cave to think of what f should do. i'or this thought came constantly into my mind, the Tresidders intended her for Nick, and my determination was that she should never marry a Tresiddor. Moreover, I fancied, from her own words and from what I had heard Hichard Tresidder say to his son, she was not happy at Penningtou. If I vyent away I should be powerless to help her if she needed help. Sho was but a girl of 18, and she was wholly under the control of the Tresidders. Yet how could I help by remaining where I was, nay, rather it was impossible for mo to do this. After some time I settled on a plan ; I would leave my cave before it was light and would walk to Fowoy. When there I would try auu get ix piftuu ;is h ua.iiui. x Liiuuguii x nuuw enought of a sailor's duties to satisfy the cap tain of a trading ship. Then, by the time the (irat voyage was over, I should no longer be sought by the Tvesidders and the affair at Ealmouth would be forgotten, I would then come back and see if Naomi Penryn needed help. I should not be away more than a few months, and I did not think that Nick Tre sidder or his father would seek to carry out their plans concerning her for at least a year. I had scarcely settled this in my mind when I heard voices outside the cave. Wondering what it might mean I crept to the opening and looking out saw Richard Tresidder and his son Nick, standing and talking with two Preventive men. A great 102k hid me from their sight, besides which I was at least 12 ft. above them. 'You say you've searched all around here]for a cave?' asked Richard Tresidder. 'All round, sur,' replied one of the officers. 'Ther's eniugglin' done 'long 'ere right 'nough, but I've my doubts 'bout Granfer Fraddam's caave as et es called. Ther's not an inch 'long the coast here that we ain't a-seed ; we've found lots of caves, but nothin' like people do talk about. As for this cave, where people say et es, why look for yerself, eur, tiler's no sign of it. We can see every Fraddap's cave, well, that's all wind, I'm a-thinkln'.' 'I'm of the same opinion myself. Still, I thought we'd better come and make sure, that was why I asked you to come.' ' ' That's oal riirht, Bur, glad 'are we to do anything to 'olp 'ee. But ther's plaaces f urder down, sur, and they must be watched.' ' Do you not think you are mistaken V I heard Richard Tresidder say, 'there has been no smuggling done hore since Granfer Frad dam's days. There is plenty of it done at the Lizard and at Kyuauce and right down to St. Michael's Mount to Penzance Harbor, but there is none here.' 'But there es, Maaster Tresidder. Not a week agone a boatload of sperits was landed at Polventor.' 'At Polventor ! Why I thought you kept a sharp look-out there. Besides, only fisher folk live there.' ''Iss, but tes they fishermen that do do et. Ye see they go out, so they zay, to catch fish, and then afore rnornin they do come across the big smugglers' boats and taake the things to the coves they do know 'bout. They be all of a piece, Maaster Tresidder.' 'Well, keep a sharp look-out, Grosse, and bring them before me and I'll Bee that they don't do any more smuggling for a few months.' ' I'm glad we've 'ad this 'ere talk, sur, you bein' a majistraate. But we must be off, sur.' 'Good afternoon. By the way, if you call at Pcnnington to-night about 10 I shall be glad to see you. You will perhaps be able to report progress by that time.' ' Thank !ee kindly, sur. Good afternoon.' Richard Tresidder and his son Nick then sat down on a rock near and both began to smoke, and then, when the Preventive officers were out of sight they laughed merrily. 'I wonder if they know that the grog they have drunk at Pennington was made of smuggled brandy?' asked the father. 'Not they. Why, you are noted for your hardness on lawbreakers.' 'Just so. By the way, you have heard no more about Jaspar, I suppose ? 1 heard last night he was hiding in Granfer Fraddam's cave, that was why I got those fellows to search for the place, ' Nothing definite. It's believed that he's around here somewhere, but where I don't know. The fellow is mad, I think. It would be better tor him to clear off altogether. The sentence is a flogging and then another trial, isn't it ?' ' Yes ; but nothing is being done. Ibelieve if he were caught he would be allowed to go free. I don't believe they want to catch him.' ' You see, the people think he's been badly treated, and Lawyer Trefry has blabbed about old Pennington's will. Everybody says now that you've done your utmost to keep him poor. Why in the world didn't grandmother get him to give it you out and out? If the beggar should have a stroke of luok ho might get it for a few thousands.' 'But where can he get them now? His last chance is gone. What can a lad, without money, home, or friends do ? That's settled all right.' ' I don't know about that. He's clover and he's determined. Why did he continue to stay around here? He must have some thing in his mind.' 'He's a fool, that's all. He has a savage sort of idea that by watohing me he's taking care of his own interests. That shows what a short-sighted fellow ho is. If he'd brains he'd have acted otherwise. You will see, he'll .get himself in the clutches of the law again, and then— I'll manage him.' -'But if we can't find him? 1 tell you Taspar -isn't a fool, and he knows our purposes by this time.' 'Well, Nick, you've got yoiir chance. A' rich wife and- three years to win her ia, my ; boy. I'm her guardian till Bho's 21, and Til take care no one else gets her, A pretty girl is ISijapaii, $00; ^her^^wsM^tfanftge and* li^fi^VutMl^he better ib^Uit you,' ; , ;; ?„; '?;': .'2tad.«be doesn't like me,' replied Nick, Make her like you, nay boy. -Be a bit diplomatic and play to win. Besides, ypu must win!' . . ' . ..;.'- ?/'Did you notice Tiow, funny she was last night f I asked ' her whero, she had been and she fieemed to regard niy question as a liberty. And did you see how meager she was when we were talking about Jaspar after wards.' . . : '.'..'. *' But she knows nothing about him. She never saw him.' 'Yes, sho saw him pilloried in Falmouth. She thinks him treated badly. She has all sorts of funny ideas about justice.' ' Of course, all Billy girls have, that's noth ing. At the same time, Nick, this shows you must play carefully. I don't want any com plications in getting her money, and mind you, that money I muBt have or .we are all in deep water.' ' What do you mean ?' . 'This. We can't raise sixpence, that is legally, on Pennington. There are simply the rents. Well, this split up into several parts is very little. So ? ' he hesitated. 'So what?' asked Nick eagerly. 1 ' On what ¥' 'On mines. So far they've turned out badly. I'm involved in a heavy outlay. At first the affair seemed certain. It may turn out all right now, I don't know ; but I tell you I'm nock deep — neck deep. I can hold on for a year or so, and you must get Naomi's money, or I'm done for.' ' But you've got her money ?' ??' Yee, and as her guardian I'll have to give an account of it.' ' Look here, father, tell me all about it. I don't like acting in the dark. How and why did Naomi come to Penuington and what is the true condition of affaire? I want to know.' ' Another time, Nick.' 'No, now.' — ' Very weil, I may as weir tell you now.' (To be continued.) 