[?] By " Bohemian," "At the Pr»ncess\ Always oil tko «)ui vire for RDytdjiii novo), our tliufllrooei's cirAVfloil riiis Lkoativ in every >arl on SniurJay Difflit. vrLeu "A Nijlit Oul " v. us »ro- dueed l'or TJio first time iu MelliOuriH'. , Mr. Harry Paulioii, ilie "slur" of tlu- new company, came to us witli an es tablished reputation botb as-au actor and the librettist of more tbiiii oni comic opera. T-liere were several present on Saturday night who' remembered him at tbe old 'Strand Theatre" many years ago. and witb whom those remem brances were very pleasant. It was, therefore, only to be expected llinr on Mr. Paulton making bi.s entrance enrly in tiie first art be should bp made the recipient of a very warm welrtiiiie. As be stood bowiug his ackuowlcd?- meuts, it was seen thai the newcomer bore a strong resemblance to Sir. "Billy' Elton, while his earlier methods reminded one of Mr. J. L. Toole. Per- fecily at iiome on ilie stage, and with noi the faintest show of that hesitation which usually marks even tlie most experienced nctor when making his first )>o\v to a crowded Antipodean , audience. Mr. Paulion at once fully entered on the farcical eomie business Willi which the parr of Joseph Pinglet iLlwnuiJ.-2. The r-aJni, sarcastic manner iu which he alludes to the many " vir tues" of Mdiue. 1'iuglci iMrs. Ed-ntiu Dryen. with whom he has l>cuu mat- riiuouially associated for 21 years, and bis plainly anxious ' desin' to obtain relief, if only temjiorary, frniu that as sociation. prepared the audieuoe for much l'uu. Tlie effect of this was heightened oil the appearance of Mdiue. 1'aillard (Miss Alma Stanley!, a lady of plenteous yet striking aud pleasiug proportions, and her husband (Mr. Cecil Ward i. lx>lh of whom were also enthusiastically greeted. The I'uUh'.-ds bijve a marital tiff, which cads in Taillard dashing our of the room with a determination not 10 bestow a part ing kiss ou his wife— a deicrniiualhui adjectivod by the eiJiphutic "damn-" that, uover fails to elicit a loud laugh. Then eusues a scene 1huwc<»ii Mdme. Paillarif and Piuglet. in which the latter urges the lady to revenge her self on her husband through the niediuuiship of himself, the comienlity of wbich is hejglitciiiHl by the disparity ill the sizes of the pair, and ike mariner in which 1 hi' lady acc.-pis ,- advances. " You're certaiuly very jdaiu. Mr. Ping- li?t the half-hurl, rejoinder, " 1 didn't know 1 was so plain as all Tbflift and the subsequcul imaiiihoiscd lore- uiukiug. impelled the unilii'Uce to shrieks <if laughter. Initially, it N agreed thru the first, step towards »he lady's lweuge shall be in the direction of takiug supper at the Hotel Masco; ic that uhrhr. It cIuun-lv. too. that Paillard. in his capacity as archhwi. has business at the same hotel. A few moments after M. Mnthieti «Mr. Slmud). a. gentleman witli a pronoun ced stammer when it rains, but v5,h jH'rfect speech iu fine weather, aiTives ou a visit with four dauuinei-s ami a convspondiug munber of largo ir:i vei ling trunks. The Pi-aglets, however, decline to entertain such a ho<t ol' visitors, all of whom then determine .to go to the M ascot te. The fun of dm sub-plot is furnished by Vietorinc (Mi<s Louise Stafford) ami Maxime Paillard's nephetv (Mr. Han< Phillips. Ill a sceue lvminisceiH of Sardou's Friends." Yictorino tries to prove 0 Maximo that love is uni 10 be learned by studying riato. and. 011 I he lad's refusing to rospoud to her advances, flounces out. of ihe room with the o.v- elaiuntion. " There ! he iiasn'i even taken me on his knee." Mdme. Ping- Jet- departs to pay a. vimr to n sick sister, first flicking her hushnud In. to prevent his dining at a restaurant during Iter absence. Then ensues nn aiiiusing bit of silent j»niunminie. in wlileh Pingli'1. after seatteriug ermnbs ou the floor, throwing portions of the fowl ami wine out of ilie window, to make it appear 1 lint he lias dlnvd at home, tirsi arrays himself iu liis besr clothes.' puis «i "fetehiutr" buttonhole ill his hippd. and. wliistliug. cliiuhs over the balcony by means of :\ fire es cape. The second aei introduce us to the Hotel Mas<n>tte. and iudiiecs a recollection of 'Forbidden Fruii." Here Mdme. Paillard and l'iuglet. after visiriug a tlieatre. atrive in ipiesi of supper. The lady is arrayed in a gor geous costume of black and silver, and with ail up-to-date hat that proves a useful adjunct to the fun-makiug. An uproarious series of <simrcie»ijis is ushered in by Pinglet niakiug himself ill by smoking a. strong cigar, an ill ness he seeks 10 alleviate by first order ing a " hot water bag." then going out on the roof in search of fresh air. leav ing liis coat behind him. but inadver tently taking the lady's hat with him. ; During hi absence. Paillard arrives, and is shown into the haunied cham ber. In his temporary absence M, Mathicu aud his four daughters arc apportioned the same apartment, and are delighted to accidentally discover Mdtne. Paillard, with whom they de termine to take tea "in her. room." Ping- let. having recovered, bursts in on the party, and tho inquiries as to what he is doing there in his shirt sleeves at that time of night tends to briug about a number of embarrassing situations that kept the house in roars. Tbe characters, iu their endeavors to es cape are. in dodging through a num ber of do"rs. eoutiuually nmniug up agaiust one another, aud making ludicrous excuses, and when Maxiine and Ylctorine. who are also taking " a uight out together.' arrives ou the scone, the whole business becomes a veritable pantomime rally. In the course of this Piuglei arrives, aud, finding four young ladies in his room in u light, attire, and with spirit lamps in their hands, by the aid of which they propose to curl their liair before retiring to rest, has bis belief iu the non-existence of ghosts sadly shaken. He too. joins iu the scamper, in the course of which he reeives a black eye from Piiigler, who is covered witli soot, owing to having attempted to es cape up R chimney. The noise and up roar finally become; so great that tlie iwliee. as In ' The Magistrate," are called In. and Mdme. Paillard and U. Pinglot locked up. In the last act all the parties to this midnight escapade reappear at ringlet's house, the males by means of a ladder from the garden, Pinglrt lining frantically anxious to make his wife believe that he has never been out. aud Mdma Paillard, in a dar ing costume en suite of scarle.t silk and black velvet, through tbe door of which Pinglot 1ms a master key. Then Mdme. Pinglet returns with torn dress, and also a black eye. and with a piteous tale of tlie adventures sl«'» has gone through. Pinglet at oucc 6ce&his; oppor tunity. and in a scene that kept Uic house In shrieks, shifts the whole blame on to his wife and Halliard. The curtain, however, falls on a general reconciliation. Asked to give the production a de finite name, one would find It difficult to say that it was anything beyond a huge laugh-making absurdity. Never theless, if uncontrolled mirth from the majority In' all parts bf the bouse is to be taken as a criterion, then there was an unmistakable success achieved by the 44 new Parisian farce/' " A Night Out4' 