THE SERMON. The sermon waa preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney. The text wa= — ' Thou shall send forth Thy spirit and they shall be created, and thon shalt renew the face of the earth.' His Lordship eaid : The inspired words of St. Lube which are read in the Epistle of tbis Sunday record the history of the mysterious event commemorated by the solemnity of Pentecost. When the great burden of the apostolate was placed by their Divine Master on the shoulders of the ' chosen few ' their gravest apprehensions were awakened by the mighty responsibility thus imposed, and by their own conscious unfitness to receive it. Bat our Divine Lord did not withhold from them the consolation they so much needed, and hence we find that before he ascended to His Father these assuring words were lovingly, addressed to them: 'You shall receive the power of tne Holy Ghost coming upon you.' This was his parting pledge to them, and the inspired words of St. Luke give us the history of its fulfilment. Having witnessed the memorable speotaole of His ascension into Heaven they return to Jerusalem to await in prayer and seclusion the coming of the promised blessing. Accordingly, on the morning of the tenth day, as they were gathered together in the Coenaoulnm, where our Lord had celebrated His Last Supper on the eve of HiB death, ' There suddenly came from Heaven a sound as of a mighty wind, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. And there appeared to them cloven tongues ,as it were, of fire, and it sat upon each one of them. And they were filled with thelHoly Ghost, and they began to speak with divers tongues.' Such iB the mysterious event which the Church commemorates by this day's festival, and in the whole range of her checkered history there is no incident that possesses a deeper significance, or is fraught with richer spiritual blessings. The church first founded by Jesus Christ was represented during these ten days by men, who, humanly speaking, were miserably deficient in every quality of character and acquirement needed for the great mission to which tbey had been divinely ohosen. They were rude and unlettered, they were poor, humble and unknown, they were timid, his heartened and disorganised. Among them were not only the eleven who fled from their Master in the'hour of His trial ; there were the disbelieving Thomas, and the false Peter. But there was one thing to make up for all these drawbacks ; the memory of their Master's parting words, ' 'Sou shall receive the powerof theGhost.' And when that power came, when the spirit from above, tbe third person of the Blessed Trinity, descending from the bosom of the Father iu obedience to the will of the Son, entered into the breasts of these timid, ignorant men, what a striking fulfilment of the words of my text, 'Thou shalt send forth Thy spirit and thoy shall be created, and thou shalt renew the face of the earth.' Tea, they were truly regenerated, and the whole world became renewed by a marvellous transforma tion. No sooner had the vivifying graces of the Spirit of God overflowed into their souls than the timid mon of yesterday go forth bofore the world, braced with the courage of veteran heroes, to pro claim as their leader. Him whom they bad«so lately deserted. Instead of seeking safety in flight, or in the seclusion of the Coenaculnm, they stand before the council to give an account of their doctrine and to justify their conduct in preaohing it by the bold declaration that 'they must obey God- rather than man.' And when in punishment pi their courage in thus proclaiming Jesus Christ, ''whom you,' as thoy said to their . judges, ' have put to death, hanging Him on a tree,' they wore seized and ecourged and dismissed, tbey go away rejoicing that they wero counted worthy, to suffer reproach for the name of Jesus. But this new-born courage did not end here. ' Their sound went over all the earth, and their words went unto the end of the whole earth.' The universe seems scarcely equal to the play of their burning zeal. Peter traverses the surrounding districts of Syria, and next trans fers tho scene of his apostolic labours to the distant city of Rome, the centre of the Pagan world. Paul carries the glad tidings of the Gospel to Greece, Macedonia, and other regions in the south-east of Europe. The voice of the once-unbelieving Thomas resounds- along the banks of the distant Ganges ; while James, the Greater, seeks in the unknown land, of the Spanish Peninsula an inviting field for 'the- exercise 'of the ministry that had just been miraculously perfected in him. 'Thou shalt send forth thy spirit, and they shall be created.' They were poor and unlettered, and habituated from infancy to the rude lifo and associations of the fisherman. Jesus Christ had taken them into His school, and had spent three years instructing them in the beauty of His doctrine, and ' the'my«teric-- of the Kingdom of Heaven.' But their innate dullness of heart continues. They understand little of what they hear, and merit the rebuke which their Divi:ie Maeter was moved to address to them : '* O; foolish and slow of heart to believe.' But the Spirit of God descends, and 'they are created.' Immediately the teaching of their Divine Master becomes clear and captivating, and its hidden truths pro pounded by them in language of heavenly beauty. They became the teachers and instructors of the whole world, though that world contained at the time those who were esteemed 'masters of rhetoric and miracles of wisdom,' and they have left us — these rude, unlettered fishermen — in their inspired Epistles, those fountains of heavenly knowledge at which the brightest intellects ot the last eighteen hundred years have fired their inspiration, and on which the Church of God roust ever draw in the preservation of her divine mission as the divinely accredited teacher, of the nations of the world. The apostles were weak, worldly-minded men — they inherited their full share of that sad legacy that had come to all from the first sin. They were vain, jealous, and ambitious : two even presuming to claim the first place in their Master's kingdom. But God sent forth His spirit, and they became new men. The one ambition that now fires these generous souls is to glorify God by their Is boars and their sufferings, and to become anathema, if neces sary, to that world they so lately loved, that they might gain Jesus Christ. There is now no unseemly scramble for the first place at the table, no dreams of- an earthly kingdom, no yearning for the revival of the ancient glories of Israel. Other thoughts than these dominate their mitid: the glory of Christ crucified, the spread of his name among nations, the submission of all men to His sweet yoke. Such were the purposes for which they strove in the face of every opposing danger,' anim ated by one spirit, breathing one sentiment — that of St. Paul — ' who Bhall separate me from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation? or famine ? or distress ?? or nakedness? or persecution? or the sword ?' And t.he tragic close of the life of eaoh beBt attests the loyalty'witb which they responded to- such, a battle- Cry.' Yes, dear brethren, they were created, they were new men, indeed, and the renewal of the face of the earth which followed from their labours is a still more marvellous evi dence of the divine fact. .... Here we must call in history to our aid, and what does history iell us? That the world at the time reposed in the full blaze of that intellectual development which distinguished what is known as ' the Augustan Age.' The cultivation of the arts and sciences had attained its highest perfection, the ancient philosophy of Greece and Rome its fullest wisdom — and men boasted of the enlightenment of the age as superior to anything yet attained in the domain of intellectual culture, and yet what waa the con dition of human society ? It was buried in a stnte of religious and moral degradation that was truly appalling. All the nations of the earth, except the Jewish people, were the helpless victims of a gross idolatry. 'The whole world, '-says a learned writer, 'was a temple in which everything wus God except God himself.' They worshipped imagi nary, beings, irrational animals, the sun in the heavens, and in the one city of Rome there were 30,000 idols erected to its false gods. Nay more, so far waa ' truth diminished among the children of men' that they deified their very sins, and raised up altars to the honour of their impurities, their hates and their drunkenness. Such was the face of the earth when the spirit of God came down thiB morn ing to renew by the preaching of the apostles and their successors, and I need not delay to remind you of the result. The face of that earth was renewed. These abominable excesses were sup pressed, the huge imposture of paganism was swept away ; the standard of the Cross was planted in the centre of its mightiest stronghold ; and the dark ness of unbelief gradually gave- way before the bright light of the exalted doctrines of Christ, which became diffused throughout the whole world. This was only the first scene in the divine drama that was just unfolding itself to the world. The consequences of the prevailing depravity were reflected in every phase of social life. In an age so remarkable for intellectual culture the vast major ity of the human race was reduced to a state of abject slavery. In the city of Rome, and for 3G0 years, the proportion of the slave to the freeman was 3 to 1. In Greece, the centre of the classic culture of the time, it rose in some cities as high as 20 to 1, while in some of tbo surrounding barbari ous nations the evil was not less aggravated. These poor creatures were regarded as belonging to a kind of inferior order of being, who had no rights to be recognised, no privileges to be respected, no tem poral or eternal interests to be provided for. Thousands were periodically gathered into tho Roman amphitheatre to slaughter each other for the brutal gratification of the populace. Ladies engaged at their toilet might turn round upon their poor female slave in attendance and plunge their daggers into her heart if she happened to make a mistake in the adjustment of her dress. And there was a law, even, which pro vided that if the master was' assassinated all the slaves except the infirm and those in chains might be put to death, and there is an instance on record whore 400 were so executed in cold blood to satisfy the manes of their murdered master. Such was the world upon which tho Spirit of God came down to exercise his benign influence, through the preaching of the Gospel of Christ. According to the principles of that gospel all men were equal before God ; sons of the same Heavenly Father ; heirs to the same Heavenly Kingdom. Man's social status was an accident of life that meant no real degradation as such, and cast' no stigma upon his immortal soul, which was equally noble, whether it reposed in the breast of the king or the bondsman, In obedience to such principles and quickened by her Divine Spirit of fraternal charity the Church took the slave to her bosom with the fondness of a mother's love, and having washed his immortal soul in the saving waters of baptism and having introduced him among her children, she exhorted him to the practice of those virtues which till then were repudiated as baseness— humility of heart, patience in suffering, and resignation to the Holy Will of God. ' You slaves,' says St. Paul, ' obey them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in the simplicity of your hearts, as to Jesus Christ himself, not serving as if pleasing man, but as the servants of Christ doing the Will of God from the heart.' Thus the Church sought sweetly to remove from tho slave the stigma of his slavery by reminding him that though he was a slave he was no less a child of God; and that he could serve God no less effectually by offering to him in simplicity of heart that, service which his condition required him to render to his master. Tho master too was equally the object of tho Church's solicitude. She takes pains to disabuse him of the idea that he was the absolute owner of those subject to him, or free from responsibility in their regard. ' And you masters,' he says, ' do tho same thing as your slaves, forbearing threatening, knowing that the Lord both of these and you is in heavon, and that them is no respect of persons with Him. Do to your servants what is just and equal, knowing also that you have a Master who is in Heaven. . . . that there is in Christ neither bondsman nor free man, neither Jew nor Gentiln, neither barbarian nor Scythian, but Christ the Lord in all, and ye are all one in Jesus Christ.' These were the first words of remonstrance and sympathy and hope spoken on behalf of the slave, and they came from the Holy Spirit who had undertaken the renovation of the world. But this emancipation was to go on. The slave was not only received among tho children of the Church and placed on a level of equality with his master in the distribution of her spiritual gifts, he was admitted into her sanc tuary ; nay mere, some were oven raised to the honour of her altars, and enrolled on the Calendar of her canonised Saints. The policy thu« inaugurated alio pursued through the whole course of her history. Slowly, if yon will, but firmly and unswervingly pleading tho cause of the slave, and defending his rights by word, by warning, and sometimes by the fulmin ation of the severest censures, and with the result that the cruel institution was uprooted, and that to-day there is no slave in any land where tho name of Christ is spoken with honour. If wo pass to the consideration of the more intimate relations of society, tlie picture will be no less depressing. Woman had been displaced from her legitimate position as the equal and helpmate of man, and re duced to a state of debasement bordering on slavery. She was deprived of all 9ocial and legal rights and denied iu great part the exoicise of personal liberty. Before marriage tthe belonged to her father as one of his chattels, and he usually said her to hor future husband for a small miio of money. After matriago Bhe became the property of her husband, who assumed towards her tho re lations not of spouse, but of master. Ho could abandon, scourgi-, or dismiss her, according to the promptings of his caprice. Sho was denied all. authority over her children, to whom she wat» scarcely regarded as an equal. Excluded from the family circle, and forced to live a dreary, neglected life in the company of her slaves, woman was thus not only deprived of that respect which the gentleness of her nature and the refinement of her feelings should win, but subjected to a species of cruelty which is only to be explained by a Bpiritof deep-seated contempt. She waa declared tho source of every evil, and Socrates thanked the gods that he was born neither a slave nor a woman. - This sad state of feeling towards woraon found its natural outcome in the indifference with which the marriage contract waa regarded. The general idea prevailed that when marriage became a source of unhappiness it should be dissolved. Men of the highest rank and brightest intelleata put away their wives on the most flimsy pretexts, nnd it was populatly held that marriage brought only two happy days to man— the day of his e3pout-al aud the day on whioh he laid hia wife in the tomb. The reault wub univetsal corruption, deep deformity of morals, in which neither justice nor charity, nor social nor personal purity found a place. What a fiald for tha work ings of the Holy Spirit of God. Yes, dear brethren, in the glorious regeneration of women that fol lowed we have one of the proudest triumphs of the Church, and ono of the moBt striking fulfilments, of the prophet's words, 'Thou shalt renew the face of the earth.' When God chose the virgin daughter of Zion as the mother of His Son Ho restored ? woman to her original dignity. Mary, one of the despised, was raised by the hand of her Creator to .- a position of honour immeasurably superior to that of the angels, and' set up before woman as the model in which would be found every virtue that should adorn the Christain maiden, wife, and mother. Hence that ennobling of woman which ifc has been the cherished mission of 'the Church to proclaim. Man must be' reminded that Bhe is not his inferior, his Blave, or the Bport 'of his . passions, that she i3 his equal in intelligence and-dignity, .as ' she is in the unity of^origin, identity of future' hopes. Christ himself ' would have ub to know all thiB from his tender treatment of women, and His ApoBtle* more expreaaly proclaimed it when He Baid, 'Ye are all children of God by faith which is in Christ,' and there is neither Jew nor Greek, neither servant nor freeman, there is neither male uui luiueuD. jjui, um nguLa ot woman received a still higher sanction in the Church's fearless de fence of what is acknowledged as the great safe guard of her hononr and dignity, the unity, the sanctity, and theindiBsolunility of marriage. When the apostle of the Gentiles announced to tho EphesianB of old, ' Husbands lovo your wiveB as ChriBt also loved IliB Church,' his words wet© a startling awakening to his hearers. Yet they expressed only one phase of that mysterious union between huBband and wife which Christ had already raised to tho dignity of a sacrament, and pronounced indissoluble by earthly power. ' What therefore God hath joined together let no man put asunder.' Hero is laid the baBis of what is called the ' palladium' of the woman's rights and privileges. She becomes her husband's helpmate, bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, and hence matt , shall leave father and mother, and cling to hia wife, and they sha^l be two in one flesh. ' One . with one only and for ever' become the charter of, her claimB to that position of independence in the ? household, in virtue of which, while duly subjeot to her husband, as to the Lord, she becomes the - queen of the Christian home, the moulder of the ? Christian family, and shall I not say it ? the hope of Christian civilisation. Thus woman becomes ., rescued from that degraded bondage under whioh . ahe lay for so many centuries, and restored to her . legitimate place iu society. She became the ? active dispenser of Christian charity. Yes, and the great exemplar of Christian virtues which till then were regarded aa impossible, and hence wn have had in every age and every clime since then, that grand succession of valiant Christian women who ? have done so much towards the advancement of religion, and whose deeds of Christian heroism form some of the brightest pages iu-the annals of the Christian Church. How lively then, and deep and enduring should be woman's gratitude towards the Catholic Church, which has been her true emancipator ; for, as the great American Cardinal expresses it, ' if virginal and conjugal chastity is held to-day as the brightest gem in the diadem oi woman, if tho wife is regarded as tbe peer ot her huBband, aud not his slave, or the toy of his ca- . price or paasion, if she is honoured as the mistress of the household, and the quean of the domestic kingdom, to be dethroned only by death, she is in debted for all this to the Church, which always held inviolable the unity and indissolubility of marriage.' The elevation of woman waa followed by another result no lesa important — the saving and the civilising of the child. Before tho coming of Christ the custom prevailed among pagan nations to place the now-born infant on the ground: at the father's feet. If he raiBed it up, it became an acknowledged member of the family, if he allowed it to remain on the grouud the poor little, creature was abandoned in the public Btreet, whore it usually died from hunger or cold, or became devoured by the dogs. Tertullian speaks thus to the Romans of his time ' How many are there . among you who havo put. an end to your children ? you drown them, you suffer them to die of cold or hunger, or to be eaten by dogs.' Again those who wero saved from this miserable end passed bd completely under the power of the father that he could imprison tbem with impunity, beat them with rods, loud th9m with chains, sell them as slaves, or put them to death. Wo can well imagine the affliction, of spirit which this deplorable state of things niusthnve awakened in tho heart ofthoChurch of Christ- She remembered her Divine Master's solicitude for little children. ' See that you despise not one ot these- littlq,. ones, for I aay to you, their anpeln in Heayeri!'-ai ways see the face of my Father, who is in Jlo iven,' Taking her inspiration from theso words, Bhe rushed to the rescuo- with hBr resistless ardour, and exer oised all her influence by apostolic constitutions,; by council, by tho ordinance of bishops to restrain such cruel treatment of children; and when .even ? tually sho oame to poaseBB tho power ebo wielded it with unspaiing hand in inflicting condign, punishment on the unnatural parent, who would., oontribute towards the|df.ath or mutilation of the child; while at the same time her moBt earnest apv peals were addressed to, all to reqognhe the , rights' . and high destiny of the little ones of Christ; who becoming in baptism the consecrated property of God, were thereby invited to reiga with Him for ever in Heaven. But, perhaps, one of the moBt striking manifestations of the workings of tho Holy Spirit in the Church of God is yet to be considered. At the time he descended on the Apostles in the form of fiery tongues, the city of Rome contained a population of 2,000,000, in which the poor num bered no Ipsa than 500,000. Y et in the whole range of Roman history there is no mention of a Bingle asylum for the poor, or hospital for the sick ; no attempt by either public or private munificence to provide for the afflicted members of humanity. On the contrary, the prevailing spirit of the time . waa diametrically opposed tc tbe very idea of such philanthropy, and henco while we find men throw ing away their money to show their contempt foi riches, or to rid themselves of the anxiety which ita possession entails, there was no thought of the suffering of tbe poor. SeDcca tells us, no doubt, that men sometimes threw an alms to a beggar, but, he adds, this was merely to get rid of him, and Plautus writes : ' What is the use of giving anything to a beggar ? One loses what he gives , away, and only prolongs tbe miseraVile life of tbe receiver.' And as a further outcome of such in human heartlessness, the aged and infirm slaves were usually gathered together on an island in the Tiber and there allowed miserably to perish. There could bo no more inviting field for the exer cise of that charity which Christ had mude the characteristic work of His followers than that which opened up before the eyes of the infant . Church of God in this connection, and non»» to which she gave herself wir.b more ieatleBS zeal. Collections were made every Sunday for the orphans andwidows, the sick and infirm ; at the time of the Decian persecution, in the year 240, no less than 1500 of these were being supported by the charity of the Church ; and that she regarded this work as one of her most hallowed dutieB is well illustrated by an incident; recorded in the life of Sr. Lawrence. VVhen the Saint waB led before the Roman Prefect and commanded to surrender the riches of his Chnrch, he asked for three days to gather them in. At the end of this time he appeared surrounded by the poor, the orphans, the aged, the infirm, and said, ' These are our riches; these are our jewels; these are the treasures which we prizp.' Yes. dear brethren; from her very first beginning on Pente cost Sunday down to the present time, her organ isations of charity havo ever been one of the most prominent features of the Church's enlightened mission among men, which has forced itself upon fche recognition of every impartial witness, and has won from no loss unfriendly a critic than the famous Montesquieu the following avowal : 'Hie Catholic Chnrch, which was established to provide for man's happiness in the life to come, succeeds better than any other institution in providing for his happiness even in this life.' Theso are some of the many reflections which the great Festival of PentecoBt must always bring up for consideration ; and the impressive religious function which haB just taken place within your sanctuary is strongly in harmony with its highest spiritual significance. In that function we have had only a fresh develop ment; of the active agency of the Holy Spirit of God, which began in the Coenaculum 1800 years ago, and which shall continue through the sacra mental ministry of the Church to the end of time. We repd in the Acts of the Apostles that when tbe wants'of the infant Church called for the help, 'as the apostles were ministering to the Lord and fast ing, the Holy Ghost said 'to them, ' Separate mo Saul and BarnabaB for the work whereunto I have taken them;' then they, fasting and praying, and imposing hands upon them, sent tbem away.' In like manner, dear brethren, when the declining strength of the venerated prelate whose privilege it has been under God, and in obe dience to the mandate of the Apostolic See, to found tbiB important dioceso, and to create and guide that great religious development which has been in active operation amongst you for the past 31 years, needed the aid of a helpmate, the Holy Ghost, speaking through the Vicar of Christ, sets apart the young ecclesiastic upon whom the plenitude of the priesthood has just descended, that he too may go forth to continue the apostolic work for for which hiB learning and prudence and high priestly virtues so eminently fit him. Accordingly the illustrious head of the Catholic Church in Australia comes hero to-day, the bearer of tbo apostolic mandate to impose bands upon him, to invest him with a new myterious power to raise bim to a new and sublime dignity, to realise in him anew the words of the prophet, 'Thou shall send forth Thy spirit, and they shall be created, and tbey shall renew the face of the earth.' Yes, dear brethren, when the consecrating Cardinal imposed bands upon him and anointed his head with holy chrism, the Holy Spirit came down to change him into a new man, to perfect inwardly in him what had been symbolised by that external rite ; and entering into hia soul ho replenished it with the fulness of grace, and imparted to him the full measure of sacerdotal power, which constitutes the Bishop the image and likeness of tho ' one true High Priest, ' that High Priest that has entered with His blood into tbe eternal sanctuary, and is the Bishop and shepherd of our souls.' The sacerdotal character has become invested with new potency — -an inward Bpititual energy — not inherent in the simple priest, in virtue which the Bishop is empowered to transmit into others what he has himself received, and thus to perpetuate the apoBtolic succession in the Church of God, and to hand down from generation unto generation, 'unto the consummation of the world,' tho eternal priesthood ot Jeaus Christ, for the offering of sa-i-'fice, and for the remission of Bin. In th-- cer. mony of to-day this young priest has been made a suc cessor of rno first chnmpiinR of the Cross who went foifcb fn-m r.h» Comiaciiluoi on rhf. First Pentecost to renovate the world. He has bpcome the guard tin of their hallowed traditions, a Bhnrer ?in the labours, and an aspirant to that Crown, if aeeds be, which became the woll merited reward ot their loyalty to their Divine iVlnBter. This timid priest becomes to-day a bravo and a vigilant sentinel, whose duty it will be to take his stand of the watch-towers of Israel, and proclaim in no uncertain sounds the approach of every -threatening dsnper. whiBi duty it will be lo guard the deposit of divino truth with 6 courage of \- heart and a strength of will and a boldness of action that will show no wavering, Buffer no crm ' promise, shrink from no sacrifice, that (he faithful fulfilment of his trust may demand ; for ' the good shepherd lays down his life for his sheep.' j ? He must feed hiB flock with the pure unadulterated food of sound doctrine, preaching the word of God in season, and out of season, letting (ho brightness of his virtues, the light of his faith, the warmth of his charity, shine forth as a heavenly beacon before men to lend them in the ways of truth and ?justice, -to tbe knowledge and service of God. His heart must expand in nil sympathy with the poor and the nfflicted, and his most anxious care be bestowed upon the lambs of the flock — to sacuro for these little ones the blessings of that religious education that will train them in tho knowledge of religious truth, tbo profession ot re ligious principles, the practice of Christian virtue, the fulfilment of those Christian duticB that will mould tbem into God-fearing men and law-abiding membem of society. Such aro some of the heavy responsibilities whioh your young bishep assumes ?to-day, and they may well awaken that lively ap prehension with which the burdens of the episcopal ?office have ever been regarded by tlie Saints. But I would venture to say to him that he has much to ' inspire hope. He has firstly the call of Him who ?has said, ' You have not ohosen Mo, but I have chosen you, and appointed you, that you Bhould go and 'bring forth fruit, and your fruit shall remain,' and if a wbolosomu spirit of humility should still suggest thoughts of personal unfitness I would re mind him that he is tbe successor of poor fisher men who had no learning save the ltnowledgo of Christ crucified. He will have the wisdom and ex perience of tho venerable Bishop of this dioceBB to guide his halting footstepB, and need I add how .earnest are those wishes that go out from so many anxious hearts in this diorese to-day that that guidance may continue for many years to come. It WAB his master-hand that took up the scattered fragments of the Church in this district 31 years ago, and moulded them into that fair strong com pact body which we see it to-day. It was his active energy and large-hearted generosity that called into play those various agencies of good for religion, education, and charity that dot fche fair face of this di- cete to-day, and render it such a smiling garden in the vineyard of tho Lord. It was hiB enlightened zeal and far-seeing wisdom that drew around him tiom the schools and colleges of the old world those earnest workers of fche Sanctuary who have been his faithful lieutenants in scattering I those seeds of faith and virtue that we w-aoy ' bearing such an abundant harvest of spiritual fruit for the glory of God and for the salvation of bouIb. Such _ is the chosen vineyard of the Lord on which the newly-conBecrated Bishop enters to day with so much promise, and as the helpmate of that aged Father who had the moulding of his early life and the guiding of his early aspirations, that Father who watched bo anxiously over the ripening of that wisdom and virtue of which in early youth he had recognised the hopeful germs, and who re joices to-day as no other may rejoice at the happy realisation of his cherished expectations. But there is another feature of the day's celebration which we cannot pass over in silence as it is both uniqne in its kind and full of hope ful significance. The Australian church to-day sees in tbe person of your young Bishop the first of her sons attain the dignity of the Episcopacy. For the past 100 years her growth haB been rapid and her development marvellous beyond a parallel per haps. Her children have displayed a docility to her teaching, an admiration of her beauty and loyal attachment to her interests, which compare favourably with balmiest days of the ages of faith. Her daughters have shown an aptitude in forming themselves on the high models of Christian virtue that have been set before them, which haB resulted in the production of some of the highest idealB of woman's worth and woman's virtue, and woman's heroic devotion to duty, whether in the Christian home or under fche shadow of the cloister. But the service of the altar has not thus far been so largely supplied with recruits from the ranks of her children. No doubt this reproach is fast pas sing away. The recently-erected College of St. Patrick's at Manly has already begun to send forth its supplies to the rankB of the Australian priesthood and the sixty young Levites who are at present engaged in pursuing their ecclesiastical studies within its walls give, promise of a harvest of missionary activity of which any church might feel proud. But the event which I claim as suggestive of deepest significance and radiant with brightest hope has takon place to-day when one of her gifted sons has been for the first time raised to the episcipal dignity to take hiB place, in the council of her Bishops, and have hiB Bhare in the guidance of her future destiny. May we not take it as marking the opening of a new epoch in the life of the Catholic Church in Aus tralia, as an auspicious augury of future advance, of increasing blessings, and of brighter trinmph of Christian truth and justice and enlightenment in this southern land ; aB the harbinger of special benediction for you who will be the receiver of itB first fruits ? Let us pray that it may be so ; that the young Prelate who has ju=fc been consecrated may in his future career realu -? nil the hopes that have been formed of his worth : that his days may be long and his labours fruitful, his triumph bril liant, so that, having multiplied the works of his ministry through the quickening guidance of the Holy Spirit, having served his God and cared for bis flock and fulfilled his trust as a true soldier of the Cross, he will receive that crown which is the assured reward of the good and faithful servant. Amen. 