DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS HAVE CURED ME. THOMAS JARVIS Of LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. AFTER DOCTORS AND UOSPJTALS HAVE UTTERLY FAILED. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG BEES CONSIDERED INCURABLE BY THE MEDICAL PROFESSION, HAS AT j LAST BEEN CONQUERED. J HAS A MIRACLE BEES PERFORMED ! J (From the Australian JFT>r.LR:arc.) la rejdy to the preliminary questions, I said :-lou waut to kuow all about my . Ciise? Well, I aui glad of au opportunity ! to tell you* The facta may be of value to those who are stricken as I was. About tivo y^-ara ago, next Christmas, I met with' an iccideut. I was badly scalded while taking a bath iu Pitt-street, Syduey. fciuce the accideat i have beea ia failing health, and after four years of ^gradual development of the malady X was forced to give up my billet at the Globe Island ? '* What were tho symptoms 11 Simply iudescrio<»oie. Tuo pains were somethmg terrible. They wete just about as mucn as 1 could bear. They wero for ail the world like as it a saw were cuttiug my boues m two iu ovet y pirt of me. I h*d no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a uub«nce to myself ami everyone else. 1 was iucesiautly suiveriug and sh-*kiui»» and could neither eat nor sleep. Ou tho «3rd Match last I saw a well-kuowu doctor, aud he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave mo au order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." Did you make use of the order r'' v* Ko ; I came home aud went to bed, and have beea pretty well m bed ever since. Five weeks ago 1 ceuld not walk across the floor ; ia fact, I could not get out of btd. i felt then that it was all over with iue, and ouly a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor W;is atteudiug me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agouy I was in. 1 was uuitcr him for five or six weeks. He cauir, to tho conclusion that I «\ as suffering from locomotor ataxy, or progressive locomotor j ata>yt a disease of thej-paul curd, uharac- j tensed by peculiar disturbances of gait aud difficulty iu co-ordiuatiug voluntary move'* j meuts. He told me that 1 mis*t»t last for 10 years, and that I might never get tho use of my legs. (Justtheu the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not iutahible.) Well, just aa a drowning man will crasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by an adver tisement dejeribiug tho cure effected in tho case of another boiler-maker iu England, which I read in the ^Ksfrn.'ui/j jrerXv.-wri, by Dr. Williams' Pink Tills for X\do People. X read in the advertisement of a case which teemed to fit my own. I determined to give tho X'ink Pills a trial anyway, aud sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical, 1 was able to eat aud sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest 1 had had for many a day. It was incredible, I imme* diatelv left the bed, and was able to move about. X have taken four boxes of Piuk Pills duriug the past four weeks, aud am now taking the tilth box. I can walk about with the aid of a ttick, aud «m gradu* ally, bat surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They were made for mo before I got Br. Williams* Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, aud now I dou'c waut them. All 1 waut is this stick, aud I hops soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength," He is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jaivis, who had come in aud taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills have saved hh life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jams looked ten years younger that Quy than he did a fortnight previously. " 1 can now,*' continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, aud all the feeling has come back iu my legs. If X keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to leoume work as a Iviier-m »ker, aud you know X have to lie i.i the very pink of health aud strength to a oi k at that trade. I am better to\iuy th-n I have beea at auy time during the past live years. 1 ascribe all the change ana benefit to these Pink Tills. They have saved my life. 1 am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there ii a box of opium aud motphia pills, which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciatiug paiu. But they cau stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amused at the change iu me. They cau hatdly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensatiou out here." Such is the remarkable history, and con* firms what is said iu all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams'Pink Pills for Pal . l\ople They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, aud spinal disease, also tin; mauy disorders which arise from an impoveiished state of the blood, such as amentia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, paius in the back, nervous head* ache, &e.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Willtuns* X'ink Pills for Pule People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forw&id; on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s CM, or half dozen for 14s 9d. 