-{WONDERFUt0WOMAN; OR, -THE .DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. BY MRS MAY AGNE? FLEMING. 'Author of "~ed, Yet.No Wife," "Nor Ine," "Baronet's Brfde," Etc. • CHAPTER X.-(Continued;) "He has given-you no earthly-reason to say It !" Katherine exclaimed, "and .It ,is not like you to be unjust. ?It li. a -shame,. Papa ! a shame. ! You .. know.- .nothing -wrong : of him-nothing. Even the grim, pitiless English law takes the prisoner in: the dock to be innocent:until he is proven ,gu!lty,. You speak-of hlni as though he wre,.a vlllain,?dothblo-dyed!. I-repeat;.it is ashamne to slander the absent in this w'ay and a soldier who hdl fought, for. his cointry, as you have; .ought- to be the last tobdo it.- You wrote to. New -.Orleans to flindout his. clharacter-did, the'answ"er testify such. dark suspicions 2-as these ? " "The answer left me as much in the :"dark.as ever. Mr Dantree's 'character Sin:New Orleans is simply- nil-no?' one knew anything much either to his credit or discredit.- You defend your love Sstalunclly, Katlerine. I don't think the woise'of you for it, but it won't do. I Even you, my child, eloquent as you are. Ia with all your special pleading, cannot C make a hero of Gaston Dantree." s "I don't want to make a hero of him ;I he 'suits me well enough as he is. As p he is, with all his faults, whatever they may be, I am willing to take him-to -hold to him all my life: ; and be very Ssure, whatever that life Inay prove, no .;one alive shall ever hear me complain C \- of him." " I believe you." her father said, n quietly ; " you're not a model young lady by any means, but you deserve a much better husband than Gaston Dan= r tree. Child,.child ! you are hoplessly infatuated ; I might as well talk to the a trees waving yonder outside the window, h as to a romantic girl in love. But think j a moment-think how little you know of this man. Who is to prov he hhasn't a wife already out 'yonder in the Southern States ?" "Papa !" But there was a sharp. sudden pang in her voice as she uttered the .indignant cry. "Marie de Lan sac !" the name that haunted her dreamn that morning, came back. "Ah, Kathle, flying Into a passion will not prove his worth. I repeat, we i know nothing of him--nothing but r what he has chosen to tell or invent..Do you really believe, my poor Donna Quixote, that if some freak of fortune I deprived you to-morrow oitScarswood I -and its rent-roll, he would prove faithful to the love he has avowed ? If you were t penniless-as he is-do you believe he 1 would ever make you his wife ?" She met his sad gaze full; but she I was white to the lips. "I believe it, papa. I know how II would act by him: poverty-disgrace, even-n-ould only make me cling the more devotedly to him I would take his part against the world, and why should I. think him the less generous ? ;.Papa, it may be your duty,~ but yon torture me! --What is the use of say Ing such things, except to make me miserable ?" But it was not her father's words that made her miserable-it was the t doubt in her own heart, the conviction Sthat he spoke the truth. Not all her i insane infatuation could convince her t that this man was either loyal or true. She had been brought up In a peculiar way enough, this Impulsive Katherine; and, If thern is any excuse ito be made for her wilful perversity, it lies in that. Mfotherless at the age of three, left to a dotind father, spoiled by Indian ,purses, Indulged in "every caprice, she I had grown up headstrong and full of i faults. The Indian colonel had taught r her to scorn a lie as the base crime 'of I a coward, and taught her to be as true [ as steel, loyal, generous, and- brave; p1 and she knew in her inmost heart t that Gaston Dantree was none r of these things - was twice as5 u nstabie.. ? o-., ..YSr?.erTYg' .a ancy naut goneout to him, and it was 'too late to recall the gift. Her father drew her to him and kissed her. "I will say no more-not one word ; and yet it is a cruel.kindne-s. Do you klnow what I should have dinle, Kathle,. when that fellow came here to ask your hand? I should have said, 'She is there, 'take her.If you will.` She is quite ready and capable of running away with you to-morrow, if you ask her; but as long as I live, not one farthing will she ever receive from me-not though she were starving. I nl11 never forgive her; I will never see her; she is in' love with you; take her, and when the honeymoon is over-starve! I mean this, Mr Dan tree, and we Dangerfields know how to keep our word.' Kathie, he would never .have set foot again within this house, and you-you would hate your father. I don't think I could bear that, and so, .oh, child! marry him, if you will, on New Year's Eve-what does a month more or less matter? and may heaven keep you, and defend you from the fate of a brok en-hearted wife!" She made no reply; her face was hid den on his shoulder. "'I fear for your future, my child! I fear-I fear?" the old soldier said, with strange pathos. "I foresee more than I can dare tell. Kathle, listen! Do you" -hls steady volce faltered a little-"do you think you could bear to be poor?" "Poor, papa?" she lifted her head, and -looked at him in surprise. "Yes, Katherine; to be poor, not as we are'poor in India, with servants to wait upon'us, and a colonel's pay to live on; but if I were to die, and it 'may lie soon-child be still-and you were left alone ln the world, friendless and' por tionless, to earn your'living as other girls do, do you think you could bear that?-to 'eat 'poor food? to wear poor clothlng? to labor for others? That is the sort of poverty.I mean." She gazed at him, losat in wonder. "- Poor, poor! I, a baronet's daughter, the heiress of Scarswood! Papa," burst ing into a laugh for the first time, "what nonsense are you talking? It is Impos sible for me to be poor." "But suppose it were not"-he spoke with feverish eagerness, shifting away from the gaze of the bright, wnondering eyes-"suppose it were posslble-sup .pose such a fate overtook you-could you bear it?" "Sir John Dangerfield," the young :-lady responded, impatiently. "I don't -want to suppose it-I won't suppose '.such a preposterous thing! No, I -.couldn't bear it-there! I would rather :'i'die than be poor, living on crusts, wear ing shabby dresses, and working for in solent puhrse-proud, common rich people. Papa, I would Just quietly glide ".out Of life in a double dose of morphine, and make an end of It all. But what's the use of talking such rubbish? I'm Katherine Dangerfield, heiress; it is 7\. about as likely that I shall go up to the Smoon, like Hans Pfaal, and live there away from ei'erybody, as tlhat I shall ever turn shop-girl and become poor." He set his lips hard beneath his Iron grey moustache, and his soldier's train ing stood him in good stead now. Of the sharp pain at his heart hiis face :.showed no sign. -. "And you consent, papa-you dear, ;good-natured old papa?" the girl said, her cheek close to his, her lips in his \- -ear; "you do consent! I am only seventeen, and silly, no doubt, but let 'mae be happy In my own way. I can't help liking Gaston-I can't indeed, and I want to trust him-to believe in him. You'll let me, won't you? You won't say bitter, cynical things any more. And 1 you know you won't lose me, as you - would if I married anyone else. You'll 1 only gain a son instead-and we'll live i together here, as the fairy tales say- - iappy for ever after,". 2823 "He sighed resignei; disengaged him self, and-arose . '..' ": \When, a wooma~~ll. she will, etc. Have your own y, • Katherine. Let the ?wedding be on New* Year's Eve. I give you carte bianche for the trousseau -order what-you 3 lease. I can say no more than that. I will make the best of a Iiad,bargail, since it is inevitable; but I can't like hilt,-I never can. Marry him if-you will, but I would almost sooner see you dead than give your fate into his hands. Keep him away from me-I would rather not meet him. And, Katherine .--." A pause. "Well, paps?"--she spoke rather sad 1y. It seemed very hard that the two be ings on earth whom she loved best could like one another no better than this. Her father was standing with his back to her, looking. out of- the window at the beeches tossing. their striped branehes In.the high autumnal gale. "Yes, papa-what is it?" "Don't offend Mrs Vavasor." He spoke with an effort. "You don't like. her, and you take ho0pains to hide it. Kathe-' rin?e: it wBon't do., "Wh= nbt, papa?" ' "I can't tll you why-only she is your guest; as speb she should be treated owith courtesy." "Well,-I do-try to-be courteousi-that is, I try to endure her;, but, papa. she's simply unendurable: it stifles me to live in the house with her. I Idon't kndw why--I sulpose we're antagonistic, as Gaston' says-but iity:flesh creeps- when she comes near me, just as it does when I meet a .toad. She's like a- serpent, papa-one of those deadly, cobras ; we used to have out in India-with her glit tering eyes, and her sharp,=hisaing voice, in'd her-noiseless, gliding walk. WWhy can't-yotu give her all the money she, wants and pack her off about her busi ness?"- . "Becahse-well, because the world is civilised, and she is our guest. Let us respect the sanctity of the bread and salt. She has a hold upon me-I- may admit that much-and it places me in her power. If I or you offend her, Kathe rine, it is in her power to injure us both more than I can say. It is imlpossible to explain; I can only say for the pre sent, treat her civilly, for my sake." "I will try. For'your sake, papa, I would do anything." "Exicept give up Gaston Daintree! Well well' it is the way of the world-the way of women--:avery old waay, too. And now go-I think I'll settle my mind by reading the 'Thnes' after all this. Ar range everything, buy the wedding dresses, let the wedding guests be bid den, and when the hour comes I will be ready to give my daughter away to a man of whom I know nothing. That will do, Kathie; I'd rather have no thanks. Let the subject of Mr Dantree be dropped between us; it is a subject on which you and I can never agree, though we talked to the crack of doom." Katherine laid her fingers on the handle of the door. There was a swift swish of silk outside.' She flutig it wide. iHad- 'that odious little wretch, Mrs Vavasor, been listening?. Iut the pass age was deserted, and a tall Indian cabinet.hid: the- little, crouching figure completely. - - - Miss Dangerfleld rode out under the open sky and sunny downs with her af fianced, and Mr Dantree simply heard that papa had consented that the mar riage'should take place on New Year's Eve-no more. But he could easily infer the nest from Katherine's clouded face. "The sharp-sighted old baronet- has been abusing me," reflected Mr Dantree; ''lie has taken my gauge pretty ac curately from the first. I wonder .how it Is that my face, which makes "all women fall in love with me, makes all men distrust me! Is it that women as a rule are fools, and the other sex are not? What an awful muddle I nearly made of it by carrying that confounded packet of letters about, Katherine's a piy to'the green-eyed monster already, and will be for the rest of her life. I sup pose it is in the eternal fitness of things, snmehow, that plain women- should be a!iFsayi savagely jealous, especially when they have remarkably handsome .husbamds. Before the year ends I will be the son-in-law of Scarswood Park, and the husband of eight thousand a year! Gaston Dantree, my boy, you're a:cleverer fellow than ever I gave you credit for." There was a dinner-party that even Ing at Scarswood, and Mr Dantree, with a fatuous smile, made known to. all whom it might'concern that the happy day, was near. "Mrs Vavasor's black eyes sparkled *1itlh their snakiest light; the rustling silk twisted, and twined, andifgleamed about her in more serpen tine coils than ever. She flashed a glance across at Peter Dangerfield, with spectacles over pale, near- sighted eyes, on the opposite . side. And Captain Devere stroked again his big, heavy, dragoon moustache, and shot sharp glaces of suppressed ferocity at the smiling bridegroom elect. "Hang the beggar! I'd like to throttle him, with his self-satisfied grin and confidential airs of proprietorship. I suppose Sir John's falling into his dotage-I can't account for it in any other way. Poor little fool," with a look at Katherine; "if he treats her as I know he will after marriage, I'll thrash him within an inch of his life, I wish I had asked her myself." SThe wedding-day was announced, Katherine was congratulated, and a lit tle before midnight, with her lover's parting kiss still on her lips, she went up to her room. Draped with rose-silk and laces, the carpet wreaths of rose buds on snow;,.' puffy silken 'chairs, a Swiss musical-box, playing tinkling tunes, firelight and waxlight gleaming over all-how pretty-how pleasant it looked. And Katherine, in her dinner dress-ofrich mazarlne blue, and sap phire ori~aimients set in fine gold, sat down.In the puffiest of chairs.with a tired sigh. There came a soft tap at the door not the tap of Ninon. Katherine lifted her dreamy eyes from the fire. "Come in," she said. The door OPened and Mrs Vavasor entered. - - She, too, still wore her dinner dress; the rich sea-green sllk-glowed. in the light far behind her. -The- dliamonds that were not from the Palals'.Royal flashed~splendidly on neck and arms, and ears and fingers. Her shining, luxuriant black hair floated over her shoulders, and the smile that rarely left her .was at its brightest on her face. "Am I an Instruder?" she asked gaily. "What blissful visions- of ante- nup tial felicity have I - frightened away? You will forgive me, I know, my pet. I' had to come. Kathie, dear, you don't'know how glad I am your wedding day is so niear." She took bothll the girl's hands in hers. Katherine's first Impulse was to snatch them impatienitly away; but she re membered her fatherls warn!ng. This oadlous, fulsome, fawning creature had some mysterious power over hhn: for his sake she must be civil. "You are very good," but despite the best intentions, Mltss Dangerfield's voice sounded cold. "Will you sit down, Mrs Vavasor?" "No, love; I will stay but a moment. See, it Is midnight. Weird hour!" with a shrill laugh. "Are there ghosts, do you know. at Searswood? Such a dear ro mantic old house ought to be haunted, you know, to make it complete. I sup pose every house, as the poet says, where men and women have lived and died, is haunted, and we all carry our ghosts with us through life. But I won't turn prosy and metaphysical on this happy night. Ah! darling Kathie, what an enviable girl You are ; how brightly your life has been ordered l Seventeen, rich, flattered, caressed and beloved ! I suppose you have never had a single wish ung tlfied In your I life; and In two monthsl3ou marry the man you love with you sh0le heart- I man like one's dreams of the Olympian Apollo. And others of us go through life, and don't find one completely happy day. It is the old nursery story over again, 'This little pig goes to mar ket, and this little pig stays at home.' Katherine Dangerfield, what a happy girl you ought to be!" "I am happy, Mrs Vavasor." Still Mrs Vavasor stood and looked at her. How strange the gleam in her eyes, how strange the smile on her lips! The firelight sparkled on her emerald silk, on her costly jewels, on her shin ing laces, on her coils of satin black hair. Katherine had never known fear in all her life, but- something in that woman's face made her shrink away in a sort of terror. "Mrs Vavasor," she said, rising, and turning white, "what is It you have come here to say to me ?" The widow laughed aloud-that shrill, 4 metallic laugh that rasped upon the 1 ear. "What have I come to say ? Why, to wish yot joy, of course, and to tell ybu] that I am going away," . "Going away !" . Ah Kathie. what a poor "diseembler you are ! The light of unutterable rie 1 lief and gladness lights your face at the words. : "Going away, my dearest, andiiffi dared harbor so inhospitable 'a suspicion I I should say you looked glad to kear it. But you're. ndt, are you, Kathie, love- ? and you will speed the `parting guest with real regret. ?, Yes, my pet, I am going-never- to"come back-well, not more than once again, perhaps-on your. wedding day. For I think I mustreally come to your wedding, litle Kathle;'and I wish that beautiful Mr Dantree joy. How well he loves you, Kathie: he is one of those artless; frank kind of men who weal¶ their hearts-on thleir sleeves for all the world to read.:Yes, I-leave Scarswood just-one week preceding your wedding day. You look as' ifyou did not under stand, but you are ever so much irelleved after all. By-the-by, Katherine, you grow more and more like your mother every day. Just at this moment as-ysou stand there in the firelight, in that love ly blue silk and sapphires, youare fear fully and wonderfully like her. Would you believe it, Miss Dangerfield. your mother once prevented my marriage." "Mrs Vavasor !" "Yes, my dear," the little widow said, in her airiest manner, "prevented my marriage. It was all for the best, you know-oh, very much for the best. I am not speaking of Mr Vavasor, poor dear-your mother never, knew him. I was quite young when my little romance happened, a year or two older than you are now. He was scarcely older than myself, and very handsome- not so handsome as 'that divine Gaston, though, of course. And I was-well, yes-I was just as deeply in love as you, my impetuous darling, are this moment The wedding-day was fixed, and the wedding-dress made, and at the last hour your mother prevented it. It is nearly twenty years ago; and, if you will believe it, the old pain and disappointment, and anger and mortifl cation come back now, as I talkl, almost as sharply as they did then. For I suffered-as I had loved-greatly. : I have never seen him for twenty long years, and I never want to now. He is alive'still, and married, with grown-up sons and daughters; and, I daresay, laughs with his wife-a great lady, my dear-over that silly episode of a most silly youth. And I-I eat, drink, and am merry as you see, and I forgave your a mother, as a Christian should, and mar ried poor, dear Mr Vavasor, and was happy. Your mother died in my arms, Kathie, and now I am coming to her daughter's wedding," She laid her hand-burning as though with fever-on the girl's wrist, and fixed her black, glittering eyes strangely upon her. "Look for me on your wedding-day, Katherine-I shall be there !" The girl snatched her hand angrily I away. "Mrs Vavasor!" she cried out; "what do you mean ? Why do you look at me so? You frighten me!" "Do I ?" with her mocking laugh. "Now, I never meant to do that. I don't mean anything-hoi coild. I?-but besta wishes for you. Good night, Katherine -bride-elect - heiress of Scarswood baronet's daughter - good night, and pleasant dreams. " 'The morn is merry June, I trow, The rose is budding fain,. But she shall bloom in winter snow Ere we two meet again!' He turned his charger as he spoke . Upon the river shore- - lie gave the reins a shake, and cried, 'Adieu for evermore -My love! Adieu for evermore.' " A last:derisive glance of- the black eyes, a taunting smile-singing Mr Dan tree's song-Mrs Vavasor vanished. Hours and hours after Katherine sat I very still, very pale, and very unlike her bright, dashing, defiant self, before the flickering fire. What did it all mean? Mysteries in books were very nice, the thicker and blacker the better, but in every-day life-well, they were exas perating. What power did this woman hold over her father? Why could he not speak out and tell her?. If he could not trust the daughter who loved him, whom could he trust? What did Mrs Vavasor mean by her sneering taunts, only half hidden, her inuendo, her de lusive smiles and glances, her ominous song? Was it in the power of this dark, evil woman to part her and her lover? " No," she said, proudly, liftizig her head with that haughty grace that was her chief charm; "no man or woman on earth can do that. Nothing in this world can comebetween Gaston and me, unless he should prove -" - "False!" -.Not even to herself could she repeat that word. She got up, shiv ering a little. - "It grows cold," she thought, "I will go to bed, and to-morrow I shall tell papa, and beg him once more to ex plain. I cannot endure that woman's presence longer." If early rising be a virtue, Miss Dan gerfleld possessed it. She might dance until " some wee short hour ayont the twal," but she was prepared to rise at six next morning, as fresh as the fresh est. When Sir John came out on the ter race for his morning smoke; he found his daughter pacing up and down slowly in the pale chill sunlight. A scarlet bur nouse wrapped her, and her dark face looked wan and sombre from out its glowing folds. "You here, Katherine!" the baronet said, as he stopped and kissed her. He was very gentle with her of late; there was a sort of sad abnormal tenderness in his face now. It did surprise him to find her here so early; but looking again at her, he saw how heavy the bright eyes were, how slow the elastic footfall, the shadows on the tell-tale face. "What is it, KIathie ?" he asked. "You look as though you hadn't slept last night. Has anything gone wrong?" "Well, no, papa; tothing exactly gone wrong, perhaps; but I feel unhappy, and cross, and mystified. I didn't sleep last night, and it's all owing to that detest able-woman. llght your aiieu-papa, and I will tell you wnhile we walk up and down." She clasped both hands round his arm, and looked up with dark solemn eyes. "Papa, I want you to send her away. She is a iTetch-a wicked, plot ting, envious wretch! I was happy last night-I don't think I was ever happier in my l]!fe. What business had she to come and spoil it all? I hate to be un happy-and I won't be unhappy-and- and, papa, I insist upon your sending the odious little killjoy away!" His bronzed face paled perceptibly ; an angry flash came into his steel-blue eyes. "You mean Mrs Vavasor, I presama E What has she done?" "Done!" Katherine repeated, with angry Impatience, "she has done noth ing-she Is too cunning for that; and it isn't altogether what she says, either ; It's her look, her tone, her smile, that insinuate a thousand things more than I she ever utters. . That horrid, perpetual simper. of hers says, plainer than words, 'I know lots of-things to your disadvan tage, my dear, and I'll tell them, too, some day, if you don't use me well.' I hate people that go smirking through life, full of evil and malioe, and all un charitableness, and who never lose their temper." "You seem to have decidedly lost yours this morning, my dear. May I repeat -what has Mrs Vavasor done?" "This, papa; she game to my room last night, instead of going honestly to bed, like any other Christian, and began talking to me about my-mother." Sir John Dangerfleld took his cigar suddenly from between his lips,' a dark red flash of intense anger mounting to bis brow. .:'About your motherl'" he repeated. In a tense sort of voice. "What did Mrs :Vavasor say about your mother, Ksi thie?" "She said, "for one thing, that my' mother once prevented her marriage. Now did she?"-- - \- "Not that I am an·are of. W that "Wel," that was all she accused her if, but'there were volumes implied. My mother died in her-- arems, she said, and she had long ago forgiven her. Papa, if ever I saw -a devil in human eyes, I saw one nti h'rs- as-she said }t. She hated my motner; ,ho hlites me; and if it is in her power to do me or you any harm, she will do it before she leaves Sussex, as surely as we both stand here." "Katherine, for Heaven's sake-" "She will, papa!" Katherine cried, firmly. "All the harm she can do us she will do.'.But is it in her power to really harm us? The will is there fast enough, but is the way?" "My child," he said, and there was a sob in every word, "it is in her power to ruin us-to ruin you!" SKatherine looked at him-very pale. very "grave, very quiet. You could see at once how this impulsive girl, ready' to cry out lustily with impatient anger over little troubles, would "bear great ones. " "Then, if that be true, Heaven he'p us!" she.said.. "I don't understaid, and it seems to me you will not explain until the blow falls. r Perhaps I could bear it better if I knew beforehand what I had to endure. Just now it seems stiangely impossible. You are a wealthy baronet, and I am your only child--how can a woman like that injure or ruin us? Papa," suddenly, "is there any flaw in your right of succession to Scarswood is there any heir whose claim is better than your own?" He looked at her, a look that haunted her for many a day, with eyes full of trouble. (To be continued.) 