Till Dill MM, CHAPTER XIV— (Continued). ' Are you all right again, and ready to listen to me ?' Hor answer wau a quoBtion. ' Have you found thin out f' ' I haven't found it ont. I huve only my own suspicions — very strong ones, though.' A shadow of doubt, saddened and darkened her face. Hor clasped bands drooped and fell. ' Ooly a suspicion, after all I I am afraid to h«pe, it Beemii 10 unreal, bo improbable. If it were Harry, why should he be bore f Why should Cap tain Danton protect and shield him ?' ' That u what I am coming to. You know vory little of your husband before you -married him. Are yon sura he did Dot marry you under an as .sumed name?' A flash of eolour darted across her colourlesB face at the words. Doctor Danton saw it. 'Are you sure Darling was your— husband's 'name ?' he reiterated, emphatically. 'lam not sure,' she said, faintly. ' I have reason to think it was not.' ' Do you know what his name wbb P' - 'No?' ' Then I do. I think his name was Danton.' ' Danton 1' ' Henry Richard Daoton j Captain Danton's only «on.' She looked at him in breathless wonder. ' Captain Danton's only son,'' went on the doc tor. ' You have not lived all these mouths in this home without knowing that Captain Dantoa had a «on?' 'I have heard it.' ' Three years ago this son ran away from home, and went to New York under an assumed name. Three years ago Henry Darling came first to New lock, from Canada. Hanry Darling commits a crime and flies, A few Months after Captain Danton comes hora, with a mysterious invalid, who is never seen, who is too ill to leave his room by day, but quite able to go out far midnight rambles in the grounds. Old Margery has known Captain Danton's son from childhood. She stss Mr, Richards returning from one of those mid night walks, and falls down in a fib. She says she has aton Master Harry's ghost— Master Harry being oi/rrently believed to be dead. Shortly after, you boo Mr. Richards on a like oceagion, and yon fall down in a fit. You way yon have seen tho apparition of your husband, Hanry Darling, Putting all thin togetker, and adding it up, what does it corao to ? Are yon good at figures P' She could not answor him. The ungovernable astonishment of hearing what sho bad heard, struck her speechless once more. ' Don't take the trouble to speak,' said Dootar Frank; ' my news haB stunaedyou. I shall leave you to think it all over by yourself, and I trust there will bo an ond of toars and raolunoholy faces. I*; is i'Yor darkest before tho day dawns. Good evening.' . He wbb going, but Bho laid her hand on his arm. . ' Wait a moment,' she said, finding her voice. 'I am bo confused and bewildered that I hardly understand what you have said. But should it all be truo— you know — you know,' averting her face, 'r he believes mo guilty 1' . . ' 'Wo will undeceive him; I can give him proof*, 'strong as holy writs' ftnd- *' be loves you; he will be open to conviction. All will como right after a 'while; only have patience and wait, Keep up a good boart, my dear ohild, ond truBt in God.' She dropped feebly into a chair, looking with a b'ewilderad faco at the flre. ' I can't roalize it,' she murmured. 'It is like a aoeno in a novel. I can't realize it.' . She heard tho door oloio bohind Doctor Frank ; ahe heard a girlish voice aooost him in the hall. It was Miss Rose, in a rustling silk dlnnor-droso, with laoes, and ribbons, and jewels fluttering and Sparkling about her. 'It ignes Darling in there P' aho asked, sus piolomly. ? ? ? ' ' Yos. I have just been making a professional OBll.' , ' Professional I I thought she waa well.' 'Getting well, my dear Mias Rase; getting woll, I am happy te say. It is tho duty of a oon Boientious physician to sue after his patients until they are perfootly rooovored.' i ' I wonder if conscientious physicians find the duty moro binding in the oaso of young and pratty patients thau in that of old and ugly ones ?' , 'No,' said Doctor Frank, improjsivoly. 'To professional eyes, tho fliiffariug fallow-oroature ie a suffering fellow- oreaturo, and nothing more. Think better of us, my dear girl; think bolter of mo.' , Aftar dinner, in the drawing-room, Captain Dan Ion, with Grace . for a pnrfcner, tho doctor -with Eeny, sat down to a game of oards. Kato oat at tho piano, singing a flyaway duot with Miss Howard. Mr. Howard stood at Miss Danton's right olbow, devotadly turning tho muulo j and in a llttlo oozy velvet flofa, jtut big enough for two, Reginald and Roao woro tete a-UU. In tho ohangod days that como after, Doctor Frank remHiriburod that picture— -tho exquisite face at tho pluno, tho nlonder ond Btotoly form, tho hnndsomo man, and tho pratty ooquutte on tha sofa. Tho song sung that night b»ought tho tableau as vividly before him yuara and years after, ua whon ho Haw it then. Tho song who onded. Miaa Dauton's ringad whito vflugors woro flying over tlio koys in a brilliant waltz. George Howard and Roio woro floating round nnd round, in air, n« it soomod, and Stan ford win watching with bulf-cloied eyes. And in tho midst of all, abovo the ringing munlo and the aighiug of tho wild wind, thore cauio tho dunging of aloigh-bells and a loud ring at tho house- door. RoBoand Guorgo Howard ooaaod thoir waltz. Kute s flying fltigors utoppod. The card party lookod np inquisitivoly. ' Who oan it bo,' said tho oaptiin, ' ' who Jciiooks so loud, and knooia so late,' thiB atormy The servant who throw open tho drawing-room door answered him. ?'.„,.. * ' Monsieur L'a Touohc,' anuounood Bibstte, and Thore was a Httlo ory of ostoniBhmonb from Jtoso | an inwtanO's irrcanluto pause. Captain Dan tin arote, Tho namo was fiimiliar to him from his daughter. But Roae hud rocoverod herself boforo lie oould advauee, and camo forward, hor pretty face flushed. . „ , . . 'Whero on earth did you drop frumP shonsked, componedly ihnking hands with him. ' Did you ?now down from Ottawa P' ' No,' said Monniour La Touohc. ' I'va nnowod down from Tjuprnirio. I cutnu from Montroal in thin ovonlng'H train, and drove up hero, in Bpito of wind nnd woathor.' Captain Dantou oamo forward; and Roso, still a Httlo confuted, prosentofl Monslour La Touohe. Tho cordial captain shook with hln usual hoartlneas tho proffered hand of tho young man, bade him welcome, and put an iu«Unt vuto on his loaving '*Tharo aro plenty of rooms here, nnd it ia not a *iieht ti- turn i»u onomy'a dog from the door. My cou in, Mini Glraco Danton-Moiihlour L.» Tonoho i my daughter. Eveleon, and Dootor Frank Danton. ttonB&ur; La Toucho botrod with jiatlw graco to tUo-» off-hand introductions, and thim was led off tyXflo to tho piano rornor, to bo duly prooontod thoto. Bbo lmd not mndo up her mind yet Xther she woro vuxod or plearad to obb her low. Whatever llttlo affection oho had awr RWon him-»nd it must havn bnnii of tho films oat ¥rnm thn flrst—lind ovnporntcd long ntf', iiko . t ooko .But Bo.0 had no idoa oPplnlnjc In maidon Bolltttdc, oven if Hho lost tln- fasoinating Rcr nnlcl, and Bh« know that homely old raw about oomluR to tho ground butweou tiro stools. Monaievr La Touohe had the good fortune to produce a pleasing impression upon all to whom bo was introduced. He was very good-looking with dark Canadian eyes and bair, and olive Bkin, He was rather small and slight, and his large dark oyea were dreamy, and his smilo as gentle as a girl's. Mr. Stanford resigned his placo on the sofa to Montienr La Touche, and Rose, and the young Canadian wore soon chattering busily in French, ' Why did you not write and tell me you were coming P' ? , ' Bucftumi I did not know I waa coming. Rose, I am tbe luckiest fellow alive!' (To be continued.) 