St. Mary's Parish. DBPAETUEE OP THE UEV. HENET YAEKINGTON. Yesterday was tho laBt Sunday upon which the Eer. Henry Yarrington, M.A., Lh.li., oiliciated in St. Mary's Parish, Weat Maitland, as its incum bent, Service was held at St. Mary's Church in the morning, there being a very largo congrega tion. The service was particularly Buccessful, a feaiure being tho excellent pluyinir of the organist. Mr. G. P. King, A.B.O.O., the voluntary at the opening being especially good. The choir also was in Rood voice. The hymns were appropriate. The text was I John 1. 5 ' God is light and in Him is no darkness at all,' Tho preachnr prof aced bie ro murks by saying that that morning, it had been very kindly suggested, there should be a Bpecifti celebration of Holy Communion, and many of .them he presumed were present for the pur pose of taking part in the celebration. JXe had so frequently explained the object of tho Holy Com munion, or the Lord's Supper, that it was not necpssary for him to say anything special upon that subject. He need simply s-ty that at the end of a ministry extending over nearly 18 years, he bad been plousod with the number coming week after week and month after month to tako part in the Lord's Supper. Nothing gave him so much pleasure as toflud bo mauycominunicantE. As between pastor and .people it was a very sacred tie, and he wbb sorry for many reasons that they were to ba sundered. Buc it seemed to be n leading of God's providence that it was to be so. Ha liopad there would be a blessing for them in the new ministry. He hoped they would continue in the commu nion, There Bhoald be a bond of communion among all as one great family united together nu Christians. They met together at the Holy Com munion because it was an union together— an uoion together as members of a family — and communion with Christ, who is the bead of tho family. They came not simply to meet the pastor, but to meet Jesus Ohriet. It was Him thoy should remember. It was His death which they commemorated s thoy came to Hib table acknowledging their sins and their un worthiness. And ho that morning they came to communion with Him, and he trusted that God's blessing would rest upon them. Turning to the text, he said there were three great declara tions in Holy Scripture with regard to God, the third of which is that ' God is Light.' What a beautiful thing light is t was is not a fit emblem of what God is, ScionliQo men cannot toll ub what light is ; they can analyao everything, but thoy cannot atmlyse light. Nor could we understand properly what Chrint is : there wero thooriea as there wore about light. Light; is omni present : bo ia God. Light is pure : no matter what it comes in contact with no im purity Is absorbed. So with God. Light is tho source of life. If for ono momeat it waB reraovod from tho earth everything would perish instantly and be turned to icy death. God likewise is the sourcu of life, and not only the Father, but the Son and the Holy Ghost. W-i wero sometimes perplexed by the occurrences of lifo. We wonder why there is sickness, and Buffering. But let them never lose faith in tho glorious gospnl, of tho text, 'God is Light; in Him thero is no darkness.' There were 1G1 communicants. The church wbb crowded at tho evening sorvioo, and several people had to leave owing to tho seat ing capacity being ovar-taxud. The incumbent again prenched. Ho took for his text, Philippians iv., 1, 'Thoroforo my brethren, dearly beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, bo stand fast in tbo Lord, my dearly boloved.' The uermon was in tho nature geBornlly of a farowoll sermon. Mr. Yarrinuton re viewed the matter of his Bormona ainoo ho had Brut come to tho parish, and pointed out what hin in structions had been to Lia congrogation as a faith ful minister of tho gospel. Ho expressed his dis like to preaching faro woll sermons, and concluded by thanking tho congregation for thoir lumi nous to him during the eighteen yt'.niB ho had boon amongst thorn, yours which ho would never forgot — which had boeu written in delibly upon tho tablets of his heart. It was im possible ho said for him to bo horo that Icugth of timo without having entered into tho feolings of his parishioners — their joya and sorrows. Ho pnr tioularly thanked — MoBsrs. Jchn Lee, JoliuKourko, and Jbb. D. Prontico — tho churchwardens, who had been staunch friends to him. At timos when per haps ho was misundorBtood, and in consoquonco a litfcla miaroproBOatitd, their oympatby whb always conaoliog. Ho a-o thanked tho Paronhial Council nnd all church. workora and made apodal refnrenco to Mr. ]$. Munns, tho vorgor, who had hold ofiloo for seventeen of tho oighteon years of his adminis tration of tho parish. Tho congrogution wuro, many of them, visibly aff acted by tho sermon, and ospocially whon tho oolo ' Ho wipes tho toar from every oye,' was pathotioally rendered by ono of tbo lady members of the choir. At the conclusion of tho Bervico tlio congrogation assembled outside tho church, and literally bosiegod tho rovorond gentleman to shako hia hand and say good-bye. Mr. Yurrington evidently f olt extromBly tho kindncsB of the congregation towards him, Whon ho accepted tho oppointmont; to Burwood, we nro informed, ho started to visit tho whole of his pai-ishtonort) to say good-byo to thorn personally. But after Boeing upwards of two hundred of them, ho found it utturly impossible to visit nil, and through tho churchwardens ho asks them to accopt Ilia rogrot at not being abla to call upon thorn bo foro going away, Ho lookB forward to viniting Mnitland occocionally. Ho ia undor a promiso, in fact, to sovcral agod parinhionern to visit thorn for thn purposo of administering spiritual connolatlon whon requirod. The Bov. Mr. Yarrington loffc Maitland by tbo 8.15 train for Sydnoy this morning, Tho throo ohurohwardoUB Baw him off, nnd gave him an affec tionate farowell. Tho induction of tha rnv. gentleman into fcho ohnrgo of St. Luke's, Burwood, will tako plnoo on Wodneaday next by tho Blahop of Bathurot, Dr, Camidgo, and a pariim foatival will bo hold on Fri day nighc whon Mr. Yarringt»n will bo introduood to his parishioners. Ho gavo tho ohurohwnrdons a hearty invitation to go down. Tho Eev. Chan. Bico in expected to tako tem porary charge of St. Mary's parish to-morrow. His work an laid down will bocontinuodon prociooly tho painn linon as hcrotoforo undor arrangomont with tho Vioar-Gonoral. With rogard to tho fufcuro in oumbout there nro no furthnr dovolopmuntiB. Tho parochial roprcannlativon aro daily expocting to havo an interview with tho Vicar-Gonoral in re gard t.n it; ? ; ? 