THE TRIP OP THE MOUNTED RIFLES. I THE ARRIVAL IN LONDON. IIOW THE MEN AND HOUSES FARED. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, April 23. — Though, according to an enterprising contemporary, the Gulf of Martaban discharged its living cargo, including the :n>n and horses of tho New South Wales Mounted Rifles on Monday last, I am able to state that the steamer did not put In at tho Royal Albert Docks until somewliera between 3 and 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, and at the time of writing both men and horses are still aboard, though, unless something untoward happens, they will all be safely housed at Iiounslow by the time this letter has been placed in the care of the postal authorities. n,. Mm nini Yv-iinn (hn Btpnmpr arrived there. were some scores of inquisitive people, including of course, a large percentage of pressmen. The troop were all on deck, most of them garbed in their stable outfits, in consequence of which they struck the observers on the pier as being anything but a "smart" body of men. Barring Colonel Lassetter and Captain Onslow Thompson, who had got on board by means of a boat half an hour before, and Private Vacchtnl, who was "on guard," noue of the "boys" wore fit to re ceive company. When tbo vessel ranged along side the pier— she came against it with more force than the old wooden structure arid the people on it appreciated — there was a general endeavor to board, the press contingent leading the way. Leaving my London colleagues to tackle the officers, I plunged into tbo thick of the privates, and from them gleaned a few particulars of the vcyage. All were heartily glad to be at tho journey's end, and many expressed a pious hope that fate would not compel them to make the return voyage in the good ship Martaban, or one like her. They considered nine weeks— -or, rather, 64 days — rather too liberal an allowance for the run home. But beyond this they had no com plaints to make. Tho voyage, on the whole, was a very agreeable one so far as weather was concerned, though between Melbourne aud Tort- land they encountered a severe storm, during which the horses bad a very bad time. One un fortunate creature had three ribs stove in, and died; another was so knocked about that it suc cumbed to its injuries a very few days after; and a third gave up the ghost during the Suez Canal passage, its death being also attributed to the effects of the storm, which nearly demolished the stabling erected on deck. One of the horses killed was the crack buckjumpcr of the contin gent, and the demise of this animal is particularly regretable since it would have made an admirable charger for tire Marquis of Lornc to ride in the great procession. Your readers will remember that on the occasion of her Majesty's jubilee tour round the town (lie Marquis, who was riding a particularly docile horse, fell asleep and tumbled off, much to the disgust of his Royal relatives. Another horse incident which happily had no fatal result occurred during the latter part of the voyage. One of the animals in the deck stalls built just forward of the main hutch kicked out the side of its pen and tumbled down the hatch way to the lower deck. Luckily several of the men were on the spot and before the horse could get to its feet and make mischief, one of them was sitting on its head aud others rapidly secured its kicking apparatus. Having clone this the | horse was dragged off the lower hatchway cover ing to the after bulkhead, where there being space sufficient for it to stand up it was released aud coaxed into an empty stall. The animal, barring a slight scratch on its quarters, was not any the worse for its adventures. Great credit, I think, is duo to the men for the condition in which tho horses arrived. The majority of them certainly looked in first-rate fettle, their legs giving in most cases no Indica tion of their having undergone a niuo weeks' vc-yage. This happy state of affairs is doubt less due to the daily, "massaging of the horses' legs during the trip and to the unwearying at tention of tho men to their chargers. 4 Captain Scott was immensely pleased with tho condition in which he found tho equine voyagers. Ilis own particular pet, tho stallion Malachite, who was housed in a loose box forward and his steeplechaser Lancer were both in grand condi tion, especially the former. The fodder taken , on board at Sydney only just lasted the voyage .. out, and Indeed so near was the allowance that some "hay" was bought at Gibraltar, for which j.'; a price approximating to £20 per ton was paid. 'vUl The horses, however, did not appreciate the stuff, and some of it had to be thrown away. r'Jj- The men, without exception, were in excel- j lent health, and looked It, only the initial mal-de- -f mcr and slight colds having troubled any of them. ;.;f Their drills, stable work, and general exercise on hoard kept tbem in good condition, though ..v on arrival tiicy hardly answered to the "swarthy, s '"i lean, and lithe warriors, with bone and muscle ; so hard that you couldn't drive a nail into any part of them" described by the "Daily Mall's" correspondent, Mr. George Bull, sometime of Sydney, and still a "Cornstalk" from top to toe. ,>' Mr. Bull, who went on board with me at the h.. decks, had to stand a good deal of chaff for this outburst, and for his further "patriotic" v j . statement that "They ride like centaurs, for the " i saddle has been their cradle, and the horse that ' ' could throw one them has not yet been foaled." : A few of the men still retain a vivid recollection ; ot occasions when they have parted company p' with their mounts, only to discover that it is '(V; not tho fall, but the sudden stoppage tbat i , f . hurts. Of the incidents of the voyage the one which seems to have fixed itself most firmly ';! jy. in the troopers' minds was the petering out of , j the supit'y of spiritous liquors during the pas- . lj.- cage li m:i AM.- .my to IVrin. For a week or ten yi j; ' days not a drop oi whisky could be got for love ' i-y or money. Happily the bottled beer held out, Pj so that no serious consequences were entailed. ;j| At Gibraltar the Gulf of Martaban stayed nearly, j ' . i u 48 hours, and the men were allowed on shore. ' Their uniforms, it seems, persuaded the soldiers . stationed there that the strangers were "bloomin ;»j|j Hitalians." Tommy Atkins has a profound con- . tempt for "furrln sodgers," so the Australians /A \ were passed by with nods and winks and jerks .; ' U; ; of tho thumb. But it happened that whilst y . some of the "boys" were engaged in mastering tho art of riding donkeys with a group of "Tommies" looking on, one of tho beasts stum- bled, and was loudly adjured by his rider to ' "come up you silly chump" — or words to tbat « ; 'j elTcet. The soldiers opened their eyes and at P ; once made friendly overtures. They were an- ,'C PP. xious to know all about these English-speaking " ' ! p.' "Hitalians," and their curiosity being satisfied, !. ' f\i did their best to make amends for their previous j jj contomptuousness. The voyage from Gibraltar /' :l| >wi& vujy leuious, iiiiii on lue evemug ueiuro i r arriving in the Thames a fog in the Channel L delayed tho steamer several hours. l.-P: As soon as the ship was moored a huge crato j was hoisted aboard, which, ou being opened, «p -.yl was found to contain new great coats for the ' troopers to match their uniforms. These were : i speedily annexed, for there was a chill wind I' blowing from the river. But a call to "stables" V ' S ' reunited in a speedy shedding of the new gar- L'a mc-nts by all save the sentry at the foot of tho j. gangway. Just after 5 the officers departed j I j ? ! Tor "the city," it being understood that they ' ' were going to dine with the commander of tho :: "ji Scots Greys. No sooner were tliey out of sight ' t/ than Captain Scott turned up. Through some- , . | body's blunder he had made an early morning j i wjj trip to Tilbury, and a second In the afternoon, MIS anil so before he found tho ship hud compassed ' .'l about 50 miles one way and the other. 1-Iis \'\ tour of inspection occupied half an hour, and '''Mf- at the end of it he expressed himself extremely, well pleased with tho condition of the horses, ' L They were, he said, in wonderful order, consider- j V ' ' ins the length of the voyage. I1— '» k. 