SPECIAL FORM OF PRAYER. The, spirit tons of paper with thanks giving appointed to be used in all (churches and all sports in England and in this and in the town of smirk. upon Hotel on farm d by, the 20th met , has been issue II by the Bishop of -SldbouuiL, and he has hesitated to it it may be used in Ul churches in his dtOLcm. on the day in mind the form climb the evening service, with the. following,; special liitroduUoi. sea Once, Mitingo pa pa pa Ums and lessons, collect, (epistle and gospel de- Jntiodxuton SiiUihl - I exhort that first of all supply Jtloiw, prayers intercessions in! child, of thanks be made for all men, for tins nil for the Hut are in on short) time it may Kid a result and china. ills lift in all mullahs uni ton -iii for this as wood and acceptable unto God our Saviour Tain. U. 15 2 J Proper p and- w , of , cost Proper listens Jin First letter i to v 10 or - Provide And to % XT llicbvCsHul those in the li or fit. in with -a iMitTriRtH next after the Creed - Priest-O lord -Ihm Un mercy upon us, Answer - my knee us this day tion 1 read - a lord Mee the guest of Arthur - Who pittLth her trust in Thee Prest band for help firm Tin is I believe \nsv\cr-\nd cured my nightly defend her. Priest - let her uiunUs live in advantage of her Answer - Ut not the wicked approach to hurt her Pi lift -1 miss thy Ministers with righteous m s Answer- Did make Th) chosen people join in Priest On took me The) people near - And I kts Irene inheritance Pact faith in near our time O Lord River - because there is a mc other that fighteth for us but only Thou, O God Priest -lie unto us a Und, i brewing tower. -master- from the face of our L.in.ks Prince Lord hear our prayer Answer- And let our cry come, unto Thee, Collett after that for the day - Q (Girl which provides for Th) people by Thy power and rulers met them in fowl, grant unto Thy servant our Queen the spirit of wisdom and government that being- devoted unto Thee with all her heart She near warwick govern this kingdom, that in her time the church may he in Kift and Christian devotion may continue In place, that we j persevering in good works unto the end si c and b) Hay evidence come to Thine everlasting kingdom through J chu* Christ His) Son our Lord who liveth and reigneth with Diet and the Holy Ghost ever one God, world without end Amen In pi ice of the state papers -- 0 Lord our God who upholders and pavement all things by the word of law power, receive our humble prayer for our sovereign lady) Victoria (is on this day) sent oversea by Thy (Grace and providence to be our (Queen, and together with mr bles, w t Vu seech Thee Albert Prince of with the Princess of Wale-- and all the Royal Family), that they) all ever trusting in The) Town 183 protected by Thy power, and crowned with the rations and. in less favour, may continue ht fort SLUT. in health peace, joy), and honour, and may live long; and happy lives upon earth and after death obtain everlasting life and glory by the merits and mediation of Christ James our Saviour who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and in guet U ever one God, world without end Amt n M in for it j God, -who rules over all the kingdom. of the world, and d_>poi>cst of them according to Thy good pasture, mc yield Thee unfeigned thanks for that thou wast pleased (as on this day) to place Th> Krvarit our wnerdgn lad, ), Queen Vic toria, upon the throne of this realm Let Thy wisdom be her guide, and let Thine arm strengthen her, let Justice, truth, and holiness, let peace and love, flourish in her days , Direct all her counsels and endeavours to Thy felon, and the welfare of her people, and give I am grace to obey her cheerfully for conscience sake Let her always possess the hearts of her people at her mgn be long and prosperous, and crown her with immortals in the life to come; through fern- Christ our Lord. Amen Then follow a fire Prayer for Unit. ; In the first tee for Holy Communion- The Iplsth feet iVtrr, of 11 17 The Costes St. Matthew was 10 22 Thanksgiving, immediately after the Kcne nil tlidiiLjBgi.iiig - O Lord our 1 taken.) r after, we give three hearty thanks for the many 1 meetings which ITiou hut bestowed away us during the 60 years of the hut in reign of our j,r._iou!i Queen Victoria We (think That for progress and in knowledge of Tin nun i lions works for increase of comfort writes to human life for kindness feeling between rich and Ker. for wonderful we have- to the insect to men as to nil and no play Till, that this and all other Thv fifty ina) bills i g tor turned to us and to our turn, to the gUn of Thy holy times, through Jesus Christ our Lord Amen 