Fore-Warnings of Death. SO^IB EBMABKABLE CASES. There is a very interesting paper on presentiments—suggested, of course, by the terrible Paris fire—in that staid and reliable periodical, the Journal des Debate. It is fiom the pen of M. Henri de Parville, than whom there ifl> no greater authority on matters relating to hallucination, seondsight, obsession, and kindred subjects. Firet, the fact is ijoted that Mme. Julie Garivet, one of the victims of the fire, had a clear presentiment of her death. Wben she bade her friends good-bye on the morning of the fatal day it was evident that she never expected to see • them again. She said that during the night she had suffered from a fearful nightmare, and that she had dreamed of being burnt alive. Equally singular was tbe recent experience of a Parisian doctor. This gentleman was talking a walk one afternoon wben suddenly the thought struck him that his house might catch, fire during hiB absence. There was apparently no reason why any such accident should take place; nevertheless, the doctor hurried home, and, sure enough, as he approached the dwelling he saw volumes of smoke pouring from one of the chimneys. Bushini in he found that the flue i- the room adjoining his own had caught fire. Thanks to his presentiment, he wjts soon able to quench the fiaines. The Annales des Sciences Psychiques recounts two similar examples of exceptional value. President Lincoln, it says, had an unerring presentiment that he would be assassinated. During the night preceding his death he dreamed chat he walked down a flight of stairs which were draped with black cloth. When he asked the cause or this mourning he was told that the President of the United States had been killed at tbe Optra Hou-e. He told Mrs Lincoln of his dream, and she begged him, but in vain, not to go to the theatre that evening. . He smiled at her fear and went calmly out to meet his doom. The second story recalls the mysterious tragedy of Louis II. of Bavaria. This mad monarch threw himself into the Sternberg Lake, which surrounded his palace, and dragged down to death with him his physician, Dr von Gudden, who bad plunged into the Vater in the hope.of saving him. Now, a few days before his diath, Von Gudden bad dreamed that he was struggling in the water while vainly trying to save .another man from drowning. He to d his wife about the dream, and after his death she told the storv to the Anthropological Society nf Munich. Equally singular are tho stories told about M. de Levizolles. This gentleman: was recently crossing a mountain at a little distance from his borne when he suddenly received ns it were, a severe shock which plunged him into the deepest melancholy. He felt as though he had been struck with a'clenched fist, and for a few minutes his anguish was extreme His first thought was that some terrible calamity had happened to him or bis family, and that he would hear of it on his arrival at home. He was rig&t.; Hardly bad he crossed' the threshold of his home when he received a despatch finnoniicing the death of his father. On another occasion M. de LeriBolles was travelling with his wife, and she remarked one lnorning that she had not been asleep during the nisht, as she had constantly before her eyes her dear friend Mme. de B, who, according to the vision, seemed to' be dying. As Mme. de B. was supposed to be in excellent health. M. de Lerizolles assured his wife that there was no significance in her. waking dream.. But his wife would not be, con- Vinoed; and, indeed, a letter r came in a few days telling them of Mme! de B.'s most unexpe-ted death. Bight hundred cases, somewhat similar to this last one, are recorded in a book published,some time ago in JBngland. In each case some person *aw a' ghost or apparition of some living relative or friend at the precise' moment When thW relative or friend was on the point of dying. If it were, not for a presentimept :Mozart -would probably never have composed his immortal Eeq'uiem." One day, while he was sitting alone lost in, * melancholy reverie, a stranger entered the room, and, laying a handsome snm of money oii the table, re- • qneste i him to compose a " Requiem " in memory of a dear frietid who bad Just died Mozart agreed to do so. find he began work at on^e. Night and day he labored with extraoiilfn ity y.fnl;un il finally his strength g»ve Xriiy Hhd tHtaawe ill. Wl>eh his wife tried to cheel- him tip,' be sai<i brusqueiy— "It's no use. I composed that ''Requiem * for \myself, and it will be played »t my ' funeral* Nothing criulJ rid bis mind of r this ides, lifty, he ww'even convinced that the stranger whs k visitor from the othpr i world, who had come to warn hitnot! his approaching end. So be worked at the • Bequiem ' until it was finished, but, wh<bn the ^ • sirAnger cime for ft Mozart was dead.— Gltinffow H'eeldy Mail. '• .• . STBAXQB DisoovbbV AT SEVILCK —A mystfeiloris discovery ba« been; mide^^ in the Churchof St. Veter, at Seville. A clioir boy chanced to fiqd opeh tbe door ot a disused room in the tower of fcbe<sbnrch,-ana, eotering.saw protruding. from under , a pile of straw the end of a w^Wien box* At the same time he was almost overcbme by a drealfpl odour. He immediately t^ept and commnnicated to the warden what he had seen. The latter'«ras mnch annoyed with the boy, and forbade him ai^aiu pnter the room or to mention ?tbe subject-lo anyone. in tbe absence of the waitjen, the boy again made b|s--way^ fp the worn, iand; • succeeded of* which he'tdnnd there'iwerfe l6; and forcing ^itooyeised the^^ body 'of a male child about fiveyear? (^ age. Tbe boy wen t *^ lP f wmed tbB rectpr, wbo communicated wjth ttie pjBfe «na ^ &ititk; Wrf* yisited the scene ^uitf unearthed ihe bPdies ot^ no' fewer than 26 children of differert; ages, wme pf them, in an advanced st^e of deifomppsitionrand othew Which appeared to ) have been, dead only k fcw mon§is. 6nssjgclpnhiis falleh on the ch'unehwiirden and tiis wife, both jelderly perebhs, but none of the bodfes shows signs of violence, and it is thought , possible that "they had ;been pre- •lonSly buried mid sfterwardS transport'ed •to thfe Vaulted room in -the tower of the chweh. Meanwhilethe church warien, Jose Orpllana, and his wife have been arrested, • '..../ s 