I ins h wm. CHAPTER Xll—CGanthived.) , Thoy parted, a jest on Neville's lips, nnd until the clock in the' hall struck three, not a sonnd broke the death-like silence. The faint creak of a door revealed tho white face of Jacob Wise. Ho stood for a full minute, and listened without making a move ment ; thon he stepped softly into the gallery n lirrlitnd nnndln in nn fi linnd. nnd n, lnrrrn leather valise in the othor. He was pale even to the Jips, and both hands shook as though palsied. A low growl from Hector caused him to retire into his bedroom again, a muttered curse upon his lips. ' That infernal dog will spoil the cliancc of my lifo !' ho thought. ' As Shakespeare says, ' it's an ill wind that blows nobody any good, and if I don't profit by Mr. Hatherly's misfor-, tunes, my name ain't Jacob !' He set down the candle and valise, and took a copious drought from a bottle that ho had Bccretod about his person, while assisting Bent in the wine cellar. Then he held out his right arm, and apostrophized in terms of strong denunciation : ' Haven't you got any moro nerve than to tremble as though you ' bolong to a school girl ? Here's a chance to lay yourself up in clover for a life- time, and to tho deuce witli the landlady of the 'Green Dragou,' her double share of avoirdupois red hair, squint, and turn-up nose ! T® the douco also with masters who got you out of bed at nil hours that Heaven sends, and whirls you around tho world as though you hadn't any feeliug nt nil ! Just brace up a bit,' will you? You took that picture all-right, and thoy haven't missed it. Then you held on to tho -boll- rope to steady yourself, nnd nearly busted the whole game ! Now, just fivo minutes of courage ! Dead bones can't hurt nobody! which ain't, grammatical ! What was it Shakespeare said 'about this very caso 'P That fellow was up to overy mortal and immortal dodgo ! ''I could h bile 'mi fold, whose lierhhOBt word ' Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood, , Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their Bpheri'p, Thy Unfitted and oombiiipd looks to part. And i»nch particular hair to stand on end, Likn quills upon tho fretful porcupiuol'' He glared at himsolf in a mirror,' and hur ried to refresh himsolf again from his stimu lating bottle, adding : ' 'I have set my lifo upon a o&Bt; And I will stand tho hazard of the die I' He seized candle and valise, . aud crept away as silently as a ghost, iiis only rear now wns tho low muttered growling of the bull-mnstiff. Through the narrowest pnssage to tho west wing ho wont, rosolutoly, a determination in his gray eyes that was almost savage ; up tho spiral stairway, and straight to , the peuarice-oliambor, tho massive door of which lie had bivrely sufficient strength to pull opou. Agaiu ho listened, and thon with tho move ments of a tiger-cat, ho dropped to his knees. There wns no longer nny sign of four or hesi tation ; ho gathered ovory fragment of tho skeleton together, tattored clothing and all, nnd thrust it into his valiso. Ho ovon searched the floor for anything that might have escaped him. At Inst ho rose to his foot, n domoninc chuckle escaping him; ho glidod from tlio' ponando-chnmbor with his spoil, aud carefully closed the door. He crept down tho spiral stairs, and back to his bedroom, and as ho sliiit tho door Hector burst into a. storm of angry growls. ' Curse you, ha ! lia ! I defy you, you ugly boast!' laughed Jncob, as tho bull mastiff toro at the kitchen door; He blew out tho light, and pushed tho valiso into a corner, and crept into bod. Presently ho heard' a door open, and Hatherly's voice shout, angrily : ' Lio down, Hector ! Confound you, sir I' The bull-mastiff wliinotl piteously, but con tinued to growl in low tones. Another door opened, and Noville's voioe was hoard : ' Jove! Tvo had an ugly dream, Hathorly. I thought that your domon dog Wis eating my long-sufforing Jacob ! Has ho escapod ?' No, it's all right;' Cyril replied. 'Ho ovidontly dooBu't appreciato boing confined aftor the wild life ho has !od during tho past throo yoars. Why, noithor of: us is yot un drossod !' 'No, I dropped asleep before tho iiro, with tho lottor on my knees,' laughod Neville. ' Exactly what I havo beon guilty of,' re sponded Cyril ; ' but I moan to turn in at onco now. What a sloopor your man must bo to stand this racket!' 'Oh, Jacob is' tho most accommodating follow, on earth,' Neville said. 'Well, ta-tn.' Two dooi'S banged to, 'and Jacob broathod liko a man with tho khowlodgo that ho lias accomplished a great thing. CHAPTER Xlir. ' ? HATHElUiY. QUESTIONS 'J'HU 01,D GAKDENKK. . Cyril's boast of turning in' did not amount, to muoh. Ho wont to bod, but was too faiigued and excited to sleep. Two or tliroo timos ho dn/.od off, and in tho spaco of half an hour Bufliciont horrors woro crowdcd into his droams to fill a lifo-time. Tho pon ance-clinmbor in tho west towor was over prosont. Ho oropt softly up tho spiral stairs, a grotesque dwarf, with enormous sliouldors following closo upon his hools. Ho paused and looked back, hia soul quaking with four, and tho dwarf stoppod also. _ Ho whoolod round, his faco wot with porspi ration, and tho black monstor Unshod behind liim; distorted nnd quivering iu the flickering light of tho lamp. , v 'Fool that I am !' Cyril mutterod. 'It is only my shadow I' Again 'he prossod forward, impelled, it soomod to him, by unseen hands— -on, on, until tho huge door of tho pouanoo-ohambor swung baolc, with a sound that was liko im pish laugh tor. Ho sot down tho lamp, his oyoB fixed upon tlio Rlcoloton that ho htici como to gather up, and tnko away. Tlio win' to llamo ;jumpod and swayod in tho draught that cnioorod round tho room, until the shadows assurnod tho shape of a huudrod dnnoing guomos. Cyril mado a stop forward, and tho dwarf thnt had doggod liis stops appeared boforo him on tho wall and roof ten timos multiplied. It was bonding over him, ns though in protest ngninst the bones of tho murdered woman bumg disturbed. ' ' Fool !' lio again muttorod, wrathfully. ' I am ashamed of my own woaknoss.' Ho pub tho black dwarf rosolutoly from him, nnd laughod at tho jumping imps ; bo molicd out ouo litmcl to soizo 1 tlio ukulotou, when it eluded his grasp by shrinking into a corner, tho bones slipping into thoir sockets with many an ominous click. Hatherly would have recoiled, but he was rooted to the spot with fear. Ho tried to shout, hut his tongue was glued to tho roof of his mouth. With a great lurid sport of flame, tlio lamp went out, the skeleton sprang upright aud twined its long arms about its would-bo violator. Tho blnck gnomes momentarily flashed to tho coiling, and Hatherly felt him self being whirled round and round in a furious dance, to tho tolling of tlio great boll in the towor. There was a crash as of many | tnunaers ; tlio priory quaseu to its rounaa tions, tho earth yawned, and with ades2-airing yoll, Cyril awoko, his . heart thumping in his' throat. ; . . ? ' Great Heaven !' he muttered, ' that was horrible. And to prevent a rocuri'enco of the dream, I will got up.' It wa§ live o'clock, aud the oast'was grow ing gray. In half an hour it would be light. Cyril jumped out of bed, and dressed quickly. He made a rough toilot, for his clean thiugs had not yet been brought up stnirs, and the' luggage was piled in tho hall, where it had boon deposited by tho carrier. ' I am afraid that my nerves, in their pre sent stato, at lonst, would not pormit mo to l'emovo tho skeleton at midnight,' ho thought. ' I had no idea tliat I was so groat a coward !' ' A thousand arrows of light shot upward from tho eastern hori/.on, and soon the world was filled with tho May chatter of birds. Cyril opened his window, and inhaled a deep breath of the May-scented air. 'Thero!' he said ; ' that and tho sweet sunshine will dispel my folly, and while thoro is no ono about, I will pack that skeleton into a box. This determination had scarcely boon formed when tho vision of John Bent hurrying toward the house dispelled jt, and with a sigh Cyril went down stairs. ? He found tho gardener in the kitchen busy cleaning up, and not altogether pleased upon seeing his mnstor down before ho had had timo to make things a littlo moro presontable. 'Don't woi'ry yoursolf, John,' Hathorly said ; ' and it was quite needless for you to leave your bod so early. Why, mnn, I havo lived in a hut for months, and dono my own cooking and washing, out in Australia.' Bont was horrified. 'An' you ain't slept well, maister,'' ho replied, rogretfully. 'I know it because I seon a light in that window up thoro till throe o'clock,' 'Thon it was] you who caused Hoctor to bark,' laughed Hathorly. ' No, maister. I thought I heard t' bell x'iu'g, an' I couldn't sleep aftor that. It means hnd luck to you, sir, whon t' boll tolls at midnight. I heard it just t' same aforo t' old maister died, Thon I came down to tho house, an' hoard Hector barkin'. I couldn't sleep after that, an' I just walked up an' down.' Hathorly laughod, unoasily. ' Don't placo any rolianoo iu foolish supor stitious, John,' ho said. ' I hoard tho boll, but it was merely moved by the wind.' 'No, mister,' Bout replied, with strong [conviction, ' Not if it were blowin' a galo enough wind couldn't got into t' belfry to do that.' , ' Ah, well,' Cyril said, ' I liaye no faith iu such warning ; and, by and by, the thing shall bo putin repair. I suppose, John,' ho added, ' that you have no idea wliotlior tho west towor is falling to ruin or not. Whon any part of a liouso is loft to tho undisturbed possession of l-ats and othor vormin, it is as tonishing how soon it falls into docay,' Bout shook his head dolefully. ' I ain't been up thoro sinco V old maister died,' he said. He said ho was suro oi its boiu' haunted, an' wore best loft to itsolf. Ho spoko of hnvin' it brickod up, and I spoko to t' agont, Muistor Strickland, about it, but ho didn't liko to liavo it dono, as thoro was no instruction loft whon t' squire diod.' Hatherly palod a littlo whon ho thought how near liis father's crime had boon to dis covery. 'I nm glad that Mr. Strickland showed a littlo sonso,' ho said, rather sternly. ' Tho west wing is of gre'ator historical intorost than any othor part of tho priory, and I will not havo it disturbed by tho addition of a single stone, oxccpt such n« is noodod in actual re pair.' ? Ho uneliaiuod Hoctor, and the groat dog immediately bogan to bound about him in a Btato of frantic doliglit. ' If Lord Nevillo inquires forme, John,' llio said, ' toll him that I liavo gone for a walk, aud shall bo back in an hour. You had bottor call up his valet, as ho appears to have a most uncommon faculty for sloop.' ' Yes, maister, but I'll do my own work first in my own way,' Bout roplied. 'I hain't partial to t' valet. Ho thinks I bo a silly old oountryman, an' ho tolls mo lies. Ho bean't any good, maistor.' Hathorly did not pay muoh attention tit tho momout to Bent's opinion of Jacob Wiso, but ho thought of it' later. ? . . .. .: r ' One word moro, John,' ho obsot'vod, after gnawing at his moustache for a moment or two. ' Do you romombor tho, lady that my father omployed horo as his housokooper ?' ?' Romombor, maistor P That ,1 do, an' a nice, quiot body sho woro. , Maiiy's t' cup o' tea she hnd wi' my missis ; but her ways wns strange, maistor. Sho , novor talked much about herself, but wns a real lady, as had soon trouble an' bottor days.' '?What was hor liamo, John ? My fathor novor montioned it in his lottors.'. ' Winthrop, maistor— Mrs. Winthrop,' ^ont Baid, ' An' sho had a darter, a fino, stand-up young woman, maistor, sho was, that had all hor own way. A plny-aotross, I think sho woro. I've hoard hor singin' to tho squire whon sho oomo to t' priory, as sho did ovory Sunday for a whilo. Thon t' boll tolled ono night nn' soared Mrs. Winthroj) away, an' hor hnndsorao dartor, an' t' squiro ho shot himsolf. My missis took it unkind thnt t' , I . 1_ ? ? 11-.1 J.~ r.1,« noUHOicoopor novur uuuuu lu miy uuim duu » n-goin', an' thoy, too had boon suoh frionds, But I put it down to tho young 'nn. Sho woro too big for hor olo.thos, maistor,.so 'aughty-liko, Hlxoworol'' , ' Ah 1' Oyril romarkod, with an assump tion of indifCorouco, ' And you novor saw or hoard anything of oithor of thom 'again P' 'No, maistor.' ' And nobody ovor inquired after oithor of. thom P' ► Bont looked puswlod, for a moment,1 aud soratohod his'hoad thoughtfully. » Yoh, tlioro did oomo - Mi gontlemnn onoo, soon aftor t' squiro were bui'iod, but whioh of 'ora lio wantud I. can't now romombor. But, bless you, maistor, tlioy wont as thoy como— jUttitonxyfitoriously.' Ho shook his head deprocatingly, and added : ' It bo likely, maistor, that tlioir names bo no moro Winthrop than mine be. There's no knowin'. Never a letter came for 'om to t' priory, but was loft nt t' post-office to bo called for. I hoard it from t' postman his self.' ' It is half-past six o'clock now,' Cyril interrupted. ' I shall bo back in half au hour, Bont. You had bettor call Lord Neville's valet at onco.' Ho turned'nway, with Hector at his heels, a moody look in his eyes. Who was this.strangor who troubled him solf to inquire after Mrs. Winthrop and her daughter ? And would lio como to tho nriorv again ? (To be continued.') 