WILL THE PREMIER. GO TO' ENGLAND. TJie ilmo-lionored question "Will it Uueli swim" lias in tills colony lately been super seded by "Will tlio Premier so to England?'' A huge public smile is the answer. Ninety- nine men out of every hundred, if placed In Mr. Reld's position, would liave snapped at Mr. Chamberlain's invitation. But Mr. Reid boldly undertook to play the part of the hundredth. He liad a stern democratic duty to perform to the electors ot this colony, and no Imperial blandishments would lure him away l'rom his post. Others might feast aud rovel aud flunkey to their heart's con tent; his delight was not in such things, nnd Mr. Chamberlain was politely but firm ly requested not to speak to the man at the wheel. On a previous occasion, Mr. Reid publicly foreswore titles iu much the same Cushion ns a popular Labor politician, in an uncontrollable hurst ot' democratic enthusi asm, ouce renounced belltoppers. We all know what that rash vow against the harm less top-hat entailed upon the maker of it. His head gear was placed uuder the most vigilant public surveillance, aud the slightest signs of elevation about the crown had to ho Immediately explained and apologised for. In spite of all this, It was reported that the orthodox slouch was disappearing under a process of Inexorable political evo lution, by which his hats were becoming higher and shapelier every day. And by a strange coincidence, it fell to Mr. Reld's lot to draw public attention to this .lament able backsliding, lu his place in Parlia ment, he referred to the existence of an al leged "photograph of tho hou. member In a top hat," and deduced therefrom a moral concerning the incurable weakness of human nature. -As the gentleman disappeared shortly after from public life, the flual result of his struggle against temptation did not ' transpire. In view ot present circumstances, how ever, he might wreak a refined revenge if he could raise au alarm about the existence ot a portrait of the Premier iu a cocked hat aud kuco breeches. Mr. Reld's position with respect to those articles of wearing npjrarel is precisely the same as that occu pied by this gentleman towards the bell- topper. I-Ie stands rashly pledged never to have anything to do with a title. No one asked him to make the renunciation, he did so quite gratuitously, declaring that when the public saw him decorated It would be safe to conclude that he was "a bit off." It must he admitted that until lately Mr. Reid acted strictly up to that stoical resolution. He remained the political leader of the shirt-sleeved, and never once looked In the direction of temptation. Now, however, he Is about "to pluuge iuto the thick of It, heed less of the repeated warnings furnished by so many other equally self- confident demo cratic moths who recklessly approached the Imperial candle. "Every colony contains awful examples of what happens under such circumstances. It is unnecessary to. particularise cases, as there are few colonies In which the same experience has not been gone through. And always the same explanation was given. YVUen thej got home, or when the title was offered, there was such a concatenation of circum stances that morally no option remained but to accept it. OC course, it Is still possible that Mr. Reid may prove the exception, and remain true to' liis democratic vows, even t amidst all the seductive influences that will surround him during his trip. At the same time, it is a case to which the Scriptural maxim, "Let him that ihinketh himself to stand take heed lest he fall," forcibly ap plies. Indeed, judging by what has recently passed, it requires to be specially t-mpha- sised. As we have said, when Mr. Reid first received Mr. Chamberlain's invitation, he stoutly declined it. His duties as Premier of New South Wales, and leader of the Federation? movement, were such that he could not get away. It does not appear that anything has since occurred to mitigate the pressure of those duties. Everything that existed to prevent file Premier from leaving his post then exists now. But Mr. Ileid's resolution has plainly been melting away since the first day that he rashly gave utterance to it. At first he gave out that be might be publicly urged to go with such force that as a mere matter of placating tho country he would have to start. There was, however, no popular uprising about it, as feared by him, aud that difficulty might have been overcome had not Mr. Reid dis covered that the other Premiers were' re solved on going. That supplied a coer cive "reason," which almost carried him off his feet, but the public stood to him, and he remained wobbling but uueonquered. Then it occurred to him that unless he went the Imperial Government might show Its spite by refusing to sanction the Aliens' Exclusion Bill. After that, even the support of the Labor party in his heroic efforts to resist the seductions of London becomes doubtful, and there is nothing for it hut to give up flie ghost. Mr. Reid will conse quently go, impelled by "reasons" which jumped up suddenly and overpowered him, just as was the case with the gentlemen who, vowing that they would never accept titles, eventually accepted them. Who knows that he will prove more heroic in combat ting the "reasons" that will appear for his accepting a jitle when in Loudon than in fighting against those which are now driv ing him there. It is not anticipated that Parliament will seriously object to the Premier's trip. Of course not. Parliament is not paid for its work by the piece, but by the year, with no deductions for holidays, so there will be not much trouble with the political un employed. It will mean an extensive vaca tion, for which no one will have ft> pay but tho country. As for Federation, it can re main "in the air," where it will be just as safe as it has been any time during the past five or six years. The political coast is, therefore, tolerably clear. Mr. Reld's fol lowers will not he ungracious enough to put obstacles in the way of a pleasant jaunt for a leader to whom they owe so much, and the best compliment his opponents can pay him is to assist him to get to ttie other eud of the earth, and stay there as loug as pos sible. In the Hotel Cecil lie can serve their purpose much better tliau ut the head of his triumphant political legions on the legisla tive battlefield. They can consequently af ford to be generous, aud even if nothing else comes of it, there will be their share of the kudos for liaviug assisted in a loyal do- mous'trutiou. In view of all these facts, there can hardly he any doubt that during the time necessary for attendance at the record reign celebrations this country must be prepared, as far as Parliament is con cerned, to take core of itself. In the mean time, it may be some satisfaction to re collect that any departmental messenger who leaves his post for an hour will have a Public Sendee Board to face, aud that ev'ery Government clerk will be found re gularly at his desk. 