The Soil? of the Wheel. (From the "Chicago Daily Tribune.") whizzing through the meadows. Bouncing over ridges. Dodging busy crossings. Scooting under bridgep. v/vnoiiiig uun ii clLt J) JJlJlSiUeo Till the senses reel; Bless me! tliis ,» pleasant, Riding on a wheel! Rolling over roadways Swift as bird on wing Eeariy in the morning; This is just the thing! Hearing matin music From each dewy spray; Oid Sol, in the meantime. Ushers in the day. Skimming o'er the pavement. Shooting through the park. Viewing pretty flowers, Isn't it a lark? Haven't any lantern, Light begins to fail; Copper will arrest and Run us into jail! Speeding, swiftly speeding, G'o tile racers gay- Bending nearly doublo As they dash .away. « .- . All the people shouting Wonder on each face, Try to pick the winner;: ' In the-' great road- race. ,' Fapa and his baby Hailing little boy, Whilst tuneful ditties Lite is full of joy. Papa works the pedals, Baby rides before; Papa soon is tired. Baby cries for more. Gentleman in trousers Cut decoliete. Sees a maid in bloomers Just across the way. Thinks that he will charm her By his ease and grace; Finds she's fully fifty. When he sees her face. Gentleman just learning Seems a little rash; Steers into a hydrant With an ugly crash! Pulls himself together, Not Inclined to talk; While the rest are looking Thinks he'd rather walk, With immense exertion, Mr Adipose, Filling half the highway, Sweating, pulling, goes. Morning, noon and evening Finds him on the spin, Happy In the thought that He is getting thin. Stream and rale and mountain Fascinate the sight; Nature's many beauties Are the cyclist's right. Splendour of the sunset In the evening sky, Form and hue and fragrance Greet him passing by. Whizzing through the meadows, Bouncing over ridges Dodging busy crossings, Scooting under bridges. Coasting down steep hilis ides Till tile senses reel; Bless me! this is pleasant. Hiding on a wheel! The new Bishop of London has a keen sense of humor. During a confirmation tour in the diocese of Peterborough, Dr Creighton put up one evening in an old manor house, and slept in a room sup posed to be haunted. Next morning at breakfast, the bishop was asked whether he had seen the ghost "Yes." he replied with great solemnity, 'but I have laid the spirit. It will never trouble you again." On being further interrogated 3s to what he had done, the bishop said, "The ghost instantly- vanished when 1 asked for a subseription towards the res toration of Peterborough Cathedral." 