A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND A'OUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIA MENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON SIDERED Iln CURABLE BY THE j FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE "WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. AVTLLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From the Australian Worl nan.) On Thursday afternoon, our ; presentative made his wav to the humble home ol Jr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crowu-Lane, Ultimo. e was dis covered nursing a two- year-o d b: >y, and bis face declared him to be one of the 1 .ppiest men in Sydney. He was up and about nd utile to answer t lie knock at the door. A hough pale und bearing still the marks of a cr ical illness, and a period of pain, it was very 1 ear that he was an invalid 011 the rapid road to ci tvalescence. In reply to the preliminary questi- is, he said : ' You want to know all about my ca > ? AVell. I am glad of an opportunity to tell yoi . The facts may be of value to those who are : iricken as 1 was.' . ' How long were you suffering ?' Well twelve months ago I got so b-d that I had to leave off work and I have done i othing sinco then. About live years ago, next Jhristmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly st aided while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydnej . Since the accident I have been in failing healt t, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, 1 was forced to give up my billet at ( lebe Island. ' What were the symptoms ?' Simply iudiscribable. The pains were some thing terrible. Tliey were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over ray bowels or bladdtr, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd. March last. I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, lie gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions. ' Did you make use of the order ?' No, I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, j could not j-et out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. JI was under lmu for five orjsix weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Loco- motor atax n, or Progressive locomotor Jataxy, 1 disease of the spinal cord, characterised by pe culiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. Ho told me that I might last for ten years, and that 1 might never get the uso of my legs. (Just then tho patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at nu idea conveyed by thoadvertisement describing the cure effected in 'he case of anotner boiler-maker in England, which I read in the " Australian Workman, " by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. 1 read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect wns as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with mo. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, und am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. Y'ou see those crutches there? They ' are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, hut I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. Y'ou seo I am rapidly regaining my|trength. He is loo per cent better, said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him. A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. I can now, continued Jarvis, have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have been at any time during tho past five years. 1 ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a now man. On the mantlepieco there is a box of opium and morphia pills whiclt the doctor gave me to deaden excruciating pain, But they can stay where they ere. for 1 110 longer need them, Everybody who knows mo has been amnzed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in ull the chief nowspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. 'They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal dis ease, also tho many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as an.-omia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the hack, nervous headache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. DI'Gowen, leader of the Labor party in tho N.S.W, Assembly, was seen by oar reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that ho had to give up his work at Glefce Island abat toirs twelve months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bed ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He undcrttood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or poBt order 1 box for 2s. 9d. or i dozen for IAb. 9d. 