NOVEL. Whim and a Chance Bx WILLIAM T. NICHOLS. CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) _l?re& Lad corae to the shop, he relate glibly, enough, and together they had hunted through the stock for the article the young man sought. This had taken ten or fifteen minutes, but at last the sprinkler had been wrapped in 'paper ftnd I red had paid for it and departed. You used a heavy cord in tying it np, didn't you ?' I asked. ' \ es : I'd run outer twine.' Did Mr. Cook tell you what he was to do with this purohase ?' 1 Wo ; we talked quite a lot, — we're good friends, cue and Mr. Cook, — but he didn't say nothin' on that point.' 4 Did he say he was going out ox town ?' 4 No ; we just talked miscellaneous ; 'bout the weather more'n anything else,' 4 Nothing about your late neighbour Mr. Barnes ?' 'Not a word. He pnmped me dry on that long ago.' ' He took the bundle away with him ?' ' Yes, started down the street with it.' ' Away from the court ?' 4 Yes, down. Peyton Street towards the car line. What's the trouble? Nothin' crooked, iB there ?' 4 Nothing at all. Thanks for your infor mation.' He mumbled something about being al ways rejoiced to oblige a friend, and followed me to the door, as if he hoped for further light on the reasons for my visit, but I left him rather abruptly, and, turning into the court, hastened to the bouse in which Joshua Barnes had lived and died. The woman who responded to my knock greeted me surlily ; for she was one of the class whose members seem to think that every physician regards a healthy person as a farmer looks upon his pigs,— that is, as a source future profit. 1 dare say that had I attempted such a familiarity as a poke in the ribs she would have set down the friendly attention as precisely of the sort bestowed by the farmer upon his porkers, and would have expected me to remark, 'You'll cut up well some day,' with a blood curdling chuckle thrown in for good measure. But I had no notion of indulging in such pleasantries. Little as she esteemed me or my calling, she ' was on very amiable terms with Fred Cook. If he had Eeen her the evening before, it was almost certain that they had had a chat. 4 What's that ye're afther ?' she demanded, suspiciously, when I had stated my errand. Misther Cook, is't ? What is't I'd be fenowin' of him, thin, and me a widdy ?' 4 He was in this neighborhood last eve ning, Mrs. Regau,' I explained. 'Ithought, he might have stopped to say good-evening to you ; that's all,' 'He didn't come here, thin,' she said, sharply. 4 But if he had, what harm would it have been ?' 4 None at all, none at all, I merely asked for information.' 4 It's none I can give ye.' To emphasize her remak she shut the door with a vicious slam. However, she had said that Pred had not called upon her, thus corroborating the point at issue. As a bit of evidence it was worth the unpleasantness involved in' securing it. When, a quarter of an hour later, I entered my office, it was with the purpose of stowing away the sprinkler where Dorothy could not stumble upon it. In a general way it bad occurred to me that such a precaution could do no harm and might do some good. The maid should be warned to say nothing of the but die left in the vesfible. There was a chance that she might hold her tongue, at least for a day or two, by which time we ought to have a very fair idea of Fred's doings. My benevolent scheme, however, was doomed to be nipped in the bud ; for when I reached the room I saw Dorothy and Mary standing by the desk upon which the opened package lay. There was nothing for it hat to tell them every thing I knew or conjectured. 4 Too bad the boy should have been so careless,' said I, in summing np my re marks. 4 He might at least have telegraphed, even if he forgot to send us' some word by the messenger who brought the sprinkler. Bat we'll hear from him before very long. He will be too anxious to get his valise to play bis joke very much further.' 4 If it is a joke,' said Dorothy, slowly. 4 Isu't it very (unusual for a messenger to leave anything at a house without ringing the bell ?' 4 Perhaps be employed SGme boy who thought his task completed when he dropped his burden at the door,' Mary suggested. 4 You're close to the truth, I suspect, ' said I. Fred left the shop with., his' bargain nnde.r his arm. Suppose tha when he reached the rtreet car line he happened to remember that the nine-fifteen train was more convenient than the eleven-thirty : it really is, yon know. He saw a car coming, which would take him to the railway station. Acting upon impulse, he called a boy who chanced to be near, and hired him to bring tbe sprinkler to this bouse. The boy, for some reason or other, — because he was a boy, probably, — failed to deliver it until this morning, when, to avoid explana tions of his tardiness, ho simply deposited his handle in the vestible and took to his heels. Fred meanwhile, having made the run to the Springs by the earlier train, has mailed us a note, and is proceeding to enjoy himself with a fairly easy conscience. Isn't the explana tion likely to be true ?' My bearers agreed that it was plausible, and I left them inclined rather to be hurt by Fred's apparent discourtesy than to> yieid to a revivalo£ their panic of tbe previous eve ning. Nor did their courage sink daring the day: a belief that she has been slighted wi& do wonders in the way of keeping up woman's nerve. The evening passed without a fresh outbreak of anxiety, and they retired consoled by the expectation of tidings from the missing one in the morning. But the next day's mail brought no news. In vain I hastened to insist that there was no cause of alarm, in vain dilated upon the culpable carelessness of modern youth. Argue as I might, my words had no effect, largely, no doubt, because they lacked the strength of conviction ; for I, loo, was begin ning to think that Fred might have got into some serious scrape. What it might be was beyond my power of imagination. Cook was no brawler, he was not dissipated, he had not been in a dangerous part of the city on the night of his vanishing ; for the Peyton Street district, though poverty-stricken, was far from perilous to those who strayed into it. I sent a telegram to a friend, a person of discretion, who was spending the summer at the Springs. In an hour the answer came : nothing had been heard or seen of Fred Cook at that resort. Then I risked a despatch to the manager of the hotel at the Lake, only to read in his reply the same lack of the in formation so greatly desired. Next I tent a batch of messages, one to each of the places on the list Fred had discussed ; but from each the wires brought' the response I dreaded. Guarded inquiries at the office of his em ployers were met by the statment that he had not informed them where his vacations were to be spent. Another raid upon Washington Court was equally fruitless, Mrs. Regan repeating her declaration of ignorance even more brusquely than before, and the junk man failing to add a detail of interest to the story he had told. At the railway station a misanthropical ticket-seller and a pair of gruff rulers of the gates through which passengers passed to tne crainB defeated me in short order. When they saw bo many hundreds daily, how could they be expected to recollects young man who, so far as they could tell from my description, looked re markably like half the other young men in the conntry? I didn't attempt to argue the point. In stead, I went home tired, discouraged, pained by a suspicion which was forcing itself upon me at every fresh failure, a suspicion which I conld not overcome, and which threatened all my faith in a man whom I had trusted implicitly. Dorothy met me at the door. There was no need to ask her if any tidings had come. 4 Not a thing have I to tell you,' said I, briefly. 'So far as I know, he has dis appeared from the face of the earth.' CHAPTER XII. Afterward, when what had ben mysteries were no longer mysteries, and we conld pick the flaws in the reasoning by which we had failed to explain them, I blamed myself not a little for losing heart so readily and for classing Fred's absence as a disappearance, forty-eight hours after his departure on his errand in Peyton Street. A 'disappearance,' in the common use of the term, means necessarily one of. two thing : the person in question has dropped out of sight either through bodily mishap or mental aberration, which, though an unpleasant matter, may attach no dishonor to his name, or he has fled of his own volition, thereby pleading guilty in advance to any and all charges which may be brought against him, and assuring to himself a good deal more dis grace than he may deserve. There was considerable evidence that (Jook bad not been waylaid nor fallen a victim to the perils of tbe city streets, and there was no strain of insanity in his blood. I could hardly defend myself, subsequently, by a plea that I had not put the most nnoharitable interpretation upon his case. In fact, I attempted no excuses of the sort. A phase of the matter which concerned me far more keenly was the effect my faint-heartedness had upon my womankind. It was my business to main tain their courage at all costs, to preach hopefulness to them to the last. And in this I was remiss, signally remiss, when in a score of hasty words I blurted out enough to convince them that I feared the worst. It was a sad blunder, and for it I paid the penalty ; for thereafter I was doomed to see ray attempts to encourage them wasted utterly, and to feel myself in part respon sible for their sorrow. "We dragged through three more days miserably enough, Dorothy and Mary faring even worse than I, for my practice kept me occupied much of the time, while they had little to do but to wait for tidings which they had come to fear almost as arreatly as they had longed for them. Their ordeal was cruelly hard. It was telling upon them all the more rapidly because of the inroads made upon their strength by the unrelenting heat of a city summer, to which they had insisted upon subjecting themselves. Even Mary, by far the leas delicate of the two, was beginning to look a promising candidate for a physician's attention. Both of them needed change of scene, and that, too, at once. I determined, then, to appeal to Mary to forego her objections and to accompany Dorothy on a visit to the hills; for Fred's inexplicable conduot seemed to have freed me from tbe obligations of the promises I had given to him. It was the third evening since my blunder, the fifth since Fred's vanishing. I had had only another series of failures to report as the net outcome of the day's investigations. A letter to Cook's father, diplomatically phrased, had brought from him the reply that he bad received from his sou no news as to the manner in which the boy was passing his fortnight's leave, and that he was surprised to learn that I was in Bimilar ignorance. Luckily, the old gentleman had not yet caught the alarm. When he should catch it, I looked for trouble. Of course he would hold me responsible iu some degree for his son's disappearance. And a charming tale I would have to tell him. Dorothy, who was suffering from a head ache, had gone to her room, and Mary and I were alone on the verandah. The oppor tunity was not to be wasted. Drawing my chair close to hers, I undertook the task before me. 4 1 gave a pledge before Fred went away,' said I. 'Perhaps, Mary, you should be informed of it, though when I gave it I had no expectation of revealing the secret. Bnt Fred's extraordinary conduct — to call it nothing stronger— put d4.. ine at liberty to speak. I promised bim to do everything in my power to induce you not to carry out your plan of leaving us before his return, and I pledged myself further not to insist in the mean time upon Dorothy going to the country. Now, Mary, I want you to help me, to sacrifice your pride, so to say, and to' tell Dorothy that you will accompany her to some quiet place out of town. Circum stances have changed greatly in the last few days. She i3 none too strong, as you know, and this business of Fred's is wearing her out. She must have a change of air and surroundings, or break dowD completely. There's the case in a nnt-shell.' To sa 7 so much had not been easy. Two persoas meeting daily for weeks, with every condition favoring intimacy, may fail to pass tbe bounds of a somewhat distant friend liness, through their mutual liking may be none the less sincere Very seldom indeed had Mary and I approached the confidential in cur talks. My scepticism iu the matter of her grandfather's hidden wealth had been somewhat of a barrier between us, and latterly her unwillingness to 4 increase her obligations,' as she put it, had intensified tho difficulty of arriving at a satisfactory understanding. Greatly as her reluctance -annoyed me, I could not but acknowledge, upon reflection, that it might he justified from her point of view. Moreover, I had hesitated tax broach the subject to her, lest my interference might result in cutting short her stay, a consummation far from my desire. Even now, when Cook's disappearance had spurred me to active measures, I experienced a good deal of difficulty in preferring my request. The girl did not immediately answer. I could not Bee her face, for we were in a shadowy corner of the porch, but I oonld I conjecture the doubt and perplexity of her thoughts. 4 1 am glad that you have told mo about your promise,' she said, at last, speaking very slowly. ' It is better that I should know of it .' 4 So I think.' 4 Yes, it is very much better,' she went on. 4 Perhaps the best thing for us would be to he utterly frauk wlthi.each other. I need your advice, doctor. Will you not give it before you press me for an answer to the question you have asked ?' 4 As you wish," said I. 4 Just before JB red Cook secured the pro mise from you,' she continued, after a pause, 4 he asked me to, marry him. You must have known tha t So much he told me.' « And my answer ?' 4 1 judged that it was not definite, — at least that it was conditional.' 4 Yes ; it was conditional. He took me by surprise, in spite of — well, in spite ot something that happened once — you saw it. I thought that he liked me, but — but ' 4 Pray go on,' said I, encouragingly. 4 1 tried to be fair and honest and con siderate in what I said,' she continued. 'He had been so good to me. I explained how much my music was to me, how tor years it had been my ambition to beoome a singer, how the instructors in Boston urged me per severe. He listened so kindly, so sympathet ically. And I told him that I liked him ; but the very telling of it so calmly made me doubt whether there was anything more than liking, don't you know? Then he urged me not to leava Trent, and that reminded me how dependant I was. Oh, how sharp was the pang of realization! And then came a longing for some one to cling to- I had never felt it before ; I had thought myself brave and self-reliant, but all in a flash I knew that I wasn't. I seemed helpless ; my courage, was gone. Gladly would I have said the word. he asked me to say, but something restrained me. Even then my ambition reasserted itself. I liked him better than any one else, but was I ready to give up all the old hopes ?. I think he understood me.' 'Perhaps he was too sanguine,' said I. 1 At least, to put it plainly, he appeared to believe that in oase yon gave up your music you would become his wife. Was he wrong V 'Not exactly wrong, and yet ' She hesitated. 4 You spoke of advioe,' said I. 4 Yes, I am coming to that. But first let me finish the story. He insisted that should not leave Trent at present ; but I would not bind myself to stay. I thought that in a day or two I could learn my own mind and decide wisely. Then he went away, nobody knows where, and 4 You've not reached a decision f 4 Not yet : your coansel may help me.' 4 Listen, then,' said I. ' Hero's the only course for you to follow. Go away with Dorothy. We'll find a place not too far from the city, where you can be informed immediately if anything is learned of Fred's whereabouts. In the mean time, don't worry, and don't let Dorothy worry. You've spoken to her of obligations. Now, if you will only consent to leave the city with her, and do your best to cheer her up by being cheerful yonrself, I'll connt every obligation amply repaid and a big balance carried oyer to the other side of the ledger. Won't you promise me this as a very great personal favor ?' 4 Yes,' she said. It was the syllable I was most desirous to hear, even if it was spoken with the utmost reluctance. Once her word was given, she could be relied npon to keep her' agreement. 4 Thank you a thousand times ! I cried. 'Mary, I'll be your debtor forever. Can you start to-morrow ?' 4 To-morrow? Oh, doctor, not to-morow. Gives us two more days.' 4 Why f 4 In two more days it will be a full week since- ' Again she paused. 4 Since Fred dropped out,' said I, to finish her sentence. 4 Two days f Um ! I don't like the idea, bnt — well, will you go at the end of them ?' / 4 Yes, if Dorothy is then ready.' 4 I'll drive her out of the house if she tries to delay,' said I. 4 But with yeu as a com panion she'll be open to reason.' _ There was a long pause after this declara tion, the girl speaking at last, and breaking in upon my reflections, the burden of which was that I had scored a very satisfactory victory. 4 Where do you think Fred is?' said she. 4 Please give me yonr honest opinion. Be as frank with me as I have been with you.' 4 I'm sorry you've asked me,' said I. 4 1 can only conjecture, and my guess won't comfort you. Here's a fellow who leaves a friend's house, expecting to return in half an hour. He doesn't return. All sorts of inquiries lead to no trace of his whereabouts. He has left behind a valise, packed for a trip to some one of several summer resorts, at none of which. is. he to be found. No word reaches his friends, who are able only to satisfy themselves that he has not come to grief in the city.' I doD't imagine for an instant that Fred is trying to play a very poor practical joke upon us. So, altogether, tho unwilling belief is growing within me that he has run away, why or whither I don't know. I haven't a ghost of a suspicion on either point.' 4 1 can't agree with j on,' said she, quickly. 4 It's impossible that Fred Cook should have done anything of tne sort." _ ' Seemingly most improbable, not impos sible,' I insisted. 4 There are queerer cases thanhisin tho list of disappearances. One or t.wo of them occurred right in this oity.' 4 Is there nothing more to bo done ?' she asked. 4 Several things will have to be attempted, if he isu t heard from soon. To begin with his father will have to be notified : he'll be likely to assume charge of the search. Then there are the police. So long as the barest chance remains that Fred may turn up unassisted, I want to keep away from them. No doubt they'd do good work, but pub licity would surely follow an appeal to them. I nave thought of putting the case in the hands of a private detective agenoy, bnt I'm not an admirer of the system. Fred's father, no doubt, will settle such questions. He will make a row because he wasn't called upon the morning after his son left us, and there will be a certain amount of justice on -his side. I realize the false position we'll be in, but I don't see how it can be avoided. So long as we're not absolutely sure that Fred's case is not a genuine disappearance, we can t aflord to risk raising a hue and cry, which, would do him no end of harm in a business , and social way. But the days of grace, we 'can allow him are almost. ruu out.' 4 Please do nothing more until the week is over,' she urged. : v 4 Why the week ? Have you j.a.'.pr emoni - tion that we shall see him agftin, or hear from him within the next forty-eight hours ?' 4 No premonition, doctor ; only a hope.' 4 Well,' said I, reflectively, 4 possibly two days more will make little difference. Let it stand at that. After all, you're entitled to a voice in the matter. 4 Am I ?' she asked, with a nervons little laugh. 4 1 trust so,' said I, earnestly. 4 If by any chance Fred comes back, and if we find him still the good, straightforward fellow he has always seemed, I should very greatly like to think that musio is no longer his successful rival. Haven't those days of waiting made a difference in his favor ?' She rose from her chair and crossed the verandah to the hall door before she answered me. 4 Again I shall he frank with yon,' she said. 4 Have they made a,difforeiice ? I don't know. Sometimes — -/iro -I won't attempt to explain. All say is juBt what I've said : I don't knowV ' ' . iTo BE Oootiitued;;1) :liV 