THE CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL -4----- By RICHARD MARSH. N [ALL RIorITS RESERVED.] BOOK III.-THE WOMAN. (The, story as told' by: Mrs. Carruth.) CHAPTER XXIII-(Continued.) I found lhit' might turn out to be t.e tdop'brick 'of the building while .I was in the .very act of -drinking. Tommy himself might think that I was dead. I might have died. From a mere consideration of the odds point ( of view, I oughlt tot have died. The miracle was that I wasn't dead. Tommy knew nothing about the wo man 'who had been thrown on the top of me. He might think-he was capa ble of thinking anything, but in the present instance it was natural that he I should think-that the. body which b had been found was mine. If he did think so?. But he had seen me the night before. The fact rather supported my theories. than otherwise. He had glared -at me as if I had been a ghost. The sight of me had struck him senseless. According to the cabman, he was drunk. Knowing what he knew, or what he thought, he. knew, he might very well suppose that I was a crea ture born of his delirium. It' appeared to me that my cue, for the present at any rate, was to keep sitting oil the fence. I might still be even with Tommy, and that without having to move a finger of either hand. As for my friend, the gentleman-we should see. Oddly enough, I came across Mr. Reginald Townsend that very after noon. I had been shoppipfg-shopping. was about all there was for me to do; after Strikelhigh City I fonnd life pretty dull West Kensington way, but then I had expected it to, be dull. As I-was strolling homewards, who should I see but Mr. Reginald Tolwnsend. He was a sight for sore eyes-at least, he was: a sight for mine. I like to- see a man that is a man-handsome, well set up, and dressed as only the thoroughbred man knows how to dress. I am not so particular about a man's morals as about his manners, and his manners were all they ought toe be. From his bearing, as he stolod there, in front of me, you would have thought I was the very- person he had wanted to see and had expected to see. I don't believe that he had supposed that I was with in a hundred miles of him. I should not have been surprised to learn that until my actual presence recalled it to him, he had entirely forgotteln my existence. He was the sort of creature one finds amusing. After poor, dear Daniel one liked to feel that one was connected with such a picture of. a man. One liked to feel that he was doing credit to one's good taste as he was walking by one's side. I asked him to come and have a cup of tea.. He was delighted, or he pro fessed to be. When I remembered the occasion on which I had first en countered him it seemed to me that, in his heart of hearts-or whatever it waI that passed for his heart of hearts -he must wish that I was at the bot tom of the sea. He could not like being reminded of Three Bridges Junc tion. But one can never tell. From his manner he might have met me first of all in Queen Victoria's draw ing-room, and none but pleasant memories might have been connected with the meeting. When we got indoors, who should I find in the drawing-room, sitting in solitary state, but Mr. Haines.' The look he gave me! And the look he gave my friend, the gentleman! The old nuisance might have been my hus band. Mr. Townsend appeared oblivious of there being anything peculiar in the old worry's demeanour, and, for tunately, the old worry did not stay long, considerably to my surprise. I was afraid that he would make a point of outstaying Mr. Townsend. But it was all the other way.. After he had tried to --freeze.us for about five minutes he disappeared. "It's very odd," said Mr. Townsend, as soon as he was gone, "but 1've either seen that gentleman before or somebody very like him. There's something in his face which positively haunts me."' - I shook my head; "Your imagination plays -?you a trick; it sometimes is like that.' Mr. Haines'has only been in England,:for the first time in his life, for about a month.- He was my late husband's Dartner. I fancy he is under the ima pression that I'm a little lonely." "That is a complaint which may easily be cured." "The complaint of loneliness?" "You will be able to make as nmany friends as you desire." "It is not so easy for a woman to make friends as you may, perhaps, suppose-that is, of course, friemds who are worth the making. You see, I have ambitions.' "Ambitions?" "Yes, ambitions." He looked as if he would have liked to have asked me what I meant, only he was too civil. "In my position I think I am entitled to have ambitions." He still seemed puzzled. It did me good to look at him, to know that he ,was sitting there, to breathe in, as it were, the aroma of his refinement and his high breeding. I have always hungered for those two things in a man, and I have never had them. I could understand a woman's falling in love with my friend, the gentleman. For the first time in my life the idea of a woman being in love with a man became conceivable. All too soon-for me-he rose to go. "You will come again?" "I shall only be too happy." "Seriously, I mean it, Mr. Town send." "And equally seriously I mean it too. Our acquaintance was made in an in formal fashion, but I trust that, in course of timB,:I. may be able .to in duce you to al1dW: the informality to stand excused." ; ;: "It will be your fault if, you do not." When he went, an appreciable some thing seemed to have departed with him, although his voice, his pre sence, seemed still to, linger in the air. I found myself touching the cup from. which he had been drinking, even the chair on which he had been sitting, with quite a curious sensation. It was veiy odd. (To -be continued in our next.) 