There are no people who are quite s0 vulgar as the over-reflned ones. -Pudd'nhead Wilson's New Calendar. .-- JWB Hailed froin Calcutta toward thu «nd ol jVtaruh atoppcd a day nt M.HII-.IS ; two 01 thran tiny» in. Ceylon ; liten sniled westward ... on a long ,Higlit for- Main ¡tins. ; From tnv diary: Apiti. 7tli.-We are far' ahmad on tin Hiunoth. waters: of .the Indian Ocean now ; ii ¿y. -..in slimly and"pleasant, and -peaceful under the T- ?!! '.'vast spread nf'the. awnings, aral life is per- fect again-ideal.-vi- -. .., ... Thu cliffHi-entó» hptwi-en a-viver and t.lii'. »en : is. tlnit tin' river loóles Huid, r.lie sea solid V usually looks ns if yo-i could step ont und . walk on it. . The captain has this peculiarity-he cannot tell the truth in aplantille way. [ii this . lu* is t'.e vni'v opposite of tho uiis'm-e Scot who sits midway of the table; HE cannot tell a lie in mi-.UJf-plaiibilde w«y. When the . captain finished a statement the passengers . glmice at finch other privately, HS who should ?ay, ' Do yon helieve that?'. When-the Soot-tinishea one, the look say H, ' How strange and interesting J' The whole aeuiHi, ih.in th« manner und .method of inp \- two men. ' ?.?'.- The 'captain is. n little shy and drHidimt. and he states the simplest fact ns if he werna "? little afraid of it, while the Scot del ivers \- himself of the mont abandoned lie with such an air of stern veracity that ono is forced to Vielieve. H. although ono knows it isn't so. l'or instance, the Scot told shout »? pot flying-fish he once owned, that lived in a little fountain in his conservator", and sup- i , ' ported itself liv entnimm hirds and fio;;» and I rats in the :neigti!ioriii';l Melds. lt wus plain I that no one nt lite tu I -li; don Wi cd this stat«- I niant.. .. - 'Jiy. and-hy, in tim coU'S,- of some talk : J- about ctiKtoni-li-'UKi! niitiuyunceM, the captain . - brought out tho following simple, everyday incident, but tinougli. lim lulinmty nf style, ? Managed to tell it in such a way tlnit it got \- no credence. Ile Hiiiil : ' T went ashore at Naples on« voyage when \- , I was in'llmt traill1, and mood mound help. ? ing my passengers,?fur I could speak II little Italian. Two or . ihren ? liuii'K, m, intervals, the officer naked me.tfc i.-lia<l anything.doti :-. able about.nie, and seemed inure nn<! move put'out ami. iÜK.'ip|ioiuti!il every tune 1 iol<l him no.. tinnily it.? pafiaenger whom I tutti ~" ? ' helped through .naked "mo lo comn-out and ? ' take something. 1 thniikcd him, hut excitaed myself, saying ? I hail taken a whisky just fore I dime lisbon*. ' Ifr wus II fatal admission. The ollicer at once, made nie. pay sixpence, import duty on the whisky-j ant from ship to shore, you vee; and hu lilied inn live pounds for not declaring t!ie gooda, another (ive-pounds for falsely denying thal 1 had anything dutiable ? ??' about me,.»Uo five pounds for concealing the I goods, und fifty pounds for smuggling, which t is tho maximum penally for unlawfully hring J- ing in goods under the value of .sevenpence &? ha'penny. Altogether, sixty-five pounds six penco, for a little thing ince mm i The Scot is always believed, yet he never , tells ¡my I hiiií» hut.hes; whereas the- On ptain is never believed, although he never tells ti ; lie-so far a« 1 cnn judge. If . hu should say \- his uncle was u male person, he would prob ably Kay it in such a wuy that nobody would i believe it; nt the same time the Scot could "> claim that ho had a female uncle timi notstii a doubt iiv anybody's mind. My own luck 5- . lias been curious all my literery life : I never cjuld tell a" lie that, anybody would doubt, nora truth that anybody would believe. B. Lots of pets on board-hircin und things. W In tlie.se far countiiea tho white-people do \- run remarkably, to pets.j Our host in Oawn Pjja? pore had a tine collection of birds-the (¡nest mVvve saw in a private house in India. And in QraQdlnuihn, Dr. Murray's-great compound and Jfcifciriinodioos bungalow were well populated ; with diiiiMiaticatéd company from the woods : frisky little squirrel* ; a Ceylon mina walk -, ing sociably about the house; u small green ,2* parrot, that' whistled a single' urgent note of .-' call without motion of its'beak, also chuckled ; a monkey in a. cage on the buck, verandah, mid nome more out!in the'trees,:- also a num ber ot" . beautiful, macaws .ju tho treen ; und Tarions aiíd sundry* bil (IR and - animals of breeds not kiio.w,tí. to-ine; ¡.-. But no cat.. Yet í- a cst would, httvevliked .that pince. April 9th.-Tea-planting is the great busi- ness in Ceylon ; now. - A, passenger 8nys it i¡; often pnys torty per cent, on the investment. fr- Says there is a boom. - - ÍRr~ -. April lOih.-The. sea is a Mediterranean bin«, und I. belipvo llint that is about the a'> ¿¡finest color known to nnture. - Jtl is /jtnuigti- and . . fine-nature's «lavish \>v ^en«rosití|¿a to hér/cieaturcs.- At least to all *>... uftljnm except 111:111.-. -Fnivthose that Hy she . v hu píov idell a home that is nobly spacious . ghoine which is forty .miles deep und envel- ope* the whole globe, und has nol an obstrue ? tinbin it. For those : that swim she lins ' pwyided a niorq than, imperial domain which jg »liles deep and covers th reo-fi fi hs of the globe. But as f-u- Mian, aho lins cut him off \- #i«»?the mero odda und ends ot crçuMoii. She ""^'jias ¡iveiif him. tho timi skin, tim meiirmr ukin , .win.:1! :is-Htretoliftl over the remaining two fift-K-the.nuked bonus- Nticlc up through it iu mont (linoel, On thu one-half of tin's dmnain'ha can ?mine KUOW, ici», Hund, rooks, ami-'nothing- else.SO the vnlmilile part of v - hi- inheritance really consists of hut a single fifth of the family estate; and out of it ho has to grui) hard .to get enough to keep him alive und próvido'kings and soldiers and powder to extend the .blesaings of civilization with. Yet a man, in his simplicity and complacency -and inability to cipher, thinks nature regards . him as the important member of the family ?:?'.?? in fact,'her favorite. Surely it must occur ?V'";.-to f«vojiv his dull - head, sometimes, that abe ".'"^^ lji[a-ij-wiriou,-i>Vuy. of showing it. '.-y '' - '-^ït*'raôon;--rTne captain has; boen,telling -*'"'^-ffifo« ¿ot -his Arotia voyagea it was so I ¿fSWP^mfiCir-*- " ? ?"? ?_" tôt ri Ulai ilii) miti'6 Àb&fo;* train mt iiï this deck arid had to fee ripped, lodae by main strength; And even thru he got only about two-thirds nf- it-back. Nuho ly said any- thing, und the captain went away. 1 think lie ia becoming disheartened. ...... . Also, to be fuir, there is another word of praise due to this ship's library; it contains no copy of the " Vicar of Wakefield,' tlmt strange mun.igerio of com- placent, hy pueriles and idiots, ul! theatrical cheap-juhn heroes and huroill>'S who ure ul wayd showing oil*, nf Imd people who ure not interesting mid good people who ure fatigu- ing. A -singular book ! Not u xiucoro line in it, and nut a character th it invites respect ;, a book which is one long wasto-iiiiie discharge of goudy-goody puerilities and druuiy month- lies ; ti book which ia full ot' pathos w li ¡eli revolts and humor which giioves ide heart. There ure few things in IReruiuro that are more, piteon*, more- pathetic, than thc cele hi'uted ' humorous ' incident of Moses und the spectacles. Jane Austin's hooks, too, are a lisent fruin this library. Just that otiu < omission alone would make a fairly good \ library out of a library that hadn't a book in it. . Customs in tropic sous : At-five .in the morning they pipe to wash ' down the docks, and at once the ladies who ure sleeping there turn out, and they and there boils go below. Then one after another the men cume up from thu bath iii their. pajamas, and walk t ' ... . lie deoks un hour or two . with hum legs uti tl bu re foot. COQHB and fruit served. The ship cut und her kitten now appear and get about their toilets ; next the ' barber comes und flays ns on tho breezy duck. Breakfast ut 9.30, und th» day begins. I do not know Low a day could be more reposeful ; no mo- tion ; ii lovel bino s.)n ; nothing in sights from horizon to hoiiz >u ; the spued of the ship furnishes a cooling breeza ; there is no mail to reid and answer j. no newspapers to excite you j no telegrunB to fret you or fright you-tho world is far, far .away ; it hus ceased to exist for you-sneiuud ii fading dream, along in the li rs t days ; has dissolved to uti unreality n.>w ; it is gono from your ininti with nil-ita businesses and ambitions, its prosperities and disasters, its exultations and despairs, its joys and griefs and cares and worripa.. They ace no COIICHI'II of yours any. mora ; 'they are gone ont'of your lifo ; they, ure a storm wliioh has passed and loft a deep calm behind. The people group themselves about the decka in-their ' snowy white linen, iihd road, smoke, sew, play cards, talk, .nap, and so on. Ju other;, ships thc passengers are always ciphering about when they ure going to arrive ;i"out in , these sens' it is rare, very rn re, to hear that subject broached. ' In other ships there is always an eager rush to tho. bulletin board nt noon to find out what the ' run ' hus been ; in these seas the bulletin seems to attráot no interest; I have aeon «o one viait it j in tl^it taen days ..iimli^'1 ."".,.' :>;. 1 ; 1 ' ' .. Í harts f lalteiilt tftt!fV "öß-Jöi fhëti i hap poned td notice tim heures di tile daj'a ruo. On that day there- happened to be talk, at dinuer, about the speed ot! modern ships. I was the . only passenger present who knew this ship's gait. Necessarily the Atlantic custom of betting on tho ahipa's run is not a custom here-nobody ever mentions ir. I myself um wholly indifferent us to when weare going to «gut in;' if any one. else feels interested in the matter he has not in- dicated it in my hearing. If.I had tny way we should never get in at all. Thia sort of sea life is charged willi an indestructible charin. There is no weariness, . iio fatigue, nu worry, no responsibility, rio work, no depression of spirits. There, is nothing like this serenity,, this com- fort, this peace, tins deep contentment, to be found any where on land. Jf I liad my way I would sail on forever and nuver go to live' on the solid ground a,'ain. One'of Kipling'« balluds has delivered tho aspect and sentiment pf this bewitching Bea correctly : ?:?< v. ; .'Tho Iujiim 'Joulni H*ta nu' smiles \ . So sui", no bright.. «?> bliiomiVi"blud.;-t£!«>s , -Thero aren't « w ive for miles nu' milo«. . Exeèp' tho jiggle from tho mirew." i ,/ April 14th.-r-It turns out that tho iiBtro inimical apprentice, worded 'off a. suction of thu .Milky Way on um for thu iVIagolhiu Oiomls. A m m nf in or« experience in the , business sho»vnJ one of timm to mo last night, rt was small an 1 faint .md doliente, and lookml like the ghost of n bunch of white smoke loft-.flinting in tho sky byaii ex-' plodul bombshell. . - Wednesday, April 15th. Mauritius.-Ar- rived and anchored oil' P.jrc. Louis 2 a.mV Rugged clusters ni cngs a id poiks, greon.to their summits ; from their bases .to tho sou. a groen 'plain with jmt tilt enough to it to mike til«, water il ra", u oil'." [ believe it is in 56 H5 ail ,22 >S;-a hot, tropical cou itry. Thu grenu phii-î h is nu inviting liiok ; li is .so- ittiiring dwellings niMtlnig iiino:ig the gi'ocnnry. Sam'), of thu s .'ii'.iineuttl adven- ture of Paul and Virginia. Island "under French control-which means a oommiinity which depends upon? quarantines for its health, not upon sani? billion. Thursday, April 1G bli.-Wont ashore in tim forenoon at Port Louis-a Milli) town, Imt with tim largest vurioly of iiutionnli tios anil complexions? iv». Imvo encountered yet: French, .English, Oliiuusn, A rabi, Africans with wool, blacks with straight hail', liant indians, half-whites, qundroons - and great vai iulies in <: lstuiuns and colour. Took tho train for Omopipii al 1,30-two hours' run, gradually up hill. WI) it a con- trant, this frantic luxuriance of vegetation, with the' arid plains of India ;. the^arohi- . 'teatnrally ' picturesque crugs^i''; ' " miniature mont1 ~VJJ¿*,F . ' tlie íná^^J j ^ rrP ,| & tlÁÚH t&lhied; otH a feáadaOtütfSrt'Kthj' txiííti of gravo and dignified bearing), and said in Rn awed toue, " Tu ¡it ia so-and-so ; has held office of-one sort; or another under this government for thirty-seven ye<irs--he is know:-, all. over thia whole Island-and in the other couiitties of'the world perhaps who kuowa? One thing is certain.; you can speak ; his naine anywhere in this whole island, und you will lind not ono gmwn person that luis not heard it. It is a won- derful thing to he so celebrated ; yet look at him ; it makes uo change in him ; he does not even seem to know it." Ourepipè (means Pincushion, or Pegtown, piobably).-"Sixteen miles (two hours) by rail from Port Louis. At euch end bf every roof aud on the appex of every dormer win- dow a wooden peg two foot high stands up ; in some cases its top is blunt, in other the" peg is sharp and looks like a toothpect. The passion for this humble ornament is uuiver sal. ' Apparently there has been only one promi- nent uveut in the history of Mauritius, and ii thatj~one ".didn't happen.' 1 refer to tho ro /Waiitic' sojourn of Paul anil Virginia hera. ' ^lt was^that story';tliat,made Mauritius known ? to the' world, made'the utunfi fuiuilhlr to. everybody, the geographical position of it to nobody. ' À clergyman was asked to guess what was in a box on a table, lt was a vellum fan painted with the shipwreck, and was "one of Virginia's wedding gifts." ?April 18th.-This is the only country in the word where tho stranger is not- asked 11 How do yott like this pincel" This is in- deed a lui'ge distinction. Here tho citizen does the talking about the country himself j tho stranger is not asked to help. You get 'allsorts of information. From one citizen you gath or the iden that Mauritius was made liest, und then heaven ; mid that Heaven was copied ufutr Mauritius. Another ono' tells you that this an exaggeration ; that tho two chief villages, Port Louis and Curopipn, full short of Heavenly perfutition ; that nobody lives in Port Louis except upon compulsion, and that Ourepipe is the "wettest and rainiest placed in -the, world. . ' An English citizen said : ? '* In the early purt of this century Mauri- tius WHS used by th« l¡\cnch as a basts from which to 0|)Qi'iilo nyaiiiHt, Engin nil's Indian inci-oliiilitmeu ; sn Entbind captured thc ? Island mid ulso. thu neighbour, Bourdon, to stop that.winny men. Enclin I give Hjur- i lion hack ; thu government in Loudon did j not wiint ony more 'possessions in fhn Wost I Indies. rf ihn Government, had lind II hptior quality of. geography in stride it would not .huvo wasted Holli hon in that, foolish way. jjQy big win-.; will, - tom puru ri ly ? shut :-up th" ..'{.(Janal suma day, und tho ICugliali ships/ Jhnvrt to go to ludia around tho dupe o'/ xXv, . - .... / ©dod" Mops-ngaía'j thétt töngiaödHÛ feafs to have Sourbón and .viii tuée lt; Mauritius was à Crtíwíi colony Unil 20 years ttgoi with a governor appointed by the Grown aud assisted hy a council appointed by himself: but Pope Hennessey came out as governor then, and he worked hard to get a part of the Council made elective, and suc- ceeded. So now the whole Council is French, and in all ordinary matters of legislation they vote together and in the French interest, not the English. Thu English population is very slender; it has not votes enough to elect a legislator. Half a dozen rich French families'elect the legislature. Pope Hennessey was an Irishman, a Catholic, a Home Ruler, M.P., a hater of England and the English, a very troublesome person andu serious cucum berance at . Westminster. So it was decided to send him , out : to ^.govern . unhealthy countries, in the':liopà-that.something would huppen - to: him.v: '"- Bu t ^.nothing did. The first experiment"wu- sinot-.-'raerely a failure, it wns moro that a failure, " lie proyod to be more of a disease himself'than, ho wus sent to encounter. The next experiment was hore. The (lurk scheme failed again. It was an off'season, and there wus nothing but measles Here at ths tiins. Popa ITenno.ssey's heal til was not uifectcd. flo worked with the Fronoh and for thc French und against tile English, and he m ule the Euglisji very tired and thc French vory happy, and lived to have the joy 'of seeing tlie ll ig lie served publicy hissed, ? His memory is-hold in .wor- shipful, rovni'unco mid nflbction by tho Crouch. " It is u land of extraordinary quarantines. L'hey qmiruntino u ship for anything or for nothing ;. quarantine lier for t won ty or even thirty days. They ouco quarantined a ship because hor captain had had tho.smallpox when ho was a boy. That and because ho . was English. "Tho population is very small ; sniull to insignificance, The nuijoiity is Eust Indi un; then mongrels, ; then negroes (deseen di uta of. tho slaves of tho French times) ; then French, thou English. Thorn was nu American, hut he is dent) or mislaid. Tho mongrels uro the result of all kinds of mixtures ; black and white, mu Hat to and whitey quadroon and white, octoroon and white. And so there.is every shade of com- plexion ; ebony, old mahogany, horse-chest- nut, sorrel, niolassj'H-oundy, clouded amber, de.ir H inlier, old-ivory white, new ivory white, lish-belly white-this latter tho leprous com- plexion frequent with tho Anglo-Saxon long "resident in tropical ali nm tes. ; ' You wouldn't.expect n porson tobo proud nf being a Mauritian, 'how, would yon ? Bub H is HO. Tho moat of thom have never boen íSút; of tho island, and haven't rend much or ¡Htiidied. much ; they think tho world consists ,-!of thre.o principal countrios-Judea, France, Inud Mauritius ; so they are very . protuRE; belonging to one o£ tho throe gi and divisions fit the globs; .£hwthjnk tbßt ÈiièM «Sd Germany are m Englarid,'Sh'd that Jlhglana does not amount to much. They haye heard vaguely abolit the United States and the equator, but they think both of them are monarchies., They think Mount Peter Botte is the highest mountain in the .'world; and if you show one of them a picture of Milan Cathedral, he.will swell up with satisfaction ; and say that the idea of that jungle of spires was stolen from the forest of peg tops and " toothpicks that mnkes the . roofs of Curepipe ' look so fine and prickly. - ; ^ - . .. 'There is not much trade in books. The newspapers educate and entertain the people/ : Mainly the latter. They; have two. pages of: large-print reading mutter-one of them English, tho other French. The English ' I puge is a translation of the French one. The typography is super-extru- primitive ; in this . I quality it bas not its equal anywhere. There is no proof-ioader now ; 'he is dead. . . . . , .Where do they get mutter to fil! up a . pago in this little island lost in the wastes of .? . the Indian Ocean? Oh, Madagascar.:- They, discuss Madagascar and France. That is the bulk. Then' they chook up tho rest with advice to the government. .. .Also, slurs upon tho English administration. /The papers are ? . all owned and>oclited'hyperboles-French. " r' ? -J - ' -' Tho langungo of tho' country is French. Everybody, speaks it-has to. Youjiuve to - know French-particularly mongrel French,: - ; the patois spoken by Tom, Dick, and Harry - of tho multiform complexions-or you:can't ^ get along. _ v , 'This was a flourishing country in former days, for it mudo then and still makes the best sugar in the world ; hut first the Suez. Canal severed it from the world and loft it out in the cold, and next the beet root Bugar, helped by bounties, captured tho European markets. Sugar is tho life of Mauritius, aud- it is losing its grip. Its downward course was checked by tho depreciation of the rupee -for thu planter pays wages in rupees, but " " *' sells bis crop for «old -nnd the insurrection in Cuba and parulyzation of tho sugar industry ? ? there have given our prices hore a life-saving lift; bnt tho outlook, has nothing perman ently favorable nbout it. It takes u year to '" - mature the eunes-on the high ground, three. - and six months longer-and there is always a ' chance (hut tho annual cyclone will rip tho profit ont of tho crop. In recent times a cyclone took the whole crop, as you may say; * ? and thu island never saw a finer one. Some t of the-'nohlest sugar estates in tho island aro . - in deep ditiicul ties. A'dozen of them are in vestments of English capital ; and tho com- panies that own them are at work now trying to settle up and get out with a saving of ..ir-r-r* half the money they put in. You know, in v these days, whon a country begins to intro- duce tho tea culture,.it ineuiiB that, its own speciality hus gone back on it. Look at . - . . ' Bengal ; look at Ceylon. Well, they've be gun to iutioiluce the ten culturo HERB. -. ' Many copius of ' Paul and Virginia ' aro V -'.<'.> sold every year in Mauritius. No other ' book is so popular hero oxcept the Bible. By many it is supposed to bo a part of tho Bible. All the missionaries work, up their French on it when they como hero-to pervert tho Catholic mongrel. It is tho greatest story ^.v. that was-ever written about Mauritius, and .-<>'-% the only one.' . ',-. ? ? 