? Concerning the recent meteors, the \- Govemineht T astronbmer says that next year there will be a still better display; and on the followingyearwe may hope to witness quite a bombardment, the effect of wliich will, however, be somewhat spoiled by the brilliancy of an almost full moon. Whether due to natural causes or depressed timefe, an extensive business is being done in the property market in Coolgardie (writes the ' Miner') Numerous sales and other deals are being effected in laud and tenements of all descriptions by agents, who are conducting growing businesses. Samples of King O'Malley's wild west oratory :—'A man who leaves his whole property to some Church usually does it as a fire insu.-pnce on his degraded soul and, ' I ask the House not to act like midnight, skulking, famished, Texas prairie dogs, barking at the imaginary ghosts of their departed ancestors.' r A somewhat novel claim is being worked near Cue (says Hie local pa pel 1 ). A man is now engaged'gathering up the dust on one of the roads over which large quantities of ore are carried to the battery. The attrition of the stone while on its journey in the bulluck waggons causes a certain amount of ore to be deposited on the track. , The enterprising gold-seeker scrapes the loose dust in the road together, and by the* dry-blowing process obtains a sufficient return to recompense him for his exertion. A remarkable wedding took place recently in Berkshire. The bridegroom was 85 and his bride two years younger. Six maiden ladies, each over ,70, acted as bridesmaids ; six grand daughters of the bridegroom strewed flowers in the path of the happy, couple and four grandsons of thebridesanga nuptial song composed expressly for the occasion by the parish clerk. '.<•« r• . • The contractors have nqt as yet arranged any time-table for trains between Kalgoorlie and Broad Arrow (writes the ''Standard"). There is already a considerable passenger'traffic, fares being low ind the time occupied on the journey a good detjl under two hours, instead of the four and a halt hours that the coach takes. It is expected. that.the rails will reach Bardoc on Wednesday next. The first intention was to make Broad Arrow a stoping place for a couple of months or so while the rails were laid on the line from Kalgoorlie to Kanowna. That has, however, been abandoned, and all efforts are being made to push on to Menzies. Mr Timms, one of the con- tractors, will, be in Broad Arrow next week to arrange a time table and transact other necessary business. Mr Lambert, of Windanya, has been appointed stationmaster for the contractors. There was a decidedly lively time at the Espeiance municipal election. Ii was expected that a number of proxy voters had sent proxies; to both candidates for mayor. Return ing-officer Hosie got jammed against the door in the rush as supporters of each candidate forced their way in. Mr. Hosie threatened to call the police if they did not retire. Violence was used, and after several minutes the Town Clerk was compelled to open the door from within to relieve .Mr. Hosie. SeveraJ fell on the floor when the door was opened. The returning officer cleared tlV room and closed the booth, but on opening again greater violence followed. A canvasser was caught by the throat ail jl held against the wall. Another had his clothes torn and was partly disrobed. The police eventually interfered, and partly restored order. The elections resulted as follows :—Mayor, Ml-. Burton; 200 votes ; Mr. McCarthy. llV. For two councillors—Mr. Cabbie, 91; W . Fienberg, 88 ; Mr. Tippett, ,76 ; I4r. Peek. 66. nbw regylationj numbered l^a^uiij^V the Goldfields Act,to eoiuo-into force on the26thinst. ,The regulation! states that the holder of any alluvial claim or share may at "any time register tbesame, upon application to the warden or registrar, who shall. thereupon deliver a certificate to the applicant, who shall cause it to be posted on some conspicuous portion of 1 he claim, and also « copy thereof at the warden's office, for a period of six clear working days. It no objection is lodged within that period the applicant shall, on paymenf of 10s, be entitled to be registered for the clai»» and to receive a certificate of registration. Non-registration of any alluvial claim will not be deemed a breach of the regulations, During the hearing of an injunction case. Carroll v. Thomson, on Tuesday at Kanowna* the defendant stated ' that the plaintiff and several others were only dummying and shepherding several claims. He also stated that a large number of claims had been pegged off on the Lead, but no work whatever had been done on them. Should'it happen, however, that any one attempted to peg, this ground, Thomson said a man would come and inform this intending " pegger-out " that he himself had *• pegged the claim that .moaning." Thomson urged the Warden either to go and see for himself or obtain the services of an inspector, when it would be found that a tremendous amount of dummying' was being done. The Warden thanked Thomson for the information tendered, and stated that if any ca es of dunimyingi came under his notice he would deal as severely with them as the law would allow.—" Democrat." A man named -John Naughton, who was convicted of the use of bad language and of having resisted the police at Menzies, received a rather severe spntence on Monday from Warden Owen, who sat as resident magistrate The police evidence was strong against the accused; and the warden,-itH appears, would not allow it to be assailed by giving the prisoner permission to call a witness. He promptly sentenced the accused to two -months'imprisonment on the first charge, and to six months' on the second. Inquiry elicited the fact that the acvuse I had nerved three months previously for violent conduct, but the police did not explain that the prosecutor on the occasion was Constable Edge, who is now undergoing a term of penal servitude Public feeling has been strongly moved by the heavy punishment awarded to Naughton, and some of his fellow-workmen took a petition around last .evening, requesting the mayor to convene a public meeting to consider the advisability of appealing for a commutation of the; sentence, Mr. Howarth yielded to the request, and the meeting will be held on Wednesday evening, the 24th inst. For some days Mr. T. A. Rickajd, representing the Venture Corporation, has been engaged in an examination of the Queensland Menzies mines on behalf of his principals, who have made a conditional offer for the property. It is understood that Mr. Rickard will conclude his examination to-day (Tuesday). when he and his assistant, Mr. Predham, will leave for Coolgardie with samples from all parts of the mine. When these samples have,been tested Mr. Rickard will report to tbe Venture Corporation ; and on the report, doubtless, the Corporation' will act in completing or declining the'deal they have initiated. Mr. Rickard, who was the State geologist of Colorado (where is located the famous Cripple Creek) carries a very high reputation in the mining world, though still a young man. He has been in Australia years ago, and then made a careful study of the Bendigo Saddle reefs. Mr. Bickard was for years, a contributor to the great mining authority of the world— the Hew . York " Engineering and Mining Journal," and if he is ableto say a good word for the Menzies district, it will have a far-reaching influence. 