Tin: Prcmier'e Rtatemeat in tho ABsem- ! b\y UbC, nipbt bhowa tbat MiniBtera, at I Hoy rate, have b deaire to transact bb I raui.-h of tbe public babineBS aa appears to bj absolutely accessary :□ the iuter eats of the colony before tbe ChrhtmBtj j adjournment takea place. And they ' will eaccccd in doiup it if the recon structed Opposition does not keep up i ite fuulade cf obeLruction, The tim- 1 iB aimittrdly short. Tbe whole of tbe . aessioa up to dute been practicallr ' wasted, The record of work done by the legislature is mieerably email and poor. Nothing but a loyal recognition of tbe BltnatioD, and aa abandonment by the Opposition of obstructive tactics for party parpoEea, will enable the mea ed res outlined by the Premier to be dealt with b:fore the IIoubb ri£M. Ualeaa the whole machinery of government is to bo diplocated, the catimateB and the Appropriation Bill must be passed. And as tbe colony cannot afford to Iogo the revenue derivable from the divi dend tax, the bill ntccFaary to cnuble it to be csllceted muEt became law. The publia works propo?alB mast qIeo be dealt nith, if pro^reae if cot to be . checked entirely. Of the matterB men- | tioncd by the Premier, thue three are | of primary importance, and it will be 1 a enriocB poahion that tbe colony will , find iteslf iB if Parliament fails to do ? its duty in regard to them. It iB ! eingnlarly unfortunate for Tasmania ! that itB public Hffaire ebauld have been 1 upjet bo much thia year by oatBide oveatB. The whole of 1897 baB been & period of unrest, We bava had an ordinary general election for the colony, & federal election, three short and frnitlcBB seBaionB of our own Par liament, and two BeBBione of the Federal Convention, in addition to Lho diamand fahilF- Hnfil fh« waa«nt . BCBaion began there was no opportu nity for real work in the TaBmanian , BborLnew of tbe time avaiJable to , tranwot tha oine montbB' acuamala- ; tionB of public baBineBB, tbe politicians who plscs party and pfrnonal ooa BiderationB above everything else huvii been and are still as industriously occupied in frittering away tbe pre cioas moment* left as if the legia Uture were face to fucc with on ordinary yeur'a work, and had an exceptionally long eeBEion at its disposal Lo do it in, If those members s bo have taken lipon them selves tbe responsibility of blocking aii prnprcBa by raising railway and other ghosts imagine that the people arc too blmple Lo understand What they Bre doinp, they are laboring under a dela p.ian. Thty are deoeiviDg nobody but tbemselveB. The new Oppa&ilion; policy iB unmistakably intended to secure a barren scseion, and throw tile dlfcredit i of whatever diniculties the Valony may I fall into in aonsequenca on to Minis- 1 terB. Unable to attack Ministers in a ' EtraigbLforward manner, contemptible gubterfoge was feBoMed to, Bnd, el though prirattlj condemned bj tome of the lendem al the old OppDEilion, it vtob pcrsiBtcntly indulged in until it eventually brooght about not the defeat of the Government, bat the complelc dUruption iT the discredited combination that took np finch disrepatable wcaponB. By follow ? igr the example of their predeccaBors, the members of the ne\V Oppofeition, hoionfjfit whom arc hcj many ol tbe old faction as to perbspf make re term io Ta&maiion; political warfare i -»?;*- eib V, are at, the o^'.acL cf their career placing LnemBelveH before the public in an unfavorable L'ght and doing tbe country potilivc harm. The colony's public buaineea cannot be ruthlessly tufipended in tbe way it it now being bang op withant damage being done. It is quite certain tbat if tbe Minis terial proposals for proceeding with railway construction cautiously, baged a« thty are mainly on th? expert advice of the General Matiaeer of Railwayp, j are not to be trusted^' nothing in the j Why of a railway policy trotted oat by 1 the Opposition' on tbe strength uf notions bold by Mr Mi!ea, the ex- I Attcrney- Gmeml, Mr Cameron, and I other amateurs in railway matters, is ! Opposition is committing itself to rail- j way propobitionB that will probably I place it in an embarrassing situation not long hence. If there were Bny probability of effect being piven to tbem, instead of the colony's Si per' cent, stock etanding higher than' tbat of New S:ath Wales and New Zealand, aud being but a half per cent, balow the highest Australian Government Beonri ties of tbat rate in tbe London market, it would quickly drop bslow that of WtBt Australia, which is the lowest of all. As far aB can be gathered the. Opposition ngreea with tbe meeting at Devonport on Monday, which solemnly pasfed a reBo'ntion call ing on the Government to proceed Bt once with railway conetraction, and rejected an amendment requiring the absolutely egBential sarveyR ta be raide and details cf the cost end probable revenue obuined before involving tbe colony in the neoesBary expenditure, The Premier waB not exaggerating when he pointed ont tbe cocEPqnences of trie Assembly continuing itB present ridiculous performances. Tbe old Op p'j?ition procedure made government uy Parliament contemptible, and tbe responsibility of reducing the proceed ings of the Assembly to a farce reats upon tbe shoulders of Mr A. I. Olark atid his new-found political associates. A bill to ' Further amend the Laun ceston Corporation Act, 1894,' U invaitiflp second reading in the House of AfBembly. One of the firdt of the amending clauses provides for the ac complishment of a reform affeating the meat Bupply of the city, considered by the authorities to be very desirable. Briefly it ia to prevent any animals in tended for human consumption being brought into tbe city deed, except pigs. At preEent the bulk of the mebt contumpd in Launceston is slaughtered at the bhattoirB, where it ia dirrctly under the control and inapiction of the autnoriti:e before it is allowed to be sold. Far the municipal year just ended 35,150 aheep and lambs and 'Siv'.i head of cattlo were slaughtered at toe cbittoire. I3ut in addition to this a record kept of the carcaste broug lit iuto tLe city nhowB tbat SGO Hiicep a: d Idmba and 16 cattle arrived already killed. Q'j u prepvsed amend mont, it will b^ seen, cannot do harm to Qnjbody, while it aims to b'.cck tbe one loophole by wLich meat unfit for human fuod might be smuggled into consumption. The citizens will natur ally welcjuie a proposal made in the iutercHtf? of the publia health, and lQAbmuch ab tbe cost to producers of getting their meat into the market for esile will he Uba by thia procedure than if it were brought in already slaughtered, atid therefore subject to eppciai fees for inspection, they mny be' reasonably expected to che'erfully enpp.Tt a reform that will put a'l supplicra on au equal footing. It is suggested that calves might be tsftly addrd to the clauEe exempting pigs from the op2ration of thia provision. Experience hriR shown that calveB are better for food if elaughtered without b;ir.g driven or carried long distances, and, ae in the case of pork, the chances of difleiund vpmI pissing into consumption Breccmparativily email. With this addi tion, the proposed amendment is recom mended to Parliament aR a useful Bnd dehirab'.e revision cf tbe conditions under which the ci'.izint cf Launccston obtain their meat nappliea. The bill di?uij wiih a variety Lf otb&r; matters, It proposes to cc.nfer upon the City Council all- the p::wera posseEsed by trustee Jindsr the Cemsteries Act of i 18C5. 1 uifl in presumably in Btiticipa- I tion cf thn Carr Villa cemetery being shortly opened bb a public burvicg grouiiil, under the management of'tho (Jcui.cil. Other clauses BUthoriEe the I Couucil to grant any retiring muni- I o i p 3 1 oflicer, or tho widow and chil- | dri'n of any deceased corporation oflic?r, a gratuity, not to exceed a year's salary ; and to gtant compenBa lion to any employee injured in the service of tbe Corporation; the amounLs in each case to be payab'e in one Bum or in periodic amonntB. Another clause ifi framed to enable the Council to 6pecd np to i!.rjO a year ' for the purpose of ;eujf;ncrdting or fifl'intiog to mnintain tiny band uf mneiciann who aball prcvide mucic in wny hall ur building, or park, or public reserve which thnll at any time bt! und^r the njanagcm2nt uf the Council.' P.ople converfunt with thn powers cf muri c i p itl bodies ia England will rc.i:ogni?c iti t1. i» u provision frequently madcj ufc of to brighten and cr.hven the dull rootine of daily 1 1 f-? fcr the ci'izcr? thnm^flvcH, end nl°o to mnko the city ottr.ctivc to visitors. The thirtcnnLh cliu?' of the bill propoaes to mnke 1 eligible for election ua uldermcn ' any p^reon who has boen ordained a minia Hi ot any religions denomination oat who ib not in charge o( any congregation,' aa well u 'any per.on who ii temporarily employed to perform any eerrioc for the Grown (or a reward not payable in tho fonn of a ealary or other periodical remunera tion' The next olanBe ii one that wants carefnl consideration beTore it is allowed to b.-cjme lu, It appears to pilt the Cart b:fore Ihe hone. It pro posEB to alter eieuoa fitSI of thB pre rent Act under whiah the actB of every Dommittee appointed by the Council most be Bnbmitted to the Oonncil for approval, in the directlbn of miking it iioi incombBnt on any Committee to Bnbmit any of its acts to the Council for approval, unless the committee has been dircoted to do bo by the Oonnoil. Now this seems to atantia! teaton for adopting it ban be prit forward than appcarfi on the Bar- I face, Parliament oaght not to pass it. 1 The Council Bhoula, of collrge, have ; tbe power to iirect b committee to act in ca&fiB; of emergency, but to ooDfer tbe power on acommittee to aotor cot, just as it cbooeea, in all owes, ia going , a step tco far in the directionlol muni- 1 * have tbeir corporate businesa done openly Bnd in tbe btoBd light of day. 1 ^ConL^t?a^^^SrtohgPcl'e the pafle at which horeeB and other animals and vehicles may be ridden, or driven, or drawn through the city BtreetE ; to provide for the protection of pereons from io'ury or danger from the use of animalB or vehicles or bi or public and private property within the city. The last clause but one ib of a retrospective character, and saggeB'.e that the Gotincil hae been makins by laws which it has had no authority to mukc. If thiB ia not so, it ia difficult to ace what the Claaaeia wanted for. It propOEeB to validate ' any role or regu lation heretofore purported to be made by the Council bb a by-law in regard to any of the matters ic regard to wbicb tbe Council ia by thia Aot authorised tD make by-laws.' Ffohi thia it would appear that any by-lawa m»de by tbe Council in reference to the three matters specifically mentioned in clausc 15 of thiB bill are at this date invalid, and that they were made on powers merely alleged to be possessed, and not actually Mi, by the Council. How ever tbi? may be, tbe bill ia one of in terest and aoms importance, and re quires tbe careful attention of Parlia ment, especially clause 14, which aeem? to bo matt objsotionable and quite opposed to good municipal govern ThB LeOI6L,4TIVB Codjicil, — Tho Council p radically flnlahed tbe Caaloni Bill laat night. They have not a Rreat deal ot b cle! new Lo (ft) oa wltb, and, ln dttcreccc to the withe* ol the Hocse, Mr Hodtd (,lh- Foreign Cocspa^ei Amendment Bill, which ha. been printed tor lamo Use. Ins Kayoh'b ADDHESP.—Tbe following lorllyP dl«chargPed and the candact o[ the men good. The oat aUtlasi at Glen Dha and InTcrcak have been ioilrcmcntal Id matntalnln? good order In ttcae icctilii'i, while thD (fficlent dlacharga ot licty by tbe fcaB met with tbe approFal at the real dt-nU for icifdeixieanDrB and proceed Ic pi for brrach of Ada acd by-law* hai benn Je«a iban lhat ot last ytar. Tho prace cf the city hai been well preairfcd. bu'1 B»ct el UuBdwhUo wcro eacVfi^ed'ei or U daj 6' Imprlicnmeat fcr haying bcco drnnk and dWordcrly the previona day. In within 90 daji. — Two youthi earned George Djr'oci and William IJlalr pUarfed gollty to hnvlv g ca November 9, contrary lo tbe by of Ic b p c :? t c r Curlln, acd refoi^r'to'lcave when ri qneited. They wr re each ficed 2. 6d and 7b 61 coata, in difault thr-e daja' lmpriiDEtEent.— The Police Magiatralc and Tauab Lodok, U. A O.D— The qaarterlv meeting ol the ^ba*e ^lodgc wai held oa Ld wilh the tiinal rltea aod ce^/m^nl'ea. csptlog thoia of A.D. and uecteUij' and treaenrer. In the fint Uro. I, M Qoeen wm elected nnoppowd. Bro. Oldham wai ro elected eccreUry, Bro. Wangb treaiurer, B3d Bro. Hatpherd I P. A. The cIccUdd ct other officpri takm plane next lodgn night, acd BroaPo:rihamK and Hhophar' were* «? lornud, Bro. C, W. Lclghton waa clecled auditor, li waa un&Dimanfl; vfrc aol ved that thLBfatol go*.-roment of the DG.Lodjc log w, r: thi; beat tho lodge ever had during the qn »! t*r. Twenty- three new membera BaicWa nad Donald.' the acrmlEa^/i'; a:d lIpo Broa. Cacway and Blurgca, fur BBilst The Gskeral Hoei-ital— Iho amgeon HoipiUI (Dr. Drake) roporU that 12- her 1 71 patlenta remained, 'and afLa 63 Forty-sii- wire discharged aad aix died,' leaving 72 now in the boipttal. ? on (chairman), W. DB, BaVicol,' J.Ydjc*. J. T. Farffillo, G. Baker, Q- W'ilkfci, AI. Stctr and Ronrke. — The e.cretary rep:rted hRTlng granted tempcrarv rellrt' to acvpu hud bt-Ln it'ruck 'off tbe' roll foVVaMocg granted rclli f , — The''f c!.ow-lrK .to^atloni J. L. Bmf 1 li (St. Lcnnnt.^), but f arH, lies, Mb Bekdlks IlKKiiiOKiiaTi xg Plant.— refrcihicg c:wb lhat Mr L Hcndcrfof Khti beih-itrecr^ has jaai C2m;,lelpd hti coal cDpinerf# (Ur utp. 11 cm asd Di!c!fiahl hare tnatallrd, uodur lnstrcc iar.a from lhc Mel. bonrcu ngmt»(Mtaarf.J. llarlratn Brdg;ci) wa« built at Ihe Cnnvo Worki, Glasgow, tind In tho col™j. J'c'' fittlcgi 1b aotne evidcncs bclh of the ent r prlie ot Mr Bender Bnd of the blgb r-c»litv of the wcrkmaoabip employed. Th* re Iripcrator ii driven by a eUsam icglco, released through a pinhole It t»kcB op heat rapidly, bring!, :E thn .orronod iDg tempBrature down cntil tho ploca 1 jo the^coolio^chamher are crusted half an j li firm aa a brick. m'mL nde^ ! friser.lcR power to keep two large chambcri likely to have for many a day. He li qcvl' 'nd th ? °r .te ''- = ,'P' .'»°th ?re' lntcroated by tbcir ohespnetB, While be fata own yearly-lr-c^i niiog bnalccei, Thu la workltg order yet, hnt that ji oalv a matter of a wcrk or i«-c. A fell 1 Utiatrat/.d dLicription^ot tho^nocbloery. and the new Ditrrb'i » llcmedy in the'haus?,' aara A. H P»i U-r, wi'.h K. C, Aikin'aad Co.,' Indlarj. -j3.;a, Jnd,, i»nd my w-jf,: volU as toaa Miinkrfbelngwi'hQLtfj-.ti-caa bott'e of tb»a B rcrdr in IV.c euaiftfr a.a*on. 'v/,. havo LBcd it wl'b nil three cf onr ehllJrei and 11 bai never fnilcd li r^rr-co'. « Iraji'.j' alop pfcin, hot cure BlaalntLly . Ufa all rl^ht, and anjotc who trica il will End it bo. For aalc by ail di^lurf. Uaiton and Laws General AgcnU.' Dihocratjc Lxaoc*.— A meeting rf the Lragne wai held on Monday ironing, Ihe prcaldeet took tbe oUlr at 8 80, and there freffl Mr d'c.' Drqnblrt^ttornB^OeDBral* and Mr Fowler, M.H.A,, oa pOUtlml ruatttn. l^g«r WM going to^take^op Ifl^IeraaaB to I Hi ed l; can^ldatet have kn&onoced; thecutlvf,, IsillsMsi that ptupoflB. Lalnccaton lov^o^mnalo wSl°bfl'lt«iO!l this cltyf It will be ot fonr nigh' d?iaon Barten M'Gnckln ftonor) tad Mr Arthur Diane pwt'OBc) will accompany the brll Andrew Denniiton, a well-known mnilolan Liverpool, where he remained far two yean. While in Liverpool ble Ulent waa firat swakeood by Ifitcolog to a very fiae markahly retentive memory enabled blm lo ting and play .fter the flnt or wco.d rehcarrel. He then took U the atody of I remarkablr, ccnilderirg hi. privation, a' d be !b tbe author of aomo antbemi and puim ;aad bvtrn tno(-, He waa for many ye*r» I the conductor of the Choral Bcclety in hli 'iSSlS ot the KiBon. For a comber ot yean j th d Walter Bcott, clc., which were' highly »pprn one of hla popular csnoerta, Mr Dciinljten i him of bU bearin^nec which time Ec hu peiformid very iiule in pahllc. The DBAf akd EcSifa and the RlIkB — Wc have received from the honorary ?ncre- the Deaf and Dnmb and the Blind, Mr Ellli Sydney, a copy ot the annual report for the year ended on B:ptcmbcr SO, 1897. Tbe tables given ihow that the lnatlloiion has received 474 children, 960 being deaf, and 114 blind, Of thr fc S -7 have 1' ft to retcra to their frienda and hotcei (17 being idiotic, fcnd beyond the lufiuonec of edncatlon), aud blind and' aeven dtaf and dumb femaLr, who belong to New Bocth Walra. 68 to Qiitoi land, 19 to Taimaoi*, a-ven to New Zealand, one to Booth Amtra'la, one to tbe Friendly Macdi, acd one to India. The board of maoBpement auDcnnce that the obj'ct cf bringing ihe Initiation nnder the notice of or bllndneu (1) that tbii ii an ieBtltntion where their blind or deat children oan be educated, and eo tralood tbat In after life they may be able to anppcrt thcmielvei ; (2) that tbe icititntlon li oprn to all claim cf loclety, both rlcb and poor, according to tbe clrcnmatanceB ot the ' partnti ; (B) that deaf or blind chlldrrn , from 7 to 14 yean ot age are eliglblo (or tbe better ; (4) that the lniLUotion hu roam for more papLli, and the diroctori are anxloai that eTery drat and every blind child in the colony capable of being od oca ted ehoaM eotcr tbe aaylam, bat an edneiticnal ejUbllihrnent for deaf or blind cfciidreo only. Forma of appIioatloD aod a!J pirlicnlara r^apectlcg tbe admlflaion cf children will be gladly far ncceaaary funda wlth'whlch to carry on thli Kaotl jJ°rk *n ®irac»l tor Bobacrip Qneenaland Aborigi^B.'^The b^ok fo'rmi^ very valoable contribution to the llt«ratnre by the author to Bir Horace Tierr, Home 1 Illutrated by fourteen plaUa from the Nrw Infolvent.— Tbo following petition wna^jeiU-rday^lt^ed ^wlth the reglatrar In debts, fYtO. ^Mr's, Maraan^ii iScltor^o the cilata. JVVBXJLF FA50Y Kajs. — A JDTeblle fancy fair will be held to day at tbe Patter tbe Junior C.K. foreign mlaalon' nod. ' The room hai boon arranged ln the form of a anow-clad Bwiai village, wilh a cumber of alalia acliably decorated. Tbe fair wi'I be opcaed at S p m by the Mayor, and will be will bo held at^otgbt, when^MiEB Jeannte Bateman and other vocilleta will Biog, while Memorial Chuuch BxaviCEfi — Bailor vice. ^ Tho laat aervlccs will be held ta-day^ cimmeccing at 8 p w. and 7 9D p.m. Miller, ibe iccoDd mate of the barque Kdcn Iiolme^waa arreted for abi.nlinu faiaic'.t Com/'li m BS7 AMY OoNCBST. — An s drrr- liaement ln another column annonncei that the concert to Mr A. J. Bcott will bo held en Monday night at the Mcchanlca' Inaii e'a p e r To' °eh o w ^t b e ™ ^ a p p r la'tl o n^ 'of1 ^p b'b t esrviceB by be.og prcj3nt In larg., nnmber.. Tub Kbskiss-Bcott Duamatic Cox; t'Ahv . — -The Agent and bcceIo artiat of ik'.t dr*mat!e combloatlon arrirod by lUaurr yeetcrday from Melbourne to maki the , nrx: week. | Mr Isaac Horunr, proprietor ot the Burton widily known men In the Btaie, waa cured ot rbccmailflm alter three yeara of auSiring, He layi : ' I bavo cot aumoleot command of langnago to coavey any idea of what I let tered ; my phyilclana told mc lhat nottlrg conld be done for me, and my friendi were fully coavlcced that nothing bnt death wo&ld; relieve me of m? auff ring. In June. 1694. Drag C^: recommended be°rl aiu^ I-iln Balm. At thta tlmq rav /oit aarf limb were Bwollen to more than double their nrram! aire, and It ie-mud to me in v would bnrit, bnt Boon after I Ingan CBlnj; tor: Pain entirely cnrcd. For Bale by b!1 Hc»ltrij UATTOK AHd Lawb, General AgcnU' .,.7rfc8sfs;is c'li'3:r£^Tr! Z2'CZ' IZ'7'1 Si rr^r1TA-d(iatjBCigh'tB,lBi*n cbutpfc' s,ili&;ioD 