j IA I.I. EIGHT.-: !:ES::?.VED.j | PLULLSHKD BY .SPECIAL ARRAXGE i MEXT. ! THE HONORABLE JIM, i OR THE QUEST OF AMOS PEG R.AM BY R. J. CHARLET'JX. Author of " A SRCCBYRIT, DRAMATIST," '. HECTOR'S CLOAK," '"MAKOEP.Y IUTHER rop.II." '. WIDMUSGTOS'S ATONEMENT," "A LOST OWOETO-JTY," "'CASTLE KIL T.ATH." Etc. CHAPTER XXXIII.-fCY.ntnued). You:::: Leo here knocked at the door and asked t<> .see Ptgra:n. He said he r.:ust go home to the camp it once, as he ".vss anxious about his people. Ths Faas might seek to revenge hLs conduct upon them, and he would like to v/arn them and share their danger. ?.Quite right,"' said Pegram. "You are quits right. And I v.-;'!l go with you, too, and help thou if needful. It -.vas on my account the enmity of the Faas was incurred", and it is therefore only fair that I should share the danger. This, to say nothing of :j;v gratitude to your people for their many kindnesses to mo. I will follow you slioitly. I wish to have a few words with the voting Sady iir.-.t." Pegrain, with much hesitation, approached .'uilly Wilton and asked hc-r if he could have a few minutes private conversation -.vitli her. She blushed deeply, forshedivined, young his departure and ladies in like cases will, what was to be the purport or the conversation. Indeed, his manner was sufficient warrant for her divina tion, for he Mushed as vividly as she did, and was twice- as nervous. She put on her hat and they strolled out the house and into a little plantation behind the farm. through whi<.h :: footpath wound its wav. Miss Wilton-Milly," said Pegrarn, hesitatingly. "I have o::<jn thought of vou while I have been away and hoped that sometimes you r:\ay have remembered me." , ^ 'i I nave, ->Tr. Pegram. \ ery often indeed. I remember the pleasant times we had together before you left," so said 31 illy, shyly, and edging a little closer to him. " That s just what I have thought about too,'; said he : " that, and what a fool I was to goawayand leave it all." "Then why did you do so i" asked she with some heat. "Did it-did it make yoa feel the least sorry, the least vexed, Milly, because I wc-nt away ! he asked, anxiously. The young lady was not going to give hr-r sc-ir away like that, and drew back a little. ell, said sue, "'I could not see the use of it at the time. You were so comfort able, and we " '. We were such good friends/'he added. "Yes. that was it. But Millv. mav we not be something more ? I left you, to" pursue what I now find has been somethine like a wildgoo.se chase. Yet after all it was my d-:ty to pursue it, and I should have despised myself had I not done so. Even yet I have hopes of succeeding in my quest, and as long as I .lave the .slightest Iiojje I cannot give up. Can you forgive me because this is so '.I have nothing t<. forgive."she answered coluly. " \, hy should you ask such a thing?" Because I v,as bold enough, perhaps mad enough, to hope that you perhaps cared a little for me, even as 1 aire a great deal for you, Milly; nav, I would not say care a great deal, but something stronger. Do you understand '<" " I think I do," she answered shvlv, her eyes shining with joy beneath the downcast "Weil, then, Milly," he resumed. "I have loved you all along, but dared say no thing, hint nothing about it, lest the sacred duty which has been imposed on rue should lead our lives apart. Now. in a few days something tells me that I shall either fulfil that duty or know that fate has rendered it impossible that I should ever do so. In either case, Milly, I shall then be free. May I hope that you will give me the glad pleasure of knowing that I have exchanged the ties and bonds of duty for others dearer and sweeter, for the bonds of love For all answer to his impassioned question she gently pressed his arm and looked up trustingly in his face. He bent down and kissed her and so sealed the compact. The shadow of the dark pine wood was above them, but through the serried trunks of the trees camc filtered the bright rays of the afternoon sun, making bright flecks of light upon the sombre footpath they trod ; the whole scene was symbolic of the lights and shadows of the life road whicli lay before them, and which they were to travel together hand in hand until the great parting. For some time neither spoke, for both were thinking of the future, and both too happy in the present to find words. At length Pegram broke the silence. " Come dearest," said he; "let us return. I must leave you for a while. Danger, I fear, threatens my dear friends and benefac tors the Lees, and I must go and give them what little aid is in my power." He put his arm lovingly around her waist, and together they returned to the farm. " But what danger can threaten them, Amos?" she asked; "surely these men dare attempt no violence in open day in the middle of a civilised country." "You little know them, my dear girl," said he ; "they are desperate men, and wil 1 do anything to revenge themselves on those who helped to defeat their attempt to keep me in their power." I cannot understand. Why should^they make such a point of de " Lest I should divulge a secret of theirs I overhead by chance ; a secret which affects them nearly." " And that secret? " "Pardon me, Milly, but even to you I cannot disclose it just now. We had better not talk of it." ' "As you will," said she sweetlv; "we will say no more about it then. But tell me something more about these gipsv people who have been so kind to you". I feel strangely interested in them. Where did you meet them first V " Strange to say, in this part of the coun try; next in the south, near Epping Forest. But I told you and your father and uncle about that, and you well remember." "Yes, I remember; but tell me more about the woman-Rachc-l, I think you called her, and the girl Leah." " What about thern. Milly ? " "You told us how good they had been to you, and how they had tended and nursed you when you were ill and helpless, and for that I am sure I shall always, love-them. But you did not say what, they; were jik'i-. Tell me more about them./' She was feeling a sort df /eiiiinfrfe fcplfiuny in her heart of these womdji who had'teVided him while she, who would/have given the world to be there, was far froni^fe'sW&vijn; his simplicity he did not suspecWJif^UAit set down her question as due to mere curiosity, and answered her simply. "I don t know what more to tell you about them than i have already," said he. "They were the mc\\.ns of saving my life, as I have told you, and nursed me through my sickness." " .And God bless them for it!" she ex claimed earnestly. " Put still I am curious to know more about them. What v. ere they like 1" ' " Well, Rachel ..A'e, the mother of the little boy I told you about," began Pegram, but she interupted him. '' Yes, yes," she cried, '' I think I under stand about her. But tell me about the other one. Leah. ' "Oh, Leah. Well, you shall sec her one of these days, and t'ner, you will see for yourself.1 She is a very nice girl, is Leali." An:l beautiful, i suppose ? lam told all the gipsy girls are beautiful V '. Ves,1' he replied "Yes, Leah. is be .utiful-'very beautiful." He spoke unconcernedly, as if he was criticising some wort of art. and her face, which before was flushed and eager beca;;:e calmer. Her womanly intuition told iier that here she had nothingto fear. It would have been different had he spoken disparag ingly of the charms of the gipsy gi:!. In that case she might havu suspected he was concealing his real feelings ; but his open in genious admittal of the girl's beauty dis armed her suspicion and allayed her jealous fears. They strolled on for a long time after this in silence. Her happiness, dis turbed by a passing doubt, v/as now restored, ar.d once more the woodland path, with i s lights and shadows, and the tangled- foliage of the wood on either hand, became a para dise, a veritable fairyland, hemmed in from the outer world, with its sordid cares and struggles. And so thtv walked, as it seemed to them, on buoyant air ; and as the sun sank low on the horizon, in a glow of golden light they turned and hand in hand retraced their steps. ' Before they left the wood his arm had stolen lovingly around her waist, but at the gate leading to the farm he gave her a parting kiss amf left her, to visit the camp of the Lees, promising, however, to return as soon as possible with tidings of his staunch friends. CHAPTER XXXIV. THE CAMP Aoai:-\ ?ili!!y had been so much interested by Amos Pegram's account of the Lee family aikI his adventures in their company. and their great kindness to him, that nothing would serve her but she must go with him to visit them. .So, after tea the dogcart was "got out again, and Pegram drove off with Miliy by his side, and her old father on the back seat behind them. Heavens ; how happy the poor felly*- felt, after all his troubles and trial*, to be thus flying briskly along the road by the side of the girl" he loved and who loved him. A thousand times he looked proudly down from the driving seat into her smiling, happy face, scarce able to realise his happiness. And so, in a whirl of delight and happiness, he reached once more the encampment and saw once more the familiar caravans, and the horses and dogs and the magpie, and greater pleasure than all, the faces of his old friends. Old Lee greeted him with the utmost pleasure and congratulated him on his escape from the Faas. Young Luke had already arrived, and given an account of their adventures, so that he had nothing to tell except how kindly and gallantly the young fellow had behaved through it all, matters j which he had not dwejt 011 himself. Oiu Mrs. Lee was there, and Rachel and Leah, and little David ; and the women received Milly Wilton with the greatest kindness when Pegram told them who she was, only that Lc-ah was a little shy and distant, and they showed her over the caravans and explained to her their domestic and cooking arrangements, with which ^h< w;ts hugely delighted. In an.swc-r to an inquiry of Petrram's, old Leo told him thai the Faas wwe likely to .seeii to revenge themselves upon him "for Luke's conduct in deserting them and betray mp . trust- His other .son. Isaac, was still with them, perhaps forced ts remain, but as lor himself, he cared nothing for them and feared them not. He had talked the matter over witn Inspector Harvey, who had several times been at the camp, and he had arranged with the county constabulary to ..veep a look-out for them. Pegram was only half-satisfied with this, having had more ex perience than the old man of the desperate character of the Northern gipsies. He said nooning, ^ hov. ever, not wishing to undulv alarm his old friend, but resolved to see Harvey as soon as possible and tell him of his adventures among the Faas. Rachel made supper, and they all .sat round the fire, Milly much delighted with tne novelty of the situation, and her father inw ardly fretting about the lateness of the hour, for the sun had set, and the niVht damps were creeping around. ° Old mother Lee sat quite silent, eyein" Peg ram with a strange look in her great black eyes. At length she spoke. " Friend Pegram," at length she said, " when you came over the deep waters I looked in your hand and tried to see your | dukkerm (fortune). Has what I told you | then come true But I need not ask, for I ? see in your face disappointment and suspense hidden behind a mask of happiness and joy. A mask I say, for a mask onlv it will be I until what lies under it be removed." Milly Wilton gave a frightened look at Pegram. j " You may look, maiden, you may well ioori, continued the old woman. "For what I am saying concerns you as wc-U as him. j our fates go together." Milly smiled. \ es, the fates of the two of you go to gether, but not until .what I spoke of be re moved. Let me look again in your palm, friend Pegram. Mayhap I can see some thing there to guide you." Pegram crossed over and seated himself beside the old woman, who took his hand and keenly scanned it, the others, especially Milly eaierly looking on. "I see nothing but what I saw before," resumed the gipsy. " You still seek what you sought before, but shall not find it where you expect. Still the lmes say you shall some day find it, but when that shall be they say not, for the time is hidden in a red mist of blood, as I told you before. Yes, there is blood between you and what you seek. Danger has been about you, and you have escaped it. Danger shall be about you again, and that right soon, but whether this time you escape it I cannot see. Now, young maiden, shall the gipsy scan your little hand and pen dukkerin (tell for tune) for you ? No, you are afraid. Well never mind. They who fear their fate are no nearer the avoiding of it." Milly shuddered. Then, she looked up resolutely into the gipsy woman's gleaming eyes. ° "That is true," said she. "But they who know not their fate have no cause to fear it." " "Well said, missie," cried old Lee. "Now old woman, I think we've had enoudi of fortune telling." ° r ''X°' ct;ied the y°u"S girl Leah. Let mother tell the young lady's fortune." "I had it told to-day," said Milly, quietly with a blush and a shy look at Pegram. "Of course, you had," said the old mother. "I told you, did I not, that yours and his went together. But not until what | I spoke of is removed." Old Wilton now insisted that they should return kome as it was getting dark, so Luke put the horse into the dogcart again, and Pegram drove otf with father and°daughter as before, promising fx. return and puss the night in his old quarters. They reached the farm in safety and with out adventure, and after n tender parti n" with Milly, Pegram set out on his return to the gipsy encampment, carrying with him a stout walking stick, the loan of which was forced on him by Uncle John. Indeed, the honest farmer would rot hear of his going without one. The idea was too preposterous! Nobouy in that part of the country, lie ur"cd, ever went out of doors without a stick. ° So Amos Pegram, stick in hand, strode swiftly along m the moonlight, thinking of Milly, but "with an undercurrent of thought sti.l running over that other subject which lay so near his heart, the whereabouts of the Honorable Jim. The road by which he was travelling joined the Glendyke road close by the long strip of fir plantation which has been mentioned t-u ice before, and soon lie was in the shadow of its dark trees and on the very spot whence, a few nights ago, lie had spied the lantern of the Faas on the darl^hill side over the valley, the light which had led him nlto the adventure of the cavern. Helooked across the v;illey but all was in darkness on rthe- hill to-night, and he fell to wonderin" "where the desperados were then. This was the very Sunday night he had heard them decide upon for thogettingaway of the Earl's brother and carrying mm oil to their hiding place in the cavern. True, Luke Lee had told him that the plan had been abandoned, but t.,en they had begun to suspect the younj' man's fidelity to them., ar>.l perhaps had only told him this to mislead him. What if even now, in the darkness over 'there, they were waiting for the mail lie so eagerly wished to come in contact with ? What if even now his brother had got him clear of his pre sent hiding place, wherever that might be, and was leading him to them whore they waited in the sheep fold I He reproached himself that lie had not sought out Michael Harvey sooner and torn him. With that lie hurried ojT in the direction of the farmhouse where the detective and his Australian confreres had their lodgings, resolved to tell him all. The i lacj v.-,'is at no great distance, and lie sco-i reached it, only to find that a 1 three were f com hwi'.;. They had gone out about ' an hour ago, said Uie farmer's wife, who \- opened the door on his urgent .summons. So there was clearly nothing for it but to return to the encampment. Old Lee had said that Harvey was a frequent visitor. He might ctll there to-night. So hoping he .set off. His way lay by the edge of a disused quarry, and passing byl: he heard .some extraordinary sounds coming from the hollow beneath, sounds inarticulate and strange, like some animal in pain.~fcut like no animal he had ever heard before : and the strange sounds were accompanied by a Kw:«hiiur and crnck lingof branches and twigs as if some heavy body wasstrugglingamongst brushwood. Somourn ful and yet v.'itlwl so tierce were the mufiled, inarticulate, vocal sounds that if Pegram had been of superstitious turn of mind he might have set them down as being of supernatural origin. The place was lonely and dark, the great gaping hollow looked the very place for a ghost or a bogey, but our friend was troabled by no fears of such filings, and be gan to go round the side of the quarry and descend the slope which led to the bottom of it. Here he came upon a spectacle of an astonishing nature. On the floor of the quarry was a great heap of cut brushwood, such as is used by farmers for strengthening tl-eir fences, and this heap appeared to be alive, for it was rocking and heaving about in a most uifhccountable manner, while from the midst of it came the sounds which had attracted his attention. To commence hauling away at the brushwood to see what was beneath it was with Pegram the work of a moment:. Armful after armful he pulled off and cast on one side, and all the time the extraordinary sounds continued to come forth from beneath the heap. At length he got it nearly all removed and came upon the hidden cause of so much uproar. Upon the ground lay a iran. v.-ho noon examination was found. t<j be bound hand and foot with ropes. He was also gagged, a handkerchief being tightly tied over his mouth, into whichjanother had been inserted. Over him the heap of brushwood had been piled, doubtless to hide from any passer-by. and it was his cries .for assistance and struggles to escape which had arrested Pegram's attention. In a few seconds the ropes were cut, the gag removed, the man stood on his feet, and to his astonishment, in the captive Pcgvam recognised old Lee's second son Isaac. The young man was in a state of intense excitement. To Pegram's questions he re turned no answer, but commenced to make oft' as soon as he recovered the power of his cramped limbs. "Come with me," he Tied.. ''Come to the camp. The Fa&s-the; villains. Come with me to the camp or we may be too late." CHAPTER XXXV. THE WATCHES OF THE NIGHT. Without a moment's hesitation Pegram sprang after Isaac Lee. . He understood the whole situation at a glance. The young man, being in company with the Faas, they had proposed to attack his father, and on the young man remonstrating they had taken, bound and gagged him, and left him in the quarry to prevent him giving the alarm. There was no time to be lost, so tightly grasping his stick he bounded after the young gipsy, who ran on swift as a deer to wards the camp. What was to be the sight which would greet them when they arrived there ( What the fate of their friends at the hands of these miscreants'{ Eagerly they strained their eyes in the direction of the camp, expecting to see its place indicated'by the glare of the blaz ing caravans. They reached a point at length from which they knew the camp could lie seen, and still they looked towards it. Thank heaven, all was black, or nearly so. Only the feeble glow of ' the dying camp fire was to be seen. All, too, was silent. No sound of conflict or disturbance reached their ears. So far then all was well; or, sicken ing thought, had they come too late and was all over, and the silence not the silence of peace, but of death? It may be thought that such fears as these in a civilised country were groundless and absurd, but Pegram knew the desparate eha racterofthe men they had to deal with and hov,r difficult it would be to bringhome to them any crime they might commit in that wild un frequented spot, and in the dead of night. He and his companion hurried quickly on and at length reached the camp. They were about to enter the space between the waggons when a voice out of the darkness hailed tlieni. ''Stand back," cried the voice. "Another step forward and I will blow your brains out. Who are you ? What do you want the two of you ?" It was Luke who, armed with a shot gun, was keeping watch oyer the camp. Hearing his voice, the old man now appeared, and he also carried a gun,:, ..When the newcomers were recognised, of course they were gladly welcomed, and then Isaac set to work and told his tale. He had remained with the Faa gang ever since his brother had gone off leading the donkey 011 which Pegram was seated, accom panied by Sandy Boswell. He had been with them when "they discovered the latter worthy lying in a dninken sleep in the cave, and had accompanied them in. their search for the fugitives. It was quite true that the Earl had refused' to keep the appointment he had made with them for that night, to hand over his brother, so that they might hide him from the .police and, if possible, get him out of the country. Asked by Pegrain if he knew where the Earl's brother was con cealed, he said her-had not the least idea, but his lordship had' him in some snug place, there was no doubt. On finding out Luke Lee's treachery^ Dick Faa was so incensed that he swore he would be revenged on the whole family, 'and after that time he had treated him (Isaac) like a dog. By accident he had overheard them plan a.descent upon the camp for that very night, "and prepara tory to carrying out their intention they had bound and gagged him, and left him in the quarry unden .a heap of dry brushwood, where by a lucky accident Pegram had found him. Doubtless they were no.v on their way to attack the camp, thinking to take it by surprise, and- supposing him quite .safe in the quarry arid unable to give the alarm. Now it behoved them to keep a smart look out, for the ruffians might be there at any moment. On the conclusion of Isaac's narrative, his father, as being the head of the family, took command of' the party, and appointed each to a separate post. The last remains of the fire were stamped out so that, they might not be the means of guiding the enemy to their position, and Pegram, Luke, and Isaac set to work to patrol the ground outside the camp, each being allotted a certain portion. The old man. then quickly awoke the women and the boy and told them-- what was ex pected, and what they might be prepared for. They made 110 noise or disturbance, these women, on hearing such alarming news, awakened from their sleep in the middle of the night. There was no shrieking, no weeping,, no hysterics : they quickly dressed themselves, and prepared to assist Hie men when the time for action came. The old dame was very bitter and scornful against the Fans, and there was an ugly light in Rachel's eyes which boded them no good. Meanwhile, outside the camp, the watchers patrolled their several beats, looking keenly across the dark moor and 011 the qui vive for the slightest sound or sign of the expected foe. The waggons had been so disposed as to form, three sides of a square, the open side of which faced the plantation fence. There was a narrow space left bet ween the waggons at each outer corner of the square, through which'the outlying sentries could retreat in case of hostile approach. Pegram was posted 011 the side facing the road, which was some quarter of a mile distant across the moor, as hasbeen described. Themo&nwasstillup;, and so used had his eyes become to obscurity of late that he could see the road, a faint thin streak of pale light color on the black back ground of moorland. Not a sound disturbed the solemn stillness of night, and although he never for a moment relaxed his vigilance, lie fell a-thinking about the story young Isaac liad--to!d, at least of certain parts of it. He had said he remembered that the Earl knew where his brother was ; in fact it was the Earl who was concealing him. Very well then, lie would go to the C.-Lstle to morrow and ask t<> see his lordship, tell lnm all, and ask for a private interview with (lie Honorable Jim, binding himself by oath not to betray him or mention the fact of his hav ing seen him to anyone. ii e had just come to this conclusion when iie heard a lig'.it footstep behind him. and. turning, .'-a.Y it was Ilachel Lee She had a shawl over her head, and even in the faint moenlight her black eyes .could bj seen sparklii:;' with esci.ement. "Tell me," said she quickly, ''have you heard anything more of James Mintern . Are they likely to cake tiim? Are yoir.likely to see him : "I know nothing :aoro than ivhc.t yon heard me teil this a!tc-rr..:i>n, and wh.it' Isaac 11old us to-night : that ir ivris mte.:<:eii that he should go ofi" with :he F.ia's t.>-nvjiit. but that his brother had abanwuni-d the ido.i."' "Do you know wn-.-.-j ho is--ivheru'his brother ii.-is hhu co;;.t:'..!v--i' ;°* ' "Not in the Krjrybody' is com pletely baffled, font v.V.-n this j >« »lieo . know that his boths- kti-? :*v> ?.:< vlioreiibo-ats and of the Uirgairi-- v. -th tl«» ,Fa»'s, they may be able in find hiui. He uiusi; be somewhere near at iiM-.i." f to b". CCKt-UV.-?!.) 