l( PiSECIASGl TO DEMI." The Mrs Noel whom her acquaintance liked or disliked, according to their inclination. was a handsome and wealthy [widow, endowed with a purse liberally open to most demands and manifesting the fervent interest for many subjects ithat characterises our "'tin de siecle." ffhe Mrs Noel who occasionally confronted her own soul was a deep and •narrow nature, influenced by two im- Jpassioned affections, and as indifferent jto outside sympathies as to shadows that pass. One of these affections was demoted to the memory of her husband, the other was a living: love for her only Slaughter. 1 Concerning tliis beloved child, the Another's heart ached forebodingly while she drove through the avenues of the Cliamps Elysees in her neat brougham, or toiled through various apartments of [that fashionable quarter, accompanied fby her maid and a house ageut. Disitracted by an anxiety with which liousefhunting perplexities had nothing to do. she broke down when, having admired pertain pictifesque rooms, she was told ithat the accommodations for the "suite" |were three stairways higher. "Go. Rosine." she said to her maid, as Bhe sank into an easy chair, "you surely (know better than I what we require. I Shall rest here uniil you return." "Madame does not fear to remain alone?" "Why should I fear?" Mrs Noel demanded wearily. "We have so conscientiously inspected every corner and 'cupboard that even a ghost <-ould not have escaped our notice. If you ai-e -nervous, however, you may lock the outer door." Rosine murmured an acquiescent. "As piadame pleases.*' the agent uttered a rvolubie assurance of secure soliiude. and ;thev departed. Mrs Noel leaned back in her chair and shut her eyes. She had often warned herself that anxious days would begin when L.aura grew old enough to become interested in lovers, but she had not. anticipated that |fchose davs would dawn thus, swiftly. (Laura was onlv 17. A child in spirit, though visibly nearing the lovely verge Of womanhood. Mrs Noel had left her ifor a holidav visit at the home of . a school friend in Scotland, win!'* she tmade an annual.cure at Hoiuburg. Now, six weeks later. T-aura"s letters were filled with one man's name, and her {hostess wrote that a Russian. Count: SRufski, possessing a European reputation for fascination, was pursuing Laura iwitli sinW devotimi-as she believed no girl could resist. . _ • That a woman should marry, among liter countrvmen was a law of life evolved by Mrs Noel from her own brief fliappv marriage. That Laura's husband' should be of her .mothers clioos- Bng. Mrs Noel discovered suddenly to be Shis law's inseparable codicil. Yet {Laura had manifested a cheerfully resolute will ever since she was old enough t d t a t L ito feel a preference. What if her will [had alreadv decided for this stranger-a ; [Russian,, whose ^Epr^pteaiT: > fepu^tion* l Kor fa^WA'' be^mac-^ jquire^' within any ifcmber of ye&rs; approximately near, to those of this child iof 17? ' • > Mrs Noel opened her eye* 'with a pang d So keen that she thrust it aside. Laura rwottld return to her to-morrow. Surely too intruding influence had thus swiftly eclipsed her own. ; She would not consider such disaster. She would consider instead the home they meant to make tfor some years in Paris-here. perhaps. fThis apartment seemed likely to suit them, she told herself, while her eyes (wandered -restlessly around tlie salon, rwhich the agent had brilliantly illuminated when lie had shut out the (chill autumn twilight, i Immediatelv opposite her chair a wide n c t e floorway Jframed a sniper. HHmdre clitirriuug troom. whose delicatepblue t ttirtf fugfeested a dainty brfek^ofcriTfof the object of Mrs Noels anxieties. • "Ju£t flie-sctifceyflirty phi Hv ^i^ng twiUfancy-4-r-C' r. j l; - Her thoughts broke off as sharply as thought they f >ad'.-|>e$L. J juterrui>t^d words. i Before the chimney which faced the arcliway stood a low couch, heaped with many satin pillows.; A moment since it lhad'seemed the very nest for Laura— NOW? £ ;-t O -.V Was sh^dkzedor'dreaming ? 'Whose slender, white-clad figure lay among those pillows ? Whose fair head half itumed away toward the cliimnejr ? A'ot Laura's, -thank -God! Color aiid outline (were like but the pretty creature who BO mysteriously ap^eared.there «as,jiot ILa.ura.Jipr Tfsjfon $t-Lawprf fct.ij L- Wlioever she was. how old slie get Ithere unobserved f r Ah awe ! that wits (neither curiosity nor ; terror possessed Mrs Noel as she confronted the picture fjefore her. Whence,\liad it coine? Wliy 0id she behold it? . , ; i Between her and tiie objer-t of her ispellbouud gaze the figure jof man; in evening dress advanced soundlessly.His Ibaek was toward Mrs Noel-as she stepped softly to the side of the sleeping girl. He bent over her. His slender jewelled Jhjands lifted one of the satin pillows, j iWhat was lie about to do ? Did he jmean some caressing,. arrangement of those pillows for the comfort of that fair head ? - •• i The sleeper stirred. The bending man, Btill holding the pillow, glanced across (his shoulder, thus turning iiisbeautiful, Jevil face to the liorrdr- sfrielcen onlooker, and iu those cruel, pale eyes bis puripose was written—murder! H if =t= =S ^ . o S; i A cry. shrill with terror, interrupted fthe fluent amenities of Rosine and the jhouse-agent, as he fitted the key into ithe outer door of the apartment. Aghast ,they paused. : There was a rush of flying feet along |the inner corridor, and a heavy fall, "Open, imbecile I" Rosine cried wildly. "Madame, madame!" : The frightened agent flung wide the door, and Rosine dropped on her knees (beside the inanimate body of her mistress. i Neither terror nor anguish can long suspend the intense consciousness of 6vch- a temperament as Mrs Noel's. With a strange regard her haggard leyes Stared up presently at- Rosine aiid (the concierge, whom the ageut had hurriedly summoned. i "I wasj tired and I fainted/? she.murimured impatiently 10 their eager ques- (tions. . "Pardon, madame screamed?" Sirs Noel frowned and closed her eyes again. "A fancy! I was half-asleep—a bad ireani." She sat upright resolutely In the chair iwliere they had placed her, and .smiled p. pretty- perfunctory smile. ' -"A woman's nerves are not to be explained. Are they, Madame la Converge?" she said to that stout personjage. who was yel breathless from her run up two flijrhts of stairs. "You have ja handsome apartment here under your icare.'' "I hope Madame will not allow her 'fright to prejudice her against it?" 1 "1 will try to forget it." and the apartment pleases me. especially the smaller fialon. which would make a charming boudoir." "Madame la Conn esse always sat ithere. Tt was refurnished at-cordim: to lier orders." "She was fair. I dare say. to choose so touch blue?" • "Fair as a lily!"' 1 THE "Why did she leave?" -Sue died. Madame." "Ah. yes. Suddenly?" "Of heart disease, portr. lovely angel! But Madame has doubtless hoard the story ?" "Partly. T—T " Mrs Noel rose. shivering. "Will you give me your arm to my carriage. Monsier?" she said to the ageut. Despite protestations that she could not yet -be strong enough for such exertion. she walked downstairs. "Why should I ask her name?" she repeated to herself, with every feeble step. "I dreamed, perhaps. Or. if this horrible vision was the truth, I am no avenger of innocent blood. I am a timid woman. 1 am afraid!" She entered the brougham while Rosine listened to the agent's regrets concerning Madame's indisposition. "Madame !" the maid exclaimed, as they drove away: "it is a small world, is it not? Even this great Parts? The young Comtesse who died in that apar.- inent two years ago was the. wife of the Comte Rufski. who, Marie writes me. is staying in the house in Scotland where Mile. Laura now visits."' During a long moment life seemed slipping from Mrs Noel"s hold. But she clung fast to it. Now did she kuow why she had been permitted to behold that vision of a tragedy over which the grave had closed. God "meant her to save her child. Nor* would she fail. His marvellous mercy— not though her flesh shuddered and her blood grew cold with horror of what had been and terror of what might be. Iiosine. whose keen eves little escaped. was well aware that her fragilelookiiig mistress was capable of endurance beyond the power of a far more vigorous physique. She. however, ventured a remonstrance, when, after an hour's repose and a cup of tea. Mrs Noel prepared to keep an engagement at the opera—a remonstauce which was vain. Mrs Noel was rather late and very pale when she entered the loge of her friends, yet no one guessed that more a iled her than fatigue. Wliy should they? Does not many an actress play best with sorrowful soul or failing body ? And this woman played her role neither for fame nor for daily bread, but for hat cliild-love which God's law lurs oraiued to be the core of every woman's ieart. There was an outburst, of mischievous musement, when she spoke of her leters from Scotiaud. and tiie reports of aura's conquest. "Lauixi had made a bi illiant begining. which you iiiust expect to prove an also, if Rufski is in earnest! He is most irresistible of fortune-hunters !" "Why. Laura deserves something better" "Oh .my dear, he is a good fellow, too, and lie lids established a record as a devoted husband." "He is a widower ?'" "Since two years. She was a Scotch beauty and heiress when he married ier. but her fortune soon vanished in that big Glasgow bank failure soon after their marriage. Rufski. like all Russians. is an. incurable gambler, and invariably hard up.' Yet he bore his isappointment heroically. remained charming to his wife, and seuied quite overwhelmed by her sudden death." "She died suddenly?" " He ifound her lying dead of heart disease one evening when he returned from his club. You are shivering, dear. Wrap this cloak about those pretty shoulders." • i tf *f * Sirs Noel did not sleep that night. Surely never woman faced a situation iso terrible or so hopeless of human help. Friends and kinsfolk would think her mad did slie proclaim an accusation of murder founded on suc-h flimsy fabric as a dream. And dared she call that which she had beheld a vision, her madness would be considered more fully proven." Even Laura might strink •dismayed from the •' mother who fought. ' to sully ' her imagination and shatter ! her happines with such fantastic horrors concerning the man'^^brwheCBSr or " not'he lia'd awakened, lier heart, liad certainly pleased her faiicy" But Laura must be saved! The God who had shown the danger thus wohdrovLsiy would vouchsafe the means 'i. of escape yv^AAnA 4-ri to those eager aoorav liinfliAr mother hands that would not heed what hurt thev risked in grasping it. When Mrs ;Noel met her daughter at the Gare du -Nord there advanced down the platform, besides Laura and Laura's maid, a tall, handsome man. whose luminous, pale eyes smiled suavely upon Laura's tender flutter. S Comte Rufski was gracefully grateful as Mrs Noel, having heard of his kindness on the journey, where by chance Laura had encountered lnm.invited him to afternoon tea on the morrow. While Mrs Noel lay awake, through the long watches of a second sleepless night, her plan grew plain to her. Surely the guilt of which she knew the secret must be haunted by such coward fears as would: be stirred to self-beti-ayal by the revelation of a kuowledge whose source could ouly be supernatur aJ • "She was aware of the personal danger she would risk should Rufski's courage resist the test she intended to put upon it. She could not doubt that he would be at a loss for methods by which to sweep from his path an enemy who menaced him. Yet Laura should be saved. Laura, whose gay chatter, in which Comte Rufski's name recurred so often stabbed the mother's resolve with mightier dread than that of her own da user. Was the child's heart awake? And for whom would it declare itself Mother or love'-. " Mrs Noel and her daughter spent the following morning in shopping. Laura was rapturous over the choice of lie first ball dress. Yet she insisted upon having flowers which she had promised Rufski to wear. They lunched at famous patisserie, whose goods Laura devoured wjtli the reckless ardour of schoolgirl's hunger. Yet she forgot to finish a favorite game pie while she de scanted upon Rufski's skill at shoot ing match she had seeu in Scotland. They returned to their hotel for "live o'clock tea." and Rufski did not keepthem waiting. With a horror that made the cruelest instant of her ordeal. Mrs Noel beheld liim lifr Laura's pretty hand to his lips with the long jewelled fingers she had seen oress down a satin pillow upon She could not speak in answer to Rufski's graceful greeting, but she smiled. "It is mostly with a smile that a woman leads her "forlorn hope."' and the bravest cheer which has led men to battle, and whose echo rings through history, lacks something of the heroism of such a smile. The little group sat about the fire and drank tea daiutily. Lama was gay. Rufski amusing. Mrs Noel rather silent. Just arrived as two of them were from Scotland, talk turned naturally t° Scotch customs. Scotch characteristics, and. by a subtle impulse from Mrs Noel, to Scotch superstitions. Rufski and Laura each repeated legends at whose terrors they scoffed light!y. Mrs Noel grew serious. "I have an unassailable objection to th * credibility of most ghost, stories." s!ies:i:<]. very slowlv. 'Pa,.:-, was -i e!i:1.-»«s thrill iu her low QUORN MERCU v-Vi'-»- tvhi'-I- brought IInfskTs eyes to her ! l';i<-e from iier daughter".- 4 , bur she wssgazing at the fire. "T cannot believe thai the Maker of the I "inverse would permit the infraction of His laws for the frivolous x>urpose of useless terrorism that seems their usual design." six- continued. "But one has t-ome to my knowledge recently, whose purpose is worthy of God's mercy, and in whose truth I therefore believe." her. how solemn yon are!" Laura cried, with laughing incredulity. "You don't really believe a ghosr story?" "Assuredly, as I believe that all sin comes to punishment." Rufski shrugged bis shoulders slight- ly- "Perhaps Madame will deign to convince of his mistake a student of life, wli;i has fa noied - tliat lie discerned sinners 'flourishing like the green bay tree' of which the Bible tells us." "You shall hear this story, and I rhiuk ii will convince you." "Again Rufski's brilliant eyes sought hers, and again hers avoided them. Mrs Noel was no more liberally endowed with t-loqueace than are other wosii. • •.-.: h reBipera'.neiit in This tineloquent generation. But words that burned into the memory of her listeners leaped to lier lips, as she described the solitary woman in the empty apartment, the fair vision of secure repose which had so mysteriously appeared before her. and the creeping shadow of murder which destroyed it. Then, without glancing at her silent auditors, she re lated that the names of the actors of this gliosty tragedy had become known to its beholder, and that cuiToboraring circumstance and motive were nor lacking to link the phantom to reality and to establish its truth. "A trutn. the purpose of whose awful revelation will be accomplished.'" Mrs Noel concluded in the level voice which had told the whole story. "The. woman to whom it was revealed understand its merciful warning of danger to oue beloved—a danger to avert which she is prepared to encounter the most public scandal or the most subtle vengeance— unless her enemy disappears.'" Through effort that taxed every force of her being, Mrs Noel slowly lifted her gaze to Rufski's face. A face from which the mask of control and civilisation had been swept | away .and which confronted her. ghast- lv with supernatural horror, devilish with the lust of hate, while in his pale eyes stared that, look whose recognition banished from her soul any doubt which might perchance in future years have shaken her conviction of his guilt. From that face, those eyes, she recoiled with an involuntary homage #of the flesh to the present menace of Death. With a cry Laura flung herself on her knees between her mother and Rufski. as though iuterposing her own slight strength before that, mother's half-comprehended danger. Rufski sank back in his chair hiding his face with his hands. There was silence. Silence, during which Mrs Noel, feelins the clasp of her child's arms thanked God'. Whatever the outcome of this moment's suspense. Laura was saved; - Laura's heart had spoken, and its first utterance had been for her. Pardon. Madame!" Rufski murmured at last, pantingly. "A thousand pardons for the scene 1 make. Your horrible story has overstrained nerves sorely shatered by much -suffering'— his v6ice broke down. He rose unsteadily to his feet. His face was white and quivering, but his eves had recovered their discretion, and confessed only the weakness his; words had defined. ' " . . • . Will Madame forbear judgment, on the absent whom her eloquence driven to flight?" An instant Mrs Noel hesitated. An instant, in which her courage touched its holiest reach and faltered. Hei- child was safe." Let him go. fheil. with his past' Of Which she had .such strange knowedge. to his future, winch she was powerless to limit or control. "Concerning the absent. Monsieur. I am duniVf—so long as his. absence endures." . „ . _ ... . He bowed profoudlv. walked swiftly, toward the .door, turned there, bowed acain. and was gone. "Mother!" Laura cried, clinging close. Don't tell me what you meant or why lie weut awav! I saw,him look at you ;1S |f Darling mother, somjethmr has terrible has come near us, but never passed. Promise that we shall speak of it again."—Ellen Maclcubin. iu the "New York Tribune." i 