! METROPOLITAN NOTES. T1IE ALL ABSORBING TOPIC. 01 coarse there lias been but one subject of conversation during the last week or ten days, and that subject is tho first test match ami all that pertuued to it. It has spread ever everything else, shouldered all com petitors ruthlessly aside and reiffned with absolute and undisputed sway, Erery norr auu uirain somebody writes to tho papers to : that tho popular intcrost in cricket is waning, and thereupon the usual news* paper correspondence seta in. Bat as soon ai a great cricket carnival haila in sight, all id«as of this kind are simply annihilated, instead or a docadence popular interest in cricket seems to be growing, and it was never more intense and pronounced than over tho just completed match. The inn rupoha fairly rose at it. *Ust tho inclement weather was the topic, then camo the much c/tspufed postponement with all the p5^i bili'.ies o£ a criiis between the high contend mg psrties, and finally tho snitch itself with its sensations, ami, it may be added, its dis appointments. As to the great question of tne postponement, it is not by auy means as clcMPoiio way or tho other as tho disputants would tnak'.'. out. Xhe Cricket Association is supposed to control crickot in this colony as the A.J.O. docs racing. But the ground is vested in certain trustee*, who by virtue or their tiuit ate the uromotcrs and financial guarantors of the tour of tho Euglisli team, bach oi the?e hodios, betweon whom thoreis a l>mg m antling grudge, claims that the right to determine a postponement rests with it, ttmle a strong contingent of those who aro versed m crickctting love stoutly maintain that it rests entirely with the umpires, and tnat it amounts to a flagrant violation of tho ntbi of cricket for anybody eh:e to interfere. To add to tho luterest as welt as tho com ple-Mtyof the situation, .Mr. Carruthors. v.-ho as Minister for Lauds has a teohnioal r j^it t > ruo _that tho trust of the ground ia properly administered, has sailed in with a eh.ir;u'tvi ibtically vigorous and pointed minute, in which he practically told the jrnstei's that they bad usurped functions not btflouguiR to them and that if thoy didn't mind he, as Minister, would assort bis authority. Quite undismayed the trustee* Mr. Carrtttbers to '' miad his own busi n^s, . and show no sign of retreating from tit-; portion they had takeu up. Although nothing eni revoke tbo postponement now it is generally thought, and it may be added hoped, in etjck^tir.g circles, that the dis pure will lead to ;\ better delimitation of the ? pcctivu spheres of authority oftheTrus :5 and the Association, and if it docs this will put an end to a grievance that ia almost hoiry with age, though it has only no.v and n-a»i made itself visible to the public, feiuto, however, of all ;ho back talk that the various parties have boon throwing at one another per medium of a presa eager tor such C'nj.y, u was a noticeable feature at tho match that the unnecessarily acrimonious controversy did not ptoyout them fraternrs* ing in the members' pavilion oil apparently tile very best of terms. A OAY SPECTACLE. Whether the postponement was right or « V'Uig it at least had this iu its favoi that it secured absolutely perfect weather for the match. Under ibo iufluence of tins prime factor, the sceue was simply superb. The ground was a most refreshing green, there was a nice rool breeze that kept tho many pmced of bunting gently extended and added to the comfort of both players and spectators, while the immense and gaily dressed throng thai circled.all round added tho lastelemeut m a moat- successful event. All tho pavilions and standa were picked, not a sent could bo found vacant, and hundreds o£ ladies stood for hours watching the match, offering un assailable evidence of the prevailing passion. Looking over the masses of liumanitv, the most conspicuous feature was the brilliaut display of color. Fashion this year is in the direction of bright colors and striking con trails, ^nd the sunny weather had permitted the ladies to di-play their millinery to thoir heart 3 content. Ami the result wag both pleasing and striking. Every where there were musses of brighteolor, but especially iu tho ladies pavilion, which viewed from n little distance looked liko a giant bed of variegated paiuies, for littlo else could bo seen but tho brilliant head gear of the occu> Pauls. Next to it is the members' paviliou. and marvellous was the contrast it presented' The sombre clothing of tie maleattire looked positively melancholy and terribly prosaic by comparison with tho wealth of color in tho adjoining enclosure sacred to Eve's many and charming daughters. .Monday was tho great day, iDto it was pourod the pent up expectancy of the postponement period, but Tuesday was <.niy atrille behind in attendance and nothing at alt in other respects, while con.Mdiiiinr the way tho game went the attend ance throughout was good. That it would have been somewhat larger at tho finish had the contest been a closer ono is very proba ble, but ilia catiso for wonderment is that so many thousands of people manage to get away from the exchange and mart, from ollico and shop, and do sowithijuitc religious regularity <iny after day. It.VNJI, Aroferouco to tho cricket matoh without, something: about Kanjitsinhji would bo as Hamlet without tho ghost. Tho groat bats man's stylo has been so often dosoribed that there is littlo fresh to bo said. Ho is extremely cool-listless almost, and rotainds one very much of a cat toying in liausuroly sitisfaotion with u mouse. There ia a gentlo, hali-sloepy mrtitlereueo until tho viotim vontnroa a bolt for life-and then a inomontary Hash of nervous energy, a lightning stroko of tho paw and ail instant return to the condition of purring non ohalance. And so it is with tho Indian I'rmce. Ho seems lanquidly, thongh graoo fulJy indifferent, a kind of eriokoting grand flaneur, tapping a bull here and thoro and sauntering from wickot to wicket-until lika tho oat in tho simile, thoro is a oall for notion Then i; comes sudden and brilliant liko an in spiration, with an instant return to tho (iesurely mood which it interrupted. Most men warm to their work, but suoh a thinK can never be trutlifuiiy taid of Ranii for throughout the picco, batting or fielding ho present-: tho same general appearance of lanqmd uuconceru punctuated by sharp de cisive and etlective actions. Apart from this a striking feature iu his batting ia thit his strokes all stem la to. When with another batsmen tho ball would bo speeding across (ho ground, Kanji ia just hitting it. At first this create iu tho spectalor an idea that ho ia almost in trouble with tho howling, but it 1 duoau't taiio long to recognise that this is his play, and that the infinitesimal period of timo which his sure cyn nnd quick hand enablo him to steal beforo deciding upon hi3 stroke is largely responsible for his position us premier bat.imau of to-day. By tho way, it is s rather curious coiueidoucothat his two big. gest scoiea in Australia hnvo been mado at a time when ho has been in poor health. At Adehiidi'it ivas aunounced that ho had not recovered from tho elVeots of potions aea siok ness which aileefed him all iho voyage, and Uiat no was almost too weak to play. Vet ha put 1S:> together as hi? contribution io tho opening match against South Australia. And now afte; spending tho tnojor part of tho last fortnight iu bed, and his medioal advisers bomg in doubt up to tho Inst moment whether or not ho ought to play, ho makos another phenomenal score, and ouly that ho wnsovid entl^ tiring and bont ou finishiugthoinnincra, ho could have added to tho merit of bia por formauco by c:.nying his bat out. Judging from this coincidence, it will bo much bettor for tho Australians to moot Hanji when ho is iu good health, than when ho is ouly hnlf out of the doctor's hands. POLITICO'. In viow of the recent action of tho Couu cil aud its inevitiblo influence on tho rapidly approaching general elrction, the political situation would have como in for a good doal of attention, but for the overshndowing im* pyr(.«K'c of iho cricket match. Nobody o* peels a mere constitutional crisis to couipetc with n tust match in public iiitorest. II simply isn't in it, and politicians and thoir doiugs liavo temporarily at Jeitst, been for gotten. It lms been suggested however, that Mr. Heid might appeal to tho country on the great .jucstion, and not a few express tho confident opinion that if ho did an intensely exciting election with a eotrespondingly big poll would result. However though, poli ticians have been forgotten, they are not for getting, and a good ileal of quiet spoculation -net of a metallic kind-is being indu'ged in. Many think Mr. Ueid should have gotto to the country at cncc; others liowover, hold that his morn deliberate and Well-ordered plan is best both for public business and tho party supporting tho Government. Hut whatever other ditl'ereucen of opiniou exist thoro is a marked agreement that thn Oouu< oil's action must greatly assist' tho Govern ment at the coming election. That Sir. licid will omerge from tho contest victorious has long boon held a certainty, but tho claim of the Upper llouso to interfere in tho taxation policy of tho country, is regarded as ensuring him a further three-year's term ot oliieu, sin oeokol- titnns', Uue of tho sources of tho blrengtb ot tho present adniimstralwu is Hie notorious wetik npsa of the Opposition. This h recognised in both political camps-iu ono with eatisfac. tion, in the other with apologetic regret, Ito recognition has induced effort,,, to strengthen tlio leadership of tho Opposition, and Sir Georgo Dibbs and 3SJr, E. Jf, O'Connor havo 