MslfiKL -*3 w^ [?] Tnis ghoat of Butler (liko tliut of Bunquo) 'will not down.' It is con tinually popping up, ami ovory timo it pops it causoB troublo. For tlio second time it lma mado tho Staii'h proaaoa ' biasing hot,' and now, iiidod and abutted by curtain 'Frisco freaks, it in trying to mako uinltora cqunlly Bultry for tlio Trea sury. Such boing thoenso, Brunker the Bluasod should at ouco ami himsolf with bull, book, nnd cnndlo, and ' lay tho ghoat,' for if it ia causing aa much troublo in the other world aa it ia in this, ono of ,Tn-;lc Want's hot-tfimporod ancestors may ' riao in Ilia placo,' wherever that ia, and Bay, ' Fellow Shudos I I propo'so that tho lluincurnn tion Department bo immediately ordorod to pack tlio aoul of this aggravating 'lion into tho next body to bo born and aund it buck to whoro it camo from, together with n stiff bill of coats for tlio entertainment it iiaa received and tho mischief it has caused ovor here.' Attornoy-Uimornl Want's auggostion to mako America a prouuut of all our mur derers who OBCupo to hot* shores is a good one, and it inepirea mo with tho happy thought that it would now bo a capital tiling to dig llutlor up and Bond him ncroaa to 'Frisco in payment of tho modest little, bill just aorvod upon ua. That would bo rv ' Inko dowu' for tlio folk who sooiu to havo looked upon llutlor aa a prlzo lamb which had been BpcoiiUly aoiifc to them for ' slikinniu',' * ? ? My notion ought to stand h law toat too, for it ia baBod on tho following, fuefc. Aboub n yuar ngo an innoceub man in Mulbourno was committed for trial on a ohm-go of robbery. A friend wont auroty for hia np pcarauco at tho noxb Aasissoa to the luno of .C100, but on tho day of his rolonso tho accuaed rolonaod himsolf Etill further by cutting hia throat, ? * * Thou tho long asm of tho law swoopoct* dowu on the bondsman, and ho was ordorod to step into Court and plank down a ' cuutury ' in cold cash. Instead of doing that, howiivcr, ho cauiu along with a coffin, dumped it down buforo the Bonch and said : ' Aly bond stipulates that I must; produce tho onions, or body of my frioud, Woll' (pointing to tho cofllti), ' there's your bloHsud ' uorpua,1 and now you cau jolly woll bury it, for my responsibility is ovor.' Thon tho legal light bogan, of courao, bub tho bondsman came out on top, and tho Court waa glad to plant tho 'corpus' and lob tho matter drop. Tho Stab's miafortuno rominda 1110 thub ivhon tho Evknincj News wub cromntod n cortain Sydney newspaper proprietor waa so badly soared that ho at ouco gavo an unreasonably livvgo order for five oxtln QUIahorB, of tho haud-grouado pattern, to bo supplied and fixed up all ovor his eatab liahmout, Whuu tho job waa ilnisliotl a workman poked his head into tho railing roporter'B room and said 1 'Wu'vo dis tributed tho ili'o extinguishers vory frooly, but there's still a dozen ovor. 'What Bhnll wo do with thum P' ? ? » Tho\bipstor toyod with hia carnation mouatacho and thought vory hard for a fow momenta — thought of tho heavy work and' light pay blmti full to hisi lob, and then said: ' Woll, I bullovo in placing things whoro they will do tho moat good myaolf, and bo 1 think you had butler keep those flro aq\iolchora until tho bosa dieu, and thon you oau call round and Blow thorn lu his coflln.' A colornd clergyman during Ihn courno of a call uiudu to ono of tho blackest of hlii black uhei'p, aakudi ' Do the pooplo nux' duor keep chickens ?' And utter duo de liberation tho conaoiontioun coon cautiously ruplicd 1 ' Wai — ah — doy kuupu au»io 00 duiu I' Brother Drunker noted and spoke with nimilav pnuloneo tho other night, for when badgered ovor tho holy ahow ho mado of tlio Uovoi'innonl; in regard to tho Sunday dosing tomfoolery ho wriggled out of tho trouble by saying: 'All laws inuub bo adniinititorod witli a certain amount of flexibility.' Wo muut keep aomn of thorn ? — ufipuuially thono whloh may holp to kcop tho Uod- fouring Government in jiowor. ? » * Rumor nnyii (and porhupu lioo whon nho dooa no) that a ooriuiu Colonial j.'rimilor, whilo holding up liia ond of a blnjlo. bursting bunqnot-board in London, turnod to hhi neighbor and said 1 'Tiiiu wlno wo'ro puninhin' now in tho real ntlngo. 'What d'yo civil it ? Wlmb'u tho brand r « * * Tim party nddromioil hupponod to_ bo rv gay Pflrlamn, who, an ho uuid liimiwlf ? '? ' ?—-- ? -—.::- ? . — r.:z. ? ...zzz ' did nob muko much speak of 20 Inglcoso,' bub ho guosaed that somo allusion waa being mado to tho tipple, and bo he smiled and said : ' O'csl exquia' (ib ia excel lent). 'Oh I it's 'Exkoy,' ia it?' returned tho ropreaontativo Australian. 'Here, waiter, bring mo another bottlo of 'Exkoy.' Wo don't get ' Exkey ' evory day whoro I came from.' » ? ? Curiosity ia ofton common dable, and (should rocoivo its meed of oncounijjomonfc. Bub it doesn't, and this Bad fact waa brought homo ton young budding aciontist who was brought up at tho Court tho other day, and sternly aakod why he had skinned a livo rabbit. Ho muat bo a good and oxtromoly pro miaing young man — a sort of cross bo twumi Georgo Washington and Darwin — for he replied : 'I cannot tell a lio about' fcho matter. I did ukiu tho rabbit alive j but I only wanted to see if tho littlo boggur could run without hia hido on.' Such nn onthuBiustio young lover of Natural History should huvoboon publicly complimented upon hia zeal, bub a sordid Bunch madoit'JJ2 or a month,' and tho making of an Australian Duffon was nipped in tho bud. Tho troublo of tho Luoknow miners ro calla a couplo of good anecdotes touching tho strained rotations between Labor and Capital. Tho first Rtory(toll8 of an honuab Irish worker who wont to tho, newly-im- ported lSnglisli 'oxport' who waa mia maiiagiug a minu in tho nmml fool-hoad fashion of ?'oxports,' and said: ' Oi'm thlukiii' we'll be wantin' a grutn dulo of powdher for tho noxht blasht, nor,' 'Indeod,' ropliod tho high and mighty nianagor. ' And, pray what Iiaa happonod to load you to form that opinion ? ' 'Oh, nothing much, sor,' replied tin; miner) ' only that; granchorn cousin av yours thab you've put in uhargo of the diamoud-dhrill Iiaa got tho thing llxod upside down, an' boi gorra, it's boriu' holes in the bloouiin' air ho is at this present minit.' Many a mine that would, under proper manago muni, prove a second Mount Morgan, haa had ita prospouts ruined by the imported know-nothing 'oxport' and tho family ' grauehorna ' whom ho pitchforked into responsible positions. » ? « Tho next story runs to tho effect that a man engnged in some sort of foundry work was carted to tho hospital, and after iv careful examination of hia cast) tho houao surgeon said: 'You woro not vory much hurt about tho body by tho explosion, bub there la a piece of iron embedded in your head that may cause some trouble.' And thim. tho aufferer sat up and excitedly said: 'There's n bit of iron planted in my liead, la there P Wol.l, for Xltuvvon's snko don't let them know that at tho shop, or tho foremau'll dock tho priuo of that iron, oub of my week's wages I ' Tho boat of tho bnndlo, however, is fcho talo which tolls of a lob of men who wero hard at work 011 a big railroad job, whon suddenly a torriblo landslip occurred, nnd ''for aomo little timo everything was dirb and dust and diro confusion, Presently a loud cry was hoard: 'Tho monl the men I Count tho mon and aeo who aro missing 1' Bub tho boss oC tho job was a practical, cold-blooded bruto, who know that tlio Labor Bureau could always bo depended upon to koop him supplied with ohonp workers, and so ho raised his rough voioo over tho diu and bollowed back: 'D — 11 tho uioul Couub tho blanky whoolbivrrows 1' Tho rotiromout of Mr. Potor Horborb from tho Governorship of tho 'JLIotol Darllnghurab ' reminds me of au anocdoto the lato John Longford — once recorder, DarliughmatGoal — used bo tolt concerning John Lovott, who roau from wardor to bo hoftd of tho Darlinghurst prison. « * ' r LoTott, who had a nico voln of dry humor in his composition, was onoo usked why liu nover want to the Rundwiok raoaa, 'Ivivndwiolt I' ropliod Lovett, in hia ouato mary drawling touo. 'Now, look lioroj whon I go away from tho gaol I liko to haro n. holiday — not a ' busman's holiday,' bub a roal holiday. I did go to tho Kaudwick raoua once, somo years ago, bub I naw bo many familiar faceH bheru that I couldn't help thinking I was on gaol duty all tho timo.' It haa toon naid that man ia in count louH waya constantly allowing hia vaut Biipnrioriby ovor woman, And in inipjiort of thin aMiiortiou wo hoar tho exclamation : ' What oowaidn womeu nro when there in a guu or pintol in their vicinity I' They will thon cover their fauna with their hiMida and suriiam : 'Oh, goodness I' and ' Oh, don't I' and ' Oh, for ineroy'n iialtol' and uhiver liko u pilo of jnc.uio iolly, ovou though the weapon handled bo without look, ntook, or barrol, and r.tnnu women will oven bogin to toll you with bated breath about a man who onco blow out hin wifo'a braiuu with a bow and arrow, With a man tho cano in wholly difforonfc, of coiiriio. A mnn will piolc (\p a ilrcnrni that ho known nothing whatever about, cook ((?, pen]) down t;lu- tiarrol to unn if tho thing iu loaded, give it a nhako to rattlo up llii contents), and thon biff I bang 1 bung I Mom work for tho uiuUn'UUor, Oh,yo!i| man In oonulantly ' iihowlng hin viuit ou])oriority ovor woman,' ovon though ho hiuin't iieunn onough to jump 011 a chair, and grab hold of hin anltleu when a raging, blood-thiruty momio ruiihiiu acronsi a room. All tho uanio, liovvovor, whon a mivn poi 11(11 iv guu, pintol, or rovolvor nb you, fcho correct thing to do In to 'floor' liim flrnb ' nnd then enqidrn about, tho contenlu of tho woupou if you ploauo, 