BIANCA LOVE STORY. ïi was in a pretty, old-fashioned ooantry churchyard that I heard the foftbtoiog story. Tbe sexton had been at work ara little dis tance, but hs observed the interest with which I had stopped to gaze npon a straight shaft of white marble, on which was cat the simple inscription, ' Bianca Horelli, aged 17.' ' I never beheld a prettier girl,' said he ; ?eyes so big and dark and shiny; a com plexion like ivory, and the reddest. lips. She was a fine figure of a girl, too ; tall and elegant, though slight; and the regular blue-black hair that I've heard belongs co that kind of beauty. Her family oonsUtrd of an uncle and aunt, and their son, to whom she was engaged to be married, and whom she seemed to hate worse than poison. ' It isn't likely that I would ever have known the family affairs of folks so far above me, even in a oountry place like this, where everything gets talked of, more or less, but for the circumstance that I pos sessed a nephew, who was about the hand somest young fellow that ever the sun shone upon. He was as fair as the Signorina Morelli was dark ; his eyes were blue, like violets, and his hair like gold ; and, bless you, sir, when these two young people first saw each otber it was es clear a oase of love at first sight as any otber Romeo and Juliet, and jnst as natural as the flame between fire and tow. 'My nephew-his name was Reginald, and we called him Bex for short-was the organist of the little ohurch over yonder, and the young lady sang in the choir, though she was such a grand one. ' In that way the two yonng people first met. and their acquaintance progressed rapidly, as you may suppose. The cousin to whom the Signorina was engaged used to come to church with her. I reckon that Italian fellow loved the girl in his fierce way as well as he could ever love anything, though it was thought he cared most about her money. ' Of course he was ap jealous as a Turk, and if looks could have killed, poor Bex would not have lived long to be bis rival. But neither my brave Bex nor Miss Bianca cared a bit for the Signor's black looks, and then, yon must know, the young lady never really agreed to the engagement. It was all made up by her relatives, and she always declared Bte would die rather tSaU marry hor cousin, declaring boldly that she loved Bex Haywood, and would never marry any other man. ' And one day, with his bright face shin ing with triumph and merriment, Box hurried away to the church to practise his musio for the next Sunday. But it was a very different music that he played when that sad day came, for on the very next morning I toiled the bell for Bianca Morelli, who had been found cold and still and white when her maid entered to dress her for breakfast. This was a Friday, and the funeral was set for Sunday, and you may be sure, in a place like this, there wai plenty of talk about the sudden death and the hurried burial. ' But my nephew-poor Bex !-said noth ing. He seemed turned to stone, but he played the most beautiful music that ever was beard in out church for the funeral ser vice of the girl he loved ; and, though they wouldn't allow him to go near the grand mahogany coffin in the church, I took care he should help me to lower it into the grave, and he stood beside me and dropped a great bunch of red roBes down on to it as I began to shovel in tbe earth. ' Well, well, my poor Rex 1 I hope I may never see such a face of despair again ; and as I glanced at him from time to time I felt sure that his would be the next grave I should AU in. ' It was late that night, and I was just thinking of going to bed, though Bex hadn't come home ; and I was mighty uneasy about him, when I heard the click of the door downstairs as It opened and shut, and then I recognised his step, quick and hurried, as he cams upstairs-not a bit like tbe slow, drag ging steps of tbe last two nights, but even fighter and quioker than it used to ba ; and I hadn't done wondering when the door opened, and the next moment he was beside me-wild, haggard, pale as death, and with his great blue eyes almost starting from hia bead! Tm not a nervous man, but I jumped up, worse scared (ban if 1 bad seen a ghost. Be'ore I could utter a word, for my voice failed me, Bex caught me hard by the arm and whispered hoarsely ' Don't speak, uncle, but just listen. Bianca isn't dead. I hope and believe sbe is not dead! Look (-read!' and he held 'before my eyes a sorap of paper, on which was scrawled these words : *1 Hex, my darliug, if I die, cr seem to die, believe them not!' Have me taken from the co (Hu within twelve hours of my burial,- and all may yet be well: Ton will not fail me, dearest. Adieu 1 * BUVM.' ' I read this extraordinary message over mote than once before I took in its meaning, but aa it flashed on me, I saw BS well as Rex how little time we had to lose, and I fore, stalled his words. . Come on, in Heaven's name !' I whis pered: ' It must be close on twelve o'clock, and as safe as it will pver be for such a work. Fortunately, it's a pitch black night, and all the moon there was has gone hours ago. Come on !' . While I spoke I found a little dark lantern, and we were already descending the stairs, and next moment we ware stealing through the churchyard, with my pick and shovel in hand, which I had caught up aa we passed by the outhouse where I had kept them. It was terrible- work ; but in lesa time than I had ever used aapade before the newIy-maOe grave was opened, the coffin rifled of its precious contents, which Bex and I carried to our home, wrapped up in a bugs shawl which I had brought tor the purpose. 1 iib, my ! But it was the uncanniest night's work that ever I did since the hour I was born ! We laid the body on my bed, and we chafed the cold, whit« hands, and listened in vaia st the pulseless heart. Bnt I saw no sign of lif». Sbe was as beautiful as a figure of alabaster and es lifeless, for aught that I could see ; but Bex declared that shs was not dead. 'Bo, as it .waa neoeatary that I should rotors *be empty éà^mU^iâ^i^pmfej *g»iuilwaMobiimitoUaivahith thara, ea tuTkneeaj*üty»ltatas- tte ; poor, HMUI bandi «¿a calling on *er *o ¡ «fen lier Isvely ey« <o eoe lier loree by j ber. Butl hadnohope that auytiiiug but .one fearful tremble would «ame of li, and marvelling and terrified aa to what nngftt be the end of&e; business, I hastened away, tu tbs vork that awaited me. ,'Bot they were right, and like a stupid old maa I waa wrong ; for when I returned the trsnoe-like sleep was broken, and the soul bad awakened within that apparently lifeless form,«nd the lovera sat holding faon other's banda, her head resting on Us shoulder, while he «ought to «aim tba fearful agitation which bad Mom possession of her now that she began to realise the horror of all that had happened. . Ml that was a brave girl and a story writer might 911 a volume with her history and ail abe went through in those few months from the time of her first meeting with Bex till this awful night. Bat I must «ut it abort, for the night is coming on. To be brief, tuen. She bad nevar told Sex half, or indeed a tenth part, of what she antlered with those wicked rclationa of hers, especially the cousin who wanted to marry her. ' At last their persecution reached a point when she could bear no more, and «he dis covered a plot by which she waa to 'Se hur ried away to Italy, unknown to anyone, and she knew wall that she would never see Bax again in fbi* world if this plan should be carried ont. ? She waa in despair. . The Italian saw that she had discovered the plot, and «he was immediately locked in her room, all communication with the outer world cut off. Even ber maid waa in the pay of ber relatives, aa she knew, but the girl seemed to love her personally, and, driven to the'laat extremity, sha fourni her self obliged to make a confidant'of tat, and to trust her life to this girl's discretion. 'She proved worthy, and gave her entire assistance to her young mistress. They con cocted the desperate plan, which, by mean» of gome mysterious Italian drug, they managed to carryout, with such rajsult as I have described ; and while I waa sHlTlisten ing to a story more wonderful than any romance I had ever read, this same faithful servant joined na. 11 found the door open,' she said to tba Signorina, ' add blaring voices, knew all waa . well, and came directly here.' % '-But it waa easy to see from the .young liayS agitation that all wai not"well? fjflgf* guessed that if some change was not; coining soon she waa in danger of dyingft«Snert from exitetnent and conséquent exhaustion. My mind waa speedily made np. I knew our good minister to ba one good man picked out of ten thousand, and I waa soon at his hedsid.;, telling him the whole story while I helped him to dress. 'Ncvai- have I seen a man more dazed : but he socu took in the situation, and helped us out of our perplexity. He went with me directly, and a special license was obtained at once by Hex, so that next day the young couple w^re. married and driven by me (in the minister's oue-horse carriage) to a dis tant railway station, where they took the first train for bondon. ' Of course I nesd not say that Maria, the maid, accompanied them. She had proved herself invaluable in bringing clothes for bor mistress, and a box of valuable jewels on which Bex rained a large snm of money when they reached London. . The next day there was a great hue and cry over the disappearance of Maria, whom the Italians called a thief and a monster ot ingratitude: but they never suspected the real cause of the girl's running away. All thia happened years ago, sir ; but I hear from my nephew now that bis wife l's st length so strong and well that they are feing to make their appearance before the talian cousin and claim the Signorina's great fortune, which that villain Eal been enjoying ever since bia return to Italy. ' I don't doubt but there will be a.great time over it, bnt we will be able to prove our story-for there ia the empty coffin below there, and the living occupant ; mjaelf, who played such an important part ; and. the minieter who married them, thank Heaven 1 is still alive and hear'y. And now good evening, air ; I've my work to finish, but I suppose you don't wonder now that Haugh when I look ai that handsome white marble headstone!'-W. STOSB. 