CURING'f~ OAXTON. / Ned Clarton was the bully of the works. A fair hand at his trade and regular as the clock, te had been promoted to the position of ft-- rc. rman in the moulding-shop, vested with a little seal and much Imaginary authority. Ned had i never been a favourite with any of the hands 2 for a sourer or more tetchy mortal never drew wage at Cranelca Works. His elevation made r him intolerable. It was a nine diys'wonder at I the works that so gentle a rise in the industrial a sceale could have given any sane creature. so in- r flated an idea of his own importance as that b which' Claxton possessed after-beingsraised to \- the.position of. foreman.. H He was one of those: a wholbelieve that authority is meant to be exer.-' 'cied,-so was very prodigal in his use of such 1i as lay in his hands. The 'prentice-boys abhorred him, whilst the b older. men -would have disdained to kick him. He was snappish and overbearing. without a thoughtsave that of getting the work out of hand as quickly and cheaply as he could. And in this, it may be chronicled as matter of fact, that be was less suce ssful than old Dave Illaitland, who preceded him,-or young Bob Crewdson who followed him. r Both were quiet and methodical, but the moulding-shop prospered under each of them. Claxton wasn't always a bully. Before he a gave the job up he.chnged, and it was Bob Crewdson who cnanged him.. Bob's treatment , nearly gave Claxton his final promotion-or degradation. But that's the story. - t Bob was a strapping young fellow of twenty. .?two..: smart- and steady, with a head full of Il \- techalt l school. and an :rrepresible desire tq 9 get on. 'He bhad eg'red his time-at the Crane; :lea Works, and bhal laid o.ne of the preprietors T under a debt of g'b'.ttude to him, so was rec garded as being pecusrly- " well in ' with hi the managenmen. How ob had doneohimselt hi a good turn was by taving the liWe of Norman Vestleigh. son or Charlnev Normas s VestlCeigh, hi one of the proprietors and managing director of the works. Norman. a frolicsome iadlol l1 nineteen, was in the titting-shop 'learning the business.: Bob and he had beoei auttached tc b each other.' ?One hot .oly afterimoo No-rman had slipped out ti.have a. dip. in t:eworks al reservoir. He was a poorswimmer, and after o swimmingintosdeep water became exhausted, ci His cries for help brought the hands out of the h moulding-shop en ma.ser. eeing a head in the C reservoir,'Bob Crewdson dashed into the water and after a hard struggle deposited Normane rr : Westleigh on th. bank, more dead than alive. fi For which action Charles Norman Westleigh ri and his son were ever after grateful. The a attachmett between Bob and Norman grew a stronger. S ' ' Generous and true-hearted, Bob. Crewdson n detested'Claxton " He's a disgrace to the h .worka." he would say. " If I were principal 1'd Sclear him in twenty minutes:": Claxton-learned e of the mutinous thoughts and fcelings which :possessed Bob Crewdson, and vo.ild lesdly have o kicked'him out of the place. Rlut Claxtou's s authority fell short of any sunmmary execution a or disrating of Crewdson. And each of them knew:it. c4 -.The.latest addition to the large staff of the C 'Craneles' Works was a wisp of .a boy namet d reter. He was a wee, bllue-ed laddie, with b hair as soft and Itght as Iar, and, accorditg.lo the best information to hand, was nohedy's child. .. He was 13, had come out of an orphan. ti age, and was living with an old woman whvre to principal meanus of livclihhood was an old- ft fashioned and creaky mangle. Peter had comet sl into the works to make his liviug, like a man. . Claxtou bullied the boy until he cried from a sheer bewilderment. One cold and stormy day C Claxton sent Peter out for his own dinner. On ,getting back, Peter tripped over an iron bar b which lay on the door at the moulding-shop, al and in an instant Claxton's dinner mingled with the black sadnd andthe frogmenta of the plates h +..,-- Oreh bid coaeWsed i A .- tru, 1ah b-1roke ': nvoluuntrlltyrrmtea- men' asn they observed ill S.the disaster, and three r.f them ran to the aid. ol of little Peter. Claxton grew black as thunder. P Storming at the lad for.being a clumsy youns fool he administered to him a heavy eoff abielli stretched him a second time on the sand. "'Ere." he growled. " Go right back to my. C house and bring some more" dinner, and let mwe eee you throw that away and I'll sack you. Gq i on, you little fool t!" It was raining hard. Peter who had on but a thin " slop "' jacket, bobbled away, rubbing his leg. Three quarters of an hour later he hobbled back again with the fresh dinner, wet to the skin. At night the lad went home chilled to the marrow. took to his bed, and remained in it for nearly a month, tenderly cared for by the old mangle woman. " The scramp wants shooting for treating the kil in that way," sain Bob Crewdson, learning that little Peter was at home struggling with a d fever brought on by expesure to the rain. "III b pay him off for that somehow, or my name isn't Crewdson." he aidded-evagely. At half- past five e'lock that night Bot Crewdson and NormanWestleigh we°robserved in' suhdued esoersation in the engine-hoose. h Crewdson was explaiiningsomething to N'orman, c the youth occasoonally interrupting him with a sl query or objection upon some point,and Crowd Ron pausing to argue or make the matter plain. p By six o'clock a scheme, mutually approved of, had been devised. " 1 wquldn't like to get-the scoundrel the I 'sack,' though he deserves it msaid:Bob Crewd. so en,as they were on the point of parting for't e nigrs. - Y. ein oe quits witn Otlm though. see if we're not." b Like most bulli s, Ned Claxton was at heart an arrant coward. S:It was the knowleige of this that led Bob C.rerdseon to determine almost to !'.frighten . the life out of him." or his harsh tretmenot of the hands in general, and of little Peter in par ticular. -It- was sit o'elock on the mo.ingebut one after Crewdson and Norman 'Westleigh had plotted tcgether in tto engi'e-honse.- Ned Cl?ton z nhad just entered the works with a con sequential air. Bob CJrewdson, h?inds ,int .,poknto.and the very picture of nonchalant in tS.di"em m n~sonbsd hi.nsr, r. , *" ornm'." growled Ciartoi, ca ritmg airon . temptnos look on the young moclder. Bob Crewdo'u eisrted back. HiB iands rose before him as a look of alarm overspread his " What's to do with you ?n" said Claxton I greffly, with an oath. S" Good hesavos ! What's th.e matter. with oJ, Nd ? exclaimed Crewdosn, gaineg with a startled took into Claton's eyes. eClaxton turned pale. " Wha-what's to do Pr he ask, seth terror in tone and features. "?Why- youu're hke a corpse, man. Go and look in the glass in the office. What's the mat : ter with you ? " '" Newt as I know of," came a shaky reply; as Clarton, now hardly able to walk steadily. ' passed on. \- Approachiog the moulding- shop he encoun fered Jake Graingecr, a moulder. Joke stopped -:..stepped backward, and stared into Clauton's fna with a laok of blank asonishment. • What's up ? " asked Claxtlon hordly nlile to artinelate a word. " Are you bad, Nod ? " was the answer, with simulated concern. " Not as I'm aware of. Why ? " " You look more fit for bed than work. If I were you I'd see the doctor. MIan ! You are white as a sheet." \- .Grnmbling an incherent something. Ned Cluxton staggered on. Work had started. Clasxton had occasion to go to the engine- houns. Harry Redfern the driver ws cleaning np, after oiling and storliog the ei.ine. He tarcid ar I Claton entered.and innedinately cat upon himss a look of amazement. a What's the matter with you, Ned ?P" he pked, gazing intently at Clixton. .:',, "Nothing , Why ?" came the answer, as . - -bsd-?'to keseps brave front under thsth hirtd attack. " You do look bad. You're, as pale as death." • ' Am I ?"retorted Clxton, breaking down gai'n.' 'You are that. If I were you I would go home and go to bed. There's summat on you. Nowt like taking a thing of that sort in time." Claxton thought so. Muttering an incoherent reply, with a cuErory glance round the place he passed out ,ain. He was inexpressibly miser able. - Something must be the matter with him he thought. -Something was the matter with him. : IIc'ould' feel it. 'Aftetr .an. iinleess ialkbaround thoewores, he arrivcI at the fittiung-ihop;, ,:He:hbadno imrmme dtate ,lusinotisb there, yet .he' entered and looked around Tie. -haLis-were. at ? work Norman 't estleigh had startId ad nisaw him as he came in. As Claxton neared, Nor. man stopped his worke a?d .ent toi-?rds him. " Ne-d ! " exclaimed Non.an in alarm., " What in the ame o goodnes has come ?ur you ? You are as pale as deAth, are you ill ? ! '' Only n mddling like this morning," wasthe ausw.r. 't You do look Ihad. ',d seo be doctor at once if I were you. Dorsn't he look bad b ,I .Theqleory..waesoaddreisediidefinitely; to the men near.. "'R He does that," was the reply of voices in unison S" Seo.the, doctor," said Norman W?ntleigh, with a penetrating gaze into Cloaton's face. " 1-I neoa to." was the reply, as Claxton turned from the fitting shop, ' Huo could stand: no lpore of it. A moment later he re-entered thefationgshoop and stag. gored up to Normran Weatleigh. ''"I'rn? oin?ndloe," hesaid," in ehaky tones. Tellthem.1'm ill. wll you, Norman ? " " I'11 tell them," said Norman, lowering bi' head to hide the twinkle which was playing in his eye. Before Claxton reached the door of the works he was stopped by a fireman. "Whatever'sthe matter with you, Ned ? You look as pale as.a, ghost," was the salutation. " Bad : " was the answer. " Going home, bad." Claxton passed out, rant home and to bed, and 'orderad.iis.wife to; bnrg the doctor rm mediately: .His pale, anxious.face was e ififfi cient answer to her loo?of inquiry. Ilis'wife hurried away. In hn hour the doctor stood by Claxton's bedside. SThait .thre was something wrong with the man the doctor felt convinced when he had finished his ex mination. ".In tun truthinully reported that he ;elt too ill to'talk or eat or dot anything. As to to the precise nature of the aslmentthe doctor was as ignorant' as a child. So he prescribed a simple medicine, gave a number of wise, hygienic instructions and took his departure. On the following Friday Norman Westleigh entered the -roulding - shop at thre o'clock in the afternoon in a state of high excitement. Walking up to Bob Crewd.. son; he motioned to hinm to come butside. ..Bob accompanied hinm to ooietcoroer of the works. " Bob," said Norman, with e'reigned con cern, " what in: Hearve's name are we to do ? Claxton'sdying. It's afact. 'hey've just sent down to the ofclce to asy ao. We've frightened him to death." ' Bosh I'" exclaimed Crewdson scornfully, " "t's true as gospel. Hie w?oreed himself to pieces. He's dying. They don't know what to make of it, only that he's ill and about done' for. If ha dies and itsets outr we're in for man slaughter. Do you unde.stand ?" " Get me'hisaddress, and tell them I've gone np to see him. I'll mae that all right," said Crewdson confidently. An hour later Bob Crewdson stood by' the bed-side of Ned Claxton. For once Bob was alarmed. Claxtoon appeared to be dying. "Ned !"he exclaimed, grasping the sick man's hand. "?hvno. done .iththi'efooling .,You're. ill was all a . pit-ip job.' 'Wet did it topay you off for being so snarlv and brutal with little Peter. You wanted floggmng, you mean scamp. Now turn out and come to wok. and behave yourself like a man. You're as well as I am." ` Bob Crewdson told the whole story to Mre' Ciaxton and Mrs. Claxton toel it to the doctor. The doctor looked nrave, and then rated Clax ton soundly for bsing sfool. W1hereipon Clax-; ton commenced ionstantiy to get btter for very; spite and percersity. On the fol!owing Mtondsy morning N'ed Clarton turned uv at the wotks at the custom ary hour. He was changed b`th in looks and: manner. The knowledge that he would there after be the laughino-ters k ,f the Crauelen a Works was an intolerable hordz: to him. Every; vestige of. tyranny Iaed hc.n eradicated from, him, and he might have wurke.i on bravely on-, til he hod *ada by-gone by-genes. and lived: down the old and bad record, and the laugh: had spent itself. But the sight of little Peter," more fair and frail toan aver, coming feebly into the works a fortoight later was too;muel fore him. ??'m going. I can't stand no more ofit, he said as herushed into the t lfic,made a brief communication to the timekeeper, and thei slank away to the rear of the works. They saw him no more. Bob Crcwdson wao put in charge of the moulding-shop, and littlei Peter was taken into the office. To-day Bob is the trusty manager of Crane lea Works, a clever, practical scientist, good -bearted, and respected by 1,500 ,men. Peter is assistant cashier, and may some day he--bt that's another story. 