A PARLIAMENTARY GHOST ' : -AA STORY.'. 3?or the foi'.owihgstory a correspondenfc of the London.Daily Ifem is' responsible:—"On Wednesday, April 27, Mr. T,.jP. .O'Connor ivas apprised of the'serious illness, of his father, who.resided in Athlohe, Ireland.'On .the fol-, lowing day, Thursday, April 28, Mr. O'Connor started by the morning limited , Irish mail for Ireland.' At Holyhead a telegram was placed in his hands' stating that his father had died early that morningy ln the afternoon the Chancellor of the Exchequer. introduced the Budget.. Sir William * Hareourt followed the Chancellor of ithe Exchequer, ..and made an attack on the policy, of the Government in South Africa, which immediately brought him into: collision with Mr. Chamberlain. While Mr. Chamberlain was speaking. Mri P. McDer mott, MP.', came into the House, and;moving up to the fourth-bench on the Opposition side below the gangway, spoke to a: gentleman sit ting immediately beloyv him, who, he is con fident, was Mr. T. P. O'Connor, asking him to whom Mr. ,, Chamberlain Was • reply-, ingl'. Mr. T. ;P. O'Connor turned round and replied that .-Mr. Chamberlain,, was attacking Sir William Hareourt. ,, He. leftthe House shortly afterwards. Mr. McDermott, ongoing ( into the lobby a short time afterwards, met 'Mr. Edmund JBrown, a barrister, an intimate friend of .-Mr. T. P. O'Connor.. Mr.. Browh mentioned .that; Mri 1,0'Connor had. -.gone to Ireland/ and.stated that he had a letter telling, him of the,circumstances under which he had left londonv, Mr. McDermott immediately stated that lie had seeii Mr. O'Connor in .the House within the last quarter, of an hour,' aud had spoken, to him. Mr. McDermott searched, every where for Mr.. O'Conuor, of course with out success. Stranger, still,. Mr. i Tuoliy, the London correspondent . ofYtho 1'reevutn's Journal, is positive that. he too saw Mr. O'Connor while Mr, Chamberlain wah replying to Sir William Hareourt .In liis usual seat on thoithird bench on the Opposition side.below tlio'. gangway. - Mr.-,Chamberlain spoke be tween 0 p.mi and.6,30 p.m.': Mr. O'Connor ha'd arrived ih'Dublin at.that..time, and was! ■ tii liis way ,to Athloue," . But imagine a ghost :io'ry wrapped round , the , substantial form, of die lively '.'T.P.,". exclaims thp. IFcsCpunster 'juzettc,, adding that its representative had ;ieen Mr, O'Connor,- who could . throw ho light ..>n the matter beyond stating that, so far as he •was aware, he did no.t precipitate .himselfto ■ Westminster, though, ho naght have done so t,aconsoiously. 