A CURIOUS CALL. -0" [A small well-furnished drawing-room in Mayfair. Katherine Rochester, ci devant wife of George Rochester, is seated, alone, before the fire on a win ter's afternoon.] Katherine R. (musing): So it's just a year since I severed my matrimonial bonds, and got rid of my husband for ever! IHow time flies: It doesn't seem a year since I became a widow. Nay. I'm not that: whatamn I then? Surely neither fish, flesh, nor fowl; an ambig nous position indeed! Perhaps I was foolish to appeal to the law for my re lease, but I did it in a fit of temper. and must abide by the decision. Oi. I had great provocatiou! It wasn't so much his little pleccadilloes-I could have con doned thenm in tinme. perhaps: wise wives solmet ines imus,'. and I was so Mluch older thlan lie was. No. it was the aboninable way in which le deserted lme-us goes the phrase-tihat really bIronmuit matiters to a trisis. Leaving mile alone. week afler week. month after moth1111. to do what I liked. spend what n1,ceyv 1 pleasedl-though. to Ile sure. it was all lily owvt--vwithout even writing i line to ask if I were dead or alive. Stay. I'im wrong; lie did telegraph once froin Norway to Ile: "''lease send Photo; almost forgotten what you're like." Mofistoslls! aind so ungrateful. too. when all the time I was mnaking him such a liberal allowance. I ought to have stopped it. but I hoped lily pal try glenerosity might bring him to Ilis souses-softell him.n perlhaps-but it didn't: and I never saw himl for two whole y'arlls until rthat morning ill court -a'unI then I wished I.:hldn't done it. bIutit was too late. Some of -my.nv i-.u riied friends uised to envy mite,r?nther toltl tle I was a lucky woman. and ia fool to make -t fuss. Rut I mairied for comlpauionslip. I wanted someone to talik at--I menle to talk to; someone to fuss when I didn't feel well. Nerves? Of course I've got ner?es, and.then he said I made scenes. and drove himu from his home. If I have a sensitive nature. he should have soothed, not irritated mile: sat with imy hand in his. stroked my halir, listened to all I had to say without answering: humored me; coax edi te..instead of rushing out of tile house antd slaumting the hbll door after tlitln :That wist ll'tthte la:i- to treat:rie!. -Yet not sucth .:I bid fello?;, ifte" all. (Good-looifn,- yvounil" :ciheer i: easy goutntthtit - w'Is' it- too, ei?s', going 'everyi-where w iiithout= nhie. But I':?:1 puntished himtit -lesist. I hope: I lhiav Hisipocket tmist feel tlle difference. ift Ihis- heart- doesn't. I wonder; what :has become of him? :Always abroad. I sup pose.. I'n not likely to hear much more ihoutt lhiitu. I. never see 'aii':. of.. his friends- they, don't seem to call - no bod, seemis to-call muich-now. (lnio-n ing.), It's dull work, liatiiigl only-the servants to scoild. (A' servant alppears catr-ing a :sminall saelvr:on:lwhich .lies ' visiting card).;: servant: A 'ldy wishes to 'see youi IK ithlineR.o (briebrghteuniti'up) :Thkl goodtiess t.Jt'.: some oiie! (Sharpll': Well. whereeis:she" i'Wliat hliie t ouo done wit:hi her Ser'vant -Hiere is th'e ladtl's cartd ma'am:u She' wouldil't coime up until she kneew if you' would see her. Sathlerine. -R.: Dear. nd: tie .l :i inysteryt! ' (Reads the 'card.)- ".its George Rochestelr." What's this? . joke. 'or my ghost?g (Suiddenly illumi uated.) The wretch has married again -this is his new. wife !: Servant (iinpassiively):' Shll I show the laidy up, ma'am?' "Katherine R.: Certainl - not - stay yes. I- will see' her. : (Servant disap pclrs.) I must see what she's like. How do I look?. I'm :ure my nose is, red. (Takes up a haiid- inirror, extracts a powder-puff from lier pocket. and tones down the neerbities of he nose). Biut to come here - I declaire it's" ha~r'dly decent; what can she want? I only. hope I shall be able'to keep mv tongue under control. : (Servant reappears. and announces t'Mtis Rochester."' The roegnint , MIrs Rochester-tMaibel bt nime -hdvances shyly.) Mabel R1 (timidly): Mis .Iocliester: I believe? Katherine PR.: That is-thiatwas'(de finntly). Of couise,' thiit:islnyi name. (To herself): Why; she's ' mere girl, and how lovely! IMabel R. (nervously): You know o'lio I am? (Kaitherine R. flicks .the card ,aflrmattively.).I triist-I an sure-- hope -ou will pardon the liberty' I.haoe taken in calling upon youttso 'iinc:eoiomoiusuly; but the 'factis-- lwaintedfto consult you -if yon ' ilI ilo:idly iaIloi tinme to do so K:itlierinue eRi:(to herself) 'He's been it his, old tricks; poor little soul! (Aloud.) Woii't .ou sit downi? (Tlhey.sit.) SMabel ,R. Tlie objeet of ily visit is about-=-concerns-you --no my-- (Fal ters and blushes.) Katherine R. (aggressively ': ih.li not `ay "our" husband at once? By tlie way. how long have younbeen lnuirried'? SMabel R,.: Two months. We have just come back from (blushing again) our honeymloon. Katherine R. (ironieally) : Togetlher. Mabel R. (surprised) : Why. yes. We are always together. Katherine It.: He never leaves you alone-for hours ?' Mlabel R. : Oh. no. He wouldn't dream of such :a thing. Katherine R. (between hIer teetlh).: V Wait : (Aloud) But. reilly,..I fail to see hlow these accounts of bridal bliss ian pIossily interest me? Mabel RI. (uncomfortablly remember ing cert'lin of George's'confidences con cerning a forler hloneymoon) : No. of cohrse not It wasn't to talk of thiat I catnlC--- KT:ltherine RI. (ettititgly) : Thalri you! Mibel RI. : But I wtulted to know be fore settling tldown-we htlve just taken a tiny hlouse in Kensington-to learn somnethhing about deari George's tastes.' \:lKathellrine It. (to herself): Is.she it fiol. or is she trying to bt insolent ? (Aloud) I fear I aml hardly the righbt per soi to give you the iunformation you de 31:tlabel I. : Oil: but I am sure you are -for (nuively) hlie tells me you were with hlilt for over three yalrs. Kathelirine Ii. (fiercely) : He discusses ile in the saltne vay as ihe does his cook! Male-l It. (tlrecipitu'tely) : On. io, Plhase don't think Ilhat for n olnOllent. You' re not the letast bit alike-tquite. quitire different. Cook is young nIice lookinl.: atd so gotod-telperedl. Oh. dear. wiat thave I sutid?- t didnt't tesn it lie rllde, but youll looik ait lle soi only for his sak(e Ihlolllderillg onl I)but I 'atnicied t Itlt dutring a thrtc' years'- visit Kath'trine I!. (I tight Ug sut'd?nicaleyl: "Visit" is good. .lael l I.: I slould have salid resi dnllce withl a perston. yoell do get to kloce soltething I sout tlin,. doui't yOFl? Katherine 1. (griuly): You do. it dleed 1 Malel IL. :' That's just it. sl1d s--- (lesit'ttes). Katllherite It.: And so yon have ?alledl UltoU ile to las!. for thile c.lhaltlcettr of Geolge Rochester (depre.ating lot-e ilnelt of Mabell. Oh. ttray don't polo gise!-it vwas very prudent of you to do so. l'orew?r:lIned is forelurlmed. Well. :s lIe euasses e as hle i would a seraulnt. I \will do the samne by him. I belit-er himln to bIe Derfectly honest. cleni, llnd genelally sobler. These are 1ile lues tions I alm bound to :luswer. are they not? Passe encore (risiung as she conti utes) : And now, supposing in addition t told you that your husbantd prefers tlhe society of other womelne to Shat of his own wvife: that he is inldifferent to her welf:re. cureless of her happiness ; that when she is ill and1 depressed he is iuconsiderately cheerful ; when she is niervous, he is toisy; wheu site lectures, he laughs: when she weeps, he whistles \--twarmting to her topic)-that wheu she wants one thing, he wants tnother; when she says "don't," he says "shall;:" whlen she says 'won't,'' he says "will" -tlt:t he cannot bear the slightest con tradiction-that he absolutely insists upon ?being master In his own house. upon giving his orders, having his way, and if his wife attempts to argue with himi-to thwart hidi--to assert her indo peondency of thought and action, that.he goes off, and leaves her to herself for two whole years. What would you say if I told you that? (Pulls up breath less.) 'Mabel R. (somewhat overwhelmed by this avalanche of verbiage) : Why really I think-I should say it was the fault of his wife. Katherine IR. (taken aback): What? (To herself): She means to insult me ; but I will hear her out. (Aloud, reseat ing hersef): Now, I am ready to listen to you. Mabel Ii.: I won't detain you very long. I have made a list of the ques tions I should like to ask; you will be quite candid with me, won't you? (Pro duces a dainty little carnet from her muiff.) Katherine R.: Oh. quite ! (To her selft'): IIasn't she heard enough? What Inmore anll she want? Mabel IR. (consulting her note-book): Let me seoe-oh, yes-this is rather mu portant-lutls he got Katherine R. (quickly): 'More than likely M31bel R. (to herself rather): Appetite in the nmorning? W'hat has become of miy breakfast menu? AlL, here it is. Does he like Kutherine It. (cutting in): Everything hI ought not to lMabel It.: Kidneys? Katherine It. (gasping): Kidneys! Jiabel It. (prattling on): For break fast. I mean. They are such a help. and quite digestible if they're well done. Grandlinamlma always used to say that the way to a man's heart is through his mou!th. and I've copied into a book such a quantity of nice receipts, if he only likes them-but that's what I wanted.to find out. for it's no good giving him things he won't eat, is it? Katherine it. (not knowing quite where she is): No. I suppose not. Mabel 1:. (making notes): Yes. kid neys. you said I think. I'll put themi ilown. Now, eggs. How does he like eggs. Poached or plain boiled? Katheriine R. (losing her hlead): Oh. po:clied-lboiled-plain-colored. Milhel R. (scribbling) : Thank you so iulch. Now for lunch. I h:rve a wonder full receipt for ihalshing cold mnttton to miake it taste like ?enison. 1 shall give him ,thiat somerctimes. shall I? Oh. pud dln."sidnes he like p1uddings? Katherine IR. (widly): Yes. Puddings, pies. arts- (Stops abrulptly). It Mbel R.: Can lie at shell-fish? Crabs? Now, how does lie like them dressed? Katherine R. (distractedly): Oh. over dressed. full-dressed: anyhow. (To her self): I shall screanl directly. Mabel R. (continuing calmly): Now, din net is the most serious meal in a mai:'s day. Entrees will be nmy chief dilticulty, foir j'e sli:ill be quite poor. But I thinki thalt svseet breads. sometimes with a white sauce. sometimes with a brown gravy, iwill be quite safe to order. don't you'" .(KIatheilno'R. nods helplessly) mid a vol-au-'nvt iiow and then. if he eats iasktry- Ithink you said lie eats pastry. (Katherine ItR. nodding): Thank you! I think I'm all right about the joints, for all men eat joints, don't they? And. af 'ter all. they are something solid to fall back upon . Al! about sweets. What sweets did you give him? Katherine R.: None. Sweets were not In my line. lie said.• SMabel.R: (recognising a danger signal): -h. xes. of course: men never eat sweets, do they, they prefer savories. Perhaps you could give me some hints about sa vories? -Kiatherine R. (rallying her scattered senses): Mrs Rochester, my husband and it seldom dined together. I know little or iothling of.his likes and dislikes. Per haps .bitterly) if I had studied them. as 'ou are doing.- myl meals . might have been less lonely.. ' - . abel.R. (hurrying on nervously): Ab. iiow! -.Tlihere is just one more thing I irant to ask you, if Imay. Does lihe suf for front cold feet at night? For I spend \- grefit deal of my time in knitting, and could maike him such warm. comfort ablo cosy socks if lih wowuid wear theim. SKatheieine. i: "(uinnerved for, the inn mient): I told you that my husband and I seldom - -: Mhabel R. (naively): Yes. dined together. Kitherine It.: But it was the sanme thing. all day long.' Cian't you under stand? (Breaking down). Oh. child. child. ?hiy wasn't I like 'you? (Painful ,palse. iMabel R. goes softly upi to, the sofa whliere Kathtlerine-R. is iocking.hlerself. ud:tnakes h ei land). : label Ii::: Don't eci. don't cry! It's done now.- : -Katherine: R. (hysterically): Bit I did it: I'iis obliged to do it.~Thai:seems the cruel part:. Mabel It. (gentl.): Our lives are in our owi' hands. to make' or:to mar.' Forget the Parst : try to look ;forwaid to the future. '' "' SKatherine R.: (pulling herself to gether).:- ou deserve :i better fate. Mabel R.:. Hush! younmustn't say that. I have chosen, and I'think-well. Katllei'lne "R.: You're ti good woman. Mabel PR. So are you--or I should not have come to see you. Katlierine R.: Good! Yes. what the world froiii its platfol;mof respectability calls "good." Oh, yes, -good enough in otie sense:. If IT had been as some of miy friends irto-Imight not have done it -I might have left him to do it. But, Iou see. I never was atti;ractive. George 'mairied me for iny money. that began the mischiefi and then-then-I have a terrible temper. I can't conquer it. I've tried, but I can't. . AMabel R . (most pitifully): Poor. un llappy woman ! IKatherineR.: tYes. that's what I ann. (Pxssidnately.) But he had no right to treat me as he did. Say it-tell me-you do pit." mne? M'tl'el R.: (lookinu into Iher hard. thin face): Yes, I do pity you. (Movelnment of iKatherine R). But on your accoutrt, not his. Katherine R.: But still you nist ad mit Malbel R. : I admit nothing agaiis; him-I love him. Katiherine R.: So do I. Mabel Rt.: Not as I do. Kathlericne I. (after a struggle): Will 'on kiss me? Ml:i1el II.: W?ly tot? There (cheler fully). do yon feel better niow? See. it's live o'clock. :ind quite ldalk! I ilust go. iGoClrg. wtill bI ecxpecting tne. Katherine II.: As I iusedl to expect hitiii-btut he never eauie. [alhel II. (impulsively): Ah! if you hl.d behiaved dillfferently! But you made his life so- hathirine Ii.: Miserable? uint with it! Well. I sIIppo0se I did. Note rnot :i\\\tly. \What is yorni l name. tlahel R.: .t[liel. latliheril'e I.: Run away. 3tahiel. and intake his life happy. lalbel I1.: I muean to try. Good-bye! Katherine R.: Good-bye! She rines the tell,. goes with her visitor to tie iloor. alnd looks after her retreatilg ligure): Poor. simnple little thinig! P'er halls those SOrt Of \tolmell ilake tile Imest teives, after all. (Shuts tie door ; slhi\\-rs slightly: slit's tite fire: and. withl hier feet on the felnder. looks down into the blaze). I wontder, if I had to go tihrough it all again, whether I shotld harve "lhehav\led differently." I wonder -"W\'orld." 