CHAPTER HL ! I saw him once again-only oooo. Just to cay ! gcoil-liyn. A long farewell with the ytnrs stretch- ing oat beforo ue-long and weary and interminable mile-stones on tho path af lile ; mile-stones that I must travel past, year by year, without him ; with the faint hope that in thu dim distance our bunda Bhould clasp again, " Forget mo, sweetheart," ho said as I stood with my face hidden in bia breast, " Lat mo bo dead to you and dead to the world," Of that meeting I cannot write, when for tho last time they met, and I eobbod out that I would wait for bim all the long, weary years, and ho shuddered and bent his poor face over mine, and moaned. For oh 1 how muoh worse it waa for him I Mine the freedom with the sky overhead, tho power to go in and oat aa I ahose ; to bo free, while for him, tho prison walls and bars, and great koys that would look him in like a wild beast. While the grinding, degrading years would roll slowly on with their daily load of loneliness and mad, desperate longing. And then I had to go and leave him bohind. I, who would have died for him, Oh I so gladly. Then after a time, ho was taken aoross tho seas to Berve his time, ¿nd for a long, long timo I did not try to live, I oould not face thc future ; could not think of Itfetimo before me. So I bowed my head and grieved night and day for the mau 1 loved. He waB nevtr ont of my thoughts for one Beoond, for many a long day. But yonth ia strong, and I lived in tho world, but not of it. Only lived for that far distant doy when the prison gate« would be oponed, and Jim be freo again. Grandpapa died, and I sold tho old hoaso and place ; for never could Jim bear to look at that wood where Fabian Arkwright had met his death. . Iwasarioh woman, and oonld do as I liked, live where I pleased ; and I ohooBO to live near the sea. It seemed nearer Jim somehow ¡ and tho long, sobbing waveB comforted me, and I loved them. And nearly all my fortuno was left un- touched, I only spent enough to keep up a very small establishment, for in that far-off timo, when Jim and I wore to grow young again, we would have riohes enough to seek a home whero wo would. . , At lost I At last t Tho long, years lay behind - tho mile-stones were nil passed. The weary tear- stained miles had beorí travo lied day by day for twenty long yours. I was thirty-eight, and to-day Jim waa ooming home. I had dreamed of it BO long, thought of it so often, and now it had come to pose. The long ycara of agony wore over. To-night I shonld look into his face, and bold his hand. My yonth WBB gono ; a Bad oyed.woman looked baok from tho glass, and my onaa brown hair waa white as tho foam on tho shore. But my heart was the same; it had boaten for him, and him alono for thopo twenty long years. Yet shy as a girl of seventeen, I dressed for the evening of Jim's return. Not youthfully, not like tho wilful mad-cap beauty ho had loved in in tho old days, Yet I bluehod as I looked at my gala attire. A heliotrope ten-gown of' Boft silk, trimmed with old or carny lsoo and a diamond area conti fastening lt at the throat. Ko rings adorned my hands Bavo Jim's own angagoment ring, an antique massive opal set with dinmonds. And as I looked at it now, I thought of that day so long ago, when he slipped it on my Bilm finger, and kissed it when he put it on, and to-night maybe ho will kiss it again. My little cottage was cn fete ; flowers, flowers ovorywberc, It was a soft May evening, and great bawls of primroses stood in tko drawing room, and tho 1 ittlc round table laid for two, shona with sparkling glass and silvor, and in tho centre was n basket of roses and maidenhair. How homa-llko and dainty it all looked, with tho sotting Bun shining over all 1 Poor Jim 1 with a passion- ate pity I thought of all tho yours that ho had endured without ono pretty thing to rost his weary oyes upon. Ah I if love and care could maka np for nil ho had suffered, ho should bnvo both In abundance. I emited hulf-Badlr to think of the little, choice repast preparing, and with the ba-h fulness of a yoong girl, flitted upstairs to pee il hlB room waa all right. There was nothing left to be desired ; it was all fresh and ready ; hot water on the basin-B-.and, flowers on the dreeeing-table, 11 Jim and I are two old to caro for ohaperones," I said, with a little glad laugh. '? We only want caoh other." And ont over the sea the sun «hone «nd sparkled in a mystery of golden haze, and the mitnio waves just kis od the yellow sand. Oh Jim I oh Jim ! Oh 1 for the ranished years ! Oh I for one hoar of onr yoong, passionate youth I He has come 1 In silenoe we met ; our hands met, and our eyes looked at each other. I saw the ghost of Jim Desmond, the ghost of the young, stalwart lover of long ago. Ah, me I Ah, me 1 Waa that Jim ? That stooped, silent man, with the stamp of suffering on his face and in his hope- less eyes 1 Was that Jim with his manhood, bis power crushed out of bim I My eyes Blowly filled with tears. Only then, I think, I realised what those twenty years must have been to him. "Judith,you ara not much changed. I would know yon anywhere," be said, and his very voice a etned ohanged to a subdued halting whisper. " But you are charged," I wailed. '. Jim, Jim what have they done to yon to make you look like that 7" bending my convulsively shaking Ups to his searred and toil-worn hands. " Da not ory for mo," he whispered in tho same faltering, hesitating manner. " It -lt was vory long, yon know. Bnt there, Judith dear, it is all over now. " All over, when ho stood beside me, a wreck of his noble manhood ; a crushed, subservient thing, gannt, hollow-eyed, and miserable. "Bat yon will get better, won't yon, Jim?" I oriid, my heart aching with love and pity. "I will help you to forget all that dreadful time," the colour rushing to my face, his poor, thin hnnd pressed to my bosom, I think Jim's fingorB hardened from prison work hort me worst of all. Be smiled, such a wintry, wan smile. " Fat. hf ul unto death," he said softly, and thea bis eyes wandered round my pretty room. " flow lovely it ali is," be whispered, " Is this your home, dear 7" " Yet-, do yon like it ? I gat so fond of the sea," she said, loading him to the window to tbow where the smiling summer sea Iny. A fishing boat wah brown sailB turned to gold in the sunlight slowly glided by. " It is all beautiful," poor Jim sa'd, with trem- bling lips, " Oh. Jnrtith. how often have I wished I had never hoi ti b -rn ! ' " Nay, Jim, y.iu h-ive mo to live for." I answered simply, for my he» t was full, " And by und byo, I shall go down to the shore. But wo must dine first." . 1 Dine," he eohoed with a strnnno. sorrowful bitterness, "I have forgotten what dinner is like." I wouldn't lot the servants slay in the room, I thought Jim might not liku it. rio we were alone, with those'awful twenty years between nu, and Fabian Arkwright's dead faoo, I fancy, in our thought'. Jim did not eat much; in vain I pressed him with oh. ioe fond and wines. Every delioaoy I could think of I provided, but Jim only smiled mid thiiok his hHid. And a great throb of disarm int mons weih d up in my heart. I had lived f< r tliii momout ; day bv day for twenty years had my oonoM lernt hod out one day one twenty-four honre ihatbronght me nearer meeting; Jim again. Af« rwnrrÎB «c went to the drawing-room, where tho Bhailed lumps made a soft glow in the twilight, and wo to >k onr o< floe. And thon, all at once, I nroso and orara d to his Bide, and knelt ut hi« feet, and lilted my faoe to his, "Jim, you will marry mo now, and I will make up to you for the paBt," For, like a rerolation, it hun ooma to me that he Bhrank from linking hi» di- graoftd name with mino. " I h»vo lived for to-day," I whispered, with tears in voice and eyes. 11 Wo ure old now, Jim, you end I, but we can bo happy together yot." A long, shivering sigh, and ho raised me to my feet, and bold my hand in his, Blowly turning tho ring round-the ring he bad placed himself on my wedding finger. .' OpulH," ho whispered/ " Truly it wns an nnluoky stone for us, dear," and then, gathering both my hands ¡a bis own thin and wasted ones, " I oan never murry you, Judith, I shall never marry anyone." " But, Jim," I said, gazing up at MB quivering face, " I have waited for you all those years. You oare for mo, don't you Jim ? " " Care for you,'' ho echoed in a low, intenso wh stier. " yon oan never know how I loved you, Judith." " Than that is all right," I returned, " Wo aro old lovers, Jim, Wo love each other, BO nothing matter*," Slowly his head sank-his poor head that was whiter than my own. . , ", I carno to-night to tell yon," he faltered, " I nm in bad health, Jud.th ; I shall not live very loi g dear. The dootors told me that." " Ah 1 no," I oried, with Eudden foar, " you arc only tired and weary, Jim. I will mako yon well," "Hush, Judith." His thin and hardened hands wore plaoed on either side of my tear-wet ohei ks ; sadly and sorrowfully lils eyes, that Bomowhat looked aa if they were dim with muoh wooping, looked into mine. In a.moment he struggled with tho words th it came to hin lip*. '. Dear love, we must say good-bye. My punish- ment was lighter than I deserved. I murdered Fabian Arkwright in cold blood ; it waa no accident, Judith-I did it on parpo-o." Oh I was thia the end of it all 1 I would not bolieve bim. and olung to him with sort of mal desperation, oven as a mother might cling to a Binning child. Bat the Bad, sorrowful face altered not one whit. " I merited doath upon tho scaffold," ho said slowlv. " And shall I nerohanoo link my dis honoured name with yours, and perohince leave a heritage of shume to my obildren ? " And ibm, with one burst of passion that brought I back tho Jim Desmond of loug ago to my mind "My love, my darling, our lives havo been wreoked ; tears of blood cannot wash away our Bufferings, and now it ie hard to put away even thiB last happiness." Badly, tadly, ho told mo tho whole story, and my heart aohed, for I knew that after all I had been tbe one to blame, I had driven him to the net of a mad and doBporate man. And then, when all was over and we sat hand in hand, and I saw all my life's hopes lying saattored like withered leaves, he said tenderly " Kiss me, my only love." Our trembling lips mot, and I stole away, for I felt I oould hear no more. ^ By-and'bvo I osma book, opened the door, ~and stood for a moment. I think I knew it then, knew it inatinotivoly, after one glimpse at his face before I gathered his oold cheek to my panting heart, and I realised that tbat last kiss was our good-byo for ever in this world, " All was ended now, tho hope and the fear and tho sorrow ; alt the aohing of heart, tho restless, unsatisfied longing ; all tho dull, deep pain, tho constant anguish of pationoo ; and as sho pressed his head to her bosom, mutely she bowed her own, and murmured, ' Fathor, I thank theo.' " [THE END.] 