WHEN A BURMESE GIRL " COMES OUT." a oneIaove ceremony of ear-boring marks the oh cming out" of a Burmese young lady, and is the oeoasiun of a graat' gathering of friends.. A maiden's ears are bored 'when she'is I5, and when the operation is over she is considered marriageable and free of all the rights of womanhood. For instance; she may have cheroots of her own to smoke, in stead of having to content herself with an occasional whiff at her mother's. This is the ceremony of initiation: The company generally arrive in good 'timne and they arrange themselves round the front portion of the room. The girliwhose ears are about to be bored reolines in the back part of the room, and .is generally surrounded by her female relations, who encourage and console her by turns. The girl probably feels much as we do when we go. to the dentist. The soothsayer, who on this oooasion is mighty in the extreme,' walks to an fro with his eyes on some mystical chart; olose to him is the professional ear- borer, the man who is to perform the eperation. He is armed with gold needles. These needles are nearly always of gold, but never, even in' the case of very poor people, of baser metal thansilver, and some rioh people have been known to have them studded with pre cious stones. The .oompany ,remain on tenterhookls of excioitement, waiting for the deg rod sign from the wise man, and the girl becomes every instant more nervous and ex sited, and at last very nearly, works herself into hyeterics at the thought of the mystio rites to be performed upon her. At length the soothsayer gives the longed-for signal, and the ear-borer rushes upon his victim and swiftly and deftly passee~ the needles through the,'lobe of the ear. The girl generally expeostulates vehemently and vociferonely, but she .is restrained by the women around her, while the musio of the Pwe, without !nd the ohattering of the company 'within suenocessfully drown the girl's pieroing ories. An inquiring solantist has .made a p eau liarly .interesting report on the results of s long study of the various kinds of fear to which children are subject. It seems that thunder and lightening oauses terror to more children than any other one thing, and fol lowing in the order named come reptlles darknes, ,fire, death, . domestio nmalsfi disease, wild animals, water, ghosts, ineeot, rats and mice, robbers, and highwind s.. 