AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. T A man on his trial for murder, in New York, was successfully defended by his counsel in the following grandiloquent speech ? Gentlemen of the jury, ' Thou shalt Dot kill.' Now, if you hang my client, you trans gress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose's egg in a loafer's fsee. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether com mitted hv twelve jurymen or au humble indiv idual line my client. Gentlemen, I do net deny the fact of my client having killed a man. No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring the ln prisoner iu guilty, the hangman may do his a duty— but will that excuse you ? No ; in that ''j ease you will be murderers. Who among joa is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped . . on his brow to-day ?— who, freemen ?— who m this land of liberty aud light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my own word not one of yonhsss — bowie knife. No, gentlemen, your pockets an odorifenus with the fumes of cigars and tobscee. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful couscieuce ; but hang my un fortunate client and the icaly alligators of re morse will gallop through the internal principles of our animal viscera until the spinal vertehrie of your anatomical construction is turned intos / gigantic railroad for the grim and gory goblins ^ of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing q* murder ! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal Prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure yoa, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do uo murder. I adjure you by the uame of woman, the mainspring of toe ticking timrpleco of time's theoretical trail* migration, to do no murder, I adjure yi*u by the American Eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of crea tion, and is now roosting in the magnetic tele graph of time's illust. ic-us transmigration, to do no murder ! Aud, lattly, if ycu ever expect free dogs not to bark at you, if yi u ever ex peet to wear boots made of the free hide of the m Rocky Mountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you t ver i xp.ct to he anything but sneaking law-flung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistiuclibility, FI acquit my i-lieut, and save your country. J The prisoner was acquitted. 