WIT AND HUMOR. ".reddy," said the teacher to Freddy _EaOle, "You have spelled the word 'rabbit' with two t's. You must leave one of them out." "Yes. ma'am," re plied Freddy; "which one?" Old Lady (looking at 'deaf s'hd dumb's" placard): ;ty poor man, irhlat does this say? I haven't my glasses. Traminp: Please, mum, it says I aln deaf and dumb, and if yer kin give nie a few coppers. The pupils in a school were kasked to give -in wilting ;the difference between a bipedand a quadruped. . One boy gave the' following: ".A biped, has two .legs and a quadrupedl has four legs; therefore ,the difference betiveen" a biped and, i quadruped is two legs." - -"Isn't it absurd ?hat iteas; people: in small towns 'have of, largeiclties??'?"Yes; there's just one things more absurd.". "What Is 'that?'" ,-"The 'ideas people: in liirge cities have of a small town." liamma: "Which do you love mot,; papa or mamma?" Charlie: "I love jiapa most:" -"Why, Charlie, I am sur prised it you. I thought you loved nme most." "Can't help it, mamma; we men have to hdld together." "Mayl kiss you, Miss Tenspot?" asked young :Air Huggins. - "Have you ever kissed a girl before?" asked the young lady.' "Never," asseverated the young man. ."Then you mast kiss me.- I- draw line at men who'kiss and tell." Watts: The displacement of men by machinery has been something great in recent years . Potts: And it 'is still going on. Oiily yesterday I 'as going across the street and found myself dis placed by a bicycle with, great 'pre cipitancy. 3Miss Alifique: I don't care for men; in fact; I've already said "No' to seven of them. -Miss Comely: Indeed!' 'What were they:selling?. . "See that woman running-with .an enormous bouquet in her hand?" "That isn't a bouquet; she is trying to save her summnier'hat from the rain." His Vife: "Wel, Josleh; I don't see that you need keep on takihi' that liquor. The doctor / said that You1 were all cured, and'that he needn't come aiiy more: The Deacon: Yes: but you know '(hat h"ie said a- 'few days ago about the danger of gettin' a relapse. 'What do these letters stand for?" asked a curious wife of'ier husband, as she lodked at his Masonic seal. - "Well, really, my love," he "repiled, encourag ingly, "I presume 't 'Is because they cati't sit dow'.:" She postponed further queStioriinge- - Neu Farmer:: I am sbmewhaaf' o1' a connoisseur in stock, and I wnt only, such as are young and in good condition. Deailer: ?Vell, buy this drove of year= lings. :-New"Farmer: Ho. old hre they? -One afternoon; a stranger; observing:a stream` of peolile entering a church, ali proached a man of gloomy respect, who 'was standing near the entrance... and asked, "-Is this a funeral," "Funeral, no?" w'as the sepulchral. answer; :.'it's a wedding." .:'Excuse me," added the stranger.'"but'I thought from your seri ous looks that you mighlt be a hired mourner." "No,' returned the man with a weary, far-off look in his eyes, "I'm the son in=law of the bride's mother." The Harlem'Historics gave a:perform ance a few nights ago. The piece was S"Hanilet," and Gus Snobberly played the ghost. Gus expressed his lack of confidence'by saying, "Now, Gus, all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, ?"I am -thy father's ghost," and you must do it in a. deep. sonorous voice." Gus said he would:try and do his'level best. When the ghost's turn came he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole performance by saying, "I'am thy 'fatheis: ghost, and you must do it !n a deep, sonorous voice." Sllhobly: Why don't you propose" to MIissLongcoffin? She is dead-gone on you, and She is rich besides. Gus de 'Smith: I would encourage her a, little it it wasn't that she is lame in-one long leg. Gilhooly: For heaven's sake, man, -dod t'bes--pessimist. 'Don't look at it 'that -way. Gus de Smith: Don't look. •at'what? Gilhooly:- The situation, of couse; don't say that she is lame in one -leg, but remember-she has one leg she ,is not lame'in. -Look on the bright side 'of thing s. Be an optimist.: , 