A WONDERFUL WOMAN; or., THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXIX. - "NOT I. BUT FATE, HATH DEALT THIS BLOW." Katherine :Daugerfield had suddenly left Bracken Hollow, and for good. Henry Otis was 'greatly troubled not only at her unexpected departure, but at the.contents of the letter which she bad written to him. These troubled thoughts were in his mind as in the evening he walked to wards Bracken Hollow, from the direc tion of Castleford. During the last five minutes a sudden red meteor-like light h:ad flashed up in the grey southern sky. Whilst lie pushed onward it had steadily increased-brighter and broader-redder andi fiercer it grew-it could only be one thing-fire ! At that instant there came clashing across the twilight stillness the fire bllls of the town-the red light in the slty growing redder and redder. :Fire!" Henry Otis exclaimed, knitting hiis brows. ":and in that direction. There is no house there but Bracken Hollow!" Clash ! " Clang ! The fire alarm grew louder, the flames were shooting up into the soft grey sky. Otis commenced running at speed, and a little over five minutes brought him "o Bracken Hollow. There - was no wind. but the old 'house was like tinder, and shrivelled up at once. It looked all one sheet of fire as he rushed towards. it. Apparently there ias :.no chance of saving the two inmi- tes, for. the bla-ze was raging fr om every wTindow" in the: place. and great black volumes of smoke' were beginning to roll up into the 'een-i ing sky, while flegments. of, hourning timber and debris began to fall-in all directions. There was a crowd collected;. but the fire-engines had not yeit arri'ed. Little use their coming now.. At t.ie instaiit he appcelred. old. Hannah came rushing headlong out. "Save her, for H~eve:'s ' a e" se' cried. "If. ye bhe men, will ye - stand there and see a :fellow:- c?ifure? burned) to death before your eyes? I've lost. the key of her room. Come - come -and burst open-the door:'.,: ' : There was ah axe in the poich. .Mr Otis seized it, and, rushed, lheadlorig: through the fl6ames and smioke toward, ' Si-rs Harman's 5room. Her tringing screams broke over:everything now He struck at the door, with all" his might, bue it was strong, and resisted. "Stand from the door," he shouted to' her within, 'and be. quiet; I will, save you.'" Ite struck at it again and again ; it y!slded to the fifth blow, and went rnashing into the room. She was stand ing. in spite of -his warning,, directly oplposite : it strick hei heavily, and felled her to the floor. He sprang in and drew her from beneath. The angle of the oak door had struck he-r on the head near the temple; a great srtream of blood was pouring over her face as he lifted 'ber inhis airms. The fire was already surging: through the open door. He bowed his head over lier, -nld with his burden' rushed: out- of the dnimed house.. IIc ilid tier on 'tbs"gsrounid e stbils? bleeding, and not a moment.too soon, for a. minute later, with a dreadful roar. th fire leaped up higher.than ever, and tle roof fell in withl a crash. Twelve! by the steeple oft Castleford HXigh street--twelve! by the loud-voiced clock of the Scarswood stables. -In the intense, sultry silence of. the: August night. the sharp, metallic strokes came even in that upper chamber of-.the-Sil Ver Rose, where, upon the bi, curtained, old-fashioned four-poster Harriet Har man lay dying. Dying! No earthly aid could reach her now. The blow of the heavy, -iron= studded doorhad done its work. Dying! There was no mistakeabout it this time. A4s she lay there, on the threshold of eternity, her past in all its hideous defor mity rose before her. Mr Otis had told fIrs Harman's story to the Earl of Ruysland;,and summoned his lordship to.,the bedside of the dying womisn. In an adjoining room at that moment were the earl, Iady Cecil, and Otis. S"My daughter has come with me," the earl said, coldly." "She kno's all. She wishes to see Mrs Harman--to hear, if it be possible for Mrs Harman to speak, confirmation of your story fromher lips: I think even you will allow, Mr Otis, this is no more than her right." "It is her right," Henry Otis said, calmly. - He bowed to the queenly form and lovely face, and held the door wide for her to pass. - "You, too, my lord," he-said. "She is dying, but she is conscious, and she has spoken. I must beg"-he looked at Lady Cecil-"that you will be very quiet. A moment's excitement would be fatal." She bowed her head, and. glided to the bedside. In the dim light of the shaded lamp she looked down upon the -dying face-the face of her mother! The faint breathing was not audible; the eyes \sere closed; the fingers moved a little, plucking at the sheet. Opposite stood Dr. Craves, holding her pulse in one hand, his watch in the other. Lord Ruysland followed, and stood be side his daughter. Henry Otis bent over her and spoke. "MMrs Harman, Lord Ruysland is here. Can you speak to him ?" The eyelids fluttered-lifted; the great dark eyes looked up out of the rigid face, and fixed at once upon the earl's. "Harriet," he said, and at the sound -of the old name the dying face lit, "you know me, do you not ?" "Yes"-very faintly the word came "'my lord, I know you. I am sorry--" The whisper died away. He bent close above her. "Listen, Harriet--spehk if yout can tell the truth now. Is MIr Otis's story true ? Was it your child-your own - you gave me twenty years ago, or mine ?" "It was mine-I will aswear It, if you like! I kept yours. I hated my lady I swore revenge. She par.ted me from Lionel. Lionel, Lionel!" Her face lit again-the old love of her youth came back. The old love, mighty beyond all earthly passion, mighty to ~brealt prison biars, to compass the earth, to cross oceans, to endure in the very throes of death. Lord Ruysland bent closer, and took her hand. "Look, Harriet," he said-"look at this lace beside me. It is the child you gave Tne-that I love. Tell me again, as hea yen hears and will judge you, is she yours or mine?" The dark eyes turned upon the lovely yaouthful face, down whose cheeks the thronging tears were coursing. The bnute, imnploring look was answered by Lady Cecil crossing silently to the side of-the bed. She sank on her knees, and came very near that dying, face. "She ismine, as heaven hears and will judge me-mine- KIatherine Harmani Yours I gave to Sir John Dangerfield. Her grave is-in Castleford churchyard, and I saw ler-saw her two nights 537 Lord Rtuysland looked at Henry Otis. "She saw Miss Helen Herncastle," Henry Otis answered, with rigidly-com pressed lips. "I did you great wrong," the dying lips whispered again, the dying eyes turning once more to the earl. The sight of her child seemed to wake no emotion whatever' withir) her. "' hated my lady--I swore revenge-and I tools it. I kept her child. She parted me froim Lionel. He loved me. Lionel Lionel!" The faintly-whispering voice died awayy- she never spoke again. Lady Cecil's face lay buried in her hands-on the others dead silence fell. The eyes elnsed, a spasm shook her from head to foot. "Lionel." the lips seemed to form once. Then there was a moment's quiet, a strong shiver, and with it the last dlie ker of the lamp went out, and death stood in the midst of them. "Come away, my darling," the earl whispered, tenderly, in Lady Cecil's ear. Two sightless eyes looked up at him; blind with dumb misery, Then, ?tith a gasp, the tension that had held hlie up so long gave way-Cecil fell back fainting in his arms. And so died Harriet Harman-a: fei' rible death, but a just Perialty. for the misery she had wrought upon every one with whom she had come in contact. The one wrong inflicted on herself in:her earliest youth, while the tide of passion was strong in her heart, had become engraven deep in her very nature, and every succeeding act was but a link in the chain of revenge-every crime but another stepping-stone to its consum mation. And now was come the expia' tion at the .very moment, as sie had hoped, of final triumph. ..The blinds were closed--a -:solemn: hush. lay over the house. It the pailoi: of, the 'Silver Rose. a. coffin stood' e n' trestles. In it the body of the dnhappy Harriet Iarnman. CHAPTER ;XXXH.-BETI EEN, -THE ;',; OLD'LIFE 'AND THE :'NE . .' Theli Eail f'. ioRuysland was: seaedt aloiie at, Scarss'ood, brbbdiiig, o ei't tli recollection-:of thle confession iiade byl Harriet Harmani- wheni a hiastvy sutimsi mionos was given at the door; and iiimian ssyer to a peremptory "Comen ini;' on his lordship's I part," the :footii'ani Soinies, presented'himself.-;: " ' The Piost; m lorid -lttet's f'" your lordeship', \- The- boving' :'Sanmes placed asilver salver; on which half a" dozen lettei?s: svere"tranged hbefore 'iis lordship , l"a backed from the room:;i : : : There were one oi tiwe'for rLad¶Lsy Ceil -one from Sir 'Artihur : Tregelnna?: to. for Lady Dalgerfield;and ts do for hlie self.; The first-of .these lettersyas on business from .his solicitor, the other.in: a. hand. thatswas, nei~s tohimin: He broke it open,. .It ,as .lengthy.4 He' glanced. at .tlie name- "Redmond O'Donneli.' "Nos':; what does O'Donnell-meani lby making: me0 wades through, four closely writ'ten pages," his; lordship :said -inan aggrieved tone.. " Hows little consider ation some people have for. the feeliigs of their fellow-beings! I'll have to look over it, at least, I suppose.' .Ie adjusted his- eye-glass, smoothedd out the pages, and glanced through them. "Miss Herncastle"-"'' Katheir ine Dangerfield "-what did it means.? Everywhere those two names! His lassitude vanished. . He biegan at the beginning, and slowly and carefully read the letter through.- His : face. changed as it had not"cha~nged ';.when. Harriet- Harman told- hli?ll that -".'_is daughter was not his daughter.' ?i-: "Goodness above! what' was: this.? Katherine Dangerfield not dead! Kath: erine Dangerfield and Miss Herncastle' one and the same! Katherine Danger field his daughter! Katherine Danger field and Miss Herncastle one! It was plainly there-all. the proofs, one after another: no need for verifica tioin-no_ doubtiig-no: 'disputing 'now: She had not died. 'He recalled the pic ture:of Lionel Cardonnell;in the posses sioniof the goverriessi'her interest in the story, the strong likeness. to his 'dead' wife, that had struck hinm the first tim'e he saw her: The ghost and the resemblance to Katherine Dangerfield were explained now. A .wig and dyed eyebrows were all the disguises she had assumed. W'hat a bold game she had played! <And Tregenna had fallen in love with her, and he had done his best to sepai'a'te them-and tried to induce him to pro pose to Harriet Harman's daughter. His daughter lived-had relented a.t the eleventh hour-had burned the con fession-renounced her retribution-and gone into the world alone and unaided to fight the bitter battle of life. "Oh, Heaven!" he cried, " this is the hardest to bear of all!" The drawing-room door opened as he sat there, and Lady Cecil came in. She wore one of her white summer dresses, the dresses she liked best, and in which she looked her loveliest. A knot of fairy roses ill her bosom, a rose-hued ribbon binding back the hazel hair, and the pearly face, ever colorless,blanched, as it had been since the revelation first came upon her, to a dead white. "Papa," she cried-the name that for twenty years had been familiar to her lips would never be resigned-" what has hatppened-anything new?" "Yes, something new--something very hard to believe, very hard to bear. Queenie, the grave and the headstone in Castleford churchyard are falsehoods and chedts. IKatherine Dangerfield never died!" She stood and looked at him-speech less with surprise. "Yes, Queenie, she lives. My-that I should say i't!-my daugltter-Katherine Dangerfield did not die-she lives under another name. Can you guess it?" "I call. It is Helen I-Ierncastle." lHe.placed the letter he had just read in her hand. "Read that," he said ; "it is from O'Donnell, and explains all. I think I could have borne anythlhg but this." Even in that moment she shranki a little at 'the sudden mention of O'Don nell's name. Lord Ruysland placed the lengthy epistle in her hand, and rose up to resume his walk. "Sit dorwn," he said, "it's a long affair to read, and you don't look fit to stand. Are you ill, Queenie? Your face is the color of your dress." She read the letter over very slowly the facts were placed so clearly in or der that there could be no doubt. Kath erine Dangerfield lived in Helen Hern castle, Lord Ruysland's daughter, whose rightful name and place she her self had usurped so long. Lord Ruys land's daughter, wronged beyond dIi reparation, maddened by wrongs until she had turned at bay, had done unto others as she lihad been done by. And now she had not only departed from Searswood, but from Castleford, forced out once more to face the pitiless world, friendless, penniless, alone. "Oh, it is 'hard-it is cruel-it is bit ter!" she cried, starting up. "Papa, let us go to her-let us find her, at once at once! I will resign everything-I rill make what reparation I can. But wvho on earth can ever compensate her for what she hhs suffered? How shall I ever dare to look her in the face? And to think-- that my-my mother - She covered her face with both hands in a passionate outbreak of tears. "Be quiet, Queenie," was Lord Ruys land's answer,.a touch of impatient pain in voice.and face; "there isno question of our being ~too late. FIate has dealt hardly with her, I allow-with us all, if it comes'to that Think of the scandal, the gossip of the world, the talk of,the London clubs and drawing-rooms. Good heaven! it is enough to drive a man wildi One thing about this wonderful turn of events strikes nte aIs mnost wonderful of all, andl t hat is, thlt t O'Donnell's inter ference she should ive up l her revenge. Ioulrn lrs Harmun's confession, and thlrow i te te amnd tilr moment it was lers. T'lnt I don't undetlstand. Women area riddle; it's i t a tknyced aphorism, buit 'or sound truth midert be atnxed to tile Four Gospels. T say again, if she hod been in love With the fellow-sut I thought Sir Arthur ? ,, m' stopped, and. ,laniced furtiv-cly at Cecil. e ws standg; he ei e'doncast, a lovely rose-plnlt Slisl bn eithei check. Perhaps by some inward; intultieon her ewoman's natu're uiiderstrood this other n?naln's-perhas so::sie' glinimering of that truth fto :illichO'Donnell -himself was tilin'd ok upon her. :To Cecil Olive ittseemied "~l;overy easy thing' for lny tomantlto oie Iredmon: 'n innell "You lool ksl?, t '- t ou'': iunoderstoaod, Queenie,. : the 'earl. said:..i "Solve .this nate nobility?nd' irianerosityv : of-hosw shall. 'ie.:calthlf er-i'ies HIerneastle, thenu heieif ? i 'itFor sliet is hoble--she is giest nitst bleoid7" belief.. Caspta inI 0 Donnell is'right. A It'is anodlile nature 'arped i"n spirte of hert;' atliers in' her plac with-eller genuis a ould hi.v Ydone far worise'"(Y uei must learoL to lose hei pala to.look usiton het'as youri tdaugh rplacelilt alieenthIelant . .'"SirlArethur T.egenna's 'trife' Is that lwhat you Iwould s ayl e onie""' tW ll most try o' I-e i am; ots ethat .. is". :it...t I eant toisav, 'upipe, For"' 1a0ill go-it'-a, to hich rswas h.tit And I will nevers lis Arthuitin !tregenna's. tifer'o This Ilt -she tookt :.ioupu 'I :see?;isei foi Sir A .thut to ie. 'i'hen I'aSnnaert it It tillibe to6tell'himntisho : distasteful 1 'such a' marriage tould be to nIe m oidltoysland listenedah : his old ueiy, calm'netuininh-iisfilhabitual expression i half?cynical :half-indIlfirdit` iback 1 "Quixotich it cori ect Pl:erdhaps v' You i Wvill; offer Sii hrtl ilurl;his flcedomve ti generous on your. part :,aid?he w ille= fuse' :t -eeqully"; geneous on lhis: You a:'righh," Queenie"-gg throubgl't'he' fotrm;` by all meanos It is what :wvould . mo-t oselfin tyour plache -:Butdou willmay. Sir Arthur: neverltheless-?e .;- -the:i "'It.vill: never marty Sit: At thur In a :n ll likelihood ?I shall nrve'.en marry ?atli ll: You need'.ibt siil? lie, iethat F papa uiean it. ;:Sie rtlur loves o yo ur' : eal, daughiter and onei day'e will'. .naryr-? her.: Hdert faults ;hae b-eens' many ;::ljut svhqn hel knows the r truth such l.osie. as hisxwill find it ea-. to overlook tihose fuilt?x ' Hesvas anxlous.Ci'o me .to lie Icom.e his:xif.,becuse,. throuigh no faiult of his hefelt lie stood in'some iay corm mitted, and oI=lh-,oh -, as base .and : n generousy' ?h ien .i:ethought ;of Iaccepting.t lim.t I tiiank IHeI?al't, lit-Ll.osw othe truthll.hefore it.is toos l-ate.: Iif hed lovede t me, eseno and If kI Ios dilmimto?s ld still Srefuset b ncme slssife no?-e:: hs :it is, all "the lpoide?sion einrt iiould :: not force, me, to mairy:him '" . -'.The earl sav; tiat shea sbpoke' the triith -that all;arigument a useiglseiss :.here 'You..don't love: him ;"he i r eplied uietlyv Ithen perhaps .youtdoilbve sondie one else-.the Fl ee- Cpain, It esoldier t oflfottune, the Chasse d'IAfri ue.: fo instance'" .-esir ,o.lb. ,atrli ~ -steadii tha ol 'de ep onher cheenkts aioight 11igt otinherI eyes . . .. , 'i ·-o E 'Yes?" 'she said,. proudlyresolutely "I. lov6 him!It Ihave.loved him froimti?e hiourI sas sil.inae r hire; "And he has' told. you all, now doubt tlie sory:of Toriyglen and h'is:'youthf l presumption and" folly l.tolerably outu lived' in -'.ix. yeats' camrpaIgning, if I ijudged hiiumenighttg b 'tt?. The glotr hdeepened' on her Iface?:,thel liglitthat neti ? stas ont sea; cr- lad i .thle light f- lov.e thar Itnows itself -'beloxed again:;:`.'.; ' ''He'has told me,: sItesaids under her breathi an'' d he has not aoutlivedt r It thank Heaveant ".':ei "thioughIshould I nevelr sec lim again on :earththank Heaven. Papaes edon yoeu:think you did right then?" sw i " .Well, no .MYorallyspeatjiing; perhaps' I did "not: socially spealeing, In a. hsure I did: Youi couldn't- have miiarciedf lr im, Queenie-tI hopeyou know, that. 'And t you can't insarry'him"now either,, that .I can see. .. hink, of 'rbughing' it out in algeria, grilling alive=under an- African 1 sun-no society, a camp .follower, and I sooner or later an Irish officer's half-pay sidow. He's a fine fellow-- always xass -the sort, by gad! if I were a woman, I should like to marry myself. But you haven't been brought up to rough it, and -it won't do, Queenie, it won't do." t The color had faded from her face, the I IhaDDY light from' her eyes: a wistful I reariness and longing bad taken their I pi ace. o ' n Lord r.uysland smiled faintly-similed scelptically. h "Well, well, we won't discuss the t qluestion at present, Queenie. Talte your c letter and answer it. 'Ve will have Sir Arthur directly after, and you and hei can settle these heroics between you.t Still, I think, if I were you, I would I marry him, Queenie." She smiled in answer, stooped, andr kissed him as lie sat doown. "Ynu ought to hate me for my--my I mother's sake, if not for my own," she I said. "You are very good to me, Lord Rouysland." ' "Am I?" he answered, rather drearily. "Being 'vcry good' to any one has not been the besetting virtue of my life. WVe'll not talk of my goodness, Cecil, child: it's a subject that won't bear dis- I eussion." ' t (To be Continued.) 