A JHipacle in -Sydney. CASE INVESTIGATED BY . A: SCORE OF PEOPLE AND -VOUCHED FOB BY A PROMINENT SIBMBKH OF PARLIAMENT, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CONSIDERED INCURABLE BV THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. ;■ A GREAT VICTORY, FOB DR., WILLIAMS ' •. PINK PILLS. • f : (From the." Australian Woikman'.") On Thursday afternoon, our representative madia ^ hia way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-o'd baby, and his r£ace„ declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door, Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clcrar that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. \- In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Weil, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken bs I wasi" " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five, years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since tbo accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptons 1" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I Could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw : were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eatsoor Bleep. On the 23rd March last I saw 'a will-known doctor and be told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." : , " Did vou make use of the order ?" "No ; I came homo and went to bed, and save been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed, ■ I felt then that it was all with me, and only aquestion of days when I would, give up the ghost, My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to odbb the agony I was in. I was under him for five or Bix weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medi cal opinion is not infallible). Well, just as'adrown- . ing man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at on idea conveyed'by an1 advertisement describing the cure effected TTrthe case of another boiler-maker in Eng land, which I read in the '« Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in an advertisement of a case which Beemed to fit my own. I determined to give : the , Pink Pills a trial anyway, and jsent for a box. The effect Afas aa marvellous bb it was magical. I was able to, eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible.. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. 1 have taken four,boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking [the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality, Tou see those crutohes there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak' to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want i9 this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." I " He iB 100 per. cent better," Baid Mrs. Jarvis, | who had come in and taken the baby on her knees, i " The Pink Pills have saved his life and made an* other man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that 1 Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously, "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and alt the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able : to resume work as a boiler-maker, aha you know I have to be in the very pink of health'and strength : to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pill?. They .have Baved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excru ciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and ifoonfirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country- of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure, locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished Btate of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, Jcc. Mr, J. 8, T, M'Gowen, leader of) the Labor party inthcN.S.W. Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with theremarkablo case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr. M^owen Bays he has known Jarvis from infancy. Ho nlso know that ho had-to give up his work at the Glebe Island abbattoirs twelve 'months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jtirvis was becf-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis WaB refused admission-to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable.. Mr. M'Gowen was, therefore, liko everyone else who knew the facta, astounded at the I complete recovery of Jarvis. J Dr. Williams' Pink Pills aro obtainable from all leading chemist!}, or fr6m the Dr. Williams' Medi cine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (poBt paid) on receipt of stamps or post order. 1 box for 2s 9d, or J dozen for 14s 9d, 