the mysterious house. Tho dntenlivo bail droppod the paper telling bow Salvatore Cav:ili»nr, tho Lon* Branch Italian, made his dwelling a storehouse of plunder. •• Every house holds its mystery,” he began uiti iy. Then he told tbc story of a bouse be would not specify particularly. “ I wes detailed to watch it,” ho wont on, •» because there was somethin;? odd about its tenant. A mo*t respectable hftu*c in a m<rflt rcsrocUble neighbourhood, it had Ue*n sublet t-o one William Bniiih, a small dark man with a foreign iu.cm»L . <* Hr hud prid rix months rent in advance, j in lieu of reforw.ee, and as the dull summer season was coming on the agent had not quibbled over this Might violation of his min requiring ndcrences. Whence Lc came, what his tr;uTc, no one could say. The rent wus paid in gold. •• Aftor Mr. SmHb had ffluvod in—be routed furnisher!—the ttrange proceedings 1m g-n ■whinh attracted tho neighbours’ attention. I .7u>t after sundown ruufilnd ruun began to appear at thy do*/r, which would open, reveri m,r the dimly lit hall The visitor entered Now the peculiar feature of the case was that no one ever came out, while Mr. Smith existed apparently independent of the butcher and bsker. If yon rang, the manservant simply told you that his master was not in. But olher persons evidently found him m. Three or four peri%tmtt.4uk55cd!tbat threshold daily, never to reappear-over-it. Of course the neighbouring servants'wbirpered nimvellous tales of ghosts, li you went and scanned tho faces of those who enlcied,yen found thorn to bo apparently gentle men, with thin intellectual faces. •* Going tip the steps the visitor woold peer about as if fearing observation. One of the double ball doors stood closed. While he waited he invariably stopped behind thin screen until the other door was opened. Then it shut on him. You might wait all night and tho next day, as I have done but the visitor never re appeared. Tho house, heavily shuttered, presented an impassive frout to the street that told nothing of its mystery. Naturally, I had theories of murder or other crirao being committed there. But there wi re no reporls of raiesieg meu and news payer personals gave no clue. Nor did we have any complaints or other evideuce justifying a raid. finally 1 decided to take the matter into my own hands. I did this Ly boldly going up the steps a third time—I had been told twice lay the strange *ct vaufe that Mr. Smith was out. On this occasion 1 followed closely on tho heels of one of the visitors, who probably was declined ncTw to appear again. 1 rang, and after a few minutes the door wes opened. The same servant stood there. He was black, with the regular features belonging to East Indians or North Africans, if you ever vvntnrc as fat cast ns Constantinople, you may s*e tneu of his type iu the cosmopolitan street throng. The peculiarity of this man was bis shining black eyes that Iookod me through and through, lit* was in tho regulation black coat and white cravat of the house lackey.” •* Mr. Smith ?” M * Secs no one,’ ho began in a slightly fortigsi accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw % subdue! light on the stairway. •‘‘hut some one tnJcrcd a half minute before me,” 1 began. Ou the other occasions l had asked who this mysterious Smith who con cealed an interesting personality very cunningly under that most commonplace unmc might ho, what h;s occupation, whence he came. On both occasions the door had slammed in my face. " ’I his time I took the precaution to put my foot over the rill in such a way tlut tho door could not close. The man attempted it. I st« ppod inaide. Tho door swung into its place with a litile metallic elicit. M I fancied th*> black ryes snapped angrily, but the mun motioned me civilly into an adjoin ing routn.- This was an ordinary apartment lumisbcd in tho way of rooms iu houses that arc i sublet, where the bric-a- brec and * essentials givirsgjCXprt&don; linve boon rnnuve.l. A lamp ! with a k*tl shado lit the place. •• * \Vait. I will see,* said the black. “ Presently ho returned, this time bearing & silver tray, on which were a curiously-carvcd silver decanter and some glasses, with a plate of biscuit*. The mau made a aort of obeisance I that had in it something orieutul, as if he had | stopped tut of one of the stories dealing with I the CabplJ Hxrouu al Naschid. • while you wait, won’t you have some refreshment ? ” “ Hih accents mre so suave that, forgetting any &us;}rtcion, 1 did not slay his hsn.l when he poured some liquid likt claret into one of tho Jong decanters. Lilting it to my lips I found it j Wis a c-irtau-vtus ing beveregc. bor n. mnincufc I thought it was molten fire. Then the black retainer ippoan-d to be dancing before my eye$, and i lost consciousness. «• When I awoke, I was on tho couch in the fame roam The lamp was still burning. I reused u.jself up. My h™d ached terribly. On a chair near rac sat a little monkey grinuing and chatlerirg. It startled rac at first, but in ray trade enu ceatn-a to bo afraid, because back of everything' however mysterious, vro are accas« tomed find human cunning. “ I icic, threw back the chatters, and day light poured into the room. I had been there all night. No one stirred except the poor little beast of a gibbering ape, I made ray way to tho outside door, seeing no one, and rau down the steps into the street, the monkey following. “ 1 returned with the policeman ou the beat. "Wo searched tho home high and low. Thera ttm no evideuco of occupancy beyond that of tho little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or even the silver decanter from whiih I had drunk. About the ape’s neck was a curiously carved little silver chain with some odd cabal istic device. At the Zoo in the park they told me that ho was of an Judian species. “ During all iny night stupor, wh=t had be come of the mysterious Mr. Smith and his visitors? They were never seen nor heard of again. Thu hoiiEO was just an ordinary dwell ing ou an ordinary street. But for me it still bus an enigmatical expression of inexplicable mystery. ------ 