A. VOICE FROM THE SCHOOL 0E ARTS. TO THE EDITOR. but,— i am tho School of Arts, a poor orphan that uo ouo seams to care about. There was a timo when things wore different with mo. I was onco an ornament to tho town, the best man looked after mo ; I was kopt neat, clean, and tidy ; my library wan largo, well selected, tho admiration of nubscribors, and all in Too- nuumuu kuun u ueep inicreBb m my welfare. Tlio largo lectaro hall was onco a placo of nublio note ; tnon of high intellectual culture, like tho Rov. Charles Clark, tho lato Rov. Dr. iioiynaoK, uisuop U'uinn, electrified oudi- oncos within my walls. Iu fancy I think I hoar Mr. Clark's sitvery voice resounding at times in that now dismal placo, liko ghosts are eaid to hovor around tho placo thoy inhabited whon in the HcbIi. But it is only fancy, fo: I am in a too fonrfully neglected state now to bo oven In a fan ciful mood. I was onco tho dalightof tho reading and thinking publio, and often tho largo hall interested hundreds of my follow townsmen. There was onco hold in mo on Art Exhibition ; nil my fricods font their pictures, their souvenirs, their curios, old nlato, old clima, old curiositios ; old and young flecked to sco ma in this attire, admired my now form and furnished hundreds of dollars to secure my wollboing in tho future. Tho hall Iirb resounded with tho musical notes oi itio sweetest ol smgero and expert instrumentalists and tho golden con tributions paid to hear tboso high-olass artistes ansiated to onlargo my library und provido high- class literature for thoso who took au interest in me. _ Children's troatB, bazaars, tea meetings, missionary meetings, and mcotings of all kinds linva been hctd within my walls, and often and often the( eloquence of budding nulpit orators and aspiring Parliamentary politicians havo aroused tho onthusiasm of listening hundreds. Onco thoro was a Debating Socioty, a largo roll of members, and good work was done by several generous and unsolfish raon in thuir day. But all tliiB is changed. I havo fallen upon evil times ; the coltured pooplo no longer take an interest In mo. Eloquence has departed, self is installed. Tho library is poorly supplied with now literature; tho old books havo bcon furbished up in pUco of boing sont to hospitals and asylums as obsolete ; my library is no lougor up to date, and many of my old frionds who onco honored and loved mo uow prefer to bo members of tlto Brisbano School of Arts, be cause from there they cau got up to date books nost. Somo vandals have Ukon possession ofino. What others had givon much labour to raise tlio monuy for, and showed prido to build mo, has beon destroyed by theso vandals. I havo boon turned upside down. Tlio largo ball has been abolished. What socrilego ! Andmammou and self, liko gaunt spectres, replace tlio brainy men who onco regarded mo with pleasure and prido. I am no longer cduoational, I am lot as offices for monoy-clisngora and such liko. Ob, tho pity of it ! 1 am not worthy now of boing called a School of Arts. A sort of deadening feeling has como ovor mo. Thoro is no lifo or animation. At night, in placo of boing crowded as of yoro, 1 scorn all out deserted. Tho othor oveoing when a'cuituvvJ gentleman camo to lccturo on a scientific subject, tho only roi/A? lie could have for tho purposo was the stuffy, close room at tho buck — an old class room, not intended or built for publio meetings, Pooplo cried "Shamo" for being packed in such a stuffy room, and asked why was the ball abolished? What was tho objoct V I boliovo thoso who did it. or somo of thorn at least, aro uow ashamed of it. It has not benofittod mo in the least, financially or otherwise, for tho balance is still on tho wrong sido, so much so that somo talk of selling mo, and converting mo into a first- cuss uotel, xioavons I What am i coming to, from a School of Arts to an hotel I Shades of departed genius, wilt somo of you como to my If you wish to Beo how neglected I Am, lot my frionds go to tho roar of me. It Is no man's land. Tho weeds aro a luxuriant crop, and tho sanitary conditions, why a private house would bo ashamed of thorn. Judging from appear- ancoB at tho rear it wqb only inlondod that ono sex should bo visiters of tho School of Arte, The back vorandahs aro fast going to decay, and nro store placos for firewood, there boing no shelter shed for wintor fuol. Tho air of neglect all round U painful, and I ask my frionds, if I have any, to como and help mo 7 I want, and I havo hoard scores of others say thoy want, tho public lecture hall restored, tho letting of offices abolished, end tho wbolo building Oovoted to what its founders, who found tho monoy and built me, intondod ma for — an educational establishment, whoro inon who had not tho advaiitago of education in their youngordays, could como and bo welcome and obtain ell tho aid and assistance for self- education. This was tha high purposo I was built for, and for a timo that purposo was carried out by thoso who founded iuo and built me. But men who ncvor put a brick in mo are dispossessed I fear that ruiu is boforo me. I appeal to tuy frionds to soo mo done justly with. Toowoomba without mo would bo unlike any othor civilised community, but if I am to bo a School of Arts at all, lot mo bo so in reality. Lot mo bo a aouroo of prido not only to ovory suUeribcr but to ovary townsman ; yos, and to ovory townswoman. Let the library bo worthy of tho nnmo, And bo frocly supplied with all the latest liigh-elass literature, and lot mo bo managed by men who will mako mo ono of tho boat cducatioual restitutions in Quoons- land. The' School of Aivrtf, January 20th, 1807. 