COLLINGWOOD V. NORWOOD. LOCAL TEAM VICTORIOUS. WON BY ONE POINT. Since the arrival of the Coliiuzwoods the weather has been splendid, and Monday turned out another perfect day for football. The visitors played their last match, this time meeting the Norwoods on the Adelaide Oval. For an off- match there was a good attendance, about 2,000 beiug admitted through the gates. The game was au excellent ono from start to finish, aud from a spectator's point of view the three matches of the Collingwoods' Ade laide campaign. However, it lacked tiie solidity and artistic play which characterised Saturday's match, but the rough clemeut, which detracted from the success of the gamo with the Souths, was in 'a largo measure abseut. No one expected that the redaud blues would have made such.. a splendid stand as they did. -But they hai _protited by tho lessons taught them by the. Coil mjj woods in the. previous games in '] the matter of handball, long kicking, .'and and other points, and they romped,. over tho turf in , a way that at times !.', fairly puzzled thp visitors, whose surprise at being bfiateu by a twenty who it wassupposed had not 'the ghost of a show ' against them, can well be imagined. The Norwoods can be. heartily congratulated' on their victory, which was obtained by clever, combined play ; and though tbe visitors by no means played up to Saturday's form they must admit that on the whole the red-and-blues were their superiors. Mr. Coffee having refused to umpire in the match on the ground of the treatment which he received on Saturday from some of the Collingwoods, Mr. Ford adjudicated, and though ho made mistakes he carried out his duties efficiently. Under ^the new iuIps a behind counts one point, and as the Norwoods scored 51 to tho Collingwoods' 50 they were awarded Lhe match. The composition of the rt-'speclivp teams was : — NORWOOD. C0LUNGW00D. I A. Daly Gregory Forward \ Way Smith ^Vine Callesen / Treiiljalh Tame Half-forward { Moods McDonald (.Forrestal Gi'larJ / J. Daly ranaui Centre - Finlay Strickland I Cowan Sime / Paduian Don- Half- back '. Sugars Uonolian i.Plunkelt Kay I Eldcon Gibbs Back { O'Neill l'roudfoot (.Qosse OHii?n 1 Fitzpatrick Jlurpliy it,,ii,,,,.™ J Con-ell Patterson Followers J. Hoibrook H. Dowdtll [ Thompson J. Dowdell Rover ?{ Green Condon The Plat. From the bounce the Norwoods prevailed, and for a time 'ran rings' around the Col lin?w(jods. whose t-erformance in the first few minutes was the reverse of scientific. The red and-blues kept pegging away at the Colling wood goal, and eventually Bos Daly scored firet goal for them. The local team again came to the front, and by smart marking and united play Green marked, and tlie second goal appeared to the credit of the Nor woods. The Collingwoods at length woke up, and forcing the ball into the Norwood strong hold Gregory marked at 50 yards' distance, and a goal was posted to their credit. The visitors were playing better together now, and - soon had a minor registered. A splendid piece of play by Green placed the Uollirig wood goaf in danger, and a behind was added to the tally from an angle shot. At quarter time the Bcores were — Norwood, 2 goals 2 behinds. Collin^wood, 1 goal 2 behinds. Tho Collingwoods opened the second quarter well, and rushed the ball up to the river end. Murphy, being unmarked, captured it close up to the sticks and made thn tally equal. Then came the Norwoods with a great rush, and Bos Daly marking tried for goal but failed to score. Charlie Woods collared shortly afterwards, and with a fine kick notched the third goal. Another effort by the same player fell short, and the ball was rushed behind. The Norwoods again mode matters warm for the Collingwoods, and Albert Green by clever play sent the sphere well down to goal where Proudfoot seemingly marked, but the umpire gave tho mark to a Norwood man right up in goal. Only a behind resulted. The red-and-blues kept up their attack, but they had extremely bad luck in shooting for goal. The Collingwoods opened thoir shoulders, and by clever handball and grand kicking put the Norwoods on the defensive. Smith collared and by smart work sent the ball flying through ' tbe sticks. Again the Norwoods broke through the black-and-white ranks, arid the ball hovering about the goal Bos Daly put his foot to it and the fourth goal was recorded. The visitors now forcing the play completely nonplussed the Norwoods. Smith was on the out vine, and running np to goal sent the ball through unmolested. The board at half-time read— - Norwood, 4 goals 6 behinds. Collingwood, 4 goals 5 behinds. Shortly afterihe orienlnfe of the third quarter Saith was disabled and had to be oarried o£f the Seld, but he ?ipdu -recovered and was again in the. thick of the;f ray. The play was in no fixed quarter for ''some time, but Daly and Holbrook forcing tHe game the Nor woods looked like scoring. 1^ho CoUingwood ? . back men wore, however; too strong, aud centre play followed'. The' Collingwoods pressed the Norwoods jbard, buc tiie red. - and - blue defenders, were equal to the occasion, aud tbrdtigh the clever ness of Albert Green the ball was sent on to Woods, who marked a few yaids from goal, and the filth goal to the Norwoods credit appeared. 'Stimulated by their success tbe red,-and-blues went off again with great V2gor, and out of a Borimmage Woods kicked the sixth goaL At three-quarter time the score was — Norwood, 6 goals 7 behinds. Collingwood, 4 goals 6 behinds. Unfortunately for the Norwoods Bos Daly, who collared from the bounce, kicked the wrong way, and Gregory was given a long ehot which fell short The Norwoods soon had the ball down at their end and put in Eome splendid work. The Bphtrc being sent from the Cathedral comer to Bunny Daly he had a grand chance to score, but the ball 'slewed' aud he bad to be content with a behind. It was now the Collingwoods' turn, and breaKJUR through the Norwood ranks Gillard sent the ball through. - The Norwoods retaliated, and in a scrimmage in front of goal Forresto! sent it through. Again tamu the Collingwoods, and Condon made the sixth goaL The Norwoods appeared to be done, but they clearly proved towards the close of the game that they had plenty of 'kicking' in them yet They managed to keep the ball well up to goal for some time, and despite the elforba of tbe Collingwood back men they heat them, Forrestal notching the last goaL The Victorians added one more to their goal taliy, and at the call of time the scores were — Norwood, 7 goals 3 behinds. Collingwood, 7 goals 8 behinds. 