THE LATEST SECT, A ' SUPREME HEAVEN.' Since the beginning of timo there : have boon (says a correspondent) great impostors with large follow ings. Not often bofore, however, havo educated women of high social position allied thomsolvos with such a cause as that led by Schwein furth, impostor, blasphemer, and ?o-called ' Christ,' Of the many branches ef tho ' Supreme Heaven, ' atEockford, whoro th.o nian him aetf lives, thoro aro among its mem bers some of the best-known women in the city. Oue of these is said to havo spont .£20,000 for tho further, anco of tho movement. There is no luxury wanting in tho porfoct appointments of this homo, The ? , finest horses in Illinois belong to , him. Ho has vehicles of every ; kind and for all occasions., Tho men who believe in him toil in his fields and his gardens, and the ?women who follow him anticipate all hia wants. No ono has more luxurious tastes than he, and each of these tastes is. gratified. But the end of his career is believed to y be at hand, and oven his followers fear ho may yet return to the point '.i . where twelve or fiftoen years ago he ' stood friendless and penniless in the world, with no resources save his wonderful imagination and his ':?? ? amazing shrewdness, Tho story of his rise and tho upbuilding of tho V ' Schwoinfurth movement reads like the wildest romauce— a romance., too, with moat unpleasant features. It shall bo told here, as a lesson to confiding women, aud as the great est modern illustration of tho ten dency of man to follow any selfap pointed leader to any given goal. George Jacob Schweinf urth is at the present time -J4 years old. Dur his youth his unique abilities did not manifest themselves. Ho was regarded as a rarest modest, retiring young man, with engaging1 mannors , and a most picturesque exterior.1 He found both very usoful in his brief career as a book agent, find he graduated from this profession into the equally humble calling of beadle of a Methodist church. He subsequently entered the ministry of the Mothodist church on pro ? bation, but soon discovered that there was nothing in tho church or ita ministers to 'fulfil his soul's aspirations/' as ho gracofully ex pressed .it. It was in December, 1877, that ho met tho inevitable woman. She was known as Helen Dorinda Fletcher Boeckman, a.nd had established a little sect of her own. She claimed to be a woman Christ, made sacred by the presence of the '? Spirit ' within her. She hadhov followers,* of course, and they.grew in numbers, Schweinf urth was much attracted by the beauty of her views. His own Methodist convictions, never very strong, changed so startingly that ho was expelled ignominiously from the church. Ho immediately cast in his lot with Helen Dorinda's fol lowers. The woman died soon af tot wards. Bel ore her death she Informed her followers that hor body must be left in an exposed place, whore angels would call within three clays aud carry it heaven wards. The faithful followers waited expectantly for a week, after which the body was interred by order of the Board of Health. After it was buriod, and the danger of angelic interference was safely passed, Schweinf urth called ' ' the faithful about him and an nounced that ho had a revelation from the dead womau. He was hor spiritual sou and successor, he said, and he was, theroforo, tho the natural, logical candidate for the position of tho second Messiah. The Beocktnauitea accepted the revelation— and him. Ho was duly installed as tho living Saviour, brought to them as from the dead. ^ From that day bogan tho wonderful growth of the blasphemous move ment. Converts rallied around tho leader, who developed great business ability and a positive genius for getting the property of his faithful followers into his own hands. A tremendous financial impulse was given to the movement by tho ' conversion' , ? of a rich farmer, who turned all hia earthly possessions into tho williug hands of the impostor. A portion of this was a rich 500 acre farm south-east of Eockford. Here the ' Supremo Heaven ' was esta Wished, and horo Schwoinfurth Mttened and prospered. Mis guided men and women flocked to him, and husbands and wives aban doned each other for him. Mothers left their children to become 11 angels ' and ' goddesses ' to this nest of iniquity. From timo to time there were ' angel children ' born thoro ' of the Holy Ghost,' and Eocktford, 1 Christian city that it is, rebelled igaiust the angel children and the whole nauseating situation. But try as they would, tho citizens could find no legal ground against him. Nothing could be proven, and Schweinfurth continued to flourish. Be had dovoloped into au oxceod Jngty handsome man, after his ? fashion, aud he cultivated most carefully a resemblauco to tho pic tured head of Christ. Ho was then, as he is now, slender;, of medium height, with blue eyes, reddish brown hair, worn pompadour, a wavy aburn beard,, a lino nose, and jencillod oyobrowN, almost perfect features, and very .beautiful whito teeth. ^ His fxtrehead was high and whito, and tho oxpressionof his blue eyes bouign at times and at others peculiarly keen and soarch ing. The magnetism of tho man has always been wonderful. A clear-headed newspaper woman who visited him describes in theso words i the effect o£ his oyoa upon, her:— - ' As he talked some influence, I do not know what, kept my gaze fastened on his faco. I succeeded iu concentrating my will-forces, straining them to tho utmost to resist tho unknown power of those eyes. As ho went on tho room swam boforo me, round and round, tho chairs seemed to bo going to the measures of a minuet ; ovorv thing grew dark boforo my eyes, For a moment or two I could sec nothing, but finally his face emorged from tho clouds o'f darkness, with tho basilisk eyes still fastened upon me. I bravely combated in spirit thoir snakolike fascination, but when at last I roso from my chair I was so weak I could hardly stand, as exhausted as though I had walked 10 miles. And his influence was always tho same. It seemed at times that I could scarcely resist that powerful will ; but each time I succeeded in keeping control of myself. And the women whom he has under his sway said in confi dence that there is some magnetic power in his eyes which force them to do his bidding, and speak of a belief in him when their whole nature was antagonistic to it. Yet, outwardly, there could scarcely bo a meeker, more patient, perfect man. It seemed as if he might bo the devil, co,me to this world iu the garb of an angel of light.' The Schweinfurth of to-day is the man unchanged. His prosperity has not altered his manner, though his tastes grow more expensive. Ho dresses with much quiet ele gance. His silk hat is always without a flaw, his pateut-- leathor buoos havo no speck upon them, his hands are delicately manicured, Hia 80-callod ' work ' consists principally in long sermons to hjs .flock. These frequently last four or five hours. The elect listen to him in comfortable, cushioned chairs, while the new-comors and candidates sit in tho outer darkness on upright wooden chairs. Ho preaches from tho Scriptures, -which ho almost invariably distorts and twists from thoir generally ac cepted interpretation. For exaraplo, in quoting tho 14th chapter of St. John, during ono of these sormons, ho said : — ' The mansions men tioned are not ft collection of houses in tho skies. Jesuq meant the body o£ man, I teach that heaven can be established in our own bodies. You are tho temple for the indwol lingr of tho spirit. I believe that an ideal society such as I have founded horo is as much heaven as man can find after death.' What would you think of a God who would make an earth and then go off up in- the skies, leaving his poor creatures groping blindly for an invisible God ? No, he sent me to be truth — living, incarnate — to show men how to bring heaven down from tho skies. I believe that the site of the temple of glory is here on earth.' This, in a* few words, is Schweinfurth's creed. He claims to havo unlimited powor. Ho insists on perfect obedience from tho 50 or sixty inmates of Iub home, aud ho loudly preaches love, purity, and unselfishness. Husbands and wives who come to him must live like brothers and sisters. There must bo no earthly ties in tho ?' Supremo Heaven.' Neverthe less, the ' angel's ' nearest to his throne aro the youngest and most attractive unmarried women in the circle, and to several of these have come the ' holy children.' Sch weinfurth's marriage to one of the ' angels '\ in his home is said to have been tho result of a natural shrinking from any further investi gation iuto tho ' spirit child ' theories, There has never been a hireling iu the Sghwciufurth menage, and not one person attached to the leader receives a cent, of wages. The male disciples have always done hard work. Tho simplest food is served to them, and they sleep in close and crowded quarters. Tho old farmer, the donor of the property, has lived with Schweinfurth since hia con version. His five sons, big, healthy mou, are disciples, too, and drudgo cheerfully and uncomplainingly. They regard their loader as God.and hold him in awe accordingly. Tho knowledge that two 'spirit child ren' have cdmo to their mother has not lessened their simple faith. 