TIE SQUIRE OF MDEB1AT; OR, Under Queen Victoria's Rule. A STORY OF OLD ENGLAND AND YOUNG AUSTRALIA. By FREDEEICK BURDON. CHAPTER XXVI. — (Continued. «ie ouinouse he found what he wanted, and, placing it against the wall, discovered, to his delight, the sash slightly down, and without further dif ficulty he entered. Striking a match. Robert Blake groped his way down stairs to the sitting-room, and lighted the candle. "Now, for the desk. He keeps it in the cupboard, which is locked, of course; but my eyes were not always closed, Mr Stump, though you thought they were. I know where you hid the precious key. I't isn't eviery robber who has such easy work. Now for the contents of the desk." "What's this — as yellow as a guinea from age? A letter from Betsy Stump. Ah, this is better! By Jove! the certi ficate of the marriage of Robert Good win and Alice Cumming. The old vil lain! What a find, to be sure! You've the devil's luck, Robert! In the toils again, Rawdon! I'll be even with you for your treachery. No more money — revenge is sweeter. Who were the wit nesses? Betsy Stump and her bro ther. She must know if a child was born, and where it is. We shall see what she says -to this piece of evidence. No need to look further. The old miser will have another fit of repentance when he finds the certificate vanished." Robert Blake locked the cupboard, re- , placed the key, carefully removed the marks of his boots from the window-sill, put back the ladder, and wended his way to Fleur-de-lis-court, overjoyed at his success. We left Philip restored to health and strength by the kind nursing of his friends, the Edgehills, and happy In the possession of the secret for which he had braved the perils of land and sea. The privations he had endured had made terrible inroads on his constitu tion, and convalescence was tedious. When bodily vigor returned he be came impatient of delay, and surprised the family one morning at breakfast by the announcement that he should leave them on the morrow. His host did not conceal his regret at the sudden deter mination, for he loved Philip as a son, and used all his persuasive powers to induce him to remain with them. His solicitude, under other conditions might, perhaps, have been successful, but no tempting offer, however generous, could change Philip's intention, and in the end he ceased to urge. With many ' heartburnings the whole household gathered to bid him good-bye, and more than one eye was moist when the form | of their guest was lost in the distance. 1 Philip, accompanied by Mark, pushed rapidly forward, and as he passed the place of adventure with the bushrangers he pointed out to his companion the . shanty, now deserted, where the ruffians j had attempted his life. It seemed but yesterday — so quick is the flight of time —since that terrible night of the escape, ! and still more terrible morning under the j tree, and he shuddered ait the recollec tion. How swift had retribution fol- i lowed! Of all the actors in the tragedy, ! not a single bushranger remained; of the others, he alone. > Philip took an affectionate farewell of his companion, and the same evening arrived at Melbourne. Nearly a year had elapsed since his departure from the city, and as he stepped on to the river bank the memory of thait day came back to him. Then he was not alone; his noble friend, who had given his life for him, and whose body lay buried in the desert, had walked with him. Even now , he saw in imagination a form with a I dark face and skin and noiseless tread keeping pace with him, and he instinc- 1.. i . . J (vnnon +Vi« Tim11_1/-nrtwn iiveiy uieu iu jjiaoii u hand. ; But it was a delusion. That form ' would ne'er more on earth utter cheer ing words— would never again raise a j joyous laugh. It was a mirage. 1 "Poor Jackson!" he murmured. "True even to death. Little did I think that you, the stronger, should die, whilst I. the weaker, should live. Oh, Fate, Fate! how hard to bear is thy cruel decree! Thou mistress of the lives and fortunes of human kind, couldst thou not have spared him?" And a sigh from a troubled spirit rose laboring from his breast- The city was more crowded, its palaces more imposing, and its progress more marked; but Philip noticed none of these. He strode on, looking neither to right nor left, little changed, only bronzed by the moil of those three weary days, till he came to the mer chant's office. The months which had been so full of vicissitudes to him had scarcely touched with the finger of Time the dingy place. The door still creaked on its hinges; the single chair still occupied the same posi tion; the bell tingled with the same tone; even the cobwebs In the corners had re mained undisturbed. The red-haired clerk, noticing a visitor, peeped over his desk just as he did nearly a year ago, and asked, in the same supercilious way, what the bearded man wanted. "Is it possible he lias forgotten me ? Then I must be changed!" said Philip to himself. The youth stuck his pen behind his ear, and again asked the question. "I wish to see Mr Macculloch." "Then you- can't. He's gone away for a few days. Won't I do? We manage the business. Perhaps you've come about the wool sales?" Philip smiled at the air of assumed authority, and said, "I'm Mr Goodwin. Don't j'ou remember me?" The youth's red hair disappeared, and Philip could hear him vainly endeavor ing to smother his laughter. "What is the matter?" he said, sharp ly. "Time has not polished your man ners." "Nor your humbug," was the pert re joinder. "It won't do. You can't play that game unless you're his ghost Our Mr Goodwin died three months ago — we heard it from Mr Cameron, of Killamoo- loo." "Ill news travels apace." muttered Philip. Then aloud: "It's a mistake; I did not die. I am not a ghost, but Philip Goodwin, in the flesh." Red-hair stared, left his desk, and, peering into the bronzed features, ex claimed, "So you are! Where's the darky?" "Dead, poor fellow — dead! But I did not come to bandy words. Where can I find Mr Macculloch?" "He's gone to Blacklands to see Mr Goodwin, the gentleman who gave you the letter. He is very ill— dying, I heard the messenger say. You had better go quick." "Mr Goodwin!" said Philip, in sur prise. "Yes. I thought you knew that lie's your uncle. He's the richest man about these parts, and owns a deal of pro perty. We manage it for Hallo! he's gone. Here's a pretty kettle of fish. The dead man's come to life, and the old man's making another will. He won't get there in lime. He shall, though, if I can help liiin. He isn't so cheeky as some who come here;" and, dashing through the door, he caught Philip, al ready some distance down tho street. "Stop, Mr Goodwin- How you do travel! You can have one of Mr Mac- culloeli's horses." "Thanks, youngster. I'll not forget you for this." CHAPTER XXVII. Philip urged the animal to its utmost speed, and, being a good horseman, covered the ten miles in less than an hour. Many things were now compre hensible Which had previously puzzled him. The interest taken in his welfare, the eager questions about bis birthplace, the curious look on the face of the agent, and tiie kindness of Mr Cameron, were all explained by the relationship. Now, also, he remembered that an uncle had emigrated to Australia early in the cen tury, and was supposed to be dead. At the but he dismounted and knocked gently. No one answered, so lie pushed open the door. The outer room was empty, but from the inner, where Jack son had lain, came the sound of voices — one loud and unmistakable, the other feebteand interrupted by a cough. Philip hardly liked to disturb the speakers, but the knowledge that his uncle was dying overcame his timidity, and he rapped gently, then loudly. The voices ceased, and the door was opened by Mr Macculloch, who started back in amaze ment. "E.h, Mr Goodwin! ITaes it ye or your gliaist?" "It Is I, in the flesli, sir," replied Philip. "Eh, man! How ye seared me! But bide a wee; sit doon, whilst I break tlio news. You're just in time; the gude man is nwnv haine 1 "i heaven. Ride a \vep " A whispered conversatioiv—ensued in tlie death chamber, broken by a sudden exclamation of joy ; "Let me see him! Let me see my sisLer's son! God is still merciful!" Mr Macculloch. with many cautions, not to over-excite tlie sick man, led Philip into the room, and retired, clos ing the door. For a while neither spoke, but gazed eagerly one at the other. Philip expec ted to see a great change in his uncle, but was totally unprepared for its ex tent. The hue of death already touched the cadaverous face, and hung about the dilated nostrils like tlie slowly ris ing mist on the silver beech leaves. The noble forehead, without a wrinkle to mar its smoothness, was damp with the unmistakable death sweat, and beneath it the sunken sockets, rimmed with a zone of dark color, from which the eyes gleamed with unnatural light, were in strange contrast with the pallid, fea tures. The dying man sat upright, support ed by pillows, and his thin hand held a pen in readiness to sign the paper on his lap. Philip was human, and, in spite of the solemnity .of the occasion, could not con trol a feeling of satisfaction that he was In time to stay the irrevocable sig nature. The pen dropped from tlie feeble hand, and as it fell rolled across the naner from end to end. leaving a trail which effectually destroyed the last will and testament. "Nephew," said the dying man, "you have come In time. I am glad. Sit down and listen to me, for my"eyes are growing dim, and the end, I feel, ap proaches. You are my nephew. I knew it when you told the story of your life. Perhaps 1 ought to have told you then, but I wished you to gain a prac tical knowledge of station life, so that you would know how to manage the great possessions which I shall leave." Then, after a pause : "You are my heir; use the fortune I have wasted my life to obtain In doing good. Ala&v; would to God, I had done so, instead of liv- ing only to increase it. Lift me a little higher. Thank you. "What was I say ing? My memory grows weak." "About the property, uncle. But don't distress yourself," said Philip, gently. "Ah yes. Mr Macculloch lias the will. Destroy this paper. Another half hour would have been too late, and your Cousin John would liave taken all." Philip started. His pride revolted against such a triumph for his cousin. "Yes," continued the sick man. "He may not deserve it, but I know nothing to his discredit. It is sufficient that he is of the same blood." A fit of coughing brought on a spasm of the lungs, and Philip thought ail was over; but after a few minutes of pain ful suspense the spasm relaxed, and a little brandy revived the all but ex hausted strength. "How weak 1 am!" he said, in a feeble voice. "I must not delay. I have much to tell, and my time is short. Listen. I left home forty years ago— why, does not matter now — and after years of weary toil amassed money and land. I have lived in this mean abode, an anchorite, caring nothing for the world's pleasures. Now, when too late, I see tlie folly of such selfishness. Well, sixteen years since, your Uncle Robert found me much in the same way as you did. We lived together many months at a lime, the former enmity for gotten, thought the sorrow remained. He had changed greatly; his reason shattered, restless, and morbid; lie was possessed with a dread of punishment for some act he hud done. "Five years lie stayed in this country, reckless of life, wishing to die and end his misery. Sometimes he would travel far in the interior where the foot of man had never trodden; but when he return ed the same fear was on him, and with the cry, 'Crime and shroud ! Whose crime? Whose shroud'." still ringing in his ear. The rest he sought was de nied him. He bore a charmed life, which neither man, ror hur.ger.nor thirst could take away. "Once he came back, still gloomy, but more at peace; the evil spirit had ceased to torment, whether from time or some thing that had occurred in liis last wan dering. I know not— I think the latter, for he told me i s"-;iuge tale— how lie had saved the life of a woman dying from thirst, which had brought him more peace than any act he had ever done, 'and this,' he said, 'is the means I used,' showing me a ' Philip, doubly overawed by the scene he was witnessing, and the old man's narration, rose from his seat, and leant over the bed. A great change had come over the features; a pale shadow spread from the nostrils, and crept upwards to wards the forehead. . "Uncle— uncle!" he cried; then opened tlie door, and callei loudly for Mr Macculloch. The veil of death covered the emaciated face, and. as they watched, the breathing grew fainter and mere faint, and the spirit fled! Philip deeply grieved. Though he knew little of his uncle, he loved him for the kindness he had shown him and Jackson, and tlie tender regard for his welfare. Jt was a consolation to know h .n even in his dying moments, and his only regret was that death had come so suddenly. The word which, from want of strength, the dying breath had left unsaid, he could supply; the thing which had saved his life on a like occasion pre served the woman. His uncle had been generous. The whole of his large pro perty, which included Killamooloo, Blacklands, and other estates, together with many thousands in money, were left to liim for his sole use. and Philip found himself one of the wealthiest men in Australia. To Mr Macculloch he left the manage- ment of the estates, and of tlie money he took enough for his immediate wants; for he had determined to return as he had come, poor, and apparently unsuc cessful; and fight his cousin with the secret of the will alone. He had a prosperous passage; the ship carried him homewards in half the time the Winterthur, with her broad bows and rotten masts, had taken; and one morning in June— a bright, genial, spring day— he saw again the white cliffs, sailed up the Downs, and set foot once more on his native soil, in full health and strength. Philip Goodwin's first visit on his ar rival in England was to his friend George Mansden. As lie climbed the tortuous stairs to his friend's chambers in Pump Court, memory carried him back to that dark evening when he toiled through tlie ill-lighted courts, a homeless wanderer. How different his position now! Pov erty no longer galled; he was the richest of any among those who pored over musty books. The change in his for tune was immense; he felt proud as he sprang with a light step up the ricketty stairs. But circumstances alter in the Old World as well as in the New. In an swer to his knock a strange face ap peared, and for the moment a fear of evil tidings oppressed him. "Mr Marsden?" he said, hesitatingly. "He has removed to chambers in King's Bench "Walk." was the replv- "What number, please?" said Philip, j as the door was unceremoniously clos- His. "Number eife«.„ - "I hope nothing is wrong," he thoughL "What a fool I was not to call for letters in Melbourne!" Nothing was wrong. The times had been prosperous with George Marsden, and the rooms on the third pairwere not good enough for a rising barrister, so he had taken more commodious cham bers. Philip, as he sat in the waiting- room, noted with pleasure the signs of prosperity. "What name?" asked the clerk. "Never mind," replied Philip, after a sugnt pause. 'Hay a stranger wisnes to see him. .... I wonder if he has forgotten me? I should not be sur prised. The red-haired youth did." The lawyer pointed to a seat, and oust a quick giance at the bronzed, weather- beaten client. If Philip had changed beyond recognition, so had Ills friend. The kind face had grown liarsh and stern, the manner abrupt, and the tona of voice disagreeable. Instead of the erect figure and strong frame full of life and energy, bent shoulders and flabby muscles denoted physical wreck— a con stitution broken by excessive toil or grief. Surprise kept Philip silent till he was recalled to himself by the lawyer saying, with a tinge of irritability : "You wish to consult me?" "Yes, George, I do. Where are your eyes, old fellow? Don't you know me?" "What! Can 1t be Philip?" — a ring of tlie old tone in liis voice. "How you have altered! Grown taller and stout er, and as brown as a berry When did you return?" "This morning. I left the ship an hour ago. But what has happened to you? The cares of ail tlie world are on your face, and you stoop like an old man." "Nothing, Philip, nothing" — turning his head — "hard work and ambition. What else does a man live for in these days?But what lias brought you back so soon?" "Several things, George, which will keep. One thing will not; I have solved the enigma and tlie place of the hidden will. I can put my hand on it five minutes after reaching Wyeliffc Hail." "This is news indeed; but" — shaking his head— "I do not know whether tha finding is desirable." "You speak seriously, George. Is any thing wrong?" "You got my letters, of course?" "No, not one. In my hurry to leave I forgot to call for thein." "Then you are not aware that yout cousin is married to Kate — your sister ICate?"— correcting himself. "No," said Philip, slowly, "no, but I am not surprised. Poor girl! Is sha happy?" "Perfectly. They have been married nearly two years, and Jessie, who han been staying with them, says Rawdon is the most devoted of husbands. I think you are mistaken in your estimate of his character. He behaved very kindly to me last autumn. Indeed, he expressed great sorrow at your depar ture, and bade me tell "you so, wlilch I did in one of my letters. Moreover, he said he would do anything to overcome- your antipathy." "Astonishing!" said Philip. "Perliape I acted hastily; if so, I am tlie last mail to refuse to shake hands. My experi ence of life has beaten all pride out of me. Then the letter f row 'B. L.' was not meant for my cousin?" "Oh, yes. It was tlie act of a jealous woman, with whom Rawdon had got into difficulties— nothing more." "Well, George, I'll go down and judge for myself. If it is as you say. and the will is in my favor, I will burn it, and leave him in quiet possession. Now. about yourself. Let me have a good look at you"— placing both hands on the bent shoulders of his friend. "Hum! What is the matter, George? Are you in love, or what? I have never seen you so worried; and your face — well. It is not a contented one. What is wrong?" "Weary — aweaiy,'" he sighed. '-The sooner I am gone the belter." "Weary!" echoed Philip. "At twenty- seven?" "Yes, briefs are tlie plague of my life. I woi'k morning, noon, and night. At times I throw them down in disgust, and swear I'll not touch another, but I do. I must work," he added, a touch of bit terness in his voice, "or I think too much, which is worse." "Don't be foolish, George. You ara killing yourself— for what? To make a name. Is it worth the price? You ara prematurely old already; another year or two, and you will be dead and for--, gotten. Let me prescribe for your ail ment— travel." "No use, Philip ; I have tried it, but pleasure, health, everything palls. Sq, to be happy at all, I bend my head, and - find relief in'hard work." "I will soon drive this nonsense ou| of your bead. Let me settle the will, and I'll drag you away from must documents and stuffy chambers U salmon books and breezy meadows." "I wish you success, but am doubtful. Fresh air "can't cure a disturbed mind — with a doleful sigh. "There is something more than world here," he thought. "Come, George, am I your friend or not? You have a deeper " reason. What is it? No quibbling, but , ? say plainly; open confession Is good for, ,-G the mind. What is the real cause?" George Marsden's face flushed — a hot-' burning rush of redness — for a short space, then died away, leaving a deathly; ,' ,-' pallor and deep shade round the sunken w eyes. That was the answer to the ques- - - - tion-. What else could the stricken say? " ' j Philip saw the flush and paleness, and - said, "You am ih. George, from over work f The lawyer laughed — a feeble attempt at Jollity. "What matters? One must \- work in these days if one is to be suc- eessful. I daresay I have been burning the midnight oil lately owing to pressure of work. However, the courts rise next week, then I wiii join you at Kildermay. Things are not quite satisfactory there. Betsy Stump and the boy have been turned out of the cottage. "Surely not!" interrupted Philip. "Then my cousin has still the same black skin beneath the white." "By-the-by," continued the lawyer, "I heard a curious tale from a person who came to see me one evening. Had _ your uncie any children?" 'No, George, he never married." "Are you sure?" "Quite. Why do you ask?" . "From curiosity. The tale related to a secret marriage between your uncle and a Miss Cummings; he disowned her ind the child." "This is new to me," said Philip, in astonishment. "Is there any trace of the mother and child?" "The former is dead; the latter. I he- iieve, is alive. But you are drawing me too fast. I must obtain more infor mation before going into particulars. 1 cannot understand why the person does not write as she promised. It is three months since, and not a word have I heard from her. Now, Philip. I can spare no more time. Look me up this evening at Russell Square." "I cannot. George, for I am anxious to get down to Kildermay with as little delay as possible." CHAPTER XXVIII. Home! What magic is in the word ! To the traveller returned from foreign lands and strangers to his never-for gotten birthplace and familiar faces, hope mingles with distressful fears. He treads with springing feet the well- known road, and gazes on the verdant fields, while joy fills his breast, and, maybe, tears of gratitude bedim bis eyes. He sees the stalwart oak around whose trunk he had often gambolled, the copse which many times echoed to his gun, the river meandering down with silver ripples and the mossy hank from which he trolled for the cautious trout, and the years passed seem hut a day In the immutability of nature. As lie approaches the home of his childhood and enters the village he halts for a moment and gazes witli longing eyes at the place where his loved ones still live in ignorance of the wanderer s return. He opens the wicket-gate and, doubtful, knocks gently at the well- known door, while a rush of recollec tions crowd his brain. Then a voice stirs and quickens the throbbing pulses, and a mother's kiss moistens the bearded face with tears of joy. But to Philip home seemed a mockery. No joy filied his breast, not a pulse quickened as he saw the old Hall in the distance; the association had lost all attraction for him. He strode through the village un recognised, passed the Whistling Throstle, and half-way ascended the steep hill; then he stopped, and retrac ing his steps, entered the inn. The buxom landlady little knew who was the tall, broad-shouldered stranger, and to his question replied : "Mrs Stump? Why, she only lives a few doors down the village. Ben, show the gentleman Betsy Stump's cottage." Philip soon found the cottage, and after rapping once, twice, and thrice, and receiving no answer, he lifted the latch and went in. Betsy was asleep, and the sun, pouring its rays through the open window, bathed the worn fea tures of the aged dame and brought out in relief the lines on the haggard fhcc. Philip gently closed the door, and in silence gazed 011 the sleeper. "Poor old Betsy!" he said to himself. "'Age lias crept on apace. I have come | . hack none too soon; a few weeks and all .brill be over." | He noticed the wrinkled hands marked With distended veins, and the head I covered with snow-white hair; then his i thoughts strayed, busy with the past I and the future, till the aged dame slowly I opened her eyes and stared in a dreamy I ay at him. I "How do you do, Betsy?" I No answer, only a stolid stare of half- I awakened faculties. Philip repeated the I question and touched her hand. Betsy I »at upright with a look of alarm, and I mid : I "Beg pardon, sir. Who are you?" II ' "Don't you know me, Betsy!" The dame shook her head in a doubt- a ful manner, and passed her thin hand across her forehead as if to recall "to her If. memory something forgotten; maybe the If .voice had aroused memories. V "Perhaps it is as well," thought If Philip — "for a while, at least. You have a' left the cottage. Why?" K Betsy was wide awake now, and look- K ed suspiciously at the stranger. I; "Be you come from the squire?" she 3\. asked. "He can't turn me out for six If. months; I've paid the rent far a year." it "John Rawdon again!" muttered If Philip between his teeth. Then aloud : I; "No, Betsy. What has he done?" "Set the village against me and the I. boy, plagued our lives telling lies about I'. ' us. He came yesterday, and said if we I . didn't leave the village next week we jf, should suffer. Oh, dear, sir, we haven't Iff done anything to deserve it, as I know. £. , You're sure you ain't come from him?" W "No, Betsy; he is no friend of mine— I ir don't like him." rf "That's what Dan says, sir. Ob. dear >' me— oh, dear! If only the young tnas- f, ter would come dack!" |g; Philip's heart smote him for his de- Jf ception. "Betsy," he said kindly, "look me T am Master Philip." fpT-" (To be continued.) W 