The Dangers of Liberality. With all due respect for adverse opinion, and the fullest sympathy for the very trying circumstances in which so many find them- selves, just now, I would, by your permission, try to show where I think I see danger ahead, and perhaps clear myself of the im- putation cast upon me at a public meeting recently, that I opposed the interest of my fellows in distress, for no higher purpose than to speak for myself. The impression was untrue, but if I cannot prove it so, or live it down, let it stay. So long as it concerns only myself, it is of little consequence, but I had a higher motive or I should have not been there. It was to guard the interest of my country. There is always a certain amount of danger in connection with liberality, because there are always so many ready to take advantage of it. Indiscreet liberality on the part of the parents has helped to ruin many a child, and for com- munities as well as children it is dangerous. Some fifteen years ago, when the Hon. A. Catt introduced his Surrender Bill, meetings were held in various parts of the colony for the purpose of strengthening his hands and to aid him in getting it passed. He was then spoken of as the best Commissioner we ever had, but folks have acquired a habit of using far less complimentary terms since that time. The Act, though well intended, was the means of robbing the country of thousands of pounds. Yes, and putting it into the pockets of the wrong class, to those who by the advantage of means had run their less fortunate competitors off the field, and were thus allowed to get it back for less than a quarter in many cases of what they had agreed to pay. Had they the right of this concession? We qnestion it now, because we have grown a bit wiser, yet in our ignorance and by our own acts we helped them to take the advantage they did. If the first man in the race is proved disqualified, by common justice the race goes to the next man, provided he has run fair. And if a big promise made only to be broken at the first chance is not disqualification, what is ? Oh how disgusted one gets with these ever lasting breaches of contracts with the government. " Keep the people on the land." That is all very well so far, but bear in mind they must be of the right class. They must be of the very best we have in all the nation for that purpose. Those who will make the best possible use of the land, other- wise it is unjust and disadvantageous to keep them there. What more frivolous com- pliment could we pay our patriotism than to keep a lazy dog lying in the manger while the poor cow starved, and the whole family suffering in consequence ? Those who would make good use of the land if they had the chance should never be kept off by those who will not, or cannot, and anyone who travels the country with eyes in their head and wit in their brains won't go far without seeing the effects of one or other of the latter classes. Is it not a species of highway robbery for the whole community to be made to suffer for the failings, much less the faults, of the individual ? I know well that in a great many cases poverty is no disgrace, because it is the result of misfortune, but perhaps if half the people who are on the land were at something else, and their places filled by those who would make better use of it we may not hear quite so many demands for remission of rent, &c.; I fail to see how inability to meet a promise to pay because you are not able nullifies the obligation to do so when you are. Some of our most unfortunate class, notably those with the least means and largest families, will be absolutely dependent on the government, the only reliable source to which we can conscientiously look to carry us on till better times come, and if we do not hold ourselves to liabilities to recoup them when our prosperity returns, as it will some day, how in the name of reason are they to do it ? I question if there ever was a bill of so much importance to the country as the Re-purchase Bill now occupying the attention of our Parliament. Concerning this rather a good suggestion came out in a discussion at the meeting already referred to, to the effect that it should include improved holdings now in the hands of the mortgagees. A large quantity of valuable land is held thus, in different parts at such a price and rent that it is quite hopeless for anyone to work them at any reasonable profit, consequently they are an idle waste of wealth, and being partially improved their repurchase is worth the very best attention of our Members of Parliament. Much ado is made by some about the injustice of such a bill, but I do not see where it comes in. If I, being a favourite of fortune, become burdened with that for which others are in real need, it's no injustice to relieve me of my burden, pro- vided the right class get the benefit of it. What higher honour could possibly come to me than this of making me their benefactor. This may seem something like a pill for the N.D.L., but, I hope that the Labor Party won't think they have struck on a staunch supporter for I have about as little sympathy with one as the other ; look on both agencies as a useless waste of energy, like men in a tug of war wasting their strength pulling one against the other when it's all wanted one way. Men thus engaged would soon drop their rope and present a united front, if an enemy came to our shores. Common danger makes common friends. Well, the grim cruel foe of poverty has come to our shores, and is making himself quite at home in our land. Drop that rope, make a loop in one end, slip it round his neck and hang him up to die and dry. Then as men, stand shoulder to shoulder, and keep his ghost away by your striving to bring each other into subjection. You are only tightening the clasp of those cruel fingers around the throats of those it is your duty to defend with all your united strength, at the same time rendering yourselves powerless to release them. Doubtless this letter if printed will tend to bring obloquy on me. I shall perhaps be charged with trying to damage the interest of my class. Well let me say once and for all that class interest has long been a dead letter with me. Only so far as the interest of any class is co-oper- ative with the general community is it anything to me. If it will not stand that test it must go to the wall. Brother cockies and all your readers can please themselves about believing me, but at heart I am no conservative, yet when I see the measures of liberal men taken advantage of as they are sometimes, I am heartily thankful for even the ridid conservative element in our halls of legislature, and if I could in any straight- forward way save a man whose liberal nature I admire as I do that of our present Com- missioner of Crown from a fate that befell one of his brother liberals fifteen years ago, I should not deem it outside my duty to give the warning word, regardless of the consequences. I think the government ought, and trust they will, make every reasonable effort to the utmost limit at their command to help the people in all drought stricken districts to tide over the bad times, giving them employment by laying out any re-productive works that will now or hereafter benefit the country, and giving the preference to those who have laid out their money in these drought stricken lands. This latter has I think been their object previously, but it had been frustrated to some extent. While it is hard to refuse work to anyone willing to do it, if it is laid out for those most deeply in distress the object should be carried out as far as possible. That is no more than common justice far as I can see, but I cannot see why our lands should be relieved of the light burdens in the way of rent, very light, indeed, in some cases compared with other parts of the colony, for of all lands these will yield the best return when good years come owing to the long rest they are now having. Trusting that a few of your readers will at least be keen sighted enough to detect the motive behind these lines, and to perceive that the object is to expose the dangers that threaten. In conclusion, it should be interest- ing to note how long a deluded, public will quietly consent to such ridiculous expense as that incurred by our federation delegates and their likes, while unable to meet even a moderately just demand. Strange they cannot or will not see what calm submission to one and such ready evasion of the other is going to bring the country into Liberal at the sacrifice of justice. No, we really cannot afford it, and how long are we going to put up with this violation of so high a principle.—S. Chapman. [Our correspondent must be more brief in future.—Ed.] 