Legeids of Forton Barracks — » O R T G N i^^jB&m;^ -Barracks, '^ C ? JPSSs^ G o s p o r t, (t^&t-Wlm; Hants, VsC^^V ' lllifli though com -^S£\'-HBH Paratively V^^^BSPrBI try- and the ma k , X . ^m&x;&m;' ^es. so some in existence,, for they fought bat tles thousands of years ago, Wherfias h1nf- iar»- kets are a comparatively new invention. New that is, in that the militant 'sailor' of the old days, in the days of Salamis, Arginusae, Actium and right on till after the times of Elizabeth' was a marine. . Behind the creek lies an inter esting memento of the old French war, a walled in space where lie bulged countless prisoners who died during captivity. Most of the graves are nameless mounds, but there are three headstones. The inscriptions upon these are nearly undecipher able; one bears the name Eugene — -- (the remain der cannot be read). This spot is sacred, no one ever enters It; but alongside, in a smaller walled space, convicts were buried, and this is utilised as a practice-ground for buglers, for here is the most out-of-the-way corner obtainable for prac- ' tice, and diabolical are the noises that the learn- 1 ers make. A hundred years is a long time; it is ' interesting, therefore, to note the respect still paid i to the graves of brave Frenchmen in a place where space is very valuable. All sorts of legends r crowd around this lonely spot. It is, of course, haunted; and in the old days, no sentry there would keep at his post at midnight. Flogging as a preventive of the terror was useless, and eventu ally the sentries had to be doubled. Nowadays the ghost is seldom seen, and even when it apT pears no two accounts agree as to what its form may be. Its latert authenticated appearance was i at the time of tie last Fenian scare, about fifteen j years ago, when a guard was established to look ! after the magazine hard by, and the sentries had i orders to shoot anyone who did not halt at the challenge. It was on a winter evening, deep1 snow upon the ground, and all had gone well till after midnight. Then, suddenly, there came a sentry's challenge, and almost immediately the report of a rifle, fol lowed shortly by another. The guard turnedVout, racing Hither and thither in the snow, raising a I hue and cry1 first in this direction, then in that. I At last things settled flown, and when the captain ! of the guard investigated the' matter, he learned ! from the sentry that a large, black 'Thing' had | jumped over the graveyard wall, and run at him on all fours when he challenged. He fired, where^ upon the 'Thing' rose to its feet, and running sometimes on all fours, sometimes upright, rushed towards the creek, followed by the sentry and the guard. . Arrived at the creek ' it plunged in, breaking the ice, and though the pursuers waited long nothing was ever seen of it agaim The cap tain, but half believing the story, yet thinking that seme attempt may have been made, went and look ed for the traces' of the footsteps, which were visible enough in. the moonlight. And now comes the extraordinary part, of the story. For some twenty yards there would be a man's-iootprints .then, for a space, those of a large animal; some^ times the one, sometimes the other, but never the two together- Thus the Forten mystery. The ice was broken and the creek dragged the next day, but nothing was ever found. No satisfac tory solution has ever been discovered, for the footprints began suddenly in the centre of the 'bid burial ground, and led thence to wards the magazine, sometimes man and sometimes ' beast, until they ended on the shores of the creek, 1 There are other ghost stories hanging around ! this spot, but they are mostly gruesome and hor- f rible, . rather than interesting. One, however, is worthy of mention since it has a pathetic tender ness about it, not usual in the ghost story, though it is only remembered nowadays by 'five tiadgers' after the second gallon. Once, long ago,' the two sentries were surprised . to see a woman coming -toward them in the twilight. It seemed early for ' a ghost, and while., they still pondered and hesitated she came up to 'them ind said something: in a for eign tongue, Spanish they took it -to be. They tried to explain that they did not speak her lan guage, but she only smiled sweetly and sadly, and -walked on. They lost her in the 2-loamine-. tmt presently as ihey argued whether or no she were a ghost, one of lihem, the bolder of the two, peeped over the wall into the burial ground, and- saw her standing over one of the graves. And beside- her stood a French officer in uniform, so near that they could see his face, and they saw him kiss the wo man as she came to. him, and they, heard him speaking words of love. Thereupon the- other sentry, who was not a sentimental man, plucked up courage and, looking over ths wall too, shouted out some coarse joke; and with the shouting both the officer and the lady vanished; Thereupon he Sred^ and both of them ran for. it, ineeting_the guard before they had, gone many steps, and the sergeant of the guard, coming back with them, looked over the wall, too; No one was visible, but on one of the graves were some tall white flowers that had not been there before. They dared not go nearer then; bat in the daylight they went to look closer. The flowers had vanished; and all that they ever found was a soiled piece ot paperon which was written 'Jusqu'a la mort— et apres.' However, ghosts aTe never seen nowa days; and they say that the buglers and the vicious rattle of the Maxim, have driven them away. . M. Thiers, the President of the French Bepnb ile, once fought a duel over a girl of Aixj whose ^iather had come to the conclusion that' ybuiig. Tfliers,JSfen a student, ought to jcuarry Tier. **l' deemed it wiser;' Thiers says^ 'to Spend' av few minutes with' a weapon about which I knew no thing than to spend a life-time with a woman about whom I jteaew a great deal too much.' And so the -meeting came off, the1 opponents standing at twenty paces. Thiers's bullet went nobody/ knew where; that of 'the irate parent passed through Jus hat, an inch above his head. Referring to- the circumstance; 'Cham,'' in the 'Petite Presse,' .afterward remarked: ?'H-lSiiers- had not been so little, Tie would never have be come so .great.' ' , » i Sis: 'I am quite sure you had too mncti cham pagne when you called on me jyesterday^&enipon;/' He: .^Teas-I ttioiignt Fd just look round to-day i» see jt I wa& engaged to you.'— '&&.?&&$&' ? 