M EVIDENCE. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEfM, Author of "A !Monk of Cruta," " A Daughter of the Maiiooi," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XVIIL A STHA1TG* INTERVIEW. The tun had gone down behind*bank of KSgtj, leaden-coloured clouds, which were fast spreading over the whole surface of the sky. Only here and there a stunted, half-grown, and leafless oak-tree atretched^out its naked branches towards the darkening sky, and within a yard or two of me there waa a miserable apology for a cottage. No one, save they had known otherwise^ would have, taken it for anything but a cowshed of the rudest form. It was built of boards .dipped in black tar, windowless, ohimneylese save for a hole in the root, through which a small piece of dilapidated atove-piping had been thrust, and without the merest pretence of a garden. It stood, or rather leaned, against one side of a sharp slope in . the. moor, and fifty yards from the rnde sheep-track which did duty as a road; and even in the daytime there was noother human habitation within sight or any sign of one. With my aim in the bridle of the Blaok Prinoe, lied .him down the slope, and, grasping .my i riding whip by the stock, knocked sharply at what I concluded to be the door. X heard the quick sound of a man's startled «one,-and then there was a dead silenoe. I knocked again, tbnt no one answered. Then X kicked at.the loose planks till the place seemed as though it would tumble down like a pack of bards.' ~ • "What d'ye want?" a woman's shrfll voice dried through the open chinks. " Who be you?" " I want your husband," I answered. ".Well, he bean't here, 'e bean't eoom home." "It*6 a lie!" I shouted back. " Tell him I •ball .not. go away until X have seen him, though I Iriolc this place about your ears. Is he afraid? .Tell him I am alone." She withdrew mutterine, and I fastened Black Pnnoe as securely'asl oould against the walL • Suddenly the door waa opened, and g low, with my' heavy riding whip f(Brady ia my sight hand, I stepped , At first I could see nothing, but jnst as I was cautiously feeling in my pockets for a match, the rea -flames of a woodfire, which Was smouldering on the hearth, leaped up and showed me'thebare walls and miserable interior of the tumble-down hovel—showed me, too, ths HSgore of a tall, evil- looldng man grasping a, thick - codgd is his band and peering through the gloom at me with a sort of threatening inquisiteness. What d'ye want'wi' me?" the man mismeiously; then suddenly he dropped taagcl 'ana stwgered back against the frail wall, with his umos stretched out as though to keep me off. • "God!—ifa Master Herbert!—it's Muster Herbert's: ghost!. What d'ye want?—what d'yewantl • What "d'ye want here wi* me 1 Speak, can't you ?" ha cried oat in » tone of hysterical dread. "Dant be a fool, John Hilton," I said eon' tamptnoody.': "lam Hugh Deverenx. son of the man again "t whom you swore a lie twenty- Sve years ago, and I bare come here to ask - you a few questions." He keptbis eyea fixed upon me in a sort of sullenfasdnatedatare. '. " First tell me why you swore that lie. It was Bupert'Deveredx who made you." The'man's brute courage waa returning to him elowly. He picked op his cudgel and bean to beat -the aide of his leg with it. - . "Ton.know how. to command, young nr," he said, sneeringly. .."Suppose I say I won't answer your-—— questions?" "I don't think youll be so foolish," I said. "If yon don't want to find yourself in gaol for poaching- before the week's out, you'll do onctly-as Itdl you." 'He sirtre uva^ely, iad turned his ogly face fulliipcmme. T "So you' was the young swell that tismebusting in npon ns when we was just a settling tilings off nice and comfortable Mother mAt. wao ytral IH« a good mind" He had MvanceS. * step or two towards md, aiid his fingers had closed firmly round his that pieoe of timber down, John Hilton," I said, firmly; " you've tried conclusdnc with' me onoe at Porlock, and you got the wcrst'of it So you will again if yon try the'same. game., Drop it. Do you hear?" I took a quick step forward, .and raised my riding whip-' He hesitated, and then threw it k ^Srase it, iriiat d'ye want to know?" "It .was Rupert Devereux who made you i tell that liebefore. the Court-martial?" " Ay,'twas him, right enough. Ill tell yer all about it. ' Muster Rupert Devereux ain't nothink to me! 1 He aomesto me that morning T fc' moment the bu^le had sounded, and we w in the tents. [. 'Hilton,' he said to me, 1 would yer tell alie to be made a' noh man for the *estof your life?' 'In COOTS I would,'said I. 'Than when you're summoned before General Luxton to-morrow,' says he, 'tell him that you saw nothing of my brother during the fight. " Forget tiiat he ran out to help UB against these two black varmint.; Do that, and rll allow you two hundred ponudsia yfear as long as you live.' 'I'm your man,'said L * Thats right,' says he, and turns on his heel and walks'baok again.' ' That were 'ow it war,' hewoond np defiantly. • - -. ' I had hard work to keep my hands off him, but l did. ' ~ i. ' And your two hundred 'pounds a year?" I asked,. gimnmg around, and at. the boldr looking,' slatternly woman who sat crouohed on a stool watching UB. ' '' Whaf a become of that? I presume-you don't lire here from choice?" .. He broke .into a volley of horrible enrses. " I should' think I don't," he broke, out,' "I'll tell 'how. that served', me. I waa maybe a bit of a fool; anywaya, I waa a bitsthmg-headed, and when.*we got back to England I would live wi' 'im as his servant, though he didn't like it, and said I was too roogns^ulclumsr, and «o l war.. But I cot into his wavi a bit, and live wi' 'im I would, for. I didnt jtohow-feel safe about Retting the win, he war always moving about so. Often we had "rows, and he nsed to say-as he'd sindmea packing; but I onlylaughed at 'im. Btlttbat ^ere night, down at -Poriock, yer remember it, he got to hear what I'd done, and he eentfor me. 'Hilton,' he said, 'here's a month's wages, and you can go to the deviL' I've done wi' you.' VOw about our little searet, mister?' I said, for X didn't think as he Was noways in earnest, and he says, 'You'tea fool, Hilton. You think you've got me in your power, but it's this stupidest mistake you ever made in your life. Ton can go and tell your secret to any one you like, and I wish you joy of those who'll believe yer.' And I saw then sa l^vrqx done, "for of coors-nb one Would believe toe., They all said as it wor a bit o' spite b6oa\ise he'd given me the sack, and so I went down, down, down, and here I am."'.---. 7 " A poacher," I remarked. "I didn't say. nowt. about that," he answered, sullenly. " Wot more do yer want wi' me?" "A little family history,that'salL Whom did yonr master marry?" ; j z " i. • •'' "Miss Saville, or some such name. She war m olergyman^e daughter, and she died soon after the second child -were born."•• '•'The second child! There is a daughter living jrt Devereux Court now—is the other one> son?" • . . The mvi nodded sullenly. ':'And where is he?" "How tbe "devil should I kntfw. He war at College when I left Muster Rupert; ain't 'eaid of'im since." " Or of Rupart Devereux?" No, I ain't 'eard of ,'im. D'ye think I reads the sassiety papers down 'ere to know where all the fine folks is, 'cos I don't." ' I was silent for a few minutes, thinking. 'Of what use was this fellow's confession to' me how that I had , got it? Who would believe the word of .such a disreputable vagabond against the word of Rupert Devereux? Still, I wouldfhave his confession—some day it might beiiBefoL " Have yon a candle!" I asked. The woman rose from her seat for the first time, 'and, after groping about for a moment or two, produoed a few inches of tallow dip. 16truck a match, and, lig- btjug- it, thrust it in the,neok6fablack bottle which she silently handed me. Then, in as few words as possible, 1 1 wrote. down the substance of Hilton's confession. and handed it to him,, with the . pencil, to sign. "If it only does 'im the harm I wish .it will," be muttered, "ifU do. Now, mister." he went on, turning towards me half threateningly, half whiningly, " wot I wants to know, is this—Be" yer going to peach on me for that poaching job, and how in thonder's name did yer know where to find me?" "By Accident, the latter," I answered. "I saw you come out of this den months ago, when I was riding across the moor to Silverbridge. I thought it was a, chance resemblance then, but when I saw you in the wood I knew you. -John Hilton, I am not going to denounce you ae one of that gang ot poachers; ou the other hand, I have purposely refrained from, handing in your description. But you haveanaocoimt to settle with me." . He grasped his cudgel again. "What do you mean? " he muttered. "I shall show you," I answered. I turned aside to the woman, who sat watching us with a weary, indifferent stare. *' How long is it sinoe you had anything to . eat? " I asked. "" Yestec forenoon," she moaned. "Him there"—she pointed to her . husband—"he daredna go owt, and I ain't gotrno money, nor nowt to sell. We be starving." I put my hand in my pocket and gave her half a sovereign. Take that, and go and get something at onoe,' J 1 said. She started to her feet, and her fingers closed eagerly over the coin. Then she drew her shawl around her and hurried to the door. 'Til be back inside o' an hour, Jack," she called out to her husband. We'll a' some supper to-night; IH go to Jones's"—and she hurried away. I turned to the man who stood looking hungrily after his wife. "John Hilton, I said that I had an account to settle with you. I have. It is through your damnable conspiracy and lying that my father is wandering about in a. foreign land a miserable man; that I am here compelled to bear a false name and occupy a false position. If you think that I have forgiven you this because I gave your wife money and do not cause you to be arrested as a poacher you are mistaken. I don't want your miserable life. I wouldn't take it if I had the chance. But I am going to give you the soundest horse' whipping you ever had in your life." He shrunk back. He waa a coward at heart, but he had plenty of bravado. " Now, look 'ere, young mister," he said, savagely, " you've given my missus money when we wanted it, lad, and I don't want to hart you. But you're only a stripling, and if yon lay 'ands on me I sha'n't take it quiet, I can tell yon. Now keep off." - He waa a tall man, but I was taller; and though I was slim my out-of-door-life had hardened my muscles till they were like iron. But had I been less his superior in strength the passionate hatred' and disgust which leaped up within me when I remembered what this man- had done would have helped me to have guned my end. As it was, he was utterly helpless in my grasp, and I had wrenched his cudgel from him in a moment. All round the little room he struggled and writhed; whilst balding him by foe collar with one hand I dealt him fierce, quick blows with my thonged riding-whip. Then, throwing him from me, panting and helpless, into the furthest corner of the room, I strode ont of the shaking tenement to where my horse was neighing impatiently outside. He made no attempt to follow me, and in a few minutes I had given Black Prince therein, and we .were flying across the moor homewards. (To be continued To-morrox. 