ii Dim nni. CHAPTER XI. ONE MYSTERY 0M3AHED Ul-. The fire burned low in Roso's pretty room, iand the lamp was dim on the table. The window curtains were closed, and the snoots of the little low, -white bed turned down, tho ,nno^.r»1iniv wis boforo the hearth-, and every thing was tho picture of comforfc. She flung oil her wrappings on tho carpet, and sat down in tho easy-cbair, and looked into tho glowing cindors, lost in perplexed thought. ' What would bo tho result of that night s adventure ? Reginald Stanford, good-natured and nonchalant, was yet proud. Slio had seen «r'= his face chango in tho starlight, ag onco she had hardly thought it possible that over laughing face could change ; she had seen it cold and fixed as stono. How would ho act toward a lady, plighted to bo his wife, and yet who took midnight rambles with another man ? Would tho engagement be broken off, and would ho leave Canada forever in dis gust P Or would he, forsaking Kate, turn to Kate's younger sister for love and consola tion?' Rose's heart throbbed, and Jior faco grew hot in tho solitude of her chamber, at the thought. Ho would demand an explanation, of courso ; would it bo haughtily rofused by that haughty Bister, or would tho mystery of llr. Richards bo opened for him ? A cjock down stairs struck two. Rose romomberod that late watchos involved pale ohooks and dull oyos, and got up, Baid hor prayors with sloopy devotion, nnd wont to bod. Tho sunlight of another bright March day floodod her room when she awoko from a troubled dream of Mr. Richards. It was only sovon o'clock, but slio aroso, dresBed rapidly, and, beforo- eight, opened tho dining-room door. Early as tho hour was, tho apartment was occupied. Grace sat at ono of the windows, olaboratcJy braiding mx apron ; and Captain Danton stood bosido her, looking on. Grace glanced up, her colour hoightoning at Roso's ?ntranco; __. _ .. ., , ? ' Good morning, JvLiss .l.tose, saici nor . fathor. ' Early to bud and oarly to rise, oh ? When did you tako to getting up botimos P' ' Good-morning, papa. I didn't fool sloopy, and so thought I would come down.' ' What time did you -got homo last night ?' ' I loft a littlo after twolvo.' . 'Did you onjoy yoursolf, my doar ?' 'Yes, papa.' ' Roginald was with you P ' ' Yes, papn.' , ' It's nil right, I suppose,' said her father, . pinching hor blooming 'ohook; ' but if I were Kato, I wouldn't allow at.. Young mon are' changeable, as chameloons, and thoso pink cheeks are tompting.' Tho pink oheoks turned guiltily scarlet at tho words. Grace, looking up from hor work, Haw tho tell- talo flush, but Captain Danton going over to tho firo ,to read the morning papor, Baw nothing. Roso. stood listlessly in lior fathor's place, looking out of tho window. Tho wintry landscape, all glittering in tho glorious sun sliino, was vory bright; bnttho dreamy, hazel oyoswero not looking at it. ' Roso !' Haid Qraco, «uddonly, ' whon did Roso turned to hor, rousod from hor dream ing. 'What did you say?' ' Whon did you hoar from Ottawa — from M. Julos La Tonoho ?' Again tho colour deoponod in Roso's face, ?and an angry light shone in her oyos. ' Why do you want to know ?' ' Because I want to know. That's reason ? -enough, is it not ?' ropliod Graco, sowing awny placidly. 'I don't seo that it's any affair of yours, Mistross Graoo, Julos. La Toucho is a nuis anoo !' 'Oh; is ho? I-Io wasn't a month or two ago. Whom havo you fallen in lovo with now,, Roso?' 'It's no business of yours,' said Roso, ;angrij.y. ' - . ? . ' But if ,1 ohooso to mako it my business, my doaiy sweet-tempered Boso, what thon? Do toll mo tho namoof tho last lucky manP .1 am .dying to know.' . ? » 'Dio, thon, for you'wou't know.' ' Suppose I know already,' ' What ?' '.-..'? ' It's not Mr. Stanford, ie it P' Illoso gave a gnsp — in tho suddenness of tho flurpriso, colouring crimson. Grace saw it all, as sho placidly throadod hor neodlo. 'I woittdu't, if I woro you,' sho said, quietly. 'It's of no uso, Roso. Kato is i liaudsomor than you aro j and it will only, bo tho old comedy of ' Love's Labour Lost' ovor again,' ? ' Grnco Danton, Avhat do you moan P' 'Now, don't got oxoitodj Roso, and don't raiso 'your voice. Your .father might hoar you, and that would not bo pleasant. It is plaiu onough. Mr. , Stanford is vory hand some,' and' vory. fascinating, and vory hard to TOHist,I daresay ( but, still, ho must bo re Bifltod.' Mr, La Toucho is a vory ostimablo young man, I havo no doubt, and of a highly rospootable family j and, vory lilcoly, will mako you an oxcollont husband. If I. woro you, I would ask my papa to lot mo go on another *\ visit) to Ottawa, and remain, say, till tho ond of May, It would do you good, I am flu.ro,' Roho listonud to this harangue, hor' oyos ilauhing, ' And if I were you, Miss Grace Dauton, I would keep my advico until it was asiced. Bo so good, for tho future, as to mind your own business, attend to your housekeeping, and lot other people's lovo affairs alono. With which Roso sailed stormily oft, with very red checks, and vory bright, angry oyes, and sought rofugo in a book. Grace, perfectly unmoved, quito used to Rose's temper, sowed sorenoly on, and waited for tho rest of tho family to appear. Eouy was the next to enter, then camo Sir Ronald Keith, who took a chair opposite Cap tain Danton, and buried himself in another paper. To him, in Kate's absence, tho room was empty. t Tho breakfast bell was ringing whon that young lady appoared, beautiful and bright as tho sunny morning, in flowing whito cash mere, belted with blue, and hor lovely goldon hair twisted in a coronet of amber braids round hor head. ?Sho, came over to whoro Roso sat, sulky and silent, and kissed her. ' Bon jour, ma soeur ! How do you feel after last night ?' ' Very well,' said Rose, not looking at her. ' Reginald camo homo with you ?' smiled Kate, toying with Rose's pretty curls. ' Yes,' sho said, uneasily. ' lam glad. I am so glad that you and he aro friends at laSt.' Rose fidgotod inoro uneasily still, and said nothing. ' , . ? ' Why was it you didn't like him ? said Kato.cbaxingly. ' Toll mo, my dear.' ' I don't know. I liked him well onough, replied Roso, ungraciously. ' Ho was a stranger to mo.' ' My darling, ho will bo your brothor.' Rose fixed her eyes sullenly on hor book. ( 'You will come to England with us, won t you, Roso— dear old England— and my protty sister may bo my lady yet P' Tho door opened again. Mr. Stanford oumo in. ' Rose glanced up shyly. His faco was umiRually gravo and palo; but nil woro taking their places, and in tho bustle no ono noticed it. He did not look at Kato, who saw, with love's quickness, that some thing was wrong. All through breakfast, Mr. Stanford was vory silent — for him. When ho did talk, it was to Captain Danton — seldom to any of tho ladies. . _ Graco watched him, wondoringly; Roso watched him furtively ; and Kato*s morning appetite was offeotually taken away. The meal ended, tho family dispersed. Tho captain went to his study, Sir Ronald mounted arid rode off, Grace went away to attend to hor housekeeping affairs, Eon y to her studios, and Roso hurried up to hor room. The lovers woro left alono. Kate took hor embroidery. Mr. Stanford was immorsod in tho paper Captain Danton had lately laid down; Thero was a prolongod Bilonce, during which tho lady worked, and tho gentleman read, as if their lives depended upon it. Sho lifted her oyes from hor ombroidory to glanco his way, and found him looking at hor steadfastly — gravely. ' What is it, Roginald P' bIio oxclaimod, impatiently. ' What is tho'matter with you this. morning ?' ' lam wondering !' said Stanford gravely. ' Wondoring P' 'Yos; if tho old adago about ' seeing is bolioving,' is true.' ' 'I don't understand,' said Kate, a littlo haughtily. ' , Stanford laid down his papor, camo over to whore sho sat, nnd took a ohair near her. ' Somothing extraordinary has occurred, Kate, which I cannot comprehend. Shall I tell you what it iB P' ' If you please.' ' It was last night, then, i Yoa. know I Bpont tho day and ovening with the Howards ? It was late — past twolvo, when I escorted Roso home; but tho night was fine, and tempted me' to lingor still longer. * I turned down tho tnmaraok walk ? Ho paiiBed. .,.-?' Kate's work had dropped in hor lap, with ?a, faint cry of dismay. ' ' I had reached the lowor ond of tho avenue,' continued Roginald Stanford, 'and was turning, whon I saw two persons — a man and a woman — enter. ' Who can thoy bo, and what can thoy bo about hero at this hour?' I thought, and I stood still to watoh. Thoy oamo noaror. I Baw in the otarlight tho woman 'b faco. I hoard in tho stillness hor words.1 Sho was telling tho man how much she lovod him, how muoh sho would always lovo him, and thon thoy woro out of sight and hearing. Kate, was that woman you P' Sho sat looking at him, hor blue eyes dilatod, hor lips apart, hor hands clasped, in a sort of tranoo of torror.' ' Wbb it you, Kato P' ropoatod hor lovor. ' Am I to boliovo my byes P Sho roiisod horsolf to speak by an offort. 'Oh, Roginald!' sho oriod. ' what havo you dono. Why, why did you go thoro ?' Thoro was dismay in hor tone, oonstor nation in hor faco, but nothing olso. No shame, no guilt, no confusion, nothing but that look of griof, and regret, A conviction that had possessed him all along that it was all right, somohow or othor, bocamo strongor than ovur now ; but his faco did not show if — perhaps, unconsoiously, in his secret heart ho was hoping it would.not bo all right. ? ' . ??? . ?' 'Porhaps I was unfortunato in - going thoro,' ho said, ooldlv ; ' but I assure you I had very littlo idea of what I was to boo and hoar. Having hoard, and having soon, I am afraid I must insist on an explanation.' -' ' .Which I cannot give you,' said Kato, hor colour rising, and looking, steadfastly in' his dark oyon. ' : 'You oannot give mo I' said Roginald haughtily, ' Do I. understand you rightly, KatoP' , ?? ?''??; ? Sho laid hor hand on his, with , a gontlo, caressing touch, and bent forward. Sho lovod him too dooply and touddrly to boar that cold prond tono. . : ' Wo havo novor quarrolod yot, Reginald,' sho said sweotly, ' Lot us not quarrel now. I cannot givo you tho explanation you ask j but papa shall.1' Ho lifted tho boautif al hand to his lips,, fool- ing somohow that ho was unworthy to touch tho horn of hor garmont. 'You aro an angol, Kato — inoapablo of doing wrong. I ought to be contont without an explanation, knowing yon as I do ; but—' ' But you nautili havo ono, novorlholoss, Roginald, I am Horry you saw mo laBt night.' ' Ho looked at hor, hardly knowing what to Bay. Sho was gazing sadly out at tho sunny prospects. ' Poor follow I' sho said, half to horsolf, 'poor follow I Thoso midnights walks avo almost all tho comfort ho has in tins world, and now ho will bo afraid to vonturo out any moro.' Still Stanford sat silent. Kato smiled at him and put away her work. ' Wait for mo horo,' she said, rising^ ' Papa is in his study. I will speak to him,' Sho loft tho room. Stanford sat and waited, and felt moro uncomfortable than ho had ovor folfc in his life. Ho was curious, too. What family mystery was about to bo rovoalcd to him? What secret was this hidden in Danton Hall ? ' I havo heard thoro is a skeleton in overy house,' ho thought j f but I never dreamed thero was ono hidden away in this romantic old mansion. Porhaps I, as avoII as tho rest, havo Boon tho ghost of Danton Hall. How calmly Kato took it— no sign of guilt or wrong-doing in her faco. If I ever turn out a. villain, there will bo no excuse for my vil lainy on her part.' ? ? ?- Kate was absent nearly half an hour, but it scorned a littlo century to the impatient waiter. When sho entered, thoro wore traces of tears on hor face, but her manner was quite calm. ' Papa is waiting for you,' she said, m his study.' Ho roso up, walked to ' tho door, and stood there, irresolute. ' Whoro shall I find you whon I return ? 'Here.' - She said, it softly, and a littlo sadly. Stan ford crossed to where sho stood, and took hor in his arms— a very unusual proceeding for him— and kissed her. ' I have perfect confidence in your truth, my dearest,' ho said, ' I am as sure of your' goodness and innocence, bofox'o your fathor's explanation, as I can possibly bo after it.' Thoro was a witness to this loving doolara tion that neither of them bargainod for. Roso, getting tired of hor owu company, had run, down stairs to ontortain herself with hor music, Stanford had loft the door ajar whon ho re turned j and Roso was just in time to soe tho embrace and hear tho tender speech. Just in time, too, to fly beforo Reginald loft tho draw ing-room and took'his way to tho study. Roso played no piano that morning ; but, locked in hor own room, mado tho most of what sho had hoard, and soon. Kato had the drawing-room to herself, and sat, with claspod hands, looking out at the bi'ight March morning. The business.. o£ \tbo day wont on in tho house, doors opened-and shut. Graco and Eeny came in and wont away again, Doctor Prank camo up to bob Agnes Darling, who was nearly well^and, in1 the study, Regi nald Stanford was hearing tho story of Miss Danton's midnight Btroll. (To be continued.') 