A "Journalistic" Development. WE have never been accustomed to accredit Perth with a very great amount of enterprise, bnt we are now inclined to think and act differently. We published an article a few days since, showing how " incidents " are manufactured in the States for the purpose of conferring notoriety upon otherwise obscure persons. Something of the sort has been inaugurated in Perth, as the editor of this journal, who, as is well known, is one of the noble army of candidates, yesterday received the subjoined circular, which, in all conscience, is loud enough to speak for itself. It will certainly pay for perusal and runs as follow :— THE ELECTORS' PUBLISHING . COM- PANY. Dear Sir,— It is the intention of the above company to issue a crown-folio newspaper, to be called " The Elector," in the interest of candidates aspiring to Parliamentary honors. The object will at o*".ce be sees, giving as it does to each candidate favoring us with his instructions, the sole right to the whole tpace in its columns, reserving to ourselves but five columns for advertising purposes, thus making it one of the very best mediums for h conveying each candidate's views to the lectors. The front page, it is proposed, will be set apart for the biography of the candidate, together with his photograph if so desired. The inner portion of the paper will be devoted to conveying to the electors the views of the candidate, or, if so desired, the most important speech delivered by him during Irs campaign. Thus it will be seen that each aspiring candidate will Have a whole paper to himself, enabling him to reach each elector with great advantage. The system to be adopted is as follows :— " The Elector," being a bona-fide newspaper, wiil be registered as such, and thus will be free from stamp duty. The electoral roll for each district will be obtained and each elector will receive by post a copy of " The Elector." The charges for each issue will be as follow :— First 1,000 Copies ... £7 10s. Every Subsequent 1.000 2 10s. In the event of stamp duty being de manded (which is not anticipated) the cost for same must be borne by candidate. Should you favor us with your instructions, please forward copy and all information, ro that it may be issued forthwith. Please note following instructions:—All copy to be mitten in a clear and legible manner so that mistakes may be avoided as far as possible. State also whether you wish us to cull any speech, or part of speech de : livered, or to be delivered, and also the newspaper you wish us to obtain for such purposes. It must be borne in mind, however, that it will be much more satisfactory for this part of the contract to be performed by the candidate himself. Send all particulars at the very earliest possible-moment. If photo for front page is desired, kindly for• ward latest or most flattered view of your worthy self, accompanied by your biography If accessary WIRE INSTRUCTIONS Thanking you in anticipation, We are Sir, yours faithfully, THE E. P. COMPANY. Secretary's Address— E. L. GREEN, 188 Barrack-street, Perth. Against this commercially nothing can be said, and we can only take exception to the notion of disguising an advertisement so as to make resemble an independent press notice. A feature noticeable about this offer is its extreme liberality. The candidate is to have a " whole newspaper to himself," with his biography plastered on the front page. This last idea is a weak part of the scheme, for the principal object of most candidates, according to our experience, is to keep their "biographies" veiled in decent obscurity. " Each aspiring candidate " is the wording of the leaflet—but what is to be done with the vast band of candidates who have no aspi rates ? This, unfortunately, remains unre vealed. We should also like to glean Mr, Sholl's opinion as to " The Elector" being bowt-fidc newspaper, but if the deity of the Post Office proves propitious, we must con fess that immortality conferred at the rate of £7 10s. per thousand copies, with £2 10s, for each extra thousand, is dirt cheap at the price. The concluding sentence reading : " If photo for front page is desired, kindly forward latest or most flattered view of your worthy self" quite takes the entire wedding breakfast. let alone the cake, for its rollioking, but obviously unconscious, humor. The mis guided individual who condescends to run this newspaper for the benefit of an ungrate ful public recently conceived the idea of getting a " most flattered view of his worthy self " wherewith to delude the electors into the impression that they had a chance of sending the Apollo Belvidere to Parliament, But, alas I for human hopes ! The camera gave way beneath the fearful strain, and the resulting " views " looked like a mixture of Deeming and Butler reposing beneath the ruins of Pompeii. The " Secretary's address we note, is given as " E. L. Green, 188 Barrack-street, Perth." But it occurs to usthat the candidate who is anxious to shine in the columns of the " Elector " ought to be green himself, instead of the " Secretary," that if he imagines that his autobiography printed in spch a publication as The Elector intended to be, will be likely to create favorable impression on any elector. Only persons of the most egregious vanity could coolly enter into a contract such as that proposed, and the appearance of the " most flattered" portrait on the front page would simply prove a standing certificate hopeless imbecility — enough to damn anyone's chances of election on sight. Many a-man, however, will now get into print who had no earthly chance of getting there be fore, unless it were in the capacity of candidate for some place other than Parlia ment. The only serious flaw about it all so far as we can see, is that the " E.P. Co. (significant title!) doesn't say anything about providing readers as well as publicity. But we have no desire to crush a budding enterprise by any hypercritical animadver sions, and we therefore cordially recommend this new 11 journal" of political wit and wisdom to all candidates who have " flattering views of their worthy selves," who object to hiding their light under a bushel, and who want to run a cheap newspaper for the purpose of self- laudation. Those who possess a decent literary hack for " ghost" should be able to paralyse the colony through this medium. We therefore give this latest ebullition of Perth enterprise our most cordial commendations, and trust that the "E Co." will accept this free advertisement as mark of esteem, a guarantee of good faith, and in the spirit in which it is tendered. 