ODDS AND ENDS.. ? Queen- Victoria has not worn her crown more'than twenty times during her whole reign. . Grief in Persia for a deceased hustond is limited for a fortnight, and then a woman . marries again as soon as she has a chance. There is 110 courage but in innocence, no constancy bat in an honest cause. And there is no surer indication of a weak mind than irresolution. Most of the railroad stations in Russia are about two miles from the towns which they respectively serve. This is a precaution against tire, as many of the Russian dwellings are thatched with straw. There is in the strong rooms of one of the London banks a large quantity of jewels, plate, and other valuables, which were de posited for safe custody by French refugees shortly before the outbreak of the Revolu tion. Every 'nail driven faithfully, every stone firmly laid, every detail performed to the best of our ability, is so much done, not only for to-day or to- morrow., but for all time not . only for our employer or the public around us, but also for posterity. The eloquent lawyers of Iowa have fallen upon evil days. According to an American law journal a bill has passed the Senate of this State limiting the time which lawyers may consume in arguing cases before juries. This is a revival of the ancient custom which com pelled the advocates of Rome to measure their speeches bj» water clocks. At the enormous cost of 20,000 dols. the Americans are to have a toll bicycle boule vard running between Seattle and Tacoma. The road is to be about 32 miles long and 10 feet wide, while in following the hills the sur veys have been made so that there will be nowhere above a 4 per cent-, grade. What a lovely run it will afford the cyclists on properly prepared roads, this 60 miles journey. Near Essegg, in Slavonia, where eagles abound, one of them was shot recently wear ing a steel collar, on which was engraved the partly obliterated coat of arms of a' noble family of Slavonia, and below the date 1646, proving that 250 years had elapsed since he was captured and collared.' Consider the following, ye cyclists, and be satisfied. A pedestrian covers about 30 inches to.each step, while a wheelman in one revolu tion of his pedal covers about 17 feet. Now a revolution is easier than a step, and a cyclist can with comfort turn his feet round twice while a walker is putting his leg forward once, with the result that on your bicycle you travel 34 feet, whereas on foot ,you would only be going 2i. Recently at an execution in Bombay the hangman was observed to carefully secure the rope, and particularly that part of it which had encircled the neck of the culprit. He stated that he could sell every quarter inch of it, as it averted evil -spirits and ghosts, and even prevented death from hang ing. Titian's greatest misery was his wife, who was a domineering, dictatorial woman, who insisted' that he should render an account to her of..every item of his expenditure. The wretched man, who was very wealthy, was often put to the sorest straits to buy a glass of wine without letting his wife know anything about the transaction. The greatest of all luxuries in Central Africa is salt. The long-continued use of vegetable food in that country creates so painful long ing for salt that natives deprived of it for a long period often show symptoms of insanity. To test the efficiency of the fortress of Gibraltar an .unexpected alarm signal was fired on Saturday, and within half an hour .4,000 gunners and infantry were at their assigned posts ready to repel any attack. AScientificSociety has been started iii-Lon--; don for the study of the X rays. Its basis is a' broad one, and will include those who are interested in the physical as well as, the scientific aspects of the new photography. Professor Stanford is opposed to opening the Cambridge degrees to women. He thinks a . separate women's University should be formed. If mixed education is to be adopted it-must, he says, begin at the foot of the ladder, not at the top. School-boys will not rejoice to learn that the blank space jj;hich at present stands for Sahara on the map is likely ere long to be filled up. Mr. Sowerby, the Botanic Garden expert, says the district is well suited to the growth of esparto grass, out of which paper is made. The loncest pendulum in England hangs from the clock of St. Chad's Church, Shrews bury. This interesting clock was constructed in the last century. The pendulum is 22 feet long, and the ball at the end is 4 feet 3 inches in circumference. The weight of tlie .whole is 221b. The real secret of riding a bicycle safely in a crowded street is to ride it slowly, to never relax your watchfulness, and to keep a dis tance of from three yards to six yaids behind the vehicle you are following. A slew rider, can stop and dismount, or jump oft' at a moment's notice. The fast rider cannot do it with safety, or quickly enough ; lie is into the obstacle before he has time to think. Til other words, the slow rider has his machine under control, wbiln the fast rider is for the momentcontrol'.e«lby his machine, or. r.U.hev, by the speed </, hw madrw. 