EDITORIAL MItL. Our Motto: 'Socialism In Our Time.** What is the 1JCourterV fcarty? 'What is the Labour Patty?' Our very useful contemporary the Cggbikb, propounds this question. Well, Grand mother may be said to have out a very unueeessary query, since it Itself has supplied the answer, It is not without dgnifkiauce, however, that in framing its reply ii has suggested a later day acquisi tion of eoraijionseiise which we were totally unprepared to aspect from such a 'quarter. Aithesafiieliiiae weTJonfossaimie surprise at finding the 43ocrier*s seeming — ^onVersion- so -4»mjplete. The Labour Party has always Seem as a red mg is popularly supposed to be to an irate bull, But the bull in this case has now 'ac- quired a soupeon of sweet reasonableness,' and like ail wayward, if good mtenttoned, bulls has said that a piece of red cloth IT only called blue doth is not sufficient warrant for periodic fits of madness, Thus we find the Oobbieb no further back tbaa a week ago summing up the position of the tiahour Party's platform in this fashion ; , . . ' What does it amount to? Is there anything in ii requiring that it should be distinctively regarded w & * Xiahour* platform ? Is it aught other than the extreme border of the platform which hero would form Che natural Parliamentary Opposition T* This being so, why all the fuss of the last seven or eight years, during which the aims of the Labour Party have been consistently advocated? Why all the virulent abuse that has all the time been poured down the Courier gutters ? We marvel, we say, at the suddenness of Granny's seeming conversion, and express the hope that if possible it may do her good. Having rubbed our eyes we lift our hands, as poor Barlow might be expected to do in his most pious moments, we ' Thank Ward we are not as other men arc/' We have been able to do much, we claim, in bringing such a foe as the Courier even to apparent repentance. We ought to be thankful ; we are. ? „ * * * ? '* Is there anything in it requiring^ that it should be distinctively -regarded as aXabour^ platform?' asks our con temporary, '^continuing. Only this, that as. Labour is the source of all wealth so also must Labour 'Be jthe basis of Reform. The ' Labour Platform1' seeks- to fulfil a distinctive mission — a mission which desires to place the drones on the same footing as the working bees in the hives, of industry and respect a law which shall read something like this, 'Ha man will not work neither shall he eat.' This is one of those 'palliatives' that have caused our con temporary so much trouble of late, but this having served its purpose since it has led the Courier into admitting there is nothing objectionable to the Labour platform itself, we shall now have to consider the next progressive step with a view to the still further enlightenment of that journal. The old Labour chariot has had a rou|h road to travel; it has had to negotiate the ruts and bogs of ' Courierisiie' 'ignorance, superstition, and fear. It has now got on to a good piece of track, and though the Courier is a big drag behind we have no objection to it still hanging on if it promises to go on admitting that its ignorance is unwar ranted and its superstitions and fears childish. , * * * As we progress with the Courier's article we begin to see why it emphasises the question of whether there is 'any- thing in it requiring that it should be distinctively regarded as a Labour plat form.' The streak of light comes with the following sentence: ' They have but one little change to make, and that is to drop from their platform the title of 1 Labour,' with which distinctively they have nothing more to do, and to adopt that of ? Opposition.1 ' The conversion therefore may not be so complete as would appear at first blush. There is still a nalting fear—just a faint sus picion of the red rag in the Courier bull yard. If there is nothing objectionable in the platform how can its name possibly deteriorate its worth ? * * * It is difficult to forget how in 1896 the Courier played a somewhat similar game, substituting ' Opposition »? then for 'Xi&bour;' now, At ihat time, dealing with 'the natural Parliamentary Oppssi turn,' it spoke of Mr. Powers' disappear anoe from the arena of active politics 'as a very groat if unintentional service to the country,' aud summed up 'the natural Parliamentary Opposition' in this fashion : ' The country at large will do well, we think, to look upon the Opposition as a dead party. Let it join its beloved ghosts of 1888. The two real parties with real policies are the Minis terialists and the Labour Socialists. The choice with them is. to determine the political history ot the next three years.11 That choice hus evidently fallen to the Labour Socialists -but, says Granny, they must drop the Labour ! * * * The Cocrieb, at the time it wrote these sentences, had a party all ita own. To use a Toserian phrase, it ' worked like a Trojan, Cought like a Spartan, and Itted like ? » Jn the -interests . of 'finr_ Parly '» — that jarty with which the tiabour Socialists had to determine the pDHiieai history of the next three years. ft claimed the Ministerialist as its very mm. This was twelve months ago. A loHnight since it referred to its 'own' as a 'spendthrift' Government.' Why, the Cockier has a perfect mania for name changing! But will our useful contem porary in an early issue tell us what *' Our Party' has done to warrant it in casting off its old love for the new? It cannot surely be because the Government betrays a stolid indifference to the Japanese invasion, beeause the Courier itself wrote, when we pointed out that both i% and the Government were sowing trouble tor the future : ' For there are ail shades of colour till you have * niggers ' whiter than the whlte3; there are all admixtures of blood up to that which is bluer than with most of us; and it is undeniable that there are degrees of intelligence and moral elevation amongst the aliens (that is to say degrees of fitness for the franchise) which in some cases outstrip not only that possessed by indi vidual whites but by the average white man,' Are we to understand that the Courier is anxious for a change ; that it is now thoroughly ashamed of its party ; of its recent corrupt appointments ; of its lying federation policy; of its effort to alienate the sympathies of the North from the South ; of its extravagance which has converted a supposed surplus into an actual deficit ; of its outrageous effort to prevent closer settlement while apparently advocating it ; of its attempt to hand over -the people's heritage to the squattocracy who are its friends; and of its matsy acts which denote a decay of power as well as of morals ? If so, why does not it say so. Why nol^ instead of asking ' What is the Labour P-atty-2!L investigate the where - about! of itsrOWJi party— the ' Our Party' of_last -year. Maybe the contract is too big. AH the game, we reckon that the Government position calls for some ex planation at the hands of the journal which did much to bring it into being ; especially now that it proposes to desert its offspring. Truly the politics of the Cctrier and its party are much mixed. Dr. Maloney, Labour member for Weafa Melbourne, who baa been absent ft r some time in Europe, arrived in Perth early in May, and expects to be in Melbourne towards the end of tha month. 