ORIGINAL pQETRY, LOCALLY MANUFACTURED A TALE QF \YQE. BT Loan BYBOH." The winds may come and the winds may go, The express be late o,f yore, iThe cricketing cups may be lost and won Witho.ut dropping a drop o.f gore., *fhe press may be sent to the right about, -The President's locks grow grey ; $|ut the Bogie boys for their tickets green Have never a rap to pay. ^e l%ke it may dry in its reedy bed, The pedagogue, look profound, The lamps may t>e lighted, or never lit, • By Fatta Khan in his rotinc^, *pbe A.N.A, may not forward look, But b,ack to the dawning grey ?. Still the Bogie boys for their, tickets green Will never a ha'penny pay. ¥ Shire If alls nqay he raised, o.r motions lost By Indigo's chosen three., And death in back yards iqay accumulate Through time and eternity ; i^nd Bones., the alert, pay a ' double debt' In night time as well as day ; the Bogie bpys for their tickets green Have never a brown to. pay. ^'he golden waters may rested be. In the Six of the Council room, And Mathieson canny his pto.und of flesh - May seek to, the crack of doom ; And Cook they may place as a weather-cock On the roof of the A N. A.; Yet the Bogie b.oys for. their tickets green Will never a ha'penny p,ay. 'The 44 ancient'' rag, grown green in its rage, l$ay kick, and struggle, aud die, And the other become a racing ma# With an optic winking sly; The clubs may "sweat," and the clubs "blackmail," And the starving printers flay ; put the Bogie boys for their tickets green Have never a bob to pay. The "devil" defiant may get the saok, Then, housed by a rival's spleen, He's pumped as dry as an orange skin, Or a sapless mandarin! The Athenaeum may ope its doors Through the live long Sabbath day ; Vet the Bogie boys for their tickets green Can never a ha'penny pay. The Church bazaars may swindle amain • And the soirees slay with buns, •And the damsels coax with their starry eyes 7<he fathers as well as the sons ; The fire brigade may have lost the Eights Through a leaky hose that day; Çut the B»gie boys for their tickots green Will nover a stiver pay. The olerical hone he may charge the foe, And the thirsty Byron wine, ^nd the boys in the Bogie wave baptize The little babe Considine ; Çfhe portly " Cut" of the cricket field The part of a billy goat play ; Çut the Bogie boys for their tickets green Oh ! never a ha'penny pay. The maids may walk by the moonlit lake, And dadda may have his fling *Qn Tuesday next, when the farmer's train With mamma is on the wing;' The blinded hack, in the Printing Bace May labour in vain alway ; $ut the Bogie boys for their tickets green Have never a cent to pay. •The would-be wit of a. oertaln print," Qn the word of a batsman rum, May die with the Bogie Cricket Ciub For the want of his pabulum ; The club may become a football team. Resistless In its sway ; But still for the tickets gold and green They never a ha'penny pay. The ChUtern " Cut" may bewail vaj loss, And his sympathy yield in vain ; $ut as long as the podgy " Leg Stomp" lasts The. wit will as keen remain. They may change the color to " blue and green," Aa tha stumpy one doth say, ^fat'the Bogie hoys for the. tickets green. Did never a centime pay. ÍÇhe Barnawartha Race nay take The cake from. the. M*lbou,ru,e. Cuj>, ^nd Rutbjpjpglen iu a stupor Ue in the gW m o. w n lockup, And the sick Wedonga may barraçk hard For Isaacs by night and day ; Vet the Bogie boys for their tickets green Will never a ha'penny pay;. And Wang m^ay boast of-tip creamy milk Of her indip-rubber cow, ^Lnd Beeohworth—the moral of virtue bark As loud as her bow, wow, wow', And Chiltern raise its own yahoos. Black Dog give, its dances gay ; |tat the Bogie boys for the tickets green. The ghost of a rap went. pay. The world may wag in its rolling round. And the lawyers slip and slide, And the medicos launch our barque of death Qp the awful, ebless tide; The minera may fight the skeleton grim In the depths from day to day ;. But the devil a. cent for the tickets green We're got to. the present day ! The little.town of Ifcsso, in Sweden, has a feminine department, 150 strong, in its firebrigade The waterworks of the village consist simply of four great tubs, and it is the. duty of. th.e women V firemen"to keep t.hese.full ia case of fire. They stand in, two continuous lines from the tubs to th.e lake, fhout three streets away, one line passing tyie full buckets»and the other sending them ^«.ck,. " ' ' ' 