SEPARATION IN QUEENSLAND. [PHOil QUE OTVT» COBHE2FOXDEST.1 I BRISBANE, Saturday. ±ne question ot separation came up again this week, being introduced by Kr Kidston, by a motion *f * people of the Xorth and Centre shou next general election «*ive a direct -:v of opinion upon the matter. Mr rtlc (K-jukbarnpton), tho ack nowledged k-ader of the Separationists, opposed the motion as boin^ a sabterfnge to introduce the referendum. Sir Hugh Kelson distinctly recognised that the people of the !Xorth and Centre desired separation, -when he proposed to divide the colour into three parts under the Federal Enabling Bill. The motion really cast a doubt upon tho desire for separation. Speaking of tho possible attitude of the Fsderal Convention towards the question, he (Mr Cortu) said if thoy could not get sonie dau^eintroduced in the Federal Constitution to pro ride for separa tion, the Central and Northern members ought to block the vrliole thing. The Central and ^Northern members would havg to pro test their interests in the House before going to the Federal Convention. If Mr Kid^toa'a motion was adopted n would mean an abandonment of all that the separationists had tichiev<*d. H& (3Ir Curtis) quoted Sir Hugh Xeison as distinctly saying that the question of separation was a burning one in the Korth and Centre, and gave eight reasons vhy he objected to the motion, ultimately moving that the time had arrived when the colony should be aeparat'id. into three self-governing Stated The debate was, however,. adjourned, ti1! the 22nd October. Sir Samnel Griffith's bfllfor dividing Queens- | land into three province* was an undoubted admission of the fastness of the claims of the Centre ana: the North foe Home Rule; but that attempt failed inasmuch as it could only afford temporary relief after all, and would ^e merely of the nature of patchwork. At 'the same time many public men here dream from one years end to the other or the glorious prospect of such a scheme, but there needs no ghost to tell them thattha day must dawn when their will-o'-the-wisp wHlTanish before the light of popular opinion. 