"And Party." IN TWO CHAPTERS. CHAPTER I. By H.F. ABELL, to "Chamber Journal." John Thompson, late (not very late) sergeant in her Majesty's 200th, now coachman to Colonel Oxenden, also late of the 200th, now of the Grange, Puddle- h∋, Hopshlre, was harrying towards Thrudown Hall, residence of Squire Lonvax, two ualles away, with a note. He was hurrying as fast as hte portli ness and the Ice-bound roads would let him, partly to keep himself warm, and partly because It was past twelve o'clock midday, and upon (bib leaving the Orange gates a strident female voice had commanded him to be on no (account late for the family meal at one. John Thompson had passed tiho " Golden Ball Inn'—a rare performance on his part—fond Oiad but a few hundred yards to go when lie saw sauntering from the direction of Thrudown Hall a tall, good-looking <man of five and forty or thereabouts, with whose figure he seemed to be familiar, and so Hie shifted the note from his left (hand to his right, and prepared to give the 'military salute. it to -a small world, and as John Thompson got nearer, he said to him self : " Blesseil if it ain't!—Bjit no, it can't be. But it is! Blessed if it ain't the black capting !" The two figures <met. Thompson, beng in a hurry, -would have passed on with la salute, but fhe other (stopped bim with a cheery, " Why, Thompson, who'd "have thought of running across you here ? What are you doing '/" " Coachman to Colonel Oxenden, sir," replied the old sergeant at.stiff atten tion. ♦' The deuce you are! Why, I didn't know he'd come to "vegetate down liere. Well, how do you like it ?, He was con sidered « hard one, wasn't foe ?" . '• He kep' tip the naune of the regi ment, sir," replied the sergeant. " Yes, yew, of course. Well, now, teM me «boat yourself," said the captain, crossing his leg, and leaning on his stick with the air of a man ready for a long cttrat. M Perhaps youll excuse me, i»ir," re plied the sergeant; " I've a. onost par ticular note here to deliver at the 'all, sir. The mistress is took with the in fluenza, sir, and they can't come to the ball at Squire Lomax's to-morrow night." " Dear me! I'm sorry for that I'm staying at the Hall for the ball, and I shonld have tried to meet the colonel again after so many years. Any answer to the note ?" " No, sir. LeadtrvraF9 I hadn't orders to wait for one. But I-had oughter tie getting on, sir, .Wi&WiJleave.;" " (rive me tibe-note. Ito gotng back to lunoklqont7»&a; the**t«]»t*4ll*tll have It directly lie comes in." "iYou're very good, sir, thank yew; It would save me a quarter of an Iboip*.'' . . >So the sergeant'handed the note to the captain, saluted, and was making the rlght-aboift turn when the captain said : " Oh, I say, Thompson* don't say you've seen me. I'll drop in and sur prise the cplonel-iperhapa! this after noon." • " Very weW, «ik Good-ttiorning, sir." 'back- ho trotted, much relieved fhat ihe would be in time for dinner, and would thins stave off the emptying upon his head of the vials of 'Mrs. Thompson* wrath, which nothing could excite unore effectually than the spoiling of a dinner on account of unpuncfcuality. But for John Loniax the 'world In this corner of Hopshlre would have jogged very drowsily and uneventfully on its road. Although not ranking with, or pretending to rank with the established Hopshtre families—that to, with people who, having lived on the soil for a few generations, regarded every more rccont arrival as an. Intruder, he did a great deal more for his neighbourhood tiiaa did most of the elect for theirs. Blessed .with' an fortune, he ma<le .the ibe»t use of- it—contributed to- -the well-being and happiness of all around ttiim. JHeace, the two ibtnees he gave during the winter season were affairs of a great deal more than local import ance, and local caste -was annually re gulated by the fact of having been or* not having been invited to them. "Colonel and Mrs. Oxenden and party" were, of course, regularly In vited, and as the colonel and the squire and tihelr respective ladies were, al though living within two miles of each offlier, close friends, the regret of the Colonel and Mrs. Oxenden, at being die appointed n't the last minute were as genuine as was that of the squire and 'Mm. Lomax that they could not come. " The poor thing has evidently written the note from her siek-Toom," remarked 'Mrs. Lamax. . "«he writes «o beauti fully as a rule, and this is not «t tall her (hand. Bhe hope* we win welcome her."party," a .great friend of her bus band's, Major Clifford." . "Of course we will," said the squfre ; " we have none too many fuen as it is, and fhe poJonel's friend* are aiway* good fellows." At eleven o'clock the next night the old-fashioned hall at the squire's, con verted into a ballroom, presented a plea sant and ibrilliant scene. Everybody wortti knoiwing for miles around was there, and the neighlbourhood was famous for pretty girle, although it de plored, in common with most rural dis tricts, a paucity of young men. The music was good, the floor was good, the room was well-lighted, all the company danced, and the old (house, with it» numberless nooks and corners, wa« ad mirably adapted for these between dance tete-a-tetes which are the most fatal nets for susceptible youth. 'Major Clifford had arrived early, and with that ease which the social side of onililtary life so generally teaches, was very soon as much at home in this room full of peoplo whom he had never seen in his life before as a native of the soil. Stay—there was one person with whom he seemed to be acquainted. This was a stylish woman- of between thirty and forty, whose face, wfctoh had been beautiful, bore upon It that impress of ■hardness .and indifference which so surely comes after a life in the world. When Clifford entered the room she saw him, and the colour fled from her cheeks in an instant. Wlhen he saw her, he raised his eyebrows and smiled, very slightly, l>ut meaningly. He wsis after wards introduced to Mrs. Enderby, but he did not ask her for a dance, nor did they meet again during the evening. The principal object of his attention was the squire's youngest daughter, Hetty, a pretty girl of elgnteen, who was evidently as anueh attracted' by the quiet, well-bred talk and manner of the Grange representative as he was im pressed by her charms. That foe had already danced witih her three times, and the night was yet youug, had not escaped the notice of Mrs. JLomax, who at once, with maternal solicitude, and with a wise maternal •air of Indifference, set to work to find out all about him. In this she signally failed, for she happened not to ask the only person In the room who really did know anything about him. After Major Clifford's third waltz with Hetty Lomax he led her upstairs to one of the before-alluded-to alcoves, a dainty little corner, luxuriously cushioned, screened from the vulgar gaze by art fully-arranged "greenery, and dimly lit by a quaint Japanese lantern. " You mrust be very fond of this old house," the said. "lam ; I love it. And indeed it Is an interesting, old place. I believe it Is (historical, but I am ashamed to say you must not examine me too closely, as to this. At any rate, it has a ghost." " Good ! One of the usual English country-lhouse ghosts, I suppose," said the major. "Party in white, with a pale face, sad eyes, and all the rest of it r " ' " • -fl?°t~-# teatmmja,a }<m cjloak, Andy lifefctqto'f* Vwtfn* flutykle, mofliprtr bedroom door," . . ' ■ " ; " How Interesting !• "Do you think so ? Well, X suppose thipre's too much of the Ne^r Woman In me to see the fascination of ghosts. But come and see !his«cene of action." So the tnnjor followed the girl up the broad staircase, at the top of whldh ah* turned to. the left, and entered a dimly, lighted region of nooks and cornenffc and sharp turns, and steps which went up, and ©tfhers which went down, until she stopped opposite a door. which sh» opened, saying : "Tills is mother's room.'* Major Clifford peeped- respect fuHy into a large lofty room, no small portion of wlilch was occupied toy one of those funereal beds in which our ancestor* loved to entomb themselves with eiicfo, ceremony night after night. Otherwise the room was simply the perfwtly appointed sleeping-chamber of a refined Englishwoman. '• The ghost comes along the passage," whispered the girl, with a mock air of awe and mystery, "enters the roovn, walk 9 mp to the dressing- table la tlie "bow-window, stands for a moment, and walks back." ■She looked at lier companion a« she spoke, aad noting that his- ke^n dark' eyes were taking in every detail of the room said : ' "Yes; it's lawfully untidy. I.nee you're looking at it; tout we didn't finish dinner until late, and there Mas rather a rush to get ready for the dance." " I suppose the ghost is so far ortho dox that he only pays these visits at certain fixed times- ?" said the major. "O, dear no !" replied the girl. "He comes at all sorts of odd times. He* been seen "here dn broad daylight." " Have you ever seen him V asked the soldier. "•No—fbut—oli, I say, there's the music, any miy partner will be hunting for one nigh and low !" exclaimed tlie girl. So they hastened back to the lan?!Jig room. " We are engaged for number fifteen I think ?" said the major, as he resigned Hetty to her partner. Hetty nodded and smiled, and tlioy separated. On tli© eve of number fifteen d.iac?, more than half-an-!hour later, Hetty #ald. to Major Clifford ; " I'm going to nek you a favour." . "Consider it a* granted," said the major, bowing. "Do you mind sitting out this dance with <me ? I want to ask you some* thing." "With pleasure. Shall we go to oar alcove ?" 41 Yes!" So they slipped away as soon ue the dance was fa My begun, and ascended the stair to the retreat under the leaves. " You know Mrs. Enderby, I think ? —I mean you have met her before this evening ?" said the girl when they wer» seated. The major bowed affirmation. •* Who to she ?"" •'Wife of Enderby, of the P.W.D. He* on the frontier. I met them at Dumdum three or four years ago* Why do you ask ?" " Because she has been asking about you." "Well." " And of course all I could say was that I had never met yon before this evening, and that you were stayiug at Colonel Oxenden's." " Does she know the colonel V* "No. She Is the 'And Party' from the Towers at Crashford. That fat ' man and the florid woman are her in troducers—Mr, and Mrs. Carnegie. Wo < don't know much about them, but mother always asks them to one of our dances. Now, Major Clifford, don't an swer this question unless you choose, and don't think me impertinent for ask ing it. Has she any particular reasou to dtallke you ?" The major examined his shoes, and did not reply for a momeut. Then he said : " She ought not to have—certainly not. But why do you ask ?" " Well, there was something In the tone of her Inquiries about you, not in what she actually said, which made me wonder," replied the girl. " What did she say ?" '• She asked who you were—who ' that cavalry-looking man' was, she put it, and how long you had lived In these parts, and what you were doing now that you had left the service." " Left the sen-ice ? Who told her I had left the service ? Well, anyhow, there's nothing very spiteful in all that." " No. But, as I said, women always judge what other women mean, not from the actual words they use, but from their way of saying them." " Well, Miss Lomax, so far from har* ing a spite against me, Mrs. Enderby ought to regard me as a very great benefactor, although I say so who should not." "Why—did you save her life, of what ?" : " No—l—er-saved something which i» often more precious than life." " Will you explain, Major Clifford ?'* The major hesitated, as If balancing in his mind tho ronrae ha Ahould purBU6k iin erect position, ,a,nd faclfifl ftflOnlr companion, #ald j '' i v ,' ,', :".'<? VStaf> I<onwfe as lfrsV,snd«fti>j\ W, given yqii the idea, .ojf : fyefng.- sptyef ul ,t<?. me, and she may possibly say something spiteful about me, I ruuet take you into my confidence. Now j>Jease understand tfiat only upon your .assurance that .what i soy shall go no further; I "wIN tell: you what I Know about Mrs. Eh de>by.". .*■•, . •■._.' : '. The girl gave the require^ assurance. " Mrs. Enderby was very well known In India as a woman wlio thoroughly meant to enjoy life, and uvl.udia that is associated with a good deal that in Eng land is considered fast. She preferred the society of men—of a certain style of men—to that of women, and was known as the Gay Grass Widow everywhere, end entered heart and soul into their pursuits. Well, there was a good deal of high play at the station just then." "Card-play do you mean'/" The major nodded, and continued. " Men can't be blamed for seeking ex citement when they're exiled away hi a bad climate, hundreds of miles from life; nor can women, when they keep within •bounds, but Mrs. Enderby went the pace. At any rate, she was always at Jhe baccarat table, and she won so con sistently that I watched her, and—l don't think I need say any more." " I'm afraid I'm very stupid,' said the girl. " What then ?" ;'* WelK-she didn't play quite as ladies and gentlemen are usually supposed to play." "You don"t mean to say that she cheated ?" *' I do. But, Milss I-omax, please re member—she had her lesson. I spoke to her quietly about dt. She renounced the cards, became another woman, and to, I believe, an excellent wife and a devoted mother. There! I'm sorry to tell such a story about a guest in your house, but in self-defence I must, for, of oturse, she can never forgive me tor having found her out. Let us change the topic." . After supper. Hetty Lomax came up to Major Clifford and said : "Mrs. Enderby and her friends have gone. Their excuse was that, being such 8 fearful night, they were afraid the roads would be blocked with snow. If they stayed later." " I'm afraid, then, that you think my presence here has something to do with their departure ?" said the major. "Well, I dare say she was uncom fortable," replied Hetty. The major and Miss Lomax were not together until the last dances on the programme came. When they met for the Dual waltz, the major said: "Strange that you should have spoken about that ghost, for, as I was taking Miss Lemarchant to a seat .in the uppermost alcove, during supper, I saw something very like your friend going along the passage from the direc tion of Miss Loinax's room, although. If you hadn't told me it was a man, I Should have called it a woman." "Probably one of the maids," said Betty, " transformed by your imagina tion Into a ghost." After the dance the major took his leave, and Hetty Lomax heard with genuine regret that he was leaving Colonel Oxenden's the next day for Ire land, for, although nothing approach- Ing flirtation even had passed between them, he had won her esteem by his unaffected, easy manliness, his interest ing talk, and lastly, perhaps not leastly, vis perfect dancing. And so, charged with numberless messages to Colonel Oxenden and his Invalid wife, the major (Went out in-to the wild, wintry night. The party broke up soon after his de parture, but the story of the evening .was not quite complete. Hetty Lomax could not get Mrs. En derby out of her mind, and, unaccount ably, with her she associated the femi nine "ghost" seen by Major Clifford, gome impulse sent her flying up to her mother's room, whence she presently appeared pale as death, and said to her Another, who was seated with her father discussing the dance: " Mother, when you changed your dress after dinner, did you leave your diamonds on the dressing table ?" " Yes, dear—why ?" • ••/• Because they are gone !" " (To be concluded.) Messrs. George Robertson and Co. will shortly publish * new volume of poems by Mr. George Essex Evans containing a col lection of bis work during the last six Year*. The title of the new book will be »' Loralne : and other verses." lord Ronald Gower is engaged upon a book dealing with " The Tower of London." There are to be two volumes, the first *f frhioh will deal with the history of the trallding and its associations. Drawings are ft«lng made of the more picturesque portions «f the tower, and it is hoped to make the book the moat complete account ever pub lished of the moat interesting and ancient fortress in Britain. The second volume will etntaln biographies of all the most impor tant personages who have been connected .with the tower, together with a full list cf all those who have been Imprisoned within Its walls. The work la to be published by V«Mn. Kegan, Paul, and Co. ~" 