PARISIAN LETTER- (from our own correspondent.) Paris, August 13th, 1S9T. The Radical mamfd-to whicSi ins jost been published, is an electoral cry, :\u -p- peal to the constituencies, ruber than a serious party programme. The cry is to the effect that the Hepnbllc is in danger, hecaiKA Jlio or Ministry Ins split thu Republican patty in twain, and seeks the support ot' lDllios and Oons«?«vtth s rather than th it oC Radicals an 1 SucmIsg. The manifesto accuses the Ministry «jf clerical ten.k'ucie?, aud. proposes to unite all Republic :ns in a now campaign hgain-t the C.Uho'ic Chnrtii. "Citricalism is the eucniy" say the 111 iicaD. now as hs-raio- for", and llepnoli'-an concentration ths only means of maUiog Iki I ag-nnsf the common peril. li is however to be rouhled, whether this appeal \vU be very Miccosshil, as tin constitnmcies h xve i vi- dently lost faith in Radical nostrums, and the one now proposed is dimply a r vlvai of religious animosity, without any op- pfirnfc object. The Panama Commission of 1 qu ry b is foiiowed tlia example of the I'i'ouch Chainbets, and has adjourned tshr t/bV Tli«i litest iiTtj-ury, like it-: psvdecfss uv, 1ms tuned "in a JKs':rvj::)i I '-o. wide;"! com :c would now be to let bv :ost, n s it is too lot-? to di any good t > the "uf .r;u- natesh reholdcsof IJie ill fate coup ii:v. Most of th' pT-oiM C'ic«.rind ii Hits wi'jtciio ' affair m'.j dead, an : ihe.u is no practical advantage to be obtiinci ijy iiit.qiug mud at tbc-r <1? part-, i ghosts. J After nil thrf ruin of too Pan «m i C mpiuy , was ac .omj'lisb .d i-tfo » die fimjous , lolt'la' h.iu \v«ii:8»)os!o.iiea wbi.i«mi hoiui-'o Is mure ccrijin tinu thnl, even if M. d-: Lvs-eps mi l his friends had rjc«:io 1 lha who'© p-uwils of the loin i®il:tc\ tin c uiipany would have cou'eudo in v in -giinsL lV physical end pohticd i;b-- ( »clis in Us way. Strikes ofv riom khoi- ara in f »gr 5 and in the air on both fid o: the wed 1. Tlic«tF?k>'b iotiix. cipitr.l h.iv bean uuirj to in I. In ir way; the Mr!!: .> of t ii- c»f« wail rs Rg.iin-t boi.'g t:p««yd, tin tiriki-, or thre.'jl' »Ji-d Hlr'kt ol >ho c.thlildo, and now ihs. d s-trike of the omnibus men. Ab-nU tlK«e ?hons:ind miU wwe cellecLcd in liia S<lli3 Trndi the uiirr nigbt to eonid< r th wju .rion. dis- tiugi:i-hing feitu e oi these s'rik-.s lisre is an hum use clsal of sri', :intl no a : ounl of ititoiDrence on :he p»rt of the G v v msDtal uuLli nitits which woul 1 not bp t ji-ralcd hy Anglo -S :xou workman. A grrat many r solu'ious w< re passed, l>« nothing t lugibk- was done. What the groun !s of the men's complaints are do not app-ar very clear. The Peace negotiations at Constants ni-pie have a: list made n decided advance t\>wt»rl« s-ttlemcnt. The frontier line between Turkey and Grcaee bas b:en Eeuh-d, and also die nmonn: ot th- w r in demnity to be paid hy Gr;tce. The only thing now t » s-. tile is ;1m q ieFtio'i «»f the c ipitul-itious. as r-gords Gr.'.vks inh/i bit iug the Ot oimn Empire. Trrkpy demand- t.hpfr fJtiiiro nhnliM.in. and ilifi demand ivonlii b- re.eonable eiiongii, M".-re it ji i! for tlia s rjni; penchant of Xuj'key for Goci-jnii".! by magsitcrc. It is li.iw v.-r obvinu-, 1 1: m torn; cin- si-Urable alterations in r'i- t :rms of the Gfick c -.tn'.tiiati 'OS :mi=t bi malj as the Greek G--\ -rti.nr.it has un.lnnb'eilly need Ibom in lii- jes pisl f r the purpose of s;ir- rinjf np d:< -.llfCtion within the 0 toman dominion Greece liTtcif i" roty Pp i--. y p-opl-d, an.l if Greeks ca:;u 't lie in c >ui- fort nn.J' r Ottoman role, tli-v t' ("aaiigrile to Greece, wliieh is .piitc eip.i..: of siipporting a much iarp r p .poinion than rhe his at preseuf. Wii -ri Greeks Voluntnily lie a-jd.r Turkish rale, it is evident th-.y prefer it to bsing gorerntd by Greeks. file visit <>f Uis Ge mm Emp rar fo the Gzir is assarted to be simply compli ment -ry, but in these floys compliment- rv vidttMheti'ly c-i Vsr po'.tio ,1 couibit.a- It- r ; can be lio donbl, that since r — iY;tt — I ;i.U .../irV.r, fTtiie ' TO. it Elt Jijarrkian oays. Goa>n' , -one Aifandil iaoao_longerfssSe"io "assmna a provocative attitode towards France, and on the tuber hand, Bussian armies, spread along a compsr t'vely open frontit r, are nearer Bailm, than is unite screeable t ulie German Governmeut. Pri-ice Birmar.li tnet the diflieuhy in his time by a secret . tieaty with Kusaia, but it ie very donb: fill whet 'hi auyttiiug of the kind could be Rttcmpt -d now with the slightest prospect of success. As loag as the Ifranco- B us si an alliance exists Germany Is in a certain sense checkmated — and, inirerver, she is aware of the fact. Baron Baufly, Hungarian Premier, hae bad a long interview wi:h th- Em peror Fran is .Tosepli, at which it was agreed that the Emperor should oxeici-e his prerogative wi li regard to the Austro- Hnngarian Ausgleirh, or convoinion, which should be prolonged hr one y i r by Imperial decree. In ibis way a ihorny subject is withdrawn from the co tsi lera ticn of the Austrian Bsichsra'h, and i iuj hti- discussiin oil ihe subject is post poned. At another iuurvicw which took plioe betwe- u the Euipir.'!' and C-ouut Badein, the Au-l ian Premit r, i. was iv- Eolved to ii- iu-f r fr >m the Iltich- rath to ihe Bobentian Diet, tho op rat :ou of a modttz vUci'i between the Czech and German populations of Bdiemii. Both the Emperor ami his Mini-Pr agreed Ilia as the QCtialiOll was DUlvl > a local nun concerning Bolrmia alone it wee b' si to withdraw ii irjui the Au-triau it ichr .(li. '1'lie K-iebrath is thus being tauie-i by dc- priving i: of political fo-idt r. The piobtal trains, which the Viinrh railways have to ran at considerable ex pense and by which very often but few passengers can be talieu, have brought shout an innovation which is known tie the Autt mobile Postals, and with which soue interesting experiments have ju-i been made on the Noitbun railway between Paris and Beauvais, This auto mobile praciically cimists of an engine and post -van in one, similar io the bia Bteain tram cars, which are becoming th>- enese of rhe' siyeels leading 'o .the Parisian snhnrbs. This post ran is fitted . with an engine of the Bi rpoletta system, similar to that used on the train cars, for which the advantages of economy of wat< r ere claimed. Oai cr two carnages can- i' "he Attached to the post van if oecess ry ; > ® «y>eed op to about forty-five - miiee according fir the t; Bo far the expeiiment ap- haire given good r.- snlts, as tbe. i vnr.gurnntioh of fuel per kilometre onlj ave ages out about 41bs., whilst the ' watfr eonsumption is about ten pi its for the same distance. . . "The French Customs House authorities .'were riehtlv credite I with bril'iani enl-r- \- piise in the a laptalion of tiie Bon gen raye to the effective ss . rolling of piestn- -o- grya' baggage. Ko tn ic annoying uti- ; -o 'packing of ti' mks, no more unseemly ii> guest into a lady t uri-r's linen by the V.- pyofepe bands of a Cnstoms honse officer ; \- and, froin the authorities'' point of view, t meant an effective checkmate to th- ! jnort iugenions smuggling tricks. Bo. let the amateur photographer and his . illsgi-imstt cffspiing, the kodak fisnd, br- ' 0 - wire- The X rays playing on a box of " photographic plates wTU r. -rider every one of them useless. Such is the disturliin;. " discovery now made in connection with ,-the .eyvr-wonderful rays. Imaging' the I Afeelicge of en enthusiastic -protograplier i 1 owho, after sconriog TSurope to fill his; o dbu'm, should find on developing bis »/ ; pliies'that ty ry one had been "spoiled, i A.'-A 'ivcent einjniry into the- Paris night shelters brought ont the followiog facts : ft. A-Ai the close of last year there were 14 Infltbese establishments, 5 municipaP re- fuses and .3 of tlie philanlbrjpic society, i .."Which during the twelvemonth had har- i4ftiOS7 psrions, of whom 123,672 , :y;eiqent 15,557 womtn «nd2,fi33- chil- dren: Most of the inmates were day lab.rrrs, who nnnibered 36,657 men and 4,131 women. Ofoth-.-r occupations and professions there were among the rest 246 teachr-rs (unB), 168 lawyers and law yers' el rks, 120 dramatic artists, 61 governesses, 35 musicians, 25 interpreters, 16 students, 12 gymnasts, 10 actresses, 10 jonraalists and litter itenrs and' 3 archi tect®, Swedish papers compu'e the sums which Xaiisen has gained by the publica tion of hi® v flume on.his last royage to (lie X nr.ii P .le. Thus far tranelations have been male It.to tlie Swedish G> i-- ni an, Danish, Dutch, English, French and Czech laugu ges, for which he re ceives the sting amount of 720,000 marks, 300,000 of whieli h-.ve been con'ribut'ed by tils United States and England. Never hisa'more lucrative voyage been made to tho North Pole. In addition to the Belgian expedition which is now being ill tod ont '0 explore tho southern Pol >r legions, a Go man <x- pe-litiin, under Professor Ninmayer, io also about to leave for the sam-t regions. The . xpe iitlon will be m-dS" rp of tw.. sbi.-F, an I ii is prr.pjsoi to iuvestig. t I hat put -f tin A: til tic Ocean ri uate i t-> the Bont-i of the Island of Kt-rgue:en. A stitiaoisto he esiablishe I on a piiul of the coast which opto the prc-cut day- is pr cticilly unknown, llere se-eial scieotl-ttfi v.-jii remain a couple of n-in!Gi-s, ati-i whilst na" vessel will neu-ed to keep tip c<imm«uicati ni witli the outer work', Ihr n her wiil attempt lomake sobie geo- g.apb'cal discoveriee. It is evtttnate.i :hot the expedition will eal.il an -outlay of close upon A'50,0C0. 