The Revenue, THE revenue returns for the half year were published' yesterday in a special sup plement jfco the ' Government Gazette ' and must be pronounced satisfactory. It is true that there is a decrease on the quarter ending December 31st, 1896, of £111,804 as compared with the corresponding- quarter of 1895 and a decrease of £228,074 on the half-year ending December 31st, 1896, as compared 'with the corresponding half-year of 1895. But then it must be remembered that in the last half of 1895 the Government levied £444,911 in the shape of Cusfome duties, which, duties expired on January 1, 1896. To make up for this grave deficiency there 'was only received in the latter half of 1896, in the way of new taxation £17,435 for land tax, and j£152,252 for income tax, or a total of £169,687 towards- making up a re duction oi £444,911. It speaks well for the progress of the country that the Government ..naving. voluntarily . sur rendered a net revenue of £275,224 on the half year should yet only have to show a falling off of £228,074. If taxation had been maintained as of old, the revenue must have shown a substantial increase. Going through the various items there are several points in connection ?with the half year which, tend to show that trade is improving. Thus upon the Customs duties which still remain there is an im provement of £37,000. Excise remains about as it was. 'The land revenue it is true is £75,006 less, but then it has not been bolsterednp by land Bales which are £11,000 lower than in the latter half of 1895, -while ' Mining Occupation ' shows a slight in crease. The ;llailway; ' Receipts, ' the best Index of all,ghow an increase of £65,662— a sum of £1^3,154 for. the latter half of 1895 againslTii;798,i816 for 'flie latter half of 1896. .'ike Post Office also shows an increase * of . abou^ £20,000. there being an improvement': on 'every item-— -postage, telegraphic receipts, commission on money orders, poundage on, postal notes. This also is a good sign. * So alsOj though not quite so markedly , is an improvement of £27,000 in stamps, iihough the receipts for stamps, as has been before explained, Van be swollen by a number of accidental causes, as the, for the Government, lucky accident of the demise of the possessors of a few large for tunes. Generally the country can be congratulated on the result of the last half year, and it is pleasing to note that the improvement is not confined to New South Wales, but affects also neighboring colonies. The fruit and vegetable dealers, or at least a considerable number of them, have been protest ing against the new bylaws of the City Council with respect to the issue of weekly licences. At the meeting held by them at tfie Freemasons' Hotel, York-street, the other day, it was contended that the issue of such weekly licences was to the detriment of bona-fide dealers, and it1 was urged that quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly licences would be far better. . One proposal which was submitted to the meeting, though subsequently withdrawn, embodied rather strong objections of a general kind with respect to the bylaws in question. It affirmed roundly that the subjecting of fruit, vegetable, and other hawkers to such a tax 'was ?UEjust. Now, it may be at once assumed, as a certainty that the City Council had no intention of dealing harshly or unjustly with these -hawkers, and that the iesue of weekly licences was probably intended to euit the convenience of people to whom quarterly or half-yearly payments would seem a heavier obligation. However, at that larger and more representative meeting which tie fruit-dealers have very wisely decided to hold ? the matter will no doubt be discussed more tho roughly on its merits. At present the alleged grievance would seem to be one respecting -which there may be room for two opinions. The hawk ers, or their spokesmen, should make their case a Uttle clearer. ' -. : . - ' I The chapter of accidents has received many addi-T tions, and often fatal ones, through the strange carelessness frequently exhibited by bathens in respect of the choice of places in which a. 'freader' is taken. On Thursday there w.as a remarkable instance of this lamentable want of caution, when a i man -was admitted to the Sydney Hospital suffering j from serious injuries, which he had received through diving at the Fig Tree Baths, Wooiloo mooloo, in only two feet of water. His head had come in contact with a rock, as indeed it was pretty safe to do when ihere was only that much water intervening. Tie man was probably de pending on some knack which he had of thus Plunging into shallow water, in minor imitation, perhaps, of the feate of the unfortunate Peart. At any rate, he has met with e similar fate. .Hfe death in the hospital is reported this morning. A paragraph in the 'Evening News' of Thurs day last, extracted from the 'Orange Advocate,' contains a bitter complaint on the subject of the local railway station. It is alleged in this re ference to it that the station in question was supplied very much 'on the same principle as soap might be served out, or clotb. measured off. The plans and specifications for the edifice 'were, it is said, originally intended for the use of some siding or platform in another locality, and were seemingly drawn up on so accommodating a scale that, they would have answered for one site just as well as for another. But as none of the several places mentioned happened to be ready, for them, it occurred to the engineer of jthe time that Orange should have the benefit of these remarkable designs. ; Accordingly they j took substantial, but, as it is lamented, all too i hideous and inconvenient shape, in the-EailWky jstation. The suggestion that the Kailway Com jmissioners might manage to spare a little time 'for considering the claims of .Orange to better {accommodation than the 'make shift' station i affords is, at any rate, a reasonable one, and, it i is to 'be hoped, will not have' been/jmade in vain. - - ^_ ? . ,,-.'. , -., Prom Wilcannia yesterday came ? one oi. those pitiable stories : which in eammer time, are so regu larly, heard of from the busli. Tbe body of an:tui lortunaie man was found thirty-five vinilasSroia Poonearie on Christmas Day, Who h^perMfea from thiiBt Tne saddest fact In cpnnectionV[WitE his death WE3 the; statement made at. -£he magisteriai inquiry, that had the poor fellow only followed- the road a littif further 1han where'.^fie, turaescr; off ;iri the directiaa of the place in whicii he^diedjiiefwould iiave reached ?«.: tank of good water.' Smr.-olt&i;, in Australian experience similarly tragic ehdings'toaght have been everfced.Jiad the victims 'jgtitf^pagJL, ihls Base, been ignorant of the fact fiiatvthe^ means of ? relief-were so close at hand. - '?:?'?' ..r~ . ?'?'. --'?'?-., ; The poet, -conatituting himself tie nwuthpiece of the many, exclaimed that 'we take no note of time ^ave by its- loss.' . Such after-reckoning- ote .not, howwar, ofttaj&t; ta N^pect rfa pbeadbte Idas ot 'one'e torn. Therefore, that paragraph in yesterday's 'Evening News/' with reference to the tram ser vice, .and to the timetable alterations which will be ?introduced to day, was doubtleffi read with atten tion by a numerous section of the public. Altera tions are not always, as most ot us have, at one period or another, had occasion to know, to be regarded as improvements, but in this instance they- may. be considered es of such a. character. In several direc tions increased facilities will be afforded for those who journey by tram. On the Glebe line the weakly service, at intervals of twelve minutes which is now to be supplied, will, it is to be presumed, meet what has been a decided and increasing 'want. The changes introduced in connection with the Lieich hardt, Marrickville, and other lines are also likely to prove advantasepus ones. . Not leas so ehould be the additional tram service to Coogee and to Bcndi. Altogether, the department may be said to be be ginning tiie new year well. , Those wiio follow closely the progress of the inter colonial cricket contests cannot fail to notice that in the match commenced yesterday between Victoria and' South. Australia, the Victorians showed greatly improved batting form as compared with their per formance in the late match against New South Wales. Cine of the team, O'Halloran, who did not play in the late match, and was only ?taken on in place of Carlton, made over a century without losing his wicket Johns, the mueh-diseussed wicket keeper, who has rarely ever done anything with the -,-bat in.- a firet-class match, just reached half a century, and was still :;batting when the stumps were ? drawn, while M'Leod, :Trott, Roche, and laver all seem to have played good cricket. It ?cannot be overlooked, however, that the heavy scor ing came late in the day. T2ie first two wickets fail for nil, and the bowlers appeared to have the batsmen at their mercy. ThB truth, appeals to be that South Australia, notwithstanding its great gun, Jones, is not strong in bowling. Giften could do little, while Evans quite failed to come up to his promise, and neither of the otiher three who were tried — Homberg, Lyons, nnri Reedman — were any use. Towards the end of the day Janes was evi dently fired out, and completely mastered. O'Hal loran is a professional player in- a Melbourne club, and, after his performance of yesterday, will doubt JesB be heard of in future great matches. Though one never -fari tell till the numbers go up, it seems a foregone conclusion that Victoria, with 335 runs for nine wickets, will put this particular match to her credit, and that the intercolonial 'cricketing supremacy of this season will lie between Victoria and New South Wales. The most notable of the distributions of New Year honors is the Peerage conferred on the emi nent surgeon Sir Joseph Lister. He is not, in deed, the first representative of modern scientific methods who has been raised to what in the old fashioned phrase would have been called the Patrician order. Anyhow, the distinction has been sufficiently uncommon to elicit special .atten tion in this case. Peerages were at one time — and that not very far back— regarded as utterly beyond the aspirations of representatives of sciencs or literature. It was thought that a signal com pliment had been paid the medical profession whem George the Third's physician, Dr. Blayne, was made a baronet. The line for a long while seemed to be drawn severely at that point as far as medicos, whom the monarch was pleased to honor, were concerned. The most notable recipients of titles after Dr. Blayne were Sir Henry Holland, Sir AsHey Cooper, and Sir Benjamin Brodie. Apart from his own line, Sir Henry Holland was one of the most erudite men of his day. The physician, it* used to be said, might have held Latin -colloquies with the ghost of Erasmus, his knowledge of that language was so elegant and easy. But, though he stood in high favor at Court, . there was never any talk of making him a peer. In like manner, when Astley Cooper was added to the list of English baronets, it was thought that a great compliment had been paid him. . He, too, was brought near enough to the 'fountain of honor' to be considered as eligible for ' the best it. could be supposed to give to such a claimant. George IV. had a particular liking for Cooper, was fond of conversing with him on the subject oa which that great surgeon -was naturally most at home. Sir Astley, it may be worth while to note, was one of the very few of George's sub jects 'who were admitted to close intimacy with hiin who preserved much respect for him. The description which Sir Astley ha\ left of the King exhibits his Majesty in a far better light than he is placed in by any other extant. How ever, peerages were not to be won by\ doctors in those days whatever may have been tb^ir profes- . 'Sional . merits, or the admiring moodiin -which they were disposed to contemplate Rpyal personages. The first time when literary eminence ' was rewarded with a peerage was, as is well known, when the celebrated esaayis;: and historian became Lord Macasllay. But as JV&cauIay; had been a notable politician,1 too, that fact -may have counted in the case. If so,; the other .great literary Peer, the late Lord Tennjeon, may; also be considered as the one man in whom purely literary claims have -as yet been officially recognised in tiat particular way. Of course, we all remem ber ' the disapproving comments which were heard whei fche poet was announced to the world as Lord Tenoyecn. Oddly enough., some of the severest stric tures came from people who could see nothing ridi culous in the fact of their own professions of re publican sympathy being associated with a strange] craving after much cheaper and certainly more canj templative handles to thoir nampp . I 