BUTLER TELLS YARNS. The prisoner was caught in an exceptionally good humor on Monday morning by your representative, when he talked freely of his adventures in different parts of the world. On the subject of the trial or the events which have led up to it he was reticent, and refused to discuss his line of defence or the witnesses he is likely to call. ' Just you wait till I produce the man who did the shooting,' he said airily. ' There's plenty of time yet. This trial won't be over for months yet. I'm going to call witnesses from all over the world.' It was impossible to force the man, so the subject was changed ' Tell me how you first came to Australia.' ' Right you are. Shall I tell you about the first and only shipwreck I was ever in ? Well, I came to Australia in a sailing ship, the Ulidia, hailing from a port in Lancashire, and bound for Fremantle, Westralia. I was in the fo'casle, and we had an uneventful voyage. On leaving the port of Fremantle in ballast for Newcastle we were trving to get along without a tug, and had a good breeze, which aided us in clearing the harbor. When almost abreast of Rottnest Island we were ' wareing ' ship, trying to clear a small reef. We got ' in stays,' the wind died, and the heavy swell drifted us on the rocks. There was a good sea running, and a hole was knocked in her bottom. There she lies to the present day — a help- less hulk. No one was drowned, and we were all paid off. I remained in the west for seven months, at the end of which I came to Sydney — no matter how. I shipped during the strike in a vessel belonging to the Adelaide Steamship Company, whose name I for- get, which relieved the Rob Roy. In June, 1892, I started from Fremantle for the gold fields, where I was more or less fortu- nate. I was taken ill with fever in Coolgardie, so I went back to Fremantle. There I got boozing, &c.;, and spent all my money, and had 300 miles to go to get back to the gold fields. 'Now I'll tell you about the policeman's horse,' he continued with a laugh. ' I had managed to get to Northam, a little place the terminus of the railway line at that time, when I met a gentleman who wanted to buy a horse. I didn't quite relish a tramp with nothing in my pocket, so I set my wits to work to get some money. Now I had noticed three horses in a paddock near the town, and I offered to sell them to the man. He in- spected them and bought a grey for £40, for which I gave him a receipt signed 'Richard Ashe.' He took the horse, but twelve miles out was arrested by the police, to whom, as it turned out, the horse belonged. His receipt, signed by me, led them to look for this child, and tor twelve days I led the blacktrackers such a dance! Had it not been for the confounded sand which gives you away they would never have tracked me. As it was they bailed me up, and the result was I got 'jugged' in Fremantle Gaol. 'They wanted to lag me for horsestealing, but you see, I'd never laid hands on the horse. It was a case, of ' horse dealing,' and I was found guilty of false pretences.' ' By the way, you were in the police force in Wes- tralia, were you not ?' ' Only as a probationer, I never served there; the pay was only 5s 3d a day, and I didn't see anything in it.' ' Were you ever in the police force in England ?' 'Yes; I served in Warwickshire and Staffordshire as a constable after I left the army.' ' And so you were really in the army ?' ' Yes ; in the 5th Dragoons.' ' Under what name ?' ' Shan't tell you.' ' Thanks.' ' Shall I tell you about our attempt to rob the tombs ?' ' Fire away.' ' Well, some of my mates and I went up to the pyramids to try and break into one of the mummy boxes, on the off chance of getting at the jewels, but we couldn't do it without dynamite, so that didn't come off. You know Shepherd's Hotel ? Well I've been there lots of times. A big Army house.' ' Yes, but not the usual resort of the rank and file.' ' You don't believe me ? ' 'No; but to return to your sailoring. How many aliases did you assume ?' ' I couldn't remember. I had a name for every ship I sailed on.' ' Why?' ' It is a common custom for sailors to change their names going from port to port, for it relieves them of the long service on ship. I was an apprentice when I was a boy. I only went as a sailor latterly to get from one place to another.' ' What about your experience on the Olivebank ?' ' When I shipped from Rio in the Olivebank I understood that if I could get a man to take my place, Captain Petrie would pay me off at Newcastle. There were plenty of men there to put in my place, but Captain Petrie objected to grant- ing my discharge. When he objected I threatened to throw him overboard or break his head, or something. The cap'ain issued a warrant for my arrest. I was bound over to keep the peace, but being unable to find the surety I went to gaol in Maitland. While there the Olivebank sailed and I was left behind. ' When I got my discharge from the Olivebank it was marked with a big D, which meant, I suppose, ' disgrace,' or ' disorderly.' Anyway, it was no use. Having been released from gaol in Maitland, I went back to the gold fields. There I had a number of adventures, during which I shot many blacks. One of our men, Frank Searl, was speared by the blacks, and badly wounded. The miners wanted revenge. There were a lot of guns going at the time. I don't know how many we shot. The case was reported to the police, and the tribe outlawed. ' I was in West Australia for three years under the name of Richard Ashe. For about one year I was known as Harwood. I will not tell how I came in possession of the certificate bearing his name. I hold a miner's certificate, and I am a miner of ex- perience.' ' How could a miner of your experience expect to find gold in Glenbrook ?' 'There should be gold at Glenbrook. There is gold at Lithgow.' Then he went off at another tangent. ** I will tell you how the gold escort was stuck up. No, I will not. It might implicate the police.' Then turning to Detective M'Hattie he said, ' M'Hattie, you remember how the Perth police were stuck up, and the sale taken out of the court house and robbed of £200. M'Hattie, you know about that,' and Butler winked. ' What about your connection with Mr. Yates ?' 'Yates was the man I met at Gillham's in answer to one of his advertisements. He said he was going to mine at Eugilbah, and I agreed to go with him. We left Sydney by a steamer, and after arriving at Grafton started for the mines on horses. Three or four others joined our party on the way. We arrived at Eugilbah on a Sunday. In the afternoon I looked around the field we were to prospect in. I saw at a glance there was no gold in it, and that it was only a hoax, so I went back to Sydney. That was the last I saw of Yates. He is a good fellow, but no miner. ' When I got back to Sydney I started advertising for mates on my own hook. I was not exactly a stranger in Sydney, but I wanted men to go with me who were miners.' Then he told of his experiences in many parts of the world, wandering from country to country, relating yarns that may or may not be ' ghost stories,' as he calls them. If they are true, then Butler has seen more of life than most men. 