In a fow days the Federal Convention will ho sitting again in Sydney j audit is scarcely hyperbolical to say that : its deliberations will ho big with the fate of .umpire, jno prescient mind can deny that the dreams of a world-wide Anglo- Saxon Federation are within the region of the possible ; and that if the day is ever to come to this blood-soaked earth when men "shall beat their swords into " plough shares, and their spears into " pruning hooks " ; and when " nation " shall not lift up sword against nation, "neither shall they learn war any more," it will bo inoro likely to bo realisable by an Anglo-Saxon Federation than by any other scliomo that is as yet within human ken. And there is just as little doubt that the Federation of the scattered por tions of the vast British Empire must be a condition prcecdont to any larger concep tion. Therefore it is that all men whoso political vision extends beyond the radius of " the ignorant present" have aspirations for an Australian Commonwealth, such as . may make us 0110 people with one destiny. The conception is a noble one, and as inspiring as it is noble. But unfortunately there was never yet a rose without its thorn, nor any great mundauo good unaocoinpanied by an attendant peril. The rose must be pluckod with care if we would nvoid a wound ; and Australian Federation, if it is to realise domestic peace and blessing, must be brought about, not with the haphazard dash of ignorant rashness, but with the circumspection and provision of the states man. The other day we had Dr. Bcvan, who has no claims to bo a prophet, nor the son of a prophet, telling us that tlio German Federation, built upon sword points and cannon,' is already botray- ing the insecurity of its founda tion. Bo that as it may, there needs no ghost to come from tlio grave to inform us that a political union built on provincialism and injustice .would contain within itself the seeds of its own decay. In the short life of this colony tlio inherent constitutional defects which placed the iinal legislative veto, not in the people, but in the hands of a class IIouso, representing wealth only, has beun the means of wasting years of time and losing grand opportunities of national advance ment. It has indefinitely put back the clock of progress, and introduced amongst us the bitterness that is always engendered from a sense of wrong. . Unfortunately, the same clique who have ever sought in this smaller sphere to deny to the people their right to govern are moving with slow and stealthy steps to work into the larger constitution of the Commonwealth the political virus that lias poisoned the springs of our colonial poli tics. We are told that unless wo consent to vest the final legislative veto in a small minority of the people rather than in a large majority tliero can be no present fede ration. We, for our part, decline to believe that vicious doctrine. 'Tliero is no cvidonco. of i£; but if it were an ascertained truth instead of a rash surmise, there would be - no remedy but to wait until more liberal and en lightened views prevail. In the mean time, all the Legislatures of all the colo nies have made it clear that the Federal Bill as it loft the lirst meeting of the Convention was 'a measure so faulty as to be acceptable nowhere. It is true that our own Assembly has shorn the measure of its grosser defects ; but for want of time there has beon nothing put in the place of the excised financial clauses. Yet these clauses must have an extremely intimate bearing upon our Victorian wel fare for years to come. Upon the proper adjustment of those clnuses may depond whether or not this colony is to lose half a million sterling a year in direct revenuo, besides suffering the extinction of many of its most valued protected industries. Clearly no colony of tlio group is prepared to make those enormous sacrifices in the interests of union. Indeed, such a condi tion of things, if brought about, instead of cementing union, would destroy it, per haps in the same way as the vicious doctrines of slavery and States rights brought about the bloody War of Secession in America. Sydney is a " free port," pr soon likely to be. Ilor c ustoms will so on yield no revenue ; and yet from tlio Cus tom House of the Federal Conimon wealth there must for five years bo raised a revenue of at least £7,000,000. Our Federal Accounts Committee has sug gested " that New South Wales should, "on tho establishment of the Federation, " impose general duties in anticipation of " the uniform tariff, as this courso would " have tlip effect of preventing anticipatory " importations." Sydney may or may not agree to this. ' dlut as wo have" shown, tho revenue duty is not the most serious dilli- culty. Tho Accounts Committee of Victoria put tho caso in .a few words when it informed Parliament that "a further disadvantage, in addition to " the loss of duties which possibly would " bo occasioned by tho influx of large " quantities of goods into -Victoria "which had paid no duty, would "bo .the effect such importations " might liavo upon the protected industries " of Victoria." Thoro was not a speaker on any side of Parliament who "attempted to weaken the validity of that drgiunont. Mr. M'Cay, with tho sanction of nil almost unanimous Chamber, attomptod to provido a safeguard against tho danger. To somo extent he was successful, but it did not, and could not, provide against the loss of revenue which the froo introduction of the goods into Now South Wales would entail. That evil is just as open as over it was. A suggestion made by Mr. Isaacs would possibly meet tho case. This was that if Now South Wales persists"; in keop- ing open her ports to foreign importations, she should consent to make good to the otlior colonies the revenuo which they would lose from that persistence. Some- thing of the sort is of I tonra tive, if Sydnoy's freo-tj lido . policy 1. . continued. 11 Ilero wo would lnnko oiiffif) more the sug gestion which has mot witlj .'rowing favor- that the Federal Convents on shall frame a temporary uniform' tarir to come into force synonymously with 4 10 Fudoral C,:n- stitution. This would j at omiot inab> npproximatoly certain wh it is now pro blematical, # namely, the amount uf rovanuo on wliioh tlioj lirst Federal Treasurer could rely, an 1 tlio amount which tho looal Treasurers would have rofundod to thorn to / carry on the functions of State Government, Of itsolf it would' not bo a f afeguatd against the mercantile manipulations of the Sydney port; but that Liscliicf could be mot either bv Svdnev nlcccim' o,i„,h for herself in anticipation tlio uniform tariff as soon as it was ijramod, or, if she refused that, making good to tho Common wealth what tlio other States would lose in tho first year from her free importations. The investigations which have been made must have uiado clear to our Victorian deiegatos that any fiscal scheme which does not equitably provido for these things will necessarily fail of acceptance in this colony. There are thoughtless people abroad who 'deprecate discussion. Tlioy cry: — "Give us " Federation at any cost, A just Fedora- "tion if wo can get it ; but Federation any "way rather than none." There arc others, such as the Gorman foreign trade agents, whoso business it is fn assist Gorman exporting houses to capture Aus tralian markets, who demand Federation and Freo-trado together, though it has been demonstrated that a high protective tariil must bo the accompaniment of Federation. Thoro are therefore both fools and knaves who stand in the way of Federation. Botween them they may hinder ittho one from folly, the other from trade greed. But if the people be only sufficiently awake to these obstacles such stumbling blocks should not prove insuperable. President Fanre's trip to St. .Poterslmr»' lias after all beon productive of more sari.", factory results to France than was the Czar's visit to Paris. The much talked of Franco-Russian allianco, tlio only public . authority for tho existence of which was an oracular nod given in the Chamber of Deputies by Premier Kibot, lias at last been officially affirmed j and France is in a frenzy of delight. It was a sore disap pointment in October last year when the Emperor Nicholas loft Paris, after all tho adulation showered upon ami inemise oifered to him, without having in Ins cordial acknowledgments and compliments to France once used tiie word " idlianej." Socialist deputies in the Chamber strongly hinted doubts of the existence of the compact, and demanded to bo informed why, if there was a treaty, it was not publicly announced. The Foreign Minister — then, as now, M. llanotaux— was taunted with having beon " unable to-obtain the Czar's signa- "ture" ; but lie remained prudently and persistently silont, lb was truo that the Czar liad replied with mero civil thanks and cool friendliness to the effusive (lattery which the German' Emperor had lavished on him during the previous month at Breslau. The Kaiser's gushing statement that' "Jubilant " waves of enthusiasm swelled among " bis people" in welcome to bis Majesty of Muscovy, and his fulsomo compli ment to " the fascination of the youtluu! "figure of tlio knightly emperor" at the head of a German army corps, elicited from the Cz.ar nothing more than the assuranco that ho was " inspired by the " same traditional sentiments as his Uer- " man Majesty." France was grateful for this coolness towards German advances; but she expected something definite toconw out of the Paris welcome; and when it did not eomo sinister reflections followed that " perlide Albion " was responsible for the default, and that Lord Salisbury had not spent three days with the Russian Emperor at Balmoral Gastle without exerting anti-Gallio iniluenco. But now at last the Czar has spoken tho magic word. Franco and- Russia, lie deliberately declares, are two friendly and "allied" nations — equally resolved to maintain peace. But though France is doliglitcd she is not quite satisfied, and Radical deputies are already demanding that, the terms of the alliance shall lie comnmni- ' cated to the Chamber. This, however, is a stop further than the Czar will permit. Confidential treatios which have been kept seorot for over a year nro not intended for Parliamentary publica tion. . Even Prince Bismarck did not make his startling " revelation " — that Germany had a secret treaty of " benevolent neu- " trality " with Russia, while bound by the Triplo Allianco to defend Austria against Russia — until six years aftor the former treaty liad beon abandoned. It would serve neither Franco nor Russia to expose their cards before Europe. The alliance, whatever its terms, must necessarily bo an unequal partnership; and there can be no doubt who is the pre dominant partner. France absolutely and urgently needs an ally, for she might at any time be called upon to face the invad ing forces of tlio Triple Alliance ; hut she is safe from that with the armed millions of the Czar, nob at her back, but nt the backs of lior opponents ready to take them in tho rear. Russia, for her part, can dispense with an ally so long as her policy is not direotly aggressive. She fears, and needs to fear, no hostile invasion. Her vast torritory, her rigorous climate, lior hosts of readily raised and armed men, are her guarantees of territorial safety. Hence Russia takes the initiative when anything aggressive is to ho done, or to be attempted, by the Dual Alliance. M. Berthclot, French Minis ter for Foroign Affairs, did not appreciate this faot properly Inst year when ho sent a threatening despatch to England in respect to tlio Dongola expedi tion without consulting St. Petersburg. A sharp remonstranoe onsued, followed by "the resignation of M. Bortliclot from the Cabinet. The incident was symptomatic ; so also, later on, was -the summary rejec tion by Russia of the French proposals for the international control of tho Ottoman Bank— succeeded by a scini-ollieial announcement from St. Petersburg that " perfect agreoment on all points between " France and Russia continues." There is no disinterestedness in diplomacy, and is is perfectly obvious that wliilo France must aid Russian designs for her own safety's sake, Russia will only assist Frenoli aims when tbero is something definite and valuable to bo gained by her self. It would be mero stupidity for Russia to attack England for tho purpose of handing over Egypt to France, of giving lier the control of the Niger, or enabling her to add to-1'onquin, Sinm and north eastern Burmah. But the second mnritimo power in Europo would bo of great- as sistance to Russia in any eonlliut thao might arise with England about bin possession of Port Arthur, the annexa tion of Manchoorin to Siberia, or tho breaking a. road from Central Asia to an Indian Ocean port through Persia or Afghanistan. So far as Russian designs on Armenia and the Balkan peninsula aro concerned, these aro mattors 'which more intimately concern Austria and; Italy, whom Germany is liound to support, than England, whoso traditional policy with respect to tho Turk has so far changed that never again will a British army tako the Hold, or a British fleet tho sea, to keep the Sultan in Constantinople. But it is not alone French jealousy .and Eussian acquisitiveness that England needs to take into account. The growth and strongtli of the empire has generally alarmed the Continental powers from a com mercial point of view. Tlioy see before them 110 prospect of acquiring colo nial possessions of solid value," of find ing outlets for their population that will strengthen instead of weakening tliem as at present, and no market for their produc tions, while England " bestrides the world " like a Colossus," and even conjecturally contemplates a commercial federation .of her vast possessions. " Trade follows the « Hag " is an axiom in which the Conti nental powers believe as strongly as Mr. Chamberlain himself ; hut they add to its force by the adoption of protection, while England still adheres to the policy of free-trade. But Canada's preferential duty tariff (lias jmade a dis tinct breach in tho antique rampart of British fiscal prejudice ; and Europe sees clearly enough that if tho system ho extended throughout tho empire and trade competition is met by its own tactics, the results must bo com mercially disastrous. Germany is of course the country -most affected, most eager for trade and colonies, and most co m- mercially jealous of England. The Emperor William's longing designs on South Africa have not been disguised : his persistent intermeddling in respect to the Transvaal and Delagoa Bay have caused acute diplomatic trouble ; and his famous telegram to President Krugcr at tlie time of tho Jameson raid wont near to provoke an international explosion. There is nn ovident disposition in both France and llussia to stimulate Gorman hostility to England, to work on the trade and colonial aspirations of tho Kaiser in order to bring about a rupture. St. Petersburg journals a few days ago were advocating a Pranco-German-ltussian alliance against England to wipe out of competitive existcnco " tho pirates of tho earth." A littlo later an article, inspired it is said by the French Foreign Minister, appeared in ; the Paris " Figaro," advocating the same compact, proposing to drop 'the Alsace- Lorraine quarrel till the next genera tion, and urging upon Germany, to issuo the challenge for the " inevit able duel" which must he fought with England to prevent tho creation of a " New Australia " in South Africa. There is no mistaking the attitudo of tho Imperial Government on this question. Mr. Cham berlain has. declared that England's policy is " Hands off South Africa," and it would lie indeed a triumph for tho Dual Allianco if it could induce the Kaiser to take a decidedly hostile step in tlio Transvaal affair. England and Germany at war, both weakened and burdened by tho struggle, would offer a splendid opportunity for France and Russia to jointly come for ward and tako what they want, but are now afraid to seize. The inevitable disasters which Germany would sustain in playing catspaw to France and Kussia by engaging in this duel with England aro obvious enough. Tho total destruc tion of German commerce and the Gorman marine and the loss of the Gorman colonies would bo the almost immediate results. There is no lack of jealous feeling in Germany, but tho desire there j appears to bo that some other Power- should undertake to do the fighting conse- ' qucnton any attempt to cage the British lion within tho bounds of the four seas. German journals amiably suggest to Russia that sho ought roally, to. ,takb. advantage of tho present Indian frontier outbreaks to give trouble to England in Afghanistan 1 