Squire Barnard. (BY KATHARINE TYNAN,) Squire Barnard, of Castle Barnard, was a man filled with the fullness of life. Ho looked round upon his castle and his pas tures, his park-land and his plough-land, and had no more thought to his latter end than the man in the Scriptures. He had an ancient house, from tho windows of which he surveyed throo counties, and which had booh his father's bofore him, and would be his son's aftor him. Ho had the land hunger and tho house-hunger for ? his own ?possessions. He was incredibly proud, tinder his rough interior, of his name and his race. Ho was a. rod-faced, blustering, overbearing man ; hahdsomo, if you like tho sort — bl'uo-oyod, red-haired1, wliito-fcoot'hed. His friends said that tho heart of him was as sound as a nut ; others, and these with no cause of disaffection towards him, held him a man whose will, was born to over ride the wills and the rights of tho weak. His dogs and horses know the lash of his whip, but loved him withal. His servants hold him honest, although his face in tho stable-yard and the cattlo-byro Avas as good as a high wind. There was one ho was never rough with — his French wife. She was littlo, and merry as a' squirrol, with bright, dancing brown eyes, and a pretty luannor of appeal that wont to one's' heart. She hung on Squire Barnard's life like a rose on his coat. Shis waH always prattling to him, or nestling by him with her littlo Drown hand in his great paw, or perched on his arm-chair whisper ing in his oar some innocent jest, at which ho would shout his big laugh and swear that there was nevor such a girl. She was more babyish and more witching than her two boys — solemn, serious-eyed, 'brown-skinned children, peautiful in round noss and health. . Thoso boys were the crown of Squire Bardard's pride. They were called -Pierre and Antoino — Peter' and Antony the squire said wore names good enough for him. Ho had thorn riding their ponies before they wore three years of age, and he was as proud of their pluck as ho was of their health and beauty. He had found his French Vifo abroad — ? no one quite know whore.- It was cortain that she* Boomed to havo no relatives j at least, no one out of Franco over came to visit her. There was a rumour that Squire 'Barnard had eloped with hor — a foolish rumor perhaps ; but Nolly Egan, a house maid at Castlo Barnard, swore to tho eon . voimtion sho had hoard one morning whon sho was dusting the inner library and tho squire and his wifo in the outer had not seen ui' heard hor presence because of tho heavy curtains drawn across tho arch between. Tho squire was at his papers, his lady as usual seated on tho arm of his chair. .For a miracle, she was silont, and after a time tho squire seemed to notice so unusual a hap pening, for Nolly heard him say : — ' What, my chicken, silont so long ! I shall think thy music is out of season with the blackbird's and tho lark's.' She answered nothing, and then, accord ing to Nelly, who must have had hor eye betAveen the curtains, he swung her on to his knee, and laid her down on his shoulder as if she were a bit of a child. Then lie swore a groat oath, which Nolly was too good a Catholic to record, that ho would havo no tears ; yet, for all that, ho pulled out bis big bandanna, and mopped away at tho .Drench wito s eyes affectionately. 'It is tho birthday -ef my mother, Ro bort,' she said in broken English, that fell from hor lips as prettily as tho drops of water from a fountain. ' And Avhat then ? I have a birthday in a week from now } and whatever thou askost of mo I shall give thoo. Is that enough, child ?' Ho gathered hor up closer in his arms, and hold hor against his rough cheek. 'I would go into France, if I might, and pray my mother's pardon. Sho is old, and I loft hor without a word. What would we do, thou and I, if some day our sons should do tho like ?' 'Thy lady-mother would have none of mo,' tho squire said, with a tremble of anger in his voice, 'because I prayed as my .fathors had prayed before ino. Why dost thou think of hor '/ Hast thou not me ?' ' Yos, yes, Robert,' answorod the French wifo timidly, and lifting a hand to stroke his cheek. ' I ought not to woop having #so dear a husband.' 'And thy lads, thy gift to me. Come to the terrace to see them. Antony is playing with his ball, and Peter, whon I last saw him, was sotting his pony to jump the sunk fence.' , ? ? ? ?'Oh, my boy,' cried the 'French wife, getting up and running fast to tho door. ?' Ho will kill himself ! Why dost thou not bid him, Robert, that ho should be care ful?' 'Nay,' said' tho squire, following and detaining hor, 'I -will not havo my boys taught fear, I would rather to soo thorn dead than afraid. I will let thee go whon thou hast gained1 courage.' The French wifo, indeed, was fluttering in his grasp like a snared bird, and turning great eyes of appeal upon him ; but though no caught her in his arms and hold her oloso, ho was merciless to her. Only whon sho hnd promised him not to frighten the boy did. he lot her go, and then ho wont with her. It was Nelly, again, who hoard this sorap of conversation between them whon sho ought to have boon minding her own business. The squire had been away, and on his return had brought his wife a barbaric piece of jewelry. It was his custom to load hor with gems and gold. Sho was thanking him, with her heart in hor eyes, and tho children were rolling together with tho dogs on tho hearth-rug. His glanco fell upon thorn, and prido leaped into his eyes. ' Thou hnst given mo tho boys,' ho said, pointing at them, ' I have a right to love thee.' ? '?Thou wouldst love me without the boys, Robert,' she said in alarm. ' I don't know that I could love a child less woman, even thee. What would be come of the land, then ? Be content, my pretty. Thou art the mother of brave sons, and I adore thee.' Not so long after this, as time goes, Squire Barnard and his cousin James met over a card table. The tAvo men hated each other, and both were inflamed by drink, Squire Barnard Avas the loser, and Avas savage. Insult after insult he flung into his cousin's pale, sneering' face, which had a look of triumphat malice that almost maddened him. His ill-luck continued, and he grew wilder and more savage. He played his cards amid a shower of oaths, and his insults to the man opposite increased so that James Barnard's Areins sAvolled in his forehead, his lip's worked, and into his little grey eyes there came a greenish light like that' in the eyes of a beast when' he is about to spring. 'I can bear A\rith thee, Cousin Robert,' he said at last, Avith icy deliberation, ' and tasting the Avords as if they were delicious, ' One day thou A\rilt come to an end of thy passions by a fit, and Castle Barnard will be mine, and thou Avilt be forgotten.' 'Thine, thou devil 1 ' shouted Squire Barnard, his eyes starting from their sockets. ' And Avhat of my nonny lads ?' James Barnard hissed a Avord between his teeth at which the other man fell back and panted hard. For a moment he felt as dazed as the bull in the arena when he has lost much blood and feels the sharp stab of the spear. Then, Avith an infuriated roar, he sprang at his enemy. If he had once caught him by the throat, James Barnard Avould haAre had small chance of eA^er succeeding to Castle Barnard, but by' this time the. fine gentlemen avIio had been watching the scene Avith lazy amuse ment thought it time to interpose, and he Avas caught by a dozen strong hands and dragged Dack ward out of the room. Robert Barnard remembered no more till he aAvoke some hours later and found Dr. Holmes bending aboA'e him. 'Too choleric, my friend,' said the physician. ' You must learn to keep quiet. This time I have averted a fit of bleeding, but next time — I am not sure Iioav next time Avill go.' ' You heard Avhat he said, doctor ?.' asked Robert Barnard. The doctor nodded his head gravely. ' I heard it. It mav be malice. Ho has set it afloat that Armstrong, tho counsellor, tells him that the marriage is nothing in law, and tho children cannot succeed. It is not that madam e is a Papist, though there is some such law in the statute book. We might look for that to bo repealed in time. But it is something of the French laAV, something about the permission of the parents. It avouIcI be strange if such a thing should unmake a laAvful marriage, but tho felloAV seems sure.' 'I will go to Armstrong and ask,' said the squire, stretching his groat hairy arms for his clothes. He was still pato from the shock as much as the recent bleeding. Tho doctor said nothing. He Avas too wise a man to try 'to keep the squire against his Avill, and he felt that ' the suspense Avas more killing to the man than any foolhardi ness could be. An hour later Squire Barnard staggered out of Armstrong's office Avith a face like a ghost. He fiung himseif into the saddle and turned for home. As he wont his horse's hoofs made the sparks fly out of the stones ; and as he dashed up the street frightening children and upsetting barrows — for it Avas fair dajT — a shower of curses folloAved him. A couple of miles from home the Avay led him past tho Inch Farm. Susan MoElh cott, his tenant's daughter, Avas grinding (lour at a quern. iVIochanicauy tho squire's eyes foil upon her. She Avas as tall as him self and splendidly built. Hor bare arms shono like rosy marble. BoIoav tho opening of her bodice at the neck her full oosom roso and foil. Her red hair Avas red-gold in the sun, and her doAVny skin Avas faintly bedewed with perspiration. The squire looked at her, and then trembled all over with a violent impulse. ' If I took hor to church,' ho muttored in his beard, 'she avouIcI give me sons, and James Barnard Avould never rule in my stead.' Ho flung himself off his horse, and marched up to the astonished girl. Will you take me for your husband ?' he said. The girl's eyes, blue as sapphires, narroAved themselves botweon the rod-gold lashos. '* What, Squire Barnard, is it to marry a man already married. 'Married? Not I, my girl. They can outwit a man Afitli their accursed French laws, no matter how honest he bo. I am no more married than you.' 'But madame?' ' Tho squire blanched, ''Do not speak of hor. I am not married. Is not that enough ?' Tho girl dropped hor quern. 'Come into my father and say to him what you have said to me. If you aro not mad I will give you your ansAvor.' Between AndreAV MoElligotand tho squire it was setilod, and within a very short space of time the two stood up before tho minister in a neighbouring county and wore made man .and Avife. Sqire Barnard returned to Barnard Castle as meek as a whipped dog, and like tho ghost of his strong triumphant self. Tho French wife and her boys Avoro gone — Arm- strong, the counsellor, had arranged all that — and Susan McElligot reigned in her stead, and ruled Castle Barnard Avith the cruelty and caprice of a tyrant Avho has been born a slave. The French Avife went no further than Ballymolena, the county town, not distant five miles from the gates of Castle Barnard. There she crept Avith her two lads into the pretty cottage the squire had proArided for her, too stunned, it would seem, to refuse the bread from his hands. But she had not been a year abondoned when the croup seized on the beautiful round children. They said she stood over them Avhen they Avere dying, dry-eyed, and even praised the Lord aloud that He had snatched the innocent from shame, When Robert Barnard heard they were dying, he came creeping to her door-post, praying that he might see them ; but she shut the door in his face, God had put a new spirit into the French wife. - When the little ones Avere laid side by side under the shamrock sod of Ballymolena graveyard, she turned her back on the cot tage and took up hor abode some distance away. After that sho accepted no more of Robert Barnard's charity. She ofiered her self to teach music and French to the children of gentlefolk in those parts, and, Papist though she Avas, feeling ran so high in her favor that she hud more pupils than she could Avell handle. But the night the children died Susan McElligott, as she Avas always called in those parts, Avas delivered of a dead son. It was but the beginning of Robert Bar nard's punishment. Child upon child came into the world dead, or lived a foAV days, before its tiny breath flickered out. For long the nursery Avas silent, and the dust gathered thickly on the toy soldiers and the rocking horses that' had belonged to the children of the French wife. The last child Susan McElligott bore him, a boy, Ua'ccI. But alas ! as he grew up to manhood a Avant in his mind revealed itself. He Avas quite gentle and intelligent about some things, but something had been left out of his mind at the making — something that should en able him to take his place among other men and to carry on the business of this Avorld. He inherited from his father, curiously enough, the love of tho land, and it Avas his harmless delight to spend clays measuring, it with instruments an.i afterwards making, colored maps of it. At the schoolhouses of tho district he avouIcI come begging an. urchin to cany his strange tools for him. 0Arer miles of bog and mountain. He was the last of tho Barnards of Castle Barnard. 