HURRICANE AT PORT DARWIN. : THE TOWN WRECKED. Adelaide, Friday. Mr. Bernard, agent in Adelaide of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, re ceived the following telegram to-day from Mr. Collier, the company's representative at Port Darwin :—- 'A fearful hurricane is raging here. Tbe Commercial Bwk is badly damaged, and tbe English and Scottish slightly lees. The hotels. churches, and stores, except Jolly's retail place, are destroyed. Chinatown and the railway buildings are wrecked. Many luggers arc miosing. Some Chinese, Japanese, and blacke wira killed, and a few Europeans injured. The loss of property is not lesa than £100,000 The Overland Telegraph Company's buildinge are badly damaged and fljoded. Stevens's, Andrew's, and Foelsche's families and other* are In our own dry room.' The Postmaster-General states that repair? to the overland line were quickly effected, and aarly yesterday morning Port D*rwin began to take outward messages from Adelaide, while inward business was conducted via Broome, Western Australia. The line was damaged in the vicinity of Port Darwin, and its strength and durability were attested by the fact that it was irjjured in no other place. He has received a telegram from Pjrt Darwin, dated 9 45 a m , as follows : — ' The wires between Port Darwin and Adelaide and Port Darn in and Burrai di are all right. The second wire is apparently interrupted south of Burrandl, probably by floods in the M'Kinley River, which bad over flowed its banks 500 yards on each aide. A* Port Darwin there has been over 19in. of rain sinca the evening of January 4. It is still raining, but the wind ia moderating. Thr barometer at 9 a.m. was 29 774 OrerlOin. of rain fell ac Pine Creek on Thursday night. The quarters of tbe telegraph stuff are de stroyed there, and no accorninodatiou is obtain able.' Poet Darwin, Saturday. The followiug places were utterly levelled by the recent hurricane : — AU the merca&tile; houses in V. V. Brown's buildings, RundleV stores and dwellings, Aplin and Brown's block and Allen's stores, Mis. Ryan's, Budgen's, and James's Hotels, ell the bonded stores, Daniels'e house and store?, both churches and the jjss house, all the buildings in Chinatown excep1 five or-eix, and tbe school-house, the hospital dwellings, schoolmistress's residence, Lawis's bakery, Armstrong's butchery, also Pdlraer'e butchery, the Times office, and nearly everj private dwelling iu tbe town has been blown down or rendered rocfl-ss. The big shed at the Two and a Half Mile has bean levelled, and all other buildings there have been terriblj damaged. The gaol and gardens have been nearly ruined, and nearly all the boats in the harbour have been sunk or are missing. A great many lives have not yet been accounted for, and 10 deaths have already been discovered ashore. Numbers cf people have been absolutely ruined. No one can estimate the extent of the disaster, and it is impossible to describe i he total Bttito of ruin aod devastation which has been wrought. The country is \ locked with trees which have been uprooted. The carpenters available are demanding £5 an hour and getting it to prevent further losses by rains, as tbo wet seaaou has thoroughly set in. The railway has been washed away ia many plaeaa. The immediate ciuse of the disaster was an eari! quake, followed by a temfio cyclone last ing four hoarc. All tbe Government offices have been wrecked, aud huainosa is entirely suspended. ? ' After that,' remarked the young man win had been tolling an ioaua ghost atorv, 'my mind was a blank,' ' That uccouma for it,' common Uul a sharp young wonvui, as;ii there was an Interregnum ot pioiouud aiisuoa. 