AN INTERVIEW WITH ZUBEIE PASHA- HIS RECOLLECTIONS OF GENERAL GORDON. la that charming book of his, ' England iu Egypt,' which reads almost like a modern ' Arabian Nights,' so wonderful and fascinating is its story, Sir Alfred Milner has made us familiar with the fact that Egypt, the land of the Pharaohs, as it used to be, is preeminently the land of Paradox to-day, and it is difficult to tell where Paradox ends. Such was the reflection which flitted across my mind as I set out to keep an appointment ta call upon Zubeir Pasha, cr, as his name is sometimes spelt in England, Zebehr Pasha. Fifteen miles from Cairo, on the edge of the desert, under the. shelter of the hills whence was excavated the stone for the building of the Pyramids, with an infinity of desert on the one hand and the broad and fertile valley of the Nile on the other, nestles the township of Helouan, the advantages of which, ini the matter of climate and of thermal springs, are only just becoming appreciated in Europe, although for centuries they have been known to the Egyptians, and successive Khedives have not hesitated to avail themselves of their cures. It is, however, with Helouan as a place of detention for persons who are suspect under the Egyptian Government that I am concerned here. Mazzini's biographer somewhere describes his hero as a young man of talent, very fond of solitary 4 walks by night, and habitually silent as to the subject of his meditations,' and, he adds * the Italian Government was not fond of men of talent, the subject of whose musings is unknown to them.' The days of Zubeir's youth are long past, his record is well known, and probably no two men of the nineteenth century .represented more opposite extremes than Mazziai and Zubeir, but the Egyptian Government is quite as solicitous about the latter as the Government of Italy was about the former; and Lord Cromer likes to feel that he knows where to put his hand upon one whose ipower in the Soudan was at one time scarcely less than that of the Khalifa to-day. Accompanied by a gentleman who was an excellent Arabic interpreter, I ascended the staircase of a modern well-built structure composed entirely of stone, at nine one morning, when the wind was sweeping the sand from off the hills under a brilliant sky and scorching 6un such as one expects in Egypt at the end of February. From the ground floor came the hum of children's voices reciting their morning's lessons in the school that Zubeir has established for th« children of his servants and descendants. At the door of a small ante-room on the first floor stood relays of Mohammedan slippers for the feet of the faithful. Within, surrounded by a number of attendants, there lay reclining upon a couch the figure of an old man. There was not time to notice more, as we were quickly ushered into the adjoining room, a chamber lofty and well lighted, plainly furnished after a purely Oriental fashion, and with no traces of pictures and books, save half a dozen Arabic volumes, the outsides of which were more like English railway time-tables than literature. Presently the figure which had been reclining on the couch was with evident difficulty escorted to a divan in the room where we awaited him. The formal introduction, conducted, after Eastern fashion, over, we were able to take stock of our host. What a fine figure of a man he made! Tall and commanding in presence, with the copperblack complexion of the true Arab, a white turban round his head, a white shawl over his shoulders, a long white flowing robe suggestive of a dressing gown that reached to his feet and swept the floor—what would Herkomer give for a model like this ? Was this the hero of a hundred bloody fights in a laud where for generations blood has flowed over the eand in greater plentitude than water ? Was this the monster whose .deeds of crnelty, whose wholesale traffic in slaves caused him to be at once in request by Gordon because of his power, and shunned by the English Government of the day because of English public opinion, and of their doubts as to his good faith, at a moment when his influence might have rescued the whole of the garrisons of the Soudan and saved Gordon himself from the fate that awaited him at Khartoum 1 The slight stoop under the weight of his years lent an additional dignity to his figure, but what of his features ? There was no trace there of last or love of torture. Firmness there was, and strength, but the strength was the strength of refinement rather than of coarseness. At first he spoke with great difficulty, catching his breath, for he was evidently very ill, and had for 30 days been suffering from a return of the malaria he caught in "the Sondan ; but now and again hi? voice rang out clear and strong as he warmed to the subjects we talked of in our interview. Sometimes—as when a smile played over the face fringed with a short beard, which a long and arduous life had bleached, in striking contrast to the colour of his skin—his expression was typical of deep intelligence. When be swept his hand across his face in self- defence against the flies, which together with the mosquitos in Egypt are an ever present reminder that all of the ten plagues are not of the past merely, he disclosed very carefully trimmed finger-nails and a massive ring with a valuable stone, worn on the little finger of the left hand. Every now and again his eyes lit up with a strange fire that showed little abatement of that force of character which was none the less intense because applied in a direction and used in a cause violently opposed to the sentiments of humanity. He bad climbed to the snows of age, and he gazed at a field in the Past, Where he sank, with the body at times in the sloughs of a low desire, Bat I heard no yelp of the beast, and the Man was quiet at last. . . . Yet just as Jules Verne in " The Field of Ice " drew the picture of Captain Batteras with shattered reason, pacing his garden with his eyes ever towards the North Pole, so Zubeir's gaze, in spite of loss of power and property, was always towards the South— the sunny sandy Soudan. Cigarettes and some very highly sweetened tea having been served, our conversation commenced in earnest, although it was some little time before we could get really under weigh by. reason of the obstacles which Oriental courtesy imposed in mutual inquiries after health. From these, however, I learned that, notwithstanding the near presence of 6ome of the best European skill is medicine, Zubeir still relies only upon the same native medical attendant and the 6ame prescriptions that served him in his stormy life in the Soudan. How far suspicion is & factor in this persistency must remain unanswered. ' Will you tell me some of your recollections of Gordon Pasha?' I was at length enabled to ask. ' Gordon Pasha, a very good man. There are very few Englfsh like Gordon Pasha,' Zubeir replied. ' I will tell you,' he continued, • the story of the beginning of my quarrel with him.' The old man proceeded to explain that Gordon, who was travelling as a tourist, made him a present of a steam launch. Subsequently, however, it transpired that Gordon was at that time acting on behalf of the Egyptian Government, to whom the launch belonged, but the Governor of Assouan refused to allow Zubeir to retain the launch, on the ground that Gordon had no right to part with it, and Zubier had to deliver it up. But this was not the sole reason for a break in his friendly relations with the hero of Khartoum. Gordon had an Italian servant, Gessi, and he it was who, by what seemed to Zubeir an act of treachery, enticed his son Sulietnan . to enter into friendly relations with him and then shot him. This was-all a part of the policy pursued by the late Khedive against Zubeir, in executing which Gordon was in a measure the instrument. Notwithstanding theBe things, Zubeir protested that his admiration for Gordon remained unchanged, and when the latter invited him to assist in rescuing the garrisons in the Soudan, Zubeir was perfectly ready to help, and protests that they could have accomplished the task and have spared Gordon's sacrifice as well. With a pitiful expression of helplessness the old man went on to explain that Gordon's letters to him were now in the possession of the Egyptian Government. Coming to the question of the expedition against the Khaiifa brought to light the interesting fact that be was at one time a prisoner of Zoubeir's, who had actually ordered his beheadal, but that on the interposition of Zoubeir's advisers his life was spared lest bis sacrifice should have hindered other chiefs from coming to offer submission and, presumably, trade in slaves. The Khalifa, however, added Zubeir, had none of the religious fervor of the Mahdi, and was merely a rather clever but very cruel adventurer. He can claim no * high birth, as it is understood in the Soudan, being only the son of a nigger, and some doubts are cast upon his legitimacy. As a boy, however, the Khalifa early evinced signs of possessing more than the average intelligence of hie tribe, or at least more than the average ability for imposing on the incredulity of his fellows. He quite early pretended to work miracles and effect cures. Sometimes, too, he effected a species of occult knowledge, Buch as might furnish material for another' Isis, 1 Very Much Unveiled,' Whenever cattle had strayed he was able, and in general with success, to predict where they could be found. Questioned as to the probable success of the expedition, Zubeir thought that the Egyptian flag would wave over Khartoum before many months had passed. He was most anxious to assist the Government in their campaign, and was quite sure that he could be of material help, but the Government would have none of it, although he could even now be of assistance to them, and probably influence 20,000 men to join them. He estimates Khalifa's strength at 100,000. ' But,' I asked, ' after the expedition, what then ? When the Soudan is won will the Egyptian army be able to keep it ? ' The old man shook his head. ' If they cannot keep their own house when they are in it, how shall they keep another ?' he replied. * But,' I queried, * then who is to keep it 1 I do not think the English will care to see troops locked uo in the Soudan.' * If the Soudan is to be kept,' he replied, ' English soldiers must keep it. But there is one thing more improtant than soldiers. It is not soldiers who keep a country. There must be a Governor appointed, and this G overnor must be an Englishman. In Egypt, since the English came, the fellah is no longer a fellah, but a Sultan. He is aB good as me or as anybody. He is a Sultan,' Zubeir repeated. • The Soudan is very fertile,' he continued, ' but there muBt be an English Governor and English soldiers, under English officers.' Then we touched on the question of Abyssinia, concerning which Zubeir was emphatic in his statement that Russia had been helping the Abyssinians. ' Helping ! in what way helping V I asked. ' With money or with arms 7' ' With both,' he replied. But, although I returned to the charge, I could get no details. I may perhaps be allowed to insert here, by way of parenthesis, that I referred this statement to a well-known Russian intimately connected with the Russian Government, who replied, ' The Russian rouble is like the Scotch ghost it is ofteA heard of but never met with.' Then onoe more we were back upon his own private affairs. His eyes flashed out from under his dusky brow as he said with energy, • I would not stay here another minute unless I were obliged, I would go back to the Soudan.' But the sudden return of energy was but as a flash in the pan. The exhaustion of the malaria was again upon him. He aided in a broken voice, I have four eons in the Soudan, but the Government will not allow me to communicate with them. They have taken my property—they have taken my all. Once T was somebody—now I am nobody. I no more care to leave my house. A Pasha without the power of a Pasha. Once, by consent of the Govertment, I spent £30,000 in fitting out an expedition. It got as far as Assouan, but there the Governor stopped it. Did they compensate me— no. No,' he repeated, ' I am an old man—and a prisoner. Even Port Stud is forbidden territory.' I ventured to suggest that although the English would doubtless sympathise with his position, they entertained a slight prejudice against slavery. • Ah,* he replied, 'but that is a part of our religion.' A statement which, as Carlyle would say,' is significant of much.' To Gordon, however, Zubeir denied that be had ever sold a human being. At this stage a faithful attendant entered and reverently kissed the band of his chief, from whom we then parted with the customary Oriental leavetakings. I cannot conclude the account of the interview without at least an attempt to portray the pathos of his appeal that the English Government should do bim justice. Although it is quite true that some of his sons were with him in his captivity, it is equally true that others of his family are living in Khartoum to-day under the Government of the Khalifa, who treats them very well, and with whom they are on very good terms. As to whether they could be utilised by the Egyptian Government in the impending campaign against the Khalifa is a question for others to consider. So far as Zubeir's personal position is concerned, he admits that he is receiving an allowance of £260 per month from the Egyptian Government, but on this he has to support 150 persons, who are dependent on him. This, however, must not be taken as indicating extravagance in his personal habits, as his harem is limited to two wives. The value of bis property confiscated by tbe Government he estimates at £1,000,000. It is worth while noting that our interview was interrupted by the visit of a deputation from an Egyptian committee collecting money for the support of the Turks in Crete. The difficulties in conducting a conversation in Arabic when the intervention ,of an interpreter is necessary are many. These are intentified when the interview is with an exceptionally astute Oriental who is in a tight place in his relations with the Government, but I trust that I have at least been able to present a more or lees impressionist sketch of a very remarkable personality. If so be it that some of th<; statements here set down conflict. will, those on record elsewhere, I can only plead that the responsibility is not with the interviewer, but with the subtle working of the Oriental mind. It should be added that the exchange of views extended over three interviews, although summed up in one, at the last of which, whilst recalling without bitterness his enforced exile at Gibraltar nine years ago, for a reported attempt to communicate with hi6 eons in the Soudan, Zubeir very earnestly pleaded that he might now be allowed to visit England. I could do uo other than promise to make known his request through the medium of your columns. —(In the " Westminster Gazette."} A most ingenious and original way of earning a livelihood has for some time past been hit upon at Havre, where the genial President of the French Republic has a villa. The villa, which is in a hollow, is commanded by the Boulevard Maritime. " On this Boulevard some strong telescopes have been mounted, through which, for a small charge, visitors may gaze on M. Felix Faure walking about in his garden or smoking in his chair. Report says that M. Faure personally does not object to the inquisitiveness of the inhabitants, but bis private secretary has asked'the police to forbid the practice of Fa are- gazing, and the. telescopes have now been removed. SYDNBY HALIFAX. 