THIRTEENTH DAY. 'Hie thirteenth sitting of tho Federa tion Convention on Wednesday, April 7, occupied thirteen minutes. When the Clerk, Mr. E. G. Blackmore, in loud voice Enounced-a superfluity, by-the-way, con sidering that Mr. Kingston's presence is a distinguishing feature of the gathering-"The President is in the Chair," there were present forty out of fifty delegates. Mr. Hackett returned on Wednesday to Perth. Furniture loomed large in tho Chamber. One lady graccd the gallery devoted to the new voters; half a dozen "ghosts of Coroners' Juries" peered from above the clock; four visitors saved the President's Gallery from an appear ance of emptiness; the legislators' chairs on tite floor of tho House were deserted; »nd the Press Gallery wore a languid Joolc. Mr. Barton and Mr. Solomon presented petitions, one for and one again.st the recognition of religion by the Commonwealth. Tiicn Sir John Forrest gave notice of motion for leave of absence to Mr. .ilackett on account of urgent private business, and for the Committee of the Whole on the Commonwealth Bill to give preference to the consideration of the States right portion of the measure. Upon tho latter point Mr. Lyne rnade a toito vooe comment which had a auapicion of sarcasm. It was refreshing to hoar the Clerk call on " Business of the day," which comprised a motion by Mr. Grant, the Tanmanian railway authority, requesting the it iter colonial railway exports in Adelaide to consider the question of a uniform gauge, and, he added, report as to the procedure necessary to facilitate the object. Sir George Turner objected to tho assumption of authority implied in the motion as amended. Mr. Reid, with bonhomie, advised Mr. Grant to with draw . the motion, assuring him that the Governments would take up the question. Tho i:ust of unifying tho trunkline gauges from .Brisbane to Adelaide would be £2,090,000, and the annual cost, £00,000, divided amongst the eoionies concerned. -Mr. Grant accepted the assurance', and asked leave to withdraw the motion, which was granted after Mr. Tren with had secured from the President a ruling to the effect that the motion came within the scope of tho Convention. At 10.13, on tho motion of Mr. Holder, tho Convention ad journod for the day. 