DREAD OF THE SUPERNA TURAL. Peculiar Form of Fear, An I'neanny Feeling. r ; We wish the Psychical Society would one day attempt an analysis of what, f,r wajyt of a better word, we must oall the dread of the supernatural (says the "Spectator"). Both those who believe and those who dis believe In .the notion -that 'the veil between this world and the other is capable of being lifted agree in one thing. They all recognise the fact that most people feel fear, or some thing akin to fear, at what they believe to be the occurrence of supernatural pheno mena. There is here, therefore, a piece of ground which may be explored without any begging of the question as to whether the fear is caused by real ghosts or by (trickery, by rats and water-pipes, or by genuine glimpses of 'the people of another world. One would like to know whether the fear felt Is akin, to 'that experienced when 'a man is frightened by a runaway horse or a fire or any other imminent risk of life, or whe ther it is something different in kind. Speak ing broadly and without any minute con sideration of the facts, one would say that ghost-fright did differ in kind from the fright that oomes from active danger. Mlost people have, we Imagine, at some time or other in their llv.es experienced that EERIE, UNCANNY, CREEPY FEELING which is associated with the possibility of contact with the supernatural. Yet few would declare thatt It was in any sense con nected with the dread of loss of .life or limb. . The man or woman who wakes up in ithe middle of the night and hears strange noises —thumps, raps, clangs, and creakings — or sees lights or feels the touch of unseen hands, is .probably very frightened, bult the sense of .bodily fear Is not present. There Is no dread of being killed. People In the agony of terror caused by dangerous acci dents constantly call out that they are go ing to be killed, bult we doubt If that Is ever the case In the fright caused by haunted houses. Possibly this difference may be said to be due t-o the fact that the dread of the supernatural Is not nearly so acute as that caused by the imminent risk of death. Peo ple, it may be argued, only imagine them selves to be frightened of ghosts, as women pretend to be frightened of mice. In neither case Is the fright quite genuine. It Is ONLY "WANT OF SELF-CONTROL, and could be mastered in an Instant if the wlli-power were in proper order. Unfortu nately for those who argue thus there is plenty of evidence to show that occasionally the dread of the supernatural produces very serious results. On the whole, we should say that more people had been frightened out of their wits by what they believed to be supernatural phenomena than by acci dents involving great risk of life. It is not often that one hears of insanity caused even by tile prolonged agony of shipwreck. The fear caused by what is supposed to be a supernatural agency seems, then, to have in it some element not found in ordinary fear. If and when the haunting phenomena- cause fear -they seem to give a shock of quite special keenness. ANOTHER STRANGE THING about the dread of the supernatural is its greater power of transmission. One may, no doubt, read about hairbreadth- escapes with a pleasing thrill of danger, and very sensitive people may even find It "trying" to hear how the hero of a mountain climb crawled along a ledge of rotten rock' with a 2000ft. drop below and a sheer wall of cliff above, but no one is really terrified by this in the way that sensitive people are terri fied by reading or hearing ghOBt-storles. People susceptible to such impresslohs not infrequently find themselves In the position of Sir "Walter Scott and Hannah More, who sat up telling ghost-stories till they were both afraid to go to bed. Unquestionably the fear which we call "creepiness" Is much more easily kindled at second hand than the good honest dread of having one's skull split. Yet another curious fact about the form of fear we are discussing Is Its admitted .un reasonableness and want of sufficient cause apparent to account for it. If a man is asked why he is afraid of standing in the line of fire when soldiers are shooting, or of dcing any other dangerous thing, there is no sort of mystery about his answer. He tells you at once, "I am afraid of doing this oi- that because I don't want to be killed." If you ask him why he Is afraid of sleeping in a haunted room, as in many cases he. un doubtedly will be, even though perfectly sune and sufficiently brave, he will be unable to tell you. He will probably declare that he does not believe In ghosts, and does not believe, indeed, in any supernatural phe nomena being permitted. Yet he will,, if he is honest, add that there is no sort of un certainty about his objection to Bleeping in a loom believed to be haunted. He may say. of course, that he could force himself on good grounds to SUBMIT TO BEING FRIGHTENED, but he will not deny the frighit. If you ask him, further what (are the consequences of which he Is ofrlold, he will, as we have said, be unaible to toll you. He will admit that there is no fear of the flgulre said to haunt the room Injuring him in any possible way, and he will laugh lat the notion of low voices, or loud explosive raps, or touches from cold fingers doing him bodily damage. In the end Indeed he will be forced to ad mit that what he is neal'ly afraid -of is being frightened. "Experience tells us that tlhese things, whatever they are, cause a very un pleasant form olf terror in the human mind, and experience is backed up by a strong in stinctive feeling in most men's minds. I don't know in the leos-t why these things should cause alarm, but as they do I intend to avoid them.!' An adequate explanation, if you will, for avoiding haunted nooms, but clearly la very different reason from that which makes a bad rider avoid getting on the back of a buclc-jumper. His dread is fundamentally the dread of physical injury. There is yet ANOTHER ViERY CURIOUS FACT connected with the dread of the superna tural. Itoflten seems as If people were afraid of ghosts In an inverse ratio to their belief in their existence. The convinced spiritualist man who disbelieves wholly In gihosts, and haunted houses are true, and feels little fear at the thought of encountering them. ' The man who disbelieves wholly in ghost.s and sincerely thinks that everything can be ex plained by the operlaition of natural laws, : wi'.l. on the other hand, frankly admit that 1 he is so foolish as not to care about : sitting alone at night in a haunted room, : about which he has heard "some very curl- ! ous things indeed." . Though t.hey are no doubt things which believes can tie ex plained, he confesses to be unwilling to try his nerves gratuitously. On the other hand, it not unfrequently happens that people who are not disposed to be satisfied with the materialistic explanation of what are called psychical phenomena, and who even lean to a supernatural solution, are by no means easily frightened by hauntings, either visual or audible. 