BATTLE OF BISLEY. FiCHTINC IT O'ER AGAIN. AafTAL WiTH COLONEL KELLY. 4 ' !«.) ""HOW THE CUP WAS WON. SENSATIONAL SHOOTING. Licut.-Colune! Kelly, weighed down by "the responsibility of having In hLs .charge the coveted Kohipore Cup. ar rived in Melbourne this morning by the R.M.8. Orulm, and in tlte course of the inornimr was seen by a "Herald" repre- sentative. The Colonel was geniul. Jolly, and Jocular us is Ids wont, und at once coucentcd to give n resume of the doings of the Victorian rltle team nt home. "There appears lo have hero some misconception about the composition of the teum," said the gallant colonel, "which It Is Just us well should be cleared up.' L'olone'J Templeton went home ns captain of the team, and I went in« rwllninnt. Wi> hftil' not one man to 'spare, really, for though there were thirteen, instead of eight, each of those who were not actually shooting in the great match had his work cut ou: for him In coaching and assisting (he others hi- various ways." On arrival Iu England the team went straight from Tilbury Docks to Blsley without stopping at all In London. From that day till the day on which the Kolnpore Cup was won there was steady and constant practice: In fncl \in the voyage home there was ' daily physical drill on Iwmrd in order to g.'t the men .Into proper condition. Through put the whole time Colonels Templcmh and Kelly have only to speak iu the highest terms of the conduct of rnch and every one of the team. This was all the more praiseworthy from the fact tliat,|hey wore under no Discipline Act, neither wn» there any signed agreement to ldml them to olwy orders. It wns due to the splendid esprit de corps, or rather esprit "de colony." which prevailed. On the morning of the Kolnpore Cup match. Colonel Kelly stated to the team that they had not missed « chance since leaving Australia; that there was nothing he could think of in which there could have he?n improvement: and, finally, that in ids opinion if they did not win the cup It would bo because partook of the sensational (dement. At the 200 yards Victoria led New Zealand by six points: on the completion nf the shooting at the 500 yards range. New Zenlund h.tii picked up the difference, and' the tcums sturlcd level at the 500 yards. With two shots each left to fire. New Zealand led by one point. Tlie two Victorians to fire were Mr Sloane of Ynrrawougn and Bombardier Carter. And Just at this point a change of wind canto! Mr Stnnno was directed to lire first, and after earnest tnnmiilulion, was given advise as to his shot. Ho took it, fired, and made a bull's eye. Bum- hardier Carter was then Instructed to follow the same advice, nnd five quickly for fear of another change In tho-wlnd. He did so, nml scored a a Inner just two inches from tlu bull's eye, .Then' the two New Zealand men fired nnd scored nn outer nnd a magpie rcsp?ctlvely, (bus giving the match to Victoria. Too much could not lie «ald in prr.ise of the coolness and steadiness of Mr Slnnne und Bombardier Carter, wlto fired their shots while a dense crowd was gathered f>eh!nd. the hum of whose conversation in regard to (iu state of the match must have been em barrassing. "I suppose there were a lot of Victor ians gathered there lo sec tin win?"— "I must tell you tin? truth, us you have naked nn. There wus only one, a .Mr Battei'eon. The Diet was that nobody seemed to think we had n ghost of o show of winning the Cup. ami so 1 sup- pore nobody thought It worth while to turn up." "The congratulations were enthusias tic. we /.re told?"— "it's no word for It. New Zealand, and all the colonial teams, together with the British nml Jersey teams, cheered us. to the echo. Then there were enbiegrams-of congratulation from Now Zealand— think of that— """ I'-nv .iuniKii.il, Mo.-imunn one from . "Central Australia, via Queensland." "Were you quartered eomforlnbly at Rlsloy?"— "Oh. y.-s. We ii.ol our head- quarters in a farm-house, iu front of which we hod c- fiig-«laff with the Vic torian Hag fiying the whole time. Then when tint National Rlllo Association meeting wns on, of course, there was an array of tents, nml we had a liig Vic torian tent, Hurmounted by our Hag. The President of the National Rltle Associa tion, sir I-ionry Fletcher, and all the officials, were most kind to us, und the "Times" devoted a two-column leader the next day to our victory iu the Kola- .pore Cup. After, the Cup we began to enjoy hospitality, which wiis nearly as trying ns Hie training for Hie shooting. We liqd enjoyed no. gaieties or diver sions previously, having steadily stuck to training, with a view to winning the trophy." One point Colonet Kelly emphasised was 'the. unqiiullfied admiration ex pressed for the enterprise which had In duced a private Individual to defray the cost of the team, and questions were freely asked us to what the Australian newspapers were like. In fact, the cir cumstances of the Vletnrlnn team's visit excited the keenst Interest in the Aus tralian Press. Colonel Kelly gave some interesting imrllcnlnrs of shodtlng of u sensational character. In which he wns concerned firing for the "!'«tlly Graphic" prizes! There were nr. competitors, and at 2(H) yards the Colonel got a bull's eye for his sighter. aud seven' consecutive hull's eyes. He, however, found that there were ij'» than 45 other marksmen who hail obtained the possible, and so the I" hnd to fire It off, shot for shot. Colonel Kelly made three more bull's eyes, but fourteen, beside himself, were still left In. .Wain the Victorian Colonel irnde two bull's eyes, nod nine men were in the same position. Ho then made an Inner, am) so secured ninth place, winning a handsome mounted sketch presented by the "Daily Gra phic." Thirteen consecutive bull's eyes at an eight-Inch bull was not such dusty shooting ! The fiisley meeting was over on 24th July, n Saturday, and on 26th of that month Colonel Kelly Joined a brigade of Field Artillery at Okehumpton, where he went through the senior officer's The question of granting Jubilee medals was referred specially to the Queen, nnd Her Majesty directed that all the members or the Victorian team were to have the medal, in concluding his interview, Colonel Kelly stated that he was glad to be hack home again, but that lie ho|Kd a team would, by sum. moans, be sent to Blsley next year, in order that they might win fresh laurels. 