NOTES AND NOTIONS. [By ' Tautarin.'] The South Australian Postmaster-General has informed the postal authorities here: 'The interruption on tho Port Darwin line on Saturday Ian!;, the 18th inat., was caused by Ooleman, the cyclist. He was travelling alone, und having been taken very ill from the effects of eating potted meat, cut the wire at Ti Tree well, where the line-repairing -arty found him.' Cutting thelinoia an old bnshman'st rick and lias saved many a man from starvation. It would be hard to Bay how many times the Australian world has been kept a few days oi hours from its European news by the Btorn necessities of some over l&nder.; Whea you tire bushed and can get to a telegraph, wire help is athand; a cut wire will always bring out a party of men from the nearest station. In a criticism of tho Federal Convention's work, the 'D.T. ' puts the South Australian delegates as first iu debating power, which ia probably a just estimate. But, it is pain fully partial in giving Mr. Reid, the Premier, place among individual debaters ; that position emphatically belongs to Mr. Barton, and probably Mr. Lyne came next in his in fluence on the delegates. Mr. Beid's speeches v?ere all clever. They were generally funny but serious effect they had none. As Premier of the Convention Mr. Barton's statesmanlike poirers were fully displayed. Bat Mr. iRoid is painfully jealous of Mr. Barton, and Mr. Bcids' sup porters must pander to the feeling. The fools of the New South WalcB delega tion, according te the ' D. T. ' were Sir Joseph Abbott, Mr. Walker arid Mr. Brunker. As to Mr. Brnnker and Sir Joseph I am fully agreed; nobody with any sense hoped for any thing from them; one is entirely stupid; the other is a good Mr. Speaker and a bad any thing else. In Mr. Walker's favor, however, it must be recollected that he secured a seat not as a gabbler or a constitution-maker, but as a financial expert. If he was not allowed to do in committee the work which waB his rorto, that was the fault, not of him, but of the Convention, ' Mr. Beid can sway audiences with lan guage which, on a rigorooB analysis, would mean nothing.' That is a fairly accurate summing up of Mr. Keid by his own press organ. The Premier is full of claptrap, and the crowd likes elaptrap. There is the whole secret of the -'greatness' of an astonish ingly little man. Still quoting the same critic — there is this said about Mr. Lyne : ?' Two members who have stepped to the front in the Sydney session are Mr, Lyne and Mr. Carruthers, Mr. Lyne set himself up to accomplish two things — to get the proportional representa tion of the StateB in the- Senate, and to graft the national ref erendnm oa the Con stitution. That he did not succeed is no re flection on the earnestness of his pnrpose or tho untiring persistency of his effort. The Convention was against proportional representation from the first — wholly against ic. Most delegates accepted the inevitable, and those from the large States merely en deavored to minimise its eneeis. .nut jar. Lyne stuck to his guns from the start. He went down under Mr. Higgins' leadership at Adelaide, and he went down as his own leader in Sydney. Mr. Lyne has now to maintain and to increase the advantage that he has won with the national reiereudnm. In Melbourne he will return to the battle. A humorous wire from Adelaide shows how they amuce themselves in the oity of churches and wheatfields : — ' When the post office official at. Mount Gambier placed bis hand in the pillar-box to take out a bag of letters he caught hold of a snake 3ft. long, which had been placed in the recep tacle as a practical joke. The officer's hand was scratched with the fangs of the utjake, but fortunately the poison did not enter.' A practical joker of that sort ought to be allowed to experience some good praciical hutnoron his own necouat. Ho should be asked to pick up red-hot pennies ; strings should be stretched out for his feet so that he may stumble in the dark and break his nose ; he should be presented with one of the funny squib cigars which explode and blow out your eyes as you smoke them ; as he sits down the chair should be withdrawn from under him so that he mny have his opine injured, and be crippled for life. Iu line, all the, resources of that fine jovial British humor known as practical joking, should be ex hausted on him. And if his midnight slum bers could be disturbed by gibbering ghosts (made up of practical jokers, phosphorus and sheets) it might frigrit.cn him out of his senses. But perhaps that would be going too far : the man might then lose his appre ciation of practical jokes. It is said of woman that she lacks a Eense of humor. The saying is entirely based on the fast that she does not play practical jokes, which, to the English mind, are the highest expression of refined humor. The Pretoria correspondent of the ' Daily Chronicle,' it is cabled, states that President Kruger is suffering from Brigbt'a disease in an advanced stage, and his physicians declare that ho can hardly live for 18 -months. With Kruger dead, the Transvaal Rupnblicwilllose its one brain. The old mnn is said to be over 70 and can take five pounds of meat at a single meal and never has a bath and smokes pll day and generally is trje sort of man one would expect to get something serious wrong with him some day. So the Bright's disease report is probably true. 