THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made bis way to tbe humble home of Mr. TfaomaB Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discoverer] nursing a twcyear-old baby, and his face declared bim to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at thx jinnr. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, aud a period of ipsin, it was very slear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. Id 'reply to the preliminary questions, he said : ' You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering. ' . ' Well, twelve mnutho ago I got so bad that I ha-I to leafe off woik, und I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with au accident ; 1 was badly scalded while taking a batb in Pitt-street, Sydney. Sioce the accident I have been in failing health, and after (our years of gradual development of the malaiy, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island.' ** What were the symptoms ?' ' Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. . They were for all the world tike as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no coDlrol over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else, I was incessantly shivering and shaking, »n-i could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to tbe Director of Charitable Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' „ ' No ; I came home aud went to bed, aud have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; iu fact, I could not pet out oi bed. 1 felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days wbeo I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to tbe conclusion that I was suffering from lyocomotor ataxU, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charaiterised fay peculiat dietuibances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and lhat I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then tbe patient kicked his legs about with enengy to show that medical opinion is not in fallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected iu tbe chbb of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Auitralian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Fills for Pale People. I real in the advertiso nient of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a bnir. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat find sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. ' It was the first appetite aud rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was Boie to move aoout, i tave taken tour boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth br.x. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gcadually, but surely, recovering my former vjgor and vitality. You see those crutcbes there f They are perfectly new. ann 1 nave never used them. They were made for me before I gof the Piuk Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You «ee I am rapidly regaining my strength.' . ~ ' He is 100 per cent, better/' said Mrs. Jarrls, who bad come in and taken the baby on her knees 'The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.' A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than-he did a fortnight previously. 'loan now, continue! Jarvis, '-have a cold i&th;, and all the feeling has oome back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume woik as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in tbe very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during fhe past five years, [ascribe all the change aud benefit to these Pink PillB. They have savnd my life. I am in no pain Dpy, whatever, and feel like a new man. Oa the mantelpiece there is a box cf opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex, cruciating pain, But they cau etay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who mows me haa $een amuged at the change iu me. They can hardly believe their ayes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such h this remarkable history, and it confirms wbattieaid in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Willkroi' Piuk Fill* for Pale People. TChey cur. locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, a!so tbe many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as ansamia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetit', shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. 