(Pc â>j.ïmc!) Corning: 5.ci-alïr. SATURDAY, OCTQBEH 23, IS97. -s» Captara Charles Gauntlet Dicken his been appointed ciptsiu awl Lieutenant Richard Purefoj rit?_enld commindei, of II M S Royal Arthur, the now flagship on the Australian station A tanbie cyclone lias passed o\ cr the Philippine frroup Th* island of /evto ti as devastated, nnd there was immense loss of life and property Reports from STndag-ascar state that the Saka lavas hn\e massacred three French oliicera and several pn.-ito soldiers -it Isinbihina It has been decided by the London Countv Council to ti. for b13, mouths \ ictonnn brandy m the asylums under its eoutrol ¿in improve! radutnr is attracting much atten tion at the dmr. fIiott it Islington The in- venter is willing to feond au engineer to \ letona to t-how the "norkmg, if the Government vill purchase ouc Ernest Canil, of S\ duey, who 13 non in I n£ land is m actise training; for his matches tvith M Clister, the American champion, and it is said that in his practieo he is swimming 1 quarter of 0, milo oO accondb faster than he gvrain in bia race with Joaopli Nuttill for tl.o 500 jnrds professional championship of tho world Cavill expect» to defeat M'Cuskor Cavill hus vvou nn S S j nul» rico at (he »Vest miustei Bithsin "ib soumets, dofoatiug V Lmd berg, of Bondi bj Iwo yards .ho winnei was subséquent!} cnuttimed bj tho Ravensbourne Club It Maidstone Kent tho typhoid épidémie con- tinues Seventeen hundred oases hive becu teportod, and over 100 rost.lted fatallj Now s from tho Soudan state, that 60mo of the f unbonta advancing up the xSila from Berber made . reconnoitring trip and shell.. 1 Metommoh Ino giuiboiU lelonging to tho Dervishes were captured Tho lion 1 of Trado despatched letters to the J mplojcm' 1 dtrition, tho 3 ngincering Associa t.on, and tho Am llgaiuatcd Society of J ng.ncers direotine; attention to tho lamentable results accruing to emplovors ind emplojed as well is to the countrv generally, in conséquence of the engineers' stril e and Mif.gept.nj tho bisiB of a conference to sottlo the points at issue In rcplj, (ho Iri.iplojora' _\der.t.on disavow any intention to mtoifcro with the legitimate notion of the trades unions but does not admit the right of interference with thoir business On their part Iho trades unions m untain the right of combinat ion, ind Twnvovv any intention of interfering with iho employers in regard to the management of thur businr«s Thej withdraw the domaud for Ie. hours per nock, und Hal for a united conforenco with the viovv of settling tl.o disputed question na to tho hours ot Inbotir Tho ¡shaw, S mil, nnd \lbion Company s «toimor Toltomnru which vvas recontlj towel into "Rio do Tamoro m u disabled condition is nndei going repairs M Gcorgcvitch is forming a new Cibiuof in Servia in succession to tho Novakovitck M.mstrv, which l ecentlj rc*i_~cd Tho Turks will permit tho Greek inhabitants of Thessaly, who fled dutinir tho late war, lo return to their home, through Volo nnd three other places m Greeoe Mr H Govers, the governor of Iho Armidale Gaol, died on Thursdav night Ho had been connected with tho local G lol for nearly 10 years Tho Premier of Sou*h Australia lins introduced a bill for tho further suppression of gaming Tho mca-iire uroposes to prohibit betting with persons under 21 years of age, receiving moucy for gam lug from inf nts, and piomoting sweepstakes On Thursliy it Brislme Sir n.j_rh Nelson roomvnd a deputation from lcpresent itives of sugir grower« who des.iel the Government to tn-o stops io counteract the cftcct on tho sucnr lndustiy threatened Ij the bouutv nnd freight assist tt.ee giren by Continental countries to their own producers Sir Hugh said, in reply, that ho would confer with tho Siuthcrn Premiers on the subject of making adistmctiou between colonial aud bonntj feü Migar« through tho medium of customs duties, favouring colonial articles \ent*rd iv tho ann.nl meeting of tho Minister- ing Children's fresh Air Leaguo was hold at tho Town Hill Tho imiouucciiient lo tho cFect that thei-o w ill ho no Lister euc impment tins j car has Aroused a good deal of comment in military ernies, and has caused considerable rcirret in all department» of the scrvioe Lieutenant Colonol Waddell'« view» on tho subject will bo found elsewhere An application was mido vestcrdny to the Mining Warden at Lucknow, on behalf of the Wentworth Gold-nnnmg Compnnj, Limited, for a suspension of tho 1 ibotir oouditions for thrco mouths on three of the companj 'a leases The Warden, in iriv mg his deoiaion, said thnl he would not e-press nnj opinion with retrard to tho contention of the Crow n Solicitor that ho had no jurisdiction On Sir Lock s evidence, unsupported but not contradicted, he would grant a partial suspension for one month, during which 60 mon w ould have to be oiuploj ed in the minc Mr Joseph Mitchell died at his rcsidenoo labt evening The distribution of pri/ s given by tho As- sociated Board of the Roj al Aoadomy aud the Roval College of Music to the Sv dnov Centre took pi ice yesterday at tho University Hall nts Hi ccllency the Gov ernor nre-.ided TJusiueBB in investments in the Stock nnd Sharo market yesterday was on a reduced scale Nothing was dono in Government seounties or bank shares lu the Irapoit markot yesterday some larger lines were cirned through At Darling Harbour yesterday 13i3 bales of wool were m.mfestcd 91G bales arrive, coast wiso and f'S v.ero received bv rail at Newcastlo on Thnrsdnj Thero wis better business in the Mining market v cstcrday, principally m Western Australian gold shares, in which thoro wiib general improvement at tho end of tho daj Ycsterdaj's Customs revenue amounted to £4000 The RMS Australia left Suez outward on tho 21st instant On the ISth instant tho R M S Miowera loft Tiucomet for Australia Tho political nuiomties of our local Pmliameut lime, ou occasions, grown unusuallj bittoi, with consequent exacei bation of the torupeis of all con- cerned and amused criticism of tho onlookois The latter, as in overj caso, thmk they soo most of the ".arno Wo aio nil critics of each other, and the: o is no one so ill-equipped in tho poweis of judgment that he thinks himself unable to pass in rovie« tho characters of thoso «ho pexform persist ently in the face of tho world As Byron has it A man must «crve his time to overy trade Save eonsure critics all aro ready made This is ns hue of politics as of a eneket mutch Just ns tho gifted observei, whoso judgment is most positivo ia pio portion, ns n rule to lus ignorance of tho gtimo, caji see into tlio mner conscious ness of a batsmen 01 n fieldsman- how ho n.ado a mistake hore, nnd wh) lie ivns bon led there, so the man who onlj obsen os politics through his newspapei reports can condemn or praise with the same unerring certainty And when judgments havo to bedolnored on the conduct of politicians at particular junctures, when, in fact, two lespected and prominent lendeis have undoubtedly lost their tompors foi a few minutes, and in that buof space exchanged niau) unvarnished opinions about each othoi, wo ma) obsone to tho full how íeacidy the world outside assumes a se\ orelj -virtuous mood, and censuros both impartial!) foi their suriendoi of dignity nnd thou loss of control Ihese moral istic spasms lather remind us of Mae-iula)'s remark of tho British public in an unusually vntuous ßt, than -which, he thought, there was ' nothing more ndi culous " ihe politician is often peculiarly open to its erintic prejudice« Ile lives in n world and acts upon a stage which aie incessant!) opon to thousands of inciuisi tive oj es 1 Io may not, like other men, hope to make a ridiculous slip or an rwkwaid stumble now und then, un [obserred, if i e be "someone" or mdeed> anyone, ho may bo certain that thoio will always bo many interested orsons to draw a thousond spectators to is passing embanassmonl, to pioolaim it from tho housetops, ns it woi o It is tlio penalty ho pays foi his publicity, tho penalty "which poihaps, balancing tho ad vantages with (ho drawbacks, ho would not lightly forego IS evortholess tho disad\ antages must often bo galltu" enough to boai, nnd porhaps, lomom boring this, wo might hnvo a httlo moro sympathy than is oulmnrily tho oaso when the galled politician whoso withers ha\o boon \oiy much w rung nftor a public correction mils at tho woild aiound lum After all, a sensible man genonill) feels that ho has mido himself n fool when ho losos Ins toiupoi in pnvato lifo , tho fooling must bo a gool donl mci eased when the lapse, in ovory detail, is exposed to tho g i/o of an interested aitdienco thioughoul the Inuglh Bud bioadth of tho lnnd Jins is why " political nmumtios " should bo i tow ed, if not with toleration, nt nil) ate withsomo consideiation Of course no ono suggests that tho load ing noliticnn should bo oncounged to conduct himself ns if Pailmmont woie a kind of glonfied tnpioom Iho romniks of tho Spenkoi tho othor da) on courtesy in politics w 010 so obviousl) just that it would bo nnpnrdonnblo to io quoto a binglo sontonco But, unfoituuntol), tins 6ort of aduce, emmontl) someo artie as it doubtless is to the jouit» íiulb at o\tiemo pinches It rather rosemblos Locke's philosophy, -winch olnbotutoly explains the components of happiness and îecùtudo without in the least assisting tho hungry íonder to ncqime one of those components It goes without snyiug that if public mon always displayc-d "flowing courtes)" towards each other, publio business would bo much facilitated But timsins b) no moans soho the pioblom of making it posstblo on oioiy concoivnblo occa sion foi politicians to oxtond to each othor insido Pnihnmont tho oidinaril) couiteous behaMoiu which tho) adopt outside Of couiso it ought to bo quito possible but tho failure to do so is (ho ililTeronco betweon thcoiy and piactice Or peihips it lllustiates tho difloionce betw oon thoor) and piacticc and in tho moial sphoro what last fissuies constanth armo to dmdetho most poifectly conceived 8) stems bornintholibmry fiom tho actual, real oxigenólos of dall) life ' Lspe rienco is tho most \aluablo quality a men can ha-vo-till his feolings become unu«u alh aroused Then us a rule expeiiciico goes to tho winds In tho olevntcd calm of tho Speakors Chau any a\eiago well bred gentleman would no doubt bo shocked and sin prised by the customary tluowiog off of " compon) mniinois " which is to be lemnrked in the conduot of the as, orago politician , but himsolf thrust in the midst of tho strife and dm of the contestants ho would piobably domeau himself much ns others do It is neces san to rocogniso common traits in human natuio lho greatost scoundrol who oior li\od could probably have framed a peifoot system of abstract morality-some of tho greatest scoundielsroallj have clono tins , I ut, as Captain Cuttlo sngol\' remarked, tho -\aluo of many profound reflections is in their application It is quito possible to bo too goneious with othei people's moralit), just as «t is possiblo to bo too fioo with other peoplo's mone\ ' ^andfoid and Moiton" is a most instructs o -volume , but it is poihaps n thought too idealistic for tho lushing affairs of a pu etitnl workaday world Wo all fool possibly at somo time oi other-ovon the most successlul among us- that wo ought to bo much better tuan weare,-moio courteous in Parliament, moie consideiato to o'hors , but average couduct ought not to bo judged by tho standard of ¡spring tides in virtue And if tins is correct, tho politician "who has fallen b\ tho wa)-said unusually rude things of his neighbour-need not neces sanly bo pilloried forthwith But perhaps tho politician who has boon guilt) of " amenities" will dis own a lauco broken in his behalf If lie rely on precedont most docidedly ho will The poisonalitj in politics was there m tho beginning, find wo mnj bo foigivon for thinking that it will lemain till tho end Cettninly mthoolddays of English popular Govcrnmont opposing dolegntos wore hnidl) so proficient in the classics of Bil lingsgate as oin moderns , but, then, the dolegntos of a formor day wore swoids at then sides, and theso rather emphatic nrguments aro wont to make boated verbal duels of short endurance But since those days, and after duelling went out, lending mon in English politics havo been nt times personal onough to enable us to view occasional baokilidiugs heio wi'h oquani mit) O'Connoll publicly called Disraeli a descendant of tho Impenitent llnof, and Disinoli îotortod b) abuso of tho Irish Patriot's Chinch and person that must ha\o caused cm y in all tho fishwives in the kingdom Mr Gladstone, not long before his giont conversion c imo ovei lum, pointed to Parnell as a mau whoso hands woie stainod with blood, and who was loading his pnity through bloodshed and inpino "to the dis meiubeiment and disintegration of the British Empire ' Iho furious Irish membora shouted, "Liar," "Traitor," and similai opithotu nt tho Gi and Old Man , and though nn impartial public duly deplored next morning the heat of the disputants, it was not felt aftei wards that eithei party could havo acted much differently The sense of tho whole matter of Parliamentary bohnvioui seems to bo that a man a, cry much m earnest is exceedingly apt to cast aside the íostraiuts which we judiciously impose on ourselves for oidmniy occasions And if )ou scratch tho politician )ou find the man lie ma) not picsont himself in nu altogether lovable light when he is thus io\ealed , but such ns ho is we must accept Of course no ono will havo n good woul for the Paihnmcntnry rowd\\-the man who is habituait) and unnecessaril) oi oi bearing nnd truculent-the, in phort political tad, and wo all feel bound to deplore tho scono ' when feelings genu mel) excited run high But wo aro called unon daily to deplore mnu\ things wlich wo cannot ¡irovont Iho politician must answer the aspeision on his chnractoi oi ability on the f}»ot, and it is poihaps small wondoi that ftlio exigencies of the case boira) lum into a courso fal beyond Ins ordinary behaviour So thnt when wo hoai that a couple of statesmen ha\o engaged an some passage of arms w hich sounds alni ming, wo need not necessarily w ring oui hands in sonow,-that is unloss wo aro hyper sensitivo humanitarians lead) to weep on the slightest piovocation foi lallen man But this is a Molong task and has no special appbcation to policies _ The ordinary quietude of the meeting of the Congregational Union in Mel- bourne has been slightly disturbed this year by a clergyman who desired to move that the theory of evolution is opposed to the revelation and the teaching of the Bible and that it is inconsistent with the scheme of redemption. Such a motion, of course, was a direct challenge from the most conservative part of the Union. It meant that no part of the theory could be held or used in any way by the preachers of the Church ; that a barbed-wire fence should be sot up between the teachings of evolution and the doctrines of Christianity. The matter was referred to a committee, which reported that a discussion on the subject was not advisable. The committee may have been guided in their judgment that it was outside tho ordinary scope of the meeting. Had their report, however, been upheld it might have been said that the Congregationalist had shirked the discussion of a question that has been keenly debated for many years, and that certainly concerns the Churches closely. Accordingly the Union determined to allow the motion to be put if room can be found for it in the business programme. This was a wise step and yet it might be better that the subject should be dis- cussed but slightly. In the first place it is not a partisan matter, and therefore should not be raised in any denomination in such a way as to raise party feeling. We are not aware that amy Christian teacher whose work is known to the world has adopted the whole evolution theory with all the in- ferences and deductions and sugges- tions that have been made by scien- tific writers. There is no reason therefore why ministers should be asked to say that evolution is contrary to the doctrines of Christianity. It will be time enough to put that question when they can be accused of stepping beyond the limits of the creed which they are pledged to maintain. In the second place, many ministers, with- out accepting the theory of evolution have found that it is helpful to them and that it in no way interferes with their work, their belief, or their conscience as Christian teachers. How far they are influenced by it it might be hard for themselves to define and determine, but they find that evolution does not destroy the ethics or the doctrines of the Christian religion. The best known writer of this school was, perhaps, the late Professor Drummond. His work was certainly incomplete and imperfect, but it may be taken as the beginning of an effort to prove to the Churches that the discoveries of science and the formulation of new laws of nature are not inconsistent with the principles of Christianity. In these circumstances it may be better to allow each minister to follow his own course, and to discuss the matter in his sermons and writings, instead of having a set debate on the sub- ject that can lead to no definite con clusion. Now, it must be remembered that the idea of evolution is not confined to the Darwinian theory. It was in the air before the great naturalist was born, and it was hinted at by Erasmus Darwin. It had been applied by German writers to the development of philosophical thought, and one of their special endeavours was to show how each system of philosophy had led to another in a line of continuous thinking. Darwin applied the idea to science as the only way of accounting both for the myriad species of life that exist on tho world, but also of explaining why certnin useless muscles and relics, as it were of a lower form of life in tho past, are met with in tho most highly developed animals, including tho human race. But this is only a part of the subject. We have to consider the evolution of mind, of national and individual character, of custom and habit, of morality and religion. Even the most enthusiastic admirer of the early English will admit that thoughtful men at the present day have a better grasp of in- tellectual and social and religious problems than their old and almost forgotten progenitors possessed, and this is the result of an evolution that can be traced with a fair amount of accuracy by any one who chooses to attend the Public Library and make a study of it. Each generation, each century, has contributed its share. The tide often ebbed, but it began to flow again. Much, of course, has been due to the power and force of character and perso- nality of a few strong men. Still, by the discontent of a people with a system that they had tried and found wanting, by the introduction of the learning of the ancients, and by the invention of printing, a way was prepared for men like Luther and Calvin. And the same may be said of every great reformer. When the environment was suitable the great men came. This shows that there has been a steady evolu- tion, but guided at times by a powerful personal element, which it is impossible for any system of philosophy or science to explain. This is, of course, only a small illustra- tion of development and of the personal element that enters into it. Among those who study the growth and progress of the human race many attempts have been made to trace the evolution of religion. By this is meant, not the examination of one religion, but the endeavour to go back by means of early, books and traditions to the first conscious original sentiment. It cannot be said that the investigators have reached the source. There are some who think that religion began with the fear of ghosts, others who are certain that the worship of the sun was the fountain of all religions, and others who imagine many vain things. Yet it must be admitted that the study of religion from the evolution point of view, showing how one decayed and another arose, how temples were built in faith and neglected and ruined in unbelief, and how the intellectual nations of the world moved towards the spiritual and the ideal, is not only interesting in itself, but is not inconsistent with the claims made by Christianity. The mistake, it seems to us, made by many people who are zealous for the faith, and whose zeal is to be respected, is that they do not dis- tinguish between theory and all the inferences that are drawn from it, and all the lesser theories that are built up on it, and all the specula- tion that it creates. The theory of evolution is precisely like the law of gravitation. The latter explains, as far as our knowledge goes, a great multitude of phenomena, how the planets are kept in their courses, how myriads of stars are related to each other. But it does not tell us, and does not pretend to tell us, how any star or planet was formed. It is merely a scientific statement of what has been observed and tested. One man may say, like a French author, that he had swept the heavens with his telescope and found no God. A great number of de- vout and eminent and eloquent Christians have looked at the heavens and seen everywhere God's handiwork. In the same way the theory of evolution brings together a large number of facts, and seems to give some sort of explanation But it contains nothing about the origin or the end of life or the mystery. It simply classifies a number of facts that have been observed and carefully studied. No one dreams that it is the final answer to the questions of existence._ "Truly, 1 would tho gods had made theo poetical'" sa} s louchs^ono to Audley in tho finest of comedios Ihoso to whom tho gods havo dono this sorvico doubtless oniov a singular advautago ovor the baso mechanicals of voiso w ho Inborn as minor poets m the praitico of nn acquued ait, but a motcoiologist with a mission 11 populnribO tho pootry of his business is a fowl of anothoi feather A weathoi export is, of course, quite within his right in roininding tho largo public which studies his daily reports ' that there is something in meteorology boyond its moro technicul j'argou of dinblo tons and isobrontons, and other oxccod iugly high-sounding words. Tho sky and its wonders havo been poetical sinco tho morning stars Bang togothor, and long boforo tho seer of Uz interpreted Iho hymns of the wind. If something of tins has boon discornod already it is bocauso tho world has not boon loft to wait upon a time when a practical motoorologist would bo moved to combine the dry duties of his profession with tho high mission of this interpretation. Usually this sido of tho subject has boen loft to tho enro of tho unscionüfic, for tho world has never insisted on its poets and seers qualifying by competitive ox aiftination as meteorological oxperts beforo (hoy wroto voises or saw visions. Perhaps, on tho wholo, there- is still a stolid misgiving in tho minds of many that the two things are better apart, and that practical information respecting tho capricious conduct of Nella nnd Ephra or tho obstinato bo haviour of IChosrul should not bo com niunic.atod -in "fyttos" or rhapsodies. But of course this is a 'matter of taste, and meteorologists havo as much right to au opinion on the question as persons whoso lot may bo cast in any othor vocation in lifo. The charm of oxistonco is its variety, and thore aro possibilities in this fancy of clothing tho facts of lifo in tho multicolourod robe of poetry which from cortniu points of viow may bo snid to possess very captivating demon Is of attrnctivenoss. In tho old Norse days, when tho coming of Spring was the smilo of Balder tho Boautiful aud the thunder tho hammer of Thor, common folk had a finer instinctivo sonso of tho pootry of nnturo than thoy have now, when tho operations of tho share market nie usually found moro in- teresting, nnd when tho chief interest ol' locnl meteorology may lie snid to dopontl on its indirect inlluonco on tho grain crop or tho wool clip. But that is beeauso wo live in a materialistic age. Tho avorago carnal citizen may admit, if ho is sufficiently hard prossod, that tho kaleidoscope- of Naturo is con- tinually presenting us its priceless tableaux ns tho meteorologist of a neigh- bouring colony would havo us perçoive, but ho is apt to couple tho admission with a reservation ns to tho superior commercial valuo of a timoly rainfall. To bo sure, if he can bo brought to combino a feel- ing of tho ono with nu appreciation of tho other it might bo so - much tho bottor for the cleansing of his spiritual sense, but it would do niand somothing like the courage of an n_)ostlo lo enter on a crusndo for tho in- culcation of such a state of mental being as might ranko meteorological mysteries onco moro interesting from this point of view. Mr. Wrnggo, it is fair to say, does not appear to bo ongagod on any Quixotic nclrentu.ro of that kind. Ho combines practicality with his pootry in such a wny as to mako allowances oven for tho characteristic reureations of , tho people. To perch on a sliprail and gnzo vacuously at the landscape has always boen a favourite dissipation of the hardy Australian settlor in his hours of easo. If tho sanguine nioteorologist can persuade him. to combine intellectual profit with this rapturous though harm- less pleasure, and toach him to distinguish thoso stanzas and idyls of tho whontfteld of which ho speaks, while shrewdly de- ducing tho direction of the wind from tho graceful bend of the ripening oars, it will surely be something gained. The philo- sophic mind, in its somewhat self-centred and subjective way, has always betrayed an unsympathetic, habit of discovering a lack of intellectuality in popular amuse- ments ; but if the present suggestion is generally carried into effect it will removo a reproach from what our critics declare to , bo an ossontinlly characteristic mid national recreation. This may be taken to ropresont one sido of tho educational and formative process ; tho othor refers rather to methods of ex- pression. If the wentlior expert should depiecato the writing of wea thor bulletins in a prosaic and monotonous stylo, nnd prefer to rnry thom with references to the " jaunty chanties " of sailormen, tho dulcet musio of deli cntoly rustling wheat-ears, and othor pioturosquo and pretty things of the kind, thoro is literary precedent for tho experi- ment. Was it not tho immortal Goorgo Robins who, in anothor generation, ele- vated the calling of the nuctijnoor to the lovol of tho liberal arts by pouring a "cataract of purple words" over tho arid pages of his cataloguo ? That worthy transformed' his rostrum into a sort of Thospis's cart, and so poetised his prosaic salerooms as to enlarge thoir scopo from that of a moro place of business into that of a theatre of amusement as woll. Of courso this sort of thing has its clangors, as in the case of the lognl luminary whose conversational manuor grow so ornate that his account of a len]) over a fenco wns capped by the remark that had tho obstaclo been ns lofty as his stj'le ho might hnvo broken his nook. But this is the kind of art that betrays nrt, and if tho offort to poetise weather bulletins is to succeed it must avoid that clangor. IIow thnt is to be done without nt tho samo timo sacrificing somo of tho possibilities of a meteorological situation is, again, ono of the responsibilities that besot the experimentalist. The subject is -full of temptations to excess, with tho added disadvantage that professional poets in all aires have conspired to run the subject throadbnre and uso up the phrases and metaphors in all languages. To combino a striking novelty of expression with a wiso and sober reservo is a delicate task in such circumstances, Thatpnradoxicnlly oxpressed " courageous timidity " which is so difficult to realise, and so frequently midimderstood when it w attained, seems to bo the quality most in ordor in such a contingency. Tho experiment, ho wovor, will bo watched with sympathetic intorost, not only for its own sake, but for what it promises in the way of wider application. Wo may, for instance, apply tho poetic mothod to politics as woll as to motoorology. It might be nocossnry for some of our politicians to go into a courso of training; but any littlo in convonionco resulting from that would bo compensated for by tho strango now lights cast on the probloms of practical politics and tho mannors of practical poli- ticians during tho progress of tho experi- ment. MraisTEOiAL Visit to P-jikps-JhoMinistei for Works will leave by mail tram to moirow night foi Pinkos, whither ho -oes lo Uko part in the inmgiirntiou of the distuct waterworks io ccntlj esUibhshod there Mi .oung's pitty, which will include sovorul memb rs of Parliament will arrivo at Dumbcrrj at a quiihi to 0 on Mondaj morning, nnd vv ill bo w el. omed by pro minent residents of tho dislrict, who vvtll escott them to tho reservoir Aftei the Munster h is tinned (ho wator on tho party will bo driven to Parkes, »»Inch is distant about four miles fiom the resorvoir Mi Youug will be entertained ita banquet on MonJiy eiomng He will return to bj dnoj on Wcdnosda» morning Visitors i nosr New Ziaiavd-In the list of passengers who last night arrived from Auckland bj the steamer Westralia wcro Archbishop Red wood, Bishop Lomhnn, Monsignor Paul, mid tho Rov ï-tl.or Maloney Tuts I_st*_ or Gov_rn__¡si_ Stoüks -Iho r_blic Sorvioo Hoard recently took tho prelimi I nary steps towards tho remodelling of Ü.TTÜT'. system of issuing Government "ofes fe the sj stom is bomg investigated at tho mat. ! the board by a committee of ¿0^*2?* understood, havo nearly concluded their lall* Iheir report has not been sentrntothiS but it is behoved that it will bo tf m**^ as to prove that somo system better than «f! now in operation could bo introduced Tcnno Works CoirMirrrt -YcsteràaT .«, noon tho Public Work« Comn ,t,ee Ser^. railway from Narrabri to Pilliga & h1°' pl.ory M L C , presided, and «Jo *£*« sent Messrs Hoskin« und Trickett mTt n Leo and li Clarke Ms L A Mr J H ' chief tr iflio manager for railway«, was ei»Ä Ho sa,d that .ho yearly tralheof »Ä which vvo.ill be served by the propon 1,7" eluding the dislriets winch ZJiu^l tho Warren to Coonatnhlo lum and the Wonl.k1 to CoHarc.idalir, hue,, would be if 2,°°^ aniotinlof trnfhL cunio for« ard as now cam« f»,' wa. 1 ¿j 101 If the railway traffic took the nv trafilo as well it would amount in all to'»» Tho estimate of the I! "Uvav <hr>mmotte~Z li iscd on tbe stipposi ion that the line would ,,. the river traflic Mr J II Corbett, ¿fa cuquee, Department of rnbhc Works, Vas ah examined w LxTrs,,os oi i," Fn.tno-,1 Srsra, " South Hrv.i> -The. project of extendía,, the till phomc "j stem to South Hoad advance, ,el, slowly Li cr. one agrees that it is returned do only in tho interests of tho commercial section tho coinniuuit) but in the interests of the com mtiuity as i whole, but unfortunately timm out w ill cost a considerable sum The Postmaster General is desirous of seeing tho convenience o tho eommunitv as a whole served in the best wai possible, but ho is unw illing to incur any eipej w Inch urn possibly be a roído 1 Honco ho hure oently bud a confercneo with the president an s-cntnr. of the Chamber of Commerce, the obiec of which was to devise somo means whioh woid reeoup ho department part at least of the ei pense involved One idea broached was th.ti telophono bureau should bo established on the 6t in the slot piinciple, but that idea did not recen much support Vnother suggestion made wa that tho general telephone lino should hceitenä« to South Hoad and ouly those subscribers «honk be connected w ith tho extension who paid for £. privilege 'Iho matter now rests with the preai dent of tho Chamber of Commerce for him ii ascertain tho viowsof the mercantile portion o the community in regard thereto TrsiiLis lor Mau Gomracto - Tho TosU Department has received nearly 1700 tondent« tho convey anco of mails m various part« of th colony during tho forthcoming year It is ex peotcd that tim names of tho successful tendera will be announced in tho course of a few Jays North Shore Raiuia. and Tiuvi Seevic. Tho North Shoio lorry Cumpany being about t. establish n 10 minutes etcnmboit service dunn) tho day, tho Ruilw ty Commissioners have decid« to make tho necessary alterations to hnng thi Milson's Point to Hornsby tram service anl al« tho North Shoro tram serv ice into harmony »ill it Tho following are tho times at which tram will start on and from November 1 from Muion' Point for Hornsby Junction on week day« - 0 47 a m , 7 50 a m , 8 io a tn , 9 33 a ra , 10 5 a m , 11 30 n m , I 10 p ni (Saturdays exceptai) 2 10 p m , 4 10 p m , -1 50 p ni, 5 30 p ra , 5 S p m , 6 30 p in , 7 10 p m , D 28 p m , 10 IO p m and II 2r> p ni On Saturdays only 12 30 pm 1 ¿0 p m (Chatswood onlv), nnd 1 30 p m Fron Hornsby Junction to MiUon's Point oa week days -G 2 a ni , 7 a m , 7 58 a ra , 8 37 am. 9 47 R in , 10 45 a m , 12 20 pin , 1 23pm (Saturdny oxcepted), 2 32 pi, 42 pm, 5 p m , 5 15 p in , 6 43 p m , 8 32 p ni, 9 40 pm 'aud 10 32 p m On Saturdays dnly 1143am nnd 1 42 pm Additional trams will leave Chat« w ood for Milson's Point us under -Week days S 33 a ni Saturdays only I 50 p in Sundaj tram service -Ironi Milson's Point for Horasbj Junction 8 55 n m , 10 10 am, 125. p m 2 15 pm, 125 pm, b pm, lud 315 p m Irom Hornsby Junction to Milson's Point 8 * a m , 9 15 ii in , 12 2 p m , 1 57 p m , 3 40 p m > 15 p m , nnd 8 57 p in Tnr Weatucr-Locally yesterday tho heit was somewhat trying ni the abs nee of a bréete It was tho kmd of n day in which a summer had storm takes place , but after creating a sense of uncertainty tis to ita intention«, til wcathor broko between 3 and 4 o dod in tho nftornoon, tho ferrporattire fed 14 degree«in 2t> minute«, and live poiuts of nita were measured1 at the Observ lion Afterwards it olearcd, and continuo! cool and lino during the ni0'ht with a prospoot of fiuo weather to day Rain wi! reported to hnve fallen m the cotintrv down in til south-west and south, up to a quarter of an mci at Albury Arrivai, or rap 'Wi.oT1.ai.ia -Tho «team« Westralia was a Ion hours oier Iho four ilnyt on hoi run aoross from Auckland last uiçht Amongst tho piS'Lngcrs hy her was Mr Samuel Cool, general manager of the ' Herald, ' and Min Cook, who return after a tup lound the ulindi Captain Ash nntl Captain Tones carno acron by tho steunioi Tho Now Zealand files contain accounts of the soisuuo disturbances about Taupo, which, however, do not appear to bo very aenoui The proposed change m tho port of call of tho S in irnuoisi o mad steamer from Auckland to til central port in the colony-Wellington-is attract ing a good deal of attention In política then aro continued rumoured disagreement» in 111 Cabinet A Tast Hcv Fnosc Hon-qkono - 4 run of 1? day a from Hongkong to Sydney was jeaterdaj completed by tho P and O Company's newcargo stoamcr C india Somo particulars of the vessel and her voyage appear cls"whcre, but it is rtcoj,' ni«ed ns a now departure for tho P ond 0 to B putting on fast (14-1 not) steamers . pura oargo-c-irners lu the Eastern trade bo fur nB Au6tialui is concerned the innoiatiot origínate 1 n ootiplo of years ago, when the company's steamers Canton and Melacca, dunns tho wool seasons, made n rjund ioy»_e til India, Chum, and Australn, the fame ronlo «I the Cundill is mapped Out lor this (np Til Canton was, however, but 3100 ton«, the Malaca 4000, while the Candi i lins a rcarsicr of 6400 toa lifts closo on 10,000 lons of cargo and iteimi at 14 knots per hour, thus entitling her to rank ti Iho largest and fastest purely cargo steam»!. which lins y et v îsitcd Australia The P and 0 lately added tho Candia, Alain, nnd tatra li their fleet, thoac v est-els being specially deaigc« fur tho convoy anco of merchandise, hut ti malro voyages in the time of th» mail steamers when wanted the Candia on this voy a,-o lina achieved probably the quickest passapl over irado to Syducv fion Hongkong not except ing tho direct trip» of tho steamers with tho ne» season's tens on bo ird Miners ron Lucknow - The steamer P« grine, which arrived from Melbourno jesterdar, brought 91 tinners, who wero cn route tot« Wentworth Mine-of which Mr Lock u t»< superintendent-«! Lucknow The new ariHli wore entertained at a harbour picnic yesterdiy and loft in tho evening by special trim for He» destination Di-atii or ají Old Colonist-Death has re moved nt tim ago of SI years another of »«' who link tho present with tho thirties m tit person of Mi Ldivard Murray, of Geddal ten Forest Hoofs Ou the imitation of hi« trott« ?"-law, tho late John Savo-y Bodd youo¡j Murray, then » medical student in Dublin, w induced to come to Australia Arriving in I»« ho immediately joined Mr Hodd in pastoral JW suits on tho Lachlan, rotmng in IS'..1 .» «?'«'? partnership with Mr Hamilton, o TomanM st limn, aud eight v ears later purchased the e »K nt Longsvvamp, upon whiel, he resided tillM death, which took pi .eo on tue 13th lusfamt W Murray wa, the tah surviving sonçitbeW biiigeot. Murray of the Kow.l Artille/y « m irned the oldest daughter of tho 'ato ¡>> iliirfitt, gra/ioi, of Lou.swamp, near Orange mil uioce of the late lie. James Ingram, »»< 1 SA, who w.tbabrow-nup fam.lv-. .or«« lum Mr Murray was a eoiism of th» »t«?11 Toreuco Murray, a former Speaker of the Mp»» t.vo Assembly, President of the Council,«« Chnnoillor of the Uurrersity lu, BUT«,. CAsr ,s San Fu»M»-J South *."str.baum San Inneiseo write to« \\.lel,"de ?' Iîc-.stcr ' of Wednesday, »adT "_ course of the Utter the follow ing renia.UMCar '. lb, strong comments of the î«ew South W« law oiliecrs on tho e-ctortionntc charges«! cod (ion with Butler s eMridlt.on *"****"*% at by the paper, here who will not for i«£* admit that tl.eir "ngistrate, »^ <*»*££ ously corrupt, em bo w roug « hen it 1» » q»«*» of victimising ii rolonist or a Britisher Invitaiion HArnocit £vcwio>-la'f_ aflortio,,,, the members of the Svdney flrf» Sydney 1 ast Wcsloyau synods, T°fm,"r "¿ men, with their«,,es, were e»^T^.. lion I O-mi-aMm^crf«^««*, at ii harbour excursión Ino F»"}> ^u. «bout 150, left in the Dawn at 2 o'dx «*»« from Ciioulur Quay, and pro«**»*??£", thowarsh.ps, Garden Island . ^» *!_. «I paid to Cockatoo Island, who« » Tm j j-i and the dry dock, containing H M S £?_£.» & -"»hon Her, an unfor ÍTV.« .ecutot happened, ono of the sailors bo. i T_to the snip named falling from a stage ¡ïtotoU mto the dock below Ho wa« tai np in na inscnsiblo condition and earned -TVia whoro he wits examined by the ship's ¡Mar who found that several bones «ero ~L¡ Tho patt) no-t wont to tho training ship Sr», *»»- » b0"rd', »a-*»»S «.??>-». SbV tho captain, the band playing during St of the Conference, the Rev J Woolnough, n« s ehort address, m which ho oxpressed tho Sluntc felt m witnessing the excellent condition S tie ship and seeing the performances of the _-, He also thanked Mr Garr.rd for the very riLant outing When the visitors carno away to left a souvenir in tho shape of current coin _ the realm »mootituur to some pounds Tho ho_e»_-d journey »a» then mule » P_i__no Cast -The Melbouruo " Age " of Thuredav contains tho following -"Chid only ,. . rssr-cd both, o and n white petticoat, A.imo ga"a7" widow, was brought before tho Rich mond Court yesterday She hud been a white worker and it rropciroil th it long suftenng, brought on through inahtht j to make » livelihood, bid unhinged her mind She was garrulous and defiant aud pranced about tho court in a most dated' fashion 'Have you any inonda?' mau«- f" Be,lca' n"d t,!° Prlb0n<:r> ''Olding up her hand», replia, 'Yos, those aro my friends, but they cannot nid mc ' She was sent to the .Hi»" _. Tha annual meeting of stibscnhcra aud persons sterntod in tim Bojs' Brigade is announced for S y next at S ¿m II» Honor tho Chief _t,ce baa cn-entedto pros.de, and amongst the »eaters will bo the Hon Tscob Garrard and Mr _%llao Tholoys will give a demonstration of He procreas ot their v-ork A meebun of tho Balmain Is orth Protection Union ,u held in tho Oddfellows' Hall, Balmain, on rhnrsdoy last thoro being a vorj good attendance ¡resent, tho presific.it (Alderman A M Milne) pro ;,_,__ H waa (loaded to apuomt a committee of L to iranio a c »do of rulos for the selection of a »a'ldate for Purlinmont, bo that tho selection may tahpit« on an catlv date Tha Government Printor luu jusl issued tho »Vital Statistics for lsOO and Provi >us Years," com »lidbvMr A I'.rrv Long, Kegistrur-Gonernl lu i«lunnof 229 pages «ninne 110 sepnrato t.bular .tatemen-, will ho found a complote series of stnlia tia beanug on tho births marriages, aud deaths of the population Tb« operation of a new gas m now on view at bo 26Elizabeth street, «hore a small apparatus baa been erected with a v lew of showing the caso of ¡la mvnufacturc It the saino tuno it is exhibited kurani" iu an incandescent lump, runuing an Otto niengine, and healing nn ordinalv Ria stove 'Iho rai is manufactured in a riruul l.v dew.nposl.ig ordi- nary air, or, more correctly speaking by nontrahsing bjmeaiia of a process, lil which consists the patent, Ihemtrop- in tho ur lu this maimer is produced, the inventora claim, nn .Humiliant a heat producer, indapower producer equal to coul gas, and without Itaobjcctionnblo features, at a cost of hardly 'id per 101)0 rubí'* ftiet It ia nut poisonous nor explosive, aomllitaaph»x.ato Hie ipp.ratna takes up httlo ¡oom, snd can bo pi iced in an» house at n compara livelytntlmg cost Iho inventors .tia Mr G IV I», KI E un American nnd Mr Trink Elliott and Mr E L Pon eil Austr iha.is On the 20th instant at her residence. Benconafiald pirade Lindfield, Mrs Helen Matilda Brindley t-Mdaway removing another link connecting the early da) a of the colon» with the present time Mr* Bnndlej »» »s the meca of tho lato James Stiel on« of tim first missionaries to v isit New Zeil«.«! »ho as u bid on bo .rd II M b fagus, nntal the Pitcairn Islands where tho survivors el the mutineers of tho Bounty wore discovered A preliminary mooting .» as held at the council tin-hen Jlo-m-u, on the -lBt instant for tho parpo« of devising the best means of rendering practical assist ince to the widow of tho lato Mr Charles H Barn, nu old and respected rerdent of tho d.stncr, w ho it will bo lemembcrcd tt'ently lost his hfo through hc.ng thrown from hu trap ou the Cintorbtiry-road It was decided ti hoi 1 a benont concart, and Messrs Gibson and Tedder weis elected bon secretarle« flie final rehear al for tho festival at All Saint-', Mersbam, will bo held on Tridav, 29th instant, at 7 30 run ^ ' The Profession. 1 Orcheslrvl Assoc.it.ou announces that an inaugural concert will he given in tho Town Hill in ^v ember AauccCHiful social under the nuspicea of (ho Hos- pital Sunday rncndlv *-oc.etic.' Committee, was hold intheFxhiliitiou-buildiiig last night, 'Iho dancing hall had been deer .tod by Messrs Snolson, llaftou, I-rdocl. and others, audit presented a very plea nsUt p.arauce Hie ntannia Brass B «id sup plied tho music Tho entering wns in charge of Mr * 0 D Finch, and »»as well carno 1 out Dancing was continued until milnight 'Jim profits from the toe al mil be added to Iho hospital collection which is to be made to-m »rrvw A musical seme will be held in the Pitt-sfroet Conrrreaatinnal Church to- niorro»\ evening, Mrs Pr-cott Miss Hathaway, and Mr Burncss aro Hong tho c »»ho will contribute tho solo items Colonel Okolt tho woll-knont. 1 heoosptucal lecturer and president of tho I hcosopk.cal Soc.oty, left Sydney for B.'hurst jestorday, but v» ill roturu toSydne» on fucsdi» next He will leave for India on Saturday next and w .11 ho accompanied by Miss Elccr The Hon G H Cos: presided o» or a well-attended meeting yestcrdnv at 39 Huuter-stroet, winch va» he d in order to form a co-operative association io connection with the fruitgrowiug mid forming uidu'tnes of tho coiony Mr Oswald M'Maetor, Mr ft J rairbaui Mr Donnelly Tuber, and Mr «T. ttsker nddrc «c1 the meeting, and it wa« unammomly resolved that the association ho lunched The following names »vere omitted in report of Boya' Brigade entertainment at Government House Mn Mathias Mrs J Hunter, Mrs O'Donnoll, Mrs Lunsdane Mr; Hardy, Mrs J horans, Mrs J E Sold The music at the annual duiner gi» en by the I_t.totion of Cml Engineers on Thursday ovening wa aupphod by Mi _irs Huenorbcin and Straus, anted bv eome amateur »ocahsts We aro requested to stato that Messrs It. Cope. land Affleck an 1 Phillips, Ms L A , wcio provented by other eugage-nionts from attending the depu- tation that vesterdny waited on the Munster lor «"etta m regari to the Con's Harbour railway !-eme At tho examination for the diploma in public Wtb of Camlmilgo Univorsitj (D P U Comb ), «Inch began on tim ,'ith instaut, Mr Robert Dick, JI B, Cb JI, of Sydney Univ orsity, passed sueco.« lu connection with the Band wick races to bo hold « dar epccwl trams will run from Bent-street, vin Uiforu itrtct mid from railway slops, Devonshire Ttt, ra Clo» eland-street, commencing at 10 lo ¡J» Afire! class special will nlso run, departing mm Budge street platform at 12 30 p m Supplements to the " Government Gazette " pub '"ted yesterday cont nu regulations for the inspection m'I5 ' ic ,mder tl10 Ccml Mlnos Bogulation io also regulations made by the Public borneo ward in connection with tho dredge service Do- nnaient of Tubbo Woikn It.! announced in anothor column that tho Tojn- I «e Gmld concert udvertised for October 2D has been PwpinedtoNovoml.oi 0 The YMCA l'ccord Pair is announced for this tf ernoon; and to-night This will end the fivo days' ,1 J_e -rtM'«s still for sale ato numerous, aud » »er attractions »ntl be found w itlun the building. n»"iTlrali,.Ul ih° various oflicmls belonging to tho %a mailalup Chum held a p,cnic at tho Hock Inly iiMelBrounds, îviirrabcen, which had been apectnllv ««ratal for tho occasion Pilero were up»» ords of Wladiea and ccntlomcn present 1 hoy »vero con ?yea u-ora Manlj ,n Maseej and Co 's lino of !» "7 . " P"cl>f"'dinner was sorved, and a num i . ? 'líro Propo-«', ono of which was iT."" nnd O Company» Tea waa »ned at G o'clock, and thon followed .» concert. -nVlL^"'',t0 a te,1-"ra'" !ma our Mittagong «4 Butter Factory, we havo been requested by %t^lT'l" "'î-3 ,n,lt tl,e Pr,co pa.dfrom'August ¡Jib.. P. ";b^r -6 d-tc' nt wh,-h «io factories Ätuno.thl!'r ttCC0-ntä'w« ->o-3.dporä (_nl»m,î îaTd."'"'?"" Donovan, who had been 'ÄmÄ Sd,ed mddm* tat T Oclí¿rlt,',UL1!on0 r0p°,rrt {or tb0 ,Teo1 m« WdnSdoi,",-0110--- -^«»1» served, D18 , bods Ä?fe. 0mPc°frr.y «»P'"'"."».'found'for 4, j «"euuor ., left, 2, dismissed, 2 , lemnining, ÄÄ3 Ií<i,0-,' '"""."' Association will hold -^T»\\.A_»o;a'"«1'25,h 