BIBZbE TRkHSXk&TION.; BRTHcigss?ci5i^5EHE isssg TRANSLATORS OF THE PROTESTANT BIBLE. From the following it will appear they never had the remotest idea of giving a true translation 01 the Bible; their object was to add to, subtract from, and translate the Bible, in order to make it declare the doctrines of the translators. In the Epistle of St. Paul to the Romans, c. i., v. 17, the Apostle, n,,nn,n HnVinmin. e ii.. v. 4. says:— 'lne ]ust man lives by faith.' That means that the just man sig lives spiritually by faith, having the necessary wJ characteristics, viz., faith operating in the fulfilment , of of every duty. This is clear from the first Epistle ot ha St Paul to the Corinthians, c. xiii., v. -, ?' 1 thi should have all faith so that I could remove moun- alt tains, and have not charity, I am nothing. _ lne on passage in the Epistle to the Romans being by bii itself obscure, must be expounded by the clear as passage in the Epistle to the Corinthians. Ihis is a ] in conformity with one of the clearest principles ot pr hermeneutics, viz., that an obscure or ambiguous o£ passage in any author must be explained by a clear lic passage in the same author, and having reference to N the same matter. It is by the application of this prin- P] ciple the j udges of the Supreme Court expound ambi- dc auous phrases and passages in Wills and btatute Laws. The principle is the dictate of right reason, c, and, consequently, of universal application. Luther, tt in his exposition of the said passage m the Epistle tt of St. Paul to the Romans, did not apply this prin- tV ciple, but added to the text the word ' alone, in A order to make the Scripture, as corrupted by him, 0] declare the doctrine emanating from his own brain. a, That word added by Luther remains to this present a, time in the German Bibles. , . c In the Gospel according to St. Matthew, c. xix, v. tl 11, Our Lord, speaking of continency, says: _ 'All y receive not this word, but they to whom it is given. p The Protestant translators introduced the word b cannot, and corruptly translated the passage : All : 0 cannot receive this word.' There is neither in the Greek nor Latin Testament any word for cannot. Zi The Protestant translators, therefore, introduced it t; for the purpose of showing that the Protestant t; clergy act wisely and prudently in taking wives and f not attempting to lead lives of celibacy, which Our f( Divine Lord, according to the corrupt Protestant t translation, declared to be impossible. '] In St. Paul's first Epistle to the Corinthians, c. r ix v. 5, we read : ' Have we not power to lead about c a woman, a sister, as well as the rest of the Apos- r ties?' The Protestant translators give m the text f the word wife instead of the word woman. This is t clearly a corrupt translation, and was made for the t purpose of showing, by the corrupt translation, that t the Apostles were married, and that their wives ac companied them. This supposition is against the - truth of history. The Greek word in the passage £ is ' eunaica,' the accusative case of » gune _; the 1 Latin word is ' mulierem' ; both words signify 1 ' woman, and give no intimation whatsoever whether ' she is married or single. The word wife, , therefore, iniftie Protestant translation is a palpable ; corruption. Out Blessed Lord, at the marriage feast . at Cana of Galilee, said to His Virgin Mother : Ti sol kai moi, gune.' Assuredly Protestants would ; not be guilty of the blasphemy of saying she was tlis The ancient translators rendered the word ccclcsia by the word ' congregation' ; for instance. Gospel according to St. Matthew, e. xvi., v. 18: 'Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my ' congre- : nation.' ' Their object was to show that no spiri tual power was given by the Saviour to His Church ; that He only gave such authority to the different congregations as any assembly would have to expel any refractory member. When the Church of . England began to exercise authority, the translators expunged the word ' congregation' and substituted for it the word ' church.' All this goes to verity my statement that the translators were not actuated ; by the love of truth, but by the desire to make the Scriptures declare their own doctrines. The ancient translators of the Bible saw that the ?words 'priest,' ' altar,' and 'sacrifice are cor relative terms, and consequently the idea of a priest presents the idea of an altar and sacrifice, lhey consequently expunged these words from the Pro testant New Testament. The translators of the Protestant Bible purposely expunged the name 'priest' from the Bible, except when there was question of priests of the Jews and Gentiles, and especially when they were mentioned wilh reproba tion ; and metaphorical priests, that is persons who offer to God the sacrifice of praise, love, and submis sion to His holy will. It is very clear that they , expected, by means of their corrupted Bible, to exclude the very idea of the priesthood from the Christian, dispensation. Eor priest in the ?New Testament they substituted elder ; for Hshoj) they substituted overseer; for altar, they substituted temple. And as there was, according to them, no bishop, no priest, no.^ altar, there was of course no sacrifice of the New Law perpetuated in the Church. It mightbe said that, according to the roots, « overseer ' is a pr oper trans tion of the Latin word episcopm, and 'elder a proper translation of the Greek word P™™'™'* reply that it is good to know the roots of woids but the roots do not usually give us the proper meaning of words according to usage. Horace said, 2000 years ago, ' Si vult usus.' We must accord ingly look not onlv to the roots of words, but espe cially to their meaning according to authors ot re pute and usage. Prevent, according to usage, means to hinder ; according to the root, it means to go before. Surveyor, according to the root, means a person who takes an extensive view ; according to usao-e it means a person who measures land and gives the'number of acres, roods. &c;, which it contains. We must bear in mind that words are arbitrary ?ns of ideas, and must therefore convey tlie laeas ; iich people agree to convey by them, lne idea . a priest, according to usage, means a person who . s the power of' offering sacrifice. This has been e idea of a priest in every age. The idea of an ;ar according to usage has ever been the structure ?which a priest offers sacrifice. The idea ot a shop according to ecclesiastical usage is aneccles.i tic who has spiritual powers superior to those ot priest, more especially the power of ordaining iests. All this was seen by the ancient translators the Protestant Bible. And as they did not be jve in bishops, priests, altars, and sacrifice ot the ew Law, they expunged these words from the rotestant New Testament as being adverse to their jctrines. _ , , ,, Illustrations -.—First Epistle of St. Paul to the orinthians, c ix, v 13 : 'Those that eat the hosts are icy not partakers of the altar r' In the place ot (Mar le Protestant translators wrote the word temple \ iev might as well have written the planet Mars, cts of the Apostles, c xiv, v 22 : ' When they had rdained for them priests in every church. lne ticient Protestant translators wrote ciders tor priests nd congregation for church. Acts of the Apostles xx v 9S : ' Take heed to yourselves and to all ie flock over which the Holy Ghost hath placed ou bishops to rule the Church of God, which Pie has urchased with His own blood.' Eor the word ishops the ancient Protestant translators wrote veneers ; and for church they wrote congregation. wi,oracnnvnr thp words 'Eidolon (Greek), 'irfo- -im' (Latin), are found in the Bible with reproba Lon, the ancient translators, instead of rendering hem properly by the word ' idol,' mistranslated hem by the word ' image.' The so-called Re ormers taught the people from the corrupted Bible hat every respect paid to images was idolatrous, 'hey made the impression on the people that the lossession of them was an evident sign of idolatry ,n flie part of the possessor. By this teaching the .eople became furious, and demolished the beauti ul images of Christ and His saints which decorated he cathedrals and other Catholic churches of which he Protestants robbed the Catholics, and which ;hey retain to the present day. IlluBtrations.-2nd Epistle of St. Paul to the Dorrathians, c. vi., v. 16, the Apostle says : 'What igreementhath the temple of God with idols r In he Latin Testament the word for idols leulohs. The Protestant Bible had :— ' How agreeth the rempleof God with images?' This was a most wilful corruption of the sacred text. In the 1st Epistle of St. John, c. v., v 21, the Aposte says : ' Little children, keep yourselves from idols. Si or the word ' idols' we read ' images' in the ancient Protestant translations. St. Paul, in his Epistle to the Colossians, c, iii., v. 5, styles avarice ' the corvine- of idols.' The ancient Protestant transla tion styles it ' the worshipping of images. .Let the above serve as a specimen of the wilful corrup tion of the Sacred Scriptures by Protestant trans I beg to affirm, in conclusion, that although many of the glaring corruptions in the ancient Protestant Bibles have been rectified in James s Bible, still many more remain unconnected. I furthermore affirm that I have proved my introductory state ment, viz., that the ancient translators of the Pro testant Bible had not the remotest idea of trans lating the Bible in conformity with truth; their only motive being to add, to take from, and trans late the Sacred Scriptures so as to make them de clare their own doctrines. P. HALLINAN, D.D. 