MOAT CROFT; OR, THE GHOST OF A CRIME. By A. E. HOOPER. ' * C HAP TEE I A STORMY CHRISTMAS EVE. It was a five-mile ride to Silcoa-t Hall from the nearest station, and with the snow lying thickly on the ground and the wind blowing boisterously, it seemed double that distance. I bad looked forward to a brisk gallop along the frost-hardened road, and bajd hoped to reach the Hall before the usual fan of Christmas Eve commenced; but it had been snowing heavily all day, and by the time I alighted at tbe little junction, all the roads and the surrounding country were Hotted from sight, and on mounting the only horse procurable at the Station Inn. I found that the snow vras above the beast's fetlocks. There was nothing for it but to make the best of the disappointment; so, pulling the lappets of my fur'travelling-cap well down over my ears, and turning up my coat-collar, I bent my head to tbe almost blinding blast, and spurred my horse into a canter. It was not long before I discovered .that I was mounted upon a knock-kneed, broken-winded steed, wbose frequent stumblings and hoarse gaspings added to the misery of my almost frozen bands and the razorlike sharpness of the wind. Power of endurance is. after all, very much a matter of' habit. I knew very well that a farmer, a shepherd, or a sailor, used to being weather-beaten, wonld have laughed at the discomfort I felt during that evening ride. But I was a city man, in the habit of getting into a cab whenever tbe weather did not suit ine, and the desolation and loneliness of this tract of snow-covered coon try increased tenfold the unpleasantness of tbe wind and the snow. I consoled myself with tbe reflection that on "Change or in a crowded London thoroughfare I could give points to the farmer, tbe shepherd, or tbe sailor, ańd beat them all easily.. Cowards for tho most part are those who bave not been trained to courage. I kept up my heart for a time by anticipations of the comfort awaiting me at tbe end of my ride.. I had been a Christmas guest at Silcoat Hall for the last three years, and I. knew what to expect. There would "be the old, silverhaired squire himself, stout, florid, and genial—the very soul of hospitality; and bis lady, a gentlewoman of tbe old school, with her fine old face beaming welcome, her antique dignity and courtesy, serving as an admirable foil to the bluff frankness of the master of the house. Then I should meet Tom Silcoat, my special chum since the Winchester days, and together we should fight again our 'Varsity battles, which seemed to belong to such ancient history, though the last of them was scarcely two years old. Besides these, there would be the girls, and the married brothers and sisters, tbe uncles and aunts, and hosts of grand- children, who always gathered together at Silcoat at this season of the year. Yes, it would be a glad meeting, and a "merry Christmas," well worth this miserable Tide. I pictured to myself the great oak-panelled hall, gleaming with the light of hundreds of candles, the roaring Yule log. the wreaths of shining holly, the grim portraits of Silcoats dead and gone, and the stands of armour worn and bome by the soldiers of the family; and, as tbe picture rose vividly before me, I spurred my horse into a quicker pace. 'It was a thoughtless, not to say a brutal, act, and .1 suffered for .it. The poor beast, more willing than capable, broke into an awkward gallop, sighing like a blacksmith's bellows, and then, quite suddenly .he stumbled and pitched forward upon his knees, flinging me far over his head into a deep drift of snow. Thankful for the first time; for the show, which bad given me a soft fall, and saved my bones, I scrambled to my feet, and proceeded" to help up my sorry steed. He had fallen lame, and as he stood in the middle of the road, panting and trembling in every limb, I cursed my folly in refusing Tom Silcoat's offer to meet me with horses. Being uncertain of my time for leaving town, I had made up my mind to trust to my own feet or to the chance of finding a horse at tbe Station Inn; and here I was, two Silcoat, nearly up to my knees in snow, shivering at every fresh blast of the icy wind, and burdened with a disabled horse. Two things were clear to me. I could not leave the poor beast to its fate, and I would not go back to tbe inn. So I seized the bridle, and walked onwards at a slow pace, with my asthmatical steed sighing and limping along beside me. How long I . had been plodding along I do not know, but probably I had not covered more than half a mile when I-caught sight of a light twinkling ahead of me. I then remembered to have noticed, on former "visits, that, there was a little roadside inn, midway between the junction and Silcoat Hall; and the thought of being near to any place of shelter put fresh, life into me.- and I strode forward as qucikly as my lame horse could go. Ten minutes later I halted in the midst of the stream of yellow light which flowed across the road from the uncurtained windows of the inn parlor. A shout brought an ostler to the door, and when I had given directions for the care of my horse, and had seen him led away to the stable, I went into the bar of the Travellers' Rest. CHAPTERIL—THE STORY OP A CRIME. \- There was a large and rather noisy party gathered in the cosy little inn parlor, and a place was quickly found for .me near the fire. I'was glad to fling off my coat and cap,"and stretch my stiff limbs out before the blaze; and, after exchanging a few words'with the landlord about the weather, I settled myself lown into a corner to enjoy half an fiour's rest before proceeding on my Journey. - , . There had been -a lull ln the conversation and laughter as Łentered, but the party soon-grew , used tó jfly presence, and the talk -began again:. • "You was" a-saying as how-you seed a light in the window o''the Moat Croft, Bob." said a stout, solemn-faced man, tapping his pipe against a bar of the grate. The eyes of all -present were turned towards a young man who sat just inside, the floor. He was a lanky, loosejointed youth, with a pale face and a pair - of vacant-looking eyes, which shifted their gaze from face, to face before "th'eir owner answered. "Well, neighbor," said he, at last, in a thtri, reedy voice, 'tan' it's true, as -Fm iready-to -take-iny Biblie oath on it: An* I don't know -as if s so Strange, after all, seeing .as it was tbe .Moat Croft, mn* seeing as It vas on-Christmas Eve: "No, -no; Bob's Tight," murmured several .voices. , "fWell. but tell. us. Bob. dld you go an" look Into the "windows?'' asked the stout man by the -fire. Agam Bob allowed his eyes to -wander! f rom lace to face for -a moment, and then 1 be ^brought them to bear «pon his i*łłefore lanswer, pVaps you'lllet me d£k "you a question,' -h^^Bald. 'iAnswer me this, Jacob Meadows "Will you so «ow«and lo&k; Into the ^windows ot the s Kos* Croft V Several of the men laughed, and all of them smiled, with the exception of tbe stout man. He shifted uneasily on his seat,' and took a deep pull at his steaming. glass. Bob seemed to feel that he had scored a point, and he hastened to follow up his advantage. ' - "It's Christmas Eve, you know, Jacob," he said—"the night of the murder, you remember. Won't you just take a lonely walk to the Moat Croft, an' come back an' tell us what you see ? " Again there was a laugh at the stout man's expense, and it seemed to irritate him. for be tapped his pipe so bard against the grate that he broke Its stem. "I only asked a civil question," he cried an aggrieved voice. "You needn't take it so sarcastic-like Bob." "Well, no more, I needn't, Jacob." returned Bob, who was apparently satisfied with the impression he Sad made, and was inclined to be magnanimous. "An' I'll just tell you that I dtdn't look nto the windows of the Moat Croft last Christmas Eve. When I seed tfeat there light—an' it was a bluish light as I s^vKi—I come away as fast as I could: an''don't believe there's a man here tonigTit as wouldn't 'ave done the same." An inarticulate murmur of sympathetic asseiit passed ronnd the room, and then J;.--.ob Meadows made his peace with Bob by asking him to drink-something hoi and strong at his expense. The landlord of the ^Travellers' Rest was attending to the orders o£ his guests, and as he passed me with Jacob's refilled glass I took the opportunity of asking him if he" could furnish me with a guide to Silcoat Hal!. A sudden hush fell upon the company at the sound of m};question, and everybody kept silence while the landlord answered it. •Jfs a terrible rough night, sir." said he, "an" it's s good five miles round to the Hall on Christmas Ere." "Five miles! Why, it's only five miles from the junction,and this house is halfway b"tv-"cen tbe station and the Hall!" I rxclaimed. I said as 'ow it was live-mile round to tite Hall on Christmas Eve, sir," returned tlie landlord, doggedly. But I don't understand you. What do yo« neaii?' - I asked. "You're a stranger in these parts, sir," he said, "or you'd know that on Christmas Eve the folk about here can't get to tlie Hall without going round by the village, an' that's a good five-mile round. The straight way isn't half that distance; but it leads past .the Moat Croft, an' there isn't man here 'ud pass the Moat Croft on a Christinas Eve—no, not for a month's wages! Isn't that so, neighbors?" All tbe men present nodded their heads slowly, but with decision. "The Moat Croft is that old, uninhabited house which stands back from the road about a mile nearer to the Hall. 1 suppose?" "Yer, sir: you x;ome upon it just as .you turn off into the lane," said the landlord. "We was a-talkin* of it just as you come in, sir," put in Jacob Meadows. "Bob there was a-tellin' us of a light *ee seed in the Croft windows last Christmas Eve." "What's wrong with the place?" I asked. "Well, sir." said the landlord, "foil: do say as the old house is haunted; an" I'm sure it's not a surprisin' thing if it is." "Murder can't be hid," said Bob. in a sepulchral voice. "You're right. Bob—you're right."-.assented Jacob Meadows. "It's not for nothing them blood-stains won't wash out." "You see, sir," explained the landlord, "there was a bloody murder done at the Moat Croft five year ago. and them as did it got off an' could never be traced." "Only the corpse was found," said Bob, in a hollow tone. "Tell me the story," I said. "There's not much of a śtory to tell." returned the landlord, "for nobo.dy knows the rights of what Happened. The Croft has stood empty for ten year an' more, an' now it's likely to stand empty till it tumbles to pieces. It's ag'in natur' that anybody should want to live in it after what's took place. Five years ago to-night, on just such a stormy Christmas Eve as this, the neighbors was a-sittin' here in this very room—just as you might say we're doin* now—when we hea-re the sound of wheels a-comin' down tbe road from the junction. 'A carriage,' says I. 'With two horses,' says Jacob Meadows there- It was you as said 'Two horses," Jacob, wasn't it ?" "I think I said 'A pair of horses,' Johnny," said Jacob, thoughtfully. "I wouldn't be sure, sir; but, when Johnny says *A carriage." I think I said, 'With a pair of horses.' " "Well, well, two horses an' a pair comes much to the same thing," said the landlord. "I know the sound of the wheels stopped, an' I said, 'It's somebody as means to stop at tbe Rest.' So I goes to the door ,an' I sees the face of a dark, foreign-lookin' man at the carriage window. "Some brandy—" sharp!' cries he. "We've got somebody ill here—look alive!' You may be sure I wasn't long gettin' the brandy; and as I gave it into the carriage I caught' sight of three people inside. There was the dark, foreign man, a beautiful young woman with yellow hair, who was cryin', and a young gentleman who was lying back, with his eyes shut. I shall never forget that young gentleman's face, sir. I took partie'lar notice of it at the time, for he looked deathly pale. He was fair enough to be the lady's brother. An' I have good cause to remember him, for the next time I saw him he was a corpse—a murdered corpse, sir!" "How was that ?" I asked. "Well, sir, the carriage drove on. an" I thought no more about it till news was brought to the Rest on cftlstmas morning that murder had been done at the Croft. I went to the old house with others, an* when I told about the carriage I was showed the corpse. As I say, it Was that very young man, stabbed to the heart with • a queer, foreign-looking knife. As fpr the carriage and the two other people, nothing "as ever been heard of them—leastways -folk.do'say as they-might be seen near the Croft ..on any Christmas Eve; but nobody cares to go an', look for .'em.'' . _ The landlord mopped his forehead, which had grown damp while he was speaking, and as he looked round the room his guests all shook their beads. "Do you mean to say that none of you will jguide me to Silcoat Hall for half-a-sovereign ?" I asked- , " If you' like to go the five-mile round, sir, I'll take you for half that," said Bob. "No; m go by the Moat Croft," I said. "Then twenty suvereigns wouldn't take me," he cried; and all the rest nodded.' "-Then I'must go alone." I buttoned up mv coat and palled on -my cap. while tbe whole company gazed at roe in surprised displeasure. "You say I must turn up a lane to -the Croft? Is it all plain sailing fcQerwards? \- I asked..-after-I had paid inv reckoning and given instructions about. mv horse. "You can't mlfs the lane. It's the only tnrning.to theiight,' - -returned tiie-landlord, "an Jt you get -«afel} p^st &ei; Croft, you *mu=t take the second Jtbrni" to the ie£t, an- go straiftht on toĘajli Youll jsee the Silcoat lights to youp lefts jchen you ^retto ihe^roft-. Bat if you'll take -toy advice, feir, ymfll go -the fivemile 1 round' I laughed and shook my bead, and then, having bidden the company good night, I left "the Travellers' Rest and went out into the storm. > CHAPTER in.—A HAUNTED HOUSE. Since I had entered the Travellers' Best the snow had begun to fall again— not In soft, feathery flakes, bat in crisp, icy. particles, which were driven stingingly into my face by the bitter wind. The landlord shivered, and shut the inn door quickly behind me, and I could fancy I heard the company gravely discussing my folly as I bent my head once more to the blast and set forth upon m» lonely walk to Silcoat Hall. The cold was intense, and I walked quickly; but &y; the time 1 reached tbe lane mentioned by the lanffloni I began to wish myself beside the fire in the Travellers' Rest again. The snow whirled round in the wind lilie whirling waves of white <inst. dazzling the eyes and making the head giddy, asd for the first time I begar: to understand how :t was that people cccld pefish in' a snowstorm close to their own homes. I knew that Siksoat Hall csnld not be much more than a mile amd a half man me. and yet I felt so sleepy and stupM that I was several times tempted to lie down under the nearest hedge and lake a nap rather than traverse the rest of the distance. I had a vagsre feeling that it would be a dangerous thing to do, bat I did not seem to care; indeed, the danger of the thing seemed to threaten some person quite remote from myself—a person for wfcom I had ne feeling of interest whatever. ' Still, when the temptation grew strong, I mafle an effort to shake off the feeling of drowsiness, and when, by beating my arms across my chest, I had restored a little of my lost circulation, I found that I was standing against a solid gate-post. A second lock showed me that the gate belonging to the post was lying on tlie ground, half-buried by the snow, and, straining my eyes. I saw through the mist of the driving fiakes the blaek bulk of a large house rising up at the distance of some twenty yards from where I stood- Then I guessed that I had reached the Moat Croft. No sooner bad this fact become clear to me than 1 made up my mind to try and" gain an entrance into the old, deserted house. I had no fear of ghosts, for I had no belief in them; but now that I had roused myself from rr.y strange lethargy, I began to see that I had been in danger of giving way to the fatal snow-sleep, and I thought that betaking refuge for a few minutes in the old house I might shake myself altogether free from the subtle influence which seemed to be creeping over me against my will. I instantly turned at the gateway, and made my way up to the door of the Moat Croft. Entering the dilapidated porch, I found to my surprise that the door was unlatched and swinging to and fro upon its rusty hinges; so I pushed it open and stepped into the hall. A mouldy smell, like that of a longdisused wine-cellar or vault, assailed my nostrils, and at the same moment I became conscious of a strange feelin, of heaviness upon my heart. I had felt sleepy while out in the snow, but this was an altogether different sensation. My faculties now seemed all on the alert and sharp; hut at the same time I was aware of a sudden depression of spirit—a feeling which in past times was described as "having a presentiment of evil," but which is now called in vulgar language, "a fit of the blues." Probably the feeling was induced by the loneliness of the old house; possibly the story of crime to which I had so Iately listened had exerted a stronger influence upon my mind than I had imagined, and came back to me with greater force now that I had reached the scene of the murder. Certain it was, account for it how I may, sooner bad I crossed the threshold of the Moat Croft than I began to wish myself outside again. I might have retraced my steps a once; but I was ashamed to acknowledge, even to myself, that I was cap able of experiencing unpleasant sensations in a haunted house: so I crossed the hail, and turned the handle of the nearest door. A sudden stream of light flashed out from me, and by its aid I could see the whole of the interior of the room. The sight which greeted me sent an icy shock through my heart, and I stood in the doorway, riveted to the spot, with stiffened limbs, while mv hair seemed to grow crisp with horror. In the middle of tlie floor stood a lantern. from which the light radiated, and close beside it, stiff and stark, lay the body of a young man. His face, which was as white as chalk, was upturned to the ceiling; his eyes were shut, and I could see that he was very fair, for a close crop of bright yellow curls clustered round his forehead, and a slight tawny moustache shaded his lip. Kneeling on tbe floor—one at the head and one at the feet of tbe stiff figure—were two people, a man and a woman, and at the sight of them the details of the landlord's story flashed into my mind. TŁ' man was dark and foreign-looking, with black, pointed beard and moustachios, and the woman was beautiful and very fair—fair enough to be the young man's sister! A gust of icy wind blew through the room with a shrill scream, and then— Bang ! The door at which I stood was slammed in my face, and I stood alone in the dark hall. For a moment I stood hair dazed and stupefied, without power of motion, and then, with a violent effort. I broke the spell which bound me. and tried to open the door. But the handle was loose, and slipped round and round in my hands, and it was several moments before I could get it to move back the latch When at last I succeeded, it seemed as if somebody was pushing against the other side of the door, and I had to put forth all my strength to get it open. I sprang into the room, and found it was now as dark as the hall outside, and no sooner did I Telease the handle of the .door that it slammed to behind .me. It was not a pleasant position to be in, and not knowing-which way to turn in-the darkness. I stood quite still, thinking that I might hear some movements from the other occupants of the room—if, indeed, it had any other livin; occupants ! I crossed the floor, half afraid . to tread lest I should stumble over that awful Thing; and in a moment I was standing close to the window. It was a French window, opening, like a door, down to the ground: and as I stood there, with the wind blowing full upon me, I discovered that the snow had ceased to fall. Hark ! .What was that ? During a momentary lull in the storm, surely I heard the mufBed sound of wheels and horses" hoofs on the snow outside. I steeped outside the window . and looked eagerly In the direction of the sound, and as I looked the heavy clouds opened and let out a sudden Hood of moonlight. - A carriage drawn by two horses wa6 passing down the lane, and I just caught a -glimpse of a foreign. Wack- Aearfledi face at-the window as it vanished- "between the high,- snow covered hedges _ " Then Hooked back Into the room l bad .left,-and . I could see the whole floor gleaming white in the silvery light of the moon. The stiff and motionless figure I had seen lying there such a little while before had vanished, and the room was empty. As I looked, a wave of darkness seemed to flow into the reom and fill it front floor to celling. The clouds had once more dosed over the moon. I no longer felt any desire to rest in the haunted house; so I turned my back on the Moat Croft, and hurried away Ire the direction of the lights of Silcoat Hall, which I could now see twinkling in the distance. CHAPTER IV. — THE END OP THE STORY. As I had expected, the fun of Christmas Eve was at its height when I reached Silcoat Hall. I oould see the ruddy Ifeht of the broad hall windows as I stumbled wearily up the avenue, and I could hear the sound of music anil ! laughter as I drew nearer. But I was I scarcelv in a mood to enter upon the- gaiety "of a Silcoat Christmas Eve at once: so. Instead of going in by the great door, I made my way round -to a sideentrance, and asked a servant to shoir me up to my room, and to fcSBTom Silcoat of my arrival. In' telling Tom of my expcSnencss, I made no reference to my visit to the- Moat Croft: for at present I felt disinclined to encounter his laughter and bantering questioning. He blamed himself for paying any heed to my suggestion that he should not meet me with horses. "I ought to have known that they would be" badly off for mounts at the Station Inn. especially at Christmas time," he said. "But here you are,-safe and sound, and better late than never. I'll send you up something to eat and drink, and then you must come down and help us amuse the youngsters. I irrast I be oft or they'll follow me in a body, and carry me off by main fotve." I found that my portmanteau had arrived, and had been unstrapped, and r,-hile I was waiting for my supper, r removed all traces of my struggle withthe storm. When tlie tray was brought I made a hearty meal, aaid then, feeling quite refreshed, T left my rooms, and. guided by the sound of music, found my way down to the hall. You are just in time," cried Tom. coming up; "my TTncle Gerad has just returned bome from Italy, and he has promised to give the youngsters a special treat. I won't tell you what it is : but see. they are all taking their places for the show! Come with roe, and Til get you a good seat, and introduce you to my Cousin Stella at the same time." I saw that seats had been arranged in rows across the great hail; and now the whole company—men, women, and cliildren—were hurrying to take their places. I submitted to be led to a place by Tom Silcoat. I was still feeling a Utte dazed by my sudden entry from the storm outside into all the glitter of this gay scene: but I was suddenly roused by hearing Tom's voice say: "Stella, I want to introduce my oldest chum to you." I looked up, and then gave a violent start, with difficulty suppressing a cry. A most beautiful girl stood before me with extended hand—a vision of loveliness so rare that an hour ago I should have said I had never seen anything like it. But now I knew I had seen her befor. Tom's cousin, Stella, was the most beautiful fair woman I had last seen in the Moat Croft, kneeling at the feet of— "What on earth's the matter with you, old man?" cried Tom, sharply. "You look as if you had seen a ghost!" The girl had withdrawn her hand, and was looking at me in surprise, and I could only bow stiffly, and say: "I—I beg your pardon; I was a little . startled for a moment," "Well, well ; sit down," said Tom. ; "See! they are putting tlie lights out." We sat down on the nearest chairs, and as we did so, the han grew nearly dark. Just before us I saw a pair of heavy black velvet curtains, and presently a strong white light was brought to bear upon the place where the curtains were slightly separated. Naturally every eye in the hall was fixed upon this spot, and as I gazed at it, a feeling of strange uneasiness crept over me. Suddenly the black curtains parted slightly, and a pale face appeared at the aperture. Then, indeed, I gave a spasmodic gasp, and pinched myself to see if I were awake. The face was the face of a young man. -waxen in its delicacy, and fair and. beautiful enough to be the face of Stella Silcoat's brother ! "For Meaven's sake, tell me what this means, Tom !" I whispered, hoarsely. "Why, what's got -into you, man?" he replied. "Can't you guess ? My Uncle Gerad's a ventriloquist, and that's his lay figure. Handsome chap, isn't he?" Tom's "voice was drowned in an outburst of clapping and cheering as the curtains were parted again for a moment to allow a second figure to pass through —the figure of a tall, foreign-looking man, with black, pointed beard and moustachios. He was dressed in a suit of ruby velvet, and wore the sword of an Italian nobleman; and as he bowed to. the company, Tom whispered: "That's my Uncle Gerad.*,' I sank back into my chair in a state bordering upon - collapse. I wanted to yell aloud with laughter.but I was afraid it would disturb the entertainment. The sudden tansition from tragedy to comedy was almost too much for my already excited nerves, and I was thankful that Uncle Gerad's entertainment proved to be of a comic nature. As it was, some of the graver children looked at me in astonishment from time to time to see if it could possibly be a grown-up man who was laughing so heartily at a children's entertainment After the affair was over and the children had all gone to bed. the elder members of the company gathered round the Yule log and somebody suggested ghost stories. "I can tell the latest," I said; "for it and I repeated tlie story of the crime told by the landlord of the Travellers' Rest, and went on to relate what I had subsequently witnessed at Moat Croft. When. I told how I opened the door of the room and saw the stiff, stark figure lying in the light of the lantern, Gerad Silcoat burst into a short and sudden explosion 'of laughter, and then he remained quiet till I had finished. "It's a most remarkable coincidence." he said: "but I must supply the sequel to the story. Of course, the story of the murder at the Moat Croft is all new to me; but Stella and I and our wax figure have evidently played the parts of the ghosts of-the murderers and the murdered to- night. This Is how it came about: Just as we were driving past the old house part of the harness broke, and -our man said he must patch it up before we could go on. Stella thought It would be less cold in the house, and as our waien friend needed a stitch or two in his Coat,-." we carried him in with us. and Stella sewed bim' up by the light of the oarnage lamp. We heard the slamming or the door, and as Stella had been getting, a little nervous, we took up our man and carried him out at the "window, and. finding the harness repaired, drove off at once." . "No wonder you . looked a bit startled when I. introduced you to the beautiful murderess." said Tom. , "I fcope Mlss-Stella will forgive me." I eaid T thlnk jshe did then. - 3- know that she did soon afterwards for before I left the Hall-at the end of tbe Christmas holidays Stella Silcoat had promised "be. v my wife.' ' . - : 