I NOVEL. r4 Judicial Error, \ _____ By Marion Manville Pope. _ CHAPTER I. s : j Ike usual crowd had gathered in the gaol : court-yard, — reporters, officers of the law, a i - . priest in black robes, the attorney who had conducted the defence and who believed in \- the innocence he had failed to establish, the staff of physiciaus, and the one loyal, faithful friend of the condemned man, who had marched with him from the murderer's cell, mounted the scaffold, and now stood beside him for the few brief moments left. This friend was manifestly much less composed . . and more excited than the man who was about to suffer the extreme penalty of the law. Aside from those whose business it was to , be there in one capacity or another, there were absolutely no spectators. All the mere \- morbidly curious had been rigorously ex- eluded. The attorney for the defence — Absolute' Johnson, as his friends On the v . - bench called him, nicknaming his baptismal (.. title, Absalom, to fit the qualities of his t ., character with goo i- humored aptness — was speaking to a reporter for the ' Star.' i---- ' Mr. JBlotwell, you are about to witness a p, legal murder.' The reporter, who had been mightily im f;.-:. pressed by the lawyer's masterly summing up of the case, rubbed the lobe of his ear j. with a lead-pencil and looked troubled, t- . ' You still believe him innocent ?' s. ' As I an>, or as you are, of t hat crime.' ' How do you know it, Mr. JohnBon ?' he asked, eagerly, transferring the point of his v .pencil to the pad. r Absolute Johnson lifted his hand protest- :.mgly. 'Now I am not talking for print. I've said all 1 had to say in public, and God knows I wish it had been enough. That man is being hanged by a chain of circum- statial evidence absolutely without break, and absolutely false in every link. I ?. wuiuu k prove it, out j_ Know it. This was said so earnestly aud so feelingly s that the reporter forbore to jot it down. Nevertheless he repeated his question. ' How do you know that ?' The lawyer regarded him moodily for a moment. ; 'Young man, how do you know the sun ; shines?' ' Because I see it.' 'Exactly. If 1 should take you into a .dungeon now you would no longer see it, but Si vyou would know it was still shining, wouldn't |>:you ?' Ifc-ffi ' Of course I should.' b-a ' Very good. We know it is shining : we b ean prove it. Now why is it BhiningP' I 5 The reporter, who was young and who p had not delved deeply enough into physical science to have a pat — even if a fallacious — answer ready, was silent, us? ' It has iigbt, it has heat, therefore it is presumably a molten ball. It is fire. Why '"is it fire instead of water ?' \- 'Ask me something easy, Mr. Johnson.' V ' Very well. Then asK me something lasier than why I know that Caleb Newal is /innocent.' £|| ' In another group men had been discuss- |'ing capital punishment in subdued voices, j r.. ' J-i you want to go back to the law of Moses,' said one, ' and begin harping about ,an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, | perhaps you can find some justification for ; it. But the laws of Moses were built for i barbarians who didn't know what a moral i was until you opened their heads with a i hatchet to get the idea in. Such laws ought \- to be relegated to the Dark Ages, where they i belong.' j ought the crime of murder,' said one i ox ma listeners. j. ' No doubt, but two wrongs don't make ; one right. We are about to do the same ; thing that we are hanging this man for ' doing. Taking his life does not bring back the life he took. I tell you capital pnnish- i ment is a pernicious thing. It's morbid. It's unhealthy. I believe that the guillo tine, and the sight of the blood it spilled in Paris, have done more, humanely speaking, to lower the moral tone of France than all ; the crimes put together that were ever com- ; mitted in her boundaries since the abolish- ; ment of torture and the rack. Every witness i of an execution is haunted by it for days. He thinks about it ; he talks about it. The morbid dwelling upon the thought of taking auman life spreads. It's like publishing the . ; pictures of criminals. It tickles the vanity bf the vicious, who are not wise enough to ; diserimate between prominence and notoriety, i go forever confusing the fame of the f one with the ill fame of the other. It's de- moralizing. It tends to vice. Suppose a \- -jraan is proved innocent after he has been "fiondemned and executed ?' : / The speaker was interrupted by the sheriff's i , voice. All other sounds ceased. The sun j was overhead at high noon, aud the prisoner's ' shadow was under the feet that pressed the j drop. Every man in the little gaol court- Up ' yard stood upon the thin darkness of his own ) stunted noon-shadow. The gallows cast a sinister bar upon the heads of the two young men, the free and the con- ufinmed, and this V ar smote across the breast of the priest, who stood a little back of the prisoner. Everything was pro found 'y still, save for the cooing of a pnrple pigeon who bowed his burnished head before his mate as they perched upon a ledge of the western wall. 'Have you anything to say, Caleb?' 'Nothing, except, perhaps, to repeat that I am innocent.' He had been looking off into the sky with dreamy eyes in which a certain resigned regret lingered, — the regret of a man who looks upon a scene from which he is to be long absent, rather than one which he ex pects never to see again. This expression which was calm and placid if neither bright nor animated, fixed itself upon the memory oi tne witnesses. It contrasted strongly with the working and distorted countenance and the furious eyes of the friend. He had thrown his left arm protectingly about th e prisoner's shoulders, and this attitude of unwavering affeotion and fidelity to the last was pathetic and pitiful. The sheriff un- clasped the handcuffs preparatory to binding the prisoner's arms behind him, and the two friends grasped each others hands, as they did so, an expression of surprise and be wilderment flashed over Caleb Newal's face. He shook his head and his lips moved. His friend seemed expostulating with him, but in a whisper of an unknown tongue. The priest closed his eyes and crossed himself, and as the four hands fell apart, and the sheriff, inspird with sudden haste, bound the condemned man's hands behind him something glittered for a moment in the sun and fell with a tinkle of broken glass upon the pave ment. Newel's face had caught and le- flected the excitement upon his friend's countenance. t VT » _ _ 1 # .v i« xi u, no : ne cnea, mere is no disgrace in an unmerited punishment. The crime would have been infamous, but the death of a man who is not guilty has no ignominy in it. Remember that, old fellow, remember it. God bless you, and good- by.' The last word came through the black cap: the next moment the drop had fallen. As the body hung quivering and swaying, the friend lifted his right hand solemnly, and cried in a hoarse voice, ' 1 call upon you all to witness that an innocent man has suffered an unjust penalty, and I awear in your presence and before God to prove it before I die.' The pigeon cooed melodiously upon the western wall, and those standing near the spot where the tiny vial had broken looksd at each other meaningly, for a strong and over powering smell of peach-kemels had risen from the deadly acid it contained. In six minutes the execution had been pro nounced complete, the dead man was laid upon his shadow in the coffin, and the law was satisfied. CHAPTER II. For three generations the Newals had occu pied an old mansion in the outskirts of a town in New J ersey. The property had a history when the Newals purchased it, a history connected with the times of Washington and the Revolutionary days. It was then called The Manor House by its English owner, who had sought to establish a bit of the old home world in the new colony. It had its park then, and its own preserves, and kept its ken nel, and the gentlemen of the Manor did cross-country riding in pink coats that were violently scarlet, and in every way kept up the old home sports, as loyal Englishmen always do, whether in the arctics or the tropics, the way of England being mani festly too superior to those of the rest of the world to admit of their being set aside for anything so unimportant as a trifling differ ence in climate. But after a little; as the old oolonists' days became yesterdays, and to-morrow of the colonists had become the to-day of the young republic, changes had taken plaoe in and around the Manor. The last Squire had broken his neck which fitted his pink coat so admirably, riding gallantly to his death in a ditch on his own estate. The fox lived to harry the hen-coops, and the widow and children, who were loyal royalists, were glad to dispose of the Manor with its fixtures and preserves, even to that last ditch, and return to the more enlightened atmosphere of Kent or Sussex. With the fixtures were included some family portraits left behind in the stre.-s of adverse circumstances, and after a generation these came to be regarded as the British ancestry of the Newals, who were not British at all, and, to do them justice, never claimed to be. And in the course of that overturning generation the hunting preserves were par celled off and fenced in and farmed out, and two roads were cut through them, crossing in a corner of the park where the lane of horse-chestnut, ended at the big iron gate and the high stone wall. All of these changes would no doubt have been discomposing to me gnost or tne last bquire had he returned some gusty autumn night and ridden merrily to hounds with all his ghostly train, for the good dogs had long since bayed their last fox or moon, and the big brown hunter had broken his own hack and heart along with his master's neck in that last ditch. But fence and farm, and cross-road and cottage, would not have been so surprising in the old hunting fields as the Raritan Canal dividing them with a watery way, along which floated a contented commerce congratulating itself upon the improvements of a modern age. The hunting horn of the old Squire's day had been replaced by the tuneless tooting of tin honis by canal-boat captains signalling the bridge tender in his cottage on the new banks where travellers along the cross- roads paid toll over the new waters. The nearest approach to the merry windings of the old horn was produced by a certain canal cap tain who owned a leaky key bugle, upon which he wheezed hoarse cavalry calls to bridges along his way, much as if they were forts or sleeping barracks. The tow path ran only a hundred yardB to the rear of the Manor, around whose diminished domain the stone wall had been continued, and the view- halloo of the old hunts had been superseded by the shouts of ragged drivers along its dusty road. The tinkle of the mule bells was heard at intervals day or night in every room of the old house by those who chose to listen, and may even have penetrated into the musty depths of the big iron bound chest in the attic, where moths were busily turning the pink coat into erratic lace-work, and the leather seated breeches were mouldering beside the rusty bit and stirrups of that last ride. Truly that generation was as a season for its cnanges. j ne sacred lour poster in which Revolutionary generals had slept and snored had become a cradle for lusty little Newals who kicked the covers off, and had croup, and measles, and soarlet rasb, and other small miseries to which they had fallen unwilling heirs. The advent of these human ills into the precincts hitherto set apart for reverential traditions to cluster about and bear big imaginative fruit would have horri fied and scandalized the ghost of the ex- hunter, even had they not troubled his peace so much a3 the moths in the broadoloth or the mule-bells along the tow-path. But they were part and parcel of the change. The first Newal of the Manor had been thrifty. He had made money in dividing the estate he had purchased, and the value of his property had increased with the improve ments of the country. His eldest son had married and brought his .vife home, and the other sons and daughters, liberally portioned, had tacitly sought other homes, for the most part in what was then the West, New York and Pennsylvania ; one had even ventured into the far west of Ohio. The eldest son, himself one of ton children, had only three of his own, one son, Caleb, and two daughters, Catherine, his oldest child, and Dorothy, his youngest. No Newal had ever lived, in the memory of the community where they had been known for three generations, who had not been an honorable, upright, self-respecting, and respected oitizen. The girls were virtuous, prndent, and capable, and the first and second Newal of the Manor dying had each declared that his children had been a bless ing to him. Judge, then, of the horror and astonishment of the community when Caleb Newal was accused of one of the most cold blooded and unprovoked murders in the criminal annals of New Jersey. At first such an accusation seemed incredible, monstrous, beyond the limits of imagination. But, as circumstance after circumstauce was deve loped, all doubt was removed, and the con viction of his guilt took as strong possession of the majority as faith in bis innocence had previously obtained. The victim for whose violent taking off Caleb Newal stood accused was an old gentlemen who had been a friend of the first Newal and a neighbor to all, one of the most peaceable and harmless of men, who had dandled Caleb on his knee as a child and been a wise and loving friend to him as a man. Old Mr. Atterly, as he was familiarly called, the adjective having taken the place of the given name, as it often does when men and women outlive their generation, had been killed by several blows upon the head, in flicted with a heavy walking-stick of his own, for it lay beside him upon the floor and bore evidence of the ghastly misuse to which it had been applied. The crime had presum ably been committed somewhere between eight and ten o'clock on the evening of May 3\. In the spring dusk of the former hour Caleb Newal had crossed the bridge over the canal, stopping for a moment for a little friendly conversation with the bridge-tender and telling him he was going to see Mr. Atterly, whose home was on the other side of the new water from the Manor and some little distance west. At the gate he had been met by the Rev. Mr. Baxter, to whose ennren m.r. Axteny ana xne iewais umuugeu. Mr. Baxter afterwards testified that he was coming away, but had returned with Caleb, parting with him at the gate a few minutes later. At ten minutes after ten the gar dener, who had been employed by Mr. Atterly for over forty years, and who had that evening been sent to town upon his master's business, returned, and, going straight to the little room opening off the garden to deliver his belated message, had been the first person to make the horrible discovery. This small room had been used by the old gentleman during his latter years, when age rendered him feeble, for an office In it, as he was one of the richest men in the country, his manifold business interests were attended to without assistance other than that given by interested parties, for his mind had not shared in the decadence of his body, hut con tinued vigorous to the last. It was in this room, opening abruptly as it did into the garden and thereby affording the murderer means of egress and escape unseen, that the old servant had found his master's lifeless form. This gardener, who also served some what in the capacity of private servant about the house, and, in a limited way, gauged by his capacity of intelligence rather than fidelity, was a confidential man whom his master trusted to the limit of his under standing, testified to having been ; moat un happily detained beyond bis usual hour of returning on that fatal night by the absence of the gentleman whom he had been sent to see. This statement was corroborated by a number of witnesses, so that no possible suspicion could be attached to him. In his testimony at the trial he said that he had rushed immediately in search of his wife, who was housekeeper and cook, and who had, with himself, grown old in the mur dered man's service. His wife was very hard of hearing : he had found her sitting a the kitchen table doing some mending. Their grand- daughter, a girl of reventeen who helped about the house, was asleep, with her head resting on the table. He testified that she was a heavy sleeper, not liable to be awakened by sounds as she usually had to be shaken. He remembered distinctly having been compelled to shake her violently that night in order to arouse her to an understanding of the appalling crime that had been committed iu the house duriug his absence. The kitchen was detached from the main part, after the fashion of Southern houses, — old Mr. Atterly was a Southener by birth, — but there were bells communicating with it from his master's office and sleeping- room. Neither his wife nor his grand-daughter had heard an alarming sound, and no bell had rung to summon them. Mr. Caleb would have entered his house without knocking, as was his lifelong custom, and the minister, in common with other people who were upon familiar terms with the master, was in the habit of proceeding at once to the little office instead of summoning the servants to admit him through che front door of the rambling old house. The old gentleman was not known to have an enemy in the world, and there was nothing missing from his person or from the premises to indicate that robbery bad been the motive for the crime. One XUiU. pouo ituu a low nit vol uuiub woio iuuuu in his pockets, also a valuable watch and an old-fashioned gold fob of massive workman ship. ThiB fob, which was always plainly visible upon the old gentleman's waistcoat, would certainly have excited the cupidity of any strolling vagabond who might have wandered along the towpath and been tempted by some inscrutable canse to com mit so foul a deed. But no stranger had been seen. The tow-path had been deserted, and the road nearly so. It was here that evidence began to fasten upon Caleb Newal. At ten minutes of ten that night the bridge- tender had seen him cross hurriedly, apparently returning in an agitated and excited state of mind. He had hesitated for a moment, standing full in the light which streamed from the little toll house, while he looked up and down the tow-path in a bewildered manner, as if un certain which way to take. During this moment the bridge- tender saw with astonish ment that his clothing was strangely awry and in a dishevelled state, which was parti cularly noticeable, as Caleb was rather fop pish and precise in his attire. After this momentary hesitancy, and without replying to or appearing to hear the bridge-tender's salutation, he seemed suddenly to recollect himself and started off down the tow-path in the direction of his own home. Half an hour later Mr. Att.erly's old gardener, who had orossed from town a few minutes after Mr. Caleb passed, came running back, stumbling and breathless, shouting as he ran that his poor old master had been murdered. It was then the bridge-keeper first attached importance to the young man's unusual state, and remembered that there were certain dark spots upon his clothing that glistened like water during the brief moment when he stood in the little square of light. No strangers, of a suspicious look or other wise, had been seen along the road or tow- path that evening. A woman with two little children had passed, going towards a small farm on which they lived, laden with packages and parcels which the children were helping her to carry. The Rev. Mr. Baxter had not returned, having gone back, as was sometimes his wont, on the other side of the oaual, orossing over a bridge nearer town. He had gone over by the Hamilton road, as it was called, above the Manor, and might have crossed by any one of two or three bridges farther down. It was afterwards developed that at ten o'clock or thereabouts, just as Mrs. Newal and her daughters were retiring, Caleb entered at the back door, having come in through the canal gate, to which ho carried a key, and was going straight to his room, when his sister Catherine came with a candle to the head of the stairs to tell him that his friend Donald Matheson, playfully called Damon by the family, had been waiting for over an hour to see him. As the candle carried by the young woman shone full upon her brother's face, she was struck by its extraordinary expression. (To be Continued.) 