IU THE 'SffifEB-lEVEi?' COUNTRY-'' , \ ? WEST' OF .QUEENSLAND. :? .. . .;,,.?;?. AW EXPLORER'S STORY. fFOE THE 'SDSDAY ' TEffifeS'— By 'YARRAMAN'). £&g;^fy^-r~**^m^ TJMPING Jehoaho C^^Lfi^ CP* Dhr.t ! Did y on hear ' ?S^\ fl^T^1 M'Dermott, pulling. *^W/ W^S UP bis Pant''B \- I l/^Aira'-S =s£j *-\/ borsa as a piercing \ | ^£?§|^^&=5|V C\ shriek reverberated N I tt^-s^&l;* ^1 Pr through * u e *. ll I \fif§%*;&sdg;$\ (??{ tbnnder-laden at 'ViWw'P^I )l mospbero of thu 1 ^MiliPs-f =£§ \ -#4 tropical evening ; it Bfc'/a«aigyw-=^i!i-i=sf£-4 'I certainly i- N WW^^Ct^^tboaght it was,' ,^^|^/^^jj£^ar.-Tif,aid. I, also pulliug l^^^ltf-^oth of us ^^SSi^S^. -1, listened breath ?^jj^'a_ lflasly f or o minute or bo, when the agonised cry was repeated, »nd immediately followed by a chorus of yells which conid only emanate from the throats, of n-ild blacks. ' Coejo on, old man!' shouted Mao 'Depend upon it, its those niggers whose ncoke we sighted this afternoon. They have jot somo poor devil of u white. fellow in a. fix jown that rocky gorge 1 *' And putting sputa to liis horse, away bo went at break-neck speed, and in a minute was out of sight. I sanp out to the black' boya, who were drmng the sparo horses, to wait until we returned, and .then followed M'Dermott at a pace that in cold blood I never would daro. Away we went at headlong speed in the half-light of the hot Summer-evening, down the gorge from which the cry proceeded. I could not get sight of my mate, whose splendid borsomanship and undaunted courage soon enabled him to distances me, and I was just beginning to doubt whether I was going right whona couple of revolver shots rang out, and, turning a huge granito bovtider, a sight burst agon me that was well calculated to scare duyoue. : ?There upon a plateau of rock, his back »guinst the cliff,- and confronted by a -yelling m$b'-of Warrigal blacks, painted in all sorts Df; fantastic and diabolical designs with red jind-yeTiow ochre, was a man apparently about E&years; of age. His horse !ay dead in front of him, looting for all ths wprldlike a gigantic pin-cushion, on accountof the number of spears thkt were sticking into its body. 3!he man was almost done. He was literally coycred with blood, his ammunition gone, ai;d was Vji*rest!ingv frantically with a big, buck nigger, who had succeeded in beating him dimn to his knees with a murderous nuila nnlla when my mate galloped up, scattering them right and left, with a splendid disregard tohis own Bafety. With one shot from bis ois-sbooter he settled the hash cf the nigger who had the -young fellow down, and put a ball into another who sprang forward, and hung on to his horse's roius and waa cutting away at him with a flint tomahawk. At first the suddenness of my mate's ap pearance seemed to astonish tho blacks as he galloped to the rescue of the white man, and then finding he was ;al.ono, they plucked up courage': and charged him from all directions, ju6t as I camo uj) and blazed away at them from the rear. My sndden attack cooled their ardor somewhat, and forcing my way through them I sacoaoded in reaching my mate at the. moment a blackfellow aimed a spear at liim from a distance of about forty yards. 3tly blood ran cold as the. spear camo with lightning Bpoed straight towards us, with that peculiar undulating motion which none jbut the Australian aboriginal is able to give to this deadly weapon. Mac just got a glimpse of it as it left the nigger's hand, and as he throw himself forward on his saddle, the spear just grazed his head, and entering the collar of liis coat it traversed right along his back bone,- grazing tue akin. A3 he straightened himself up, with about loft of spear sticking straight up out the back ?pf his coat, for the life of me, scared as I jiindoubtediy was, I could not help bursting {out laughing at the expression on his face. , . |J. ' I'm done, Mick ! Shoot the dog !' he troared. And then, seeing the amused look on ? fliy- face : '' Bad luck to you ! 'Why don't you shoot? Can't you see I'm speared?'' \- I had already done most of the shooting inquired, for, seeing my mate so suddenly jreiuforced, the blacks ware in full retreat, leaving some of their best fighting men 'behind. S ' By George !' said Mac, ' that was a close jhave,' as, with iny assistance, he alighted J-n tho ground, and, after u. short examination, ?re.e found that beyond & slight graze or 'two iilong his backbone no damage was done. ??' ' You're right, old man,*' said I ; ' there's &? Providence; you know, ,that looks after drunken men and fools ! for it oertainjy was a foolhardy act to rush iato that mob by yonr Belf. I thought once thab tho niggers would Lava succeeded in taking our fat.' ;v'Oh, woll, never mind. Let's go and see bo,w. that poor devilis.' ';fla ran over to -where the wounded white oi'aii was lying. ?:? ? j He had faintad from loss of blood, find the Digger my mate shot was lying right across him, dead as a door-nail. We pul'od tha 'b'mckfellbw off him, carried 'aim down to the creek, baptised him plenti fully with oold water, and after some little Mmo he revived. He was slashed about a good deal, and very weak from loss of blood, but no bones were broken. Aa ho was too faint to travel we .bad not the heart to leave him in that desolate spot, so iBiiuy hundrods of milos from any settlement ofcfior th.in tlio Alice Spring station (distant Rii'put-. 120 miles), on tho overland telegraph linQ between Adolnido and Port' Darwin. Loiiviiig Mac' with him,'T roturnod to where we left tho blaekboys with our pack aud sparo horses. Wo caiupsd that night upon tho scene of our Into encounter, hobbled out the lioraes, and soon had the billies boiling along side .» roaring fire, which lib up the wild Bcenory of the gorge. A little later wa were pitting down negotia ting a substantial moal of potted beef end damper, with an enjoyment that those who are not used to f.ho active and bracing out-door life have no idea. of. Our patient managed, after a while, to drink Homo tea a-:d eat a littlo, and in a dazed sort Df way pat up and stared at ujs and tha two bin pic boya pitting at tho other side of tho fira '?/'Well mate, how do you feel now— better, eh?'' eaid Mac. 'Ob, yes, thank you,' he replied; 'but these jjruiHos and cuts smart very much. I uovtir civn thank you for the service you have rondered me.' He then introdueed himself to as. His jiama was Ularke, and he, had only arrived in Adelaide six months before. He had letters of introduction to the owner of Undcolya. Sl:atron,'and had been trsvellinc almost con tinuously since vbis arrival in tho colony in company with a man who undertook to show him the way to the station, which was distant from Adelaide 1030 miles north. Thoy got on very well until about a week or so back, when bis companion, in endeavoring to make a short ent across tho country, had miscalculated tho distance. They failed to make the station, and at their midday meal that day thoy fell asleep, and his mato was speared. Clarke managed to get on Ilia horse, but only succeeded in covering abo.ut thrSG- quarters of a mile, chased by the niggers, before thoy speared his horse. Then we appeared. 'And novr,'' said ho, 'what ami to do? I haven't a cartridge loft, and my horse dead. I'm in a nice fix.'* 'Oh!' -said Mac, 'don't let that trouble you. ' We'll go back in the morning and bury your ma;fce, and you can have a couple of horses to take you and your, traps to the station, and perhaps we may accompany you.' ' .-.-,?.- ' By George ! you're a tr.ump !' said the now c'uum. ' Tell you truth I've no inclination for travelling by myself rtfter the . shock I've received, and you 'would be doing me a real kindness, if ifc.will uofc iuoqnvenience you too much.' ??&. ?'?- ??.?*'--??'.??-..„..: ;??-. 'Not a bit,' said Mac; .'so turn in, old man, and got aoxnuch sleep as you can, ao that we can go an easy stage to-morrow.' ? Which advice ho immediately acted nnon, and was soon fast asleep. ? . ? ' i , '\ 'Poor chap!' ruminated my rrKito; 'He seems a gentleman, aud is evirfa'-itly 'well educated. He has bad an' exporieucay that will probably last him his lifetime.' ?? i '. .,'?' 'Yes,' said I; ' althpugb', old man.Wou-and I have had many a rough-and-tumbje -y^ith the niggers on Cooper's Creak and . Ahe 'FAamau- tina, when I saw this poor chap downedA'y the ;. nigger, and you surrounded by that ?j»Uirijj' crowd of devils, I thought we had done** our last bit of exploring, and wero about to ^ke up o.nr last bit of country. Howavar. all's taiII that 'ends well; L .suppose we'd better kee^o vrateh in case they feel iuolined to sneak on us. You tilth in, Mac. I'll call you-a'fcmid-^ night.'- .' . - - . - . \ ' All lijrjib, old-man ; good night !' Haid he, and iD a. crack was souud asleep. . Birly in the morning we acooinpanied Clarke to whero his fellow-travoller laj% and, wrapping him in his blanket and digging a hole in tho sand, wo buiriod him, and placod a hoap of boulders over liis grave in order to keep the dingoes-away, and, at tho same time, to mark the spot where the poor fellow lay. We then saddled up and started, for Uuiioolya^and arrived at that place after easy stages. . . . ' . , Clarke's aariviU was a sourco of great plea sure and do.5jght to bis frieuds, bub he had become quite 'r attached to us, und when we were wi'atiiug:. them all good-bye he suddenly turned to me- and said : 'As yon are going easb to take up couvttry, and I have a littlo money; will you take me in witli yoa as a, partner f' 'I've no objection,' 8aid I, '^.if Mao-is agraoable.' .?'?? . - 'Kight you aiw^my boy!'* said Slao. ' I'.l bo very glad of you for a mate; you pub in your third of tho-cash, and it's a bargain.'.' So it was arranged aa wo bad about .£190 that Clarke should put in .£100, which he did ; and we started far our trip across Central Australia from the^ overland telegraph line to the south-west of Queensland, where we intended pickiug up\300 head of old cows that we wore in the habifa of using for tho purpose of taking up and securing bolts of country preparatory to selling, the same uustocked. We had beon travelling for some weeks through the waterieBs\wasto kno'vn as tha Stoney Desert, and vrtxca occasionally very tight pushed for water. '- Matters werebecom I jng very monotonous — tr;ivelling oasfc over the ifltnrnal rollimr aoinnifex Hand bills, extending from north to south, up and down, jasb as regular as the waves of the sea — when we struck a tributary , of the Gregory River. As there was abuudanae of feed for the horsns, and plenty of water in the oreelr, we depided to camp foe a day or two. Wo pitchodioainp under tho only tree to be seen in the neighborhood — an old weather beaten Caollibah ; hung our revolvers on the branches, And turned the horses loose, an attention at that timu of day (about 12 noon) thab tfceyieeeined thoroughly to appreciate. Towards evening Mac discovered that there was no damper, and he Bhouted out : ' Who's turn ia it to bake?' 'I think it's my turn,' said I, 'and as there's a very strong wind blowing I'll take the dish and flour aud go up the creek a bit and get uuder thu shelter of tho bank.' The place I picked to get out of tho wind was \aboufc a hundred yards up the creek, under the shelter of tho bank on one side and thick cano grass in tho creek on the other — making a.capital shelter. I made ,tho damper and had just kicked the. fire away from it when my tv?o mates strolled up. 'Hullo,' says Mac, 'Damper dons? Sun down, you know ; nearly supper time.'' They sat down under the shelter of the cane-grass, with their badks to it. I was sitting at tho other side of the firo, facing them. ' Wo remained smoking and talking BOine littlo time, when I happened to look up and saw a nigger pulling tho cane-grass on one eide and glariug at ine over my mates' heads. I know the habits' of these rijggors bo well that I was confidant this follow was not alone, aud although I expected a shower of spears I tried not to notice tho nigger. ' Mac,1' said 1, as oaltnly aa I conid, 'There's a nigger looking at mo right over yorir heads. ' Don't move— perhaps he'll go away. Think: what's best to be done. If we run to the camp they'will spear us as soon as our backs are turned.' '.._ .....' —.i,..^« ' Bitterly, if silently. *?a nil nr.rpc.l our folly in leaving our firearms- at the camp, and, aa subsequent events proved, had good reason to. V ? Howevor, wo had .no time to deliberate. From all directions a yalliug mob of about forty or fifty painted -dovils were round us, brandishing .'thoit w.addys, spears, and boomo ratigs, aud only' waiting, the sigual to com mence operations upon us. ' To say we wore frighfconed is to put ib very mildly. Clarke was as trhitoas a ghost ; Mao seemed least scared of any of us. I was loo frightened to show it, and yelled out in the dialect of thab part of the country : ' Wadtharra hit- kidthia?1' (whore are you going). About ail thoir lingo I knew at' that time, or could think of.'- To my astonishment, ono, who opnoared to be the king, answered me in pigeon English : '-Oh! -mo aud all abonb blackfollow goy pianga Mister Mack:' (Mack and Co., of iSTjirgiui, near Dehilitluin, had livtoly- settled afinutOO miles to the south of where wo were, aliViougli we did not know it at the time.) 'A' gain time I kept' talking' to the uiggor Konsathing aftor this fashion : ' jMy word! bud.^ry you old fellow— no gammon nbout that T birra' (waddy) belbngin' to you? My wotil— ''on como alonga my camp ; ieave him alla.bott'; blackfellow bore. Me give uiri you plenty fcobac and flour.' . '.; . ... All tba iimo I was trying quiotly to got away ; brafctthc nigger was too wide awako for me. I tri9t-\evory expedient I could think of to etave ofi .the attack which I knew was inevitable xn&esB; something unforeseen should occur. \ '? ' -, I kept very\olose to my blackfo'ilow, talking away all the\\\\.tirne. At lasb I hoard lain give an order ^.^t I tlioughb meant tho end of us, and they aU^-athered closaly jround. ' tSood-bye, cbiips, it's all up !' I ? said ; 'they mean business now.' ' .;. Like a flash up vent their hands, 'holding eptiSrs, boomerangs} waddys, &o.; I caged up to the blackfellow 1 1'ad been talking' to,' tind caught hold of liis waidy — anying tomysejf: 'Never mind, if I amKdlled I'll tako^careypu go with me'-:-when iui-. extraordinary: thing happened. '? . ' ? , ' '?'??? Clark wa8 shaking wifchr fear, but^ to; show bis unconcern, took his p&po; out of liis pookefc, stooped down, took a coaSjirom the fire, placed it in the bowl, and lit his 'pipe, drew a long breath, aud emitted a cloruLof smoko. Words fail mo to dcscribe\the astonishment' of these wild blacks. Esprofisions of amaze ment were heard from all sides. 'Puh! Ilia! Ilia! Ilia !*''\ (devil devil, &c;), and other ejaculations. Tboy apparently for tho moment forgot their real object of ^niali'ing us in the excitement of seeing the 'white man on fite? ??' ' ? It was as good as a play to 'see Clarke walk ing away to the camp, the niggers following all round him, some peering over his Bbouldera and staring with the greatest astonishment at tho smoke coming but of his mouth. All this despite the' efforts of the king, to whom alono the sight of a white man smoking was not a. novel one, ho having been inside the settled districts ; but tho wild blacks had nover seen a white man before— let alone ono on fire, and thoy no doubt attributed it to something supernatural. To ray groat joy Clarke at last suoceeded in reaching the camp. Snatching his revolver he covered the king, then banded mo my six shooter, aud w.b-m Mac got his wo felt that via werei masters of the situation. I then told the king, who, by the way, re joiced- iu tho ouphonions name of ' JSuro .' (a species of kangaroo indigenous to tbia part of tho continent), to toll tho others to ' Throw um away,1' waddys, spears, boomerangs, &c.;, and it was not long before we had quite a pilo of them. It was a curious sight to soo Bnoh a largo number of blacks dominated by only tfireo whito men, hundreds of miles away from tho nearent sottlemont. We had them disarmed, completely cowed, and at our meroy. By this time it was getting dark, and we were doubtful what was best to bo done with them. Wo could see fires in all directions, and there were evidently large numbers in the locality. Therefore we shifted camp out upon the open' plain somo distanoe away, built ii big fire, mid made tho niggera sit down on one sido of it. After wo had suppor Mae and Clarke rolled themselves up in their blankets and were soon Kouud asleep, while I I with a Snider rifle on one side of in : and a couple of revolvers in front of mo upon the grass, took first watch. I shall never forgot that night. There were thy two mates sleeping peacefully boside me, the fire blazing brightly in front, and across it over half a hundred niggors, grimly painted, looking in tho flickering light of the firo liko so mauy lost spirits. ' We were all glad when day dawned, and our jouruoy was continued iu peace. ? : .. — Yakbakcan. raB ^^b WAS. STUCK BO'3TUI.r- O3? 5PEAES THAT IT LOOKED LIKE A PIK-CUSHION. 