WINNHtfOjIER WAT. Uhaptku XIiVI.- "Wo must roturu to the hour when Alexander threw himself into his cab aud daebed back to hie .hotel. Ho did not go to bed, you may be sure. Ho had'a countryman aud an acquaint-, onco in the saino hou?e, who y/as no other than our young friend, Francis Tredegar. ' . . Mr Tredegar occupied the singular position of being on friendly terms with both Alick and Drusillni with out knowing or even suspecting the relation that thoso two bore to each other ; and, moreover, as he never happened to meutiou thp name of Lord Killcrichtoun to.Mrs Lyon, or that of Mrs Lyon to. Lord Killcrich toun, neither 0110 of these was aware of his acquaintance with tho other. Mr Tredegar had been at the am bassadress's ball, and bad returned to his hotel about tho same hour that- Alexander got baclc there. .So Alexander, instead of going directly to his own apartments, wont first to Mr Tredegar's ' room- and rapped. ' ? . ' Who's there? cried a voice within. . , ' It is I. Have you retired yet r. ? No. Come in.' ' Alick enterod, and found his friend divested of his coat and vest, and pro paring for bed. 'Put on your clothes again, Francis ; you mu?t do something for mo before you sleep,' said Alexander, walking towards the drassing-table, at which Mr Tredegar stood, with his back to ,his visitor. ' Good gracious, Alick, my dear fellow, what on earth can you want me to do for you at four o'clock in tho morning, after having made a night of it at the ball ?' laugbod Francis Tre degar, turningaroundiu much surprise; but his surprise became consternation as ho gazed on tho haggard features and ghastly complexion of his visitor. ' Merciful heaveu, AHck !' he ox claimed, ' what is the matter ? "What on earth has happened to you ?' ?I havo been iueulted, outraged, beyond all endurance! And I want you to be the bearer of a challenge from.me!' grimly replied Alexandor. ' A challenge, Alick ? Iu tho name of reason, are you mad ?' 'I wish I were! Perhaps I nin. But in a few words, Tredegar, if I convince you that I liavo been wronged to a dogree unendurable by any honourable man, will you then be como the boarer of my challenge to tho base caitiff who has so foully abused me?' ' "Why, certainly I will, Alick. In any just cause I will stand by you to the very death ! But is it really aa bad as you think ?' ' As bad as I think ! Listen.' ' Sit down, Alick, and toll mo all about it,' said Tredegar, rolling to wards his visitor a comfortable arm chair. Alick dropped into tho proffered seat. Tredegar perched himself on tho corner of the dressing-tablo. ' I will put a case, aud lot you judge for yourself. Suppose that you were devoted to a beautiful, amiable, and accomplished .woman, who was at least equally devoted to yourself ' ' Heavons ! If I could suppose that, I should be in paradise.' 'No levity,if you please, Francis ' . ' Bog pardon. I will bo as gravo as a rejected lover, or —as an accepted ono.' ''Suppose the inutunl devotion had grown up with you from infancy to maturity; and that it was consecrated by the most sacred bonds aud pledges.' ' Meaning, poctically speaking, ' bands of matrimony' and ' pledges of affection' —otherwise, practically pro sing, wifo and children.' ' No, not exactly ; but to continue. Suppose this mutual devotion to have lived on in love, aud in trust, and joy, and pentyi, until some untoward cir cumstances—your own maduoss, to wit—disturbed tho 'harmony of your rotations ; yot still, in all the discord, this mutual lovo lived on —lived on, only deepened and strengthened by separation aud suffering; lived on until, just at tlio time you were bo ginning to dream of reconciliation and reunion with your first lovo—your only love—your lifo's lovo—a base villain steps in betwoen you, and, favoured by fortune and position, dazzles the mind, and steals the heart of your beloved !' ' And is that suppository caso your own, Alick?'' ' Yes, it is. "What would you do if it were yours ?' ' I'd lot him have her! I'd givo 'em my blessing, and let'em go! But then I'm not you, Alick. If you feel inclined to call the fellow out, and give him a chanco to settle your prior claim by blowing out your hoated brains, why, that's your affair !' 'And you will have nothing to do with it ?' 'I did not say that, Alick ; quite the contrary ! You have been wronged and I will see you righted if I can — awd rightedin your own way, too.' will tako my .chal lenge ?' . ? With all my beart..To whom am I ? to tako it i' . ? To Prince Ernest of Hohenliudeu. May tho demon tly away with liim!' ? ' To Prince Ernest of Hohenlindon 1 Whowl' ' What's the. matter ?' ' He'a ad end shot—the deadliest ? shot on this side of tho ocean !' ' lhat is not sayiug much for him ! I'm a second or third-rato marksman on the other , sido of the ocean. So that makes us about equal. Will you como tp my room, Tredegar? I wish to write my cballengoi and send it off at once. No timo should bo lost in these affairs.' ' What, are you in such hot hasto. ; to meet your foe? Are your foet so 'Hw.ift to ebed blcqd?? AVill you then rush, as our. grand Fitzgreono Halleck ha* it— . ?.-.-..-'?" " To death as to a. fettivjil?" ? AlicVJ Alick! I nm eorry for you !' ' Spare your compassion,' and come to iny room,' snid Alexander, rising, nndledding tbo way through the balls and corridors that led to his own sumptuous euitoof apartments. Arrived' 'there; Alexander ._ made Francis Tredogar sit down,, while ho placed himself at his writing-desk, aiid ? pe-nnoi his cluillongo to the prince. ? ? " ? ' I shnll not have, far to eeek.at any rate,' snid Mr Tredegar, ae he received tlie 'note; for Prince Ernest has upartincnt* on this .very..floor. , 'I know, oE course, be true stop,- ping here,* Maid Alexander. 'And, now, then, if it'is a diecreot question, who .is the fnir lady for whose Hake t-?o such gallant knights are to dp battle ?' inquired Tredegar, poising the paper on his linger. ' Hut it is not a fair question, Tro degar. Tlio mime of thu lady should i lievor bo monlioned in such matters. I cannot utter it oven to you, dear Francis, , 'said Alick, gravely. ' All rights But see here I It is never that, beautiful yoiiug widow, Mrs Ijyon, who made such aeonsation as the belle of the ball last night ?' ' Bosh !' exclaimed Alexander, grow ing deadly whito, and jerking himself round in apparent' impatience, but with a real deeiro to conceal hie omotiou ; ' bosh, I say ! It is no widow for whoso sake I* wish to meet him. There is not a widow alivo in whom I .feel tho slightost interest I' ' Well, then, I think you are all at ae.i about the prince.' He thinks of no otlier woman in the world but the beautiful widow. His devotion to her was the general topic , of conversation Inst night.' ? . ? ' And 1 toll you that you aro all ' at sun,' as you call it, my dear Francis. Como ! "you hnvo taken my word for the justice of my caueo ; now take my challenge to my foo. , ? Well, that is soon done, unless he has gono to bed.' ' Thnt he has not I will ? venture, to predict. Ho is waiting my challenge. , ' As eager for tho fray as yoursolf, oh ?' ' Quito." ' But suo hero, Alick ! I promised to etatd by you in this caueo, and I will do it"; but though I bonr your challenge, I shall try to settlo this affair amicably.' ' Amicably ! It can never ' ' Oh, 1 know it would be quite uee lo3S to argue with you; but Prince Ernest may bo more nmouablo to. reason —more open to conviction. , ? Will you go ?' ' Well, yes, I am going,' said Tro dogar, leaving the room. As soon as ho was alone, Aloxander looked at the clock. It wented a quarter to live. In passing beforo his dressing-table his oye caught tho reflection of his ghastly face in tho glass. ' Good heavens !' ho said, ' I look like a a ghost already. I shall not look more pallid after that fellow has killed me—if he does kill mo —than I do now ; and that chance of death reminds mo that I must settle up my worldly affaire as quickly as I can. So saying, he sat down to his writ ing-table, took' a sheet of foolscap and a coarse pen, and began to write. He wroto a few lines in an ' ongrossing' hand, and then stopped, with a troubled brow to reflect. Thus writing and re flecting, ho complotod tho work he was on in about half an hour. Then he took r.ote-paper and an other pen, and wrote a letter, which ho placed in an envelope, sealed and directed. Finally ho sat back in his chair, and fell into deep thought. When Mr Tredegar had gone an hour, he returned, and ro-cntered the room. 'Well?' exclaimed Alick, looking up. ' Well, it is settled,' said Tredegar, dropping into n chair near his friend. ' I Found Prince Ernest oven morn resolutely bont upon the meeting than you aro. He considers himself the iuHulted party. Wheii;l requested to see him, I was admitted at onco to his chamber, where I found him. tearing up and down the floor in hi? holy shirt. If my errand hnd not been ho grave, I could liavo lnughod. He made no sort of apology for his ox- , trorno deshabille, but seemed to know, my errand. I handed him your dial- . lengo. He thou begun to rave about' tho insult that had been offorod him, and tho ' grawnd sat-008-fae-shoo-ono, , as he called it, that he would take. Lie introduced mo to his friend, Major Ernest Zollonhoffar, or some such bar baric namo, and ho told -mo , to settlo tho preliminaries of. the meeting with him. Then he diemiseod us to an ad joining room. , . ? ; ' And you settled thorn ?* 'Yes; subject, ot courso, to the approval of tho principals. Princo Ernost approves. It is now for you to pass judgment. ' It is not likely that I ahull object. Let me hear thorn, , Francis Trodognr took from his broast pocket n folded paper, opened it, aud partly read from it, and partly said— ' ' As it is not possiblo that this meet ing should tako place on English soil, it is arranged that the parties go by next train to Southampton, take the steamer, to Jersey, and proceed to tho open country between St. Aubin's and St. Heller's ; the exact spot of tho duel to bo setUod afterward. The weapons aro to be pistole. Tbo die tauco ton paces. The signals ' One —two—three.' At tho last word, ttrol' 'That will do: We must go by the eight o'clock train, which is tho next. Lot mo see; it is now a quartor past five. Wβ must .leave this house by soven, in ardor to miiko sure of our train. Tltuu wo havabilt na hourniltl .threequarters tor preparation,' said Alexander. ? But I have not rcid you all the articles yet. There is Eomothing abnut Burgeons and attendants ' ? Lot all that go. It is of minor importance, , m?id Alexander, laying hie hand upon the cord to the bell that communicated with hie valet's room. He rang loudly and repeate'dly. And presently the man mado an appear ance, half asleep and half dressed. 4 Sim ins,' said his master, * pack my portmanteau with a change of cjothoe nnd small dronsing-case. Wo go to Southampton by the eight o'clock train.' : Tho man stared a little at this un expected order: but being a well trained servant, suppressed his sur prise, aud hastened to obey bis orders. Alexauder examined his pistol-cuso, nnd, seeing that all was right, pro ceeded to prepare himself for his uuddeu journey. Francis Tredegar repaired to his own chamber for purpose. Half an hour passed.in thin manner and theu llr Tredogar returned, travelling-bag in hand. ' He found Alexander again at his ivritiug-table. ' Came here, Fraucis, my dear boy ; I want you to witness the signing of my will,' said Aloxaudor, looking around. ' You will require two witnesses,' observed Francis Tredegar, gravoly, a* ho approached the table ' Yes, I know ! Hero, Sim me. , . ? The valet camo up. In the presenco of his friend and his servant, Alexander signed his will; and then Francis Trodogar and John Sitnms siguoci as witnesses. ' Now,' Tredegar, I have named you and another one the oxeautors of this will; but I wish yon to take ehargo of it, in case Janythiugjjshould happen to me.' ' Oh, bosh !' eaid Tredegar, gayly, yet with a tremulous tone; 'these affairs seldom end fatally." But ho took tho will, aud put it care fully, in. his breast pocket. 'It is nearly soven o'clock now. I wonder if wo could get sumo coffee. Go down, Simtns, aud see, and have it brought to this room,' said Alexander. The scrvaut went on his orraud. The master turned nguin to bis friend... ' lletp,' Francis,' he said, gravoly, as hohniided tho letter he had written ; ' I wish you, iu 3ase of my death, to deliver this letter to its address. , 'Oh nonsense. Thero is going to bo nothing so solemn. You may be wounded slightly; and ae you aro a good marksman you may wound Prince Ernost seriously. That will be all,' said Mr Tredogar. But his voice tromhlud as he spoke, aud his hand shook as he took charge of the letter. ' Why, good heaven, Alick, this is directed to Mrs Alexander Lyon, Morley's Hotol, Trafalgar-squaro," said Tredegar, iu unbounded astonish ment, as he read tho address. ' Yes ; that is what she calls herself," said Alexauder, grimly. ' Aud bo it is the lovely widow, after all, who is the- cause of this hostile meotiug ?' ' I told you that no widow had any thing to do,with it. She is not a widow, Tredegar.' ' Not a widow!, and just Inow you hinted that she was not Mrs Lyou. Who is she, then, Alick ?' 'vSlieis.Lady iiillcriolitouu—sho in my wife, Trodogar.' 'Good heavens, Alick 1 Here',!. — hero is my hand ! I go with you now, heart and soul! lam not blood-thirsty, and I want no man's life; but I do hope you will cripple that fellow for the rest o£ his days, , fervently ex claimed Francis Tredegar, clapping his hand into Alexander's palm. ' ' I do not wish —I did not moan to mention hor dear name in this con nection-; but circumstances aud neces sity havo forced it from" mo. Treat it as a eacred confidence, Trodegar.' ? By my eoul I will !' 'And listen to this'; the. fault, the folly, the madness belongs to mo and to that man. She is blameless—yes, blameless as any holy angol. I swear it, by all my hopes of heavou !' Tho entrance,of tho waiter with a tray put an oud to][the conversation for the time boing. . ? . The friends took each a cup of coffee, a mui?n, and a chop, and then wont .down stair's, and entered tho cub that was.already-packed forjtheir jouruoy. . . Ukai'teh XLViI. . Aβ: Alexander and his party entered the .fly that was to tako them, to the station," thoy observed the crested coach and liveried servants of Prince. Ernest coming round the next corner. ' Ah !! said Alexander, ' wo shall be at tho station beforo them. lam glad of it. Our advance will onnblo us to' take a wholo compartment of a car riage, and avoid tho possibility of going down in thoir company.' ' But it is not to bo presumed, but that Prince Ernest will do the same thiug—will ongago a wholo compart ment for himself and suite,' answered Tredegar. ? 'IE ho can. But whole compart ments are not always to be hnd at the last moment beforo starting. Thero may chanco to bo one, and that I'will secure.' ' Thoy. woro bowling .rapidly along tbo streots as Alexander spoko. " In due tiiue they reachod tho crowded station. ' ' 'It is a notable blessing that wo aro not encumbered with luggago,' said Mr Tredegar, as thoy pressed - their way to tho first-class tickot-window. . ' Yes; what little we have cau be taken in tlio carriage with us" replied Alexauder. ? High qvor tho honds of the crowd that was bofore tbem, Francis Tred egar held his ten-pound note: and high also over thoir voices ho spoke— ' Wo want a whole compartment in a uret-clasn enrringe, if you please. . His note was taken, 'How far?' inquired tho clerk. ' Through,' answered Francis. The tickets were handed him: Francis clutched tlio.tn, and said— ' Come ! we must hurry all tho same, in order to secure ourselves.' Aβ thoy pressed outward through the crowd, they saw a servant in. the livory. of Prince Ernest pressing in wards towards tho ticket-office. And beforo they had; quite worked their way through, they heard tho man call for a whole, compartment iu a first class carriage. ' You see he is after the same thing. Let us hurry to tho train. Firetcome tii-Ht served, you. know: and there may he but ouo,' remarked Aliuk. Th?y preesed forward to tho railway platform, found a guard, and showed him their tickets, and a crowu-pieco to hurry hi? movements. The guard touched his bat, opened a carriage door, aud popped our parly into a roomy coin part men t, with uight comfortable seate. : ' Tho only wholly vucant ono ou the train, sir, I can assure you, , said the guard, pocketing bis crown, piece, touching his hat, and closing tho door. .???.-. * Ah !' whispered Alexander, '?üb bing hia hands ; ' I told you no.' It was such a satisfaction for him to think ho had been beforehand with the unlucky Austrian, who would therefore bo compelled to distribute himself aud his suite promiscuously through tho carriages. lie had no i<<en that another car riage would be attached to tho train, especially to accommodate"- Prince Ernest aud hie suite. Yet such was tho cneo. The train started. It was the ex press, and it went on at a tremendous rate. Houses, streets, Ruburbs, fields, woods, towns, lien- bobind it. How did our travellers pass the two or three hours of their journey ? They wero going down by express for tho avowod purpose of engaging iu a mortal combat. It might be supposed that their time would bo spent in sorely troubled thought. Will it be believed that it was passed in sleep ? Yet so it was. Human nature must sleep. The condemned criminalsieeps the night befure bis execution ; tho victim ou the rack has been known to sloop in tho intervals between each turn of tho screw. Alexander was going down to kill or to be killed ; Francis Tredejjar was going down to help him to meet either fnto. Yet these by no means hardened sinners really slept. Worn out by want of rest, nnd affected by tho swift motion of the train, they slept soundly, waking up only onco iu a whilo, when the train etoppedatsome unusually noiwy etation. Doubtless, on theso wakinge, both would realise, with u pang of recollec tion, tho horror of tho business upon which they were travelling; but, if so, neither gnvo a sign. IE either spoke, it would be to make somo common place remark ; as— ' Ah-yah ! I do believo I have been asleep! This dancing until four o'clock in the morning does u?o a fellow up confoundedly, , from Frnucis Tredegnr or— 'Quite a pretty little village,, this, where wo are stopping now, , from Alexander. But not one word of the grave matter that occupied both minds. As soon as tho train started, thoy would coiise talking, and soon after fall asleep again and Bleep until the noxt stoppago at- the next noisy station. Thus tho hours passed swiftly. At length thoy wore awakened by a very unusual bustle, and found them selves at an unusually largo station. ' This is a considerable town. I wonder what it is ?' eoid Francis Tro dogar, yawning, nnd looking out of the window. ' It is Southampton, and wo aro at our journey's end," answered Alex ander. ' ludeod ! "Wo have run down very soon." ' Not so very soon either. We have slept all tho way, and knew little of the flight of time. It wants but twenty minutes to eleven o'clock, and we havo but just time to catch the boat. "Whero is the guard ? I wish ho would como and open tho door and let us out. It is a confounded nuisance/thie lock ing the enrriago doors on the outside, keeping one in a sortgf flying prison,' grumbled .Alexander, looking from the window up and down the [natform for tho guard. .... " ItisEor ouo]s safoty," saidFrahcis Tredogar. 'Oh, bosh! as if I hadn't any right to risk .my own life I It is uot so pre cious to anyone, I take it. , ' Well, but granting that, other lives may bo precious to other people, nud this rulo is mado for tho safety'of all. , ?-.-.. Aβ Francis ' Tredegar spoke, tho guard came up and unlbcked the door, ? and roalensed the prisoners: 'A quartor to 11! Como, Francis, hurry—wo havo not a momont to lose if wo would catch the boat,' exclaimed Alexander, firing down tho platform, and beckoning a cab from tho stand. Francis Trodegar and Alick's valet hurried after him. : '?To" tho Guernsey steamboat lay, as fast as you can go,' was the order Alexandor gave to tho cabman, who stood, hat in hand, holding the door open. . ?'",,. The man closed the door upon tho impatient party, mounted hie sent, and started hie horse. They wero driven rapidly down the to tho wharf, whero. the Jersey aiid Guoruaoy stoamer lay, getting up her steam. They got out, paid tho cab-: man, and passed on to tho boat. 'Five minutes to ll—we havo just ?saved ourselves. But that dastard has not made his appearance yot. Is it poasiblo that he will back out at the last moment?: If he docs, £ will post him for a. coward all over Europe!' muttered Alexandor, frowning. ? ' There he comes now!' exclaimed Francis, us a carriage rattled rapidly down towards ttio boat. Ami there bo was, Rure enough. It vva? not likely that tho excitable Austrian was going to lag bcliind on such an adventure us this: Prince Ernest and hits euite stopped upon deck just one minute and a half, bo fore the gang- plank was withdrawn, the signal-gun fired, and- the started. In pussing en tho dock, tlio adver saries met fa o to face. ? Each raised his hat, with a stiff bow, and passed on—-Prince Ernest and his suite, to the forward endjof the boat, Aloxauder nud hia party to the aft. Aud they took good enfe not to meet' ugain during tho voyage. Ihoy had a fair day for their foul doed. The sky was unusually clonr, the air calm, aud tho soa smooth. The steamer ran at the rate of ton knots an hour. ??"??? Alexander and his party t>at at the stern, looking out to sea, mid reading, or prutendiug to read, the morning papers, served round by a newsboy, who had the run of the boat. Tho boat wae certaiuly not crowded. In faet, there were very few pas sengers on bonid. Aud among them Alexander and his party eaw not a face they know, except those of Prince Ernest and bis eocoiid. At two o'clock lunch was served in tho milooij. 'Willyou como down ? "\Vo have bad but a elight breakfast,' pleaded Tredegar. ' I cuunot sit at tho name table with a uiun I am about to fight, and per haps to kill,! muttered Alexander. ? ? ' Nor would he sit at theeamo table with you, it is to bo presumed. But there are probably several tables in tho saloon. Tliore goes Prince Ernest! Mis lire-eating propensities do not take away his appetite for milder food, it seems. .Let him select his table, and then lut us g-> down aud tuke some other, , euggostod Trodegar. Alexander assented- And in a few minutes thoy descended to the saloon, and took seats at a table as far as possible from that occupied by Prince Ernest. Tho luncheon was a liberal one—as good as a dinner —with soup, fish, foul, roast and boiled joint?, pastry, chouse, and fruits.' The wines wero good aud cheap, various nad abundant. ? Again, will it be credited, Aloxandor, (irmly believing that within a few hours he must kill or bo hilled, still ato aud drank freely at his Juuch. And Tredegar followed his example. Perhaps they did it that the sated stomach might soothe the brain. At any rato, when they roso from the table, they went down, to tbe lower deck, to a spot set apart aud sacred to smoking, and there they smokod out several cigars. Alter that they went to the cabin, turned into their respec tive berths, and went to sleep, and slept until tho of the first dinner-bell aroused them. They, arranged their toilottos, and went into tho saloon. And agaiu they sought seats as far as noesiblo from tho table occupied by Prince Ernest. It might have been the invigorating effects of the sea air upon our party; but they certainly sat down and made as good a dinner at eoven o'clock as if they had had no luncheon at two. Aftor sitting an hour over their wine, they each flnishodwitha cup of coffee, aud tliou went up on deck. The suit had set; but the western horizon and tho sea were still suffused with his lingering crimson light. A few stars woro coming out. Aloxauder and Francis Tredogar sat down in the after part of tho boat, and entered into conversation, talking of anything rather than of the ap proaching duel. 'What time shall we reach St.' Peter's, do you think?' inquired Alick. ?'??"?'?'. ' I have never been on this route before, bo I cannot tell you of my own knowledge. From what I have been able to pick up from observations dropped by those that are , rnoro fnmiliar with the voyage, I judge wo shall be in port somewhere'about mid night." ?So lato in the night? That will bo very inconvenient. , . ' Yes j but unless we could have arrived beforo sunset, which was cloarly impossible, we could havo done nothing more to-day. 'We must etay at. tho bent hotel to-night, aud get our li'.tle affair over in the morning.' 'The sooner the better !' muttered Alexander. . (To he? continued.) 