A WHITED SEPULCHRE. [By "CONATUS."] [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER VII (continued.) AN UNPLEASANT SURPRISE. "Who said the wire was over the top? " said Frank, sharply, convince d that the manager could solve the mystery did he choose. " I understood you to say so,” he replied confusedly, “and now, young sir, good morning. Should you still continue dis- satified with your neighbors, I can find a purchaser for your property at short notice and am determined that sooner or later, it will form part of Warandah Station.” Frank turned silently away feeling him- self quite helpless in the matter, as he knew from the managers attitude, he would make no amends for the injury sustained, and knowing if he brought the matter to court, in all probability he would come off second best, his enemy being in a position to pay for the best lawyer. Akehurst watched him ride away with a gleeful smile, saying in an undertone. "If you had come a few hours before, young man, you would have seen a mob of prime cattle ready for the truck, who will not feel hungry during the journey down. Thanks to your grass.” When Frank reached home, he found his charge engrossed in the solution of a pro- blem in arithmetic, and judging from the contortions of his features, it was a work of no small labor. He has had it corrected and returned numberless times, and has again returned to the charge. Frank seated himself at his desk looking up occasionally to en- courage his pupil, whose perseverance rouses his admiration. The boy notices the harassed look in the kind face he loves so dearly, and his tender heart aches in sympathy. “If I could only help him,” he thinks sadly. Little does he dream that in the not far distant future, he will do him the greatest service one mortal can do another. “ Mr. Frank,” he says presently, “ I think it's right this time.” “ Is it old chap?” his friend says cheerily. “ You deserve a leather medal for trying, and better still it is right. That wonderful spider of Bobby Bruce's was a duffer to you. Keep on like this, my lad, and you’ll be Premier of Victoria some day. And now as you look a bit seedy, suppose you run down and wait till the Corporal brings me a letter, I want very badly.” It seemed no time before the boy brought the looked for letter, and Frank’s faced brightened as he recognised the writ- ing. He opened the envelope and read as follows :— “No. 19, Leyden street, Brighton. "MY DEAR FRANK,— Just a line to let you know our dear Jack has met with an accident, in rescuing a lady whose horse was bolting. He is terribly injured and we fear the worst. Come down at once, as unless he takes a decided change for the better, you may be too late. Yours, in haste, MADGE." Frank had but a short time to catch the train, and soon after he received the sad letter, he was speeding off to the dark eyed girl, he loved so dearly. CHAPTER XII. SIR SILAS TO THE RESCUE. Careless their merits or their faults to scan. His pity gave ere charity began. Poor Aunt Hattie sits on the little verandah a week after Jack’s accident taking a mouthful of fresh air. Biddy has been so upset by the trouble, that after a succession of fainting fits, she has developed a violent attack of nervous hysteria, and it takes all Aunt Hattie and Madge’s time to attend the broken down child, whose frenzied screams and delirious ravings are exhausting, and wring the listeners’ hearts. “Truly misfortunes never come singly,” the poor woman thinks despairingly; “with Jack at the point of death, and Biddy almost out of her mind, the trouble is well nigh unbearable." Madge has taken her place in Biddie’s room, she and Aunt Hattie sharing the nursing there, while Maisie and Nurse Rose attend to Jack. The little gate opens, and Sir Silas Vincent comes in. He shakes hands, and enquiring for the patients says, “ It has been a terrible trial for you, my dear lady, but let us hope the worst is over now. Both doctors seem to think that Master Jack, having lingered so long, there is a faint hope of his recovery, while our little friend Biddy will soon get over the shock, and be a strong and healthy woman. If we could only regard these trials as dispensations of Providence, it would make them easier to bear.” The sympathic words bring the ready tears to Aunt Hattie’s eyes, and she completely breaks down. “ It seems so hard,” she sobs pitifully. "Poor Jack lies there as if dead. Indeed, at times I have been sure he has gone from us, and were it not for the con- fidence I have in that kind Nurse Rose, I would be afraid to leave him at all. My dear little Biddy has had no rest since the accident took place, and her terror and grief as she goes over the dreadful scene again and again are entirely exhausting her. My dear little girl, surely one trouble is enough at a time,” she adds rebelliously. “ Your nieces are hearing up splendidly, Dr. Kilroy tells me,” the gentleman says, turning the subject with ready tack. “Yes,” she replied, “they seem unable to think of anything or anybody but the sufferers, and Mr. Cameron and Dr. Kilroy are here at all times. God bless them for their kindness in sore need,” she adds gratefully. “ Who could help being kind ? ” Sir Silas says, cheerfully. “You all bear up so bravely, and now my dear madam,” he went on hesitatingly, “I want you to keep your mind free of all pecuniary troubles. It is through my daughter you are in such grief, and it is the only thing I can do, unfortunately. Aunt Hattie made no demur. Indeed she was at the stage when such matters as money and debts were miles away from her thoughts, all her faculties being concen- trated on the dear ones who were so ill. Luckily their old servant Bridget, who had faithfully stuck to them, in spite of fallen fortunes and reduced wages, was a thorough manager, and her devotion to the family as shown in the capable way she made one pair of hands do the work of two per- sons. A little history of her own had Bridget. Marrying late in life, her husband had deserted her six months after, taking with him the poor woman’s hard earned savings. She had returned to the Nolans quite prepared to end her days with them, with an unconquerable dislike to all the male species, believing all to be bad, a very frequent mistake we are all apt to make ! Sir Silas sat talking for a short time and then turned homeward. He made his way to his study, rather up- setting the plans thereby of a protege, whose father found him be- yond control, and whom it took all the philanthropist's tact to manage. Briefly dismissing the youth, he sat down, and the bland sauve expression vanished from his countenances, altering it wonderfully. Then he said half aloud. “ What a life mine has been ! Did I choose to disclose the his- tory of it, how many of these sycophants would look at me ? Truly to be rich is a good thing in this sinful world of ours. Be rich by fair means if you can, if not by any means is the motto to act upon, and they say a man's sins will surely find him out. Yet,” he adds half remorsefully, “ it is so easy for the rich to be good. However, the past is gone, with all its sin and wicked- ness, and I do not think the enemy I risked my soul to circumvent, would recog- nise the man he swore to follow into hell itself for revenge.” His face turned livid as he thought. “What if after all these years of security he were to find me at last ? Pshaw ! I'm getting as nervous as a love-sick girl. What have I to fear ? The man I wronged is sleeping his long sleep, and my relentless enemy little thinks I am living beloved and respected on the other side of the globe. I wonder,” he soliquises, “how much the girl knows. That letter I was insane enough to let her get hold of, only gave her the knowledge that I had no claim to the wealth I enjoy. She did not know that, that part of the con- fession I began to write was the least of my misdeeds. If she only knew all ! In spite of the narrow escape I had that time I will, after getting the opinion of a specia- list, as to the pain I feel here at times,” he pressed his hand to his heart, “ write a full and true account of my life. Death- bed confessions I do not hold with. I could not bear, even in dying, to feel the contempt of those who respect me so highly now. Truly,” he continued musingly, “ Fate seems to favor me. Letty dead. Strange how I loved that girl at first, and how glad I was to get rid of her, though she deserved a better fate. The boy dead, and the old man gone before he could handle the money he coveted so long.” A strange soliloquy to come from the lips of such a charitable and religious man, but proving that Sir Silas Vincent had his unhappy moments, as well as his more faulty brethren. He rang the bell and in a pleasant tone —greatly loved was Sir Silas by his ser- vants —said, “Thomas, ask Miss Vincent to come to the study, as I wish to speak to her.” The door opened and Nesta, the ghost of her former self, appeared. The black dress she wore increased the unearthly pallor of her face, which was disfigured with constant tears. She came forward in a dazed kind of fashion, and said quietly, “ You wished to speak to me?” “I wished to let you know how the young man is to-day as no doubt you are anxious." " How is he?” she asked in the same quiet tone, but a tremulous movement of the lips betrayed her emotion. “ Well,” her father replied, “he is alive still, and the doctors hold out a very faint hope of his recovery.” “ Thank God,” she said involuntarily. “ Yes,” her father said sternly, “ I only hope you feel the thanks you utter so glibly. Prove it by asking Him to bend your rebellious spirit and make you feel a little for the troubles of others. Had you yielded to my wishes and gone to that suffering woman, you would not now be tortured by the pangs of a guilty conscience, and that fine, young man would not be lying in the valley of the shadow of death. Should he die, you will have the blood of two human beings on your soul, as his sister will not survive the shock.” The girl shuddered as he uttered these cruel words, well deserved as he considered them, and her father spoke again in more gentle tones, “ Why, my child, will you not take my advice and believe that your father is your best friend ?” With a sudden movement the girl threw herself on her knees at the side of her father, and said in beseeching accents, “Father, father, why play the hypocrite with me who knows you so well? Wear your mask if you will to the outside world, and the flatterers, who are only too well pleased to be gulled, if the bribe be well gilded. Give up, I implore you this life of deceits, restore this wealth to the right- ful owner, and my life will be spent in living to anticipate your every wish. In another country we will be forgotten. Give me a chance to lavish the affection my heart longs to do, the devoted love of a child for her erring, but repentant father.” Her father’s face grew quite impassive as he listened to this affecting appeal. Then he said calmly, “Always the same scene when we are alone, Nesta. I have as- sured you repeatedly that you are laboring under quite a mistake, and can only put this hallucination to the theory of a dis- ordered brain. Rouse yourself, or before long those insane fancies will lead you to a madhouse, and it would be a poor return for the life of self-denial mine has been, to see my only child placed under re- straint, as a dangerous lunatic.” Sir Silas said no more; but, much agitated, left the room, while his daughter with a horrified look on her pale face, watched him steadily, and then, going to her room, locked the door and was not seen again that evening. CHAPTER XIII. SUSPENSE. And though at times impetuous with emotion And anguish long suppressed, The swelling heart heaves moaning like thE ocean That cannot be at rest. Frank Moreland reached Melbourne shortly before midnight, and passed the rest of the night in suspense. Early next morning he arrived at Madge’s home. He found the door ajar, and pushing it open walked quietly in. Early as it was, he was not the first visitor. Standing in the passage, drawing on his gloves, was a gentlemanly looking man with a grave, clever face, whom he concluded to be the Dr. Kilroy Madge had written so much about. He was giving some final instructions to a woman in the dress of an hospital nurse, and Frank could not help hearing part of the conversation. “Well, Nurse, it’s all we can say so far, bad as it is, and at all events, his life will be saved,” he con- cluded. “Yes,” the nurse agreed sadly, “at what a terrible price.” After which with a pleasant “good-morning” she went back to her patient, while Dr. Kilroy with an inquiring glance at Frank passed out. Our hero seeing no one about, made his way to the kitchen, where Bridget reigned supreme, and found the worthy dame busy attending to some broth. Turning round with a start of surprise, she greeted the young man with, “Ah, in- deed it’s sad trouble you find us in, Mr. Frank. Mr. Jack lying senseless, with a hole in his head, and little Miss Biddy is screaming and raging, as if she had one in hers, the crater.” “How are they this morning, Bridget ?” he asked eagerly. “Mr. Jack is better so the doctor says, and Biddy is no worse, but it’s kilt intirely with hard work the rest of the craters will be. Miss Hattie and Madge are minding Biddy, and the nurse,” here Bridge sniffed disapprovingly, having formed her own opinion of that lady apparently, “are waiting on Mr. Jack. The young craters are just gone to bed, but I’ll tell them you're here.” “ On no account," Frank said; “I’ll wait inside, till they have rested. When left to himself he pondered long and earnestly on the conversation he had overheard. What could be the meaning of it? Jack's life being saved, why should the expression ‘ bad as it is ’ have been used ? What new trouble hung over this already afflicted house ? ” He was interrupted by a soft pleased mew, and our old friend Mickey Free walked into the room. A good memory for kind friends had this same Mickey, and he proceeded to mount on Frank's shoulder, with the freedom of friendship. He had been such a nuisance crying at the door of Jack's room, where it was his custom to be ad- mitted every morning, that he had been shut up in the wash-house, and had shown his disgust by growling and spitting at faithful Bridget, when she fed him. He had proceeded to extremities this morning, and electrified the poor woman by flying at her face. She had started back in terror, and slipping past her, he had beaten a victorious retreat from the durance vile, telling Frank as plainly as he could, of the indignities that had been heaped upon him. Madge, after a couple of hours rest, woke up, and proceeded to dress herself hurriedly, anxious to hear the latest bulle- tin from the sick rooms, and to her great joy found her lover waiting for her. They had a long talk together, Madge describing how the accident had occurred. “It was a terrible time,” she said, “ but our friends helped us so much. We were, of course, heartbroken, but Nesta’s grief was terrible to behold. Her father comes every day and has insisted on bearing all the expense of the illness.” Mr. Cameron came in on his daily visit and announced that he had met Dr. Kilroy; who said Jack was out of danger, but that it would take time before he would be restored to health and strength as of old: “ How pleased Auntie will be ?” Madge exclaimed joyfully. “ I am sure Biddy will soon be well now. How thankful we ought to be," she added with a shudder. “ We so nearly lost our two dear ones. Here is Sir Silas. I am indeed glad to see him and tell the good news for Nesta's sake.” The tall erect figure soon appeared, and as Madge joyfully retailed the favorable verdict, Frank gazed with interest at her new friend. The voice and face were strangely familiar, though he was positive they had never met before. The very movement of the hand as he talked was not new, and he stared in bewilderment, utterly mystified and perplexed, till interrupted by Madge's laughing voice say ing, “Frank, whatever are you thinking of ? This is the third time I have tried to introduce Sir Silas to you.” The young man confusedly explained, that he was trying to bring to his recollec- tion, who it was Sir Silas so strikingly re- sembled that he quite forgot where he was. “ Pray don't apologise,” the gentleman said blankly ; “ probably the likeness to which you allude, might be ascribed to the fact that we had before met.” “ No,” said Frank still perplexed, still noticing his strange manner was causing embarrassment to his beloved Madge, he roused himself and joined in the conversa- tion. “ How is Nesta to-day ? ” inquired Madge. “ Not very well, my dear young lady,” he replied kindly. “ She has been suffering such agonies of suspense, that I must lose no time in letting her know the good news.” CHAPTER XIV. AN OLD MAID'S ROMANCE. There comes a mist and a driving rain And life is never the same again. It was a very weak and feeble Biddy, who opened her eyes to consciousness that afternoon, and Dr. Kilroy had warned Miss Fortescue, that she was not to be allowed to talk at all. “ Reassure her that all is right, and give her this draught, but above all things keep her perfectly quiet,” he had said, “ and her recovery will be rapid.” Aunt Hattie with beating heart smiled calmly, when poor little Biddy opened her eyes, saying, “ Where am I ?” in a puzzled tone. “ You've been asleep darling. Drink this and you'll feel better,” but the blank expression changed to a look of terror, as she gasped pitifully, “ Jack ?” “ Getting on well darling, only worried over you. He was not as much hurt as we feared. You must made haste and get well, and help to nurse him.” She took up her knitting, and Biddy with a relieved sigh, went to sleep. Grateful tears fell from the good woman's eyes, as she thought how nearly the Grim Terror had won the battle. “ Only let them get strong and well as they used to be, and I will never repine again,” she said sadly. As she keeps watch by her darling’s side, Aunt Hattie's thoughts go back to her girlhood's days when the man she loved so dearly, kissed her fondly one bright morning in the green lanes of England. He was going to London to finally settle matters with a gentleman who would purchase his farm, after which they were to leave the dear old village, and start their married life in the land of the Southern Cross. He was crossing a busy street in that noisy city, when he saw an old woman on the point being run over by a hansom. He rushed forward and dragged her out of danger, but was knocked down by a brewer’s waggon, and in a few seconds what had been a strong vigorous life, glowing with hope and happiness, was a bleeding mass of mortality crushed beyond recognition, and the sweet girl who loved him so dearly, never saw him again. When she rose from her sick bed, an altered woman, the day that was to have seen her stand before the alter a happy bride, saw her beside a grave, on which was a simple cross bear- ing the inscription, “ Gilbert Fernley, aged twenty-eight years.” Such was the his- tory of one dispised old maid, who believes “ 'Tis better to have loved and lost, than never to have loved at all” She knits on mechanically, and remem- bers how rebelliously she took the burden of life up, but Time is a wonderful healer, and now it is a tender memory sweet to think over. Gilbert Fernley had one sister, Violet or Lettie as they called her, a beautiful frivolous girl, idolised by her brother, but fond of admiration, and full of vanity. At the age of twenty-one, coming into her little fortune, she determined to go to Australia on a visit, greatly against her brother's wishes and advice. A school- mate lately married having decided to go there, and Lettie would be quite safe with Mr. and Mrs. Redfern. Accordingly they started but Mr Redfern died at sea, and his heart-broken wife followed him three weeks after they landed in Sydney. After this piece of news, no communication whatever had they received of the missing girl. All enquiries that Gilbert made proved unavailing, beyond the fact, that she had landed in Sydney. They had written to Mr. Nolan, but he could find no trace of her, Gilbert made arrangements as quickly aa possible to follow his sister where he fondly dreamed she would be found, and live so happily with his wife arid himself. Poor Hattie arrived in Aus- tralia broken-hearted and alone, in time to receive Biddy from the arms of her dying mother, and never again heard of the sister of the man she loved who van- ished so mysteriously. She spent her life in caring for the motherless children, and never did human being carry her cross more bravely, than ness, was so rudely shattered. CHAPTER XV. A TERRIBLE AFFLICTION. Oh fear not in a world like this, And thou shalt know ere long, Know how sublime a thing it is To suffer, and be strong. Three months have gone by, and too well does Frank Moreland now know the meaning of the mysterious conversation he overheard, between doctor and nurse. Jack Nolan has been restored to his wonted health, but intellectually he is a wreck. The violence of the blow on the head has irreparably injured the brain, and one of the greatest afflictions possible to mankind has been visited upon him. The anguish of his relatives is keen indeed, but they , still refuse to believe, that as time goes on he will not get better. The sad verdict has been religiously kept secret from Biddy, who now quite recovered from her illness, has been staying at Acland for the past two months, and in the pure country air is gaining renewed strength every day, her weekly budget being full of vivid and glowing descriptions of wonder- ful adventures. Little does she dream of the trouble her dear ones are fighting so hard against. The highest and most skilled opinions have been obtained, and are unanimous. The merciless fiat has gone forth. Unless a Wise and Beneficent Being performs a miracle indeed Jack Nolan, thoroughly robust and strong, and likely to live the allotted span, will pass his days in a state of mental darkness. “ It is a sad state of affairs indeed,” the young doctor had said in a voice broken with emotion, “ but, in spite of the adverse opinions of my brother doctors, I have a hope, faint indeed, that time will help him a little. In the meantime he must be humored as much as possible, and not in any way excited. Poor Jack indeed, was in a sad condition. His mind seemed clear enough on certain points, and he he would talk quite rationally for a time, when suddenly a subject quite at variance with what was being discussed would be started by him, and the same perfor- mance gone through again. In his many fits of irritability and passion, for the sweet temper and winning way had quite gone, a word from Nesta Vincent would calm him at once, and knowing the plea- sure he took in her company, the girl spent all her leisure with the brave fellow, who had lost far more than life in saving hers. He sits in the little room, which has been fitted up as his own particular sanc- tum busily engaged in pulling an old clock to pieces, the works of which he is arranging in some complicated fashion, that it would take a sensible person all his time to understand. Maisie comes in quietly and her eyes fill as she notices his intentness. “ Well, Jack, dear, how goes the in- vention ?” she inquires, smiling bravely. “ Pretty well,” he replies complacently. “ It’ll do all right when it’s finished.” Judging from the manner in which the inventor works, it will be a long time be- fore the invention will be patented. The wonderful ideas of to-day are to-morrow remorselessly overthrown for better, and the work which to the uninitiated, bears the aspect of pieces of leather, wheels and the workings of a clock tied together in picturesque confusion, is in reality at a standstill, as the result of his day's labor will be pulled to pieces most religiously afterwards, and though hard at work through all his working hours, the mode of performance does not tend to rapid completion. The faithful Mickey spends all his time with his afflicted master, and disarranges many important complications by play- fully rolling the numerous wheels out of position, thereby bringing down the vials of wrath on his devoted head. Maisie leaves her brother absorbed in his work, and seeing the Reverend Mark through the window admits him herself. She looked hesitatingly at the young man and then|said, “I would like to speak to you for a few minutes Mr. Cameron if you can spare the time.” He sat down and looked at her kindly. Nobody knew how fondly the young clergyman loved the bright little woman, who gazed so trust- ingly at him, Mark Cameron not being the kind of man to disclose his love to any woman, till he could see his way to support her in comfort, but once he could obtain the hoped for living, and gain her consent, Maisie Nolan would soon reign as mistress of his home. “ Mr. Cameron,” she said, “I have often heard you speak of the Stewart-Noels of Glendon station. I noticed an advertise- ment in the Argus to-day for a governess. Could it be the same family? The address was ‘Glendon,' Kew .” “Yes,” he replied, “Mrs Stewart-Noel told me she was not satisfied with the one she had, and asked if I could recommend anybody. Not being able to do so, I supposed she ad- vertised.” “Mark,” the girl said eagerly, “ will you get the situation for me?” “You, Maisie,” he exclaimed, his heart sinking at the thought of this sweet womanly girl at the mercy of a vulgar purse-proud woman, as he know Mrs Stewart-Noel to be. “Yes,” she said earnestly, “we’ve had a long talk together about ways and means. Sir Silas has insisted on allowing Jack two pounds a week, till he is quite recovered. Aunt Hattie has her little income which will just pay the rent, and Madge and I have decided to go out as governesses. I would prefer to go in for nursing, but cannot afford to wait so long without a salary, so if you would use your efforts on my behalf, I would be so grateful,” “ I'll go and see Jack for a minute,” he said quietly, “and then go to Kew at once. ” On the way to “Glendon” Mark thought a great deal of the family who had an added interest for him since his conversation with Maisie.* Mr. Stewart-Noel had been among the early settlers in Victoria, and had married late in life. His youth had been passed in a succession of privations and hardships, but success had crowned his efforts, and he was now one of the wealthiest squatters in the Western district. Of a quiet, unassuming disposition, uni- versally respected, he was a typical squatter caring little for the ostentation and show which were his wife’s ruling passions. He spent most of his time on the station, and was never so happy as when riding round the thus watching his cattle and sheep. His wife had been a barmaid in a bush shanty when she met her husband, so her enemies whispered. Be that as it may, the lady never referred in any way to her unmarried life, but contented herself with volubly dilating on her wealth and position. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 