Show. Good rains. Socialistic ire. The Labor split. " Irish soldiers." . Wheat improving. Evictions in Clare. Election to-morrow. " Sign of the Cross." Repudiating the past. Literary competition. Charleston or Hutchison. Nixon committed for trial. Ben Tillet on the warpath. Another rich lind at Kalgoorlie. Sir George Turner convalescent. 103 guineas given for a stud ram. Outer harbor again brought forward. PriceB for wool expected to improve. Engineers' strike extending to Scot land. Mr. Lipton beseiged with offers of mar riage. Further rising in India said to be un likely. How many readers have heard of the crannogc ? " Callisto " disposes of cremationist ar guments. Successful prize-winners announced by Aunt Eily. '98 Committee in Ireland , not a repre sentative body. The late Dean Kennedy established the Catholic Monthly. Federationists in Sydney plunged into a vortex of gaiety. Father McKenna tries to stop the evic tion fiend at work. Hon. G. McGregor elected a member of the I.N. Federation. A decree of the Church calls cremation (< a detestable abuse." St. Dympna, a holy virgin of Ireland, to be honored shortly. Mr. G. H. Reid covering himself with glory at the Convention. The " wearing of the green " is still a crime in the English army. Seventy-five police assist in the work of evicting starving tenants. Special excursions from Eroken Hill for the " Sign of the Cross." C<mon Littledale repudiates all con nection with the Reformation. Electric light to be installed in the main Btreets of Kalgoorlie in a fortnight. For thirty years Ireland has been clamoring for a Catholic University. Miss Flora Shaw, the colonial editor of the Tines, is an Irishwoman and a Catho lic. Ben Tillett went without his midday meal for seven years in order to buy books. Mr. Kingston's telegram shows that he has not lost the power of giving hard blows. Mr. Glynn invited to deliver a lecture on Edmund Burke, at the I.N. Fede ration. During last month four attempts were made on the life of President Faure of France. Annual Novena to the Holy Ghost decreed to take place before Whit Sunday. The Kingston-Charleston letters Bhow the warmth of feeling during the Hospital trouble. Mr. Webb considers the word "distin guished" before Irish soldiers is quite unnecessary. Rev. F. J. Adamson has been enrolled as an officiating Minister under the Marriage Act. The J&etormers;, according to a nign Anglican authority, were " utterly unre deemed villians." Professor Harnack, the great biblical student, admires the beliefs and practises of the Catholic Church. Cardinal Moran occupied a seat on the right of Lord Hampden at the Federa tion banquet on Tuesday. St. Augustine says, " the bodies of the dead belong to the Providence of God." What say the cremationists ? Miss Logue, sister of His Eminence Cardinal Logue, died June 3, at the Cardinal's residence, Armagh. It is hoped that the entertainment of the Federationists will not interfere with the work of the Convention. Mr. Balfour agrees that the demand for a Catholic University in Ireland is urgent, but will promise nothing definite. St. Joseph's Catholic Church, Colling wood, was burglariously entered on Tues day night, and the altar plate stolen. The Archbishop of Boston, who recently had an interview with the Pope, says the Pope feels stronger than, he . did ten years ago.' Mr.. William O'Brien says that the elected representatives of the Irish: people appear to be wholly and designedly excluded from the '98 Centenary Com mittee. Mr. Ben Tillett says if his mother and the Queen were in danger of losing their lives, and he opuld save only one, he would sieve his mother. Did anybody exroct he would do otherwise 3 The organ of the-Christian Endeavors, the .'' Qolddh^Mhb!,*'^ complains that the increase durihg' the year was only 100 cdpies.,', 'IZ"Cros?. wpuld. he decidedly pleased. at such' a state of affairs. 