jiTHMNEL UNDER THAMES. . JHE x Few jVopb.' outside, the. metix'polis. 3-r>.d : not many deople Lrmdom-rK, know deep down beneath the bed of the Tasffif-s, for .raor-.- than two years past, a iJSrJe army 01 i®n has bvi-jn busy, wef* alter v.-t^-k. -Month after month, day night, drivihg east and west the twib tunnels that are destined ultimately «o- connetV W^erloo wttfo the City. , The and Visile sign of this gigantic t&#ertakiiD& is ,the ibiflaense' wooden staging whiclt res-sis its contorted form above the muddy waters of the river just noi'36 of Blackfr'ars Bridge ; and thither r one morning, -secently, r Jie writer wenrt^d'- 13 is way. armed w& T h the necessary'permit to view "the work's. There is one and one only. 1r> get to the tunr&:i&\- And that is by climbing down an apparently endi'«3fe series of ladders, aifofsfrf against the reside of a sort of gigf.iitttv drain-pipe—technically termed a c?offerdam—whJ;h ; has been sunk thro\r«n the Thanus--' mud, beneath the river-iSed, deep dov-iV'into the greasy, blue tvky upon \vliic;r.I^mdbn stands. Jt is a3r eerie feelinj-*' The round blotch of bli^ sky above smaller and smaller "as I descend. The darkness becomes m*re and more pVofound. At first the listening ear cat .-iies perforce the swish, s.Vfeh, swish, of the river, plashing sullen^ round the outside of the big, cast-iron tube. Then silence. Then, after a long interval, the sound of voices cortses floating i:f> from the bottom 01 the- well, mingled witli' tire clanging of iron against iron, and tiie muffled throbbi^ of a pair of gigantic pumps. Presently I reach the foot of the shaft, and, after donning a suit rf workman's clothcs. plunge into one of ! the yawmng CAYERNS THAT URAMCH OFF in either 1 direction. It is n>ft an altogether pleasant experience. At intervals a bulb lamp throws s ghastly splotch of white against the grey concrete waifs; and makes a kfeeble attempt to penetrate a few feet into the surrounding gloom. Elsewhere it is darkness—darkness that may almost be felt. It is quite dry. howeverr for the tunnel along-which 1 am slowiy" making my way is ire*reality nothing m&re; than igantic drain-pipe laid east and west beneath the oed of the river. Only it is an empty-pipe, into which 11 water from the outside is allowed to- percolate. I light a cigarette, and am beginning to feel quite comfortable, when all of a sudden the two tiny steel rails' that un along the centre of the floor of the tunnel begin to-quiver and hum: a, red light, like unto a monster eye, appears suddenly in the near distance, and" the next instant I am jerked sharply back ainst the wail;" and "a whisper—which is really a shout; strangled at its bfrth by the approaching roar of the locomotive—bids me make myself as small ks possible. Needless to say, I obey my guide with alacrity, and a moment later perky-looking little engine dashes past, trailing behind it a long row of 'skips" filled wiih freshly- excavated clay' It Is worKed by electric power with an overhead "wire, the steel raits upon which the engine runs completing the circuit, and tfrfere is much splutter - of blue and" red sparks under the wheels as it disappears in the direction of the shaft. . -~ Twenty minutes" sliaip walking, ana we find our further progress barred l>y a solid mass of masonry—more than 7i-. thick my guide te'iK "me—111 tlve centre of which is A OIRCITLAE STEEL DOOR. 4 This is an and-through' if we must pass if we desire to continue our explorations: all work 611 the other-side 1 being performed under compressed-air. While we are waiting the arrival of the lock-keeper, my guide explains brielly the system under which this compressed : air is employed to prevent the water bursting in." " It is-all very beautiful and -simple—in theory. The engineers know, or are supposed to know, liow many million cubic -feet of water and waterbearing strata are above their tunnel: and, to counteract the downward pressure of the superincumbent mass, they pump into that portion of the works situated between the air-lock and the tunnel-head a certain extra quantity of air. The difficulty is. olaooiirac. to jin'pw® just when to stop. .If j^u purap iny 'tpa; little the resultant pressure' is Insufficient, and the water comes in: too much, and you are liable to blbw up the bed of the river. It is not exactly a nice sensation—thajof going through an air-lock for the first time. If we could conceive of a man. living all his life on the top of Mount 351am-. suddenly transported to sealevel, it is probable lie would suffeimucli as I did." As soon as I tVas seated- -in the empty lock—which .by the way, is much like the interior of a big. empiy boiler—and the AIR'^EGAN TO%L?SlT IN". a series k extraiordidary ind e x c lugly painfni^ensations"^roiii^ themselves ¥hanifest: ' Tlie drums bf'm ears were forced in until it seemed as ifthey must- burst: and my entire todyfelt as if swathed in some gigantic, close-fitting and yet invisible shroud: which was being drawn tighter aiid' tighter by <i giant's grip until tlie -bloocTLalmost ceased to circulate. But; " worstof all. was a horrible sense "of impend - ing suffocation, due to the lungs- being unabie all at once to accommodat-e themselves to their new environment-. I was just about to cry out that I- couKt bear- it no longer, when the rtish of the Incoming air-blast grew perceptibly less: and finally ceased altogether, ih-? door opposite to that by which we jen^" tered was swimg open, and we weje again, walking about undo, »an air-i.iressure of 301b tc-. t-lie square inch. A l : t*«' moments sufficed - to take tts to the tunnel head, where dozens of ha.it'- naked. Ijrawny giants are delving away into the unknown. There is. 110 11m pipe above our heads now: Nothing-but a thin layer of day-iaBtfiffliia,"and ,,thi sullen waters of the Thames, kept from overwhelming us only by that mysterjous. invisible, and yet fearfully potent air-pressure. By this.'time, however. I suffer no inconvenience. The compressed air has penetrat-ed to every part of my s\svem. the pressure within and without the boiiy is equal, and I feel practically the same as before I passed through the lock. There is a difference, however, and snide convinces m^ of it by a curious little experiment worked by myself. Bt; bids me whistle, any when 1 uhediently make yie attempt, I find that I can only succeed in producing a slight hissing sound, the eery ghost of a whittle. a* it "were. Evidently my luags were not used to expelling air nade" double pressure. L.uckily. 110 smali boys are employed in this part of the aunnt-1. or what would become of thev* under this restraint It is difficult to Conceive. Another curious fact! The l»en find it practically Impossible to h*>jfc water, the boiling point being 424i\\. or precisely double what it is outsit, A few drops heated to this pitch \vould burn 011? like vitriol. The passage back through the air-lock Is to-oovnplished "wtth'nu any untov.a-..l IficidSiJt. aind t vv 1 • ri tjsjfin inujtcs lat-r X an? -sfctini? inrStfre private office the" gineer c<i" tire works, jolting doc it a f<?\\\' f.tatist'Vss. The first: pil^ of the -'cofferdam" was. it appears, driven on 20th June, ixft, and excavating began in f^ovemt."!- following. Tiff tunnels are J2ft Sin in sliameter. and ar. constructed on what i* known, as the tabular system, i.e.. ca- ii tunnel is practS^aliy one immense pJ?«? "f wrought ire?-. Imbed together in j*-gmer.ts. arid 15r«i# throughout With cc-.-KTlt. The tot«S V-ngth i?f the-line fro Waterloo to the Mansion House will Ijx a-mile and .a Jjatf. and there will be S-o- intermediate jffaiions. and, of course- w stoppages en ?»ate.— "London D a i l y f " 