' A Miracle In Sydney. Case Investigated uy a Scoiie or People AND TOUOHED VOll BY A PltOMIHEMT Memiieu of Pauliamest. LocosiOTon Ataxia loxo Cossideued In OUltAHLE BY TllE- FlllST PlIV8I0IAN8 OF toe Woiau. has at Last Been ? CosauEnED. A GlVEAT YlOTOHY F011 Dll. WILLIAMS1 TlKK ; Pills. (Emm tho Auslralhn Workman. On Thursday af tornobn, our roproscntntivo modo his way to tlio hiimhlo honip of Mr. Thoinns Jump, 45 Crnwn-lnno, Ultimo. Ho was diacoruri'd i.ursing n two- yoarold baby, and his fnco declared Jiim to ho ono of tlio faappfost raun in &ytmay.; Ho n-ns up and about and ablo to ntswer tuo hiiock nt tno floor.. Although p-ifttand hearing still tho inarbs of d': critical illlBubs, mid n period of pain, it was vory oli'iirjhnt ho was an invalid on tho rapid road to yr-vnipprinncn. . j. In tpply to tho-iy/liminnry quostiona. ho '?eaid : *'vYou . want I u know all about my oaoo 1 * jVoll, I niu.ilrM'of on opportunity to t(-ll you.' Tho fnctsTiKw hoof valuo tothoso who nro stricken as I was.' ' ' How long woro ynufeufloring ?' ' Well twolvo month 4 ago I got so bad that I had to loavo off/work, and I havo dono nothing sinca the*. About Bro yours sgo, next Oliristmas, If net with an accident; 'I wns badly scnUod whilo talcing a bath iu Pitt-street, Sydney. \Sinco tho accidout I havo been in failing henJth, and oftor four years gradual development of tho malady, I was forced to give up mribillet at tile Qlebo Island.' 1 ' What woro tho Byrnfitorns ?' 'Simply indoscriba/le. Tho pains wero somothing terrible. 'Jjhey wero just about as much hs I could brihr. Thoy woro for all tho world lrko as if ajeaw wero cutting my bones in two in ovorySjart of m0. j had no control ovor my bowols ior bladder, and wns teds incessantly eliivoringmnd shaking, and could. noithor cat nor Bl/op. On the 23rd March last I saw a well/known doctor and ho told mi- that my enso tras utterly hopeless. 'Howovor, ho gavo mo an order to iho Director of Choritablo Institution.' '' Did you make uso of tito order ?' 'No , I cnniOjlionio sijd unit to bed, and .ha»o been pretty'%«llr»fl\bed nip sinio Eivo wooks nan 1 ci-uT4-oofl\viilk ncross thn flo r , in fni t, I u uld ntit'tt t out of bod I fell then thnt it wna nlliirffr with mo and only a q.iostion of days /hen I w.uil.1 giw ^Nip the ghost. My doot/r nna attoiidingmn, nSd did all ho could, h/ opium nud morphia . pillt, to enso tho og-fy I w'ns in. I whs QundU him for fivo or Vis weeks, llu camo 'to jfco conclusion tliatlVrns suffering from [ Lorauiotorntnxin.or Prlgrossivo lociniotor \ ataxy, a disbnso of the *innl cord, churno J t--risi^ by n.eeujinr'TystifiJinnces of gait, and l difficulty inict)5ordin'aung voluntary movo * monB^.Hp tohfnjo tlilit I'might last for ton \ years, *d that I mightonvor got tho uso of J my log . (Just thon thoVntiont kicked his \ logs at out with onoriry toehow that medical J opinio : is not.infalliblo/ Well, just as a \ drown ng man will grasp ot n straw, I I granpf d'nt an idea conv/i od by tlio advertise * merit loscribing the cufooffoctod in tho enso of fine Iior lioiIor'DifiKOPm^tiifjlflHQi wuicli I rend n tho Atulralian llprkman, by Dr. Willii ms1 Pink Pills for l'nft People I road * to fit my own. I dotoniined to givo tho Pink 1 ills a trial anyway, nod sent for a box. K inngiral. T was nblo to oaf and sloop as tt thougli nothing wns tho mnt|*r with me. It uVis th i first uppbtiio nun*^ rost I had for mniiy a day. It wus incredible. I imrao s^ld/atcly nft tho bed and wus able to movo ahout. I hnvo taken four boxes of Pink Pillx du inn tho pnst four wcoks, and am now Inkiijg I10 fifth, box. I can walk about with: tho aijji! a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my fnrmor vigor and vjtnlity. Y»u sbo those crutches thoro ? Thoy oro porfoutly uow, and I havo novor UBod them. Thoy wero niado l'or mo boforo I got tho Pink Pills but. I was too weak to uso tlie-n, nnd ii'W I don't wnut them. All I . wnut, is tliisBlick,' nnd I hopo soon to do ' without it. You see I am rapidly regaiuing my strength.' . V .JL1 Ho\is 100 pot c nt^bottoF,^ snid Mrs. JoEyis, wjio hud ebmo in'rt^d talcon the baby 'on Tier knees. 'Tho Pinl^E^Wfl^iiavo saved his UQMmd mndo another uutu of him.' A HJpud who culled in 11 1. til is point, said .that Jakvis looked ton yoarsyoungor that day than ho did a fortnight previously. ?' I cau now,' continued JnrviB ' havo a cold bath, and all tho feeling have come back in my Ings. If I koop on going tho way I am, I hopo to ho ablo to rosumo my work as n boiler maker, nud yuuknow I havo to ho in tbo vory pink of health and strongth to work at that trado. I am hotter to-day than I havo boon nt any time during tho oust fivo years I ascriho all tho chnugo and boni'fit to those Pink Pills. Tlmy hnvo saved my lifo. I am in no pain now whatever, nnd fool litte a now man. On tho mantolpieco there is a box of opium nnd morphia pills which tho doctor gavo mo to doadeu tho ox oruointing pain. But thoy can stay whoro thoy are, for I no longer need them. Evory body who knows'ine has huuu amazed at tho ohunge in mo. Thoy can hardly boliovo their eyes. My buing about again has caused .quite a sousatiou out horo.' Such is tills- romarknblo history, and it confirms what iu said in ull tho chief news papers of this country »f tlio astonishing .ouroa 'wrought by Ur. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Poople. Tnoy cura locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, nnd «pi«al disoaso, also tho ?ninny disorders which urrivo from an'itn povorished stato of tho bloud, such asaaccmia, palo and sallow cbrnjiRxiou, goneral mus oiilar weakness, iudigfiition, loss of uppitito, shortness of broath, Vinins in tho bock, norvous hondnche, etc. y Mr. J. S.T. M'GowpJ londor of tho Labor party in tho N.S.W. Apombly was soen by our roporter in connoctlon with tho remark able caso of Thomas OTdtvis! Mr. M'Oowon says ho has known Jarvls from infancy. Ho also know that ho had toVvo up his work at 6I0D0 Island abattoirs twblvo mouths ago, owing to n malady which Ua dovolopod. Ho afterwards hoard that Ja/is wns bed-riddon. and Hint thero wns little chanco of his rpcovory. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to tho SydnoyVFIospital, as his case had boon prouounced 1 inourablo. Mr. MQowou was, thoroforf liko ovoryono olso who knew tho facts, natoundod nt tho com pinto recovory of Jarvi/. Dr. Williams' Pinli Pills aro obtainable from nil lending cheinisV or from tho Dr. Williams' Modioino Cofc., Quoon's Placo, Sydnoy, who will for/ard (post paid) on receipt of stamps or pW ordor 1 box for 28'Jdoridozon for Ms^d. 