J&.TST OPEN LETTER TO MR. WILLIAM MOGFORD HAMLET, Government Analyst. ? ♦_ — Sib, — You practice and profit as a professional expert, in which capacity 1 regard yon as a reproach and menace to the administration of justice — an expression of opinion which I intend to fully justify. This letter is intended as a public impeachment of yon in your capacity as an alleged analytical chemist, and as a protest against you as a professional witness in the Courts of Law. I do not propose to directly impeach your professional veracity so mnch as to challenge your profes eional ability, which is such a mere modicum as not to be worth mention ing were it not that it suffices to make yon a most mischievons man in the witness-box, where you have many times posed — perhaps unconsciously— as the arbiter of the fate of men and women being tried at the bar of justice for their liberty and their lives. \- In this capacity.as an ' expert' wit ness I believe— and intend, to prove — that you have done mnch harm ; and my main motive in thus publicly pillorying you is, peradventure, to deprive you of the power of doing evil in the future as you have in the past. Mind you — and mark me well here — that I do neither accuse yon of malice nor of corruption in your capacity as a professional 'expert.' I merely brand you as ignorant and incompetent. You are an illustrious example of the truth of the adage : 'A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.' You know something about chemistry, and if you confined yourself ?/to the laboratory you might do little or no harm to any but yourself. But when you presume, as you do, to per sistently and perpetually thrust your pelf into public prominence in your Assumed capacity of professional ' ex pert ' witness, you become a nuisance 'and a menace, as I shall prove to the public in a few plain words. i m ? First of all, let us understand the (leaning of the word ' expert,' under (Inch you have so long masqueraded b the witness-box. Generally speak ng, an ' expert ' is ' one who has ikill, (experience, or extensive know ledge in his calling or in any special branch of learning.' The Law-term for an expert is ' Specialist'— i.e., 'one in a particular profession or department of science requiring for. fto mastery peculiar culture and erudi tion.' It is laid down in what the law yers call ' the books,' and ia Webster (by far the best authority), that *' Such specialists may be witnesses in . (natters as to which ordinary observers fcould not ? ithout such aid form just conclusions, and are liable for negli gence in case they injure another from want of proper qualifications or -proper care in the exercise of their Speciality,' Of your culture and erudition I will not dispute, they being in my mind matters of grave dubiety; Your ' particular profession or department of science ' is chemis try, and your claims to be regarded as h reliable Specialistthereih, can-behest goaged by the recapitulation of the lalient features of alleged expert ovidenca givenJpc you in several cases, Wherein yoiMlive — as I shall show — ? (educed the functions of the specialist to a farce. However cultured and erudite yoU may be in the Laboratory, -n \lic '«? UK'Hh-nox, your 'special' lance to the clownish eccentricities of another kind of ' expert,' described by the author of ' Hndibras,' and of whom Butler says :— 1 He could dUli iguish end divide A heir, 'twixt south end south-west side. For fie by geometric sale Could take the size oi pots of ale, And wisely tell whet hour o' th' day The clock does strike by Algebra. Whatever ueptfc could iuquirefor. For every why he hud a wherefore, Where entity and quiddity The ghosts of defunct bodies fly. He knew what's what, and that's as high, As metapbysic wit can fly. Such as take lodgings in a head That's to be let unfurnished. Your pragmatical dogmatising as an expert witness in the courts of law marks you down as a lineal desendaut of Hudibras, who, by the way, flourished. When pious frauds snd holy shifts Were dispensations and gifts. # * Now that we have got a pretty clear definition of an ' expert,' coupled with an opinion (my own, which you are not bound to take for more than it is worth) of your incapacity and in eptitude, let us proceed to the proofs, which I promise you shail be ' strong as proofs of holy writ.' Something more than two years ago, you gave the public a taste of your quality as an expert witness, when you gave evidence in the celebrated Dean Case, in April, 1895. George Dean was tried at Darlinghurst, before the late Judge Wixdeyer, for attempting to poison his wife by administering arsenic. Yon were called on behalf of the prosecution to give evidence as to the result of the chemical analysis made by you of the contents of a bottle of lemon syrup, and other things taken from Dean's house. In the coarse of your evidence, given on the 4th of April, the first day of the trial, you, according to Judge Windeyer's notes in the case, declared that : Two aud a half grains ia a fatal dose ef arsenic. One-half grain of etryobnine is a poisonous dose. The mixture of strychnine and arsenic would cause one to counteract the other. There's your evidence, extracted word for word from the notes of the Judge wko. presided at the trial, cpn cerning the action- T»f the two poisons concurrently administered to the same person — that this is what you really said is proved beyond all shadow of cavil or doubt by the fact, that in his notes towards . the end of the case, Judge Windeter emphasises the point and significance of yonr evidence by the following additional entry : Hamlet says the quantity is a little over two ounces (alluding t» the syrup said to be impreg nated with arsenic aud strychnine). That would not be a fatal dose, bat a dangerous dose. There wonld be half a grain of arsenic in a table spoonful of tonic. The strychnine would modify the arsenic, to which it is antagonistic, and would counteract it. There you are pinned down in two places to the clear and definite asser tion that arsenic and strychnine are antidotal one against the other, that is to say, that strychnine being adminis tered to a person who had taken arsenic would beneficially counteract the effect of the arsenic, and vice versa, or, in other words, that arsenio and strychnine are antidotes one to the other. Such was the sort of, expert evidence which you, as a Specialist ou the nature aud effects of poisons, gave for the prosecution in the case of a man being tried for bis life. The scientific world of Austrilia at anvrate was scandalised and shocked by such outrageously unscientific and absolutely absurd assumption by a man — by yoa, Mr. Mogfokd Hamlet — who; cook1 -'iurtify hi-, evidence in the witness-box at the trial or ' man for his life, by the following declaration : ' I am the Government Analyst ; and have had twenty-three years expe rience ; am a Fellow of the Institute of Chemistry of Great Britain ; and have other Fellowships.' That por tion of the public npt sufficiently scientific . to bo shocked and scandal ised by the manifest absurdity of your new antipathetical theory concerning two notoriously sympathetic poisons, were outraged at the bare thought that a man's life, or. liberty should be in any way affected by the evidence of such a preposterous specialist as you were proved to be on this particular occasion. * * * So utterly contrary to all expert chemical arid medical knowledge was your theory of the antidotal effects of strychnine and arsenic felt and known to be, that it was deemed necessary to metaphorically ' knock you on ^jjgg head' as an expert once and for VHF By order of the Dean Commission, before which yon gave evidence on four separate occasions, in the course of which you made a lamentably lame attempt to half justify and half ex plain away your brilliant discovery of the antidotal effects of these two deadly poisons, Dr. Charles Martin, of the University of Sydney, conducted a series of exhaustive experiments, with arsenic and strychnine, on animals, trith « view to testing your antidotal theory, or rather of demonstrating its outrageous absurdity. You broached your theory ? before Judge ' Winde yep, in April, 1895 : and tried to all but explain it away by cifciimlocutirig and very far from satisfactory explanations before- the Dean Commission in the following month of June, when yon were shaken up in the' following vigorous fashion by ' Dr. Norton Man ning and Dr. Sydney Jones, the two medical members of the Dean Royal Commission ? Br Manning: Yoa have talked about the strychnine and the arsenic, the one counteracting the other, would you like to offer an explanation of that statement? I was asked the question in Court, and at first I decli&ed; to answer it, because I considered it was beyond my province, but rue request was niddoa^aio, and i d-d. answer it. and L said, *' probably,' but in the 3 udge's notes on page 9, line 29 from the lop, the word ' pro bably' does not appear, which considerably altera my statement. I said that it would pro bably cause one to counteract the other. * Had you bad aoy evideuce whatever on the subject?' Yen. What evidence ? It was reasoning by analogy with the action of metallic irritants, such as antimony and zinc, waica are powerful emetics. 1 know Dupuy's work oq alkaloids (vol- ii. p. 683), where it says: if immediately after inges tion ot strychnine a salt of zinc or antimony or some heavy metal be administered as an emetic, it will probably relieve the peraon drinking it from sfryubnine poisoning. Ur. Jones : By ex iting vomiting ? Yes. In that sense yon mean? Yes : Dr. Manning; la that sense only? In tba-. sense oniy. You had no idea of counteracting it in the system ? Not in the method you mean. Your idea was that arseaic would counteract the strychnine by causing vomiting? Yea, my opinion was further strengthened by Br. New march, who asked me how it was that Mrs. Dean did not die. Will you give as the conversation I What did Dr. Newmarch say ? Dr. Newuiarch asked me if I knew anything about the antagouistic action between arsesic and strychnine. I cold him that the only case on record that I knew was the cele brated Cross case in Dublin, but there the patient died* Then I said that I remembered reading something about the antagonistic action between strychnine and arsenic, but that I could not then state wuere I had read it. I said that there might be some counteracting influence between the : wo substances. Then I looked up the matter aod found the reference menuooed. Dr. Newmarch said he could not understand why she did not die. You could give the doctor no explanation? I could give him no explanation. 4 1 felt justified in saying that thev might counteract each other, bat I did not say positively that they did counter act each other.' So spoke and shuffled Hamlet, our chemical expert, pretty, mqch. after the fashion of Shakespeare's Prince of Denmark in the famous ' soliloquy, ' To Be, or Not to Be ? — That is the Question.' But Windeyer's notes left you no loophole for escape from the horns of the cruel dilemma on which you had impaled yourself. Besides this, while you were jhus shifting and squirming away from your ? delusive dogmatising at' Dean's 'trial, before the Royal Commission on June 6tli, 1895, Dr. Martin was actually pre paring his report on the experimental inquiry ordered by the Commission to determine : — . I. Dosb the simultaneous or previous adminis trillion of arsenio interfere with the operation of strychnine. II. flu strychnia any action to prevent or diminish the depressing influence of arsenic on the circulating mechanism. The result of his report, which is da ted June 14th, 1895 (only a week after you tried to shuffle out of your stupid aud altogether unfounded assumptions at Dean's trial) was then virtually before the Commissioners. -Professor Martin thus knocks you out' of the scientific arena- as a specialist and out of Court as a reliable witness: From the above experiments it is seen that arsenio is quite usable to mask the poisonous action of etrreboia, 'either' when they are both administered together by th* mouth, or when the sfiryehnta is introduced directly into the circulation of as animal already suffering from the effects of arsenic. On the contrary, it ? would appear- thai thotc animals which are already poisoned by arsenic succumb more readily to strychnia than normaX animals. \\(Whence it follows that you, Mr. Mogford Hamlet, in your capacity as an expert on the action of poisons, at .he trial of a man for his life, proved yoarself to -be, for all the value that coula 'be attached1 to your evidence, an unmitigated muddle-headed ass of an analytical chemist... tYet you continue to pose as' an expert. You pinst have the hide as well as the brains of an. Ass I This crnel and crushing exposure did not, however, put a term to.your vagaries, even, in the Deau case. Sub sequently, when- Dean was being, tried for perjury, you made a further and if possible a .bigger fool of yourself in this' way : Dean was suspected ' of having- made away witii the remains of -the arsenic used to poison his wife, by bnrning in.tho fire. ' His chimney was ordered to be' swept, and' parcels of the soot obtained- madcap. in the presence of the police and submitted : *to yon for chemical analysis. This was done. But the sweep, who either suspected your ' expert ' ability, ' or felt carious to test - it, unknown to the police, bnt with the connivance and in the presence of reputable citizens, pro cured samples of soot from his own ov some other chimney than Dean's, which he marked : for- identification, and placed these non-arsenical pack ages among the samp] es of loot obtai ned from Dean's chimney, in which traces of arsenio -vera undoubtedly - found. The chimney-sweep, and the rest of the world iu the secret, were delighted with the result of the ruse, which was a solemn, aud most scientific report from you. Mogford Hamlet, the expert Government Analytical Chemist, des cribing how you had found traces of Arsenic in the 6oot from the chimney, to which no arseniu could be traced, as - well as in the soot from Dean's chimney where arsenic had undoubtedly been burned. Such are some of the 'bril liant-results of chemical analysis when conducted by an expert like our Government Specialist, Mr.1 Mogford Hamlet. I could cap these experi mental exploits of yours by recounting certain tours de force in the way - of chemical analysis achieved by you -in certain liquor adulteration cases, but these 1 reserve for a more convenient season. I will content myself with briefly citing the salient features of two or three other cases in which you have distinguished yoarself. # * - # The first of these particular cases you will find set out on page 5 of tiiis issue under the heading of ' Hob Nob Hamlet,' the term hob-nob here having the old, and, indeed, obsolete meaning of at Random — hit-or-miss. There, where a woman was being tried for the foul offence of abortion, a crime punishable, under our damnably Draconic Code, by ten years' penal servitude, you jauntily jumped into the bos and swore that certain harmless decoctions of herbs, which, properly applied according to Materia Medica, are beneficent remedies in particular cases, were calculated to procure abor tion. Yet under the searching and crushing cross-examination of Mr. J. A. Gorrick, who defended this woman wrongfully accused as an abortionist, you admitted that you did not know what effect these alleged ' poisonous drugs ' would have upon the female system ; that you could not tell what was the physical process of producing abortion; aud could not say how you formed your opinion regarding drugs and abortions, except by reading the newspapers, or in some other way which you would nob or could pot explain. - Aud 'yet you continue to pose ad an expert ! No thanks to you that Mrs. Boid was acquitted. Your evidence was called and given for the purpose of securing her conviction. Great God ! to think that such men as you 6hould be tolerated as experts in our Courts of Justice, ought to make us— but for our confidence in the ability and integrity of Judge and Jury — lose all faith in the administra tion of the Law. # * * Not very long ago you gave your expert opinion ou oath in the witnes: - box, that certain forged signatures to title- deeds were only eighteen months old, whereas they were proved to be four years old! Only as recently as Jane last yon again made a fool of yoarself. In the ca6e of a man tried at Darlinghurst before; Judge Docker, for perjury, you gave certain 'expert' evidence concerning signatures alleged to have been forged. In order to test your -ability as an expert in deciding the age of handwriting, Mr. Levien, counsel for the accused, presented for your 'expert' inspection an instruc tion paper bearing these word6, 'R. H. Levien,' which had been written by his -managing clerk, Mr. Joseph Red man, some four weeks previously ; Mr. Levien, a few minutes before handing the paper up to you, having also writ ten the words ' ft. H. Levien ' on the same paper alongside those written fully a month before. You were asked, ' Can you say, ? Mr. Hamlet, if both those names are in the same haudwriting ?' whereupon yon promptly, and without the sem blance of hesitancy, replied, ' Yes !' Without warning you of the ' expert' pit into which you nad fallen. Mr. Levien further ? asked you, ' If they were vfritfcen at one and the same time ?' and you unhesitatingly replied ' Yes, 'at -.'one and the same time!' And yqt .yoa continue to ? pose as an expert in oar. Courts of J ustice ! That you- should, do so is, I repeat, a menace to the due administration of Justice. If ypu don't think so, and resent the teruis and tone in which I have done what I conceive to be a public duty in denoonciug.you as an ' expert,' 1 re spectfully ask- you to refer the ques tion of your character as an ' expert' to the arbitrament of .a trial by judge aud jury, either by way of civil or criminal process. I . do not disguise from you that lam anxious to grapple with you as an 'expert' bat ore a righteous judge and impartial jury ; aud determined, so far as in me lies, through the medium of the Press and by every other lawful means, to mini mise the evil which 1 regard you as : capable of unconsciously committing iu the role of an *' expert ' witness. Yours truly, JOHN NORTON. Sydney, dept. -5ih, iy'J7. 