WHICH TEH? Last week wo had something to say about one of- the phases of the Federation quostion whioh aro apt to oscapo attention. When all tho orators on this big continent aro painting pretty word-picturon of the Castlo in tho Air which they name Federa tion, there was moro than a chance that the petty vulgar dotail of how wo aro to pay for the building and maintenance of this Castlo would appear too small for notice. Tfot the fact remains that Federa tion will cost monoy — not the Empire's money, nor Government money, but our money, tho taxpayers' monoy. It may rneun, for us in Now South Wales, tlio removal of the ;£200 oxemption in tho incomo tax, or it may mean the doubling, porhaps the trebling, of tho land and incomo taxes. So much depends upon Iho extrava gance or economy of tho Federal Govorn mont to which wo aro being urged to give our birthright. Whatever figure it mny reach, tho expense of Fodbral Government will bo great, and the biggest share of it will have to be paid by us. However this may bo, tho electors of Now South Walos will shortly bo called upon to elect ten delegates to the Confer ence which is to construct tho Federal GouHuiuiion. up 10 uaie oniy xur. n. ju. Wise and Mr. W. S. Dowel have defini tely announced thoir candidature. Every body knows Mr. Wise as tho promising young politician, who seems destined to be a promising youni; politician to the last. Mr. Dowel is the fatuous person who made himself and Biugara laughable, even at the Bathurst farcioal show, by perpetu ally popping up and waviug banners from Biugara in the face of the delegates. Sir George Dibbs loftily observes that, if the people humbly invite him to become their representative, he will be kind enough to act. Sir Joseph Abbott says he'll be a oandidate, and of coarse he reckons that, if things tarn out as the Fedorationists desire, he'll be the first Speaker of the Federal Parliament. Speakers in the other colonies have a similar fancy as regardR themselves, whioh may lead to trouble. Mr. Keid and Mr. Babtok will, of course, be candidates, and so will tho omniscient Mr. McMillan and Mr. Camiuxhers. Then the Opposi tion and the Labor parties will claim to be represented, and one or moro of the Bathurst Boomators will como op smiling. Altogether thero will be a large assortment to choose from, and tho selection, so far as The Argus can see at present, is only going to benofit one section of the popula tion. According to tho Australasian Federation Enabling Act a full list of the names of norsonB nominated, arranced alphabetically, has to be advertised at least three times in every newspaper in the colony. But, even here, one's pleasure is damped by tho recollection that the adver tisement is to bo paid for by the unfor tunate country — not by the candidates. * # * # Well, when we have got this list before us, where are we? We inParramattawill doubtless have a chance of hearing one or moro of the candidates— tho whole crowd of them if wo caro to go down to Sydney — but how are tho people in the country to mako up thoir ininds? Fortunately for theruselvoB, they have mostly forgotten what has been said in tho long orations about Federation from the earliest time till now, and when they have their lists before thorn they will bo at a loss who to vote for. None of the candidates will visit all the contros of population, and the only infor mation electors will have will bo advertise ments or reports of speeches. PorhapB doctors will be inclined to vote for the one or two candidates they know something nVirmt. nnil t.n lnnvft n.ll t.lm nt.iiava cdvcvdIit alone. If thoy do this, their ballot-papers will be rejected as informal. Every oleotor who wants to record his vole must vote for ton candidates, no matter how Btrongly te may bo opposed to the person or the poli tics of nine out of the ten. If ho doesn't, his voto for his own man is invalid. Prob ably a good many electors, knowing that recording a vote for the candidates whom they approvo will moan recording also a voto for tho candidates of whom thoy dis approvo, will got out of the difficulty by not voting at all. This will bs regrettable, but what iB ono to expect when provisions of this kind aro inserted in an Aot? A man will say, for instance : ' What is the use of my voting for Sir Qeohge Dibbs when I know that his plan of Federation is simply tho dishonored ghost of Unifica tion i IS HO uatjiy CO UgCUU WitU J.U.L. McMillan, say, as to the Federal consti tution ? Yet, if there are only ten candi dates I must voto for him as well as for Mr. McMillan, if my vote i3 to count for anything. I am helping to put a bundle of opposites together in tho hope that they will evolve a method of union which, will satisfy everybody.' Of courso it will be said— it is said— that you must get representatives of all shades of opinion together if you want to strike out a constitution that will satisfy every body. This is right enough and might do in ordinary circumstanoes. Bnt these are not ordinaiy oircumstancos. Now South Wales iB going into this Convention with out her natural ally, Queensland. _ Vic toria, who poses as the natural superior of New South Wales, will bo supported by her suburb, Tasmania, and by the Sooialist faddists of South Australia. If New South '\Yalos is to get fair play, her representa tives will have to be united, to knawolearly what she wants and to insist upon getting it. Voting will doubtless he by colonies, and it will be a pretty stato of affairs if the N9W South Wales' voto on any important matter is only a oaro majority vodb. aiiu this it must be unlees the ten representa tives are of ono rnind on important matters. No throe of the men named above are of ono mind. Dibbs is of one mind — Dibbs' mind, and so is McMillan and so is Wise. Some of the other candidates may get into lino, but these three never. And, with all this difference of opinion, what is the good of Bending them along as representing New South WaleB ? Each of thorn represents himself, ana the whole lot of them repro Bont nothing but tho rnorest shred of a sketch of the alleged deBiro of this country to federate. If elootoi-B could pick out one or two from the bunoh and send him along, there might be somo satisfaction in dis oharging tho duty of voting. But when it's a case of Ton or None, tho absurdity of the thing preBses on the mind and in bewilderment we ask, Which Ten ? 