THE CHRISTIAN IN THE WORLD. TBv Robert F. Hokton. M.A., D.D.I I am in the world, as ye arc in the world.— 1 John iv., 17. How are we in this world, and what is our relation to it? Are we in it and of it, Rolled round in earth's diurnal course, With blocks und stones and trued? Or are we here as nilirrims. exiles, feeliner. even in our tinios ot accommodation to our s iiTOundiugs, 'the exile of the heart?' Are we here as a moment in an eternal evolution, coming and departing liku those extinct monsters of the prime that have left their remains iu the tertiary rocks? Or are we here with a task and a mission, am bassadors from a- distant court, wearing tho insignia of an unseen sovereign, striving and achieving, uttering words that live and burn, returning to Him who sent us with an expectation of His approval ? The answer to these questions is for the Christian given in these words — ' As Christ is so are we in this world.' Our relation to the world is His; the part that He plays in the world is ours. We say it with some modifica tions. l«'or wo are only comparable to Him by the grace which lio comniuuicatos to us ; we art- the stream aud lie thu fountain head, we the branches and He the tree. Yet we dis honor Him if in a morbid humility we depre cate tho reseir.hla.nce winch He has instituted between us and Himself. Tiie 'as' is only relative. '-4s is not always used,' said tho Venerable Bude in commenting on this passage, 'to denote equality. It is also used to denote a certain similarity. If, then, we are made iu the image oi God. are we not as God ; not on an equality, but in our degree ? Thence, there fore, is confidence given us in the day of judg ment. As He is we also are in this world — viz., by imitating tho perfection of that lave in the world of which Be daily atl'ords us an example froin heaven.' ISut with any thought of equality, then, but humbly claiming the rosem blauce to an original which ho has Himse;f estab lished and required us to claim, we answer tho question — 'How are we in this world ':' by the fur-reaching and humbling truth, 'As H« is' — not as He was, for thou;;h tho lessons of the incarnation are essential, they are not all. He was in the world to show us how He is in the world. And we are to be in the world as He is. We take tho story of those sinless years — the obedient childhood, the patient growth, the active ministry of healing and teaching, the cross and passion, the tomb and the resurrec tion ; universalise it, and apply it to the changing epochs, to the expanding life of men, aud we have there the general principle, the guide to our life to the way that we are iu the world. THE TWOTOI.T) NATURE. But we must confine ourselves to one aspect of this resemblance. It is the keynote of the Gospel, to which this Epistle is an introduc tion, or a codicil that He was in this world as the Word ol God made flesh, and is in tliis world as the Holy Spirit of God a twofold nature, not in the metaphysical Bense, but in the senso that lie iu His person unites the two orders of Being. He lays His hands on two realms, the Divine and the human, and brings them together. Out of the spiritual world He conies aud casts an anchor in the human ; out of the human Ho returns, and the anchor is dropped within the veil. In this w;;y, broadly speaking, He was and is in this world the intermediary, the link between God and man, between an eternal absolute and a transitory conditional, the ever-living pledge that God has a vital interest in our humanity, and that humanity has a home in God. And as Ho is iu this world, so are we, we who are called by His name because we are one with Him, wo who can humbly say that for us to iivo is Christ. So are we in this world. Each of us is a song of two worlds — a link between this world and that. Is the music of this on our lips? Its closing cadence will be the music of that. Do the mysterious harmonies of that tremble through our hearts? It is that we may make them heard and felt in this. Hero is the explanation of paradoxes of the human heart which were felt but not understood before Christ came. This is why we have the sigh of the exile on these pleasant shores, and reach yearn ing hands across the seas; ideally we come from a land beyond the seas. This is why we are hero in the country of our sojourn. We are here with a message, we are here with a mission, we are here to save. We are of those whoso Twofold being is the mystic knot Which couples earth and heaven. For as He is, so are wo in this world. Is it sot this mediatorial position which determines our mode of activity as Christians, and in a special sense gives a ineanine to our ministry as ministers ? We are in the world ; unlike our Divine Lord, we do not come into it, but out of it. To begin with, we are of it. In how many sorrowful ways are we conscious of this land oi our nativity ? Its soil is always on our feet ; its atmosphere is always in our lungs. But through Him Who is the Way we step out into the land of our ideal nativity. Tremblingly we enter the spiritual, and with His hand in ours we gradually find ourselves at home there. And then we bestride the confines of the two realms, and it is our business to be in the world, yet not ot the world ; it is our redeeming agency to be ever drawing this world to that in the spirit and in the manner of the Lord. And thus our problem, like His, is to remain firmly and equally planted in both, to hold fast our divinity, yet bo as not to lose our humanity; to remain frankly and fully human, and yet to hold unbroken converse with God. If we had to live only for the world to come, our course would be plain ; if we had to liye only for this, it would be, however sordid, easy. But we have no more right to live for this world than for the next, for the next tjjpn for this. Our reason for existing as Christians is to couple tho two. CONSTANT CONTACT WITH GOD AND MAN. Let me speak, therefore, first, of keeping in unimpeded contact with God ; and, second, of keeping in unimpeded contact with men. To keep in unimpeded contact with God there are two conditions which remain always the the same. One is to ardently and predomi nantly desire it. The other is to mortify cer tain affections which are inconsistent with it. 'I have set the Lord at my right hand.' Is it not plain that it must be the master thought of life, the constant pre occupation of the soul, if any sustained con verse with God is to be secured ? For oven in the closer relationships of this life it is nut possible to keep intimately near to another soul without an assiduous observance, and that suggestion of the lover, 'I think of thee by night ... I think of thee by day.' To keep in contact with God it must become the definite object of life ; the thought of the daybreak, 'My eyes prevent the dawn;' of the hot noon, 'As the hart pants after tho water brook ;' of tho falling even, ' Return unto thy rest, O my soul.' It must assume the passion of an exclusive love — ' Whom have I in heaven but Thee? There is none upon earth whom 1 desire beside Thee.' God will hardly converse with a man who prefers tho converse of his fellow men. God cauuot be the companion of odd moments, the friend called in when more distinguished or more exciting companions havo failed. When He is first, and the rest, at a long interval, are second ; when heart and flesh are crying .out, and the vast treasure of the affections is staked upon finding Him and being in communion with Him ;' then, and not till then, a man begins to dwell iu the secret place of the most High and to abide under the shadow of the Almighty. But this supremacy, aud even exclusi veness, of desire carries with it a boldness in surrender ing things which thwart it. ' Who shall ascend into the lull of the Lord? Or who shall stand in His Holy Place? He that hath clean hands and a pure heart : who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity. . .' There are things which never could or can subsist with that sustained converse of which wo speak. And these things are sometimes near to us, aud apparently indispensable, as our right hand or our right eye. For example, how can ye believe when ye receive honor one of another and seek not that which comctli from God alone? Why, what is this— are we seckiug to please men ? Are wo acting as it they held the crown which we desire ? Do ive wish to stand well with the world or even with the Church ! Are we secretly flattered when men, all men, speak well of us, vexed when we are criticised, or condemned, or {ignored ? This tender of mind, this waiting on the approbation of our fellows, is a hindrance to a sustained converse with God. Its must therefore be mortified by such manful self-suppression, and stopping of our ears as God's grace can give. Or iu a broader principle still, 'If any man love tho world, the love ot the Father is not in him,' this worid which is too much with us, its tran sitory occupations, its pleasures aud its interests, its politics and newspapers, its latest books, its intermiuabla magazines, its fashions aud its follies, its wisdom — 'for there ? is a wisdom of this world' — its arms, and viols and crowns, its p:urea:itries and splendors, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye, and the ' vainglory of life. We distinguish among j these things, and say this is bad, this good, I this doubitul. Wo propose to ourselves the enjoyment of the «oud, tut) avoidance) ot the ! bad, tho coy iia.llia.uce with the doubtiu/. I But, for hindering the converse with j God, the world has a whole lias to be regarded with doubt, touched with caution I — we may use, but not abuse it — for the fashion of this world changeth, it all vanishes as the baseless fabric of a dream. ..The world, and man as its denizen, is a vain show, to it you may not give your heart. The man of the world, and his portion in this life — you have nothing to do with him but to save him — lie weaves and is clothed with derision. lie sows and he shall not reap ; Bis life is a watch and a vision between asleep and a sleep. ? And it is for grasping some of these truths, however imperfectly and pervertedly, that monasticism, notwithstanding all its abuses, deserves our consideration and even our imita tion. If some of us have failed iu our life and ministry because we have been too entangled iu ' the affairs of this life,' and detained from serene communion with God, have not others failed, 1 will not tay because of too concen trated a communion with Gcd, but because of a shy withdrawal into regions of study or medita tion, which are far removed from the lifo of our own time and the men to whom we are sent? Tho Christian may become a recluse without attaining to the honor of a monk. He may gradually leave the tides of the world, not to plunge into tho tides of God, but simply to avoid society and tho close personal grapple with men which was the distinctive feature of our Lord's earthly ministry. One may retire beyond Jordan, and, roughly clad and simply fed, may thunder timely messages to our gene ration, but that is in the days of the fore runner. In the days of the Son of Man it is necessary to mix with men, to come eating and drinking, to be at their feasts and lamenta tions, to bo a citizen, to exchange thoughts in the streets, to preach upon the mountain side, to go into the homes, to court and en courage the personal conversations with those who may be seekers, to live in the crowd, and to die between malefactors, winning some to God, excel ntcd by others. Lameuuais wanted to bo buried among the nameless dead of Pere lo Chaise— that is the Christian's proper impulse, not to bo separated from his fellows, but to be merged in them. 'at onob a mystic and man of this world.' A son of man must not be a recluse. 'I am a man ; I count nothing that belongs to man alien from myself.' What man is Buffering or doing, what man is thinking or devising, what he finds to be a diversion or a delight, what he makes his god, what- are his dreams of heaven or fears of hell, I want to understand it all, I must have it from his own lirjs. I would have my arm in his ; shoulder to shoulder facing the same destiny, treading the same perilous ways. I am one with him, nor can 1 be divided from him. It was said of a distinguished minister of a previous generation that in his later years he began the systematic study of Shake speare in order to come to the understand ing of men. What a strange device, as if he were shut up in a tower away from human intercourse. All Shakespeare's men and women are here about us, hying in the same streets with U3, worshipping in the same church. Shakespeare's greatneBS lies in this, that he draws the men and women that we know. All Shakespeare's dramas are here transacting themselves before our eyes. Is there a congregation which does not furnish its tragedy, its fountain of tears, its comedy and pealB of silvery laughter, the plots, the movements, the passions, tbe achieve ments, which are the theme of Shakespeare's plays. Were it not better to trust leBs to bookish ways aud to go into these homes, these garrets, to stand at the street corners, at the bars of public-houses, at the counters of shops, on the wharves, in the warehouses, -and read the stirring dramas at first hand ! For, after all, while Shakespeare's men are men with the . note of universality in them, we need to know men, not in the motley of the Elizabethan, but in the motley of the Victorian ago. The men we waut to understand are the men of this year of grace, with the curious intonation of the decade which closes the century, the men too various to be touched off in a phrase ; the complicated life, smoothed by civilisation, but beneath the surface broken into a thou Baud crystals by the shocks of change, and sharp-cut into peculiar individualities and un expected modes of thought which were not known oven to Shakespeare. We must keep in contact with men. To be in the world as Christ is, will be, therefore, to bo at once a mystic and a man of the world, rooted in the eternal verities and the intimate communion of God, and yet modern, with the dialect and colloquialism of tho day. And the difference between the mere mystic aud tho complete Christian will be expressed by this combination. Perhaps an illustration may bo pardoned. The two great poets of the early century addressed characteristic odes to a skylark. To Shelley the bird is tho 'ethereal minstrel, pilgrim of tho sky,' a disembodied spirit, beautiful and in spired, but with only furtive thoughts of the nest upon the ground. To Wordsworth the same bird is an image of the life which unites the earth and the heaven Type of the wise who Boar but never roam, True lo the kindred points of heaven and home. There is a Christian pietism |of the ethereal and disembodied kind ; there is an uninspired Christianity of the utilitarian kind ; the one affects to scorn the other. 'I believe in practical Christianity,' says the commonplace mind ; 'and I in the Unio Mystica,' says the conventional saint. But it is the doctrine of the true Christianity ; yes, just the difference which Christ breathes into the religion of the soul— that ; separated these two are wrong, and in their combination for the first time both exist. As He is in tho world. Yes, and so we at last are bound with gold chains about the throne of God and about the common earth ? True to the kindred points of heaven and home. But what a vast demand is this which the Christian life and ministry make upon us. ^y ell may au apostle exclaim, 'Who is suiti cient for theso things.' Here is an exagge rated sacerdotalism — a Royal Priesthood. The fault of sacerdotalism is that it does not go far enough. It claims for an order, or clervs, what is meant for the whole clerus of God. And while it sets the ordained priest as an intermediary between God and man, it does not really require that the priest should be in vital touch with God or with man. It assumes that the Holy Ghost is in tho imposi tion of hands, aud in the distribution of elements, but never stays to ask whether that I mark of the Spirit is there, the application of tlie things of Christ to the soul, thu stiymala of Jesus in the flesh. We believe in a priest hood, a holy generation, men and women in vital touch with (Sod and man, forming in their person the living link between the world and heaven, men and women bo surcharged with God that they are engaged in ' the priest-like task of pure ablution round earth's human shores.' We strike fora higher goal. But who is sufficient for these things ? Here is man's extremity. Here is God's opportunity. No man, not even one of the rarest gift3, would be able to obtain by effort of his own this life of the linked spheres. The austerities of the cloister, and the passionate sacrifices of practical work, have failed and will fail. It can come, as Augustine would say, by grace alone ; by faith alone, as Luther would say. It is possible only if there is a tangibio reality in the command, 'Abide in Me. aud I iu you,' and if there is a Divine Paraclete, who can trace with a finger of fare tlie linea ments of Jesus ou the believing soul. 