focal & lews. Anglican.— Fourth Sunday after the Epithany, January 31st. Holy Trinity— Communion at 8, mattins at 11, evensong at 7-30. Red Range at 11 . Linwood (Mrs. Miller's) at 3. Christchurcb, Dun- dee, at 3 ; Upper Dundeee (Mrs. Peters) 7 -30. Io night'the Bishop will address the members of the Y.M.I, on "Coins and Coinage." To-morrow his Lordship will lay the first pile of the new Anglican Church at Ben. Lomond. The service will com mence at 4. Rev. Canon King, vicar ; Mr. E. C. Knox, lay reader. Wesleyan. — The Rev. G. E. Hockey, of Emma- ville, will preach (d.v.) next Sabbath as follows : — Glen Innes at 11 and 7-30, and Wellingrove at 3. Ppesbyterian.— On Sabbath next the Rev. Da- vfd Arthur will preach at Glen Innes at 11 and 7.30, Clarevaulk at 3. The edict of ordination and in duction was. read from the pulpit on Sunday last, calling upon any person who has anything to say against the life, character, or doctrine of the Rev. John Edwards, B.A., to intimate same . inj writing to the Rev. A. Armstrong, M.A., of Tamworth, clerk of the New England Presbytery. Stock Movements.— Since last report these have been : — 7 polled Angus bulls from Balgdwnie, Qd., to Walcha, Thos. Fletcher, owner; 50 fat bullocks from Mhlgowan, Qd., to Flemington,. A. J. Tuke, owner ; 30 fat bullocks from Tenterfield to, Flem ington, Walker's Trustees, owners ; 128 fat bnllocks from Worablebauk, Qd., Sir E. Verner's Estate, owners: 120 fat bullocks . from Woorowoolgen, Richmoud, to Flemington, Griffiths and Co., own- era ; 700 bullocks and speyed cows from Bolivia to Martindale, E. White, owner. Occupation of Railway Reserve. — Mr. F. A. Wright has received the following communication fp/wn tlio nonarfmonf. nf T.nnrfc " finrltipw Infh January, 1897. Si, — I have ?he honor to acknow. ledge the receipt of a letter presented by you on 14th instant, from residents of Glen Innes, for permissive occupancy of part of railway reserve, also letter from othors interested askiug that the petition of the inhabitants be granted, and to inform you that the matter; therein mentioned will meet with early attention, and a further communication ir.ade when a decision has been arrived at. — Wm. Houston, Undersecretary." Welcome Tea Meeting1 — It was notified on Sunday last that a meeting of the ladies of the con gregation will bo held in the Presbyterian Church on Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock, to arrange for a welcome tea meeting and concert to the Rev, J. Edwards and Mrs. Edwards, and to entertain the reverend members of the Presbytery of New Eng land ou the evening of Wednesday, 10th February. Those who desire to assist, but who cannot attend, will please to communicate in the meautime by letter to Mr. G. Stevenson, of Glen Innes. A full attendance is requested, as complete arrangements will be made at the meeting. The management expect that the welcome will be worthy the- repu tation of the denomination and the district. Hailstorm on the Clarence. — An unprece dented hailstorm visited Palmer's Island and the Channel on Friday afternoon between five and six o'clock, from the south-east, the hail being the size of a hen's egg, with many lumps much larger. One block of ice fell near the bridge a cubic' foot in dimension. The maize and fruit crops are almost ruined, the cane was much shredded, windows were smashed wholesale, several iron roofs riddled, and many animals severely injured. The storm lasted about 35 minutes. Cvvttt P rrrr no 17 vt «m a TlTDmir J A . T.Anr1 ftn ruuih vniijuxvdii aj. a jji jjvuuvu says : — At Zara the wife of a citizen gave birth to four children, three males and one female. At 3 a.m. the first son was bom, then after a short time the other two sons were born, and at half-past seven a.m, the daughter was born, all four alive. All four children were so like each other that it was very difficult to know the one from the other. The daughter died at noon the same day, and her three brothers died next morning between six and seven a.m. The mother is doing well. Quick Work.— Our Coraki contemporary says that during the last muster at Wyangerie Station a record piece of work was put up for five men. In the space of one hour and 50 minutes 210 calves .were castrated, earmarked, and branded. Some idea of the rapidity with which the work was per formed may be gathered when it is stated that every heat of the brand did four calves. We have seen men branding who reckoned themselues smart at this kind of work, but the above record fairly dis tanced them. Still, many wili doubt the possibility of branding. four calves with one heat of the iron, and keeping this up with only four men to catch, throw, and hold the calves ; to say nothing of cut ting say half the number end earmarking all. — Ed. Lismore Star. Church Bazaars,— A Glasgow man who has studied church, bazaars pretty carefully thus de fined them A church bazaar is a place where we ; speqd more money than we can afford for things we do not want, in order to please people whom we do not like, and to help the heathens, who are hap pier than we are. Sneaking in Protection.— Auent the steel, rails contract a Sydney correspondent writes : In connection with the local tender for the supply of 150,000 tons of steel rails, to be manufactured in the colony out of New South Wales ore, the- Sydney Morning Herald has backslidden in the most fearful manner. It asserts that the Govern- - ment will be justified iu giving the tenderers the price they ask, which, according to the Minister for Works, is 15 per cent more than imported steel rails cost delivered in Sydney or ; Newcastle. And the paper does not excuse its backsliding by the old gag that the superiority of local inspection will more fully compensate for the 15 per cent extra price paid for the rails, because it knows , that the Railway Commissioners take good care that all rails sent from England to them are of first-class quality. But if it is right to subsidise a ' steel rail industry to the extent of 15 per cent why should not the sugar and the wheat growers be_ treated in a similar manner 1 There is really no answer to the question . I have always felt that the Herald was not sincere in advocating the freetrade policy introduced by Mr; Reid, and now itself has conclusively proved its insincerity . Those Assessments. — We learn from the Maitland Mercury that Mr. Michael Ahearn about 1893 purchased 30 acres ot laud at Dagworth for £800. He has now received his notice stating that the unimproved value had been fixed on behalf of the Government at 40 per acre ; or £1200. It is unnecessary to say that Ahearn is not pleased at a fictitious value being placed on his property, and intends to appeal against the assessment. . All-round Retrenchment,— The effect of tlie Reid policy is being seriously felt by the large warehouses in Sydney, and a very deserving class of employees are apparently paying the penalty. At least it would appear to be the case from rthe following paragraph which is supplied by the Sydney correspondent of the Grafton Examiner : — In many of the mercantile establishments the middle-aged employees are being gradually got rid of, and their places filled with yonths and young men. This is being done in the interest of economy, and not because it is believed that youngsters are more capable than men of mature years. The salaries paid to the young fellows are just sufficient to enable them tg pay for board aud , lodging and clothes. I know a smart young fellow 22 years of age who is employed in a wholesale warehouse. He has had five years experience, aud his salary is 30s a week. There is not the ghost of a chance of his getting any more for a long time to. come. The practice referred to isj also beiug followed to a great extent by the Railway Com missioners. A great deal of the work of their de partment is being performed by youths, who re ceive from 10s to 20s a week. If a young fellow wants to get ou in the world, he must not seek employment in the wholesale or retail warehouse, or in the Railway Department. Photographing the Heart's Action. — The latest achievement of the Rontgen rays (says a London paper) is photographing through clothes, and showing the beating of the heart, a fact which has, we believe, been accomplished by a firm of London photographers, the subject being a ' human boy.' What is to escape the searching penetration of this marvel-working process ? It seems, more over, to be rapidly developing from an obtruse scientific experiment into a fashionable fad. It is already possible to walk into more than one photo grapher's, and have the outlines of one's hands or feet placed on paper for the modest sum of a few shillings, and one may even enjoy — if that is possible — the sensation of seeing one's own or a friend's skull projected on a screen. Bad for the Agitators. — A sickening item of news for -the progressive class of political agitators comes from Central Queensland :— The Longreaeh branch of the A. W.U. met recently, and passed the following resolutions : That this meeting .con siders it inadvisable to hold a political convention in 1897, but empowers the executive of the A.L F. to negotiate for holding ot same at some future date. That no general strike of members of the A. W.U. be entered upon until the question in dis- pute has been submitted to a plebesite of the whole membership of the union, and a two- thirds majority of those voting decide in favour of a strike. Dr. Barnado's. Homes. — Dr. Barnardo comes, in his December issue of Night and Day, to remind us amidst the gaieties of Christmas time how many there are who stand in need of crumbs from the rich man's table. His work lies among not merely poverty but privation . There appears to be no cessation iu the stream of qualified candidates flowing in at the hospitable doors of the Homes in Stepney Causeway, and to be qualified, a boy or girl needs only to be destitute. " Workless, home less, friendless," are words which occur again and again in Dr. Barnardo's descriptive case notes in the magazine before us. Many of his details are sad reading for a Christmas month in the nine teenth century, and show beyond dispute how desperately urgent are the calls upou the charitable for the rescue of the little oues. It is most remark able from how many quarters come responses to the children's eall, but it is clear that the need is clam ant almost beyond one's power to realise. We advise all our readers to send for a copy of thi3 realistic publication (it will be sent gratis and post free from the Homes, 18 to 26, Stepney Causeway, London, E.. Nearly 5000 boys aud girls are under Dr. Barnardo's charge, and from forty to sixty new admissions from London and the provinces are tak ing place weekly. The fact that £140 are needed every day for food alone should make its eloquent appeal to the pockets at this season of widened sympathies. Drawing the Line at . Dancing.— Churches may be bazaared, soireed, conversazioned, or magic-lantercd out of debt, but must not be danced out of it (says a Loudon journal). David danced before the Ark, but that was for pure pleasure, and' not for the purpose of raising money. Stepney has a church which is somewhat encumbered financially, and the churchwardens of. Mile End, iu the light spirit of gaiety which is so" characteristic of the residents iu that locality, ar ranged a series of cinderellas iu- order to dance the edifice out of debt. But the vicar takes a sterner view of life than these gentlemen, and does not- believe in waltzing as a means of raising the financial wind. He therefore intimated that he could not receive'for church purposes money de rived from dances. The cinderellas have, there fore, been countermanded. Preserving Fruit.— Here is a good hint to housewives, supplied by a South Australian:— Now that fruit is abuudaut many persons would preserve it and make jams who are deterred by the tedious process of boiling, skimming, clarifying, tinning, soldering, etc. But fruit can be perfectly preserved without any cooking, as an excess of sugar will prevent fermentation of raw fruit just as salt preserves meat. In cooking it is usual to put lib to ljlb of sugar to lib of fruit. In preserving raw fruit put 1 lb or more of cane sugar (if beetroot sugar is used more is required) to a pound of fruit. Take a large stone jar, put a layer of sugar at the bottom, then fill up with fruit and sugar, with a good layer of sugar on top, bung down tight and let it stand for say two months. It is best to lay the jar ou its side and move it half over once or twice a week. In this way the most acrid fruit can be preserved aud made sweet, such as sloes wild damsons, bul laces, and the plums on plum suckers. Brown sugar is b.est, aud a glass of spirits is an improvement. 1 