0IT1AMESJ0AF LETTES. BOXING. BIG PUGILISTIC! VENTURE. CHOYXSKt ATO) FITZSIMMOXS. M'COY AND CREEDOX. Tim' Colored ' CUnrnpirmsliip of the 'World — Felix:. mid lioi) Armstrong. TIio TcriscopD in Australia. Filzpniriclc mid Goorgo Laviffitc l'nylod— Slaviu nnd Billy Smith at Klomlvlio. . . .ATHLETICS. tVcfor's Performances — Hnmmor TiiroTriiig Extraordinary— 160yds in 14 2-oscc— ' Hitch and '..; ' Kick' Feats.' ' : FEOH OUE SPECIAL COMMISSIONER IN . . AS1EEICA. .San Francisco, Anrjnst 20. ' Qniln a tvnmbor' of important pugilistic tentnroB aro bointr talked of j ant now, and promoters nro as bnsy an roal estato dealers in boom timos. In tlio general ehnso after fi-osh fistic Holds and piiBtnros now tho irropressihlo, Hilly Brady looms np among tlio otlior specu lators liko a Groat Dano in u pack of daoh nhnnds. Ho hn» .surrounded himself will, nn impenetrable nirof mysterv nnd is kooning us, nil in a perturbed Btate of mind. Wo know tliatho has nironts in Nnvudu working might tho piiworfiil cities or tlio sago brush. Wo don't know what his programme is. Wo liavo serions doubts as tb whether ho knows himsolf. A week or two ago it was said that Dan Stuart and. Rrady would nrrnugo opposition fiestas, thn ono at Reno nnd tbo other at Carson. Now; wo know different, for Stuart lias declared that ho will hold aloof until tho Spring. When tho snow water trickles down the mountain sides and tlio young grass begins tb shoot in the valloys tho bit; innu from Texas will endeavor' to bring Corbott and Fitz. Ehnmons together again. Not before. Brady is not by any moans as oloan ont in his announcements. He created tho impression that ho already had .Tim and Bob iu his vest pocket and intended to toss them into the ring at ono of the Nevada points this coming Octobor. PITZSIKMOirS SMASHKD THE HOMANCK into smithereens by saying that lie had no intention of according Corbott a second moot ing, at least nut until snob time as Jim had patched. up his reputation by disposing of whatqvor other heavy-weights happened to be lying around loose. , . . . ?. . ' i.didn't say that I had Corbelt and Fitz Simmons signed,' explained Brady when con fronted. with Fitz'a uUiinntnm. ' My, ngont iu Nevada is romancing soino 1 have nn doubt in ordor to imiUo Carson and ltouo outbid each otlior on Iho bonus proposition. Jly firm con vict ion_ is thut tlio men will never meet SI ill (lip FitzRimmons' ghost wouldn't down. Shrewd1 sports *aid that if it wasn't Bob mid Jim it wuo Bob and somobody else. Brady wuM.'t thn kind of follow to go into a tiling liiir licks unless h« hud si.muthing good np his Udhi-c. lint who could the somebody else bo ? Within. the past, day or two choieoiina fallen . .npiin ,),)o Clioyusk:. Ir. uppeurs that .Too i,' tnutnli that, had bucn offered him at this . ,»r,l will, j:m Jeffrioi'. the Los Angolan. Ho «„'- qnilo willing to sign, liu said ; uml inoi-' . d.-t.li.ilyli.i men tinned Unit Julian had promised liii'i ii'.-j-ii witliFiizsiliimnus. : ' Hii -v:is to luivu been hero (Chicago) some d.iyr. a»n to fix Unrigs up, but ho didn't put iu .. iiiVnpprominw,' wrote .Hie. . . . . Ir. whs on this frail foundation, no doubt, ''f.t.rfc Iho latnsl. rninnr mic'iib A PIOHT lliiTWEKN cnOTNSIvI AND ? ?;.'.. ? . ?prr/.siMMONS ': w..s built. One Ii»ur8 nn ovory side that Fitz is not iimkiui; any mnnov . with his show, nml Mil:. II bets aro offered thnt an official »niinunccmnnt of the match betwoou Joe und Hubert will' bo iniulu within a day or two. Personally, I don't expeot to hear of tho men signing articles. It looks to mo us if tho best goods Brady will have to offer tho perl pntetic patrons of pugilism will be a go bet.woen ?'Kid' M'Uoy nnd Dan Croodon,. niid atiother between Tom Slmrkoy ami Potor Mulior. A wild-oyod offer of 20.000dol was made for the lust-mimed matoh soinu days ago ivy the Knickerbocker Club of Snn Francisco. Tho sports at this end did not ontlinse over tho affair, howevor, and tho Knickerbockers have withdrawn their offer. Brady has offered 10.000.lol, und it. is likely that ho will socuro the light. If he completed his programme on tho linos originally mapped out ho will huvo George. Uiion and Solly Smilh. Ho also expects. to match 'Kid'Lavigno and somo otiiov tip-top light-weiuht. , Tho Nevada . stale Cair takes plnco iu October next, and, us I understand it, Reno and Carson will oWh have a n-ook of festivities in tnrn. It is in oonnoctiou with this fair that Brady purposes putting in his boxing carnival. It may bo lhat'ho will havo opposition. Tom O'Komko is talking in a half- hoarted way of takii.ur a colony of lighters up ovor the Sierras during the' morry-muking season in Novada. Ho controls Dixou and Walcott, a couple of good cards, and ho olaims to have arranged a an between Peter Felix and Bob Armstrong THE ' COLORED CIIAirPIONEHIP OP THE ?. l .;?,':. ?' . ? WORLD,' ?wliatovor that may bo. I am thinking' that Foli.T'a oliances of amassing wealth would bo bettor if ho went iu for a piebald match at tho ' outset. This, follow Armstrong is anything bnt'au easy mark, and tho reason that he is not heard of more is because no one cares to tacklohim. . '-;.. ,? .' . ... ?By next mail thore should bo eoinothing aofinitotoohroniclo in regard totheso Nevada carnivals. Evory thing is in unsatisfactory shapo at present, and I, for one, have no faith in any of tho schemes coming to a head. '?/ If Brady takes hold fairly I have no doubt ho will put forth something that will bo nttrac tiyo. Ho kriowB tho showbusiness from A to Z, and'is not ililcely to entangle himself in * any. sohnroo that doos not promiso profit.'I bave heard that he has some new and im proved picture-taking concern at the buck of Talking, of piolriroa ? reminds mo that the . Corbett-Fitzsimmons.yoriscope goes to Aus tralia by this Alamoda.: Tho porsons iu charge . aro Mcssra..GBorgo Wilty and W. E. Cooko, a ,'Coii'plo of gentlemen whom, I am ploased to Bay, I number' limoug my friends; I under . stand that particular pains were taken in prc ; paring the films of tho big fight for tho Aub \ tralin.il, tour, so' that patrons could obtain a 'clear' impression of tho groatost contest of niodorn times. Mr. Kector, the gentleman ?:.'-..wb'o' manipulated the veriscope cameras at Carson,, will also bo of the party; nnd with Ruoh tulcnt in charge of tho affair it is reaaoh dblo to Buppoao that the roproduotion of tho Championship battle will be ascompleto and as interesting ns it is possible to mako it. Tho tonr I beliovo will include Haw Zealand nnd South Africa, nnd I, for one, trust that Messrs. Wilty, Cooko, and Koctor will roturn to America thoroughly satisfied with tho results of their round-the-world trip, and 'with ploasnnt romiuisoonces of Australia. Wo ' havo had fights of all kinds — ranging from gravo to gay— siuoo Iho List mail boat loft these hospiiublo shores. The Moima was not a groat uinny hours at sea when . , CKOV.aK Dl XON AND DAIi HAWKINS trippod into tho ring ntnlcnliunioa' Pavilion to donido thoir twonty round dispute It was a highly interesting bout, and at tho samo timo n disappointing onu to a groat many. It was loo clovor to suit tho gallery, but tbosj to whom neat blocking and dodging appeals more Ihnu crushing punches and a continuous spray of ruby, pronouuood it a highly onjoy ablo spectacle. Dixon is Dixon no m'oro. That is he is not the little dashing, brown -skinned wonder who fought that hurrioano battlo, breast to breast, with sturdy Abo Willis iu tho years ngoiic. He is much the same in appearance, with the oxcaptiou of his fnoe. Ho has a prematnroly nged look, nnd bis onoo beady gyes havo lost their snap. I conld not help notiniug this as ho worked around undor tho glaro of the olootrin light.1 And thoro wero any number of nthor things in which I found myself drawing comparisons between tho Dixon of six tfr sovon yoars ago and tho Dixon of to-day. Tho tigorish springs, -the zip and Iho whizzing punches were no longer in ovidonce, and I was forcod to the conclusion that about all that remains of the om:o bril liant performer is' his cunning. AVhen hurt he AS TRICKY AS A WOUNDKD TEAL. He sterna '.to havo reached a stage when ho cannot defeat even iui avornge pmformor, whilo at the same timo it is doubtful if even tho best of tho new crop of feather-weights imn defeat him. Ho has d'ovoloped into a '? drawfigbtor' puro and simple. . JfawlciiiK, who towered many inches nvnr the yellow boy, sot a clip iu the first round wbioli promised to return him wiunor. His host punoh — it may almost bo said his only one— is n left-handor half-swing half-hook, and he got homo on Dixon's right oyo with it two or threo times. Whon Dixon rotnrnod to his cornor no ono laid a finger on him but O'Rourko. For that matter O'llourko did very little in the groom ing lino. There was no swish-swashing of water, no ramming of bottles' nocks into thn brown boy's mouth, and no violent wielding nl fans.- O'Eonrko simply mopped Goorgo's forohead with u pqueczed-out sponge and wliispiued to him. Tlio whispers undoubtedly reforred to that lightuiug left of the oilier fallow's, nnd suggestions wore probably m.uio as to tho best way of smothering it. Then they went up for the second round. Hawkins before long tried again with his lively left, but George's right foroarm was thoro to catch the blow. So it wns for tho remainder of the piece. Dixon had discovered his oppouont's one strong point and knew how to bdllo him. But the runsa and reach ho had to contend with, iu addition to being ever mindful ot that swift-moving loft, forced Dixon into a stylo of fighting that was tnoro than half dofonsivo throughout. He could not roach Hawkins with nn ordinary lead. He had to jump and lash out at tho same time, aiid hit or miss ho needs must clinch after every attempt to smother the return blows. :Tharo was some interesting fiddling for oponings on hath sides, and there were cliuchos on top of clinches. Dixon's loup and lead often enabled him to make connections with Dai's face, but his alertness to avoid a counter oausod his blows to fall lightly. Wliat he lost iu ouo way ho gainod iu uuothoi' by this wijo- awnkcfuluojs, for he kept throw ing Hawkins' left ovor his shoulder and closoly-oroppod head. In most casos it was a Hiuglo attempt from each, and then a clinch, and thero thoy hung until ordored to break. As tho bout progressed Hawkins made use of his right at the ribs, hut Dixon was always on the retreat, and Iho blows had no sting-in tlium. Thou again Dixon thought of a little scheme by which he expected to add solidity to his flying left- handers at Dai's bond. Tho brown boy would back away to the ropos, and draw Hawkins. Thou as Haw kins trussed in and let fly with right or left. Dixou would jump and send in his own laft. The trick worked oneo or twico, and then Hawkins caught on and changed his tactics. It wns a pretty contest from start to finish', but not n brnisiugone. As statod bitforo, it bored the godly but it pleased tho lovers of cluver fencing, and when Referee Jnok Welch proclaimed it a draw the general opinion was that he had sizod up tho situation correctly. . Prior tothoDixou-Hawkinsgo there was a bout between Billy Elmer, n graduate from Iho ranks of tho no torn, and ' OEOItOi: ALLEN, F01UTEKLT OP AUSTRALIA, This thing lasted about thirty seconds,- and when tho'Siiioko cleared awny Allen 'was discovered' trying to imitate ii-mmt who had been kicked iu the solar plexus by a mule. He was more 'frightened than hurt, I ween, and to my mind ho did not behave liko a man who intended to perish in the attempt when be first left his corner. This Elmer is adashing fighter. Like most young Thospians he bus good dear pipes, ; and he is withal cleuu built, muscular, and gamo. Ho is cast for n ton rounds clatter with Dick (Jaso— another fire-eater — on Soptembor 14, andif fur doesn't fly on that occasion it will surprise mo very much. '' On August 4 Spider Kelly and Jnok Evor hardt had a twenty-rounds match at Wood ward's Pavilion. Kelly is clovor; the othor lad is a rusher. Kellv kept oil tbo defensive most of tho timo. und the decision went uguinst him. Everhardt has gouo to New Orleans to box Kid M'Pnrtlaud. A match hctwoon tho winnor nnd Kid Larigne is one of the possibilities of the Carson Carnival. For genuine, unadulterated, faioe-comodv fighting commoiid mo to the Bt.Georgo Club show ou the night of August 11. Two of the bouts woro sorious enough, but tbo main ovent, that betweon ? TOM BALL, 'THE dlAMPION OP THE SEAS,' us tho announcer, dubbed him, and Hurry Baker, of Chicago, was i\ia funniest fight on record. Ball rolled in ovor the billows some woeks ago in a juto ship from India: He hunted up ex-light-weight Jimmie Carroll, and produced a big batch of .well-thumbed newspaper clip pings to prove that ho .was . somowhat 'of a slugger. Ho claimed to have fought a draw with Pater Felix, and also boasted that ho had knocked the pretensiona out of a round dozen of . bruisoru who inako their homos iu Australia. . - ... i \\. Carroll took tho lumbering mariner in tow, and provailcd upon tho St. George Club mium gers to give him a fight with Baker. According to Carroll, Ball showed up well in his training, and when tho all-eventful evening arrived ho developed symptoms of weak heart. They managed to land him in the ring, and that was about all. He tore around the ropes and spreadoagled on tho floor whenevor Baker crept within striking distance It was a new experiouoe for .the spectators, and they juBt howlod. Alox GroggaiiiB, tho i'eferoo,iloaned against tho 'Topes and laughed, and Jimmy Carroll, who was bobind Ball, outored into tho spirit of tho thinif just as soon aa.he oould master the disguHt he felt at hisbig novice's methods. Betweou tho rounds Carroll pourod dippors of ice water over, tho 'Champion of the Seas,' and assured him that all ho had to do to sond his name thundoring down' the ages was tomnstoi-up and I give Baker one lusty swat anywhere between brow and belt. But Ball fonght nary a lick. Ho floundered and flopped, and when seven ronnds had passed tho thine; became monotonous. , Thou Greg gains . ? . ?. '? ??? . .'?????..-??? ?- . ORDEEED HIM OUT OP THE KINO, ' and gave the match to tho olhor man. .. 'Did you win, Bull ?' roared a sarcustio spectator, as Torn shouldered hie way to the dressing-room. ,. ' '', 'No,',' replied the mariner, with an imbo oilo grin, 'the other bloke wou.' , Ball hasn't shown up around the haunts of sportdom siuco that memorable ovoning. Tho chances are that whou he signs articles again it will be for a voyago for some distant' port. . , , ? .???-..' Dick Case, reforred to earlier in my lotter, made his debut on the night that Ball. and Baker met. Case went against Lon Agnew for ten rounds, and just did what ho liked with that game nnd hard-hitting light-woight. Agnew has boxed around Sail Frnnoisoo for a couple of years, and was regarded as one of tho foremost lads in bis division. Ho came here with Joe Choynski, and prior, to tackliug Case only one defeat had bneu recorded against him. That was when ho boxed 'Spider' Kelly, and consented to havo Tom Sliarkey uot no reforee. I was in Nevada at the timo, but I gnthored from what I road and what I heard that tho dooiBiou was a rank one. ' But in Caso's oaso there wasn't the slightest chauco for an argument. Tho now comer prodded Agnow's' face into a musty mass with his left, and ou'tpoiuted him iu everything bnt gameuoBS. There was n good dual of sympathy for Agnew, as he . is a woll-behave'l youngster, but there was Ho dis puting tho fact that be had mot his master. To-morrow night (Friday, AugUBt 20) Solly Smith and Johnny- Griffin, the well- known feather-weights, will tryeonclusions at Wood ward's. On Thnrsday night next ono of tho most important matnhosiof the xensou will he all ordor. This will bo butwoon Goorge Green, tho olevor San Francisco middle-weight — for ho roally is a middlo-woigiht— and JOB WALCOTT, THE BULliET-HKADED NEGRO from O'lvou.l.-e'H stable. ' Juit, at present it looks as if Groon will be a 10 tn S favorite, bnt 'to my way of thinkitng ho has no better than an oven money chance. I fancy the Snn Frauoison sports underrato'.Mr. Walcott. and it would uot surprise me to so-3 him lower Green's colors. ? : Among Iho. Seplombor matches already nrmngod is ono botwoon Wig JooM'Aulirfo nnd durable Jack Stelzner, Fitzsimmon's old training companion. Then thoro will' bo a twenty round contest between Owen Zieglor nnd Eddie Connolly, to. tako iilacoon tho night of Suptcmber 11. This will bn a feature of tho Knickerbocker Club's show, which also in cludes the bout botwoon Cnsm nnd Elinor. For October tho only thing spokv.m of as yet is a 20 i-nnuds betwequ Choynskv and Jeffries. Although the Columbian Atbl-\ tio Association considers the match as good as anado thorn is soArcoly a doubt but that Choj aiski will givo Jeffries the go- by if offorod a di -to with Fitz siinmous at the Novada carnival I 'Kid' Lavigno, the groatost: light-weight of thoin nil, seoms to bo rnstiniTon his oars. Ho hasn't dono anything in tbo hi wing line for some weoks, nnd nccordiug to all. .reports ho is flirting with the flowing bowl in a manner which suggests thut ho will soon: Hud himself on tho down grndo. Laviguo u 'jib to have boxed Griff,) iu Philadelphia some time ago nud he failed to put in an appeal mice. Ono story wns to the offuct that he was 'drunk and incapable, but tho ' Kid ' stoutly ..innounceil that he did not think Griffo wou id put up anything like a doaeut light, and ho didn't want to bo mixed up in a lizzie. FITZPATH1CK AND LAVIQNL' HAD A. i FALLING OUT over (ho matter, and now Tjavigno' has cut loose from Iho man who steered him ;throngh many nhoals iu safety. Thoro hairn boon rumors beforo this of Sam and tho Kid '.drifting apart, bnt this timo there is no miatall'to about it. I hail a letter from JFitzputriokl on tho mibjoct, and ho informed mo that ho \ was no longer Laviglie's mamigor.' \ , It is expected that Ldvigno will bo ;: moro liberal in regard to weight than ho wua ?when Sn.ni waB at Iho head of affairs. If ho r wgins liiaking concessions he will find himself ' con fronted with men liko Walcolt and Green , and thou I'm thinking there will bo trouble n J.eud for the Kid. Ho bested Wulcott onn n, or course, but that was only whou Fitzput rick talked Iho negro into lighting at. a wo ipht which loft him too woak for a bruising bat tie. Walcott at his natural weight is a differ ant personugo altogothor from Wnloott at 133lli . Jim Corbott seems to bo wrapped up in basuball just now to thn exclusion of ovci y t.hing olw. Ho is playing first baso wil-'Ji whatevorclnhs-cnro to biro him as an attr.it -- tipn, nud he has circulars out uunounaiiig lib I open dates and giving figuro* as to tho crowds I be drew at tho points already ' played.' JOHN L. SDLL1VAN is nlso looming up as a basolmll celebrity, bnfc swatting tho ball and rnnuiug bases are not on John L.'s programme. Ho hires himRolf'. out us an iimpirp, and is filling tho bill with Batisfaction to those who engage him and profit to himself. At a gamn presided over by Sully recently in tho East a woman marched out ou tho diamond with nn infant in hor arum and besmight the portly ex champion to kiss tho kid. Sho explained that she had named it uftor Sully, and wanted to be ablo to sny that tho big follow had caressed his little pink uamoxukc. Sully aroso to tho occasion, it is said, and gave tho youngster a chaste mtlule, which sounded like tho release of a champagne cork. According to all ac2onnts, P.uldy SUvin is in a fuir way to make n rich Ktnko. Slavin, iu company with Australian Billy Smith and one or two others, headed for the Alaskan golafields before tho full fume of thcKloudyko diggings begun to spread. Ho is now at Daw son, closo to tho now Eldorado, giving boring exhibitions, and rumor has it that the denizens of tho brand now boom towu thii.k nothing of giviug up 25'lol to sue the members of the Slaviu combination cngago in friendly bouts. Ed. Smith, tho shifty heavy-weight, is now ou his way to Dawson, and expects to draw Sliivin into tho first bona-fide tight ovor given iu that blank region. It is announced that if Smith and Slavin come together the gatu will ho far and away bigger than that which Conper and Bendoif milled for iu South Africa Having nothing vory cheering or compli moutary to tell in reference to ? '' . YOHNG GRIFPO, I will say ns liltloas possiblu about him. She following from a Oiiieinutti paper is tho latest to baud concciuiug him. It may bo exag gerated, and 1 just simply send it for what it New 1'ork, August 12.— Young Griffo is in moro trouble. After ho fought Horace Leeds iu Atlantic City hist Monday night ho visited Philadelphia, wilero be got drunk, and while in that condition rohbod Tom Wilson, of Phila delphia, out of CTdol. Griffo.was arrested, ami when arraigned .in court, wns held iu lOOOdol bail for examination. If Griffo is proved guilty the authorities in Quakorvillo should put him in gaol and throw tho key away. ? 'KID 31 COT and his old rival Tommy liyan are to box at Syracuse, Now York, on September S, thaf. is if tho Kevada carnival developments 'do not have thu effect of sidetracking tlio match. I suppose that if Croodon and il'Ooy sign to fight under Brady's managemaut ovcrythiug else will havo to stand aside, but iu thu event of the Carnival soho.no fizzling out the Hyan iM'Coy affair, will oausc some stir. It was through downing Ryan that iM'Coy's reputa tion received its first boost. . Athletics. Dnring the past four weeks thore havo boon quite a number of important field days across the Eaokied, and one in constantly reminded thnt John Flanagan, the uowly-arrived Irish albliito, is a phenomenal hammor-lhrowor, and that Borny Wcfefa is keeping up his luck ns a sprinter. Sure enough Wofers experienced a set-back at Albany, New York, on August Vw'liou Bobbie Moore,' ot the Now York Athlotio Club, dofcutad him from the one yard mark iu the 100yds dash. Wefors took Moore iuto camp iu thu 220yds or the furlong sprint. At tho Motropolituu Championships iu Now York, Wafers, who ran iu tho colors or tho Now York Athletic Club, won the 100yds and 220yds iu lOsec fiat and 22 2-Ssen respectively. Flanagan, who ' threw ' for tho New 1'orks, nou with . . '??... . -.' ? . A THROW OF 149FT 4}lN, and also won the discus-throwing with 100ft. The Now Yorks won the Championships with (J9 points, tlio Kuickorbockors buing uoxt with 28poiuts. Iu each of Wefer's races Ehriok, of the Kuiakorbnckers, was runner-up. He did not bother Berny much at the shorter distauco, but he made' him hurry during the laBt half of tho 220yds'. . James H. Mayhury, the St. Cloud (Miniio. sota) sprintor is credited with running 150yds at St. Paul, Minn., on July 2-i in l.J, 2-540C. The despatch said ' the track wus in bud condition,' so we aro loft to imagine what Jlaybury would be oapablo of whon all all Iho conditions woro favorablo. It wiiu Muybury who, some little timo ago, ran the huudrod iu 9 4-asoc, and tlio furlong in 21 U-osou on a curved track. His 150vds par formuuee, if there is no mistako about it, is a wonderful piece of work. If my books of referonco are trustworthy the best previous world's record was 14 4-5seo, bold jointly by C. G. Wood, London. England, June 21, 1S87 ; C. H. Sliemll, Burkoly Oval, N.Y., .May 17, 1890,; and Juhn Owens, jun., of Dotroit,' Mioh., September 13, 1890. . , ? ' Wo are all looking forward to tho American, ohampionsuips at Chicago on August i!8. It looks as if . . ' , ''??; '. TIIE GKEATI5ST AGGI5EGATION OF CRACKS this country has over seen will come together iu the sprints. Colfolt, of Princeton, who dofoated Wofors in the 220yds in 'tlio iiitor collogiato Kumos, willprobably be an absentee, f but chore uro others. Wcfers, the presont olmmpiou, of course will defend his title, but there is u suspicion that he will go down bofore tbo mighty Maybury. Wefors uppoars to have gone back on his form of '95 and '9G, it being said that ho hue not dono better than even time during tho prosent year. In addition to Wefors aud JMuybury there aro sevoral promising youngsters, among them Long, of tbo N.Z.A.C., aud R. D. Hoffman. Tommy C-nuoft does uot seem to bo holding his own sinoo ho turned professional. Ho wus defeated same time nuo at a inilo by George B. Tiualer, the English professional, and now I see thoy are to run tho same diBtanoo at Worcester, Mass., ou August 25 for 250dol aside and ' The World's Championship.' On July '21 Charles H. Bean defoatod Com. off iu a 2i miles raoo at Franklin, N.H.. Bouu took the lead at the start and maintained it to tho finish, winning by 10ft in 12min ISioa. This is a reuord-brcaking ago, and tho palm is oluimad for somo out of the way oyo. its. Now comos Huport Jloroor, of Buffalo, N.Y., who swonreth that at amateur games hold at Buffalo, on July 21, bo won a 75yds saok raco in Hisoo, thuR discounting tho performance of Sam. W. See, of BrooUly, who in 1886 oovorod the distanco in 12 2-5300. Also rotisolh Ilia voioo Joseph O'Neill, who assorteth that at tbo same Buffalo games bo did, in a hituh and kick competition, tip tho tambouriuo at a huightof 9ft 5in. C. D. Wolbior and E. W. Goff. both Amorioans, woro thu best previous ' Illicit and kickers,' havini; a riso of Oft lin to their credit. j Yachting. / A ripple of nxailoinent wus caused in yaoht injr circles on this side of the water by a rumor that the old country would soon bo to the fore with a olmllongo,for tho Amorioa Cnp.-' An attempt to voiir-tho rumor made it palpdblo Iliac uono of .Iritish ynchtsmeu luul any intention of mu'tiiig ii bid for the coyotod trophy. Designer G. L. Watson, whou intor viowed at Glasgow, said that if a challongo was oontomplutcd ho cortuiuly wonld:- havo hoard ot it. Jtr. CD. Roso said he did iiot proposo a doscent on America with his now yaoht Aurora, and Peter Donaldson, of the Isolde, remarked that ho had beard nothing of a challenge. Ho added that ho beliovod no ClydoClnb would chnllongo nftor thoDnn ravon linplonsantness— and out of friondHhip for the Royal Yaoht Squadron. All things oonsirterod/it looks BATHER BLUE KOR ANOTHER INTERNATIONAL ? ItACE, ' ?.?.'???? nnlcKS somo rinnttiiohed British yachtsman builds a boat and throws down tho gauntlet. Como to thinlc of it, thore has boon, some International yachting recently. The' froak ' singlo-stioker, Momo, roprcsonted Amorioa in the raoo for tbo Seuwuuhuka Challon^o Cup at Montro.il, and was forced to lowor her oolors to Iho Royal St. Lawrouco Ynoht Club's bham ninn, Gloucairn II. The Momo won tho first oftho-Borios of racos and- Ihon Glonoairn II. won three in Bticcussion. Thu last raco wns sailed to-day, and iih tho conditions wero ?' throe iu five' the Cup will remain in Canada for nnothor year at least. Gloucaii-n II. is owned by Commodore Ross of the Royal St. Lvwronco Club. Sho was designed by Georgo Herrick Duggiut, who also designod tho Cup winner last year. Last yoar's winnor was named Glencairn and this year's Glencairn II. The new Gloncuirn's dimensions ar« : Longtb overall, 32ft 2iu : load water line, 17ft 4in ; bow. 7ft 9in ; stern, 7ft j bourn, 8ft liu; draught, 5Jiu. .-?'.? ESowing. Edward Hanlmi Ton Eyok. tho r young American who oulrnwcd all the 'British amatours in the race for tho Diamond Soulls at Houloy. has been liouisod sinno his roturn tn his native ho.ith. Thoy have dined him and winud him and talked him and toasted him to death, and it all suoms in a groat measure to bo a display of rosunlinont at tlio toasting of a different kind ho roceivod across tho wulor. Posxibly tho coinpliinonls showorod on tho IS years old oarsman have set him to wonder ing whether he is really as good ns his oonntry ini'il think ho is, and had something to llo with keeping him otitof the siuglo skull event at the National Regatta ou the Schuykill, Philadelphia, last week. His plea was that ho was still Buffering from tho effects of soasicknuss, nud that his hands wero toudcr from the hard siego he hud had at Henley. TEN KYCK'S WONDBRFOL rF.ltFOUMANCES ou tho English Hido had unused a revival of rowing to a moral certainty, and tho sporting critics, iu the absence of new professional cracks to writo about, aro recalling tlio douds of men who aro either sloupiug beneath thu ,.Vod or havo retired from the game. 'Priugle.' the well known uuthoril.v, in t- --ply to u question asking him who be uon K Vlored tlio host sculhir tho world over pro duced, rather cottons to ; OLD BILL BF.ACII. '11 ho arguments ho usou will surely bo of in terost to Australian reudors, so I quote him f u lly :— . . ' 'It ia vory rare indeod thnt an nttompt is ma de here to answer questions of this class, for at, best they aro merely matters of opinion ivlu in scullors dead and alivo havo to be com pan id; Hint ia to comparo scullors who havo nori -r contested against each olhor. ''. The samo question is time aud timo again nskci I rogurdingprizo tighturs, and it'is'im possfl llo to tell who has been the best fightur iu the ' world. The ro.isoiis for this are uot hard to und lorstttud. ' Bt it for once a few words will bo snid on this vi vry intoroRting question with thu dis-. tinct in idorstauding that whatovor conclusions very mu 7ty respects, and that therft are no real facts of history to disprove some of them. 'It si .ems to mo that William Beach, the Auscmlii \n. WAS I THE BEST OF ALL SCULLERS. Now, at u dance this will provoke lots of (iissontint '. opinions, for thero aro sncli wonder ful sculU «s ns Hanlan, Gaudnur, Teemor, O'Connor, JScarle, Bunforth, ami Kolly to con sider. ; 'It sect ns to me that all the claims of tho English sc ullers to head the list may bo dis pensed will I, because the bost that havo been there flour Uhed before the modern improve ments wero thoroughly devoloped. '? This In ing the case it is not possible to figuroun.w; iat thoy would havo dono if thoy hud bucn ro- ling uudor improved systems. I am awaro tb it Kully claims thoy would have boon belter t liiui tho scullers of to-duy. But this is at bes' i merely ooujeetural. ' But Beao li has tho bost claims of nil. Ho certainly was a bettor .similar than Hanlau.for ha defeated tl. t Toronto man no less than four times in mate: l races. This shows what a de termined man Hanlan has been, aud wh.it an extraordinary 1 believer iu his own ability he has ever boon. : ' And whou ; 3aach defoatod Hnnlan it can not be said thai '? tho lattor hud deteriorated, for they rowed \ in 1S81, and at that limo Haulau was sun iy as good as he ovor was. ' The fact is that nobody will now contend that Beach was i. ot a better sculler than THK WO NDEBFUL ItANLAN. Tho latter appcii -ud a real wonder until ho mot Beach, bucau. so iu Englaud and America be had beon defeat ing scullers thut had hardly developed into th ) speedy class that subse quently obtainodii i this country. 'And Beach dot. uitod Gaudaurin one of the best races that ov sr tho Orillia man rowed. They rowed ou no. ttrnl watorn, audthon.ee will ever bo roinom be rod us one of the best that ever took place . This raco alouo proved Boaoh'B Bupsnority i Ivor Gaudaur. ' O'Connor was ah etter rower than Toomer, and the formor was 1 leaten by Staubnry, and it has been demonst ;itod that GauiUur is .. bettor sculler than S tuubury ever was. This places Buach far abov a Stuubury. ' But the point wh« ce tho most difference of opinion will oxist is wl ton we come to COMPARE HENltY SI IARLE WITH BEACH. There is little to «uidu as here, utid I daresay that it will ovor he a . location on whieh tho strongest disagreement will occur. 'If thoro ovor was i.i hotter sculler than Boaoh it was Soarle. bi it thoro is nothing to Bhow iu his races Hint ho was bettor than Beach. On comparison botwoon :liim and Stuubury and botwoou tin i latter and Gaudnur, and then betweou Gaud tur aud Beach, the last-named cortuiuly Boom s to have tho batter claim for being tho best ol 'nil. ' It is repeated that th l above are merely opinions, aud that Iho quo etiou cannot be de cided entirely by facts or i (rents ; but it is to bo hoped that these opini ons Trill urouse a greator.intorest in tho sport...'.'. ?-: . ... .. I agroo with ' Pringlo ' V,' iat ' if thoro ovor was u better sculler than Bon ch it wnsScurlo,' and, at tho saino time, I wou; Vl prefer to allow, someone moro intimate with t to qualifications of both men to decide the qr. Ustion. I know that when I stood on tho do. it of the Press boat ou old Father Thames an 1 saw O'Connor and Soarle shoot away from their buoys in their ineinorublo race, I did not think the Aus tralian had much of a ' look in, * as tho sports say. ;:??:.'? '.-. ?-.-'. ::.: .-..?.? '???.:? . ' . ' O'CONNOR WILL BREAK H IS HEART in tho first milo' was what tho 1 lauueks wore saying, but if anyone's heart n us broken it was O'Connor's.' With all his vi tainted spood he could not open up daylight . m the lusty youug Australian,. and tliefuot that O'C'S; almost Bilperliu. nan efforts cam led -him to catch a ' orab ' beforo tho first . luarter wub obvored is a mattor of rooord. It was u pro cession after that, and Tin thiukiu ? Beach at his best would have had harder w. irk to dis poso of the O'Connor of tboso years than Soarlohad. - . ? : . ' ! - ;' I notioo ' Pringle ' makes no rofo tonoo ton tussle between O!Conuor nud Guuda ur, yot I saw them partiuipatein what wus sui -posod to be a bo.m-fido nice on Iho buy nor, 586 from Sun Francisco. It wasn't much of a Btrugglo at. 'Unit, for tho water, was lumpy, n Jd Juke tnrnod it up uftor going a few hundred . yards. But at the time ho cried enough. O' Connor' wild walking away from him liko. a tl ling of lifo, anil I novor could figure Gaudau r u fit match for O'Connor whou bath woro iu i their heyday. JAMES WRAT, THE AUSTRALIAN ROW ER, is lib present in the East, but there dot B not seem to be much in sight for him there i a the way of matohos. I sec he has issued a . shal loiigo to row any man iu tho world, , lake Qaudaur barrod, two or throo miles, for 500 dola nsido. -Hib ohallmigo is mainly direi ttod nt Has Kogors, of Wornostor, Mass. Rogi trs, whooonsidoi's two' miles his specialty, lost to (iauduur over that distauco some months a ?o. Ho appears iu no hurry to take on Wray. I am inclined to think that if Wray gets a matoh at all it will be here ou tho Pad. \o Coast with Honry Potorson, our lono profon sionnl rowor. I understand that a recently constructed dam ou tlio Russian River has formed a fino two milo straightaway, and Peterson is just nnhing to tcBthiv prowess over the now course. Ho has oxprossod a willingnosB to cross paddlos with Wray, and I understand ho will accept Wrny's ohallengo. It IB said thnt interested parties will get up n rowing carnival on the Guernevilloonurno and havo a match hatwocu Peterson and Wray, orPotor sou and someone else for tho star attraction. ; -Tlio Tnrf. Domino, (Icsoribod ns ono of Iho flootost runi.ors tho Amoriaan turf has ovor soon, and one of tho gamest thormighbrods that ovor steppod, diod at JamoB R. ICoeno's Castloton Stud, near Lexington, Ky.. ill the lattor part of July. Thn famous nag's death was oausod by moningitis, and overy thing possiblo. was dono to eavo him, there being no less than six oblebrated votorinary Burgeons employed on the case. When tho nows wns flashed hithor and thither noross tho wiros thoro was as much gonuiho sorrow among turfmen as thoro might hnvo boon had somo well-known and well-hqlovod human being passed away. Domino was tho get of Himyarand Mamio Gray. James R: Koeuo bought him ns a voar ling in 1S92, nud tho following your Domino provod the bost two*yoar-old of 'tho American Turf. Ho put up a now world's record for six furlougR, running the distance in lmin 9seo with 1231b up. As a two-year- old ho started limo lii in cs Find wou ovory moo. cnrniii^ oloso on ISO.OOOdol for his owner in pursos and stakos. As n threc-yoar-old ho was first eight limes, second six, and unplaced twice. As a four-year-old ho was first in nino events, second iu five, third iu two, and unplaced twico. His best performances woro in tho Futurity with 1301b in lmin 12 -l-Ssce, thn six furlongs iu lmin 9«eo with 12Slb up, his dead-beat with Henry of Navarre at a milo and a furlong in lmin 55isoo with 1221b np. Ho ran A MILK IN iMIN 39 2-SsEC with 1121b (weight for age), this being a record for a throc-year-old, and he also whon a throo-ycar-old ran a milt) in lmin 40soc with 1221b up. Hn was considered a 'dead game homo,' bnt did not fancy a Jong ronto, ns his races after ho wob two yoarn of ago proved. Ho wont to the stud yonug, nnd thero will be two crops of his youugstors, Tho burial of Domino wns quite nn imposing ceremony. All around stood with unoovorod heads as tho earth was being shovelled iuto tho big gravo, and when the fuinnui rnnnoi was hidden rrom sight a big wreath of flowers was placed on tho mound. A stono slab (itc wide, and 10ft long, is to mark (ho spot, and on it will he curved tho following : ' Hero lios tho fieotost runnel- tho American Turf has ovor soon, and ouo of tho gamost nud most generous of hontus.' Another death iii pquino high lifo oceurrod when O rest os, the first born of Ormonde in America, bit tho dust. Orestes was buing pre pared for one of tho big events iu the E.iat when he stopped on n nail. Tetanus set in, and tho nag gavo up tho ghost. Orostos was a good deal of a disappointment to owner jruudonongli, who imported Ormoudc. Ho resembled his illustrious siro in conformation, and iu private trials did somo clinking work. When it came to racing tliongh ho generally finished in the ruck, so that it can't be said that ho was very much of a loss. Prom tho way Rosormoudo (Ormonde — Fairy Rose) started out us a'two-your-old it is probable that sho will do moro to keep up tho family reputation than Orostos did. Thoro will bo quite a batch of Ormonde colts and fillies racing hero artor the first of the year, and their porformaucud will bo watched with much interest. , Thoy have a cracking two-yoar-old in tho E.ist iu Hamburg, son of Hanover and Miss Jieel. Ho has won a number ot important ovonts, his best performance undoubtedly boiiiK that in the Congress Hall Stakes at Saratoga on August i, when ho pickod up 13-Mb and ran tho ? . ' ...... FIVE FU11L0N0S IN iMIN lJSEC, winning handily from Archduke by a length. Thoy uro talking of ? semiing Hamburg to England.' ? ?? , ' ' . ' Another galloper' that has dono well this fmbou is Ornnmont, the three-year- old son of Ordor and Viotorino. lia captured tho luter nutioiui! Dorby nt Dotroit the other day, covering tho mile and u half in 2min 3Gsee with 1251b ou his back. This wns Ornament's fourth Derby victory, as ho had already won ' Darbies ' at Lutonin, St. Louis, nud O.ikloy. All the big plungors and bookmakers in the E.ist seem to havo dropped tliatr money in lumps this your with thu exception of quiot goiiiir Pittsburgh Phil. At Brighton a day or two ago ho rakud in 75,0C0dol on four winners, gutting ns good as 8 to 1, against somo of his inoiruy. -a'his brnuitlit -Ilia winnings for tlio Summer np to 300,000do], or ^EGO.OOO, not a par ticularly largo sum surely* but largo when it is considered that ouch of tho other bigger speculators is at least half that amount to tho bud. .. -.:... Asked to DEFINE III8 'SYSTEM' OP BETTING for the bonufit of the rising generation of odds takers, Pittsburg Phil (his nuino is Gobriro E Smith) said:- ? ? ? -.-' 'If you want to win money by turf hotting have no superstitions, no srstoms, no sot rulos or ideas. Shun professional touts and tho tips they offur to sell you as you would shun the plagne. Try to form an intelligent judgmout as to tbo respective morits of the horses und of their jockeys on that particular day nnd track, aud then don't bo afraid to bnok it. Nuyor own any racohorsos yoursolf. If you do it will certain! v influence ronr iudgmout.' Among thoso who have beon 1IAKD HIT OVEI! THE ltACINQ GAME is Mr. 'IP. Dwyor, who took a turn at tho English Turf lust year, and lost Montnuk aud Bouquet owing to tho strict notions English aporta outortuin regarding tho untoring of high-class horses in soiling racos. Dwyor is Iho ownor of lien Brush, the somoti.no speody sou of Bramblo, who landed the Suburban Ho also owns Previous, Ben Edor, Lady Inez, and others ; but, although Brush und Previous havo won a low timos, Dwyer's predilection for taking the odds ou anything ho fancies has left his finaucoB at such an exceedingly low ebb that tho gossips of tho Turf are beginning to rofer to him ua ' broke.' . . CycJiug. : ? I Tho National Championships of tho Leagiio of American Whoelmun wero hold this your in Philadelphia. A board track, threo laps to tho mile, wbh built specially. The races at tracted an attondanoo of 40,000 in two duys— rathor an unusual crowd iu this country. Tho mile championship was won by SW J. Longhead, and he also accounted for tho quarter- milo. Carl Kisor won tho half-mile, and A. O. - Morions the five. Bald, Coopor, aud Sauger, of whom much was expected, weru amongst tho uou-winuurs. Kiser, under Tom Eck's direction, has performed brilliuntly this S0U30I1. . . .'',...- . : JACK PAKSONS finds it difficult to got iuto condition. Ho tried his hand at the racing game nt Trenton, N.J., just beforo tho annual. 'meet of the L.A.W.; but did not qualify for any final. Zimmerman; , sitics ..is return to the path, has not figured iu opeu oompotitions. Ho is iu great demand for exhibition rides his favorite diHluiiau being the uulf-milo. This ho covers onsily ln'-55«oo.' ?'''.?'.'?'' ' Eddio M-Duflle rode a mile in lmin 3S l^Snoo on the ' Charles Rivor Park third-of-a-niilo traok, near Boston, on AugustlS, Thia ia now lUo world's record for that distance. It was duriug LnsnVs attempt to make a now Americiiu rooord for thu hour; paced, that it occurred to M'DufTu to try for. now honors. Tho previous rocoril was lmin 39 l-5soc, m*do in Denver, March 2, 1896, by Billy Hamilton.. M'Dufliu was puued by, n sextette uiid a. ',' quint.' His fractional time was :— Quartor 25aoc ; third; 33 . l-5*e'o'; half, 49 l-5seo ; two ttiirtla, lmiu 5 -.2'5aeo; ? throc- quartors, lmin 13 35siio; milii./lmin 33 1 Saoo. '-.-.'??.:' ' '??', inciEN.LKsNA ' ' ; ?? ?h»s covered himsolf with glory by plucing-to his orodit 'all. American records from 11 miles to 30. The trial was made on August 13 whuu M'Duffiii Buciired tho record for 1 milo. Leunu's intermediate liinoa wore:— 1 mile, lmin 49aoo; 2 miles, Smin 51boo ; 3,' 5miu '.Stoop ; 4. 7iuin 47auo ; 5, 9min 39aeo ; C llmin SSaeo; 7, 13iniu 39seo ; 8, lSmiu 37aoc- 9 17min 3tsuo; 10, 19min. 29auo ; 11, 21miu 28ioc; 12, 23min 27«eii ; 13. 25min 22iou: 14 27iniu.253ec; 15, 29miu 2-lseo ; 1G, 31u-iu 30iuc ; 17, 33min 2GHep; 18, Samii'i 24sou ; 19 . 37miu 31sou; 20, 39min ISseo , 21, -11. nil! ltiaoo ; 22, 43inin 14juu ; 23, 45min 15(oo ; 24 ?17oiin llsec ; 25, 4i)miu S,ee ; 2G, 51min 0-ieu ? 27, 53min lsou ; 23, 54min 59aeo: 29, 5Gmin 57aoc; 30, 5Smin 54wc ;, 30 milos 1030yds and lOiu iu tho hour. These figures represent new American records from olovon miles to the finish, inohuivo. OTTO ZIEaLKR, THE PACIFIC COAST CIIAM ia now racing in Oiogou, and has liii oiigago uieut in San Jpraucisco ou bjapteuibor 9. . It is givau'out by his friends that he will leave for tho colonies iu Soptembor. ? Jonunie Miohaullaiid Frank Starbubk aro matched at 15 miles, -the raco to take place ou a Now York traok to-morrow. Miolmel has not boon defeated in a match race this year, and it ia expected that ho will tako Starbuck iuto camp. ?W; W. NAtranTON. 