NOTES AND NOTIONS. The Coolgardie " Miner" is. on the whole, une ot the smartest journals in %,i»lcny. and il is a pity that sn«h a goixi journal shonld bv spoilt. V»y its sporting work. The alleged sport in its columns is the stupidest reading on earth, ami wonder is that the editor does Hot pi*k lip some. ma» who kaows a hit. about the game instead ot the people now employed. Xow and again iLe if»or; scribe flukes a tip hwme in racing hy religiously follow ing the tips in t-iie " Australasian," a rather seedy sort ot a game o« w liich le build a reputation anjway. Any person «au read the great Melbourne papers aad piok horses as they pick them, and daka the cribbed staill by Early Watcher or Early Biter, or anything else that is early. Though w e don't s«e, anything particularly early about the man who only geVs up in Vime to read the Eas»ern papers and absorb vheir ideas. Say* the telegraias :- The- marriage ot L\ (J. Ji. \ «kj»er. M.l',. to Mrs. Nicholson will take plats® n«xt Thursday at St. John's Churmi ot England. Met bourne-road, Perth. Tho l)oan ot Perth will act. as the officiating clergyman. The newly-married pair will leave, on the same evening by the express train en route to Kaaowna, where they intend spauding the honeymoon. M m, we do wish Mr. Vosper jcy. He ought- to do well, ns the lady m question should be well up in journalism. She was hetwekeoper to Rhys- Joues a few months ago, M'Wen p«)«r old Rhys was separated from bin wife. Jones insured his life for about £3UtK? and made the policy over to his housekeeper, out, of pure friendship, of course, it/s a way journalises have of showing their friendship. Jones dies, the housekeeper sues for the £3U00 aud gets it : and our dear deniocratie friend Vosper, slips in a matrimonial brief and marries .Jones' housekeeper next Thursday. Wo shan't be surprised to see the ghost of good old Jones disturbing that honeymeon. To-day «ne of the highest- Covennniint officials called at this »fiice to consult with us about the water famine now getting in its deadlv dirty work in Boulder City, and we convinced him that water is as scarce a* whisky, and not- as good in this centre. He has to report to Covernmewt promptly e the proposed well, and we hope we will oon see the work started, and we may hope o get water before Christmas if we are ucky, and the I>ord knoweth that- we need t and need it badly. Mick l)onnellan. the popular publican at hite Feather, has been arrested on a harge ef manslaughter for alleged killing of im Langham in Donnellan's Hotel the day before yesterday. We do not know the pariculars of the easu. but we are pretty eertaiw that if Mick Donnellan did kill the man he ust have done it unintentionally, and further we feel in our bones that the man must have been misconducting himself badly before Donnellan would have hint him. Our council held a special meeting last night, and. all things eonsidered. got through all right. Of course at the present time " procedure " is a bit upside down. There are no standing orders, and until there are one cannot expe«t everything to b« O.K. ConneilloiH should, we think, give and take a good dual jssi now. It is uci gbod being a stickler for procedure at the initial meeting of any institution. Exuupt in eases where the ratepayers miglst be AtVected, such as the appointment of persons to monetary positions, Ike., breaches of the " usual course " should, we think, be overlooked. One cannot expect a lot of gra^s-fed .'fills to be a< much at home in the collar a-< roadster:-, and neither can the hip be r he aciwc of perfection until he understands his team. Another thing to be taken into consideration just now i» that there are manv matters thai ir^uir'- immediate aU-ention. and that will nut admit of delay, no that, until the sijuare corners art taken off our difficulties it in uol wise to he " particular." The notices of motion, for instance, given by Cr. King at a special meeting cannot proporlr be brought forward to be dealt with at an ordinary meeting, but they are all matters of paramount inip«rkm»ee, and btm e the slight digression skotild be overlooked. Another anomally which oRcurred last night was that the Mayor s report, was adopted on the motion 3i_Cis. Mi Hep and ; > ' ! : 1 | jII I"' 1 Weil' called upon t.<< disc\i>uc.-a ii nit-' arisinc ,,ul <>)' the report, which thc\ did, and carried HUM MM-, later I on in direct opposition to the o port tiny j hoi adopted. This. ..t •.••!-, w.e only 11 J slip, and we only mention 11 so I ha t it will | not occur a^ain. i Taking I he t „ meet m - ..." lie . . .-HM-II 1 hat have lire11 held as criterion ue ihmk j the "City Fat lurs" a ml I li<i r n o> t h Mn\or have done reinarKntjh well, and we h.,yc no i douht thai when thi \ settle ii.,\\\n to their ' wxrk the\ vs. i 11 In a 11 v <• i nM H n I ion s i credit as w ell a 1 - a I icneli I to the t • i',', n 