NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. A Theatrical Marriage BY ELDER BRUCE [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) This prospect however did not seem of on enlivening type to my wife, for she sighed profoundly and began turning her ' Mascotte' bracelet round on her arm. 'Who told you !' she said at last, 'Miss March.' 'No, she did ; it does not matter who told me, it was done for your own good.' Another still deeper sigh. ' I thought they were going, before I was ill,' I added irritably. " Who !' ' The Marchs !' she re- turned deliberately misunderstanding me. 'No,' 'Steele and Baker, confound them both.' She put her head on one side, and smiled complacently. 'I expect,' she said maliciously, ' they could not leave Miss March behind.' I said no more, but I began to con- sider how it was my wife seemed so changed to me, I could hardly think her the same girl. I tried to recall if when I first knew her. she had in any way given promise of being what she now seemed to me. I did not then take into consideration that the complete change of position and circumstances were to blame for this, not wilful deceit on her part to appear what she was not. Of course in her previous life, her selfish- ness and heartlessness were kept in abeyance, but all restraint gone they developed at once and assumed alarm- ing proportions. Doubtless I had also undergone a metamorphosis in her eyes. This view of the case did not occur to me till long afterwards. I only re- called bitterly what Jim had said of her, and expected fulfilment of his quo- tation. 'Full of all subtilty and all mischief, thou child of the devil.' I looked into the future with positive dread—tied for life to a creature, who had neither heart nor principle, as it seemed to me. Who acknowledged no law but the whim of the moment. I was intensely sorry for myself. What cruel fate was it, that had led me into so grave a dilemma; yet had anyone accused me of fickleness, I would have scorned the idea—conscious though I was, of an unfortunate lack of continu- ity in my disposition it, did not, I be- lieve, in serious matters develop into fickleness. When one pursues a study of any kind, human or otherwise, and when you have mastered it, and it ceases to be interesting, surely it would be passing too severe a judgment to call an inclination to drop that study because wearisome, fickleness. Poor Willie interested me no longer, she filled me it is true, with a vague sense of dismay and horror, of the type, pos- sibly felt by the sailor in the Arabian nights, who on uncorking a harmless looking bottle, found smoke coming forth, which rapidly formed itself into the shape of an evil Genii, an anthro- poid possibly, and menaced its rescuer with all kinds of disagreebles. The sailor, it is true, managed by a wily scepticism as to whereabouts, to beguile the unsuspecting Genii into the bottle again, upon which he promp- tly corked him up, and threw him back into the see. I had uncorked a meta- phorical bottle, and its contents menaced the happiness of my future, but, alas there was no way out of the difficulty for me— I could not beguile my anthropoid Genii back into its bottle cork it up, and throw it into the sea, and go on my way triumphant at the ready wit, that had saved me. Fable and fiction usually help the hero out of his dilemmas by some unexpected stroke of good fortune but real life is the actual opposite to this. When in a serious difficulty your position is far more likely to be aggravated by some unexpected aid, and if you do struggle through in safety, you are likely to bear traces of that struggle for some considerable time. The hero of fiction is invaluable—that of real life vulnerable. My perplexities were greatly in- creased by the fact that the hotel bill, and our general expenditure had far exceeded that sufficiently wide margin I had given them. We had been liv- ing at the rate of £5000 a year. An appearance of wealth always brings higher charges, and drawing in sail, is an act that requires more moral courage and prudence than I could bring to bear on the situation. I was forced to write to the Colonel for another cheque. This was a great humiliation to me, it was the first time since I had had an allowance, that I had ever exceeded it in any way, or had to apply for assist- ance to him. I had taken some pride in this. It was several days after my remon- strance with Willie that one morning I knocked at the March's sitting room door. — I had seen the Major. go out—jesuitically intending asking for him. 'Enter!' said Jacqueline's clear voice. Instead of the usual ' Come in,' she always said Enter.' 'I thought it was your knock,' she said after we had shaken hands. ' If you want to see Colin, he has just gone out.' ' And if I want to see you I may stay ? I said, allowing so much senti- ment to creep into my voice and man- ner as I dared. She gave me the ' elderly' smile I loved and yet dreaded to see, as she answered,' ' Why, certainly. Are you quite well now, or shall I treat you as an invalid and suggest this chair ?' She put her hand on the back of an easy chair as she spoke, and my eyes went from her face to her slim, stronglooking white fingers. I would have liked to have stooped my head and kissed them. ' I am all right again, thank you very much,' I answered, feeling the uselessness and impractibility of my desire. She as as far from my reach as the star her namesake in Meredith's poem used to look at and speak to. ' Are you sure I am not disturbing you,' I added, as I noticed she put a marker in the book she had been reading, prior to shutting it up. ' No, I am glad to see you,' she said frankly. ' I am, as a rule, fond of being alone; but sometimes I want the society of my fellows. This morning is one of those occasions.' This was the first time I had ever heard her speak of herself, and I told her so. 'All the talks I have had with you,' l added, and never once have you spo- ken of yourself.' She looked at me with interest. 'Have I not? ' she said. 'I did not know I had been so forebearing, for I am afraid I think to much of my- self. I don't mean that I am conceited, but I dwell too much in my thoughts on my own past, future, and the 'ifs' that we trouble our souls with when we are in communication with them.' As she spoke her strangely coloured eyes gazed before her, and in their ex- pression it seemed as if they had looked sorrow too long in the face over to re- flect sunlight again. Once we commence these mental communings we are apt to entertain too many ghosts for happiness. Mis- takes, weaknesses, vacillation, ill founded hopes, all come back to us, and chatter in a deafening chorus of disillusion and disenchantment. It was evident to me that she was think- ing aloud, and though conscious of the deep significance of her words, I felt I could not venture to make a reply that would remind her of how far, though inadvertently, she had taken me into her confidence. So when she finished speaking I took up the book she had lain down, and looked at it ; it was a magazine, and I opened at where she had put the marker. My eyes fell on a verse of poetry, evidently a quotation-- 'The shining air seemed in a swoon, When by the shadowy banks we trod, And as in some strange chilly noon, The long waves glittered up to God ; Softly the sighing from the sea, Touched us, and flirted closely by, And then there came a thought to me— The thought that you and I must die.' She listened to me as I read part of the verse aloud. 'Is not that a pretty verse ?' she said as I finished. Her voice had lost all depth of feeling, and resumed its usual cold tones. 'I wish I knew the author, it is so tantalizing to admire a verse, and not know the source it came from.' 'I have often experienced that,' I said. Then after a moment's pause, I went on speaking now with the recol- lection of the Major's confidences fresh in my mind, and a vague longing to give comfort of some kind. ' I remember admiring very much a piece of poetry I had, called' In a war prison.' I tried to find who the author was, but in vain. His idea was a lover chained in a war prison, with no means of let- ting the girl he loved know his fate. He pictured her wondering on the shore, waiting in the house, sleepless in the night, and always thinking and wondering if he were false or dead, till worn out with hope deferred she died herself.' 'What a pretty idea,' Miss March said looking at me as she spoke, with sudden attention.' But the poor girl had to die to learn of his trouble, so you see the knowledge came rather late to do her much good.' ' But it never does to pick poetry to pieces in that way,' I objected. Not quite at my ease under her steady scru- tiny, for it seemed as if she was divin- ing my motive in quoting the poetry to her. ' As a rule I am too fond of poetry to vivisect it,' she returned, recalling her gaze, and I like the verses so much I wish you would copy them out for me if you remember them, ' and I promise,' —she lifted her clear blue eyes to mine again, and looked at me with a half smiling, half melancholy air,—' not to vivisect any more, only to appreciate the moral, which I understand to be a merciful judgment, advisable on an absent lover.' It was patient to the dullest compre- hension that she had understood. I felt distinctly embarrassed as I promi- sed to write out the verses for her; but she came to my rescue, with her usual tact by changing the subject easily and naturally. After this thought, I could never think of her as having had her heart broken. CHAPTER XVII. MY PRIZE IN THE LOTTERY IS A BLANK . There were races the next week, and Willie was smiling and mysterious about a marvellous gown she intended taking as all by storm in. ' She had designed it herself,' she told me with rather a grand air; but the carrying out of the design had been entrusted to a local dressmaker. Messrs Steele and Baker were greatly interested in it, never failing to enquire about its progress. ' It fits splendidly,' Willie said in answer once, ' and I am sure it will be the prettiest dress on the course.' Certainly my past experience of my wife's taste in dress should have pre- pared me a little for the shock I received on going into her room on Cup day to tell her the coach was waiting. But accustomed to seeing her in her correctly appointed trousseaux dresses, I had pretty well forgotten that she had ever been attired otherwise. ' Good Heavens, Willie,' I exclaimed, 'you are not going in that dress, are you ?' For the much talked of gown was a glaring combination of red and gold, with a bonnet and parasol to match. Even to my inexperienced masculine eyes it was patent that it was both vul- gar and bizarre. She was sweeping up and down in front, and then backward and forwards alternately, before a che- val glass, gratified vanity in every line of her brilliant face, her parasol poised over her left shoulder. It was clearly a full dress rehearsal. She turned round with a startled air as my ejacula- tion broke in upon her, the full signi- ficance of which she had been too much engrossed to grasp. 'Does it not fit splendidly !' she cried out, smoothing down the silk at her waist, and gazing fondly at the reflec- tion in the glass, 'And the train, Jerry it hangs beautifully.' Backwards and forwards she went again, never glancing in my direction. I was an audience too insignificant for it to be worth her while to note my ap- preciation, should it be there to be noted. The longer I looked, the plainer became the enormities of her attire. The dress was more yellow than red, but both colours asserted themselves triumphantly; her bonnet was a tower- ing mass of the same flaring combina- tion; and presently my dismay and horror merged into a determination not to take out such a vulgarly dressed woman. She must change it, or stay at home. 'Look here,' I said as gently as I could, ' Don't think me unkind, but I can't take you out in that dress.' This reached her ears, for she turned round on me suddenly, her long train swishing and rustling from the sudden- ness of her movements. 'Not take me ! Why ?' she cried, her pretty face crimson, her voice sharp, ' What is the matter with the dress ?' 'Everything is the matter with it,' I retorted. 'Now, for goodness sake, Willie, don't make a scene, but change it quietly, and be a good girl. You would be the laughing stock of the lawn in such a get up. It is fearful !' 'Fearful !' she repeated, her voice shrill and trembling with rage. 'It is lovely ; it is you who are mean, horrid, and detestable'—at each adjective she struck her gloved hands together fiercely—' and want to spoil my plea- sure. I tell you I will wear it, and I hate you—I hate you.' It was the first time I had seen a woman in a rage, and I did not find it a pleasant experience. 'Come, come, Willie,' I answered angrily. ' Don't make a fool of your- self. You look a perfect mountebank, a Merry- Andrew, in that dress; but if you persist in wearing it you must stay at home, that is all about it.' I looked at my watch. ' You have ten minutes to change it in,' I added, turning towards the door but with a spring like a tigress she was at it before I could reach it, her back against it, she faced me defiantly. 'I will wear it, Jerry,' she said, her voice still trembling, her whole face disfigured by passion. 'I will wear it—you cannot prevent me.' My temper rose then. 'Let me pass, I cried, 'and try and behave a little like a lady—not like woman in a rage.' The next thing I was conscious of was a tingling, half-stunned feeling on each side of my head. As I had tried to pass her, she had soundly boxed my ears. With a stifled oath, I took her by the arms, and held her in a vice. It took all my self-command to keep me from forgetting she was a woman and my wife, and shaking her thoroughly. As it was, the grasp I held her in was not a tender one. 'Never you dare do that again, Madame,' I said, through my tighly clenched teeth. 'You have no decent feeling in you. I should think, after all the sacrifices I made in marrying you, you might give in in such a trifle without disgracing us both in the way you are.' As I spoke I glared angrily into the pretty face that had betwitched me, and that I was now very near hating. My violence seemed to frighten her. She cowered back in a shrinking way, and seemed to forget her rage in her terror. 'I knew—I knew'—she said in a moaning voice—'that the Prince would reproach Cinderella afterwards, and re- mind her of her clothes. 'Oh, I wish —I wish—you had never married me, left me in them.' I slowly released her arms—a little dismayed at her sudden change of manner. I saw her again on the seat in Fitzroy Gardens; her face dimpling and girlish, so unlike in expression to what it was at this moment. Her hands free she covered her face, and moving towards a chair, threw her- self on to it, and began to cry noisily. I looked on, still seeing in my mind's eye, the gardens, and hearing her say in answer to my remark (' he would be a sorry part of fairy prince, if that was how he turned out.) All the same, I believe he used to, when they quar- relled, he'd be sure to remind her how he rescued her from the ashes and her stepsisters.' 'Alas,poor Cinderella, your prince had turned out a sorry attempt at one, poor Cinderella ; and also poor prince, too. Willie sobbed on noisily, and I stood still, with one hand on the door, my eyes fixed on vacancy. How much longer we should both have stayed thus, I do not know, but a clear, decisive knock at the door, made me drag my hand off it and stand to one side. ' May I come in, Mrs. Fitzgeorge !' said the mesmeric voice I had grown to know so well. ' Willie sprang up; Oh yes, come in, come in,' she called out excitedly. The next instant Jacqueline March stood between us, looking in a vaguely astonished way from one to the other. I half made for the door, and then the magnetic influence I always felt in her presence crept over me, and I kept my ground, motionless and sullen.' 