THOMAS JARVIS INTER-Kt' VIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our repre sentative madehis way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his f face declared him to be one of the I happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the t knock at the door. Although pale and I bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was s very clear that he was an invalid on v the rapid road to convalescence. f In reply to the preliminary questions, e he said : "You' want to know all about I my case ? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I Swas." - " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About r five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street Sydney. Since the accident I have been in fail n ing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the h Glebe Island." s "What were the symptoms ?" a "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. it They were for all the world like as if a n saw were cutting my bones in two in s every part of me. I had no control d over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. s- I was incessantly shivering and shaking, d and could neither eat or sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave .me'an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" d "No ; I came home and went to d bed, and have been pretty well in bed er ever since. Five, weeks ago I conld is not walk across the floor; in fact, I It could not get out of bed. I felt then e that it was all over with me, and only a is question of days when I would give up :r the ghost. My doctor was attending ,; me, and did all he could, by opium it and morphia pills to ease the agony I ts was in. I was under him for five or six If weeks. He came to the conclusion is that I was suffering from Locomotor e- ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, s a disease of the spinal cord, character n ised by peculiar disturbances of gait, e and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary 'n movements. He told me that I might t last for ten years, and that I might' s never get the use of my legs. (Just o then the patient kicked his legs about h with energy to show that medical e opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a d drowning man will grasp at a straw, I e grasped at an'idea conveyed by the ad e vertisement describing the cure effected y in the case of another boiler- maker in England, which I read in the " Aus , tralian Workman," by Dr. Williams' d Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which e seemed to fit my own. I determined y to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, ft and sent for a box. The effect was as" d marvellous as it was magical. I was a able to eat and sleep as though nothing e was the, matter with me.. It was the a first appetite and rest I had for many a d day. It was incredible. I" "imme d diately left the bed and was able to e move about. I have takeu four boxes d of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, d and am now taking the fifth box. I y can walk about with the aid of a stick, s if and am gradually, but surely, recover e ing my former vigor and vitality. You g see those .crutches there? -They are I perfectly new, and I have never used e them. They were made for me before e I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak ] e to use them, and now I don't want them. 1 All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly e regaining my strength." f " He is too per cent. better," said SMrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made I another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, I said that Jarvis looked ten years younger than he did a fortnight pre viously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, I "' have a cold bath, and all the feeling n has come back in my legs. If I keep 1 on going the. way I am, I hope to be t able to re-ume work as a. boiler maker, and you know I have to be in , the very pink of health and strength to a work at that trade. I am better to-day y than' I have been at any time during f the past five years. I ascribe all the I' change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. . On -the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which I the doctor gave me'to deaden' the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay ci where they are, for I no longer need cl them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. 