WOMAN'S WORLD. As usual, Rumour was busy all the year assuring thé world in general that the dressing at Royal Ascot in June was to be of the quietest. It was ridiculous in the first place to hint at such a possibility in this reticular year, which has been one long round -of gaiety, and though the rumour was accepted passingly by the multitude, each individual was fully deter- mined to dress for all she was worth. The weather was glorious, and never before, perhaps, were so many miles of lace and ribbon called upon to decorate the frocks of Fashion's devotees. Every gown was trimmed from' neck to hem with ribbon, chiffon, and jewelled lace. There were two distinctive qualities which no one could fail to remark in the dressing this year, and by a strange coincidence these had to do with the two extremities of the female form divine. The one was the curious absence of towering structures in the way of millinery, and the other was the fearful and amazing number of coloured boots and shoes. What think yon of emerald green Morocco shoes worn with hosen of grass green lace on the Trilby if the present ? ' '-'One Pallas-foot drawn back, revealed thè azure of her hose," is a couplet that will have to be re-written by a poet of the new era. White, grey, green, and tan were the colours patronised at Ascot, black shoes being worn by not more than a dozen at most. It is a great mistake this sudden craze amongst English women for fantastic tints in shoes, for their feet are notably their worst point, but when society does it en masse there is no one left out to make invidious remarks, and every one is happy. And then, you see, as they have conceded a point in the matter of hats they claim the right to turn their attention to shoes. For there were no tall hats at Ascot this year; .towering aigrettes and nodding plumes were turned into flowing tufts of paradise plumes, and the flower decorations round the brim scarcely varied in height, These brims, whether 'fluted, turned up at the back, or plain, were positively narrow, and, as usual, were jauntily tilted downwards over the left eyebrow. Yesterday morning I arose from dreams of some of the lovely gowns-dreams that have followed me through the day and come between me and my duties, and re- fuse to bo driven away by any other than the true and tried method of passing them along to somebody else. When Mark Twain was haunted through sleepless nights and days by a terrible^jingling rhyme that " would not let him be," he just managed to save his reason and lay the ghost by teaching the rhyme to his friend-and thus do I. Pale grey, hyacinth blue and lettuce green were the favoured colours. The Princess of Wales appeared in a delicate pearl silk gown, and wore her favourite "princess" bonnet in white. The Duchess of York honoured pale blue. Lady Pearson wore à skirt of chiffon on a cream satin foundation with cherry coloured lace insertion; the corsage was Irish lace, trimmed with gold embroidery, which was outlined with a narrow cherry j coloured velvet cord. Dorothy, Viscountess j Cantelnpè wore pale blue foulard, tho j bodice having a yoke of guipure lace pnd j trimmed with chiffon rucbing. Mrs. George [P?ck donned à lovely frock of blue aui j and embroidered in * turquoise and stëêK finished at the neck, waist, and hem with pale blue crept} de Chine. Miss Neville wore dove grey cashmere with bolero bodice arranged over a vest of green silk j veiled in clinton, the sleeves of .cashmere having insertions of silk and chiffon. Lady Terence Blackwood appeared in a dainty frock of cornflower blue chiffon and lace, white sleeves and wide girdle of white j chiffon falling to the hem. Lady Sophia Scott wore the finest Indian maslin, em- broidered applique of muslin over eau-de Nil silk on the skirt, soft folds of muslin edged with lace at eitber'side the green silk vest, and a shot green glace sash. Mrs. Farquharson's frock was pale blue crepe de Chine, the skirt trimmed with flounces of lace, an applique of lace and steal embroidery on the corsage, and a long white chiffon sash. The Hon. Sirs. Orr Ewing wore blue grenadine over blue silk, with an embroidered pinafore bodice and a vest of cream chiffon. The Baroness Campbell wore white silk grenadine em- broidered in black and white, the pouched bodice having rosettes and sash of black moira ribbon. Mrs. Beade Bevell was j dressed in pale grey voile, embroidered in ] butter-coloured guipure ; the sleeves were tucked grey chiffon, with insertions of ! cherry-coloured silk and a pointed tucked belt of tbe same. Mrs. Filtman's dress was j green silk, the bodice embroidered in I cream and palo blue and rows of cream : chiffon quillings on the skirt. Need I say more P I think, this is enough te give us an idea of what may be done even here in a modest way when these cold east winds and rains ore over. It is not the season for novelties. Ii you go down town and even hint at a desire to see something new the people in the shop think you are a dangerous lunatic at large. *' Not for another five weeks at the very least-" they answer, " Why the j sales have hardly begun yet !" One little nick-nack is promised shortly, and that is a new hat pin which has been'invented by a ! London milliner. It isn't a thing that goes any-easier through the mass of velvet, j cr even the "Simple Sailor," I regret to j say. The new hat pin also props, goes ona little way, squeaks and then plunges wildly forward, while we shut our eyes and for one moment think of eur lost end, but it is more ornamental, and that is something gained. Thé heads are now composed of those pretty little enamel flags and designs with which we were wont to secure the veil, and are quite pretty, except, of course, at that terrible business end which stands out at the other sid». I have had a description in advance of some of the Spring parasols, which are to be things of beauty and of quite terrific cost. One is in cream lisse, with a flight of hand painted butterflies at one side, and a deep flounce of cream lace, the handle being gun metal studded with diamonds. A socond had beautifully em- broidered roses on a foundation of delicate blue silk. , One of the many gifts received by the Queen this year was a lovely sunshade, presented by the Bight Hon. C. P. Villiers, "the father of the House of Cemmons." It is of beautiful black lace, the handle, being gun metaL set with festoons of fine white diamonds, and crown and mono- gram of the same, and bears the inscrip- tion, "Presented to the Queen by Her Majesty's oldest parliamentary subject, C. P. Villiers.'* 1 Lace cansouks, "bran new fra' France," - promise tobe popular. They are really lace blouses without sleeves, having a flounce of lace sewn on beneath the satin waistband. Guipure and heavy embroideries are chosen for- these cansouks, as they are made separately from the bodice and may be worn over any dress, and a flimsy texture would soon lose its shape. Nearly all white dresses have insertions of yellow em- broidery, and even the blue foulards which ore again in such favour are not considered complete without^ deep collar of heavy yel- low lace. Quaint old Garibaldi bodices have returned te us after many days, and very sweet they look on a slim figure with their .innumerable little tucks and frills. A pretty model was made in check silk, the check being tiny bars of green, white and blue, I quite the prettiest design of all once we know that it is fashionable. The bodice i was mode a good deal pouched, the front I being a mass of the wee tucks we see on baby linen, with frills of half-inch wide i Valenciennes at intervals, the whole fitting into a two-inch bond of the silk. 