New Zealand. (PKOM OUa SPECrAL CORBK8PONDKNT,) WELLINGTON, July 28 We have had other happenings, but I wilt make this letter a aeries of Tillettisms. To-morrow the British Labour leader and Socialist leaves our shores/having dwelt among us seeking health for more moons tban the ordinary visitor stays — and whether we shall aee him again who knows ? Ben Tillett is off to Australia, with a big programme in his pocket-book ; but he is far from being in the health he should be in to tackle a series of lectures in Australia— therefore, deal mercifully with him in the matter of speaking at your receptions. Labour has already worn him; let it not break him completely. * « * For my epistle this week 1 have taken the main points in a series of lectures which ? Ben, has just delivered ,__tn_WeHington ere leaving u«. They give a very good~uiea 'of the furcefulness of the man ;-thcy show his thoughts and theories, his comparisons of the state of things ia the old and the new worlds, and form the best method of telling you what you may expect when ycu meet him; ? '-? — ? — * * * 'Alderman Ben Tiilett' is what our Wellington press, has been calling Ben Tiliett, Socialist and Labour leader, during his second visit to this city. He came first some moons ago, straightway fell foul of the press, and they went for him bald headed, In the interim these newspaper chaps have found that Ben was one of the original London County Councillors, hold ing common fellowship with Onslow and Rosebery, et hoe genus you know, and is still of the L C.C.— hence Mr. Alderman Tilletr, # * # Speaking on Social Reform, Ben got off aeveral good things, and was particularly heavy on our boasted institutions. Run ' tiil«%i*^tt|f-9«4hroiigh-his 4imple4oeks, jis_ though to get further strength, be spread out his arms, and in beautiful flights of rhetoric he demolished our cherished idols one after 'tother. With all our chances we had failed to recognise the democracy of learning that was essential to the people's good. In the material things of life the coarsest savage was ahead of us. No savage, however degraded, ever practised such atrocities upon his fellows as the wealthy practised upon the poor to-day. Where the savage killed! the one, the wealthy of to-day killed the many ; where the savage killed expeditiously,. the em ployer killed slowly and painfully by poverty and starvation. One multi millionaire would murder more men and women in one year than all the scoundrel murderers in the world. And yet the gallows was for the one and a peerage for the other. — * # *~~ Indeed, we were only saved from slum dom (you have your slums, more disgrace to you ! quoth Ben) by the boundless tracks of unused country and scarce population. He did not accept it as a truth that the class differences did not exist in New Zealand. The squatters, the merchants in wool or mutton, the shipowners, and the other trades, each had their organisations, all allied with the capitalistic organisations in Great Britain. Our municipal and political institutions were dominated by the landed, squatter, trade, or merchant class, all of whom lived on profit, interest, dividend, or unearned increment. Either the landed, merchant, or liquor interest owned our press. In New Zealand we had the obsolete Party Parliamentary system. To have a healthy Government, free from jobbery or logrolling, we should have each of the public departments under the control of a committee representative of the Houee itself, instead of under the control of one Minister. Instead of men wasting their time listening to dreary speeches, the con structive ability of these men should be advantageously employed on committee work. The department under a committee would be a healthy, uncorrupt, and effi cient department. # * * And just fancy! in municipal masters old Britain was ahead of New Zealand's present position twenty years ago. # * * .., ? - Finally, the worker, to remedy all evil, must lay down. a programme of Socialism— he must widen his sphere of thought till it included all that meant the progress and improvement of the State. Little wonder our Evening Post (Gresley Lukin, editor) exclaims editorially to-night; 'Whether one agrees with Mr. Tillett's politics or not one cannot but admire his straightforward ness and his downright way of putting things.' ' # * *r The policy of the Queensland WORKER is stoutly maintained by Tillett, who is very severe on Labour members who servilely ally themselves to political parties. Thus allied, he claims they place themselves in a similar position to the , . . young lady of Riga, Who went for a ride on a tiger. At the end of the ride The girl was inside, And a smile on the face of the tiger ! The Labour reps, he regards as mere nobodies—the real power was behind the party representation. # * * As to the vaunted superiority of New Zealand, he failed Utteiiy to see it, and he pointed out that acordinp to our last census we had 18 ©00 people unemployed. The proportion to the population was little better than in the Old Country. The reason was that we had conduced our . . . . Labour was supposed to be pretty well off here, but if it could be fifty times better off, why not? Why should the people not have a bit of carpet, or a piano? It was only the intellectual and social prigs that would deny them such thing?. .... In N.Z. the workers could send to the House three- fourths or seven-eighths of the representative?, for in this country there was no excuse for L ibe ur being disorganised. If they would only give la. a year they could build up au organisation so poweiful in its influence that capital. would not stand the ghost of a chance against it. * * * The Wellington Typo. Society has already passed a resolution to the effect that it will, contribute Is, per member towards a fund to keep Ben Tillett in this colony as an organiser— if he'll stay. * * # Ben took occasion to crawl all over the memory of John Bright thusly: 'The reforms advocated by the Chartists were, however, combated by men like Cobden and Bright, and, much as he admired the many qualities of men like John Bright, he was bound to say that it was through them that the first great betrayal of Labour took place. The Radical Party which they headed was then, and had been up to this day, the most aggressive opponents of Labour concerning legislation. They were not the real friends of Labour, but they patronised Labour as if it had no brains, and sometimes as if it had no rights. In this respect no more aggressive, sordid, selfish man than John Bright ever lived It was because of his eloquence, his humanity, and his power that he suc ceeded. He led the battalions with all the tact of a skilled general and all the eloquence of a sophist. Thus it would be seen that Labour had to fight its way in the Legislature against great odds, and it was a very funny state of things that a titled aristocrat in the person of Lord Shaftesbury was the man who fought against the Radicals for the abolition of one of the vilest form of human' slavery. Later, under men like John Stuart Mill and Frederick Harrison, Labour progressed. * * * On Sunday night in our Opera House (crowded), Sir Robert Stout in the chair, Ben gave an address on 'Religion and Socialism. ' He was in the best of humours. He explained that he had been induced to speak on the subjecb chosen by Socialists who were in doubt as to their relation with religion and religionists who were in doubt as to their relations with Socialism. Religion of some kind had always existed, but not as a separate entity. Its power, in spite of the small number of its enthu siasts, had been so great that it must in a very large measure be held responsible for the unsavoury economic conditions which exist. At its outset Christianity was Communistic, but soon it became political, and in spite of Reformations and Non conformity the Churches cared more for their political power than for the spread of brotherhood. This was their disgrace. Socialism was a question wholly apart from religion as it was from art or literature. It was essentially an economic theory, and took no concern about its professors' religion. It was a science concerned with the organisation of society for the produc tion and distribution of wealth. It desired to give the community the commodities it produced ; it wanted to democratise institu tions, leisure, education, and the comforts of life, but it did not concern itself directly with religion, although it was in accord with the real principles that underlie, or should underlie, all religion. The Churches had failed in their duty, and Socialism was a regenerative force, based on economic principles but acting independently of them. Poverty was the cause of misery, vice, crime, and drunkenneses ; Socialism would remove it, and therefore Socialism could be accepted independently of creed or Church. * # # In conclusion, one sentence of one of his speeches may be taken as Ben Tillett's message to all colonial workers : ' Hang together or you will hang separately. Stick together. Your Parliament should he a really - representative institution. You should see that the land is for the people and the people for the land, and your nation a democracy of brotherhood — a mighty nation making for all that is great and glorious and noble.' ? # # # Bon voyage, Ben ; may good health lay in wait for you, vigour attend your goings about, energy come back to your frame, and listening ears and willing hearts meet you at ^BveTy~1«ro,-aijd--3odH3e^?ith you till we meet again. Tom L. Mills. ALDEBMAN BEN TiLLETT, 