The Ghost Upon the Rail. CHAPTER IX. The anxiously-looked-for day of trial came. The court was crowded with persons in every grade of society, from the highest to the very lowest. Mr. Smith stood in the dock as firmly and as composedly as though he had been arraigned for a mere libel or com- mon assault - the penalty of conviction not exceeding a fine and a few months' imprison- ment. The case was opened by the Attorney General, with the greatest fairness imagin- able, and when the witnesses gave their evi- dence (Weir, Hamilton, Williams, and Mr. Cox), everyone appeared to hold his breath. Smith, who defended himself, cross-exam- ined them all with wonderful tact and ability; and, at the conclusion of the case for the prosecution, addressed the jury at consider- able length, and with no mean amount of eloquence. The Judge then summed up. His Honor was the last man in the world to believe in supernatural appearances; but with the ability and fairness that characterised his career in the colony, he weighed the proba- bilities and improbabilities with the greatest nicety. To detail all the points taken by the judge would be tedious; but if his charge had any leaning one way or other, it was in favor of the prisoner. The jury in those days was not composed of the people, but of military officers belong- ing to the regiment quartered in the colony. These gentlemen, in ordinary cases did not give much of their minds to the point at is- sue, some of them usually, threw themselves back, and shut their eyes - not to think, but nod. Others whimpered to each 'other, not about the guilt or innocence of the prisoner at the bar, but about their own affairs; whilst those who find any talent for drawing exercised it by sketching the the scene, or tak- ing the likeness of the prisoner, the witness, the counsel, the sheriff, and the judge. But in this case they seemingly devoted all their energies, in order to enable them to arrive at the truth. To every word which fell from the judge during his charge, which lasted over two hours, they listened with breathless attention, and when it was con- cluded, they requested permission to retire to consider their verdict. This was at half past five in the afternoon of Friday, and not until a quarter to eleven did the jury re- turn into Court, and retake their places in the box. The excitement that prevailed was intense and when, the murmur« in the crowd, so com- mon upon such occasions, had subsided, a- midst awful stillness the prothonotary put that all-momentous question, "Gentlemen of the jury, what say you? Is the prisoner at the bar guilty, or not guilty." With a firm, clear voice, the foreman, a captain in the army, uttered the word - "GUILTY." Murmurs of applause from some, and of disappointment from others, instantly re- sounded through the hall of justice. From the reluctant manner in which the Judge put the black cap upon his head it was evi- dent that he was not altogether satisfied with the finding of the jury. He had however, no alternative; and in the usual formal manner, ; he sentenced the prisoner to be hanged on the following Monday morning, at 8 o'clock. Smith heard the sentence without moving a single muscle, or betraying any species of emotion, and left the dock with as firm a step as that which he employed when enter- ing it. His demeanour throughout the trial, and after he was sentenced, brought over many who previously thought him guilty to a belief in his innocence, and a petition to the Governor to spare his life was speedily drafted and numerously signed. It was rumoured that the Chief Justice who tried the case had also made a similar recommen- dation, and that the Governor, in deference thereto, had ordered a reprieve to be made out ; but not to be delivered to the sheriff till 7 o'clock on Monday morning. It was further stated that the Governor was of opin- ion that the finding of the jury was a correct one. The press of the colony did not lead, but fell into the most popular opinion, that it would be tantamount to murder to take away the life of any human being upon such evi- dence as that given on the trial. CHAPTER X. On the Monday morning, at early as half past six, the rocks which overlooked the gaol yard in Sydney, and commanded a good view of the gallows, were crowded with persons of the lower orders, and when, a little before seven, the hangman came out to suspend the rope to the beam, and make other prepara- tions, he was hailed with loud hisses and execrations: so emphatic was the demon- stration of the multitude in favor of the condemned man. By seven o'clock the mob was doubled, and when the under-sheriff or any other functionary was seen in the court yard, the yells with which he was greeted were something terrific. At five minutes to eight, the culprit was led forth, and at the foot of the gallows and near his coffin (according to the custom pre- vailing in the colony), was pinioned prepara- tory to ascending the ladder. ' Whilst this ceremony was being performed the shouts of the populace were deafening. "Shame! Shame ! Shame ! Hang Weir ! He is the guilty man ! This is a murder ! a horrid mur- der !" Such were the ejaculations that re- sounded from every corner of that dense mob assembled to witness the execution; while the calm and submissive manner in which Mr Smith listened to the reverend gentleman who attended his last moments, heightened rather than suppressed the popular clamour. At one minute past eight the fatal bolt was drawn, and Smith, after struggling for about half a minute, was dead ! Whereupon the mob renewed their yells, execrations, hisses, and cries of "Shame ! ; Shame ! Shame ! Murder! Murder ! Murder !" These noises could not recall to life Mr. Smith. He had gone to his account, and after hanging an hour his body was cut down ; the coffin containing it conveyed, in an uncovered cart, to Slaughter-house Point (the last resting place of all great criminals), and the grave filled in with quick lime. There was a gloom over Sydney until the evening at half past six o'clock. Almost everyone was disposed to think that the blood of an innocent man had been shed. The witnesses were all perjured, not excepting Mr. Cox ; "the jury were a parcel of fools;" and "the Governor, who would not listen to the judge, a hard-hearted and cruel man." Such were the opinions that were current from one end of Sydney to the other. But at the hour above mentioned - half-past six in the evening - the public mind was dis- abused of its erroneous idea. At that hour it became generally known that on the prev- ious night Mr. Smith had sent for the Rev. Mr. Cooper, and to that gentleman had con- fessed that he desetved the fate that awaited him ; that for more than two years he had contemplated the murder of John Fisher for the sake of his wealth, which was equal to £20,000 ; that the man who had personated Fisher and executed the power of attorney had gone to England, and written thence the letter upon which he so much relied in his defence, was a convict who resembled the deceased in person, and to whom he (Smith) gave Fisher's certificate of freedom ; that it was his (Smith's) intention to have left the colony as soon as the proceeds of the sale came into his possession - partly because he longed to lead the last portion of his life in England, and chiefly because from the day on which he committed the murder he had been haunted by the ghost which old Weir had truly sworn he saw sitting on the rail ; that the deed was done by a single blow from a tomahawk and that the deceased never spoke after it was inflicted. He protested that the man who had personated Fisher, in respect to the execution of the power of at- torney, and who had escaped from the col- ony, was ignorant of his (Smith's) intention to murder Fisher ; and that the letter which had been forwarded from England was only a copy of one which he (Smith) had told him to despatch a few months after he had arrived at home. He concluded by saying that since he struck Fisher the fatal blow his life had been a burden to him, much as he had struggled to disguise his feelings and put a bold front on the matter ; and that he would much rather, since he had been convicted, suffer death than be reprieved - although he hoped that until after the breath had left his body his confession would be kept a secret. [THE END.] 