. GREAT WRONG; OB, TE - AEYSTEBY OF BLAOS HOLLOW GRI?Gt CHAPTER XVf fI-Comoon. SWell, Donatd, what news do you bring r gesn-cned Doctor logent from the littie I table where he was busilyeugagedpreparing r?wrder' fcr Ambrose, who lay in tle ad. ;i_-z"z chamber, not dead, but utterly on. Do.r?d sat down, and began to rub his .my hoads above th b'iaing hearth. "Bald enmoh news, doctor," he replied. STiey couldn't d ai the las, Isabel, and the squie died yesternigh:. just after the dark." "Gone is he I Well, I knew he'd never rally aga. when I !eft the hoise," the doe. toer sawered. Lord bless =s, Donald, what a power of machief :ten f ir.faced, rattle. brained rgi?. bring stot I" "A, y, sir I' respomdd Donald, hear. tily. If that girl hid r=ai-ed at ho=e. in. stead of rou..it; of to her ruin, poor Mel. rile o:ndo be aire to-~yr." "Andto to think of Ambrse, my poor, hand. some lad," the mother began to whimper, "a rmgtt have beon her hohand this motn-:g- "H:sh r" lterruptel D:rona!d, sternly. "D'ye watt stb a rash girl for the Id's wife, da-e : Better for him to be lying as he it than yoked to thelikesof her. IDyou think the !ad it get over it, doctor ' the father co?tiu?ed, his tee o ameady. "Certainiy he wiL Who eer bheard of a broke a-. :- a cracked cr-niur. and a crakedl- e inm.- an stabor two. killingsa big six-footer like Amhr, ee Hell rouse p aftr a bit. .?rw,lJ'gire pre: penny to c-t at the bottom of this oyay y. What sold har- been god:g o at the old manor I Aui w at took Ambmose there that nigh: I" Do- ald shook his head, and his wife whis prrCs in an awed roie: T.e -=:or s haunted, doctor, and it were al:l sliht the nizht o' A=Abere's wed. :?i:. T:e r:?norferd e y comes ba:kh-" "P?!pooh! you silly woman! There wsa something besides ghosts at the manor; it t-k fesh and blor to give the ILs them :. ho!es in his side. Hfow did the old ptre look this morning, Dor.ald-was all "All qiet, sir," replied the ce,=ar, ad. ding. in a sort of awed whisper, "but the dg' there yet." The dottor wheeled in his chair. There yet I Well now. Donuld, that's rofoonded strauge ! What can keep the Mbet up there r" Donald shook his head agin, with grave solemn:ty. "Tr.at I can't say, doctor," he replied. Sbut there he is, and there he'll stay, in spite of yon. Didn't we fetch him home yester day,nd .k he went like a h ! Hewar on the terrace as I came by, and when 1 ca?ed to him be rare a cr that was human E:e fs. d:.-z:reifi, doctor-there's no mis " For d what, mran Wasn't the old roe searched yesterday t I was over then r:se:f. It was as empty as a drum; not evena a rray ghost in sight." 'So they told me; but the dog found omethi'g all the same. I have every cons. :=ce in that dog. Somewhere, in that old .otes, there's a han creatur hid, !'m are f it." "Father! It was the voice of Ambrose tbhs Ailed. 3-a'd leaped to his feet asif a bullet had strck him, and made for tie adjoining room, followed by the doctor and his wife. A=brose was sitting up in bed, a look of saaer intelligence on his white, haggard fae. " W' t was tha you were taying aboat the dog, father he asked, as Donald reached him. "Is he watching at the old rmanor f" "T'- t's t, tLa?," replnen tae tater, say. in s hi hnd upon his head, while his rugged frame shook with repressed emotion * the da'es p there. Bat my son, Iam glad to se yoe getting better." The mother fell on her knees byte bed, and began to weepnoidly, while the doctor proceeded to mix a composing draught with a:l possible speed. " Yes, fther, I'm gettingbetter," Ambrose rontinred. "How log have I been sick! How did I get home I can't quite remem. her." "We found you op there, dead, as we thought, and fetched yon home, my lad," obbhed Donald. "Yes, yes-you found me at the manor, you mean. There, father, pray don't worry, father, 'm all right. How long since you fond me-" "'Tws yeetr morn, Ambro?e-Wednte day morn." "And this is Thnorday Yes; and the dog' there yet rI " There yet, Ambrose." "Here, you drink thisyonn man," interf posed Doctor .N gent, proferring histdraght, "and lie back upon your pillows, and keep your body quiet, and your tongue, too l" Ambrose swallowed the draught, but did not follow the little doctor's advice. " Doctor, am I mach hurt I" he asked "Well, quite seriously; but I'll have you on your feet in a fortnight-" " NonsenselI must go out to.day,at once I" The doctor only laughed. "Father," eaid the young man, turning hs haggard face toward Donald, "get out the sleigh and harness Black Bess. I must go up to the Haunted Manor, at once." The father shook his hbead disapproc. ingly. "I must go," Ambroe continned 'tosatisfy my own eyes-to see what the dog has found. There was a woman there," his white face fashingswiftly. "I heard her. She may be there now, father. I mat go and see I Will you go with mel" "A woman I" shriehk the dame, wringing he hands. " He's seen the murdered lady's ghost. Oh, my poor Ambrose, enticed into that awful place on his weddinv niht, and heated of his bonny bride." "'Silehre !" commands the doctor, sternly. "Not a word more, if you value his life. YoTug man," he eontinuesl, if Joo're not a Innsa:ict, you won'ttalk of leaving your bed in a week, much less leavntthe house. The haunted manor was searched yesterday by the proper anthorities, and not a soul found. Doubtless you were decyed into a trap of some scrt." " Spare your words, doctor, plesae" mlaes the young patient, "and mix me a strength. ening draught like an obliging fellow. Here mother, help me into my clothes; and, father, hurry with the sleigh, will you I Gracious beateni" he goes on, laping sod. dnly out of bed, and standing tall and Inteand hagrrdin their midst; ' day she may he dad or dying I For merry's sake, father, be quick." "Do the best yo can for him, doctor," whispen Donald, as he gnu out to hrunes BtlokeBes. "Thereinot able of sosp poing him ; hell go, if he crawls on his hands and kne ." "MIere fool be," growls the doctor, pro edin to pre pare?the draught. ' I washmy hnds of the whole bomeas. Žecerthelee, being a humane and obliging man at heart; when he ind, that hi pa. tiet rally will go, Doctor Nugent accom ponie him. "'T judgment ent npon me and him for the wickednes I'ce done," mos the w ife of Donald,,tading in the cottage door, as Il[ck Bess starts off, allher silver bells irin gamery peaL ?L?ok at him now, my handome lad, that I thought to see l hlos husbaudndwell nigh murdered, ad his brin cratad it the work of themwiced lols as haunt the old maorl 'Tis a jadg. meuntonme; btilcan'ttell. Icn'tbreak Doua!d' hearl and he a happy man so many years. I've kept the secret so far, and Ill carry it to my grace." "LookI them's the dog on the terrace step," ciea Donald as they reach the main gate. Ambrose leans forward and watches the animal as he comes flying down to meet them. SWhat is it, my good dog ?" he ~alIs. At sound of his mastier voic the dog goes into ecstasies, leaping upon the seat, and licking the young man's hbands, then with a wi!d, peculiar cry he it off again in the di rcection of the manor. "We mest follow him, father," cays Am. brase, quietly. "Give me your hand--l'm cery stiff and sore." " You'll find yourself worse than stif, boy, to mrrtw," grumbles the doctor, as Dnald sasite ,h.son; "and no cre to blame b:t Ambros only smiles in his qiet, reso late way, and, fasteing B:ack Bet to a post, lhat. go cn a:eu. following te dog's Ah ty rah te ttrrs:e the little doctor L- ? p with mC a swe at the eray troct of The occe* bonos at Alberton ih to he Ptintea t rpirerd at a oust of i69 6fit. J.J.. Ird ting the aenocacol tenderer. the silent house. He does not relish the undertaking at all, though he feels none of the superstitious dread that anes Donald' blMt We shall nd o:rselres in a nest of thieve or counterfeiters. sad 'rt or heads smashed for ourrashness," he mutters. But Ambrse takes no heed, sad they goon. Straight into the manor, down the the dim, resounding hall, and up the dusty stairs the dog leads, leping on with wild, frantic barks that seem fraught with human entreaty. The old bome is as silentas a tomb, as old and as cheerless under its winding sheet of snow. Not a sound greets them, not even a stray maoe crosses their way. Up the silent stairs, on and on down the drery length f t-e longcorridor, until they reach the old llbrary-room, which opens into the black droned ante chamber. Ambrose follows the dog with s:ruty, resolute steps, theogh his face is awfully white and his b:nthinz chirp and short, and his father and the doctor follow him. In the library, where the dust-laden foor is stained here an? there with drops of blood. the dog passes, with a long, wild cry, then he leaps into the ante-room and disap. pears. The three men follow him breathlessly, and find him cnder the attL'el bark a.?r.., scratching at the solid oaken panels. "What is it, my rood dogh" cries Ambrose, tear:ng away the somber drapery, his facre E~shing with eager ex Ctement The p:ordamb creture tries bard to telL He leaps to his master and carees him, and then throws himelf against the panels, ut:ering p!aintive cries. " Tere's some creature hid about here," rmarks Donald. 'Ay, fater," Ambrse answers, "that there is. Here my good dog, where is bhe Show me where." The dog throws himself agurt the central paul with wild force and frantic * The dogs mad,"growls Doctor Ngent ; "and yo are as white as a ghct, Ambrse. Come away, Donald; we're had enough of this folly." "Go if you like, doctor," Ambrse answers, curtly. "I sall remain. Father, can there be a secret pasoage anrwhere here, think youJ Soe of these old borderdwellings had them, you know." "I never heard of one in this house," Donald replies, tapping on the oaken boards. "T'en, what does the dog mean, father?" Donald shakes his head, in dire per. plexity. Ambrose stoops had proceeds to examine thepae?, eery crack,and joint, and creice; bot to no pupose. His brot-a arm and wounded limbs naI him terribly, and he begins to grow sick aad dizzy; but some strange feeling within him, prompts him to stay. "I wish we had an axe," Ambroe eays; "I'd burst thee panels in. There must be somethingbehind them. Suppose you let me rest a his, father, and yon drive overto Do tram's and get an axe I Dtham will come with yo, too, and he'sa stoat fellow. I wish you would, father I" Doctor Sngent gives utterance to an ex. clamation, that we will refrain from record. ing, and stalks out of the black curtained ante-room, in high indignation; buhot Donald, who has indnlged and obeyed his handsome son all his life long, answers hasi tatingly: " If I thought you could bear it, Ambrose; but you look so white and ill-" "Ic anbear it,taher-my will always was the strongest part of me," the young man cries. " Keep me in susoense and doubt, and Ill go into a brain fever before midnight. I must get at the bottom of this-you'll go, father, to oblige me " Donald turns to go, but he is barely out of the room when a sharp exclamation from his son causes him to hurry back. " Good heavens, father I look here I" the young man cries, his fgers on a tiny steel spark imbedded in the solid ak. "Can this thing be secret springl" As he speaks he presses on the shining point with all the might that excitement has lent him; and lo I with a sharp click the spring moves, and the osken panel slides aside, revealing a yawning aperture, which looks to the amazed eyes of Donald like the month of the bottomless pit. The dog leaps upon his master with frantic cries of joy. Ambrose strokes his head, but it is a fall minute before be can speak, so great is ls excitement. "You are right, my brave dog,"he gasps at sat; "you haven't led us here for nothing I Heavens, how black it is below therel Shout, father; perhaps some one will wer. I can't command my voice yet," Donald drew near the aperture, his face white nd wed, his knes shaking under him. "Halloo I Who's below there!" he shouted, lustily. A minute of breathless silence, and then, from some subterranean depths below, came a feeble voice in answer. Ambrose leaped to his feet withacry o triumph. "Father, did you hear it IA htmanvoice \--- ears's volee. It is so. For Heaven's sake, let me go down quick. Only think, she huas been down thee a day and a night. Let me gol" "Ambrose, are you madl" cried his father, attempting to hold him back. But the young man half beside himself in his eagerness and excitement, eluded his grasp, and leaped through the aperture, into what hefanced tobe a sort of passage that would lead him to a dsecending stair. way. But the instant his feet touched the dusty flooringbeyond, there was a sort of rasping sound, and swift as thought, u if by the working of some unearthly magic, the solid foundations gave way beneath him, and the trap- door, on which he stood, shot rapidly downward, hurling him headlong into the black pit below. CHAPTEB XII. hblrE wrELtoWHI P EonGETS L . The Highland storms h?ad blown them. selves ont; and on the hills where the snows were melting, and in sheltered moorland noot, where the dtftl suanshine fell, the tendergreen of springing grasses could be In the old cottrage.home, with the bleat. ing lambs and the kids about ito doors, Am. brae Gerhaut still lay, weak and powerless Very near u~nto death had he been-sonear, that those who loved him besthad khissed his white lips, as they believed, for the last time, and shed tears of bitter agony over his unconscious head. Yet he still lived, sad the early spring ,oushine, strsming through the casent, Whether the genial infinuence of the yellow sunbeame, or something more sabtle penetrated his stunned senses, we know not hbut his eyes slowly opened, and wandered from one olject to another, with a sort of childish wistfulnes, resting at !rt upon the fac of the woman who sat watching beside his pillow. Tea sick man's weary eyes reposed ep this fe, illumined u it was by the glory of t setting sual, and to him it seemed the face of an angel. Tarongh all his hours of bitter pain this sweetprsence had been near him; when the very death agony clutehed his heart and hbis fct touched the brink of the chill river,this woman's tender toeuch had lured him back to life; the soft breath of her smiling month, the divine pity of her tender eyes, had soothed and strengthened him, even in his anonsiousn·es. He looked up at her, as he lay there feeble and powerless, and the light of a love that was deathless kiindled in his eyes. He put forth his hand lad touc:ed her sleeve. "You are a stranger; [ do not even know your name," he whspered, "bat roar fee is like an angels. I tomink ycr presence ha saved y life. Wllt youn Fytk to me?" She started fron her so.:, a btryi dach faming in her coteks. "Thank Ioaen l!' she cried, bendinc above h:s pilow, her sweet eyOs s imt:nio ih tears, tha:t -mle upon herrswvet m t?i =h;c a w soAn givs only to the Cnia ase loves ?onc and for ever. "Yo wili "I ,?Lil lie. Yo h~rbe saved me." ' .Nay, sJay nt so," her eiken toructh uon h:; fl:eoeas, "it wasyou who sared rry Ie aol rocked foor own--wel n:'o io., ii. i: as year p:etence on thats l:: y nO:gh; t.a f::,.:eed o.i my eonemis, and gave me Le opOrtanty to ?ecape. Bht I will n:t fRank a Cow, yoin are too weak to tei: =e.. br;nk this and slieep." HIt drnrus to. drag o she pr fc:, a' wito enr as It e:s in r.' 1'.ra hker, he fla as.ep, L':.ray ,o.,tlo0.. f a.. The Lniel Statia Governmer,t are im posing a h-ary dluty on imported wool, a notifaltion which will not be welcome news in utstralis. nmngs, o. ate woo:e world, sAre this one sweet woman and the love hi bears her. Miss Lenore they call her in Drsa's household, -ad as yet she has to!d thei to? thing of her life or the ran who treated her with such hendsh inhumanity, and ab.' sorbed s they have been in their: solicitude for Ambrcee, they have not card to uk. For weeks se ha s lived in the Highland cottag l bit in from the world and all her troubles by the white circle of the Scottish hills, dreaming a sweet dream, leornicg for the fin: time in all her proud life that les' son which sooner or later comes to every woman, the lesson of lorve. Hiss Trevethon, the proud belle of Leon. don, the brilliant heirers whom no man ca win, sits beneath the peaked roof of the Highland eottage, her eyes luminous with an infinite tenderness as they rest upon the white, pain- worn face of this man, who has served her, and saved her life, and won her woman's heart-won it, too, with. oat the asking, and he the son of a sailor and a guot-herd, and she the descendant of a" hundred earl." Her checks fame and her proud bosom aweis as some such thought crosses her brain. and she ries quickly and descends to the kitchen, where the mother of Ambrose is buy with preparations for the evening marL, She looks up with ratner a sallen brow at .Miss Treueton's entrance. She is a good, kindly creature, ths darkbrowed Hihland dame, but she cannot forgive this fair, patri lian lady, who bos been the case of so omch troable. But for her, instead of lying at the door of death, all maimed and cerip pled, Ambrose might be the happy husband of little Isabel. She looks up, a an. unsmiling, but she draws forward the best chair and proffers it to her guest. "Sit down, MiL. Lenore, if ye won't mind the -ell ef the cooking; and there's the papers. Dnald fttched 'em from the post town, a while ago; a heap of 'em there is. He were an onctnmon reader, the poor lad, and laid out every spare penny for the papers, and now he may never look at 'em again, and they're a-lying here for him. It is hard to bear." Lenore sits down, an unwonted finsh on her cheeks, a tender brightness in her eyes. " Yee, it is hard, I know, for a mother's tear to bear," she answers, softly: t yet I think you may take hope now, for your eon is s?rely better. He spoke to me a minute since, an: I left him in a sweet sleep." The mother glances up from the venison steak she is preparing, her brow still clouded. Ambrose has spoken to her, this pretty, dainty creature I Evenif be lives, ba will srely iearn to love her, and she will lore him into foreign lasds. And he might have wedded little Isabel, and lived and died amid his native hills. Tnese are the bitter thoughts that fill her mind au she cuts the red, jicie steak. Meanwhile Lenore onfolds the papers and glances over them listlessly. Her heart is not with the great, gay world she has left, buhot with the man who lies under the peaked roof overhead. Glancing carelessly a startling announce. ment catches her eye. It ames under the head of" Marriages in High Life," and an. nonces to the proud Belgrairan world, and to all others concerned, that Miss Lenore Trevethon, the beauty, the belle, the heiress, was privately married, in compliance with her own wish, to Richmond Trevethon, son and heir of her guardian, Sir Geofrrey Trere thon, of Lyndish Hall, and the happy young couple have gone to Eome for their honey moon; and thence for an indefinite tour, the bride's presarios and failing health requir. ing the balm and warmth of southern isles and tropical ases. She reads this, her cheeks whitening, her blue eyes flashing darkly, her proud hbeart heaving. But in one swift moment her emo tion passes. What does it matter I Even this cannot move her,so great is her present content. She will let her vengeance rest; she will bide her time. Even if she were cut off forever from her name and her birth. right, it seems a light grievance in the gloryifying rptnre of her new joy. She un. derstands the old phruse, "All for love, and the world well lost." She throws the paper aside, her eyes growing mistily tender, as she looks up at the mother of the man who ha suffered so much for her aske. "He is better," she repeats with a strange girlish timidity ; "and, thank Heaven, I am sure he will live now. It would have been endless misery to me if be had died. I owe him such a debt of gratitude I could never have known another peaceful hoor if harm had come to him. "Ay, it would have been bitter if be had died," repeats the peasant woman. "It is bitter enough a it is, to see him on his back, all crippled for life, perhaps, and he is in the prime of his youth and strength, and to think it was his wedding-night when he was de. coyed to that awful Haunted Manor." Miss Trevethon felt all the blood in her body surging in a fiery torrent to her heart. "His wedding.night," she said, her voice faltering. "Ay, his wedding-night, and his bride the pretties t! las in the county, and bringing him a tnog dowry besides." Miss Trevethon rises to her feet, white to the line, despite all her dauntless pride and selfcommand. In all her life, in her direst peril, when she cronched in that black, reek Ino tomb, with a lingering death her only hope of rescue, she felt no such pain,no such dumb despair as she now feels. But she sets her white teeth hard and clenches her hands. She will die rather than betry her weakness. (ro us conuxczn.) 