f THE CRIME AND THE CRIIMINAL. \--+---- .1 By RGCHARD MARSH. ALL RIGITS RE?SERVED. .__.--. SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CIIAPTERS. The openi chapbters of thll story are nlarrated by dl'. Tl'homsll Tennllant, Lon don, Stock and Share BroiCker. Tennant, who is a good natured lman, hit ircesolute in a crisis, is attacked by n adventurceis named Ellen Ilowth, while the two are travelling in a conm part ment oil ttthe Loitlonl l Brightin R.ailway. Te'l'nant is acquainted with Ellen's career in the past, and the woman, fearful lst lihe should prove anI aw\iard obstacle in her path, up braids him so savagely that he en deavolirs to leave the compartlment while the train is ill mnotion. She tries to prevenlt hinl, alnd in her strulggle loses her gripl oni Tennant who has opened the door in his effort to escaple--and falls out. A stronig wind is bIlowing, and cre l'Tennant can recover from the first hlorror of the sitluation the door is violently slammed, the glass shivered, anid the unfortunate lman's face badly cut. Instead of raising the alarm, the man's irresolu tion is his ruinii. ile remlains terror strickein ill the carriage until it reaches the nearest stationl, where he is confronteud by anl adventurer, wvho fromn the next comnlpartmlent has over heard the qu(arrel between the stock broker and the w\\\oman tvho has, ill reality, fallen out. This individual, who is a "blackmnailer," has, it aplpears, been elmployed to trace out a imissing heiress known as Louise O'Donllel, and lie starts forthlwith to nmake what capital he canl by holding a veritable Sword of Damiocles over the head of the nerve-shalken Tennlant. In suc ceeding chapters Reginald 'Townn sendl, a hliandsonme "mIian about towni," is inltrodulced, and it becomes apparent ihe is in some anUner m' ixed iup with the fate of the miissinig Louise O'Donnel. Tennant, horrified at the position ill which he linds hiinself, cn deavouirs to drlown reimemnbranle ci 'it in a round of gaiety, but his dissipa tion is brought to a termination by his seeing what lie believecs to be the ghost of the dead womlan. During th, illness that follows he confesses all to his devotedl wife, who confronts and discolncerts the flltporcttunate bl:uk tmailer, who is constactily dlemanding "hush" money froln her husband. The scene shortly afterwards turns to tile ineeting house of a numlber of aristo cratic scoundrltels who have follrmed an institution called "The Miurder Club," and Regiiald l 'owlsend is one of the leading lights. At the gatheritng Townsend relates the details of a mur deri he has committecd near the "Three B3ridges" on the Jrlighton railway line, the motive being "the honour of the Club." it the meanwhile Tennant is arrested for imurder, and the plot thickens. 