THE GHOST OF ROCKY HILL. 1 la -the. quaint old town of Rockwood, in the neighbourhood of Rocky Hill, stood en auoient jfazmbouoe. Au observing traveller might have asked if, indeed, there was anything else in the town but aneiont farm houses, and this par ticular dwelling diffored"but little in appoarancu . itanoighbours. Tae prominent foaturc of obis noted spot-was not ite antiquity, but its ghost. "'The-ghost of Rocky -Hill" was no short lived delusion, but as Charmingly defiant of 'investigation as tbe"Jmost inveterate lovor of jghost lore could have wished. In fact, the old house, build before the invasion of the British, woold'8oarce have inspired a passing thought but for the occasional manifestation of its time-honoured spectre. For years it bad struck terror to the hearts of the superstitious sod excited the cariosity of non-believers. It was a | peaceable spectacle, and seldom varied the order of ite visitation, consequently the houso could boast of a long list of tenants, some of whom ihad helped to establish its uotoriety quite as much as the wraith itself. Thero were rnmours that the bouse had once toeu a reudezvons for the British in the trooblous days of '76, and that murder had been committed-mthin its walls. Later, it had been tenanted by a second Bluebeard, whose three wives had succeeded each otherin suffering from his brutality and finally become insane, and- terrifying the neighbours till even the ghost sank into oblivion. But Bluebeard eventually Went the way of all the earth, and the old house was occupied from time to time by the credu lous, who fled in terror from its unaccountable noises, and tbo incredulous, who resolutely Ignored what they could not explain, and tautly refused to believe in the supernatural, The most sceptical, however, when pressed for an opinion, were obliged to admit that there was- something queer about the place. To a few facts rumour hid added maoy reports, until it was impossible to ascertain which were false and which were true. Doors woro said to open and shut without the aid of hands. Heavy ibodies were rolled from one room to another, iBorrels bumped their way down the stairs, Tinware rattled, as if falling to the floor. The clanking of massive chains occasionally echoed through the house. Tho print of a bloody hand appeared upon the wall, Doleful moan- ings were sometimes heard. Strange to say, jpeopleseldom agreed in locating the noises. 'One would positively declare that thoy came from the cellar, while another with- equal assur ance asserted that they came from the garret. 'Thus things had gone on from year to year, till at last superstition, time, and decay had done their work, and the house stood empty. About that time, Silas Pain's wife resolved 'to replenish the family purse by taking summer boarders. Silas was a worthy farmer who lived in the heart of the wood, about two miles tfrom the haunted houso ; tbo very last place one woold havo thought that a rich man would 'have chosen as a summer resort for his daugh ters ; but one hot day in June, Dora and Cora -Hayes, twin daughters of a. Boston merchant, <arrived, bag and baggage, at the Pain farm, land were welcomed by tho worthy couple'who tlived there with much good-natured bustle, and many injunctions to make themselves entirely at home. The girls were delighted with their new quarters, mid indulged in all sorts of rhap sodies over the rambling old house. " You know," said Dora, after one of those bursts of ccstacy, 44 papa sent us out here so that we could ruu wild this summer, and this is a darling place in which to hide away from noeiety I" Aunt Sally piuohod her rosy cheek, and told bur to run wild to her heart's content. And run wild she certainly did. One day the girls were strolling through the woods, when they suddenly came to an open highway. 14 1 wonder where this road leads to ?" Cora remarked, as she peered down the dusty cart path. ' I don't remember seeing that place be- iforo," pointing towards.a dilapidated house. ) 44 Nor I," answerod Dora. 44 Let's go and ascertain what it looks like." ; . u It's empty, as euro as you live," answered jCora, a moment later, as she peeped cautiously through a broken window light. Just then a shadow fell across tho path, and the girls looked (up to see the sun disappear in a big, black jbloud. 44 Oh, dear ! It's going to rain, and knercy knows how far we are from home ! What (shall we do, Dora ?" Her sister closely scanned tho heavenB before she replied : 44 It isn't going to be much. Lot's try to open this window— I'm just wild to sco the inside of this old coop. The rain will be a.goocLexcuse for house- breaking," she added, with a merrj laugh. > By the time tbey had succeeded in forciog an entrance the rain was falling in large drops. The girls paused a moment to watch it putter .against tho panes, and then began to explore tbo empty rooms. Tbey had hnrdly reached the second floor, however, when a heavy clap of thunder caused them to return to the window, whero tbey stood and gazed anxiously out at the pouring rain. The black cloud was fast in creasing, and the wind blew furiously. 41 Oh, dear !'' exclaimed Cora, thoroughly \- frightened. 44 Just hear that awful thuoder 1 I wish we had gone home instead of comiug hero." 44 Don't be a goose, Cora I We should have been drenched through. We must make the .best of the situation. The rain will soon bold up." But the moments dragged along and the ' storm did not abato ; ou tUo contrary, it in ' ' creased until it seemed as if tbo incessant \- v. . brash of thunder would rend the very earth. ' ; ' ' Dumb with terror tho girls crouched in a dark 7 ' ' toriier of tbo room and hid their faoes in their V - hands to shut out the glaro of the lightning. >/. " Suddenly they sprangto their feot,exolaimiDg— Vj'iv 44 What was that ?" ' I From . some part of tho houso had come a crashing sound, as if heavy chains rattled . ; together. For a.momcnt the girls stared at one ; 'V another in blank horror. Like a flash it dawned upon their minds that this was the haunted house of which they had ofteh heard Aunt Sally speak. "Come!" whispered Dora, dragging her 'shivering sister towards the window ; 44 tbls ia \ - wfol 1 We must go at once." £3 oho spoko the whole artillery of the heavens seemed to-burst directly overhead ; a /IffriBofflMh from-soma region below followed, ; v ;|md thold houso quivered in every timber. /With a wild scream the girls threw up tbo sash ' and leaped from tho window. Half an hour later they staggered into tho Fain kitoben, , limp end-exhausted. ' . | 44 You poor dears ! exclaimed aum; sally, 'M V sbetgazed at their blanched faces. "The ) >torm has frightened you out of your senses; rherevor havo you boen all this time? But > ' there— don't stop to talk until you have changed ,v jour clothes and drunk some hot giugcr ton." I When tho 'girls bad recovered from thesr fright thoy rehearsed their adventure to Aunt ' Bally, who listened oagerly. When the story .1 jwas ended abo drew a long breath, end rc- «. Imarked that there was something mighty cori- i i \ Au$ about that house, and she hoped tile old ' tbinfwss shook clean off its foundation, though l'Who didn't suppose anything short of fire would -'h-ivi yettle thatghost, anyhow. ,1': ; Bob the haunted house etiltloomed on tbo J trow of the hill the next morning, when Silas Fain dy-«e oround to inspect tho upon 44 1 'guess them gals was more scared than hurt," muttered the farmer, as he draw rein in front of the structure, and scanned it criti cally. 44 Blest if I don't believe the old trap'U stand till the end o' time ! It'll take more'n that storm to start them timbers. I don't see but it looks 'bout the same as it has ever sinoe I can remember ; blest if it don't 1" He went to take a look at the rear of the building. 44 Can't see nothing missing, 'thoat it's a few panes o' glass," he mattered as he walked along. Then, suddenly ooming to a halt, he thrust bis hands into his pockets and stared at tho north end of the house. There it stood, firm and erect, on empty air. The underpinning bad cuved in the entire length of one side ! As he began to comprehend the situation, holoaucd against a tree, and scratched bis head thoughtfully. Here was a revelation. It hod never been known in his day that there was a cellar under the north end of the boose, but now such a collar was revealed. 44 If that don't beat all nater !" exolsimed Silos, falling on his knees and peering into the opening. 44 I'm sartin none o' the tenants knowad about this place, 'tbont maybe old Bluebeard did. I don't wonder the old thiug is ha'utcd 1 Here's traps enough to fit out a regiment. Guess I'll bnrrow into this hole and see what I can find. Shouldn't wonder if this was the ghost's headquarters !" When tbo farmer had lowered himself into the cellar he cost his eyes about him and muttered— 44 Blest if I don't believe tbis hole dates from tbo days o' them tarnal redcoats !" Further investigation seemed to prove that supposition was right. Tho cellar had doubt less been the resort of a band of British spies, who at one time daring the war were known to havo been in hidiug in that vicinity. The en closure, which was twenty feet wide and twenty feet long, was separated from the main cellar by a partition wall of stone, built ou a line with the base of the chimney. A large firoplaco hail been constructed in the mammoth flue directly under the kitchen. Here was the secret of the strange noises which foe half a century bad disturbed the peace of the tenants. The slightest sound from below was conducted by tbis fluo to the room above. The floor of tbiB ap&rtmcnt; was a ledge of rock, which also served as a sounding board for what ever chanced to fall upon it. In ono corner a pile of rottun casks, that might b&vo; contained Euglish ale in the days of Washington, were pocked against the wall ; some of them had rolled from the pile and scattered their contents, tin caps, plates and other military rubbish, on the floor, where thuy had rushed away. Several broken bayonets, a rust-eaten sword, and three old muskets were fonnd in another part of the : room. Near these, three massive cable chains, suck as might have done service on an English man-of-war, were hanging from iron spikes in the floor joist overhead ; on the lodge beneath lay a number of these ehains, where tbey bad fallen, as one by one the spikes rusted off beneath their weight. When the farmer caught sight of them he thrust his hands deeper into bis pockets. 44 Yes, yes," he muttered ; 44 so yoa're the ghost, ore ye ? Well, I calkcrlute yer won't scare the daylights out o' no more folks, though I reckon the fools ain't all dead yet. I alius knuwed'ib was some kindo'nateral consequence, bnt this ghost distemper is sn'tiriog like the cholera— the only way to stop R from spreading is to quarantine every simpleton that shows any symptoms of the disease." Having relieved his mind, he kicked a chain spitefully out of his way and continued bis ex plorations. There was a quantity of mouldy rubbish, all bearing the style of ancient days. Indeed, the only connecting link between the post and the present in this lust-oaten medley was the unmistakable evidence that armies of rats bad, from time to time, inhabited the den. A ladder led to a trap-door in the floor above ; bnt at Bomo remote period a second floor had beeu laid over the trap, hiding it from view, and blocking up the only cntranco to the room below. The nows of Silas Pain's discovery spread rapidly through the town, and before night more than a hundred people bad visited the haunted' house. And so, after years of devoted allegiance, the lovers of the supernatural in Bockwood- were compelled to acknowledge that the ghost of Rooky Hill, like onr beloved Tell, was onty-a myth. The last of that-dear legion of grandfather's ghost stories had become a fable. But when a few months later a human skele ton was actually found in one of the casks each devotee- denied that he had ever doubled the existence of his ghost-ship ; while the owner of ths bouse, despairing after this discovery of ever finding another tenant, discontinued mak ing repairs, and one dark night soon after the haunted bouse melted away in a moss of spec tral flames. Tradition tells us that the ghost of Rocky nill is now a homeless wanderer— a fugitive from honest investigation. 