THE SERMON. THE FIDELITY OF CHRIST. A. SERMON by the Rev. P. R. C. USSHER, of Kew. " If we believe not, ret He abidf>th faithful, He cannot deny Himself."-2 Tim. ii. 13. It is a great commendation of a man, aa things are in this world, when' he can be said to be faithful, trustworthy, genuine, reliable; a man whose " word is as good aa his bond." ihere are men fro in whom yon can get the truth, if you are seeking information, and quit their presence without a doubt as to their veracity. It is easy to make a will, but to choose an executor, to select trustees for our estate, soon reveals to ns how few persons we can perfectly trust. In leas serious matters, how often have our feelings been hurt and our hopes disappointed by men who made great promises, but who utterly forgot them all when the occasion for serving us came. A staunch friend, staunch as a well-kept lifeboat, a man to whom you can with safety commit your most .acred interests, is not found without much searching. There is a well-painted, hut rotten boat that is just like one that crossed the ocean passing from island to island in the South Seas. Venture into her, leave the quiet river, and go to aea ia her, and let her come souse down upon the waves, and her timbers will strain and part, and she will founder with you in mid-ocean. There are men just like that. How many there are in whom we have confided, and whom we have esteemed generous and unselfish, until Borne circumstance revealed thf fact that self interest was the motive that impelled them along the whole line ot conduct. Upon some we have leaned as an old man leans upon his staff, but the staff has broken and pierced our hand, and the old wound hurts us often as we think of it. How many there are who have sucked the honey from our flowers in the days of our prosperity, but who have not been the bees to build a hive in our garden in the day of our adversity. Yet we t hought " These dear bees will al ways be my frienrJa;'* but no, they went buzzing by as though thty had nevpr known ns. How many there are who will cheer our success while the people caBt flowers at our feet,, but let someore hurl the stone of slander at us, 'and they will join the general out cry, or say no word in our defence. Numerous disappointments such as these beget a reserve in old people. They will cast it all off when they cross the Jordan and mingle with the saints of God. A nail fas 1 tened in an insecure place will give way and 1 let the whole burden upon it fall. With what irony our so-called securities (!) have mocked 0%. There have been boards of directors and master speculators upon whose sagacity and 1 integrity we have depended ; but in one day 1 thecrash came,and we bemoaned onrown folly in trusting them. In a community in which the whole fabric of commercial security has given way, and overwhelmed a'tfaneration of ; trusting persons with disaster, the oifer of an ; undoubtedly good aecurity might be expected to meet with appreciation. We can offer no such safe investment for wealth as will in sure its preservation, for, in the nature of things, properties grow old, and ever eo good an inheritance on earth fades away. Each invention has its innings and its profit, until huetled'out of the market by another and a > better one, and someone must lose by the change. Bishop Taylor, of California, tells ? of a. wealthy Jew, who, though he could place I all his money well enough, could not find a place for his soul. He found the Messiah, !. however, and said that his soul had found a , home in Jesus. Your soul is a greater pro perty than anything you posses^. You may -Jose that property. Jesus Christ is your only ' trustee. Once you commit yourself to Him, all your interests will be looked after. If old wounds have been reopened by reference to the unfaithfulness of men it is that my words may be more welcome when I solicit for ' ~6b^Styonr entire confidence. He is ' a nail fsatenMitrA-Slw-flace." and " Blessed are all they that put tlieirtniSt4«J5jm." In this world where sin moCr; Unman nature like the fabled apples cf Sodom, tair and beautiful withont, but dust and ashes within ; where many an anchor drags, and drags just when the'strain of the storm is greatest* it must be pleasant to be introduced to one who is faithful, who is like an apple of solid gold that glitters to the very core, and is ashes in no man's hand: one, too, who is as an anchor upon which the whole world may away,-with a certain know ledge that that anchor holds. It was Jesus Christ who had w'ota the en tire ooufidence of Paul, and whom he com mends to Timothy as the one who abideth faithful, Baying, "If we believe not yet He abideth faithful, He cannot deny Himself." The cbnduct of Jesus proclaims His faithful ness. He has. fulfilled every appointment made with the Father in the interests of our race, and never yet failed to keep tryst with the soul that has waited for Him, The Desire of all nations came, as was predicted and ex pected. The wiBe men of the East were not lured to the stable and the manger to find no infant Christ there. Holy Simeon was promised that he should not die until he had seen the Lord's Christ; he was not disap pointed. Long had the world waited for the Seed of the woman to bruise theserpent's head; but the day of confliot came in the wilderness, and the tempter retired defeated, Evil spirits quailed and obeyed everywhere Christ went. He heard the appeal of blind Barti meus and instantly responded, and the cry of the Syrophenician woman, and healed her daughter. Peter's "Lord Bave me;" brought immediate help. In short, whom did He fail ? When prophecy required that the face of Jesus should be toward Jerusalem when the hour of sacrifice was at hand, was He found travelling in another direction ? No: He was going on sadly before His diBciples, saying to Himself, " No man taketh my life from Me. I lay it down of Myself." He never drew baok from the enterprise of redemption even when a hurricane of distress swept over His aonl in Oethsemane. True as steel, He kept His covenant engagement, and endured the cross to the bitter end, until, from the blaoknesB of darkness into which His spirit entered, thete came the cry, "MyCod, My God, why hastThoa forsaken me? He who thus stood, in your .interests, like the beaten anvil to the stroke, demands your admission that, wboBoever iB nnfaitfafuj. He is faithful. Forgetful of the promise of His resnrreotidn, His friends wrapped His dead body in Bpicea; but He arose from the embrace of death. He had not forgotten. He made an appointment with His disciples in Galilee,' and there He was seen by five hundred. For ten days the one hundred and twenty of the upper room waited for the fulfilment of the promise of the Holy Ghost. No one doubted, and no one was disappointed. Can such a one be un faithful to you? Are there not multitadeB everywhere eager to acknowledge "He has been faithful to me." That Christ has been, and iB, faithful is an encouraging admission, but onr text asserts that He abideth faithful. Our earthly friends may be faithful now, and they may have been so for years, but will they abide so ?-that is the question. Will that husband, so kind and considerate and loving towards his wife, remain so ? Can we be assured that those children who are going to do such great things to requite their parents by-and-by will not forget all about it? We cannot! The took upon which yon ran in your childhood is there vtill to-day by the seashore, while the sandbank has tx-en swept away by the current. Will time and distance leave the love of yoHr friend as unchanged as the rock, or will it have disappeared like the sand? As to the stability of Christ's friendship, there is, there can be, no question. If we oould sail along the coast of Palestine we should find Carmel jast as the Phenician seamen saw it ages ago. Assyria is come to naught. Everything is changed in Palestine. The glory &nd; great ness of Rome and Egypt hare passed away. Nothing remains as in the ancient days but Ca'rmel itself. The faithfulness of Christ abides like the everlasting hills; yea, it iB more lasting than hills and rocks, for "heaven and earth shall pass away, but His word shall not pass away. As in the days of Daniel, Darius spoke of Jehovah as " the living God and stedfast for ever," so we may say of Christ " He is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever." Do we need further encouragement to accept the proffered help of Jesus ? Then let us think that it is impossible for Him to fail us, tor He cannot deny Himself. Cannot 1 If we deny or disown Him, He will deny or disown us ; but He cannot deny or disown Himself. He cannot be otherwise than He is. He cannot be separated from Himself, and He proclaimed Himself as the Truth. Could the Son of God, who made the worlds, and stilled the storm, be anything but omni-. potent ? Yes, if the storm can disown the wind. Can He, who is the Truth, be other than faithful and (rue. Christ cannot.deny Himself either, in the sense of contradicting Himself. With Him there is not yea, yea, and nay, nay. In my movement toward God I come to a river that I oannot cross, trat the frrrv boat ia on the other side, and Christ is there. I shout, " Wilt Thou carry me over V and fuU and strong comes the answer, ''Yea, Yea !" and in another moment He is coming, and I hear the plash of His oars. What changes of attitude we find even in oar laws. It is yea, yea, and nay, nay. Now selec tors can get land on easy terms,and in another year they may find themselves refused on the samp terms. Every amendment of every law altolisKfs a privilege. It is not so with Christ. With Him ib no variableness-no yea and nay. , . . . It we believe not, yet He abideth faithful. Oar doubts can do mischief to ourselves, but they cannot affect the fact of Christ's faithful ness any more than a dog's barking at the moon can binder its shining. The personality of Christ is a glorious reality, and His powfer to save,a fact Neither one nor the othjrciuv be affected in the least by our doubt./Petpf, on being liberated fronjprison.fltood kao8tq(ng at the gate of a house. The d«maet Hhoda asserted that he was there. The petym^li^ the house would not believe it. Their.^ttj belief did flbt affect the fact. If you douoteS the existenceof the stars at noon to-day, the" Southern Cross is there all the same. Stand up to-night in the darkness and assert the non-existence of the snn until you are hoarse if you like. You will be confounded at sun rise. Could a red Indian, who had by night slipped his canoe beneath the stern ofthe ship in which Columbus was nearing America,have heard the officers in the.cabin overhead.beg ging the explorer to tarn back,saying," There is no 3uch land as you dream of," how the Indian would have laughed. He had seen its great forests, its vast oceans of prairie gross, its broad lakes that mirrored the clouds, its majestic rivers, too. and had heard the roar of its thundering Niagara. He would know that the great American contin ent was just below the weBtern horizon, and that the waters of the Mississippi were mingling with the briny ocean beneath the kneel of the ship. The doubts expressed in the cabin did not affect the facts of the case. America was there in spite of their denial. Aa there are stars to-day, although unseen j in the daylight, and a9 there will be a sun to-I night, though Australia has turned her back { upon him, so there is a whole heaven spancledwith exceeding great and precious prornisesVi^h-are real gilts waiting for ap-1 propriation. Let us stand beneath the un countable etera . the next clear night, and imagine ourselvealoOkfBg^xound God's great; treasure house, and scanning ti>e. flitteringi gifts that orowd the shelving of the Bki^s., Then let us think that in like profuse j liberality God has " blessed us with all | spiritual blessings in haavenly places in; Christ Jesus." These are the unsearchable ' ricbes of Christ. Let us not be faithless but believing. We pity, we could not laugh at ihe poor lunatic who sits upon the ground at night beneath his umbrella; and, lowering it . to the horizon lest he should see the stars,, declares there is not one. We hare on- j feigned pity for the man who does not believe ' because he does not pray, and who does not j pray because he does not bfelieve. It it iB true that if we believe not, He abideth faithful, what shall be when we be- j lieve ? This believing is the condition upon which all the power of Ood in Christ will come into our life. There is a condition to be fulfilled in every operation that we desire to be successful. The pen will only write if I dip it in the ink. _ The safety match will only strike on condition that I strike it npon the appointed place. Again, the whole power of the sun shines through the burning glass, and comeB to a focus at a certain point upon the rock. Approach it with a heap of matches and nothing happens. Go to it, to the very spot, and your matches will soon burst into a flame If we believe, then the power of Christ will oome down upon us. 1'hat believing is the condition. If yon be lieve, He abideth faithful. 1 Shall we not receive Christ, and be given power there and then to become the sons of God? Shall we not embrace His promises and look for their fulfilment now t He is the Sun of Righteousness pouring forth His splendours from His throne in the skies. Is it His fault if we are in darkness, when the cnrtainsof unbelief are closely drawn t Yon can scarcely tonoh those curtains without letting in some light and feeling some warmth; but'rend them indignantly t6 the right and to the left, and you will soojitpeak out of the sunshine of a new Ule.*M%e> i come another witness to the 