NETTA.; I have no faith In Kiiontft; although 1 cannot say with that oft-quoted seeptlo that 1 huvo JKen too many to behove In them. For only once In my life luive 1 HK'ti what wait lulled a ghost, and a very clrthlllko, Innocent, and puthetlc little ghost It was. I wuh H|K?ndli»g a few week at Pnl- lunzu, on laago .MngKlore, and on a cer tain day.u day of shower and sunshine, I wan wandering through one of those shady, highhcdged lanes which sklrt.the town. Sometimes, through a gateway. I hud a cllmt'Pe of nn old, red-roofed villa, and a garden one tnngle of rof-s. Sometimes a turn of the road revealed the take,' gleaming like a sheet of bur nished steel; and mountains of a thun derous blue and portentous nearness, with hero u rugged outline blurred by a grey haze of falling rain,, and there a long shaft of sunlight kindling an emerald radiance from the wet hlll-slde pastures. / As I wandered past meadows and vineyards I presently heard a plaintive cry, something like the note of a fledgling calling to the parent bird, or was It a child calling to Its playmate? I walked on, listening and wondering; the sound was repeated again and again, monotonous unvarying, but Indescrib ably sad. A sudden turn In the lane, and I came to a neglected garden, one mass of ver dure, with overshadowing trees, ami vines trailing their luxuriant branches on long rank grass. ' Deride the garden, and fronting the ' road, stood a new, bure-looklng house. A balcony of unpatuted wood run room! the upper storey, and on that balcony 1 saw a little girl of some ten or twelve years, dressed In a Mite print frock, her hair hanging In u. thick plait with a pale, sweet face smiling faintly, und a wist ful glance. It was but a momentary glimpse, and then she passed quickly round the corner of. the house out of sight. This, then was the child I had heard calling, and iterhnpH the plaintive, bird-like note meant Cull cut! (Here! here!) (tut to whom was she calling? The Inne was solitary, the garden was deserted, no one was visible anywhere. As I passed the bouse I saw En amazement that the lower. story was in ruins, the sordid ruin of a building falling Into decay be fore It was finished. The windows were staring,' empty holes, like the eyeholes of a skull; through them I could see that the.wnlls.were rough unplustered stone, tins lloor was only earth, and beside the .vacant chasm which served as doonvny there was a heap of mortar, and some dusty' wooden plunks, the remains of scaffolding. All the windows of the tipper storey whluh. 1 could set from the road (were muffled with shutters of wood, .which hud never been jMilnted, and .which weiv already falling Into decay. As 1. looked at that forlorn, unfinished house, a vague dread chilled me. What was that child doing Lhcrc? No wolf or stray, or, beggar's brut was she, with her dainty blue cotton frock and shining hraldod'.hulr. Could It bo possible thai she wus alone In the house, und thuts.hu ,was culling for help? Hut'lnstead of ap pealing to tnu as. 1 gtusud up at her she had slipped away ami vanished round the bukrqny with a shamefaced smite. I stood perplexed, my. heart sinking with uh unaccountable, dismay: when all ul once I heard the whirring of a sewing-, /nuchinc.sornewhere in the upper rooms. Tile homely, prosaic sound brought re lief to my troubled. mind, ami assured that ;thu.. house , was. realty Inhabited, and that, some woman, probably the child's ntbl.lior, was there, I went on my way. But T could not forget the. little Inci dent, and a day or two afterwards, as 1 was culling upon a friend— art Italian lady who.llvud In a villa near the lake— 1 described . to her (he unfinished house standing In the lonely lane. "Who Is living there?" was my llrsl Inquiry. "No one; the house is empty," was the uuuxpecled reply. ."Hut the ehlld-1 saw a child there on the balcony!" 1 "Ah, the child"— my friend repeated with a H!nnigc, 'suddenly serious took. "You saw' the child, Hum? Yes, 1 know many pisjplo huvu scon her." "What can you mean?" 1 cried; and somehow my heart began to heat fast, her look and lone were so mysterious. '/Yon have not heard Ilia. story, then, of. pour little Nulla Fancunl? No? Then ) will toll It to yen, cara mia." My friend, Henna Maria Clprfunl, set tled hurself gracefully, In her 'armchair, lind J listened breathlessly for her ex planation.,; ."NotlH's'.mntlior was dead,, and' her father' married, n'guln. Then he died, .too. und Nulla, the only child, was left .In the care her stepmother. She was A very honest, hard- working, but tin- sympathetic, woman; she was not bru- tal; NottA wirn not Ill-fed, and she was . Always, neatly dressed; but the stop- mother dld.nol understand that a child ,wilils more limn' mere food ami elotlt- Jug, The man, Ftinconi, began to build Ihe House goti saw, but he died In duht, and there was no money tu finish It. The '.widow used to' go to wurk ul one of the sltk fuctories at Intra, and all day long netta wiui left hi the house alone, with a task of needlework to do, for they tried to earn a few soldi In that way as well, oad the little girl hud been taught to work 'the sevvlng-muchlne, which hud been bought In the days when they were better, off." , "cs; and . the flewlng-innchlttu Is . In the, house now; I heard It"— so 1 inter posed, for I wus determined to cling to the,, prosaic facts of my story, and not to huvu explained away everything'! could vouch for with my own eyes ami curs. . "Ah, ho you think," Donna MuHa an- flwered ln her soft voice, and a little gesture of. tier white hands. "Hut, In dued, the house is empty— absolutely empty. . Let me' tell you the rest of the 'dolorous little history. Nettn was left ulono day after day mid all day long lit thut.'solltury, , huff-ruined house— alone liny after' day. tljl the child's heart begun to break. ' Hint would stand on the bal cony culling, calling for someone, any one, io come tii her In Her unbearable loneliness j.und lliutt If anyone did puss by, so timid was she, that she would shrink away Indoors, and go buck to her task on (hut cruel machine, which wok too heavy for her little hands and feet, ..'And yet. perhaps the sound of Uiu mu- . 'ohlny modw Ltiu silence of thbnouue seem less dreadful .to her." . . , Donna ' Maria paused a moment. 1 think I shivered a little ; I was begin- »lng:to He consclotiH . why I hud lieen oppressed by such intensu sadness when 2 passed the deserted house. "Onu whiter evening," my friend re sumed, "the stepmother returned from tier-work at the factory, und there 'she found Nulla lying on the lloor lit tho dark, cold and dead, with a smile on her little white face. The lilessed (faints Stud' heard, Ncttu catling, and had contu for her. Then, the woman was nearly frantic, She wrung her hands und tore her hair, hut all her remorse would not firing Nettu hack again. And then people >vlto had never luterfered white there wus .time to save. tho child, who hud cried to heaven and earth for pity, now hud no words hard enough for the step- mother, Ho, reviled by everyone, she 'tied from lulliinzfi, nobody knows whither. Her poor odds and ends of furniture, were seised to pay her debts, hut no one. will live in the house; It stands empty, and going to decay, , And still they, say Ihe child is. heard calling; ami people' have even seen 'her on the balcony, a pale sorrowful, little phantom. 1 have never seen her or heard her my- si if. Hut I know tiiat what I am tell- H q you Is true." And Donna Maria's v- ce sunk-, In silence, and her dark eyes . d a mournful, far-away gaze In them. 1 was leaving Pallanza the following day. and never again have 1 le-en able to visit that house. of tragic fm»in»ri». Hut I have often thought since of Nettu Fanennl— the bird-like call, "Oul! etil!" the sweet little wistful face uihi i '(dish figure flitting, elusive. » half-seen vision, on the balcony of the shuttered, vacant house. I do tiol Is'llcve in ghosts, as 1 said before, - Hut who can toll but that, by some mysterious and as yet undis covered law of nature, the anguish of a sensitive, tortured. being tnuy linger like an atmosphere round the scene of lis sufferings, and may Impress Itself upon the consciousness of even those who are strangers to Us history ?— ' "Westminster Itudget." — "\\\ cekl.v l imes. ' I 