IJ^U^ 'VOU CANNOT UNDEIlSTANb;' With an affectation of brisknoes bo naa far from .foo'ing. .-itfr.-IKenible onmp 'down tho stairs and joined his dwighter in tbo LftU. Ho bad tahon pains to draw bis bat well over bin ovop, onticipatinc; ami dreading ber kenn porntiny, but, Bt range - to eay, his troubiod deifaeanoaV fussed -ttnaoticod In tho interval of waiting Helen's thoughts had toknn e new turn,' 'Well, php*,1 she b.egab, as they passed into tbo street, ' TauY ouribuB to know about tbe sick man' You Rtajed an ?ge, but aii tbeiBBtrTe r'm;gifid I cutrte with yon. Forebodings, rreflentiraqntB and all that kind of thing sobmed absurd tbo momonfe I saw Jacktoh'g keon, rn'orisinff.little visage. Hfis , Vqrjr, yojoe ia likoVa ray 0/ garish light entering a (hiRlcyVnoVntdd room'. Things suggesting ghosts and hobgoblins brooms ridicnlonoly pmcaic, nnd: you nro ashamod ofyouroclf nnd: your foaro,' ' Yos, yoB,' replied Mr. Ketnblo,' yielding to irritation in bio deep perplexity, ' the more matter-of- faot wero are tbo better we're off, I suppba'o.illo' b'fB'. tliing to do'ia'jurit to1 face what hhppc&a; and try to bo brave.' ' Wol), p'apii^ wbat'a bappcriod to onooy you to-niglit1? h iHis 'sicfe man gdirig to' make you trouble V ' Like enough. ...-. f-bope rjot. At any rato be bos claims whiob J must meet.' ?Don't you tbink'yoq con meet them?1' was.hor next anxious, qiiary, her mind rerert in« to gomo fintnoial obligation. . ' Wo'll nee. ? Yon and mother will have W holp mo out, I gaess. I'll toll you both when we Ret home;' and bin sigh wa» 80 deep bb to bo almost a groan, ' Papa,' said Ilelon, oprneBtly p'reBling his' arm, ' don't' worry. Mamma and I will atfted by you. So will Hobart. He is the last one in tbo worid to desert one in nny kind of trouble.' 1 1 know tbet, no one better ; bat I fear he'll be in deeper trouble tbau any of ui. Tbe exasperating thing is that there should bo any trouble at all. If it bad only hap ' pened before — well, well, I oad|t talk hare in the street. As you say, ytu muBl stand by me, and I'll do the beat I dan by you end all oonoerned.' . . . ? ' Ob, papa, there was good cause for myr foreboding.' * Well, yes, and no. I don't know. I'm at my wits' end. If you'll be brave and sensible you can probably do more than any df us.' , . ,...„_.. . ?? ;?., ...;?; ; ' ? Paps; pspa, ibmething is 1 he matter with Hobart;,' and she drew him br oily into the bouse, which they had now reached. . Mrs. Kemble met them at the door. Alarmed at her husband's troubled faoe, nhe exelaimed anxiously, * Who is that man? What did he want V \- Gome, now, mother, gire me a ohanoe to get my breath. We'll dose the dobts, sit down and talk it over.' . Mrs. Kembta and her daughter exchanged an apprehensiva glance ,and followed with the air of being prepared for the worst. The banker aat down and vripd the per*, piration irom his brow, then looked dubiously {ft the deeply anxious faces turned towards him. ' Well,' he said, - I'm going to tell you everything as far as I understand it. Now, 1 want to see if you two can't listen calmly and quietly and not give way to useless feeling. There's mnoh to be done, and you especially, Helen, must be in the right condition to do it.' \ ? Ob, papa, why torture me so ? Something fai happened to Hobart. I can't endure this suspense.' 1 Something haj happened to us ail,' replied her father, gravely, 'Hobart 'has aoted like a hero — like a saint. 80 must you. He is as well and able to gai about \- aa.you ore. I have seen him and talked with him.1 . - He saw von and; not me ? ' cried the girl, strrting{op. ' Helen, Tentroat, 1 command you to be 'composed and listen patiently. Dori't you know, him .well enongb to be sure be had good reasons——' *? * I can't imagine a reason,1 was the pas niona'.e reply as sho paoed the floor. ' What re»spD!oould keep me from him P Merciful heaven ! . father, have you - forgotten that I was to raavry him to-day ? Well,1 ake added hoarsely, standing before him with bands ' sleoohed in her effort at self-restraint, ' the reason?' ' Poor fellow I poor fellow I he has not for got ten it,' groaned Mr. Kemble. 'Well, I might as well out with it. ? Suppose Osptain . Niohol was not killed after all 1 ' Helen sunk into a chair as if struck down as Vichol had been himself. ? What I ' she whispered, and her faoe was white indeed. Mrs; Kemble rushed to her husband, de manding, 'Do you meon to tell us Ihat Cant. Nicbol ii alive ?' 1 Tes, — that's just the quest r on we're got to faoe.' . -. * Jt brings up another question,' replied his wife, s' srnly. ' If he's be in alive all this time, why did he not let us know ? As far as I can make out, Hobart dm found him in Washington ? ' 1 Helen,1 oried ber father to the trembling girl, ' for heaven's sake, be calm I ' 1 He's alive, alive, she ansiresad, as if no other thought oould exist in her mind. Her eyes wera kindling, the color coming into her faoe, and h«r bosom throbbed quickly at if her heatt would burst it % boi.dr, Suddenly ahs rushed to her father, exoltiiaing, ? He was the siek man. Ob, why did you not let me ?ee him 1 * 'Well, well,1 ejaculated Mr. Kemble, 'Ho. bait wns right, peer follow! Yes, Helen, Oapt. Niohol is the eick man — r oi dangerously ill, bowover, You are ftivipg ample reanon why you should not 000 him ytit, and I tell you plainly you can't sco him till you are as composed on I am.' She burst into a joyous, hall hysterical laugh bb aho oxolaimod, - That's not asking much. I never saw you so moved- before, papa. Little wonder. The dead is alive sjain I Ob, papa, papa, you don't understand, me at all!l Odnld I hear buoh '-idings compoeedly — I who have wept so many long nigh' 1 and days over his death ? I must give oxpi jssion' to overwhelming feeling horo wboro it can do no borm, but if T bad Rccn him— when I do 100 him — ab I he'll receive no borm from me.' ? Bot.-Holon, think nf Hobrrt,' oried Mrs. jKemble in sharp distrom, I (To be Continued) 