CHAPTER XXX. CLOTILDE'S CONFESSION. morning appointed ror the execution of the murderer of Arthur Trevethon had arrived. J'he whole story of his crime had been told, and the true Sir Geoffrey, the man whose name and heritage ho had so long usurped, had been found, and brought f.-tee to face with the miserable criminal in The two Btood eye to eye—King Lear and the man who had so long home his A flash of returning memory brightened the old man’s eve. “ I 'know him ; I remember him,” he said. " His name is Andrew Bruce. I gave my ehild into his keeping. What bns”hedone with him?” “I murdered him,” answered the felon, gnashing his teeth and rattling his chains “ ns 1 •■voultl murder you now, if I could <>et at your throat." = There was do doubt of the old man's identity. If there was, the evidence of Lord Harry Kothwell cleared it all iuir Geoffrey and myself were college chums,” he said, " sworn‘friends and allies. If you want a test, I can give you one. Mv old friend, Geoffrey, had a ourious mark on his arm—a little sear, precisely in the form of a triangle.” King Lear laughed his cheery laugh, and pushed up the sleeve of his right arm. “ •■'sharp fellow Itothwell is ; he al ways was,” he said. “ Sow I had quite for gotten that tittle murk, but Li,ere it i„ gentlemen.” So the case was settled to every one's satisfaction, and after years of exile, the heir of Trevelhou was restored to his rightful heritage. In company with Miss Trevethon, jis niece; he took up his abode at the ancestral mansion, Lyndith Hall. And on this cheerless winter morning, the execution was to take place. In punish ment of his crime, Andrew Bruce was to suffer the extreme penalty of the law. But he remained unrepentant to the last, refus ing to see a clergyman or to make the least preparations for eternity. London was all excitement that winter morning, and crowds of eager spectators trooped in the direction of the spot, where the tragic deed was to he done. The criminal was a famous one, and every detail of the preliminary proceedings was carried out with official decorum. The royal troops were in attendance ; the officers en tered the prison to bring forth their victim, they went tramping into the dark cell, and found not the criminal they expected to see, but a woman. A ghost they at first sight believed her to be, and recoiled in amazed horror. A blood less, aged creature crouching on the pallet of straw, herhollow eyes glittering in the gloom like lurid fire. •‘Your victim has escaped, and I am here in his stead,” she said, speaking in hollow tones, while they stood stunned and silent. “ Gold can work wonders, and I had gold. Hang me in his stead, if you will, but first bring a clergyman to hear my con fession.” The clergyman came, and with the sacred, crucifix before her eyes, the wretched crea ture went on: “ He was my husband, Andrew Bruoe, the: man who has so long usurped Sir Geoffrey Trevethon’s name and title, and his son was1 my child, not llichmond Trevethon. Fer' long years I have known the secret;, and have held my peace. He made me swear by the blessed crucifix never to betray him, and well have I kept my oath , but I must break it now. My sins lieheavy on my soul, and I am dying. And there, crouching down in the prison cell, while the dreary morning waned with out and the impatient crowd waited, she made her confession, detailing all the strange itory of crime and sin which she had known ■“ He was my husband," sho said, in con clusion, 11 and I have saved him trom the death he so richly merited. Let him go, Sir Geoffrey Trevethon is restored to his rights. Heaven saved him from the sea and from death by a miracle. I have known the truth all these years. His body was cast ashore on the French coast, and he was restored to life; but his mind was gone ; he had neither reason nor memory. He was cared for by some humane society, and sent with many others to an English mad-house. All the par ticulars of tlie strange affair were told to me by one who knew, and you may rely on them. Heaven has restored Sir Geoffrey to his own, and you can afford to let my wretched hus band go.” And Sir Geoffrey's son, Itichmond ; have you heard nothing of him Eince you left him that night on the hanks of the Lorie?” asked one of her bearers. *• Y”es, I found him again in the cottage of a peasant woman I She had found him, and restored him to life, but he was like his father, left without memory of the pa6t. That blow on his temple had injured his brain, and bis mind was a blank. The peas ant woman could not keep him, and 1 took him with me, intending to hide him from An. drew, in the great city of London “he very day of my arrival, while I was almost beside myself lest Andrew should find that the lad lived I fell in with a country woman. She was sitting on the steps of a church, and weening fit to break her heart. I approached h»r to inquire the cause, for my own misery was so great, I seemed to pity all human suf foring. Seeing the child at my side, she q&tcicda; pieraing ory: •‘ Ob, he looks so much like rsy boy,. • thought be had come back from the grave,’ she said, coming close to me, and sobbing piteously. “ I pitied her, and asked her to tell me hex story. Her husband had gone off to sea, to be gene for years, and she, having accompanied him as far as London, was returning home with her son. But the lad had strayed'oat into the streets, and a runaway horse had knocked him down, and trampled on him jklUing him instantly. and they’.ve bairltd hla.'ffo continued, wringing her hands, my prettj boy, and his father’s last words were, ‘ Taki good cars o' the lad ; if harm befall him, I’li ne’er come home to you again while X lire. •And he’s dead now, dead and buried, anf how shall I erer face his father?’ “A thought flashed into my mind. I wanted to be rid of the poor lad whose life I had saved. X knew if Andrew ever found oul that he lived, he would murder us both co it struck me that 1 would give the lad tc this woman whose son was dead. I mad< the proposal to her, explaining that the lad was friendless, and baa been injured by r hurt—” • Sho paused, her breath gone, her face Jivid They administered restoratives, and she re covered. “In her terrible trouble, the poorcrcntim jumped at mj proposal," she went on ; tbs lad was like her dead son, and she would take him, and train him up to look upou bei as his inothor, an easy enough thing to do, since his mind was like an infant's. Well she took him, and—" She paused again, a deeper pallor on hei lace, a hoarse rattle in her thraat. Once wore the restoratives were administered,bui this time without effect. She signed for the crucifix, pressed it to her lips, drew a long, convulsive breath, and fell back upon the Btraw dead, her story left un finished. I’oor, erring, fond Clotilda ; her life ol martyrdom was ended at last. A week later, one 3tormy morning, tbs current of a swollen river washed the body of a man ashore, and when the affair was investigated it turned out to be the body ol the felon, Andrew Bruce. Escaping from a fate he deseived, he had met his death. " Vengeance is mine,” saith the Lord ; " I will repay 1” 