G0LLE6E JACK. /Copyright.) By CAPTAIN- LAC IB SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CITAPTEKS. .-In the wild and grandly picturesque region ot the feast coast ot Van Dtaman'a Land, at ibe toot of tee Fingal Ranges and on the tanks e( the Honeysuckle Creek, Is situated the pleasant homestead of John Edvardi — one of tbe oldest and moat ^pxosperoos isUtaa in that ooontrr duiimz the year 1819. Xhe sto-7 OMBS oa the night ot Shs 3rd of |tay Urs. Edvards and her three aons are ahseat, ' tearing Mary, their only daughter, and her fpfoor alone at the homestead. In the eren- about Msry Kdwards observes her -«thw galloping home at a lorious pace wi* deadly under iiroogeicitement. Ondiaaooot* Ing he hastily conveys to hii daaghter the t notorionichirtdgi known as College Jack, together vith two other '^f'^mii ts nlij who have been working on a fawn owned by the ' Banows ' at Falmooth, have escaped, **W{tifl to the boah, after first attacking the homestead, murdering old Ur. Sarrows and attemptina the life o! the son, young Tom, who, £y the way, is engaged to Mary Edwards. Daring the night the three outlaws make a most determined attack npon Edwards's homestead, fatally woonding the old wnan |n thrtr first Tolley. Msry haoieally holds them at bay single handed and makes her escape on honebaekimder corerof the darkness jost as College Jack, whose real name is Tarleton, and hi I remsining companion, Jim Mizner, force an entrance by breaking ia the front door. Mary reaches a place of safety and immediately re* tuna accompanied by four of tbe neighboring settlers only to find the homestead in flames. With difficulty the fire is extinguished and the remains of her father rescued. & few days after her father has been laid to rest, the ead intelligence of the death of Mrs. Edwards if brought by her brothers, who at once form a strong parly solemnly pledged to rerengs the death of their parents. Headed by John Kd wards, who is supported by a constable named Vila Griffin, a noted bushranger hunter, tbe party folio* the tracks of the hgitiwi for several days, through tbe rough and almost in accessible fsstnesses, in the direction of Mount Nicholas. Oareachingschannintbemountsiiu the pursueis are suddenly attacked and a des perate encounter takes place in which Tom Other. Daring the fight a strange apparition appears tor a moment npon tbe rocks opposite beckoning brothers. To their horror and consternation. 4hey recognise in it the well known figure o 1 their w«ier, Mary, evidently in the power of College Jack. Tbe pursuit » continued with renewed rigor leading in tbe direction of the sea coast, which ia reaehed on tbe morning of tbe following day. From th? summit of a hich difi overlooking the oceas d small boat is observed making straigiti oot to sea in wbieb is seated Terifton and Mary. Tbe latter upon seeing them wsres her hands and gives ottcraoce to a strange, hysterical laugh as the boat disappears in the closing darkness. The horrible soC'cring' experiencca by Mary Edwards lias culminated in the loss of reason. In ber madness she imagines Tarletoo to be her loFpr and becomes a willing instrument in bis bands. For three days and nights lite oot* law desperately plies the osrs ; tbe girl mean while sitting molely with eyes fixed upon bim that picrcc bis inmost bobI. At Ia»t ho is drivec to the vprgo of madness from thirst acd tbe horrors of the situation, and, seizing his companion, he throws her overboard. At da»ni of the fourth dsy hp is rcseoed by the ' Juno,' bound for Hobart Town and at ooce inlists tbe sympathies of the doctor, whom be recognises as a fellow stodent, and tho captain. The; contrive by a ruse to pire tbe imprfSMon on board tbat the rcecocd man, in a fit of delirium, jumps overboard — the object being to evade en' quiries from tbe authorities as to bis identity; meanwhile the outlaw remains in the cabin. CHAPTER XII. ' How you must have suffered, Tar leton !' said Dr. Ransome, in a sym pathetic tone. 'Suffered! Yes. Yet my sgony on the ocean, perishing with thirst with water all around — dying in a solitude which tras awful, I tell you — amidst all thai, my sufferings were not as great : as during my bondage on the island. ( If I had my choicc lo-day I would take the former. I don't wonder now why ' convicts commit suicide or some moital crime in order to get hanged. If I have to give myself up lo the authori ties and escape the scaffold, I will surely do one or the other — kill myself or someone else,' said the convict in a lugubrious tone, calculated to inspire r sympathy. The fact was John Tarleton saw a chance of permanently regaining his i; liberty. His friend, Dr. Ransome. j strange to say, had a high opinion of j? him, and, notwithstanding the damning * evidence which was adduced at his £ friend's murder trial, Ransome would not believe in his guilt. To the last he fought for him, and he was one of the influential friends who assisted to save him from the gallows By trading on this genuine friendship and a liberal percentage of lies, the more than double-dyed murderer hoped to be able to leave not only Van Die man's Land but the British Empire it self, and live in safety in some far off land. He was throwing his last card, and if he lost it his life was to be the forfeit. 'You want me to help you, of course,' began the doctor, musingly, 'and you well know I will if it is possible. There is no doubt it will be a matter of the utmost difficulty. If it were not for the confounded gaping passengers I could easily see my way. They will talk about your rescue when Hobart Town is reached as if it were tbe only incident which occurred on the voyage, and everyone will be striv ing to see you. Out of courtesy the officials could not be denied, though the public could — and yet it is the former whom you most fear. With a discreet crew there would not be so much trouble, especially if the captain worked with us, as he will, I am sure, id mis caie. ' Do you think he will ?' interrupted the outlaw, eagerly. u I am sure of it. Wetherall and I are old friends — and, besides, there is a chapter in the history of his family re garding transportation which will cause him to look with a friendly eye on you when I explain the position. But even with his aid how can tbe job be done. Can you not think of any way out of the trouble ?' concluded Doctor Ran some. ^ 'I may in an hour or two. So far j my brain has been in a whirl, and I ) could not put two thoughts together. , ' Would it not be as well to speak to the i- captain first and tell him the truth ? ' Of course I did not tell him what were * really the facts when he spoke. I . * didn't know then you were on the ves f .l. Will you tell him all, and perhaps he will have a plan, if he is willing to , aid me in this awful plight ?*' the fugi 5 - live answered. | i After a few minutes' reflection the \- \ | doctor agreed it would be best to take \ the skipper into his confidence, and he ; undertook to tell him the whole story ; end give the convict's history as well. ? Fo» that purpose he sought out Wether 'J - n1! and soon plunged into the subject. t' ' ? astonished, for he had a lurking sus [ -f. j)*cinn of the truth. There was a ^ | \ chapter, too, in his own family history. as the doctor had said, which made If I' him tolerant of cscapcd convicts. A ' J: fa v- 'rite brother had gone wrong — nt ~ -*? v Jc3£t he was transported, and men were ; k . .sonn'iimes sent to penal servitude who ; Jiad d««ne no wrong — and in an attempt ? to escape he had been killed. It was ? frfS whispered at the time lhat Captain ^ I ' ^ Wetherall was not altogether uncon l --'f-'' cerncd in the affair. When the medical f '1; officer had concluded his narrative the | -«fcippcr said : ' You can rely on me, H n I; 1 it is possible to aid jour lr:=i ii i ».i 1 j so; but how it can be du-e d.»es nm seem clcar just at j.-rtsent i'ii bt di.v..» in the cabin in an hour.' At the appointed time the ihree men met as agreed on, and ti.cv ai once- be gan discussing the pros and sons -?! the knotty question. For a tin* m,i v of them could decide on any. ii :;g v. :,;ch would avail the fugitive. ' There is no plate at which I could drop you for a couple of weeks and pick you up on the return. T.isnun's Peninsula is the only point I go near, and that would be the last place on earth to put you — even if 1 were able to do so. I can depend on a portion of the crew at least, but the passengers and two or three of the hands 1 would not trust I have been pestered with enquiries all day from the passengers about you. They are all anxious to see you, but I said you were not well enough to come on deck.' ' When they speak to you again, captain,' interrupted the doctor, l,say our patient is delirious. I will tell them the same, and they will not be so importunate to see him. That will be your best plan.' 'Yes. I will say thai— and bythe bye I have an idea which may work. The thought of delirium has put it into my head Our friend will have to be lost again,' spoke Wetherall. ' Lost !' interjected Ransome, ex citedly. ' Yes, don't you see ! In his delirium he must jump overboard during the night There will be a deuce of a com motion, and I'll make a pretext of sav ing him if the sea is not too rough. He must then remain a close prisoner in the cabin, and we will take him back with us tn M-lhnnrnp. nrifnnt there to Sydney where we can easily smuggle him onshore. In fact it must be done to- night as we will be at Hobart Town within twenty-four hours if all goes well,' explained the captain. ' How will it be worked, Wetherall ? Must there not be someone to give the alarm, and how can it be done? I don't quite see my way in the matter,' queried the doctor. ' Easily enough. We will both be on deck, and at the proper moment I will throw a plank or some other suitable object over and take care that one of the men hears the splash. I will run aft and ask if there was not a splash, and of course he will say yes. Then you — ah, by-the- bye, you must be down in the cabin at the time, and just after the alarm, or when the man and myself are looking over the side, you rush up and say your patient is not in the cabin. 'Man overboard !' of course will be the cry. I will lower a boat it the sea is smooth enough, and the whole thing will be done. I suppose you have told all enquirers, as I have, that the poor fellow we rescued came from the Port Phillip district,' remarked Captain Wetherall. ' Yes. I must have given lhat in formation to a dozen or more, and everyone on board knows it by this time. It will throw off suspicion to a considerable extent no doubt, and the delirium story should complete it You have hit upon a most feasible plan, captain, and I suppose we will have no difficulty in keeping Tarleton here with out the fact being discovered r' queried tlie doctor. ' Why should we ? Only yourself and I will have access to the cabin, and ever)* time we leave it we must lock the door and take the key with us. The matter of food can easily be arranged between us. I am master here and can do as I please. Besides, the con finement will not be irksome to a man who wants a long rest like our triend. It will do him good. At Hobart Town we may be able to give him an occa sional outing during an evening, so that j in four or five days from now he can i count on having a walk by moonlight. Come on deck and I will arrange the signal with you, and let us spread the delirium * business,' ' added the captain in a gleeful way, for he felt quite inter ested in the work he was about to undertake. Indeed he considered it was a most meritorious act which, if not rewarded in this world, would be in the next He had heard and seen so much in connection with the horrors of convictism that nothing would deter him from stretching out a helping hand to a bondsman if it came in his way to do it. Being a law-abiding man himself he would not make any direct attack on the 'system,' but, as in the present case, without seeking for the job, he was able to do a service for a bondsman, then he was just the person to depend upon. When the two men had left the cabin John Tarleton paced the floor, and there was a look of malignant triumph on his face. '? What a blessing it was I didn't bring that mad pirl along ! It wouldn't have been possible to conceal both of us, and it would be more than strange if we both jumped over the side of the V*cc»1 l-Io ' ha ? tho nM clirtnpr ic 9 cute fellow and no mistake, though I should thank him for the interest he is displaying in me. And Tom Ransome, too, turned up trumps just as I expected. He was always a bit of a fool ; but he serves my purpose. I will try and in duce the captain to land me al Mel bourne. I don't like the idea of Sydney. I know too much about convicts and their careers there. He'll be able to get enougn cargo tor ron i niiup — ana besides it will shorten my imprisonment I by a week or two. Thatisaconsidera j tion. I wonder what they will say if they make enquiries and find out what Jack Tarleton has really done ? Well,' and the fellow sat down and mused, 'they will not he able to do anything. Once I am dead it will not do to resur rect me. I have them any way they turn, and after to-night they must stick to me through thick and thin. I'll not be ungrateful at all events. What luck I had, to be sure, to fall in with this vessel ! Never dreamt Tom Ransome was at this side of the earth at a!L He must have come nut immediately after I did. There was a liitle difference though in our mode of coming. It's all in a lifetime, I suppose.' In this way the convict muttered to himself throughout the day, his self communings being only broken by the entrance of the captain or the doctor. The latter came frequently, for it was understood his patient was in a fever ; and delirious, so he required close al- 1 just rounding Tasman's Peninsula and under a favorable breeze. The captain stood close in to ihe small island at the south of Cape Pillar. Had it been daylight he would have ventured be tween ihe two, but with a sailing vessel and in the gloom of night the passage was too risky, especially as there was no great reason for hurrying. I n riant outlines of Cape IMIar I *'!-. be seen to the north-west as the su': v jnt down, and the rugged island lay j list abeam. By eleven o'clo« k the skipper thought they would be well under the shelter of ihe headland, and about that time he would make the at tempt to figuratively kill his guest. As ihe night advanced a slight mist settled over the sea, and this soon drove the passengers below. The weather was becoming thick and soon an intense darkness settled upon the ocean. 'It is all the better,' he told the doctor, in confidence, ''as it will pre vent al! the trouble and danger of launching a boat to attempt rcscue. I would not order one to be lowered on a night like this, and if 1 did the men would refuse to man it, and rightly, too.' If the night had been clear and bright it would have been his duty to lower a boat in the event of a man fall ing or jumping overboard, but in had weather he would not do so. Besidts, in the case of the stranger whom ho had just rescued, he would not be justi fied in jeopardising the lives of his crew in the endeavor to save a madman. So he argued, and it made his position more easy. Dr. Ransome was in the cabin talk ing to his patient shortly aft«T cl-.-v -n o'clock, when he heard tii i. it k. locks over head ami he k; rw k import. (»oing out he locket: t..i- ;i door, and. running up the ia»;-.Vi-, w.k .a Captain V.'etherali's side in U:.s th an a minute. 11 My unfortunate patient is lift in ihe cabin, caj lain. I left him fu-' a uw minutes judt now and when I returned he was i:one. Will you cause a search to be made, as in his state of mir.d he may harm himself !' he cried. 'Missing!' exclaimed the captain. ' Then we are not mistaken, Bill. That splash we heard meant a nrn over board. Give the alarm! Ho! all hands here!' and Wetherall ^ave a stentorian shout which broiuM the second officer and half-a-dozen foam^n, in addition to a couple of hardy pas sengers, wno were Graving me wivnu, tohi.sside. 'There is a man owrl.io.trd, lads, but I don't like to r.'\ur \«v.i to inati a boat. Will any lohunl. cvk.i tlie duty ?' u Who is it ?' came the query. ' The poor fellow we picked up yes terday. In his delirium he e:-'.;.;.',d from the cabin and jumped ovtjrho rd. Bill and I heard a splash, but we cor.lu not make cut what it meant until tlie doctor camc up and told us the man was missing,' glibly answered the cap tain. ?' Well, sir. I'd volunteer in a moment if I thought it was any use, but on a night like i ? lis there wouldn't be the ghost of a chance of saving the man and very lil.cly we might get lost, too,' returned one of the sailors. His opinion was echoed by the others, and the second mate also urged the futi lity of attempting a rescue. 'We are making good way, sir, and he must be a long way astern by this time,' he re marked. 'Well, understand I didn't think of ordering you to lower a boat, for on such a night as this I wouldn't do so. If any pleased to volunteer and try a rescue I would not have stood in the way, though it is most improbable you would have succeeded Perhaps it is as well ihe nc or fellow is gone as the doctor says ho might never regain his light senses a^ain,' returned the skipper in a solemn t .me. He would have been mad to the latest day of his life, and, unless he was watched night and day unremit tingly, his life would have been a short one as he had most pronounced suicidal tendencies. I didn't leave him for five minutes this evening but once, and that was when he escaped. A life of lhat sort would not be a pleasant existence, and could only be spent in a lunatic asylum. As the captain says, it maybe a merciful release after all,' added the doctor. It was wonderful how two otherwise estimable and respectable gentlemen like Ransome and Wetherall could manufacture lies in their desire to aid a ruftian like Tarleton. True they did not know the f.:ll extent of his iniquities, and that must he their excuse for the sins of commiroion of which they were guilty. After all they sinned with a good intention, and Hades was richer by several slab? in its paving. When morning dawned the barque, 'Juno,' was heading towards the north west and entering Storm Bay on the run to the Dcrwent Small groups of passengers and sailors discussed the tragedy of the previous night, and there were not a few who avowed they saw suicide stamped on the lost man's face when he was drawn up out of the crazy boat in which he was found. 'The seal of death was upon him,' remarked one superstitious woman, devoutly crossing herself, 'and when you see ! that it is only a matter of a few days when the spirit goes.'' She did not take tbc trouble to ex plain what the ' seal of death' was, or how it could be recognised, but that was only a trifling omission not worth bothering about. Nearly everyone on board were immensely wise after the event, and it appeared they had all fore doomed the rescued man to an early and violent death. The captain and the doctor went amongst the passengers and gossiped with them regarding ihe sad event, and soon John Tarleton in the eyes and minds of those on the ship was as dead as Julius Ciesar. Quite a squabble, indeed, look place i between a couple of passengers as to ! whether or not lie was devoured by a shark within a certain lime of thr jump ing overboard, and the captain was called on to decide the matter, whit h he cid to the satisfaction of the nan who contended he must have been c.at-.-n by a shark. The skipper was ot ilie same opinion, for he explained that the suicide, being almost naked when he went over the bide, would qui« r.'y at tract a man-eater. 'A white al- ways does, and there are plenty of big sharks around Tasman's Peninsula,' he concluded. Thus satisfactorily was John Tarleton disposed of. lie was not only dead but eaten, and until the great day when the last trump shall sound he would be as nothing. Meanwhile the subject of all this ghastly gossip enjoyed himself in ine captain's cabin. He really felt life was worth living, for being dead in the abstract lent an added charm to being alive tn ihe concrete. All his debts for instance, both monetary and otherwise, must be wiped out now that he had dis appeared in the waters of the Southern Ocean, and to a man with such a load of sin and crime on his shoulders it was pleasing to think he could not be called on to pay the debt C J 12 (To be Continued.) 