ORIOKETEES CURIOUS EXCUSES. No batsman likes getting oat, and no fields man likes missing a catch. Which accounts for the supply of ingenious excuses which | every crickeier has to offer whenever either of the' abovementioned catastrophes occur. This' fondness of some sort of an excuse isn't by any means confined to village or club cricket. County crioketers arc quite as prone to tbe habit. The most amusing excuses ever heard in first-class cricket was j certainty that given by Peate, the famous x orKsairo stow oowier, auer tne great England v. Australia match at tbe Oval in 1882\. , As everyone knows, when Peate. tbe last man on the English Bide, joined 0. T. Studd-at the wicket, England required nine runs to win. To the horror of tbe crowd, Peate at once began to hit out wildly, and after scorring two was clean bowlt-d 1 When Mr. Hornby, the English Captain remon strated with him afterwards for his rashness, Peate replied, ' Well, I couldn't trust Mr. Studd to stay in, so I thought the best thing to do was to try to msko the runs before he got out.' This was simply delicious, consider ing that at that time Studd was one of the finest batsmen in England, and scored a century only a few days previously. Even W. C. Grace isn't above making an excuse occasionally. No doubt his excuses are perfectly legitimate; but still, to the uninitiated in the niceties of the game, it seems a trifle far-fetched to hear the cham pion ascribe one of his failures to make any runs on the Sussex County Ground to the fact that the bud, dancing on the water at Brighton, bo dazzled hiB eyes that ho was quite unable to ' time ' the bowling properly. A few years ago tho writer heard a most preposterous excuso offered in perfect good faith by ono of the best-known of the Middlesex players in the pavilion at Lords, during a match between Middlesex and Yorkshire. After making some half-dozen runB, this player was given out 1 leg before wicket.' On his return to the pavilion, ho received the usual condolence, and some asked him if he was really out. 1 Out I' he replied. ' Why the ball wasn't going within the tenth part of an inch of the stumps. It did not in the least appear to strike him that if he coqld judge the flight of the ball with the unerring accuracy represented by the tenth part of an inch, it would be quite impossible for any bowler in tbo world to get him out. But tbe fact of it is that, when a cricketer wants to make an excuse, he seizes on the first that cornea to hand, with out stopping to consider its absurdity. Saturday afternoon matches are generally most prolific in examples of this sort. A couple of suasons buck, in a mutch between Ealing and another suburban team, tbe champion batsman of the latter team, was ignominously dismissed for 0. He came back to the dressing- room simply fuming. What a ghost ly ground. Stoddart himself couldn't make a run on such a ploughed field. On a pitch like that the biggest duffer of a bowler is as deadly us Jack Hearne.' Unfortunately for the truth of bis remarks, when he went on to bowl himself, so fur from showing the deadliness of Jack Hearne, he was hit to every part of the field in a way that suggested that, whatever other merits hiB bowling possessed, ' deadliness ' certainly wasn't one of them — oxcept, indeed, deadli ness to the prospect of hiB side winning tho match. Tom Emmett, the Veteran Yorkshire bowler, was at one time nearly as famous for his excuses as for the number of wides he used to bowl. Once when he was bowling for Yorkshire against the Australians, Lyons sent him back a red-hot catch, which Emmett made no attempt to hold. ' Look hare,' he remarked, when one of his side chaffed himabout funking the catch, 'I didn't catch it, not I ; but when I saw that ball coming I says to myself, 1 Tom, if that ball damages your band Yorkshire is beat, as except yourself there's not a man on tho sido able to get the Australians out.' Then there is tho good- natured typo of excuse which, unfortunately, isn't heard nearly so often as some of the others. When O. L. Townsend first played for Gloucester, his extraordinary slimness gavo Richardson an opportunity for making an excuse, for the first and only time in his cricketing career. At that time Townsend had no pretensions to being a good bat, but he managed to smite Riohardson with considerable effect in one match. 1 1 daren't bowl my best to him,' was Richardson's good-natured explanation ; ' if one of my fast ones hit him it would break him clean in half. The list of Btrange excuses can be indefi nitely multiplied by anyone who takes the trouble to pay a round of visits to schoolboy oricket matches, though tho excuses which the writer heard from a very youthful Harrovian last summer will take some beat ing. ' I never felt like making runs this afternoon,' remarked this juvenile cricketer to a still moro juvenile companion, 1 whon I remembered that I had had poached eggs for breakfsBt this morning. I never miiko a score when I eat ponched eggs. I believe they are unlucky. The connection between poached eggs and feeble batting is certainly hot obvious to anyone but a schoolboy. 