[?] . , ? .»; ' ; . ; ? - ''?'.: HE \j?lattner Story, an^ nt Others^' -by H. G. Wells;; P ?-?--. Methuen'-E Colonial IA \\- brary-.Iiondon, 1897.— The \ ? . fantastic -and -the superua \- tural enter largely into the ;'?' injgredients of which Mr.; -,- Wells'* stories are made lip. ' They exhibit strong \- imaginative power, and the v ?' 'writer ihas . not a little of ^ that art by which things v -incredible in themselves are invested with an 'at- mospnere of reality. For \- one of thfe stories Steven sons -Dr. jeiryu ana Mr. Hyde' may be thought to have furnished a hint. It is entitled 'The late Mr. Elvesham,' and tells how by the aid ef science an aged' philosdpSer, effected a still more wonderful exchange ? of peiBonalities than that des cribed in Stevenson's narrative. Dr. Jekyll and the other likeness which he presented were, it will be remembered, . evolved from one and the same person. The unfortunate hero of Mr. Wells's tale is compelled to forsake his own body and inhabit 'that of a decrepid old man, who, on the other hand, assumes the youthful form which he has influenced in so extraordinary a way. What are supposed to ,be ythe experience of a disem bodied spirit, which, suddenly wings its flight through space, are described in a singularly ef fective manner in a sketch called 'Under the Knife.' In all the stories the interest is very well sustained. A few of them are in a humor ous vein. The book has been sent us through Messrs. George Robertson and Company. 'In Camp and Barrack,' -by W. Ferrard ' Ail- burn (Captain Random): Ward Lock and Com pany, London, etc., 1897. — In his introduction to ihese sketches of military life, Mr. Ferrard runs a tilt at Mr. Rudyard Kipling. That popularly accepted laureate of the British Army is accused of striking a false note when he so persistently represents, soldiers as talking in pronounced Cock ney siang, or else with an equally aggravated pro vincial English accent or Irish brogue. The pri vate soldier nowadays, Mr. Ferrard says, can usually express himself in very fair English, and those grotesque peculiarities of utterances which Mr. Kipling is wont to attribute to him are the exceptions, and not the rule. Mr. Kipling's sol dier is, the author of 'Camp and Bariaek' hints, a warrior who is to a great extent a product of Mr. Kipling's imagination. It js ' admitted, how ever, that he has, at all events, done justice to the fighting qualities . of the men whom, in other re epecte, he has exhibited under so much of a fancy gufoe. For his own delineations of Tommy Atkins ?in his hours of ease and otherwise, Mr. Ferrar'e claims no more than that they are from life, and that he has bad an intimate acquaintance with the original. The book makes lively enough read ing. It has reached us through Messrs. Angus and Robertson. Through tie eanie firm we .have also received 'CaeseH'e Fiamily Magazine' for June. The Aus tralian novelist, Mr. G. W. Hornung, contributes a story to it entitled 'A Demon of Revenge,' the ecenes of which, ore laid in Sydney and the bush. Sir Wemyas Reid has an interesting article on, the Reform Club (London), in which . some notable 'club ghosts,' including tiiose of Thackeray, Faw cett, 'the -blind Postmaster General,' John Bright, and Robert 'Lowe are conjured up. 'A Master of Mysteries'- relates the* strange adventures of a 'ghost exposer.' . As a supplement to the number, there is an album of illustrations from ''Romeo and Juliet,' from the original drawings by Frank Diekeee, R.A. 'The Windsor Magazine' far June offers some special attractions. In the first place it has a series of pictures of eminent subjects of Queen Victoria, some twenty in all. Among thcee repre sented are Lord Salisbury, Mr. Gladstone* 3U-rd Russell of Killowen, Sir George Grey, Sir William Haxcpurt, Herbert -Spenoer, and the Baroness Burdett Coutits. Mr. Rudyard Kipling writes about the 'Victoria Cross,' and tells of many stirring incidents which have been associated with the winning of that notable insignia of valor. There is a further instalment of Mr. Hall Caine's novel of 'The Chris tian,' together with a number of snort stories. Mr. George Robertson and Company have sent us 'The Australian Kitchen Garden,' by Frank Finedon; of which work they are the publishers, and which is replete with information in connection with that particular department of horticulture. TJie book is provided with a special calendar, and it is profusely illustrated besides. 'Fifty Hints for Australian Boys' is a tiny booklet, published by T. G. Houghton and Company, Druitt- street, Sydney. The writer, who describes himself as 'an 'old boy,' would ^eem to be very ? zealous .in the cause of good manners, and of course '' very commendably so. 