THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, oar representative made bis way to the humble home of Mr. ThomaB Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the kuocfc at the ■ door. Although pale and still bearing the ! marks of a critical Illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear I hat he was an invalid , on the rapid road to couvaleeence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case? Well I am glad of an opportunity to 1 tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got eo bad that I had to leave off work, and 1 have done nothing since then. About five yean ago,: next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was I badly scalded while taking abath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the aocident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual deveiopement of the malady I was forced to ; give up my billet at the Glebe Island. " What were the symptoms J" " Simply iodescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world ifke as if a saw were cutting my bones { in two in every part of me. I had no oontrol 1 over my bowels or bladder, and I was a nuis ance to myself and everyone else. I was fn oessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On 23 rd Maroh last I saw a wellknown doctor and he told me that uiy case was utterly hopeless. However he gave me an order to the Director of Cb&rit; I able Institutions." " Did you make use of the order I" " No; X came home end went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever ainpe. Five Weeks ago I oould not walk across the floor; in fact, I oould not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor wai attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pllle, to ease the agony I was to. I waa under him foe five or eh weeks. He came to the conclusion that I waa suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive loco motor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating vcluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get ths use of my lees. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement de scribing the cure effected ia the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I real in the Australian IFor&man;, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read the advertise ment of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvelous as it was magical. I waa able to eat and sleep as though nothing waa the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I bad for many • day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am Gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vital ity. Von see those crutches there t They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Piils, but I waa too weak to asa them, and bow I don't want jbam. All I want is this stick, and I bope soon to do without it. Tou see I I am rapidly regaining my atrength." It t?a la inn nor nnl. » ..M VI Jams, who had come tn and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved hie life, and made another man of hint." A friend who called in at this point said! that Jarvis looked ten yean younger that day than be did » fortnight previously, " I ean now," continued Jarvia, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come bask in my lega. It I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work ae a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and etrength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the paat five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to then Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel tike a new man. On the mantelpieoe there is a box of opium and morphia pilli which the doctor fave me to deaden tbe excruciating pain, tut they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amaxed at tbe change in me. They oan hardly believe their eyes. My being abon again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many dis6rders whioh arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as aosamta, pale and sallow complexion, general mnaoular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, paini in the back, nervous headache, etc. What Next.— Messrs. Appal Bros, have de signed a new prinaiple of se&rf; pins that oan be worn in a bow soarf with Batety; also initial hatpins, initial safety pins, long tie clips. 