THE ARCHDEACON OF LIVER POOL AND TIIE PAPAL BULL. ' The following is part of a paper read by Archdeacon Taylor at a Liverpool Diocesan Conference: — In the limited space of time allowed me for hlxis paper I have none to spare: for introduction, proofs or amplifications. therefore enter at once upon tne suoect / Anglican Orders." Since this subject was decided upon by the Standing Committee the Pope has, by his recent Bull " Apostolic® Cur®," formally and finally pronounced that our orders are "absolutely null and utterly void." the pope's reasons. Let us examine the reasons which he assigns for this decision, and the princi ples which he holds. The reasons are two — defect of form and defect of inten tion. The Council of Trent distinctly teaches that the Christian ministry is essentially a truly sacrificing priesthood, and that her priests have "the power-of consecrating and offering the true body and blood of the Lord." This doctrine the Church of Rome has given expression to in her Pontificale Romanum, and in the sacrificial formula by which her priests are ordained, viz., " Take power to offer sacrifice to God, and to celebrate masses for the quick and . the dead," and not only in that formula, but also in numerous other parts of her service for ordaining her priests and bishops, where the sacerdotal and sacrificial functions are expressly mentioned as essentially pertaining to these offices. Then it is a simple matter of historical fact, which any one can see with his own eyes, if he will but take the .trouble of comparing the Sarum or Roman Pontifical' with the Anglicnn ' Ordinal drawn up in 1550, that not only was the sacrificial formula or ordaining expunged, and a new one introduced, but every other trace of the sacerd'otal and sacrificial idea was deliberately and of set purpose removed and wholly eliminated from it. The word "priest" is, indeed, retained; but the priestly functions and expressions are gone. The Pope therefore naturally and reasonably concludes that the doctrines they expressed were rejected also ; and as the new Form of 1550 made no mention of even convoying the priesthood at all, it was essentially and radically- defective; and thus, without any other consideration, he was bound to pronounce accordingly. The formula put forth in 1550, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost," had, indeed, an addition put to it, or inserted rather, in 1662, by which the office of priesthood was conveyed; but this was one hundred and twelve years too late. The old hierarchy had long died out ; indeed, there was but one, or two of them at most, on the bench in 1559, viz., Hodgkins and Barlow. the conclusion. irrefutable. I do nottsee how, the Pope's reasoning is t6 be refuted, i.e., if we admit his principles. By the formula which I have quoted from the Pontifical, and by it alone was the priesthood actually conveyed. Hp to that moment the candidates were simply " ordinandi' " (about to be ordained), and from that moment, upon the utterance of those words, they were "ordinati" (ordained). no new decision. Nor is this Papal decision a new one. As long ago as 1555, when Mary was on the throne, Paul IY. in the bull " Prae- clara Carissimi " and its explanatory brief, " Regimini universalis," condemned all orders which had not been received accord ing to the " Form of the Church " as invalid. And accordingly Cardinal Pole, in his legatine constitutions issued in 1556, explained that the " Form of the Church " meant the form prescribed in the Pontificate ; .and consequently every bishop that had been consecrated bytlieEdwardine Ordinal was deprived. Not' ohe was allowed to remain on the episcopal bench. And for the last three hundred and forty years the unbroken practice of the Church of Rome has been in accordance with this decision. Pope Leo, therefore, has simply carried on and confirmed the decrees of his predecessors and the practice of his Church. Knowing these facts one can only be surprised at the annoyance which has been felt .and expressed by so many. Some of the disappointed, hoped that kind and Christian feeling would lead the Pope to recognize our orders ; or at least not condemn them ; and they attribute the bull to adverse influence from England ; but it should, in reason, be remembered that this is not a matter to be decided by kindly feel-, in g, but by fact and by the requirements of theological principles. As the able experts who wrote the articles in the Tablet well say: "If the Anglican Orders are valid per se, tho Pope cannot make them invalid. If they are not valid, if they have not the necessary conditions of validity, the Pope cannot make them so. He can give valid orders do. novo, blithe cannot make bad ones good." sacerdotal grace. We must not, however, suppose, as many seem to do, that the bull condemns our orders merely because we have rejected the " formula of ordination Accipe poteBtatem,' etc." This is, no doubt, the most obvious o.ne ; but it is not the only one. The causes lie deeper still : it is because every thing expressive of " sacerdotal grace " (gratia sacerdotalis) and sacrificial func tions in the other parts of the Ordinal in the Pontificale was also removed. In the very earliest of the sixteen ritu als or ordinals published by the learned Father Morinus, in the seventeenth cen tury, viz., that of the sixth century, and in all the subsequent ones, " sacerdotal grace " was prayed for, and in some of the latter ones there were also prayers that the "hands of the priest might be sanctified for con secrating the sacrifices which are offered for the sins of the people." All such expres sions were eliminated; and holy orders were no longer regarded even as a sacra ment. This idea was rejected as early as 1536, in the ten articles then put forth, when three sacraments only were retained, baptism, penance and the eucliarist ; and it was expressly condemned in 1562 " as not to be. counted for a sacrament of the Gos pel." (Article xxv., par 3.) On the whole, I believe that the Pope's argument is correct on the principles he assumes. Those principles, of course, we reject, and so, while admitting his facts, we deny his conclusions. the reqest for a papal pronounce ment. Archdeacon Taylor concludes: It is said by many of those who denounce the Pope's bull that the Church of England did not ask him to declare our orders valid. This is very true. But it is also true that high personages who represent a large and influential section of the Church of Eng land did so. Tt is simnlv weak and ridi- culous to deny or ignore that fact. — London Tablet. 