A SOLITARY CHRISTMAS. The Mysterious Lake. ■ Housing Her aid," Perth, W.A. . Sitting round ,the prospectors' camp, on the waterless plains of Western Aus tralia talksoon veered round to thoughtsoi approaching Christmas ; and to mention the future was, by the very law of con trast, to let loose memories of the past. The story-teller is soon found when you sit down to smoke by the tont door, watching the dying embers of the un necessary fire; and a flood of remi niscences is released for the delectation of the listener. A good story- teller requires a good audience, and appreciative listeners are as essential to the success of the bushman's yarn as to the bon mot of the drawing-room. The miner is, with all his practical hard-headedness, an imaginative man, and, were he not, he would be less sanguine, and, in the natural course of events, a loss persever ing prospector. The talk had been general for some time. A few snake stories from the northern miner and a thrilling narrative from one who had "done a perish," lost three camels, and theu travelled -10 miles without: water, guided by a " yallor dawg," prepared the camp for Christmas cheer. " Well, I don't thinkSuuch of Christmas in this country," exclaimed the other sider, as ho relit his pipe ; " but with you chaps round about it won't be so lone some like as last year." The camp as one man perfumod the air with clouds of tobacco smoke, and awaited the pleasure of the speaker, who rejoiced in,the name of " "Walhalla." " You see," he continued, "I'd been doing tlie 1 batter' in the mountains, in the rough ravines of the Australian Alps, when one day a young chap rode up to my camp. He bad a snack and a panni cau of tea, and then asked ine over to bis father s selection to dinner on Chrismas Day. On Christmas morning I set out very early for a 16-miles walk across the mountains a pretty tough job, consider ing that there was no track to speak of and the rough spurs and gullies I had to cross ; but it was something to look for ward to after a fortnight on wallaby, and nothing to talk to but the pheasauts aud dingoes. Yes, mate's ; a • fairly tough job, btii. no fear of doing a perish for want of water. Plenty of crystal water there that would bo worth more money than the Great Boulder if we had it in this country. Well, to my story. I was prospecting for a Christmas dinner, aud not for mountain streams. You believe me, I got on to that blessed track, aud lost and found it more times than I could count. Following that track, if so vou'd call it,_ was like following the ways" of a politician for pure cussedness. However, at a place where there was a bend in a track that wasn't there, if you under stand, I made up a wrong spur, and <*ot lost in the musk and fern trees. Hot aud damp it was, with scarcely a glint of sunlight through the leaves. Aud talk about quartz ! It came tumbling down. I soon found that there was no track that way. So I tacked, and climbed another spur. By this time I was becoming frightened, beside being prettv hungiy." " ' " Not a nice place to he lost in," re marked a young prospector. "Ho, mv hoy; just you take it from me, and don't get lost among fern trees and beeches. Your own thoughts and them blood-suckers will keep you fairlv busy. Once, I met a man who had been lost near III [U'O. "Wl.c:i 1.o — r.n found lie had been out six days, and was erawlin" along the bank of a stream on his hands and kneos. "When he was well enough to talk he said that ho must have cra wled, because he felt tlie clouds pressing his head down to the ground, but. poor fel low his body aud brain had become weak from hunger and fear. It's terrible lonesome in the mountain gullies where you know no one is likely to find vou." "But did the clouds trouble you, "Walhalla.-1" asked an eager searcher after gold. " Not exactly, hut I am quite satisfied to be alive now. To make a long story short, I got no Christmas dinner. I climbed up a spur, a great mountain of quartz. If we had it hero we could call it the ' Mammoth Blow '• and float it for a million or two. There was no gold in it, but that wouldn't matter to the promoters." "Yon are a hit rough," remarked one of the listeners. Well, isn't it enough to make us squeak when we see mines floated that contain no gold, and companies formed with a capital of £200,000 to secure an untried ' show,' and only £30,000 of it for working expenses, the promoters or vendors getting the rest ? That's what's doimr us harm over here. Away up the sulc of tnat spur, about 4000ft above tlie 1 ^evul of the sea, I built mv eanip-hre on Christmas night; but, tired as I was, I didn t sleep well. I thought too much auout finding my way hack, and when I did doze oft' the grunting of the wom bats and the jumping of the wallabies woke me up. It must have been about daylight when I saw right down in front of mo a beautiful lake. It stretched away for miles between the mountains, and its arms ran up among the spurs. I thought S"at 1I, was dreaming ; hut 'no, the lake was there, the trees and hills were reflected in it, and I thought of places I had seen in New Zealand* No one had told me of such an immense lake away up in the mountains, and still I wondered whether' anyone lived near it. Suddenly I heard someone Plowing a horn, and just before the sun touched the highest mountain saw three men come clown a spur, ride into the lake, and disappear beneath the water. I could still hear the bora, and thought that I must he going mad, or else stilfbe sleeping, and only thinking that I was awake. It was a kind of feeling I do not want to have again." "Might have been ghosts," interrup ted the youngster, who had previously spoken. " Might have been your grandmother, hut it wasn't," sarcastically remarked the story-teller. "Just then the sun shone through an opening in the hills and the beautiful lake faded away! Tlie horn was still blowing, but it no longer alarmed me. The sound was coming : up through the heavy mist of the lower valley, that had served as a lake, and in a few minutes J again saw the three horsemen, and one was the young man who had invited, me to dinner," " Well, how did they get there if tlioy were waiting at home for you ? " inquired the youth. " Might have gone out to hunt the bnnyip," Walhalla replied; " but it wusn't anything of the sort. They had ridden over to ineet'me with a horse, hut ■soon found that I had missed the way. "When they discovered me I was within half-a- niile of my camp; Well, wo had a good laugh over the matter. "We went to the camp where thoy "had left the spare horse, and then we rode over to their farm. "We had "the Christmas goose on Boxing Day, and an extra ' taste,' as we sat under the shady apple trees in the afternoon. * Here's luck'' " A Hatfield beekeeper telegraphed to a distance for a queen bee. A reply came, "The queen will arrive at 3.-10 (his afternoon." This was supposed by the telegraph operator to refer to the Queen of England, and there was an immense crowd at the railway station when the bee arrived. 