§P[p jliarntiBBirJ T^e Weapons of Mystery. CHAPTER XIV. GOD. I got into Oxford-street and; 'got on' a - 'bus. Mechanically I bought a paper, one of the leading dailies: Listlessly I opened it, and tho first: wbrds tliat caught my oyes were; ' Reviows of Books.' I glanced down the column; and saw the words, ' David. Elginbrod,' by George Macdonald. ' This- book is one of remarkable power,' tbe paper' went on to say, ' and will appeal to the highest class of minds. Its interest is more than ordinary, because it deals wit.h tho fnamnnflno . anKic^fa nf A mmnl Magnetism, Mesmerism, and Spiritual ism. Moreover, Dr. MaeDonald shows what , enormous ' power, for evil or for good, may be exerted by it ' ; ? indeed , the prinoiparcharacters in the story are so influenced by it, that the author is led to make quite a study of ' these occult sciences.' I did not read the review further ; what I had read was sufficient to deter mine the book. Accordingly, on my arrival in the city, I obtained a copy ; and then, with, all possible haste, I made my way home, and, throwing my self in a chair, sat down to read it. I did not cease reading until I had finished what I regarded then, and still regard, as one of the finest religious novels of the age. This may seem to many extravagant praise ; but when I remember the influence it had cn my life, I fee! inclined to hold to my opinion. Putting aside the other parts of the book, that in whioh I was so fearfully interested might be briefly stated thus Mesmerism and animal magnetism may be regarded as human forces. Those possessing them, and thereby having the power to mesmerize, may subjugate the will of those who are susceptible to mesmeric, influences, and hold them in a complete and terrible slavery. The oftecer the victim yields to the will of the mesmerist, tho stronger will his power become. There is only one means by which the person under this influence can be freo. This is by obtaining a strength superior to'that of the mesmerist, which is only to be realized by being in communion with a Higher Life, and participating in that Life. Only the Divine power in the life of the victim can make him possess a powor superior to the mesmerist's. Possessing that, he becomes free, be cause he possesses a life superior to more physical or human power. Tho victim in the bcrok is led to seek that Divine Life in her, and although she loses her physical life, she dies freed from the terrible thraldom which has been cursing her existence. That is all I need write concerning the book I have mentioned i.e. descriptive; of its teaching. It turned my mind into a now channel. The teaching seemed scientific and reasonable. If there were a God, who was the Source of all life, He could, by entering into the life of any individual, give him such forces as would be superior to any other force. This was true, further, because all evil was in opposition to the laws of the univorse, and thus the good must over come the evil. This, however, I clearly saw : if I would possess the power of God in me, I must submit myself wholly and unre servedly to Him. He had made me a ' free agent, and I must allow Him to possess me wholly. I will not describe what followed. It is too sacred a subject to parade. VVe cannot write on paper our deepest feel ings ; we cannot describe in words the yearnings and experiences of tho soul. : Were I to try I could give no adequate idea of my hopes and fears, my prayers and struggles. To realise my life, a similar sondition must be experienced. I ask, however, that I may bo believed when I say this : a month later I realiy believed in God, and soon I began to realize His power. I felt a new life growing in me, a higher life. I began to be possessed of a power whereby 1 could conquer myself, subjugate.my own will, and be master of my own passions. The reader may smile as he or she reads this, but this is true : when I became possessed of a life whereby I became master of my lower self, I felt free from ? Voltaire's power, 1 realized that to be. master over myself meant being a slave to none. I was free, and I knew it. A fuller richer life surged, within me, enabling zne to rise above tho occult forces'of our physical and mental natures. Hopo lived within me, and confidonco as to tho future began to inspire me. CHAPTER XV. Beginning to Search.' No soon did I begin to feel freed from Voltaire's power than I began to exert myself to find Ivaffar, if he were to be found. There was much in my favor. I possessed freedom; I had plenty of,money ; I had plenty of time. On the other hand, there was much against me. Was ho alive ? Were Voltaire's words true ? Had I in my mesmeric condition yielded to bis will in such a degree as to kill tho wily Egyptian and hurl him in tho pond? Again, if ho were alivo, whoro was he ? Who could tell 7 Supposing he had gone to Egypt, how could I find him V Pos uibly lie had a thousand haunts unknown to mo. 1 dotcririued to go to Yorkshire, and soou found myself within tho hospitable walls of Templo Hall. The bouse was vory quiet, however, for which I was very glad. I wanted to talk quietly with Tom ; I wanted to investigate the whole mattor. When I had finished tolling Tom my ; story, ho soemed perfectly astonished. ' What, Justin ! ' ho exclaimed, ' do you mean to soy that tho villain used such means to get you out of his rond Bud win Miss Forrest himself j ' I felt he waB unscrupulous when I first met him,' I replied. ' I am sure ho guessed my secret, and determined to got me out of the way by fair means or by roul.' We talked loug'concerning the matter; we tried to' recall all that had been said and done ; but, in spite of all, we could not hit upon any plan of action. ' Do you think she will marry Vol taire,' I said, after a short silence, ' if I cannot find Kaffar or : prove that he is alive ?' ' I am sure she will, Justin. Never did I meet with nay one who has a higher sense of honour than Bhe. I be lieve she would rather die than do a mean thing.' ' And , yet,' I soid wearily, ' I am almost certain I did hot kill Kaffar. I can remember nothing distinctly, and yet I have the consciousness that I never struok him a blow.' ' And I; too, am sure you did not do this Justin,' replied Tom. 'I felt that he was acting, in spite' of the'terrible. evidence against ybn. But what is tho ; use ? If you cannot find the Egyptian, he will marry Miss Forrest, and after that — well, all seems hopeless.' ' It shali not be hopeless,' I said, ' If he is alive, he shall be found, and I will bring him back, and she shall see him.' ' Ah, yes ; that reminds me, Justin, she bade me tell you that she will be in her own home at Kensington until after, the next new year.' This made me joyful in spite of every thing. She still had an interest in me ; she still believed me innocent. 'By the way, Tom,' I said after a short silence, ' have yon found out any thing in relation to the ghost which appeared here during my visit ? ' (7b be Continued .) 