UK. JOHNSON" ON LA.W AJSiJ LAW YE It must lilwajs be inleiibting to lawyers to hear the opinions of t>u intelligent Lyman on them and tin ir piofe^ion, e-peciidly wUu tho laymun is ono (villi the lobu-t good souse of a Dr. Johnson, for teo ninny laymen talk sad trash about the law and its professors. Even a man like the pcet Wordsworth, himself the sen of a country policitor, could write like this in " A Poet's Epitaph " : — " A lawyer art thou ?—draw not nigh ; Go curry to some otl.er place The keenne?s of that practised eye. The hardness of that sallow face." This kind of abuse is chcap ; retaliation ca.'y : — " A poet ait thou ? Scarecrow fly, And .-.airy to seme other clime The frenzy of that robing eye, The twaddle of that tuneless rhyme. Johnson was full of prejudice, but on law and lawyers he nras remarkably lucid and just. " Lawyers, he said, " know life practically. A bookish man should always have them to converse with. They have what he wants." It is a curious fact that at the age of fifty-six " the great lexicographer,''as Miss Pinkerton in " Vanity Pair" delighted to call him, had actually composed a prayer —and a very good one, too—that his study of it might be sanctified " to direct the doubtful and instruct the ignorant, to prevent wrong and terminate contention." It is a matter for real rrgret that he never eariied out bis design. How well we can picture the ponderous doctor as a learned Queen's (or rather Kin:;'.*) Counsel, refining on his points to the Court, or haranguing a jury, while " words of wondrous length and thundering sounds " amazed the gaping occupants of the jury-box ! A friend of Dr. Johnson once said that he was like a ghost, who never spoke until he was spoken to—the truest description of liim, the doctor said, ever given ; aud it is to the initiative of the inquisitive Boswell—of course, the admirable showman—that we owe the doctor's dicta on law and lawyers. Boswell wis going to the English Bar, or rather playing at it, and a gay friend, be said, had advised him sgainst being a lawyer, because he would be excelled by ploddiug blockheads. " Why, sir,'' said Dr. Johnson, " in the formulary and statutory part of the law a plodding blockhead may excel, but in the ingeuious anu ratioual part of it a plodding blockhead can never excel." " You must not indulge," went on the doctor, " too sanguine hopes should you be called to our Bar. I was told by a very sensible lawyer that there are a great many chances against auy man's success in the profession of the law. The candidates are so numercus and those who get large practice are so fsw. He said it was by no means true that a man of good parts and application is sure of having business, though he, indeed, allowed if such a man could but appear in a few causes his merit would be known, aud he would get forward ; and that the great risk was that a man might pass half a life- time in the courts and never have an opportunity of showing bis abilities," This is as much a melancholy truth to-day as it was a hundred years ago. " What means may a lawyer legitimately use to get on?" Nice questions of casuistry arise. " A geritlemaD, ' says Boswell, " told me that a countryman of his and mine, 'Weddeiburn—afterwards Lord Loughborough —who had risen to eminence in the law, had, when first making his way, solicited him to get him employed iu city causes." Johnson : " Sir, it is wrong to stir up lawsuits ; but when once it is certain that a lawsuit is to go on, there is nothing wrong in a lawyer's endeavouring that he shall have the benefit rather than another." Boswell: "You would not solicit employment, sir, if you were a lawyer ?'' Johnson : " No, sir ; but not because 1 should think it wrong,but became 1 should disdain ir." This is a good distinction which will bs felt by men of just pride. He proceeded : " However, I would not have a lawyer to be wanting to himself in using fair means. I would have him to inji ct a little hint now and then to prevent his being overlooked."' This is a very tolerant view of professional etiquette. When the great Duches* of Marlborough called at young Murray's chambers and found liim out—we may presume he w;is engaged in drinking champagne with his wits— the imperious dame said, on meeting him next : " Young man ! if you want to rise in your profession you must not sup out." Boswell had an uneasy feeling that he must give up supping out, and he put it to Johnson whether a very extensive acquaintance in London might not be prejudicial to a lawyi r Said Johnson : " Sir. you will attend to businers as business lays boll of you. \Vh< n not actually employed you may see your fiit ills as much as you do now." Sir Matthew Hale once said that it was as great a dishonour as a man were capable if that he should be hired for a little moi ey to say otherwise than he thought. B'>t the truer and juster view of the ethics of advocacy is well expounded by Johnson. Boswell feared thatthe affeciation of warmth in a client's cause might produce habitual dissimulation. " Why, no, sir, a man who i.s paid to tumble; —the metaphor is not flattering to the Lwyer —will not go on tumbling whin he is nt t to l e p i i u.i it." Lawyeis eu'liv.-.t"! the di ft user gracis of' ihttrric. Tin y •? r. vim-limes accused ev. n of' gamdi'V It is unjust, sir. ba.nl Johnson,, "to censuie, iawyeis for multiplying wirdswhen th"y e-i^ue. L is oitui neciss»r.> fur tlu-m to multiply words, 'lids' (he said), i eveningto some point) "jou must euLi'^e on when speaking to the Committee (of th'3 House of Commons). You must not trgue there as if you were arguing iu the sehi ols. Close reisoning will not lix tiu ir atlention. You must ray the same thing over and ovt r pgain in different words. If you say it but once they miss it in a. moment of inattention." 