FOOTBALL. UANNANS v OOOLGAlIDIE ROVERS. On Sunday a match was played at Cool. gardie between the champion team of that district-namely, the Bovers-and a team from the Hannans Football Club, which at present is ahead of the Kalgoorlie premiership list. An interesting con. test was anticipated, and a very large concourse of people assembled to witness the match; but the expectations were not realised, as a more one-sidedl game could hardly be imagined. The Rowers forged ahead fiom the jump, and never gave 'the visitors a ghost of a chance. Unquestion ably the best team won. In every depart ment they were superior. The Hannans have had a very severe lesson taught them, ands it behoves them to organise and play more in concert if they wish to retain the laurels they have won. The recent defeat by the Boulders went to show that Hannans have been an overrated team, $ nd Sunday's con test affords convincing proof of this. They do not keep their places, and very of*en they spoil each other in going for a mark. The Rovers, on the other hand,play '"like a book." They play to each other, and with judgment, and do not rush into the game like the proverbial bull in a china shop. Thus football becomes a pretty and scientific game, and not a question merely of brute force. If the Hannans' players were all that Kalgoorlie had to rely upon, the result of the test match next Sunday would be a foregone conclusion, but, fortunately, we have a wider field for selection. Graeme was absent on Sunday afternoon, and was sorely missed. The only players who quite held their own with the Rovers' represents. tives were Bowes, "Carbine " Gullen, Bowell, and Liddelow. " Alick" McKenzie's attempts'at goal kicking were great disap pointments. On one occasion he failed to punt it throngh froma few yards in front of goal. Young Bond, the royer, was also " off color." Sumpter captained the Rovers, whilt the visitors were.:skippered by " Jerry " Guinlen, and the duties of central umpire were dis charged by Mr McMillan, who gave general satisfaction. Theball had not been bounced more than a minute before the Bovers, aided slightly by the wind, got the ball down to their opponents' end, and Richardson kicked a goal from a lucky mark a few yards in front of the sticks. The ball was taken to centre, where . Farrell and" Snowey" Jarvis of the Rovers, distinguished themselves. Hannans back men were taxed to the utmost at this stage. At length Sumpter bagged second goal for the home team. After the bounce Liddelow made a pretty run, com pletely shaking off "Snowey"Jarvis; but his efforts were nullified by the strength of the Rovers' half-backs, who sent the ball flying in an opposite direction along the wing. Fox relieved well and Bowes and Bowell jointly carried the ball for the first time to the vicinity of the hovers' goal posts. A behind was scored. Watts kicked of, and Bower, who marked, passed to Stack. The latter was aot equal to the occasion, and merely sent the ball out of bounds; Bowell, from a difficult angle, registered a behind. Smart work was shown in the rock by Liddelow, but Farrell and Sumpter worked so effectively that the Rovers again worked up a powerful attack. A behind, however, was all that was notched. "Teddy" lowell made a similar contribu tion to the Hannans' score. J. McCormack's back work on behalf of the Rovers was of a nigh order, and Oscar Hyman, though some what blp;stering and clumsy in his move. ments, nevertheless rendered invaluable ser vice. It.was the Rovers' day out, an. doubtedly. They were destined to miss very few chances of kicking goals, and some of their successes were lucky, to say the least. Farrell, from a snapshot, put up third goal, and Ashton went within an ace of repeating the trick.' Richardeon had an easy chance, but gtounded the ball, and Morrissent it out of bounds.. Rovers adde l two points, and then Richardson had another try. Thistime he struck the very top of one of the goal posts. Two more behinds by Byman, and then' the bell rang. Scores at quarter time: Rovers-3 goals 7 behinds (25 points). Hannans-3 behinds (3 points). After the change of ends Farrell attracted attention by very cleverplay, in which great ju igment was also shown. Bond, of the Hannane, retmrned the ball to Innes, who forwarded to "Alick " McKenzie. The last named placed 'the ball, but his attempt was a bad one., Leighton bagged a goal for the lovers, and" then Hannans put up three behinds in quick succession. The third one was from a difiicult angle, the mark having been 'taken alongside a behind post. "Aelck " somewhat foollhely tried a place kick, which did not come of. The plwas becoming rather tame, when Hammond, the fleet Rover player, caused a diversion by bolting with the ball, the oltimate result of whtch was that FarrelL scored fifth goal for the' home combination. Hyman added a behind, and then SQwell,' obtaining a free for a push from behind, forwarded to cKenzle, who was standing within a short distance of the sticke. It looked any odds on a goal being scored, but to the surprise of everyone, SAlidk" 'failed dismally in his aim. Richardson' had an easy show on be. half of the Rovers soon afterwards, but he grounded the ball. However, a goal wap kicked out of the ruck, the Rvers' 'luqk standing to them again. Another goal was put up by E. Leighton and a behind lby Hansmond, after rhich McKenzie caused the single flag to be raised in the interests of HEnnans. At half-time the scores wesre: lovers-7 goals 9 behinds (51 points). Hannans-8 behindi (8 points). For some little while after the interval Hannans bad the better of the play, but a behind was all they could muster. Some excitement was caused by a race along the wing between Liddelow and Hammond. The K4lgoorlie man, who lud the ball, brilliantly shabook his opponent off, amidst applause. Bannans could make no use of their opportunity, but goals came from kicks by Richardson and Oscar Ilyman on behalf of the Bovers. Hyman's was a snapshot. Leighton punted agoal, " Snowey" Jarvis scored a behind, and J. Jarvis registered a goal-au in quick succession. The visitots were now hopelessly in the rear, and a be hind by Ashton, and a goal by Leighton put them further in the rear. At three-quarter time the scores read : Bovers-12 goals 11 behinds (83 points). Rannana-9 behinds (9 points). The last quarter was practically devoid of interest, for there was no possibility of the visitors wiping off such a big deficiency. Hannans did succeed in kicking their first (and only) goal, but the Rovers more than compensated for this by putting up nine behinds. Final scores: Rovers-12 goals 20 behinds(92 points). Hannans-l goal 9 behinds (15 points). 