*" —mrtUCENCE. A N A Cll-LPTKIt XIV" Thoro was tsilenco in tlie mansion whioli now acknowledged Evo for its mistress, aud it continued for many d0 I. 8 - . . , C nffimta Evo bail recovered from the effects of her sudden and strange fit of ex citement ; but the Countess of Carle ton, after the close of her interview with Sir Merle Adamant, had been carried senseless to a bedchamber in £he houao, and required the-prompt, services of the physician who previously boon summoned to attend At fir?t it W(iB supposed that tlio countess waa attacked by brain foyer, for. hor illness assumed that form, and of a very dungeroua character, tooj but akiUa! treatmont .aoon developed that, liko Eve's, it waa only a case of intense montal excitomeut. ladyship waa, howover, sufficiently ill to be confined not only to her chamber, hut her bed for Bomo dnya, and she found in Eve an attentive, gentle, patient, although a peculiarly silent companion. During this compulsory aeclnaion from fashionable life, tho intending suitor? for tho hand ? of Eve were anxiously watching for her re- appear anco, ond were actively, though secretly, engaged in making arrange ments which would securo for thom opportunities of specially commending themselves to her favorable notice. Adrian Clyffordo might, porbapa, be excepted irom this li?t, for ho aocluded himself moro than ever in his painting- j room, and refusod all solicitations to i go out, to rido, drivo, walk, to visit, or to assist at even ouo of tho many Bplendid assemblies to which he was almost daily invited. Clarice Umfraville observed this conduct with a bitterness of feeling that almost drove hor to distraction. She knew tho causo, and the know ledge fillod hor with dismay. She had attained from girlhood a certain power over him, which she had mistaken for comploto onthralment; and now she began to diacover, with a well-grounded terror, that it waa nothing of the kind. They had beon brought up togotlier. Clarice waa an orphan daughter of an elder brother of Lord Itoscelin —both sons of a peer —to whoso title he had succeeded, and he had boon appointed her guardian. She was brought up, not only under hia care, but in his own bousohold, as if sho had bcon his child. Adrian, always handsome, had won from hor o certain fondnoss, duo entirely to his good looks, for she ? ontortained a great dislike—although she was artful enough to keep it secret —to hia quiet manner, and to his rigid notions of honour and pro* Eriety. She wasayoung lady who would ave been, if manipulatod by a phre nologist, declared to possess cerebral organisation, in which amativonoss was largely developed, but with caution almost as largo. This counterbalanc ing influence onabled her to conceal from tho not too closely obsorvant this frailty-in hor composition ; but it had not withheld her from wanderiug :into eqvivocal positions, from which she had extricated horself only by consummate ingenuity, artifice, and an utterly unscrupulous disregard for principlo. . . JJor had it saved her from tho com mission of one mo?t dreadful error. Her fault had not been weakened or subdued by terms passed at a school of tho very highest class, in which, in spite of the rigid regulations respect ing propriety, if not- of morals, _sho had found companions whoso minds ran as loosely, as hor own, and who. were loss scrupulous of oven their out \- ward behaviour than sho. ? From hor girlhood, as ? soon as sho began to form a notion respecting a sweetheart—-and aho was very young when sho commenced —Bhe elected Adrian to the post of first lover. Ho was so handaome, he had such splendid eyo?, nnd such a lovoly complexion, that it was not possible tp see him without admiring him. Clarice, oven when she woro short dresses, believed herself to be wonder fully in love with him ; and as ho was kind and affectionate in hia manner to ,j ier —for he had no si?tor, and aho supplied the place of one to him —she concluded a little too prematuroly that ho loved hor with all hia heart, ond that he would become eventually her husband. Cortainly hia tondorness and affec tion did not display itself in carosses, or that outnnrd display of lovo which women are too apt to mistake as posi tive evidence of tho gouuine article, . for he blusbod when she kissed him, and anid, " Don't, Clary dear," and ho p'ttheroff pettishly when sho exhibited an inclination to twine her arms about his nock, and rost' her soft cheek against his. . She, although annoyed at his distasto for what aho thought to be the natural evidences of tho toudor passion, came to regard it as a sigu of the coldness of his nature, added to by a passion for study. Some of her: vivacious Bchool-companions, whom'she had in vited to bor home to meot her hand aomo.cousin, Adrian, had, after some experience of his indiffercncc to their charms' and their winning wavs, pro nouncod him' 11 a muff." She,, ultir mutely.agreed with this opinion. Such reflection's, -however, as_ she in dulged in led hor to regard this fact aa an advantage in a matrimonial point of view, while it effaced from her heart ,the impression- that she-loved him. , .' . ' ?. The conclusion at . which sho ar rived had, no doubt, a grave and un fortunate influence on her future con duct; It brought to her the miserable - and wicked delusion, .'that vice ~i? criminal only when discovered. _ She, therefore, having no real principle of honour.' or" integrity, - determined to crntify her vicious inclinatione with out being chocked by conscientious Hcrunles, whenover she had an oppor tunity, in which discovery was, at leaet, very improbable, if possible. To remove all suspicion that she had so foul a blemish m her nature, she, with skilful and mgemous cun niuc, assumed the character of simple 1 innocence, or what a Urge proportion 'of her friends termed a silly inno ??lt?uiattered little to her what .they called it, so that they thought it real. She had not the subtest objection to be regarded as a fool by the many, so long as there wore a few who knew better. , ,? She bad hitherto pursued her mis taken and wicked courso successful ly. She made euro that, at a comparatively early date, Adrian would mako hern is wife, and she intended that hot wed ding-ring should be a talisman which would concoal her misdoings past and to come. ? ?' ? . .; '? Lady Itoscolin, whom sho had com pletely gulled, was strongly in favour of the mateh. Lord Koscelin, for reasons territorial, was not opposed to if and Adrian had offerod no _pbjec tion oven when a kind of informal betbrothal—ono which was under stobd rather than ceremonious—was aerood upon betweou his father, mother, and Ciarico. She, therefore, looked upon her bird as trapped, and acted accordingly. .' ' . , Conscience, however, will not bo stiflod'in its home; in spite of all ro preesion, it will spook, and at tucpn vonient moments too. 1-ears will spring up during the season of great successes, and anticipations of re versos will obtrude theinnelves at times when thoro seems to bo not tho slightest cause for their appearance. ' Clarice was not exempt from these unwelcome intrusions, and, in order to moko horselE quite safo, eho triod, with oil her woman's fiuesso, artifice, and strategical cunning, to lure Adrian into something approaching a false step with her. ' Sho knew that, if sho succeeded in doing this, her hold upon him would be irremovable. Ho would be man acled to her without tho possibility of release, bocauso hie principles of honour were so that, if in a moment of human weakness, ho tripped he would not for an instant shrink from making the fullest reparation in his power. But iu this dovice she met with no success. She was repulsed, and she saw, with the quick penetratiou of hor sex, that she did not by such attempts, however covertly they were made, _ad vauco herself in Adrian's estimation. She did not, however, abandon her dciigu, for she know already how frail poor human uaturo is, and she bad made a discovery which forced upon her a consciousness of the magnitude of the stake ehe was playing for. Sho acted more covertly when alone with Adrian; but when out with him she conducted herself in such a manner as to lead their acquaintances to boliovo that there was between them a closer intimacy than had ever existed from their first meeting, and ehe nover failed to make every ono imagine that marriage with her cousin was a fact all but the coromony. ? It may, therefore, bo imagined what was hor consternation and dietractiou, when, having discovered that n. de-. parturo from tho paths of purity hod tmtailod iupon her n tremendous ponalty, sho became nwaro of the fact that Adrian had fallen in love svith another. ; Acquainted as ehe was ..with .his nature, she was but too certain that this new, perhaps first and only truo lovo, signified a death-blow to her maxriago with him, unless.she could in some woy obtain a power over him from which it would be impossible to roleaso himself. A secret iutorviow at nidgt on tho banks of the Serpentine river with Grantley Fitzaustroy, whom she had foncied that she loved, but whom she now hated more fiercely than she despied, had taught her that she had nothing to expect from him except a proffered help of a kind likely to bo valueless to jher. She therefore de termined to act without other assist ance thon that which her confidential maid, Bavago, could afford her. She had no secrots from Ravage, and Eovogo was the truest, most faithful, self-denying, devoted creature it was possible to meet with iu the world. At least Ciarico TJmfraville believed Clarice suffered two days after the lal costume at the Countess of Carle ton's to pass away without attempt ing to see or converse with Adrian ; but she spent tho creator portion of that time iviah his mother- She contrived to lead and to koop the conversation mostly upon her yroapeetive marriage with Adrian, and to spenk in terms of passionate fond ness for him. Lady Roscelin lamented that her 'son should display so much ajmthetic indifference to her loviug tenderness; but Clarice, with affected coyness, shook her head, and inti mated that, when thoy wero alone to gethor, Adrian was most fond; that, in fact, he embraced and kineed ber ho ardently that at times he almost terri fied her. Lady Boscelin looked grave at this, and declared that she would reprove hor son. Clarice, however, with a pretty playfulness, told her she could not pirmit her to scold him, for sho had already rated him herself, and ho had promised to bo a good boy for tho future; and she wan sure ho would until ho broke his promise again. ' Poor fellow !' she added, with, as liady Boscelin thought, -the most Charming naivete; " he cannot help it!'! ??:? ??.?'?? ?? ?;? ' But. Lady -Bosceliu thought, too, that the sooner the marriage between Adrian and Clarice took- place, the bettor for all parties. _ ; .On the morning of the third day, -Adrian, painting in hie own room f die covered Clance ' looking over" his shoulder, while he wa*: intently, occu pied in trying to reproduce the eyos ?of Evens He hod seen thorn in li e. Love had done much to aid aekilful hand, and, in spite of her .malevolent feelinc*. Clarice ? .wm fow?l. h *? acknowledge to. hereolf that her cousin had been very fcuccewful with his brush. The eye* seemed to gleam, flash, and sparkle on tho canvas, and yet to have an exquisitely gentle ex pression, oven as those of five ap peared to her to havo had when she Stared bo eagerly and aorutiuitingly at them at the Countees of Carletons With an effort she forced back the emotion which- rose within breast to throat like a scorchmg flame,, and she placed her two hands gently upon Adrian's shoulders, and touched His ear with her fluehed check.. ? Tho hoad of Circe, Adrian P she observed, in a soft voice, modulated to its sweetest tone. ? - ... -U He started, and glanced at the face so-near to his own. The warm breath playing upon his cheek seemed to create an emotion of displeasure -in his mind. He rose up rather .un ceremoniously, suffering her hands to. fall to her sido; and, snatching too picture jpon which he had been'en gaged from tho easel, he placed it with its face to the wall. ?, , ? 'What ! still ctosb , with Clary, Adey ?' she said,-play fully. ? ' You know that I detest intrusion when I am painting, Clarice. , he said, potulently. ; 'Do I intrude upon you, Adey ? : she asked, in a roproachfut tone. He remained silent, and gazed out of the window, with a disturbed ex pression upon his flushed face. > She watched him anxiously, and drawing nearer to him, said, halt reproachfully— ?'? ' I remember tho time, Adey, when you seemed pleased to hove ino _ by your side while you were painting, that I might watch your progress, and praise your improvement.' . . He made no reply. ''. ? - 'It is not so long ago, Adey, she pursued. ' What have I done to offend you? ' ; * Offend mo, Clarice!' he answered, hastily. ' Offend me. .Nothing.' ' Yet you havo changed greatly in your manner towards me, Adey,' shb proceeded, fastening hor liijht blue eyes steadfastly on hie face. ' You are mistaken,' he inurinerod. evasively. . ' - ? ' , 'No, Adoy,' sho returned, ' STou know that we are not-friends of. yesterday. You.know that there are ties between us which are stronger than thoeo of affinity—— * - ; He started as if she had struck him with a lush. She observed it with, a flutter of the eyelids, and proceeded in the name strain— ? ' We have for years been on terms of such a tender.nature that it is im possible for me to suffer a change m your feelings to pass unnoticed or un remarked upon by me.' ... Adrian winced again, and paced the room with perturbed air. Clarice followed him, keepiner near to hie elbow, stopping as ho stepped, and turning as be turned. ' You have ' always shown so much sweetness of disposition, Adey dear, , she wont on, conscious—alas ! only too painfully conscious—that every, word she uttered seemed like planting'a poisoned weapon in his breast; ' but you have been, so gracious to mo, so thoughtful, so generous, so considerato, so unselfish, that, if I had had a heart of ice, eucasod in a bosom of stone, you would have drawn it from its secure place, and havo melted it. . Had you been a being of repulsive appearance, it would havo moved ray heart in "your favor; but, being what you are, it has created thero a feeling of worship, of adoration, Adoy.' She for a moment covered her face with her hand, and he groaned. 'Of course,' sho resumed,' tbuchuig her eyelids with her handkerchief, " having so warmly appreciated your constant tenderness of manner to uxe, a suddon change in that sweet kind ness shocks me beyond measure —it freezes my blood, it will break my heart." ' - L u She covered her eyes with her handkerchief; but not so completely but that she was enabled/to perceive the horrifiod expression, which had settled on his countenance. Hβ eeemed to bo convulsed by con tending feelings, and unable to utter a word. She, therefore, resumed epeak ing. 'This change iu your demeanour to mo,' sho sai'l, in quivering tonoa, not altogether assumed, for she know how miich was at etako on the success of her present move, " has, though of recent origin, not commenced to-day, uor yestdrday; but it sprang into existence on tho very day you saw the face which since has boon the constant subject of your poucil. The wpird face we saw in Cerne Wood— tho face we saw at the Countess ? f Carleton's the other night; tho satanic I beg its pardou—the face of the Angol cf Innocence- ' Adrinn stamped hie foot angrily. ?Speak no more on this subject, C.'arice,' he said, impatiently. ' No good can coma of it, and it displeases me' ner brows contracted . for a moment: bat ?ho instantly changed the character of her features to one of extreme melancholy. ???-?.- ' Some good must come of it, Adrian, , she exclaimed, in slow, but iinpreesive tones. ' A . mutual ex planation, which will bo of advantage to both, will come of it.' . . 'So be.it, Clarice,' ho exclaimed, she thought a little too eagorly to boao good to her design. ~ ?Well, then,-she exclaimed, with apparently frank though tremulous tones, ' farther reticence or die?uise between us will be useless—ndyi worse than , U?eles?,';wiekod.' 'Iconfeee, i freely that your unwavering attention, your constant kindnesses, your caress ing tenderness, jour und.agu.Hcd fondness for mo, Have, combned completely won my young and hitherto untouched heart. I love you. AJey devotedly, dearly, passionately, more adoringly even than I believe you lore me. and I know that, in . making that assertion, I am. saying much. We aro betrothed to each other, you know, arid I think, as I know Adey darling—do not laugh ? at my foolish blushM,Vshe cover ing her cheeks with her haudkorchier to conceal no, crimson suffusion, but that thoy were- white as death, ' I .think the sooner wo . end our uu. satisfactory position in which-,we stand to each other bv'tho marriage which, has been bo lobg.cqiitemplated by us, the better it will be for both of 'US.' '' ? ' . . Ho Btared at her aghast. ... :ah'j>: observed ? his . unconcealed amazement', and said, hastily — ?? ?Do not misapprehend ine.- xott know how to appreciate my truthful ness,. Adey—you kuaw that lam guileless 4 and artless, and always say what I mean, as well as what I thiuk. She rested her handupon his arm j and, looking up in his face with all the loving tenderness she could blend with its expression, added— . Let me only bo sjurs that by the possession of your haud I - hold your heart, and it will Be no source of uneasiness to me iE you'.'paiiit a thousand such faces, as that or the Angel of Innocence.' ; . ""With a face paler than her own. lie, with a gentle movoment, liberatod his arm from her touch, and, in a troubled, huskv voice, he Baid— —< Clarice, you have beon labouring under a dreadful misconception.* ; 'Misconception?' she faltered. ? ; . She with inward' dread anticipated the bolt that was about to fall. | ' Yes,' he responded, speaking with difficulty ; -you have misconceived my behaviour to yourself. I have re garded you as—my cousin. I have entertained no warmer feeling than such a tio of affinity ? should create in ? my bosom. I own that the knowledge, that you Were an without a brother or a Bister to solace ana com panion you, inovod me to show you more attention, more kindness, than 1 should, perhaps, have displayed to n sister, if I had been blessed with 0110 ; but I have nlways been scrupulously careful to avoid passing bevond the line of that free courtesy which our relative positions warranted. , ? She clenched her hands, and set her tooth together. ' - j ? You forget that wo are betrothed, sir!' she exclaimed, in n tone that startled him. ? - ? I do not forget,' he, however, replied, promptly, 'that some such subject was mooted when I was a boy of fourteen; but.has never since been resumed by any of the parties to it; and I may now tell you, Clarice, thai even though 'young, and perhaps n little heedless at the time, that betrothal conversation acted as a warning and a guide to rae, and have honourably and faithfully pro ceeded along the path I then deter mined to pursue. X did not love y<iu then, and nothing has since occurred to make a favourable alteration in my sentiments towards you. Nothiug now can change mo." ; . ... 'Do you mean to tell me, Adrian Boscelin. that you will trample on the act of betrothal, that you will violate your faith—your honour-—and 'retU?e to marrv me?' she asked, with an ex pression in her eyes of such malignant fury that, though he was shockod to Bee it,'he was glad it had not-escaped 'Clarice,' ho ;said, ..firmly and emphatically, ' it is time for me to be quite unreserved with you. I violate no faith—l trample on no act—l do not in any respect tarnish my; honour ? j never loved, and therefore never wooed you. You never loved mo, and therefore you bestowed your, heart to another. Clarice, it is your duty to repeat all that you have just said to me to him ?to .whom it is t truly and justly applicable—X Clarice, Grantley Fitzaustrey!' ? She staggered back, utterly be wildered and confounded, and pale as a ghost. . . . . . - T j At this moment tho voice of Lady Boscelin. was heard approaching, and though Clarice was almost paralyzed by what she beard, an idea' flashed through her brain. . i. She covered her eyes with her hand, and swayed to and fro.. ?>'?.' ' Place me on a couch, Adrian; Bhe murmered, almost inaudibly_; 1 X am, fainting.' ' , . , He saw her falling, and caught her in his arms. Ho carried her, swooning, as he believed, and laid bor upon a. couch. While yet bending over her, Lady Boscelin entered the apartment, and then Adrian, passing her, said— 'Look to Clarice, dear mother, she 18 'Beally Adrian,' exclaimed his mother, in very severe tones, 'your conduct is moat reprehensible evon— He did not heed, or even hen*, what she said, for he , fled from the room, with the air and manner of ope distracted. (To be continued.) ' 