NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Major G'linerra relates how the courtiers of tho Negus wero very irato because tho French and Italian papers spoko of him simply as ' Monet ik,' without any prefix. But the Negus calmed them by snyinc that ho was nono the less an emperor for all that, and the major explained that in Europe great sove.ragns sueli as Napoleon L. and Victor Emmanuel wen; always so designated without uny prolix to their names, and explained that tho papers intended no disrespoct whatever to liis Abyssinian majesty. Another prince, this time of tho Hohoulohe family, has determined to follow the example of Prince Max of Saxony, and devote himself to the service of the! church. Prince Philip Hohenlohe is n nephew of tho late Cardinal, and son of the late Grand Mastor at the German Imperial Court. Unlike Prince Max, liu has decided, according to the Catholic Times, to enter a religious order, and will remain among his people at tho Bunedictino Monastery at Lockau. ' What is the difference between an up-to-date young woman on a bicycle and the dog which follows here?' wns a conundrum proposed by a well-known Dean the other day. Tho reply was that the ' onci wears trousers and the other pants.' We have heard some thing vory liko this before, but in any case another conundrum may bo added, ' Who was the Dean ? ' Soino philosophers cannot endure patiently tho distracting screeching of the railway whistle. Mr. Horbort Spencer is suffering from its desolating effects. It is no secret that Mr. Sponcer is peculiarly sensitive to dis cordant noises. In fact, ho has been known to renounoo his whole philosophy of liberty in order to check tho nuisanco of cock crowing. Some years ago, during a stay in Scotland, ho was maddened by the performance of a cock that crowed inconceivably early. After a period of prolonged suffering, it occurred to him that if the early cock were tied by the legs to its perch it would ho unable to crano up for tho act of crowing. So Mr. Sponcer got up, and with his pnckethanclkorchief tied the creature firmly to its perch, and then went back to bed. Whether the cock went on crowing is not re corded, but Mr. Spencer, confident in his theory, slept. The sad part of the story is that he forgot the wretched bird until lato in the afternoon. His conscious stricken rush to the fowl house and the explanations that fol lowed, are not matters to bo dwelt upon. Major Gamerra, ono of the Italian officers who underwent eight months' imprisonment in Abyssinia, has written a book descriptive of his experiences. After graphically describing the battle, of Adowa, Major Gamerra speaks of the ' via crucis' towards Shou, and gives r.n instance of the courage shown by an artillery officer. He says : ' Among tho prisoners there was Lieu tenant Caruso, of the artillery, who was asked by Mcnelik to teach the Sheans the mode of loading cannons upon mules. But this ho positively refused to do, saying that even if the Italian general, who was among (he prisoners, should order him to do so lio would not obey. Menelik, irritated by this reply, sent back word to him, saying that at Adowa there wore neither gener»ls nor majors ; that ho, the Negus, commnndfld all, and that he advised him not to incur the anger of the emperor. To this Caruso re plied, 'Tell your Negus that he can have me shot, or can have my hands and feet cut off, but that he, will never succeed in obtaining from mo what he has asked to-day.' ' Ras Olieoneo asked Major Gamerra, ' How many gods have you 1' To this he replied, ' One.' — Then you are a Mahometan 1' — 'No, no. I am a Catholic ; Apostolic and Eoman.' — 'Thenjyou should have three gods?' — 'Ah ! you mean the Holy Trinity, Father, Son and Holy Ghost.' ' Yes, yes ; you are right, I have also three gods, whioh aro, however, only one.' — ' Very well, you are a Christian ; but tell me, is it true that tho Egyptians lmve taken Rome by assault?' — ' I laughed so much at this,' continues the narrator, ' that tho Ras, somewhnt disconcerted, desired to give mo a lesson upon religion, and nsked rue if all Italians wero Christians. Having i-oplied that thny wero nearly all Chris tians, he remarked, ' But if you are all Christians, why do you always blaspheme God, Jesus Christ and Mary?' To this demand I could find no reply, but as I did not wish to appear vanquished, I made some senti mental speech, which, however, had no common sense in it, and which I am suro the Rns could not comprehend.' Tlio sending of ' Easter eggs' as presents is a rapidly growing custom in England, and it is recorded that when the last mail left London the leading confectioners wero extremely busy at what might bo called laying eggs. In mi article in the Strand Magazine, wo read that ' all sorts of presents, from gloves and bonnots to articles of furni ture are placed in Easter eggs. The record egg, in point of sizo and costli ness, is thus described : — Seven mon are carrying it on a kind of bier. Tho sholl was ontiroly of chocolate, 9 fret high, and 18 feet in circumference at tho widest part. It held about half a ton of superfine confectionery, besides the whole expensive trousseau of a ?South African millionaire's brido. A great number of the wedding presents were also packed in thn ogg. The swoutmeat part of the order, including the elaborate external decoration, cost .£500. Tho packing of the filled ogg was a work of art, and the whole was insured for many thousands of pounds boforo being delivered on board a Castlo liner at Southampton docks.' 