ghost of the l^'WESTEKN BELLE." [Br CXRYTj CLARK,] _ 1 freely confess tayself a believer in ghosts, lor l'\o seen them. What sailor has not ? Who Could sail the seas for well nigh fifty years and fiot witness some of the strange occurrences tohich nil ety-ninc sailors out ot' every hundn d *et down as mpernatural without more ado. You see, there are the Occurrences. They are of ft nature wholly diffuient from a sailor's ^aily eiprrie nets, And (hey usually take place Under conditions Which would bo likely *o strike an educated landsman with two, so it) is no wonder that sailors havo a settled lb«?litf in iittunte 1 ship* t od phtntom skippers. 2'vo born on night watch ml theio in tho Fouth t'aeiflo when there'* been nothing to do but look pi tho stars find wl*h for wind, the hands squatting under tho il/p's »klo fust asleep for want of something better to do in a dead calm. Jf you havo fcny partiality for ghosli, these aro tho condition* fee conjuring them up at pleasure, Often I've heard a sudden creep of the water under the stern or at the bow tea swell has liftod tho •hip, that you could have sworn 1110 cry of sou.eonc in distress. Or maybe ©no of tho hands from below, unable io »!ccp, lug como softly on deck to havo a turn in the fresh air. Ho has como up before you bs an apparition just When your mind WAS on your wife orsweeth. ait ten thousand milts away, maybe. Theie aro plenty of ebests of that kind at Eea. Rut I've generally found this. That if a ship's ghost be run to berth or wherever you can fix it, you'll find flesh i ml bljod pretty well alive at tho bottom of it. ! Tho be.-t pieco of ghost business I ever had to do with was when I was •' first *' on the " Western Belle." Things had been bad in the freight trade so tb<y font us " tramping '' round about !New Zealand, Au>tralia, find the Cape The Belle was a handy little steamer of 1,800 tons and was then nnder Albert Towusliend, one of the best captains I ever sailed with. He had been dodging about South Island and ran into • Christchurch. Here. Townshend got the offer • of about half a cargo for a quick lun to Portland, Victoria, and took it as thoro was nothing else visible. Wo got tho cargo on board and started. The Belle had fair accommodation for passengers, but as we had only five in the saloon, a family of four and a single man who was crossing to a Victoria house, we had lots of room for ghosts both below and in the cabins. j* The second night after leaving Christchurch I was on duty through the middlewatch. ? The sea was like a mirror. The stars •twinkled upon it as brightly a» in the sky. I 1«raa leaning over the rail at the starboard side wondering what our next luck would be when I beard an unusual sound behind me. Turning quickly, I saw otie of the watch staggering against the poit side opposite where I stood, as if reeling from a heavy blow. »« What's up now ? " I shouted, crossing over to where tho man stood supporting himstlf • against the ship's side. fej_ I found it was one of the men named Jackson, a simple fellow they called " Crank," on . account of his oddities. " Hallo, Crank ! " I said, " What now ? " |He pointed towards the stern, where we had a irango of spare store-rooms on each side under a covered deck with a spare steering-wheel in the centre. I couldn't see the man's lace, but I • could te'.l from his movements that he was •terrified. N. " What's up, why don't you speak ? " I said again, sharply. . .• " The—the—ship's haunted, Ther—there's a ghost—1 seen it," bo stammered, pointing again to the stern. <•-<•• ^ ,., " What's the matter ? Don't be a fool. What •have you seen ? " I said peremptorily, annoyed at the man for what I thought his stupidity, jg" A face—a girl's face—a pale face," he g»sped, moving a little forward as if for protection, fr* " Don't be a fool. Crank ! , Come along and show me where it is I said, going aft. ^ He slowly followed me. Ail oil lamp that wo always had alight at night to light the spa^o about the spare wheel was burning dimly, I looked into the gloom beyond it. , There was nothing to be seen and was not a sound except the hissing of the buflbles in our wake as they rose from the propeller. . What did you see ?"" I said again to Crank as he stumbled up to me. — • !%. " A pale face—it was there, abaft the wheel; a girl's face with a shawl round it,''J Ve said in a tone that left no doubt in my msiid as to the honesty cf his declaration. -ya.** " i *' Nonsense ! You're dreaming man," I said, lifting down the; lamp and casting its beams into the stern-way. . .s^e^^f \ " No dreaming," be answered, shaking his hesd. "I'll take my solum oath, it was a girl's face, pale, and with a shawl round it." i Well, there's neither girl nor face here now," I said, " is there ?" s, " No, but I seen it," persisted Crank. " Como along forward," I Faid, " and don't scaro the ship with that lubberly yarn." • It was just a quarter to four. I was taking a last turn round the ship to see if all was right for the starboard watch which was coming on at! four o'clock. I had been forward and was 1 coming aft along tho port side. As I passed! the galley I heard tho sound of feet, andj directly after three of the watch tumbled on) top of mo. • • H " What's this ? " I said, sharply, recovering) py balance and planting my back against the! _ mae. The men had not >een me in the dark and had collided with me in their (light. They were breathless. *' Something's there aft, sir ! " said one of them pointing astern. " Where—what is it ! " I asked, alarmed at this second demonstration. " A woman's head—a ghost," answered the man. " Aye ! A girl's head—a face white like death," chimed in another of the men. " Hero ! We must put an end to this," I said. " Come along men. Show me where you saw it," I said, leading the way aft again. We proceeded to the space at the end of the dcck. The lamp was still burning. " Now, where did you see it ? " I asked, throwing the light into the depth of the covered space b< yond the wheel. " There—there ! " replied two of them, pointing to a spot immediately abaft the wheel. " Go and get a fresh light, " 1 said to one of the men. We examined every nook and rope, and round in the bend ot the stern, but not as much as a rat was to be seen in form of a living thing except ourselves. Tho mau came back with a newly-trimmed lamp. " Open each of these doors," I said, pointing to the store-rooms at the port side. The first door was unlocked and opened readily. I cast the bright light of the lamp around. Point-drums and spare ropes were the only things visible. We passed to the next room. This too, contained old ropes and deck-stores. The next rcotn door was loc ked, so we crossed ovi r to the starboard tide, where there were three more rooms corresponding to those we Lad just left. Two of these w< re locked, so we passed them. The third we found to contain old boxes and timber without a trace cf any living thing. Four bells rang out. " Come on," I said to the men as I heard the hail from the starboard watch. " And djn't you fellows go and make fools of yourselv. s in the foeas'l over this.'' We went forward and the starboard wnt« came on. Captain Townshend was coming out of his room as I uassed. " Good morning, Mr. Brindley ! Anyone fresh ?" he said. ' " Yes, host reported on board," 1 said, laughing. " Good heavens ! What's up, Brindley f' he asked, startled. I told him the story, and of how we had exaroined all of the dcck-rooms at the stern we could get into, and had found nothing I saw by the light of the lamp that his brows were kn.t, and a cloud bad come over his face " A bad job that. We'll do no more good with the men if we don't clear it up," ho said HS be loft mo and passed aft. Nothing more was seen of the ghost that night. The story was known to every hand on the ship before daybreak. It was pitiful to seo the effect it had on the men. They went about tl eir work with terror on their faces, cringing at every sound. I had thought of having the whole of the deck-rooms rummaged during tho day, but the change that had come over the men was so great that Captain Townshend agreed with mo that it would be best not to go near them or name them unless something further were seen. The next night the Captain asked me to keep a sharp look out for anything strange, and to call him immediately if anything happened while he was not about. The Bello was steered from the bridge, so that after the passengers had turned in there was little occasion for the men to go aft while the weather kept fiue. The boatswain, the lamp-trimmer, and myself were about the only ones who troubled that part of the ship with their presence during the middle watch. At half-past three I thought I would take a fluiet turn round the deck, astern. Except for the throb of the eugines, the occasional scrape of the shovels in the fire-hole,and the hissing of tho bubbles in our wake, all was still. I walked noiselessly by the deck- houses, k;eping as well in the shadow of them as I could. Bv the end of the captain's room I stopped and looked. he lamp under the after-deck was burning and I could see the dim outline of the sparewheel. I stood and watched intently. I was about to resume my walk when a movement of some object beyond the wheel ri vetted my attention. Slowly and noiselessly there emerged out of the gloom a form at first indistinct but gradually assuming shape. In a moment it changed its position,and a face, pale in the dim light of the oil lamp, was turned towards me. I clutchcd at the frame of the deck-house,for my heart seemed to have stopped beating. The figure was moving about the stern beyond the wheel. There was only a head and shoulders visible, all but the face being swathed in somo light-coloured fabric, as Crank Jackson had affirmed the previous night. The face again turned towards me. I was confident it was that of a girl though what it meant was a mystery. Ge ntly opening the door of tho captain's room,. I aroused him and told him that I had teen tho apparition. He roso immediately and came on deck, The faco and form had disappeared. "There's something in it, Captain," I said, as I saw bis look of astonishment. " Let us get the keys of the rooms that are locked, and make a thorough examination at once. I Lave an idea we shall discover something worth finding." 4 4 Get them, and bring the purser along with you. ~ It's mostly his stuff which is in tbeso roums," said Captain Townshend. I found tho purser,and obtained the keys and a couple of good lights. We joined the Captain and went quietly aft. , Wo examined tho three rooms on tho port side, and then crossed to the end room on thd starboard side. We found that the door WaJ unlocked, but would not open. Applying oul shoulders to it and giving a heavy push it at last yielded. I entorod with a light, tho Cajy tain and the purser following. The room had been used for tho storage o! our sparo sails, and contained several sails ati<2 pieces of sail-cloth, some folded up and somo thrown down loosely. There was no one Lu'- ourselves visible in it. " There's nothing hero," exulaimcd the purser, casting his light around. Wo were about to leave and pass to the NPX j . room when Captain Townshend and I simul taneously observed a movement of whal seomeel to be a roll of sailcloth projecting from beneath an unfolded sail. ,, " What's that ?" he exclaimed. I crawled across the sails to where tho r»h lay and touched it. The feel was that of s. human body. Throwing back the loose sail, I-. uncovered what was beneath. There lay the form of a girl with a picce of sailcloth closely .wrapped around her. We lifted her up and took her outside. Shcj 'began to cry bitterly and besought us to havo pity on her and not harm her. We mansgeel It) pacify her, and then, still sobbing, sho told us hei story. She had come out from England as a doaiestic servant and had' not found life New Zealand what she had expected. Her money was almost gone and she had neither friends nor prospccts. Sauutering along th« quay she had learned that the "Western Belle" was on tho point of sailing for Victoria. She', had gone on board and made some inquiries and had noticed that the deck-rooms were only part filled with stores. She had gone ashore* again and obtained a small stock of provisions, and then returning and waiting her opportunity she had boarded the steamer and stowed her- Eelf away in the sail-room, intending to remain unobserved during the voyage.. The closeness of the room, and the vibration of the propeller beneath her, had brought on sickness, and during the two nights on which her pale face was seen she had stolen quietly out to obtain a little fresh air. 1 Our lady passenger took tho girl in charge, and on reaching Portland induced her to remain :in her service. The captain was too glad at having satisfactorily disposoel of the ghost to be angry with the stowaway. Had he not solved the mystery, the crew would have deserted to a mau on touching port, for no sailor stays on a haunted ship if he knows it. 