Entertainment at Doma Mungi. A conçert and ball was held at Doma Mqngi on Thursday evening last, New Year's Eve, to provide a fitting celebration for the death of the old year, and a joyous greeting for 1897\. The function was conducted under the auspices of the committee of management of the Dotna Mungi Recreation Hall. It was freely admitted by all present, that it was one of the most enjoyable affairs yet held in the hall since its opening. The success of 1 he ball must prove a source of great gratification to those who were most closely identified with the managerial work of Thursday evening's entertainment. There were upwards of 30 couples assembled, on merriment bent. The music in connection with the daqcing part of the programme was supplied jointly by Mr Quinn and Miss O'Brien; and for the vocal section Miss O'Brien acted most efficiently in the capacity of accompanist. The vocal numbers rendered were rather limited; but were none the less highly appreciated by the audience. The first item on the programme was an overture which was artistically played by Mr Quinn, and enthusiastically received. Mr M. Cosgrave was the first singer to ifavor the assemblage, and did so by rendering in capital style, that quaint little serio-comic song entitled, "Ah, Ah." Miss O'Brien was heard to advantage in the rendition of the delightful song, "The Carnival.' 1 Mr Jack Wenke was the next on the list, and highly amused the audience by singing " She was a Stranger in London." Mr Cosgrave, içi response to a second invitation, sang with much taste, u Swinging on the Grape . Vine Swing"—a song which won for him well-merited applause. Mr Jack Wenke was prevailed upon to favor the company again, and did so by rendering a comic song, entitled, "Can't Stop, Can't Stop," which greatly amused all, especially the ladies. ÇÇe was favored with an encore, ijj response to which, he gave 4 that fine descriptive numbçr, The Difference Between. East and West," which was highly appreciated. This brought the vocal part of the programme to a close. The time having arrived, within a minute or two, when 1896 was to give yp the ghost, at the happy suggestion, of Mr Purser; .all the company joined hands and sang in true spirit, " Auld Lang Syne," and the New Year was ushered in amid the joyous greetings of some 60 hnppy voices, while wishes for a " Bright and. flappy New Year" were exchanged on all sides. After ample justice had been done to the refreshments lavi.sh.ly provided, the votaries of Terpsichore took possession of the floor and dancing was indulged in until 3.30 a.m., when, with many feelings, of. regret for the too early termination of a most enjoyable dance, the company dispersed. Where all looked so freshly happy—in fact, it may be said—rbevritçhingly beautiful, it would be invidious to particularize ; so that the question of the " Belle of the Ball" must remain in abeyance until "Lord Byron," our new bard, tunes his festive lyre. The energetic secretary, Mr H. Plate, is undoubtedly entitled to the best thanks of all, for the indefatigable manner in whiçh he worked to make the function so enjoyably successful. Following is a. brief description of the costumes worn tyr the ladies Mra. Findlay—Pale pink muslin and lace. Mrs. Bagley—Jllack genadine and laoe. Mrs. Bibboy- Black lustre and jets. Mrs. Çoad—Sajqion pink, trimmed with lace. Mrs,. Gable—Crente crepon, with lace trimmipgs, and pale blue ribbons.. Mrs. Lemaine—White muslin. Mrs. Plate—Creme cashmere, and chiffon trimmings. Miss Curtain.—Creme costume. Miss Findlay—pink veiling, trimmed with blaok chiffon. Miss Ghiggioli—Fawn lustre, with pale blue surah &n;,d sequin, trimmings. Miss Stubbs—Grass lawn; with trimmings of chiffon and ribbon. Miss Greives—Creme hail spot, and lace. Miss O'Brien—Pale blue zephyr, and white vale lace. Mi88 Mary Findlay—White, muslin. Miss Kearon—Creme muslin. Miss Cooper—White costume. Miss Heyfron—Pale pink, and lace trimmings. Miss Maddern—Pale blue muslin. Miss Costin—White muslin, and lace. Miss Lens Costin—White muslin, and lace. • woman's corset, worn with only the average degree of tightness, exerts a pressure of forty pounds on the organs of compresses. Sussex is moie thickly wooded than any other country. It contains 983,269 acre*, and according- to the latest statistical returns of the Board of Trade, the correct quantity of woodland is 114,375 'acres or 12.2 per cent, of the total average. 