THE YOUt. LOG. Punch feels much inclined to go into mourning for Coroner Youl, whose death last Friday came as a surprise to those who only knew him through the newspaper reports of his little verbal eccentricities. George Town, Tasmania, where the late Doctor was born, is a miserable little one-horse drowsy township near the mouth of the Tamar, visited occasionally by a noisy steamer from Launceston, and containing a number of ancient greybeards all apparently a great deal older than any self-respecting mortal has any right to be. Once a visitor informed one of these human antiques that Youl, of Melbourne, was a George Town native. " Indeed," was the reply, "and what is he ?" " Oh, he is the City Coroner." " A coroner, eh ? Well, he was wise to leave George Town—nobody ever dies here." The old fellow might have added: "Nobody ever lives here either—they only germinate." * * # # Dr Youl was fond of joking about death; he laughed in the face of the destroyer and metaphoncally dug him in the ribs. He once said to T ] TJ n ndS at c ? l 1 " b: " To da y 1 ^t upon my twelfth-thousand. " Twelve thousand !•" was the reply; " what any army! Have you ever thought how you will behave on meeting this great crowd m the hereafter, Doctor ?" '• Well, yes, I have often thought of trying to collect my fees for ' medical attendance.'" * * # * Sometimes the joke was against the Coroner On one occasion a city M.D., who was supposed to envy Dr Youl lus billet, was present, when, in the midst of a conversation in which his name occurred the Coroner jocularly said: " What fools the people are to trust themselves in the hands of you fellows. « Well, they show wisdom in one respect, replied the afore-mentioned M D "and that is in not trusting themselves in your'hands until they are already dead." \- * The Doctor's opinions re the qualification of the modern mother as a rearer of infants were, well known. Once the writer heard him say respecting a woman who had killed her child with overfeeding and coarse food: " Eomulus and Remus were reared by a she-wolf! Pooh! It would have been much more remarkable had they been reared by a woman like this." * * « • He was much concerned about the safety of sailors, because of the wretched gangways u ed as a communication between.ships and the wharf, and was instrumental in having better gangways provided and nets spread underneath. Before these provisions were made, sailors returning to their ships at night drunk—(" And nobody expects a good sailor to return in any other condition." said the Coroner)—frequently fell from the gang ways and were drowned. •* St. Jacob's ladders," Dr. Youl called the old gangways. One day a reporter asked him why. "Because they lead straight # to heaven, # young man," * was the # reply. "The deceased had sevenpence in coppers m his pocket when brought to the morgue," said a police witness on a suicide case. " Dear me," cried the Dr., " do you know I believe there is some fatality about Bevenpence in coppers ? Half the people who commit suicide, it seems to me, have sevenpence in coppers in their pockets. I would as soon go about with a nitro-glycerine bomb in my pocket as sevenpence in coppers." The quaint old Doctor, like the gravedigger in " Hamlet," maintained a pretty wit amidst his morbid surroundings. His reminiscences went back half-a century, and his memo randa of incidents would fill an entertaining volume. One letter received by him from a man who shot himself in a railway carriage on the Brighton line some years ago was often exhibited to the Coroner's friends, and is good enough to be published as a contribution to the book of the "Morgue Musings " or " Dead-house Delights," that may yet be issued as a monument to the Dr's. reputation. The epistle reads thus— " To Dr. Youl, City Coroner, >< HIT t. ^ " The Morgue. ' My Dear Doctor,-Whilst still in the flesh, and ere its soul takes its flight from that ^ V? n ® menfc of cla^ the body, allow me, with jill due respect to the serious functions of your Tngh and important office, to tender you my heartiest congratulations on the business-like and consistent manner in which you have for a considerable time carried out the onerous duties of Coroner to the City of Melbourne. As you are aware, I have not the pleasure of your acquaintance, and, in anticipation, I cannot but regret the fact that when we meet I shall have to occupy such an unconscious position at the interview, besides having to suffer, without opposition, the indignity of being 'sat on.' However, dear Doctor, I feel assured that you and the respectable company who may assist in the ceremony of enquiry will do so with becoming respect and decorum if not for my own memory's sake, at all events for the sake of those who have the misfortune to be connected with me by ties o* blood. The question has been raised, "Is life worth living?' 'Well,' as the Yankee says, it all depends. Speaking personally, I must sav in many respects I have found this 'a jolly old world and if I have had a goodly share of bad hack I have als > had a fair share of its pleasures. Therefore, I think that I and this ancient planet may cry 'quits!' I dare say, dear Doctor, you tod life on the whole pretty jolly. It is justpossible that it 1 possessed your ability and the good fat screw attached to your office, I would not be in such a hurry to leave this sphere. However, we cannot all be city Coroners, and even you, dear Doctor must at times encounter vexations. Iu conclusion let me express the hope that your remaining years may be characterised with an abundance of tho joys of life, and few of its ills, and that when youi time for disunion arrives it may be at a period oi contented old age, unattended by violence and in the orthodox manner, thus avoiding the necessity and unenviable not Driety of being ' sat upon.' li, prospect of an early meeting, I remain, with du. respect, yours. In Carne." "Of course," the Coroner used to comment oi this, " I had to direct the jury to return a verdi. > of ' unsound mind.' All the same, my friend wn* sane enough. I could not, however, condemn such a well-wisher to the idiotically foolish funeral bestowed on the/elo de se. It would be • joke, eh, if an inquest had to be held on me at th" finish i" Just about ten days before his death Coroner Youl attended a meeting of the Police Medici Board. He had to be supported to and from hi - cab, and remarked to the constable assistin g him, " This is the end. I won't be at another meeting, though I'll try to keep an interest up j, the Board hereafter." Then he chuckled face twitched like Caleb Nero Porter's, and entered his cab murmuring, " Yes, yes, the end ir coming." His presentiment was too soon f u j! filled. Coroner Youl's shade, making a tour throui.) the "Inferno" « la Dante, would receive ! tremendous welcome in the suicide and sudd 4 death departments. Just sit down and tiv t imagine it-a chorus of 12,000 mutilated ghost*" The late Dr. Youl was seldom nonplussed hut on one occasion at the morgue had to admit hi n , self outwitted. A half-seas- over juryman was tl> other actor in the by-play. While the Doctor was speaking the convivial juror interjected " Thas! tommy-hic .'—rot." " Sir," quoth the Doctor " if you come here as a juryman you mu.t behavo yourself J" " Come here," cried the toper indie-' nantly ; " 1 didn't come, I was bally well draaWd here by your blankity, blank, blank blfnt orderly." After that the Doctor gave him best Coroner Youl was often playfully sarcastic \t the expense of his own profession. " We've had i slack time lately, sir," remarked his orderly n> Mm one day "Humph humph, yes," said the Dr. reflectively, and with a twinkle in his ova "You see, Davidson, there's a medical c<mm-t<* going on m New Zealand, and most of the doctors are away!" 