IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT, -By the Popular Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. Published by special arrangement with esssrs. Ward, Lock c Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGTh RESEIRVEB.] CHAPTER VI. TiE CAGA rW. That'first night in the haunted chamber was not so romantic in its incidents as the second one, and yet it was far from being commonplace. The occupants found it impossible to feel at home in such sur roundings. They fidgetted through the long six hours, listening, watching, talk ing, dozing in brief snatches, waking on the threshold of dreams to cry, "Phew, .howi hot it is !" and disturb each other by asking whether he or she was asleep or not. And the mice were di tracting But for the testimony of universal experi ence, it would have been hard to believe they were mice, rushing and raging over the floor, and scratching and squealing be hind the wainscot in that rampageous manner. The present auditors had no doubt about it-blessed them in chce I si_- slanguage without feeling any necessity o I light the caudle. Perhapa it was- 'familiar domestic associations of tha noise whichlulled theminto theirfirstsleep,when their ears had become accustomed to the noise itself. At any rate, they slept. It seemed to themselves that they had been off guard for about five minutes, when first Nettie, and then her husband, awoke to a sensa tion of something having happened during their absence. There was a suedued creak ing, as when one tries to open a door or window without being hoard-a little crack ing noise, then silence, then another crack. "There's someone in the room," waispered oettie, her dry tongue cleaving to the roof of her mouth. " Hush-sh-sh!" breathed Wingate in her ear, and he drew himself up softly into a sitting posture. The moon was obscured at this moment, and from their bed by the fireplace, nearer to the door than the' window, they could see nothing distinctly. Again they heard the creaking noise-a noise that certainly had not disturbed them before they went to sleep-and Win gate cautiously felt for the matches. He was not alarmed, but he trembled with the effort he made not to betray himself by any untimely m6oement. Ho managed Sto seourethe match-box without rattling it, against the candlestick, and to open ahd close it without a tinkle; then he sat np in bted with a match in his hand, ready to strike the instant he heard the sound again. After long suspense it wnas: re-. peated, and, with his strainin~r Ies fixed upon the door whence he believed it to come, he dashed' tlb ii~tch upon the box, expecting to reveal the form of Geraldine Desailly or an accomplice in the act of creeping ii& th' room. But he dashed with too much vigour; the match.h'ead SSaispted withhbt exploding, and fell off upon the sheet. He did not swear, asche felt inclined to do, but listened for a "iiid~ ent eagerlj. Again there was the creaking sound, not so loud this time, but cohtinued for several seconds instead of for one. He seized another match, struck it successfully, and held the little flame high, rising on one knee as he did so, and he saw that the door was closed and the room unchanged. He then lit the candle and got out of bed to explore more thoroughly, Nettle following close behind hinm; but the strictest search discovered hdthibg. The bit of paper was still over the outside keyhole, untouched; the pas sage doors were shut and fastened; the passage and the little staircase were empty alid silent; the haunted room revealed no sigp of any human presence, save their owin. "It must have been the mice," said Wtigate, as he locked their own door afresh; and he bade his wife go back to bed. " It was not a bit like mice," she objected timidly. " Well, there's nobody about, at any , te." So they returned to their pillows, and, listening for a, long time, heard no more 'nbises except such as mice ordinarily make in their nibblings at dry woodwork and their scamperings to and fro. Rain began to patter down again, and to tinkle upon -the window. "Perhaps it was the rain," said Win gate. "Perhaps," suggested Nettie, hopefully, "it was the furniture creaking after being moved and pulled about. I had a wicker chair in my bedroom once that used to make noises the whole night if I had been sitting in it before I went to bed." "Oh, very likely. I daresay that was it." Wingate turned over to go to sleep. His wife, less satisfied, lay awake for s some time longer, and then she, too, dozed gain; but she had troubled dreams of ghosts and burglars that startled her into sudden recognition of the white moonlight and black shadows of the haunted room at ,ery short intervals. On one of these occasions she crept up to Billy, and whise iered his name into his ear. He was slumbering lightly, but in a moment checked his audible breathing and brought all his senses to 'attention. There was a noise in the air again, but not the same noise as before. It was a sort of pulsation, half a sigh and half a snore, rising and falling gently and evenly, like the heavy breathing of some sleeping animal, and it seemea to come from under the floor. "If we were in the bush," said Wingate, "I should say it was an opossum. It is exactly like the noise they make in the trees at niljht, just outside your window. oF':: v an English equivalent for an O?.,btha, " or a squirrel out of the woods." They were both sure that it was not man, woman, or ghost; so Wingate picked up one of his boots and flung it noisily across the floor, crying, " Shoo !" loudly as he did so. Instantly the noise stopped, there was the sound of a stealthy, creeping move ment, and all was still. "A squirrel," said Wingate again. "An old place like this, deserted for so long, and standing in the middle of these lonely woods, must be alive with creatures mak ing a shelter of it. No wonder there are noises." Then they went to sleep for the last time, and awoke in daylight, safe and sound, satisfied with the issue of their ad venture. Nettie dressed provisionally, put a tin kettle to boil on a spirit stove, and made tea, first for her husbaud and herself, and th-n for the two men who had spent the night on the hard boards of the summer house, and whom Wingate went in search of as soon as he had hurried on his clothes. "Well, you fellows," he said airily, "now that you have the light of day to reassure you, perhaps you'll come into the house for a little refreshment. Mrs Wingate is brewing you a cup of tea; she thinks you'll be wanting something after all you have gone through. We have been as comfortable and snug as possible." "Slept well, sir?" inquired Abel Rowe, as he and his companion walked stiffly to wards the house, having returned respect ful greetings and tendered thanks for the ladv's kindness. "Never better," replied Wingate. "You didn't keep awake to watch- ?" "Of course I did. When I say I slept well,.I mean that everything was quiet' The mice made a bit of a rumpus, that's all?' "( nd yboiilady wasn't frightened, sir ?" "?Not a bit. She isn't one of that sort. Besides, there was nothing to frighten anybody." Then he fetched his wife dowst:airs, taking the precaution to lock their chi?ubor door behind them, becauso she was le:Iiong silver toilet things and other valu:bled about; and she looked very fresal and charming to the tired men as she stepp d into the hall, carrying her tea.basker in her arms. They saluted her with a shamei faced sense of her moral superiority over themselves. I should like," said Wingate emptying the remaining contents of his spirit Ilsk into the men's teacups, "to thoroughly satisfy your minds as well as my o, to prove to everybody that the house is free of ghosts, at any rate. It is jnstpossible that I may rent the plane from Sir W?lter for a time, and I am well aware that we shall have trouble with servants, nd so on, if any nonsense of that sort get abOuit. I suppose yon won't object to sleeping with us here to-night, new that a lady has nct been afraid to do it, with only one arm to defend her F' The men pocketed the insult implied, and professed themselves ready to spend nights or days wherever duty called them. If the gentleman and Mr Blackett thought it better to guard the house from tile in side than from the outside, well and good. They were ther to obey orders. " T'hen I'll see Mr Blackett in the course of the day, and let you know the arrange ments later. You can leave the keys with me; I will lock up safely." They left him the keys and departed to their homes and breakfasts. Then Win gate and Nettie enjoyed some hours of perfect independence and delight; feeding ar. wterto· g their horses, roa?ni.. abrout the neglected grounds, where they f4und fresh footprints-unmistakable woman's footprints-amongst the masks of men's boots in the moist earth, pointing as' un mistakably to the rector's sleep-walker; wandering over the extraordinary house, and rummaging its many nooks and corners, its cupboards and cabinets; its wonderful relics of the romantic past; until they felt so hungry that they dbter mined not to waste time going houme to luncheon, but to make shift with the scraps of the provision basket. They camped again in the great hall, sitting on their carriage cushions 'and spreading a clean towel before them on the stone floor. It reminded them, hey said, of many a pionic in the beloved bush at home, though it would have been herd to imagine a greater contrast. They lifted baggy napkins and spread them dpen, disclosing curly- cornered sandwinbhes, crumpledI pasties, dry hunks of bread and oaeese, with fragments of other dainties similarly the worse for wear. Only that Billy enjoyed the continiuil feast of a con tented mind, Nettie would have expected remarks on her housekeeping; but he was satisfied to eat whatever she gave him, and only grumbled because there was not enough to drink " I will make some tea," she said. " I've got a screws left." But he said he wanted something better thani tea, and retrospectively begrudged the whisky he had wasted over-night. So she remembered that she had a nmelicinal flask in her, dressing-bag upstairs, and offered to go and fetch it. "I'll go," cried Wingate, springing to his feet. " You couldn't unlock the door with those bits of hands." And he tramped towards the staircase at the end of the hall, and pounded up the shallow oak steps to the gallery above and the western passage le:ading out of it, singing as he went, filling the house with hollow noises. When he returned, he was holding a silver mounted bottle between his eye and the light, laughing discontentedly. "Well, you're a nice sort of young person !" he exclaimed. " Am I ?' she replied. "And why ?" " Tippling on the quiet in this way, and all the time pretending to your husband that the smell of spirits makes you sick." " So it does. WThat are you talking about?" "This flask's empty." " It isn't. Its hrimfunl. T haven't touched it since you filled it for me in London." Wingate solemnly turned it upside-down before her , yes. One drop only splashed upon the pavement. " Then some one has been at it." " Since when ? " "I don't know. I have never taken it out of its pocket since we left town." " The stopper was hardly screwed on at all." "Oh dear ! I hope it hasn't been leaking into the bag." "No, I looked to see. The bag is all right. But don't you keep it lo'ked when you're going about in strange places? You ought. All those fittings are solid, you know." "I will in future," said Nettie. " But t's a nuisance. I do hate not to be able to trust people " "So do I," said Wingate. And they silently suspected a number of honest persons, while Nettie strove to pacify the disappointed one with a cup of tea. It did not pacify him, so they put the horses to the buggy and returned to the Desailly Arms, where he drank a whole bottle of beer and was himself again. Then Nettie, bathed and brushed, with stays off and an empire tea-gown on, spent a pleasant afternoon with a novel. Wiu gate, meanwhile, went to see Mr Blackett, Mr Martin, the housekeeper at the Dower House, and his late colleague the constable, to arrange the programme for the night. Time was required for the doing of so much business, and Mrs Venn was ready to dish up dinner when he returned with his report. " It's all right," he said. " Walter is hurrying home, but he can't get here till late to-night; I don't suppose we shall see him till the morning. He has telegraphed to Blackett that I am to have a free hand. Dear old fellow ! I am thankful he knows it wasn't me, at last. It will be strange to see him after twenty years, and to see him under these strange circumstances. He is leaving the boy behind-!'m glad of that; it would have been diitlcuit to talk of his mother before him, and he might have u\eorge, nom'ne seem,-lna .with Mra regard as a persecuted angel, moe sur, to By the way, I've done a good mcrino c getting him to join our watch to-night. eu's awfully interested in the business, and burning to help-feels, of course, that t,'s a pnrilsh matter in which he is primarily concerned. But I told him to be sure and not breathe aword to the lady. I said the nero suggegaion of burglars and ghosts, of anything being the matter, would be most injurious to her in her nervous state. She's not sleeping any better, he says, but still refuses to see a doctor or to have any one in her room. His being away to-night will give her scope for enterprise; we shall be able to find her out now, if we are very careful. I don't mean to let anybody watch in the garden, to scare her oil; I'll give her a ch:snce to do whatever she wants to do." "Blow ua up with dynamite ?" cried Nettie. "Oh, it isn't dynamite," he rejoined confidentially. "Thero'd be no sense in that. It's something that doesn't want to make a noise to attract public attention And" - with an exult;nt look-" old Walter will be hero to-night." An unusually hearty dinner and an in poratively necessary cigar took another hour from the daylight, and by the time Mrs Veun had replenished the picnic. basket, and been mercifully made ac. quainted with a part of the truth as to the business connected with it, Winga e found himself late for his appointment with the rector at The Chase. But the horses were fresh and fast, and the way was short to. nigh'. A groom was in attendance to drive them back to the comfortable inn stables, for it was not supposed to be any longer necessary to keep the means of cec.spe at hand; and husband and wife yawned luxuriously in anticipation of the quiet night they were going to have. Their nerves were entirely unaffected by its shadowy approach. It was delightful to hear the owl hoot, and the stag, with his fighting antlers ready, challenge his rival across a glimmering pool. The mystery of the thick woods to right and left had no terrors in it; and the old house, when again it loomed above them, was even as the Melbourno Town Hall to their placid ienaginations. They found Mr Martin kicking his heels in the porch, and took him in and enter tained him, as if the place belonged to them; made him smoke and drink, and eat delicacies provided on purpose for him out of the basket, and join in pleasant talk and the telling of adventurous tales; and Wingate fed Abel and the constable with equal hospitality, after the manner of Australian hosts. Then, in good heart and condition, they mounted the grand staircase in a body and dispersed them selves to their respective posts. The rector was put into what used to be Walter's dressing-room, the two men had shake downs on the passage floor, just outside the door of the large chamber that had bqen Lexie's, which Wingate and Nettie had apropriated. And now this pair felt that the time had come to relax and recruit themselves after their exhausting day. Wingate sank into an arm-chair, in slippers and shirt-sleeves, and lit his pipe. Nettle squatted on the bed, and brushed her hair, and yawned contentedly. And they amused themselves with plans for renting The Chase-which now seemed altogether desirable - and discussed furniture and domestic arrange mrents, and how they would have a real inglish Christmas in the great hail, and invite all available Australians of their acquaintance to come to it. " Oh, I oam .o tirodi" to >..,.' - "-^io n t last. " So am I," said Wingate, getting up to stretch himself. "It's the reaction after so much excitement. Well, we can sleep in peace to-night." She tumbled into bed, and the heavy lids dropped over her sleepy eyes. He for the last time stepped t' the now unlocked door, and, opening it for an inch or two, asked if they wero "all right out there ?" " All right," the three men responded promptly. " Good-night, then. Call me if any thing is the matter, but don't make more noise than you can help. Mrs Wingate is tired, and I don't want her to be dis turbed." They bade him good-night, and he ex tinguished the cundles on the dressing table. In ten minutes he and his wife were slumbering like a pair of healthy infants. They could not have " gone off" more quickly and soundly if they had taken opiates for the purpose. Nevertheless, Nettie awoke in an hour suddenly, with an unaccountable sense of shock. Before she was able to think about it, before she opened her eyes indsed, she knew she was not being roused naturally, but had been frightened awake by some power of which her physical senses were not as yet conscious. It was with a heart shaking thrill that she reembemered where she was-the tragical haunted room, and the pale moonleams that only mada it more so-and at the sa:ne moment realised that she had been compelled to remember it. While far away in dreamland, fancy free, something- something awful-had called her back; she had no doubt about it, even while she did not know what it was, hear ing and seeing nothing. Her husband calmly snored beside her, with his head rolled in the bedclothes; he had not felt the presence in the air and she was powerless to lift hand or voice to stir him. Opening her eyes-every other muscle of the body being paralysed with fright she looked into the darkness straight be fore her, as with an instinct for the quar ter whence revelation would come. There was nothing at the foot of the great bed stead, no footboard or rail, to obstruct her view, but the moonlight was not strong enough to show her the features of the room immediately. Gradually, however, the main outlines faintly defined them selves-the division of wall from ceiling and of panel from panel-until she could see the shape of the recess in which the picture that faced her was embedded. While her fascinated gaze was riveted to this object, she saw a strange effect of broken lights, or rather of broken shadows, quivering on and off its surface, which still shone with old varnish; the next in stant the picture was gone! Not alto gether gone, but, as it were, cut in two the fact being that it had been pushed up in a groove, as one pushes up the sash of a window, leaving thelower half of the space void. But not empty. Nettie knew now what it was that had chilled her blood even while she slept. Peering out from the black hole were a pair of eyes --there was a head belonging to them, but the eyes were all she saw-shining fixedly, like those of a hungry wild beast watching the time to spring; and it was at her they glared, with more and more-ferocious intentness as the power of the moon increased, while she lay like a terror-stricken rabbit in the cage of a boa-constrictor, unable to articulate even the little whisper that would have sufficed to arouse her mate. She knew the eyes belonged to a man and not to a ghost, and felt sure that she and Billy were going to be murdered like poor Lexie, as a penalty for meddling with that ghastly house, and that she would only precipitate the catas trophe if she spoke or moved. The eyes and hers confronted each other during a dozen hammer- strokes of her bursting heart; then a iand became visible, cautiously extended; a head followed, oraning to right and left; a naked foot stole out of the picture frame, and groped stealthily for the floor. When she saw that, Nettie concluded that the end had come. The spell that had paralysed her faculties seemed to snap and free her, and she uttered a ringing shriek which was an swered by an oath from the mysterious in truder, who had not seen that she was watching him. The sound had not died before Wingato was out of bed, the rector, Abel Rowe, and the constable, stumbling to their feet, be wldnro,- nnl " nurlcinP. fill at sea fur thh m•oment as to iallt fal useus:.l. Thien the occupants of the haunted chamber ?eard& bar feet slapping tha floor, the crash of a chair overturned, the thump of a body against the door, the rattle of the handle; and Wingate bawled excitedly, " Look out there ! Stop him ! Stop him !" And then to the constable, who had the revolver, " Don't shoot i Don't shoot ! He can't get out!" Even as he spoke the door was flung open, and the fugitive was seen running down the passage, where a lighted stable lantern had been placed for the night. Two of the guard, in the condition known as flabbergasted, looked as if they had been knocked backwards and breathless by the flying figure, and were not yet certain if it were flesh and blood or ghost; but the expresion of the rector's face as he darted out of his room was even more astonished and astonishing. All three set off in pur suit as fast as their legs could carry them ; and a strange sound it was in the dead of night- the echo, reverberating far and wide, of that hurry-skurry through the hollow house, along the gallery, andt down the stairs, where the moon made darkness visible. Becxuse Nettie held him back, praying not to be left alone with that hole in the wall and its terrifying possibilities, Win gate did not go for a minute or two, but he spent that minute in helpinr her into her dressing.gown, and thenrthey followed the chase together. A man in his pyjama suit is already dressed for such emer gencies. The scuffle was over when they appeared upon the scene of action, but a dramatic picture met their eyes as they came into the gallery at the head of the grand stair case, and looked down into the hall. 'Tho moon and the stable lantern that Wingate held above his head just, and only just, revealed the size and sombre splendours of the place; the policeman's bull's-eye did the rest. Itwas opened upon the face of the central figure of the group gathered it the middle of the paved floor, and that face was the only thing distinct in the vast obscurity. The three men round it were shedows only. One shadow poured wine from a bottle into a cup, another flitted about with the provision basket; the third presented something to the Rem brandt face, and it opened unshaven jawe and snatched it wolfishly. "Why, who the dickens is that?" ex claimed Wingate. " It's all right, Mr Wingate," the rector called to him. " It's Mlr George Desailly. He was locked in by accident on the day of the coming of age, he says, and could not get out." "And he's clean starved," cried Abel Rowe. " Theor's nothing at all where his stomach ought to be." " IHe hasn't been without food for a fort night," Wingate whispered to Nettie, as they ran down the stairs together. " And he could have got out at least three days ago, if he had liked." "Look!" she said breathlessly, and pointed to one of the great hail windows. With the moon behind it a figure was dimly visible; a swing of the stable lan tern showed a pair of peering eyes and a white nose flattened upon the class. "Mr Martin," said Wingate, " your guest is walking in her sleep again. She is on the terrace there. Go out very quietly so as not to startle her, which is bad for sleep-walkers, and bring her into shelter, will you? Perhaps she is awake, and looking for her lost husband ; if so, you can tell her we have found him." Full of concern for his interesting in valid, the recter bustled towards one of the from the hall to the vestibule and porch. Wingate hurried after him and threw open a leaf of the heavy outer doors. The fresh night came pouring in, and with it the sound of wheels and horses approaching rapidly, not over the grass but along another road reserve I for car riages, entered at a gate near the gate of the Dower House. The master had arrived. ('Po be ('nim nen..d 