THE NOVELIST THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. By Harold M. Mackenzie [COPYRIGHT RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI. (Continued). He knew Miss Borthwick and Muretl to be fast friends, but whether he could make a confidante of the former he was not anxious to try. So making some re- mark as to the next dance beginning, led her into the ball- room again. After what Eric had heard, he felt there and then an inclination to seek the open air; to get anywhere from this gay laughing crowd, which was whirling be- fore him. The music seemed to shout at him like some mocking thing; the faces, flowers, and everything, in fact, that gave life to the scene, only seemed the more to add to his misery. To leave for Timboora at once was. the first thought that occurred to him, but this he felt might bring him into notice. No, he would, at least, remain till the morning and then make up his mind. As these reflections were coursing swiftly through his mind, he caught sight of Miss Manton. "Are you dancing this ?" he said, hur- riedly. "No, but what on earth has made you look so pale, have you seen a ghost 1" Without a word, he gave her his arm, and led her far away to the corner of an apartment which had been tastefully de corated with flowers. "Here we can talk in peace," lie said. "My worst apprelensions are fulfilled if Miss Borthwick's statement proves true. Everything has been in vain." " Well, tell me quickly," exclaimed Miss Msant6n, "'It's too horrible to think of. Muriel Grey is to marry anothei. God help the cursed woman who penned that letter." His voice became thick as'he uttered the words, and Miss Manton seeing his emotion gently placed her hand on Ilis sleeve saying, " Do'not believe all till you have suchproof as may convince you. Much as I believe Miss Borthwick to be a truthful girl there may yet be something to alter circumstances." "You Were ever hopeful," said Eric, "but sle has convinced me. Why, she heard it from 3urial's own lips in Lonu don." Further discussion of the subject was useless just then, strive as' Miss Manton did to bring balm to his wounded feelings. She thought it better to leave him quite alone for the present, so when her partner came to claim his danic she arose, and with a gentle word of reassurance went out into the bright light of the ball Eric never stirred the live long evening from where lihe had thrown himself. The music came and went as some tireless thing laughing at his misery. The flowers around fim were drooping and dead from the heat of the rooms, and his soul within him felt no less weary. The one ovrwhelmhning grief of his life had as completely stunned him as the fall which he had received in the Squatters' Cup. On the dawn of the next day he made preparationis for his return to Timhoors. He could no longer stand the thoughts of races, dances, or anything else, and wanted to be quite alone. Alone with his thoughts, which, distracting as they were, seemed easier to bear than when mixing with a throng of pleasure-loving people. As he rode slowly along on his way to the station, never did weary wanderer returning from the hardships and perils of campaign apper more-completely broken down. Now that strength had returned, and life seemed pleasant for him igain another blowl had befallen him. Revenge was beginning to rise in his proud nature for the first time. He could have forgiven Mrs. Fordyce even had Muriel once more been restored to him. But now that this last gleam of hope seemed to be fading in the distance he cried aloud for vengeance, at all events, that he should stand before Muriel a guiltless and honorable man, that she should hear from his own lips what vile hand had torn their love asunder. " Would it be too late-too late to stay her marriage ?" " Why do I ask myself this?" he mut tered. "Nothing that I can do will pre vent it. She loves another." Tears coursed fast down his cheeks, like any woman's. CHAPTER XVII. '.THle CATASTROPHE AT 3tAPLE BRIDOL The inews of 31alcolm's enfagement with Muriel had been given out to the world. The Society Journals had finished slandering the baronet's son, and were rather inclined to regard his future in a inmore hopeful tone. Wild reports had been circulated re garding the wealth of the young Australienne, who was to be the future Lady Scobold, which causad much annoy ,auce to Duncan Grey. He hated any thing of thie kind, and flatly denied the report whenever he had an oplportunity, aild threateiind to thnieh the editor of a certain lisper if he did not immediately cease publishiing falsehoods. .i ?w tlhant overytling ihad been arranged regardinlg thie future of LMariol. andt tlile son-in-law elect, Dunoan saw no reas3n \- I'y there should be anty inmmediate ;.cositCy for returning to Australia. He liked to think, altlhough Mttriel mtst be taken'from himin it ,e sense, that a few hours by rail would brinu them together Tie thoughts of living ir Austrlia, shilst slte and her husband were in Eng latsl. liid not at all Imeet with his views, ntIl for this reasot he took a lease for twelve months of ai fine estate in Sufhlk, wrhlere he could anmse himself with the run anid have LMalcolm and Miuriel to itty with himi ocasionsilly. .Mrs. Grey, at first, tlhottght that pro Illongig their stay in England was rather injtdicious, seeing that Duncan had basi liess in Australia. "Why, Violet," ihe said, "you seemc more concerned about thie place than I am mystlf. ThIe seasons are good now, andi there is no cause sfr fear, otherwiso 1 ahoiuld be o'ih by the-nexte steamer."- - The estate which Duncan had leased wa s ote of tlose splendid shooitng pro pertiha whichl entailed a largee amount of expis'littro to keep it up in any sort of style appronhinguts deserts. The owner, a ytoung earl, who had come to grief on the terf, inever resided there, for tihegood reason that he was unable to afford it. His annual income was so cut down, what with agricultural depression and high interest to be paid on-the exiting. mortgage over the property, that to have attemp:ed to do so would have hiastened his ruin. The young peer had fo'ind a gidi tulltent in Dunlan Grey, who took a pride in the place, though the latter knew thrat any improvements carried out would not be for his own benelit hereafter. " I hate to see a place likethis going to the dogs," he would say, as he roderound with a friend. Andnmuch good had he done during his short s'ijouri: gmong the tenantry, who looke:cd up to him with reverence and resuect. The house was an immense one, stand ing on the highest part of the estate, from the tower of which, for miles around, a glorious view of the country could be ob tained. From the pleasure grounds immediately surrounding the house sloped away the hrubberies,- once- shamefully-aeglected, but.uowthatDuncanhadcomeonthascene, extra gardeners were employed to keep them in perfect order. The tennis-courts, flower-beds and hot-houses were Mrs. Grey's especial delight, and visitors to "LTnmbton" who -knew-them in-thei former days of neglect were loud in their praises of them now. For miles around woods, stocked with game, gave splendid shooting, and Dun can, who was an ardent upholder of this class of sport, revelled in the delights of tramping through turnip fields after the partridges, or standing at a hot corner bringing "rocketers" to earth. In? thebeginnsing of October the Greys had taken up their residence, where Mal colm had followed theom shortly after wards. The coup-de-..race which Lottie fondly imagined she had given Muriel in regard to her love-for Malcolm -had signally failed. . Immediately on receipt of Muriel's note he had hurried to Biavre and. explained matters, telling her that Lottie's story was a vile calumny merely to extort money. In her innocence and love for Malcolm, sheo was ready to believe it, and took him for none other than a devoted and. much.to-be-pitied man. How to conciliate, or rather get rid of Lottie, was a task which proved no easy one for Mal cohnlm on hearing that she had firmly de clined to leave. His temptations of lage sums of money were merely ridiculed by her. "As if I am to be bought out and cast adrift by your bribery. No, mon cdhr, you will live to repent your work and will see some day that a woman can strike, and hard too." This was the last time he had ever' listened to her. His temper rose to'an ungovernable height, whence, hurling at her all the epithets his tongue could find, he gave her a cheque sufficient to cover immediate wants and left her for ever. As she slowly raised the paper lying before her, she smiled that smile of triumph which so often was seen on her lips. "As if he can escape me," she said to herself. "I will let him marry; Oh yes I we women do not spoil sport, and then my turn comes.". Lottio soon after, returned to Paris, where she had taken apartments for the winter. She made no secret of her whereabouts, though she did not care to be so much en eirdence since her desertion by Malcolm. When she saw, one day, that the marriage was to take place early in November, a slight flush tinged her cheeks as she laid aside the paper. Silence was heronlychanconowof making her successful in the end, and this she knew well how to preserve. Like a snake in, the grass she lay hid, awaiting her opportunity to dart. Malcolm's days were one long dream of bliss. He loved Muriel with all his soul, and was 'her slave entirely, granting everything that was in his power, to make her life if anything still happier. "How often I recall the day of that horrid woman's visit," she said to Malcolm as they wandered through the gardens one morning. " My love, why trouble yourself about these silly ideas when all is over I True, it was a fiendish story to invent, but -where ia-the-man - whoia-safo from the tongues of slanderers ? That woman is one of the most notorious of her kind in London or Paris, and has many times be fore practised the same game." "Oh, Malcolm darling, I am so thank ful to think that she left me when she did. The remembrance of that revolver being pointed at my head will never fade from my memory. Even now in my sleep I sometimes awake with aatirt and imagine she is looking down at ime with those cruel eyes. How they shone I shall never forget them." "My poor Muriel, it was indeed a terrible ordeal to go through. Do you know, too, that the woman was actually in the gardens watching us that morn Ing I Yes, that was how she found out, and then directly my back was turned she seized the opportunity of telling her lies, and thought to obtain money from you." "As it was," said Muriel, "she took those lovely sapphires you gave me." " No matter, better she should have those than have injured a hair of your head; besides, iwhat are bushels of sapphires beside my sweet AMuriel." Here he bent down and softly touched her forehead with his lips. "Ah I will this great happiness always go on, go on for ever 7 Dearest Malcolm, I wish for no other heaven than this. For you always to be with me, and when death takes one, for the other to be taken too." " Come, Muriol darling, do not grow sad over our love, remember we have our duties in life to perform though we are to be man and wife. We cannot quito shut ourselves up from the world, or what would it say of us?" " 1 suIppose it would call us selfish," said Muriel, " but lovers are selfish at first, and it seems only natural." The pheasant shooting had now begun in real earnest, as eachi mornitg a party of beaters were sent before the guns to search the woods for game. Malcolm was a good shot, and for this reason was always given a busy corner itn ite drive, where, as tihe brosze- winsed birds sailed above hisi head with a loud whlir-r-r-r, he seldom failed in bringing them to his feet. Muriel would often accompany the shooters in thick boots and short gown, when hier starch through turnip fields or even through plougheid ones would prove her to be as energetic as the rest. "Ilike shooting for its surroundings ar.d not actually ior the sakeo of killing," she said, as they sat at lunchecon one day. " Now how mutch nicer this is than having luncieot indoors." ' We'll, for my part," said Duncan, " I would prlefer lunthcieo inside. I can't si-y--am particularnly fond of beetles crawling about me, and a risk of swallow lng a twasp in tle claret." "' Papai, you haven't a scrap of romance in you, and see sothing beautiful in nature; why, this very tree we are seated under is a study in itself. Harow can it be coimpared to tlhose ugly gum-trees we have been living amongst all our lives I Sometimes when I look back on the years in Australia I think it so much -time wasted' "You little traitor," exclaimed Malcolm, why, only a few months ago you would not hear.aewod..daid: igpinat-the place, and now you run it down wholesale." "Yes, I admit such was the case, but that is the way with all Australians, until they learn better. When first they come to England they hate everything and see no beauty in anything. London looks ugly and black, and as a rule they have few friends to visit, consequently they are dependent for amusement enitirely. upon themselves. They oon growtired" of it, and are glad to return.'.. "But that wasn't your cave, Muriel," said her father, "you had a hnli:rcd people who were ready to make life plea sant for you, and one, I am. thanlkful' to say, has succeeded." Duncan here raised his glass with a know:ng wink at Malcolm. " Oh?-I?aemnot talking- aboutmyaself you are so personal, papa." Slhe-luh 'i?a little and looked away. Those were happy days in the Eastern County as Muriel wandered through the golden-colored wo,ods, which would sos, behard-and chilLsvitlhthe frastwtundL snows of Winter. Scarce a month re mained from the time when 'she woull become Malcolm's wife, and though so. short a space, an unbidden thought would steal into her heart as she lay awake in the silent hours of the night wondering if anything would come to check their union. Muriel had believed every word of Eric's letter which. had been receired stating Atrs. Fordyce's villainy, nodi. although regarding Eric in the li ht , f true and honorable mant, honed thitf he would not now come to disturb her other and-deepoe lwv - She-hul-ad ove?ldEr once, but thus she reasoned with her self. "I kiiew nothing at the ime.' I 's a mere child. I never knew what real love was until I met Malcolm." She could not feel grateful for what Mrs. Fordyce had done, and yet, within herself, there was a secret feeling of self congratulation in having had removed from her path that one person wlho de. barred her from marrying Malcolm. What Eric?'?houghts._ werea no_the_ matter she hardly liked to thihk about. She knew what a large and urisellishs heart he had, and how.dreadful a blow her marriage with another would cause him. "But I do not love him, and life would never be happy for him, or for mne either. I cannot write to tell him I am engaged. But he will know that soon enough. " It is, indeed, a hard thing to be situated as I am, and no one can advise me." These were some of the thoughts that would keep her for hours tossing on her pillows. She thought that when once the marriage-waeover-tothing-culd matter then. Eric might come to Eng land if he liked, but all talk about her previ.as love for him would be a mere waste of time. Muriel still' felt that there was one thorn in her bed of roses which might at any time make its presence felt- that thorn was Eric. Oftentimes' Muriel would complain to Malcolm about leaving her, perhaps on wet days, to sit over the fire whilst the shooters were after the part. ridges. "It's all very well for you men going off early in the morning and leaving uIs women at home. But you have no idea how bored we get with one another's society." Mrs. Grey had asked several young ladies with their mdthers to make up the number at dinner of an evening, but Muriel, beyond making herself just ordinarily agreeable, never cared to be long in their company. In fact, when Malcolm was away from her the world appeared as a blank. "Well, let us drive to-day, Muriel," he said one morning, finding her in a dis contented frame of mind, and accordingly it was agreed upon. Very mamy times afterwards he would order the phmeton with its thoroughbred chestnuts, which spanked along the quiet highways with no' more thought of the weight 'of the carriage behind them tlianlihf d i? been a child'a. "I'll keep no rubbish in my stables," Duncan would say, on showing his equine collection,to a friend, which was very true. And his horses, whether for saddle or harness, were perfect of their kind, sud Duncan loved them as if they were his own children. "'My conscience, how they're pulling. My arms are aching despite that severe curb on Marmion," said Malcolm, as they traversed the road which led from Lamb ton to Dullington, the nearest town of any importance. "Rave we miuch businemo in tht-'bust ling city to-day ?" exclaimed MIalcolm, satirising the place which loomed ahead. Dullington bore out its name to the letter. Its grass-grown streets, wide and long enough for armies to be isarched through them withoutbreakingline, wore the same appearance every day of the week, except Saturday, on which day market was held. Its shops had the same things in the windows monthl after month, despite the rapid changes of fashion, which, in this nineteenth cen tury we are so accustomed to. "oWell, of all the holes !" exclaimed Malcolm. drawing up his horses, with ai ecrooping noise against thie curb, " this is about the dullest that I've ever been in." " You have always some disparaging remark to make about places or people." said Muriel, preparing to alight. " It's the same everywhere except in your be loved London. Now there is plenty ory historical association, even in this hole as you call it." " Whilst 1 am choosinga carpet suppo..e you go and inspect that tea-service si the Museum which Queen EIlizabeth is said to have used on a visit here." "Hanig Elizabethl, what do I care about the woman or the tea-service." Malcolm almost bawled this last remanrk out, so that several of the passers-by looked o. : The sight of the trail, horses, and occupants, was a general object of IId miration as it howled along through the quiet streets, making them echo again with its clanking pole-chains and clatter of hoofs. "'How nice we look in the shop winldows," said Muriel. "We'll, don't be all day admiring your self. Jump down and order your carpet I and I'll drive round to the Club." MIuriel in a second had sprung lightly to earthl, whilst Malcolm, giving his horses a touch, rumbled up the main street to what was generally known as the Club, remarkable chiefly for bad cooking, inferioliquors, worn-out furniture, and members whoso subscriptions were long over-due. (To be contiinued.) "WuAT garment is this, Marial" asksa young husband. "It is a shirt, Arthur. Imade it all myself as a surprise for you." " How good yeaou are, darling I" asid the husband, tenderly. "Can you think I'II ever soil that beautiful shirt be wearingit' Never II shall keep it and cherish it forever, I wouldn't wear that shirt down town dy. ,lrrwbeols aes's lalary," - 