IN THE - DEAD OF NIGHT, Published by special arrangement with Jlessrs. Ward, Lock S[ Co., Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS EESERVBB.] CHAPTER V. THE SPIRIT OF HUBDEE. By the Popular Authoress, ADA CAMBRIDGE. The 'Win s^tes drove in their own boggy to The Cnase, where they were met by Mr Blackettfs policeman, by whom they "were dscorted ovjr the great house It iris a great house, in more ways than one; an<i Nettie, whose passion for things English was far greater than that of which the had accused her hnsband, walked abont *ith clasped hands and head thrown back, uttering Bighs and " ohs " and other Bens - less ej aculations, in a state of rapture too profound for words. The hall — the great hall, as it was properly termed — had been left almo t exactly as it was in what Billy called his time, and was impressive enough for anything—especially in the dull light of a threatening Etorm whioh had unexpectedly followed upon the bright morning. It was not much unlike a church with a fireplace in it and all the pews turned out. There was a screen like a rood-screen at the lower end, dividing it from an outer Testibnle; at the upper the massive staircase, down which Lexie had walked like a princess at her husband's side, branched into galleries running down the sides. The windows were mullioned and 'filled with old glass,' partly stained; the floor was of chequered stone, the roof a mass of oak beams, spreading f an-wise in all directions. From the latter—very high up and shadowed— hang banners, beautifully dilapidated. Th-re were trophies of armB on the walls, genuinely mediaeval; rows upon rows of family portraits, with authentic dates to them, historic and notorious; heraldic insignia on every hand, indisputably testifying that the DesaillyB were an ancient and a noble family. Altogether, there was a fine, solemn, feudal air abont the place, calculated to awe a colonial pferson seeing it for the first time. Earing been so lately used for the coming-of-age festivities, dust and cobwels were not conspicuous; but the air struck cold and had a musty,mouldy taint, causing Nettie to cry " Pah!" and pu; a perfumed handkerchief to her nose. "It is the very smell of murdered bodies," she declared, shivering. " How do you know what the smell of murdered bodies is like?" her husband asked her. " Oh, by instinct," she replied. " It's the smell of old age." he eaid, sniffing and peering about him. " Powers above! It looks as if it might have been like this for a thousand years." They opened the shutters of the state drawingroom, which had been used in Lexis's honour on the night Win gate so well remembered—a place of comfortless splendour such as may still be found in certain royal palaces which the changes of fifty years or so have respectfully passed by. Here was desolation again: The floral carpet and much of the satiny furniture had been removed, and most of the precious ornaments; what were left stood shrouded in hags of calico, bulging and shapeless. But the chandeliers, that weighed tons, and the cunniDg carved work of the sumptuous ceiling and doorways, war exposed; so were the panels of tapestry said to be three hundred years old, and thfe famous pictures that carried history on their faces—faces of Vandyke ladies in their stately and beautiful Henrietta-Maria costumes; Lely ladies in flowing and formless draperies, kept from flowing away altogether by a mere taper-fingered hand; Gainsboroughs, Sir Joshuas, Bomneys, with huge heads and little scirves and fichus — Lexie's noble predecessors in that most select of county families. " Oh 1" sighed Nettie Wingate, to all this forsaken beauty, "what a drawingroom I could make of this! Billy, what do you say ? " But when they went upstairs she WHS afraid to repeat he suggestion. Here, where the rooms had not been opened for the coming-of-age guests, the utterly undomestic, deserted, haunted-house look of everything made the thought of the vnlgarest Melbourne villa grateful. Any-. thing like a home seemed inconceivable in that forlorn and fusty wilderness, where rats squeaked in daytime, and Bpiders* webs, drawn over the heavily leaded windows, shut wholesome sunshine oit. In every room carpets were rolled up, and only the heavy furniture left in place 1 — except in that most interesting room of all at the end of the west wing, identified with Lexie in the past, and with the rope and candle in the present, the place of the mystery which it was the object of their expedition to solve. Here what carpet the moth had left still clung to the floor, and curtains of flowered silk damask, that had been old and faded in her time, still depended from the canopy of Lexie's bed a monumental structure of mahogany that must have been built where it stood—and from the cornice spanning the bay of the big window, which almost filled one end of the room and was the only light iu it. The great wardrobes and presses, the bow- legged toilet table, with its oval mirror swinging between tall shafts, the sofa and the escritoire, the very mattress and pillows of the vast bed, with the satin quilt drawn over them—everything that she had used during her brief occupancy of the apartment—seemed to have been left unaltered ; and Billy looked at all vith a full heart and eyes that his wife did not care to meet for a few minutes. The rooms that had been Walter's dressing-room and the nurseries, adjoining each other in the passage outside, communicated with hers by one door only, the only one i«rthe great room, corresponding at the one end to the only window at the other. The long side walls were unbroken save by the chimneypiece, which was the usual massive structure, sixteenth-century woodwork, with ornamentation reaching to the ceiling, the hearth wide and the shaft spacious, giving a far-off view of a disc of sky. The most casual inspection showed the impossibility of any living thing. Rave birds, being harboured there. The floor, as Win gate had been informed, had been taken up in various placcs and put down again, the old carpet now hiding the scars; the window casements were fastened; and when he went along the wainscot, rapping sharply on every panel, and standing still to listen for the effect, the sonnd died immediately, with no hint of inward echo. " We've done that," the constable ob- served with a smile. "There's nothing there, Bir. Solid as a rock." " What!" cried Wingate, " do you believe in ghosts, too ? " " No, sir; but 1 believe in the evidence of my senses. Those walls don't hide anything. I've proved it." They were lined from top to bo'.tom with wood panelling, that had been painted white and gilded in places, and was now soiled and tarnished. In five of the panels, three on one side and two on the other, the latter flanking the central chimney-piece, pictures were embedded as in fixed frames. They were so old that it was impossible to tell whether, as works of art, they were good or bad, for hardly an outline was visible under the varnish, which seemed to be many coats thick... Their blackened hues contrasted oddly with the'white paint, suggesting that the latter was a recent' innovation in the chronology of the house; and probablv hid the beautiful texture and colour of old oak or otiifer valuable wood. The visitors passed them over with a glance. .. • .-- " Well^Baid^faigsiieiotheponStable, " I think that's tfl iorlfce present ^D& place is empty now, whatever it aaayjiave been, last night; the windows are secure, and we will lock the door behind us safely. When we have had something to eat, and gathered together a few things that we may want, we will return hero, and stay in this room till morning. And if you will meet us with the keys, and share our watch, I shall be infinitely obliged to you. Of course I'll make it well worth jour while." . " Don't you think, sir," suggested the constable, " that ifd be as well for somebody to watch outBide as' well as in ? That fellow with the rope, that you saw in the garden, wants attending to." " Certainly.' I mean to keep a good look-out from the window. There will be a splendid moon if these clouds clear off. The fewer we are the better in a case of this sort. You don't catch fish if you make a splash in the water." " No, Bir. But I think if s my business to look after the man rather than the ghost, if if s all the same to you." Wingate agreed that a policeman must he allowed to know his own business best, and had a shrewd suspicion that this particular policeman would rather deal singlehanded with fifty corporeal thieves of the most desperate character than- with one indeterminate spectre lighting its way abont the deserted house with a harmless spectral candle. So it was arranged that he shonld.patrol the garden, with a trusty friend for company, while husband and wife held the fort within. Ateizo'olock of a summer evening the prospect had no tenors for the latter. She was delighted to have gained permission to Bhare such a brave adventure. It was slightly otherwise at nine o'clock, however. Night was closing in then, and with the night came the heavy storm that had been slowly gathering during the afternoon. Sombre thunder clouds, riven with red lightning, and. a deep andswel ling murmur in the air, were the conditions attendant upon an uncomfortable start from the abode of Mrs Venn, who, having supplied certain demands,.was wild with curiosity to know what for—the only fact confided to her being the intention of her guests to ** camp out," which seemed abont the last thing likely in the state of the weather. Half-way up.thfe green chase, the horses, already atiheir fastest trot, delighting in the longest stretch of sward they had ever .felt under their feet, were encouraged to break into a gallop; and the deserted stables were reached just as the furious rain began to fall. Here they found the constable and Abel Bowe, his chosen mate — declared to be the beBt available looking far from happy. They helped Wingate to shelter his buggy, and make the horses comfortable, sad then to carry the contents of tbe vehicle into the house. How the great hall clanged to the- tread of their hob-nailed bootB! And the aspect of the place, in the light of one candle and a bull's-eye lantern — the hollow silence and darkness filled with the sound of rushing rain—how eerie it was! When such rain falls on your roof at night, particularly with trees about, you can always hear voices in it, gabbling to each other, if : yon like to listen for them; here they seemed to shout overhead, like wild birds passing over—a ride of valkyries above the storm; and the empty house reverberated till one could well fancy that kindred spirits within it were answering to the call. Nevertheless, Billy enticed hiB evidently uneasy comrades to remain while the downpour lasted, keeping them in heart with tbe whisky flask. He earnestly advised them to remain inside for the night, and watch the terrase from ground-floor window; but they preferred the risk of rheumatism and pneumonia in damp summer-house outside.' It wouldn't do, they said, with sheepish smiles,to make themselves too comfortable,; since they had to keep awake all night. Very well; only if you c toh your, deaths don't blame me," said Billy testily. He had scorned to plead nervousness on his own account, but was more and morn conscious that it would have been a satisfaction to have bis guards on the-inner side of the locked doore during the witching hours. " Look sharp that you do keep awake," he besought them," as they turned to go. " Don't take your -eye off-that terrace and the window for & moment. And cooee— that is, call out to me, if you see anything suspicious. I' will do the same. Goodnight! Take the mackintosh rug with you." He let them out into the sweet-smelling, rain-washed night, closed the heavy door upon them and turned the key with a vindictive wrench, reflecting with pleasure that their cowardice, as he supposed it, had cut them off from the support of his c,urage, companionship and revolver; then he and Nettie, crowding into each other's pockets, sat down to.hearten themselves with a little supper. ' I've got some more whisky here," he said,-rummaging^ "andVsn going to give you BO me, old girl.' I am wishing, do yon know, that I'd left you with Mrs Venn after all." Why, Billy? I am not frightened. I wouldn't have stayed at home, away from you, for anything; nothing should have induced me. But I d» think," sp aking rather tremulously, " that those men might have kept us company the first night!" "I can easily make them, if you- wish. I can drive them in by threatening to shoot them if they won't come. But that wouldn't help much, and I suppose it really is an advantage to have the house, watched outside. Don't you feel safe with only me, sweetheart ? " He put his arm around her-as shesat upon his knee, and she dropped a package of sandwiches to the floor in order to kiss him adequately. Oh, I do, I do !" she cried, and honestly meant it, for never had her bridegroom shown himself so much of a man and a husband as he was doing now. " But this place"—they were in the great hall, for the security of a wide ontlook all round them—" oh, Billy dear, this place is so, to creepy I" It certaioly was—even Billy confessed .., far more so in the moonlight than in She rain. No ordinary imagination^ could "withstand the effect—the conjunction, of effects—presented. " We won't stay here any longer," he murmured soothingly. " We'llgo to bed. Here, drink,"—holding a potent tnmbler to her lips. "I know it is nasty, but it will do you good. Now just one little sandwich to please me. Thafs right. You feel better now, don't yon? You are not nervous now, are you ? " Gladdened to tbe heart by his serious anxiety, xesponsively solicitous for his ease of mind, she assured him that she feared nothing so long as her husband was with her. In the silent hng that followed they, touched a deeper note than had yet sounded in the merry music of their joint lives. - Brave girl 1 Come along, then; stack dose to me. There's nothing -whatever to be afraid of. Ifs only that the place lookB so big and grand, and feels BO full of its old stories somehow. This is the sort of thing that makes people feel religions in cathedrals, when they are quite cold and callous in a common, modern church. Just imagine that you've-been looked into Melbourne Town Hall by mistake/and see how little you will care then! " " I can't. This is likebeing in another world."." '" " Iffl the same old world—the same * socalledsineteenthcentury *; andwe're just as safe as-——hullo 1 "Oh!" .. .. •.; "Confound-the thing! All right, «J1 right; ifssonly one of the buggy lamps didn't see St was there." He had knocked it fromajpile of bedclothes to' the floor, and the jpass. and metaliang-npon ita' bare efcone. Schoes in the roof »Jid galleries were like a flock of starOed birds, -taking swingitjihe nofee. K ^ r ^ : ^rningio-the They stood quite still, in their small island of light, peering into the sea of shadows round them. The flame of the candle glowed up into their handsome faces, so alive and alert, bat left dark, as in ambush, the eyes of the dead Desaillys watching the intruders from the wall. Brighter •very moment shone the moon through the blazoned windows, sharper its embroidery of cross-bars and lattice-work came out upon the pavement under. them; and the lighter it grew, the more like a'haunted plaoe it looked. Oh, how different things appear at night from what they do by day! Billy wished again that he had left Nettie with Mis Venn. " Listen!" he said, hold ing her tightly with one hand and the butt of bis revolver with the other. But they heard nothing, except their hearts beating. So they started on their voyage to the west wing. Their supper had done them so mnoh good that they dared to blow the candle out and find their way by the light of the moon; for, as Billy said, if they were to catch that ghoet, it was necessary to stalk him carefully. " But don't think of such rot," he hastened to add. " If you hear anything, mind, it will be the dripping of the rain, or the mice and rats, or.the wind in ohimnqys and keyholes, or the windows shaking, or the old boards creaking and cracking underfoot. Natural causeB, remember—not snpernatnraL" " Oh! I'm not afraid of ghoBts," boasted Nettie, whom whisky had made valiant for the moment. "Nor of anything else— with you." She carried the candlestick and matches, her dressing-bag and wraps; Billy had loaded himself with all their bedclotheB, but kept his right hand free. They walked in their stocking feet and talked in whispers. The first sensation, as of cold water down her spine, came to Nettie as t ey passed the little room at the angle of the stairs. No curtain marked it now, and the moonlight poured through ibB encircling, "windows in a melodramatic way. " Thafs where I saw her burning the lace," said Wingate, pointing. " Oh, don't!" gasped Nettie, seeing in her mind's eye the lace with blood-stains on it. All the tragical story, as her young fancy composed it, seemed to act itself again before her; she dared not look into the little room, lest she should behold the spirit of midnight murder bending over the hearth. Oh, this was indeed an uncanny place to be astray in at such an hour! They reached, or all but reached, their destination iu the west wing,creeping past the little well staircase and the row of doors to the carefully locked door at the end of the passage. Suddenly both stood motionless, arrested in the self-same instant; and Nettie uttered an involuntary exclamation which Wingate instantly sup- Ok " Bush-th-sh !" " What was that ?" A sound whioh, if anywhere outside their own imaginations, was inside the seal d chamber, and not wind or mice or rain drops now. The noise, a deep rumble, as if some one were dragging a solid, Bmooth piece of furniture over the floor, rather like the sound of an earthquake, and the feel. of it too. A distinct vibration was communicated to the pair, who as yet were some dozen yards from the spot whence the movement seemed to proceed, the air being' at the same time filled with a muffled hum, swelling for a moment and then ceasing suddenly, leaving the tomblike silence as before. It might have been an earthquake, or it might have been thunder, the tail end of the recent storm; but bur adventurers did not think of either possibility. "They've got in. before us," whispered Wingate, dropping the bedclothes where he stood, and getting a grip of his revolver. " Steady now. Don't be frightened. Light the candle. Quick!" He turned the heavy handle of the door, expecting to find it nnfastened. But it was not unfastened; it was just as he had left it. Stooping, with the candle at his eye, he peered into the keyhole, and saw that no key obstructed it Theu he snatched his ow_i from Ms pocket, i wretched it round in the lock, and threw the door wide open. No one was visible. The room was silent and empty of everything but what they had left there in the afternoon; nothing had been moved. They stood for a minute or two just within the door, which, when they had brought in the bedclothes, they closed and locked behind them, staring up and down and from side to side; then, holding his wife's hand, Wingate approached the fireplace cautiously and looked up the wide shaft of the chimney, holding the candle high above his head. " Nothing there," he whispered. Then he tip-toed to the window, which he examined closely. No one, he found, could have got out that way. The two casements were both closed. He took hold of each handle of the iron catches and moved it up and down; both worked well, but both had been in their qockets, and no draughts could -have displaced them. Opening one door-like lattice, he reached his head out; the window, resting on a bracket of heraldic etone-work, was thirty feet up in the wall, at least, projecting into tbe air, with nothing under it but flag pavements. Any burglar departing by that route would do so to certain suicide.' What could it have been?" faltered Nettie, whose little heart was pumping violently. Thunder, I expect. It must have been thunder." It didn't sonnd like thunder, Billy. It stopped too suddenly." . •• Couldn't have been anything else," he insisted, -with eome impatience;, but he still prowled about uneasily. " If any of the village people are -watching the house," said Nettie, as she placed the candle on the -dressing-table, not far from the window," they will say the ghost is here to-night, at any rate.*" Blow it out," cried Wingate, and he extinguished the little flame himself as he spoke. " Let us watch for an hour or two. The moon ie light enough for anything^ and it's as well—ha !'•' «' Oh!" They stood like statues, listening, and heard the voices of the men from the terrace beneath. Wingate put his head out of the window again and hailed them. Cooee! You fellows there — whafs up?" " "We've only found another rope, BIT, An old one this time." Oh, have yon ? Anything else ?" Nothing else, sir. We heard a rustling sad thought we saw somebody, but it was a mistake We'll keep a good look-out, sir." "Just scour the place well before you settle yourselves down, and report to me in half an hour." .. They did so, but had nothing further to report. • All right inside, sir ?" the constable kindly inquired. As right-as a trivet," was the OBtenta^ tiously cheerful reply. Did you light a candle and put it out just now,sir ?" " Of course I did. We like the-moon' light best. You had better coma along, you audEowe, and sleep up hers near ns." •: "Thank: you, sir. Ifs very comfortable outside, sir." ... All right. Please yourselves. Goodnight!" Good- night, sir Wingate turned from the window, and .he'and .Nettie made their bed by the light ofthe moon. :They made it -within the monstrous 7 - four-prater - that" had been Lexie's marriage conch [or.the few sad and splendidweeke that seemed to have been tor 4asfc; -the hair mattress and tie down pillows were dry and -wholesome- smelling, for something sepmed to have preserved the air m thia room wTer~ &au; ^ * ^ linen, and tracked the old silk curt-in hack behind the bedhead and the wall,: they talked of various mattera but they never mentioned Lexie. '--'"• When all preparations were made they were still reluctant to go to bed. They sat together on Lexie's sofa in the window, and let the cool, clean air flow over. them. They gazed at the high, dear sky. and the beautiful moon-touched clouds.at the wide -b ranching " English " trees that were such a constant joy, and those majestic angles of wall with the -ivy on them, the wet leaves, twinkling where they caught the light. They sniffed the perfume of the rain, exhaled from earth and flowers, the sweetest of all sweet things to an Australian nose. And, with then late unsettled nerves composed, .they remembered they were bride and bridegroom, and that, wherever they were, they carried their home shrine with them, aB the snails, now coming out in such myriads, carried their shells upon their backs. It only wants a nightingale : to make it jerfect," sighed Nettie, slowly drawing lairpins from her chestnut plaits. The nightingale had done his oourting for that year; he was gone—only just gone, and would ba heard no more in English gardens till April came again. But her lover beside'her had mo difficulty in proving to her -that nightingales were, after all, superfluous. At about midnight, they lit the candle once more. Wingate opened.the door to take a last look into the corridor, and before he shutitlaidapieceof paper over the outer keyhole, and stuck it-down with some strips torn from the edge of a sheet of postage stamps. Then, locking it inside with the greatest care, he placed the key by the bedBide, along with candle and matches and the loaded revolver. They extinguished the light, and, feeling safe and satisfied, lay down to sleep in each other's arms. . {Til be Continued). 