IntelligeQee. Newsfeoh SiNGLETON.-Many of the readers of the Methodist, and God's people generally, will rejoice to hear of a gracious visitation of God the Holy Spirit to the Singleton congr egation of our church on Sabbath evening, Nov. 28\. To those who came out in repen tance, sought and found God's wondrous salvation, that service will remain among the brightest memories of their life. The spiritual power which seemed to fill the preacher and likewise to arouse and convict the hearers, caused many who were present to describe it as truly wonderful. Bro. A. Swansou, a local preacher of West Maitland circuit supplying for our pastor, Rev. J. Beale, who was absent at the General Conference, was the honoured instru ment in presenting the truth as con tained in Luke xix. 41-42. The Gospel message has still the power to convict of sin and also balm for the wounded so ul, when God the Holy Ghost is baptising the hearers and preacher with that Divine unction so , abundantly welcome to His own people. Most of those present, if not all, were much moved, and when at the close of the service an after- meeting was an nounced by the preacher, a large number remained. Prayer was offered and a loving invitation to any who were anxious for their soul's salvation was given to leave their seats and come to the communion rail. Twelve responded and thus sought pardon, some with bitter tears, others not displaying out ward emotion but conscious of a deep inward longing which impelled them to bow at the footstool of mercy. There each received the pardou promised and returned thanks to God for a free sal vation. Others were powerfully moved, one especially so, but went away undecided. We hope and pray that these also may still close with GodV proffered gift of love while the spirit is wooing aud Christ is waiting to receive. May each soul prove faithful to the vows offered to God in the presence of his people, theu we know God in His wondrous love will crown each life with His richest blessing. We are very thankful for the gracious manifestation of God's presence and working amongst us, yet in faith and hope and love we will pray and work on until ' yet greater works than these,' shall gladden the heart of pastor and people. Then as now we shall give the glory to the ' Great Three in One ' praising Him from whom all blessings flow. Good News from; Marricicyille. — The Lord hath indeed made bare his arm in our midst. For the last three or four months a prayer meeting has been held before afternoon school, to ask for an outpouring of God's Holy Spirit on our young people, and last Sunday, December 12th, the answer came, in such a measure that filled the hearts of all the workers with unspeak able joy. Instead of the usual Sunday school being held, two of the young men teachers gave short addresses, pleading with the scholars to decide for Christ, aud the result was that at the close of the of the afternoon 70 names were given in as those who had found the Saviour. Oh! who amongst those present will ever forget the scene; both vestries full of weeping scholars pleading for mercy, the pulpit fulls besides the front row of seats, and scattered through the school were little groups of twos and threes besieging the mercy seat for grace, and they did not seek in vain. The first to accept the invitation was a fine youth who, when he found peace at once turned his attention to his mates and pleaded and prayed with them. Many held out, though there was not one dry eye in the whole building. A glorious prayer ? meeting followew the evening service, and we are praying for and expecting more blessings on Wednesday at our Christian Endeavour meeting. Fellow Christians, pray for us that we may receive wisdom and grace to instruct these young converts, and pray for the v yound Christians that they may be kept firm in their new resolve. 