NOXIOUS WEEDS. Notices ware recently issued by the Crown Lands Department calling on corporations and district councils to destroy certain [?] weeds within their boundaries. In order to ensure the work befog iaU3^m^^edqaass^^B * description of then weedy ?coqmpiari?d.t^-vgg !Wi_il?t!nii? m-i._ * - ?wk **^ fli^li fikiiiMiiiiMT' I*s^?^^?1 *s^?^^? illlHllrlTnwltl Ww gtra? IK" ?PV m?NV'^HKg^B ?*??*?? j*HL£^Siii!i?H!l colony. In spite of this precaution the clerks of sever*! district councils have written to the Crown Lands Department asking for full in formation regarding the weeds and illnstra tioaaol the same. Enquiry has shown that ?uma district councils have not even taken the trouble to open the numbers ot the Journal of Agriculture forwarded to them. In case these liave teen lost they will be again forwardsd to ; any district cooncil which sendsan application ; ?ad stamps foe postage. ' Th? Postmaster-General informs us that telephone offices were opened a? UraidU and , Satnmertown on Tuesday. W?. have been informed that Father A. Stale, ol the order of Jesuit fathers, who has | been stationed in the Northern Territory for! some time, is very ill at Seven Hills and is not expected to recover. Messrs. Povnton and Mortlock, members for Flinders, presented to the Minister of Education on Tuesday a. petition from resi dents of Cowell asking for the erection of a pnbKo school building; tha present school being held one and ? naif miles from the town. Tha Minister promised to obtain ? report. In tha case of the lato Mr. W. &. Crabb, whose death) occurred suddenly on Monday evening; an inquest was deemed unnecessary, as Dr. J. C "Verco intimated that he had been attending tha deceased gentleman for anjina feebtri*. The remains will be interred at the North-road Cemetery this afternoon. Xfco Commiaaioner of Crown Lands has re ceived from Mr. J. R. Brown, the secretary of Lyrup Village Association, a K-lb. box of find (rrade raisins grown at tha settlement, which has now 75 acres under vines. The erection of the raisin stemmer and grader bra been com pleted and it does excellent work. The raisins ares very fine sample and show what irriga tion win accnmpnsb on the Murray lands. The latest information respecting Mr. J. A. McPheraon, M.P., is not reassuring. > He U in a, very low state, and his medical advisers con aider that bis condition is most critical. Dr. T. A. Hynea, who saw him yesterday, and Dr. Ramsay Smith, who baa been called in con- Bultation. take a> veTy grave, view of the nature of the case. A meeting of the Pastoral Commission was held on Tuesday morning at Parliament House, when there were present Mr. W. Copley, M.P.. in the chair. Hons. J. H. Howe and J. 6. Bios. MX.Cs, Messrs. if. Poynton, T. Burgoyne, and & L. Batchetor, MIF/s, A. G.DownervandA-Tennant. Mr. Christopher Wade, psatoralist, gave evidence and the Com mission adjourned for a week. Mtv WllEain Kither has handed to Arch deacon Dove, president of the Walkerville Children's) Home^wbM may/ba termed a mag nificent Christmas gift in tha shape of a cheque for ? sum representing one day's cash receipts at Me Ether's Ruadle-atreet establishment. We are asked to announce that Mr. Either's Rensroarty will enable the committee of the boms' to pay off more than two-thirds of the debt on the new buildings. Mr. J. H. Cunningham, who ha* for the past 10 years acted as hon. secretary and trea surer of tbe Orphan Home, Caning tuu-street. uipuwrrl at desur? at the last meeting of the committee of tha institution held on Monday -to be relieved front office. Mr. Alfred Simms volunteered to act as bon. secretory if Mr. ? Cunningham wooid continue a* treasurec. 1 Tha oSke m? accepted^awl Mr. Cunninghaui was requested to agree to the proposed arrange nwntk ' A* the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme \- Court on Tuesday Thomas Gerald Wibou, who fartt pleaded .gngty on. tha ? pravioua day to uttermg-a; foiled cheque, wj?senttotbo Ade- Isida Gaoi for twelve mbnthsv'-. Patrick Carr, who was convicted of honsebreaking; was ordered to be incarcerated for three years with hard tabor. A simitar sentence was imposed by his Honor Mir. "Justice Eundey upon Jean Martell and William Ford, aged 25 and IS respectively tor a 13ta offence. The annual cricket match between St Peter's and Prince Alfred Colleges will be commenced an the City Oval on Friday, and is to be played oat. The teams are:—S.P.S.CL—H. A. Barrett, W. S. Bright (captain^ J. Cham bers, 6. B. DeMote. H. T. Hayward. a R. HHeitme. C P. Hodge. V. Lajcock, X P. Richardson, P. T. Sandbnd, and A. F. B. WortbingtoD j emergency^ G? OR* Aldndge. R.A.C.—H. Chappie (captain), IX Grewar, R. XL Magaray, Magarey, D. R. Osborne, C. Osfeorne, Bahop, X. JoDy, A. R. Drew. S. F. Mnecke, L. Parka; emergentiesy Kidcwood and E. Cbappfa. It is the aim of the publishers ot the "3on- Eght Year-Boot* each succeeding issue should excel its predecessor "-in its treasures of infor mation on tha most interesting' subjects of everyday Hfa tor everybody.* Notwithstand ing the high standard of excellenea reached by {?aviuua prodnctionsi the year-book far 1899— a copy of which, we have, received from Messrs. :€L Wood, Son; oV Co.. wfant are th? special ? agents to A*Oaid?—wiU be found toi?v?fully realised that ah*. Tha work is replete: with aB that n nsefaT sod entertaining; served up -hi a concise, dear, ant ekop manner. A rranancei speotally written? to*l th* proprietors by Conan Doyle, it* among th? numerous attractions of tba book, which even as a work Qc rw?renca we& \- deserves' a} place on every boofttthfiH. In order to add to the popularity of tha production' Messrs. Lever Bros., limited—who are of course' tha wall-Jmown manufactarara of the Sunlight soap—are giving about £350 in cash prizes, for literary and art contributions, fiill particulars of which ant set ant in this, the. latest issue. Daring- tfae> whole year U>? charitable societies connected with theFirie-street Wea leyan Church, comprisinK tha Nursing Sisters' Association, the Donas Society, The Mothers' Mwiting. and tha City Mission, render much "valuable service, to the deserving poor of tbo city. Many * life has- been made brighter and many a load baa bees lightened by these agencies. Che ladies connected with the churches are endeavoring to put the societies in a position to render seasonable assistance at Christmas tune, and have organised a charity festival,wbich will be opened this afternoon by lady Cotton. A splendid programme has been provided for both afternoon and evrmng. The ghost will bold a levee, and Mr. Lyons will give an amusing exposition of ven triloquism. Our Hindmarsb reporter writes:— "On Monday afternoon when Mrs. N. ri. McKay was proceeding; out of the back dour of her dwelling is Orsmond- street, Hindmarsh, she saw a brown snake about four feet in front of hex. The reptile found its way into an out kitcaen, and was dispatched by Mr. Jacob. It measured 3 ft. in length. Mr. McKay is of opinion; toot the snake either came from the wattle bark stacked in the X.B.C. tannery ad joining or from some firewood he baa had on ius premises for some months, * In our report of the meeting held at the Trades Hall on Monday evening it was inad vertently stated that a resolution was carried falling oa tbe labor members to oppose the licensed Victuallers BiH. The resolution, was lost and an amendment was carried to refer the matter to a referendum of the party. We have received tho December number of the Mutual Provident Messenger, the quarterly journal issued by the A.M.P. Society. 