THE BIRD OF SONG. It is winter time ; the earth is covorcd with snow, white and hard as marble from the rock. The uir is clear, the wind Bbarp bs a finely tempered sword ; tho trees stand like white coral of frosted almond blossom ; it is bracing and fresh sb on the Alpine peaks. Tho night is bright with ths aurora and tho glitter of myriad stars. StormB come on, the clouds gather and let fall the whirling snowtlakcs ; pathway and house, narrow lane anil open field, are frariod beneath the swansdown coverlet. But we, seated by the bright fireside, listen to a saga of old times. On the open sea floated a giant's grave ; at midnight the ghost of tho dead hero aroso ; his kingly crown enelrcled his flowing hair ; ho was clad in steol and iron ; his head was bent with sorrow, and he sighed like a lost pirit. A ship BAiled by. The sailors cast anchor and stepped ashore, bat among them was a singer, who cried to tho dead hero, "Why art thou sad? What is thy Borrow?' The spirit answered, " No one has sung of my life and mighty deeds. Thoy lie forgotten. No song or saga carrios them abroad to the hearts f mon, and I havo noither.rest nor peaoe." And he spoko of his mighty deeds, known by his contemporaries, but nil unsung because there was no poet in tho land. Then the old bard touched the strings of tho harp and sang of the youthful courage of tlio hero, the strength of manhood, and tho power of good deeds. At his wards, the face of the hero shone liko foam in tho moonlight, his form rose radiant in light and triumph, it vanished liko a gleam of tho aurora ; nothing was seen but tho green turf mound, with tho unwritten stone ; but just as the last sound of tho harp died away, a little singing bird seemed to dart from tho quivoring strings— a bird with a song like the tbruslra note, with nU the depth of human joy ami pain like the voice of homo, as the bird of passage hears it as he returns from his distant flight. The bird flew far over vale anil mountain, wood and meadow. It wos'tho bird of song which novel- dies. Wo hear the song as wo sit in the warm room, wlioro the snowilakcs fall like wliito bees and the storm rages. . Tlio bird sings not only the hero's dirge, but soft love songs, true and tender, of Northern faith and con stancy ; in liis song aro fairy tales, provorbs and sayings, which, like runes laid upon a dead roan's lips,, force nim to speak, and thus- the song is owned by its fntkerland. In the old heathen days, in the time of the Vikings, its tones dwelt in tho liarps of tho bnTds. In tho days 'of ohivalrr, when might was right and strength hold tho scales of justice, a peasant ranked on equality with a dog. Whore could tho bird of song find shelter 2 Neither coarse- ness nor stupidity thought of him. But in tlio window of the knightly towor, where the neblo lady bent above her jiarchmeut and wrote down old eagas and memories, and tho old woman in the. wood and tho wandering pedlar, who snt by her tolling old legends, the bird which never dies flow round thorn singing, as it will sing so long as earth lms a patch of green oii whioh it may rout its foot— tho bird of song and saga. It sings to us to-day. Outside is night and storm. Tlio bird lays the runes upon our lips, anil wo know our nativo. land. God speaks to us in our northorn tongue, and in the tones of the bird ' of song. Old memories; arise, and faded colors shine out bright, enga, and song givo us a' draught of happiness which inspires, our hearts and brain and makes our uielit a Christmas festival. Tho snowflakea whirl, the ieo cracks, tlio; storm rages, for lio'is lord,;, hut not the lord of all." filt is winter time ; the wind is keen as a two-edged sword; the snowflakes leli, it snowed, as it seemed to us, for days and week, tho Bnow lay like a mountain above tho roads— a heavy dream of a winter's night. All lies buried under the snow but the golden croBS on the church. Tho Hymbol of our faith rises Irom tho snowy grave and shines in the blue air tttiu golden sunshine. Tho birds of heaven fly over tho buried _ city, small birds and great ; they Bine and twitter ; just aa it comes to them, each bird sings its own song. First came tho sparrows, chirping at every trifle in tho streets ftii . ne9» Qcsts and houses ; tlioy know all that goes on in the house, back as well ah front. MWo know the buried city and all living things within it. Tweet, Tweet." The black crows and ravens fly over the buried city. 'Caw, Caw," thoy cried. "Thero is some thing to be had down there ; something to eat. That is the most important— and that iB their opinion down there. Caw, Caw." The wild swans come on rushing wings and sing of the great and beautiful which would yofc arise from tho thoughts. and hearts of the men who lay buried under the snow of the buried city. No death is there, but life in every form. Wo hear it in tho tones that sound liko the church ovgan — like the song of the fairies, liko Ossianfb oorp, like tho rushing wings of Valkyries. What harmony 1 It penetrates our heart and raises u our thoughts. That is the bird of song which wo hear. . And in this moment the warm breath from God's heaven falls on tho snow ; the snowdrift breaks into drifts ; tho sun shines j the spring comes on with the birds- new races with the same old familiar tones. Listen to the story of tho year. "Tho power of the storm, the heavy dream of winter, all ' dissolves ami lives and blends in the glorious voice of the bird of song, which novcr dies."— "Hans Andersen's Tales." 