OOFÏBIQHT. CHATTES XXIX-TUE FIBST LIKE IN THE CHAW. It was between ten and eleven o'clock night and the night watchman was agi seated within his song little domicile, ci suming bis frugal repast. He was sitting I (ide the small table tully dressed, as he h jost come in {rou his solitary round. His old soft bat was pushed back from I brow, about which a tangled mass of lron-gr nair hong ; he had not even removed the 1 cost which be bad donned some boure earli in the evening ; his strong, heavily-soled boc werestained witbpatchesof blaokmud ; and t eyes that burned brightly behind his bl spectacles had in them something which to ot a mind plunged in speculation. The door of Ute but was standing half-ope and through the doorway the bright glow -the oil lamp shot a broad ray of light in the oater blackness of the silent Moss ai adjacent colliery. Suddenly Adam Bannister's head w raised alertly and he ceased munchii lag his chunk of bread and cheese. A foo faU bad come to him out of the silence, and 1 was waiting to see who came. He did ni stir, and be quietly resumed bis meal. Then the footsteps were heard again on tl smooth, damp cinder-path outside, and Bon moments later a man's form was framed in tl doorway. It was Levi Blackshaw, wei attired, sharp of eye, euave-tongued, smootl faced, and inquisitive as usual. " Good-night, my man," Blackshaw erie pleasantly as he took a step forward. "Am so yon are the new watchman, are you ?" "Ab reckon ab am, meater," was th bearded "man's response, and his voice hat harsher and barder notes in than when he ad dressed Lettice Forrester earlier in the even lng. " Ab felt jus' a bit 'cowd' wi' trampin through th'damp an' weet, an' ah thowt a bi o' a snap an' a drop o' werm tay would livei mb np lahke." "I daresay it will, and I'm sure I hope so, my man. By tbs way, I have forgotten youl name. Wells told me about you, and I trusi you will stay with us longer than the last mat did." " My name is Bannister, sir-owd Adair Bannister. Ah súpose you'll bo th' y'unj metter, what Mister Wells towd mc abeawt ?" "That is so, Bannister. My name k Blackshaw. I was just having a stroll round tho place before turning into the Hall for rest, and when I saw your cabin door open it struck me that I might as woll drop in and have a word or twa with you, Bannister. " " Tbanky, sir," and the watchman's hand was jerked up to bis grizzled beard. " Things do seem to get a bit lonely lahke on th' Moss in th'middleo'th' neet." " Tes, that is so. Orsden Moss ia not the liveliest of spots en a night like this. But you will soon got used to it ; and you will seldom be left quite alone on tho Moss, you know, for there is generally a man on the brow in the ngine-house." " So ah reckon. Ah con drop in thoer neaw an' again when I want a emook an' a chat." "Of course," Levi romarked, and then, after a momentary pause, he added, " You're a Lancashire man- 1 can tell from your tongue. Bannister-but not an Orsden Greener, I think ?" "That's reef, Meeter lilackehaw," was the ready response, "Ah were born au' bred up Otvdhsm way, hut when ah was a y'ung chap ab coom drawn ' ere, an' ah lived at Hfodley an' Ioo a goodish bit. " Yon worked in the pits, I euppoBo ?" " Reet yo are, melter. Ah worked i' th' pits as lad an' mon for o'er forty 'ear ; and when ah geet too owd for that theer eoart o' wark ah had to do some'at, yo' known." "Of course., of course. And is this your first visit to Orsden Green-I mean the first time von have ever stayed hero or worked here Î" "That's so, meeter. Ah'd heor'd abeaut O'sden Green mony o' tah mo, but ah connut say that ah were ever here afoor t'other day, when Mester Wells took me on." " You would hear all about the remarkable way in which my nnole, the late Aaron Shel vockedied, I daresay t" Ulacksbaw remarked. " Well, sir, ah did hear some'at. Ah connur read, yo' known, an* wfiat ah did get to know abeawt it WSB jos' what ah heer'd t'others readin' int' pappers," " Well, it was strange, to say the least ; and perhaps stronger still that the former watchman, whose place you now fill, should have died in a drunken fit the same night." " Neaw, that was strange, " the old watch- man cried with some show of interest, as he finished his meal and proceeded to fill an old clay pipe with cut twist. " Rut," he added, philosophically, as he lit a scrap of paper at the fire and hold it above his blackened cutty, "ah s'posc we a' han to goos when eawr tahmc comes." 41 The last watchman we had," Levi broke in, with a faint smile irradiating his dark face, " went before his time bad come. He was an old soldier, too, and one would have thought he w&B; afraid of neither the living nor thc dead. But he did not stop many weeks ; was afraid of ghosts, so I have heard some of the villagers say, and you got his shop. I hope you are not afraid of ghosts, Bannister." "Ghosts, obi" the watchman cried, as he puffed noisily at his pipe. " Not me, mester, I've a lump o' oak in't corner theer as'll shift anythin', ah reckon." Levi laughed aloud as his glance followed the sturdy old chap's finger. Then, as ho buttoned his overcoat up to the throat, he Baid : " Well. I'll say good-night to you, Bannister, and finish my stroll. May drop in again somo other night, as I often take a turn about tho colliery and thc Moss. Good- night." " Good-neet, sir. Shall bo gradely fain to sec yo' again anny tahme yo're this way." Blackshaw nodded, drew back, and went into the night, closing the door after him ; and when thc patter of his feet had died away tho watchman sprang erect and glided softly, lightly, across the flags with which the small room was paved. Between tho coruer of the room and thc door he paused and bent low, for a small object scintillated in thc interstices of thc rough flags. That glistening spot had attracted his eyes for tho first time some moments before. Then he might not have seen it had not he followed Blackshaw's wandering gaze as it roamed here and there over tho place. He tugged at the object with his fingers for a moment or two in vam. It was hard, smooth, of metal, and had been crushed between thc flags with some force as if a heavy heel had pressed it home. In an instant he had whipped out his clasp-knife, inserted thc strong blade beneath tho object, and prized it forth. Then ho went back and stood beneath the lamp, examining his find. Thc shining article in his palm wus a small disc of gold, about tho sizo of a threepenny piece, and evidently a portion of a broken sleeve-link. Ou thc upper surface was a small shield, on which were graven ornately the two letters " LB." On thc under surface was soldered a crushed aril twisted link of a thin gold chain. It had c idently been snapped from its fellow hyforcc i I a greater force still had wedged tho disc 1\. -, .reen thc flags. 'L.B.," the watchman muttered lowly. " L'hosc are the initials of my visitor. TUÍBÍS a portion of tho sleeve-links Aaron Shclvockc Soecntcd to Levi Blackshaw last christmus. ow carno it herc ? How long has he been wedged in between those flags T Did ho loso it here ? And wus he looking for it when I caught his eye ? I will find out." He crossed the floor again, aud in a moment had pressed back thc diso in its former place. Then turning down the lamp a little he went forth upon hie nightly vigil. Passing the narrow flight of steep steps by which the brow was reached, the watchman went along thc waggon road beneath tho screens. As be passed a half- filled waggon he beard footsteps, saw a man's form loom up in front of him, aod again be and his late visitor stood face to face in the semi-darkness of the place. " Good night, Bannister. I'm just return- ing," cried Levi genially, as before. " By the way, have yon a match or a light ? I want a smoke, and have forgotten my match-box somewhre." " My lamp has gone eawt, sir," the watch- man replied ; " air ahm jus' gooin' to th' fire holes to leet it again. But yo'li get a leet in my cabin, Mester BlackBhaw, if yo're gooin' that way. Th' door isn't locked, sir." "Thanks ; good night. Am sorry to trouble you further." They went their ways, and an hour later Adam Bannister returned to h¡B den. Slam- ming the door, his eyes glanced along the narrow space of flags. Tho shining spot was no longer visible. A low laugh fell plea- santly from the watchman's hairy month. "Good good! That is something won already. Mr. Levi Blackshaw has found his propertyand carried itoff. Thatbitof gold may mean much." 