Thomas Jarvis Interviewed. On Thursday afternoon, our repre sentative made his way to the humble homo of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year- old baby, and his face declared him to bo one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to con valescence. In reply to tho preliminary questions he said ; “You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I “ How long were you suffering?” “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pilt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in fail ing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced lo give up my billet at tho Glebe Island.” “ What were the symptoms?'* ““Simply indescribable. Tho pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like (is if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else, I was incessantly shivering and shaking and could neither cat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However,' he gave me an order to tho Director of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did you make use of the order ?” “No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, nnd only a question of days when I give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all ho could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the comclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or progressive locom otor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of goit, and difficulty iu co- ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten yoars, and that I might never got tho use of my legs. (Just then tho patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tho advertisement describing the cure effec ted in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the “Australian Workman,” by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Palo People. I read in tho advertisement of a caso which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are per fectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mo before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.” “He is a 100 per cent better,” said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. “ The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him.” A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. “I can now,” continned Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all tho feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work ns a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in tho very pink of health and strongth to work at that trade. I am bettor to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribo all tho change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is n box of opium and morphia pills which tho doctor gave mo to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer noed them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at tho change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.” Such is this remarkable history, nnd it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers .of this country of the as tonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as antenna, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in tho back, nervous headache, etc. 