Extraordinay Case GHOST BAFFLES CONSTABLES. An extraordinary adventure befel Constable Harland and a supernumer ary Constable early on Saturday morning. Harland and his mate were paffrolling along Clisdell-strcet, Strawbery Hills, Sydney. There is an untenanted house on the corner of Dawson and Clisdell-itreets, formerly occopied as a hotel. The police usu ally give strict attention to empty houses, to prevent the fittings from being stolen. Harland was just in the act of pointing out the premises to his mate, whom he was showing roond (he. beat, when the pair despied something black sitting on the door step. At first sight it looked like a houseless vagrant asleep. The offi cers approached, ana Harland stretched out his hand to grasp the bundle teben it rose up gently before (he astonished policemen and vanished through the thick door. Determined to solve lb? .rayptejy they started I round tkeaback to explore. Aa en trance was effected tr the deserted boose by a back door, and the officers drawiiitt ttielrj batons, started to dis cover itm Wh'^feabo^tii of the ghostly intruder. A match was- struck, and by glimmering .light they groped forward*# the^taira i. bight in front of them, siuinjp'otuhe stairs, wholly onconwrped, ,tU.e. apparitjon they had befana #een disMUipearing through the doorway,- " Both officer* went for tbeghpst with their batons, but at that cntYcal moment it vanished be fore their e^e^ And flitted into one of the auartments of the first floor. For abtfbt ft guurter of an hoar (he police fc.ftpt ' up t'jie cfiate, but only with indifferent sacceai—now from one room to another,- then down siaira,'taokj.agua-r in fact, all qver the hottMrthe' unearthly marauder aped, rtrtth ^hb fltfiCBrs »ery close be hind, without, however, setting to cfoio quarter*. Di»heartene,d and discouraged,:, they returned downstair* leaving' this vhott u they - imagined going ihrougn tome acrobatic rvtr tions jn of" of tbe dpstairs room*. Intent upon, looking round, however, they tavi the ghostly visitor following in their wab", and becoming scared tbey took to their heels'/ The officers deicribe the apparition as being of a most extragraiofljy appearance; it had a pair of Sappers like a seal—'the upper part towards where the head ought xq^ejjtifcs ehveloped with what looked'Hkfl. Ws/ , 