Women'sCIiristian Temper ance Union. The following is the President's address which was read at a meeting of the W.O.T.U. held at Jamestown on Wednes day, Jane 9 : — Dear Sisters and Friends.— We meet to gether to-day with a glad sense of comrade ship, and as Bisters of a world - wide organisation, whoBe one aim above all others is to promote the welfare of oar brothers and eiBters. We believe in the doc trine of universal brotherhood. We strive to remove temptation from the paths of others. When we hear of one woman in oar midst who has been imprisoned 189 times for drunkenness is it not time we were more in earnest to prove me nonesiy of oar professions. How little do we ap preciate the work that waits and waits, be cause we do it not. The brewer, if we are not careful, will be doing more than onr selveB, for he makes the good temperance drinks. Bnt with many the drink crave is so strong they cannot help themselves. Do we strive to do all we can to help them by patting temptation oat of their way ? Do we bind ourselves that others may be free ? Let ub just think for a moment on out name— Christian Union. Is Christ in our hearts or on our Up3? Do we let Him have the pre-eminence in all things ? Are His services joyous to us ? Can we each say His work is more to me 'than the physical comforts of my life? Are our meetings strengthened by the presence of viators and friends? If we are to eay yes to this question onr gatherings must always have a character and an enthusiasm of their own. Let joyous faces and shining eyes prove onr happiness ; these are better than any words we may apeak. Even when Panl and Silas had their feet in the stocks they sang praises to uoa. i*et oe forget even our own sorrows and grumble not, so shall we uplift others. Only thuB ?hall we be a power for good in the world ; only thoB communicate our faith to others in breaking down the stronghold of Satan. Let us each strive to live the life of Christ. Only then can we say, ' 1 have not wasted my day.' But our union is one of women as well as of Christians. Let us each re member, dear asters, to the women was the commission given to bear the joyful intelli gence that Jeans had risen. Ordained by the Lord Himself, they were the first mis nonaries of the resurrection. They carried His message to the disciples, and testified to the vision of angels ; testified that they had seen Jesus. Oh, let ne each strive to appreciate the great freedom allotted to women, the glorious privileges of woman hood and motherhood.' We must try to remember the 68tb psalm which that noble woman (Mrs. Booth) translated correctly, *«The Lord gave the word, the women publishers are a great host.' We may take with us these words of the psalmist as we enter the scene by the well side where Jesus holds the longest conversation re corded of Him. How highly favored ib this nameless woman. How honored in the pages of Scripture, as she eteps out of a life of selfishness into the kingdom of grace. But cutely it was her greatest privilege to be permitted to work for the advancement of Christ's cause. We may learn a lesson from her life if we watch her enthusiasm as she leaves the well, and publicly proclaims her loyalty to one who had brought her into loving sympathy with Himself. Henceforth she testifies of Him, and would invite all to come to Hie feet. Sorely her experience is full of hope for us. A nara^e' woman is to proclaim glad tidings and arouse a slumbering city. This indeed is a startling announcement to the world of a change of the customs which had hitherto restricted the work of woman. It waa the achievement of a great victory, tne tnumpn or a mignty principle, we ao well to consider it to-day. The disciples looked on and marvelled that Christ should even talk with the woman publicly. But with what strange emotions must they have followed His steps as He led them into the ?city, where a great rewvtl had already be gan under the influence of a Samaritan woman. a W8KQ1 flsc not lessor xqcd, Dwelling In affection's bower; They are joyous queens to men, Tfw?gj|tp fjjg 3l]gb£St pOWGZ.** But while some may deny the worth of wemen, who can deny the debt to Christ she owes? It has been very truthfully said, 'Man does not owe to Christ that peculiar tribute of affection and loyalty that woman does.' For in relation to her His mission has been twofold. He has not only saved her son], bnt restored her to her rightful position, cherishing and develop ing her powers of service and raising her oat of the false position to which she bad been degraded, to her true station in the scale of humanity. ' 1- have called you friends,' said the Master, and we cannot doubt hii meaning, lie is indeed our friend, who sticketh closer than a brother. The other day a kind visitor asked s mother, ' How can yon get on with so much sickness in the house and no help P' ' Oh, if I were not on talking terms with the Lord Jesus I could never get through. He never forsakes those that put their trust in Bim, and He helps me.' Yes, tired, weary mothers and sisters, He loves you, and will carry all your burden for you if you only let Him. Then we shall be able to live out the love of Christ in holy, happy service, and be able to trust Him in the dark, as well as in the light, knowing that ' all things work together for good to those who love and serve the Lord.' In taking a general survey of the past year we have cause for praise. The long depression and dry season have told on our finances, and many of our members have left for the West through the scarcity of work. But we are not discouraged, for we know our principles are steadily, slowly but surely, winning their way, and out work is better understood. So let us take courage, for He who leads as is almighty. We can praise God for much earnest prayer, patient effort, and precious seed. Often we have blundered, but ' mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good' — that ie, our Father's promise to us who are striving to help our brothers and sisters. The W.O.T.U. recognise but one code of morals. The persistence with which certain men oppose woman's ad vancement forces one to the conviction that they fear lest if we have onr way we may make t' a world too good for them to live in. Ot a:jly, we wish to raise the regions tone. We should be glad if we could transform the universe by putting temptation out of the way of the weak who have not the power to help themselves. Bnt the opposition of our own sex might well discourage us. The world's evils are a standing: reproach to women who live self-centred lives. Bat there are some who, not content with being passive, express a disdain for the women who do that which they have not the courage to do. There are some who argue that home is woman's sphere, yet constantly go to the theatre, the ballroom, and the concert; they will even sing in public. Those ignore the fact that social festivities take more time than philanthropic meetings. It is not more ein ful to spare an hoar to help our fellow creatures than to amuse ourselves. Many will extend the hand of friendship to a man of wealth and position without regard to his character, and turn with disgust from his victim. The W.C.T.U. recognise but one code of morale — a white life for two. None of us live in this world with out our influence telling on all around us, no matter how insignificant we may feel. So with bowed heads and open hearts let ue each offer ourselves to the Master. We can do no more, and we dare do no less. I wonld therefore urge every woman to unite in the world- encircling prayer that, at the hour of noon, rises like a cloud of incense from hearts that know life's highest hap piness in the secret sacrifice. The truest life found for ourselves is the life laid down for others. Believe me faith snd love shall win. Is not the Father almighty ? Let us then organise the motherhood of our land. For organised motherhood, could, ought to be stronger ? Is it not the bravest, the most Bteadily enduring force the world has ever known ? If all the mothers of the world were only banded together for the protection of their homes and children, how much happier would be this world of ours ? A mother's love ' suffeiB long and is kind, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unBeemly.' It is not above looking after the little things of life. Let us each strive to preach the gospel of health end purity. Let as study closely the connection of these with temperance and with here dity. Let us make sure our homes are well ventilated, and as mothers and sisters let us remember that good cooking and bright faces help to keep our loved ones from temptation. May we each strive to help our loved ones to realise the 6anctity of the body as the temple of the Holy Ghost. May we all ask help to enable us to im press this thought upon them as the incen tive to obeying His command — 'Keep yourselves pure.' So let us go forward doing our best and trusting in the Lord. He never dies. He never breaks a promise, Be is everlasting strength. All human strength fails, but the divine strength is eternal, if our truet is in Him and- we look to him. It sftall be done, not it may. Have you ever thought of this my sisters, that we often hinder our Father from pour ing on us His blessings through our unbe lief P So let us trust, and not be afraid. Oh, what a satisfaction it is to think that our service is not rendered to man only, but is done for and accepted by the king of kings and lord of lords. Our work is full of difficulties and temptations, but look up, there is one with us who can lessen onr difficulties and strengthen us in the midst of temptation. Only let us do our work heartily nnto the Lord, and not nnto man, knowing that of the Lord we shall receive the reward of inheritance and the blessed — ' Well done good and faithful, inherit the crown prepared for thee.' So we will trust Him at all times and pour out our hearts before Him, knowing that intemper ance shall ce:«e from the face of the earth. Our sisters h ve gone all around the world. Y\ ' AH around the Trorld the ribbon white is twined, AJ1 around tie worid the light of God has shined, AH round the wodd oar cause has right of way, Well take the world for Christ's own kingdom some glad day.' So let us each strive to fight sin by preach ing ChriBt. We will fight ignorance by our talks on heredity or hygiene. We will fight disease by ministering to the sick, and as antidote to distress we will strive to teach sobriety and thrift. At our mothers' meetings we will strive to teach lessons of cleanliness, health, and purity, and we know truth must prevail. Truth, £niotG to ground, shall rise qgafnj The eternal yeais of God are Her'sP 