XhefollaviHK appeared ! air heeeud Edlrien eii Saturday, EMnof Mm City of Brisbane. \- Deadlock Maintained. Tlie Brisbano .Municipal Counoil mot on Saturdoyfrirthdfourthtimo, for the purpose of olocting a. Mayor, and again without success. Tho nldormon entered tho council chamber nt 11\. Ju u.m. lucre was an: equally largo, but much quieter audioneo .than on previous occasions. The Town Clerk (Mr. W. H. G. Mar shall) said that on Monday last Aid. M 'Master and Thuriow were proposed as Mayor, and tlie voting was equal. : Aid, Ol'arK' said this, was "tho third wook for which the council hud beon ocoupied with tho question of electing a Mayor. Ho thought it was' timo something definite was dono in the'interosts of tho citizens, and of tho city generally. He had endeavoured as consistently us ho could to support a certain gentleman for the position. Unfortunately, tbo propo sition of 'that gentleman hud not mot witli tbo approbation of a majority of tho coun cil. There wore two candidates before tho eouneil. Now thoy wore all aware thut a vote was to bo takon in tho city on March 4 on tho question of borrowing £80,090 for very important works. It hnd boon pointed out to him by influenlutl citizens interested in tho welfare of the city that tho vote . and tho works were being on- dungeredby tho council's having no executive officer. Ho hud always maintained that to go te tho Government to havo a Mayor appointed was humiliating. Ho was not ono of thoso who believed that tho Gov ernment should bo asked to uomiuuto a gentleman for tlio position. Thoro wore ten nldormon, and it was thoir duty to cloct a Mayor. When ho first ontorcd tho council, and even before then, ho advocated tho election of tlio Mayor by tbo ratepayers. Thoso deadlocks — ho had luid cxxiorienoo of threo or four— would, ho hoped, lead tho legislature to amend tlio Local Government Aot so as to allow tho ratopuyors to perform a duty whioh thoy ought to perform, and which tho council were ovidently not ablo to porfonn. (Hear, hear.) Now, ho wns going to perhaps break faith n littlo with what had beon done in caucus meeting. Ho was not a rroat'lover of caucuses, still they sometimes led to go into places and amoug company thoy did not liko. 1Vlu»t hud beon dono in caucus had been made known outside by somo aldermon. Now ho might say thnt noxt to Alderman M'Muster nnd Thuriow, in a vote tukon ill caucus, came Aid. Feasor. Thoy hud had a good deal of oxperionoo of Aid. Frnsor, and lie hud occupied tho chair for two consecutive years, aud neither the council nor tlio citizens hud had occasion to bo ushamcd of him. Aid. Frosor was not ovor anxious, but ho was prepared to stand in ordor to toy and got nvor the diffioulty whioh existed. Ho therefore movod that Aid. Frasor be Mayor. (Applauso from tho audionoe.) Aid. Gallagher scooudeil the motion. When Aid. Thorno lind proposed Aid. Ray mond ho had seeondod it, hut sinco lio had learned that tlio ratopuyors of Kangaroo Point did not require a Mayor lio lmd to fall back upon his collcngiio. Aid. Frasor hnd been for a number of years in tho counoil, and had ocoupiod tho ohair for two yciirs. Ho would havo liked to havo soon someone elected who. had not occupied tho chair, but . at this juncture ho would support Aid. Frasor. Aid. Tiioene said he did not think there was tho least probability of Mr. Frasor's being oleeted. It was pretty well understood that tho fight was to bo botwoon Thuriow and M'Mastor. It was better they should curry that on, and not start jibbing now. He intended to stick to tho num ho nod voted for. It would bo necessary to liavo a roturning- officcr for Thursday noxt, and he propose, — " Thai Aid. Frasor bo returning- offioor for tho poll to be takon on thut day." That would give thorn timo to look round. Voices : Sottlc it now. Aid. Olabk challenged tlio motion, as being out of ordor. Tho question was then put with tho follow ing rosult : — For Alp. Fbaser, 2.— Aid. Clark and Gallagher. Against Ald. Frasee, 5.— Aid. Thorno, Hipwood, Ruymond, Seal, and Morrow. Aid. Clark said ho had another nomination to mako. Ho was on tho job, straight. (Hear, hoar.) Ho thought it was timo tho council was on tho job too. (Hoar, hoar.) It was quito ovident that tho senior momhors of tho council wore voting in an oxtraordinaty way. Fivo gontlonion had voted for Aid. Frasor boforo. Threo of thoso woro dead now. (Aldermen: "No, only four.") There wero four, und his own vote mado five. It Beoraod that tho council did not wish to dopart from tbo lines adopted by tho sonior aldorinon. - Ho had solcctcd his lovo, bat he maintained thoy had no right to delay this matter uny longer. Ho desired now to give a young alderman an opportunity of testing tho fooling of tho oouueif, and accord ingly moved that Aid. Morrow bo Mayor for tho ensuing, your. Aid. Clark (having seon Aid. Thuriow cross tlio Council Ohamhor to converse with Aid. Thorno) : I think tho ex-Muyor hud hotter sit down. Aid. Thurlow seconded the motion. He felt sure that it would not lie carried, but lio was in duty hound to support his colloaguo. It liud boon tried boforo, but hud failed. If the aldermen had supported liis nomination of Aid. Frasor tlio deadlock would have boon -removed. Tho gontlomon who wero support ing him had dono everything in thoir powor to romovo tho deadlock. But Aid. M'Muster's Aid. M'Habter: You did your best to moro M'Mastcr, not tho deadlock. (Laughter and applauso.) Aid. Thurlow said thnt if Aid. M'Mastor hnd hold up his hand for Frnsor it would have removed the dondlook. As fur us ho could sue the gontlomon who supported him (Aid. Thurlow) hitondod to stund .to him right through. Now lio folt quite justified in taking up Aid. M'Muster's position and fighting it out. Whotlior lie was right or wrong, 'ho left it to tho ratopuyors of Brisbano to say. If tho question had to go to the Govorament ho was prepared to let it go. Meantimo ho would loyally support Aid. Morrow, and if ho wero elected no ono would he more pleased than himsolf. Aid. M'Master said lio would not bo doing either himself or his friends justice if he hold liis tongue any longer. Ho held that it was had form for candidates to mako speeches on oocasions of thut sort, und for thut reason ho bad refrained from making speeches. Aid. Thurlow had said that he aud his supporters had done overything in thoir powor to remove tho deadlock. Thero was u, prinoiplo preached by a party, for whoso opinion ho hud ovory rcspeot, und that was that only an oxporicnood man should bo returnod to tho oliair. It was tho opinion of soma of tho oldest and . most oxporionccd mon, and also of Bomo of tho younger mon, that M'Master should take tho ohair. Nona of thom hud askod him, and ho had not spokan to any of thom. "Why should they who sup ported tho other sido not ho honest, and say straight out, "Wo will nothuvo M'Mastor." Wlion thoy failed to put in their own man, thoy tried to draw the sup port from tho othor sido. Ho was rather surprised at tho speech dolivored by Aid. Clurk, whioh contrasted somewhat with that given by him last Monday. Ho saw no diffioulty so far as wood-paving was con- cernod. He would not say anything at all on tho quostion except that ho was not going to ran _ away. His Bupportors might forsalco him, but lio would not forsalco thom. Having been nominated and supported by that vory oloquont speech of Aid. dark's, hu would look upon himself ns a coward if ho ran away. , (Laughter.) He was prepared to run it with Aid. Thurlow or anyone olso, and ho dared say ho (Aid. Thuriow) would stand tho host oliance if it wont to headquarters. He deprecated that system of sottling tho matter, and announced liis determination, should he bo spared, of supporting in i'urliament nn amending bill providing for a difforcnt motliod of elcoting a Mayor. Aid. Thorns said that when ho proposod Aid. Morrow_at_4he previous meeting, Aid, The Miming appeared In ear Second Edition on Saturday. Morrow said he did not look upon tlio motion as, sincere. Undor the oiroumataneos ho could not voto for Aid. Morrow. Aid. Clark vwonldi'proposo sevorul nldormon, and after- wards,- Of course, thoy would turn round and vote for Aid. Clark. Ho . (Aid. Thorno) wns going to stiok to Aid. Thurlow. Aid. Morrow himself said at the previous meoting thut tho fight ought to be between Aid. Tliuriow and M'Master. Aid. Clxuk said that Aid. M'Mastor could find no 'inconsistency in the 'position ho hud taken up if ho had followed him intelligently. Ho (Aid. Clark) had said, it would be a gvnoioiis and kindly thing to put tho fathor of tho counoil in the oliair this year. But tho point was this: thoy could not got Aid. M'Mastor there. (Laughter.). Now tho noxt question wus wliotlior Mr. Tozer was to lover film there. (Laughter.) Aid. M'Master: Ho is away. Aid. Clark : No doubt Aid. Thome has a thorn in tho flesh this morning — (laughter) — hocauso ho does not seo a ghost of a chance of gottlng oleeted 'himBolf. Aid. Thorne : If I wanted it I would go straight for it. Aid. Morrow . suid that at the previous meoting ho asked that his nomination might bo withdrawn for the renson that ho did not want' to ooeupy a falso position, but to-day ho understood that there wus a possibility that tho deadlock might ho broken, and it was only with that object In view — tho re moval of tho deadlock — that ho now allowed himself to he nominated for tho position of Mayor. "Were ho to consult liis own toolings ho should certainly decline nomination. But ho did not think it would bo right in the interests, say, of his ward woro lio to refuse a position that it wns possible to obtain. Aid. Frasf.r said ho thought tho host thing would ho to allow tho names of Aid. M'Master and Thurlow to go to tho Govern ment, nnd lot thom appoint the bettor man of tho two. Ho hail no doubt thnt if that wore dono tho Government would loavo things as they wore. There should bo no delieuoy in leaving a thing to tlio Government, seeing that the counoil wero unablo to eomo to a decision. If tho council went oil mixing up tho cards thoy might liavo the wrong man getting in. Both Aid. M'Master and Thurlow wero good inon. A voto wns then taken, when four aldermen votod for, and four against Aid. Morrow. Tho voting wus also equal when .the names of Aid. M'Master aud Thurlow were submitted' to tho meeting. Aid. Fraseh : Thero are three horse-j In tho running now. In reply to Aid. Clark tho Town Clerk said that counsol's opinion had beon taken on tho question of a returning- ofliccr for the loan poll. In reply to a further quostion tho town clerk said ho whs of tho opinion that tho timo for denting u Mayor would expire at noon on Saturday, March 6. After a somewhat prolonged and disorderly debate, tho council adjourned until Monday at noon. 