AN IRON CONSTITUTION. A genius in Tonawanda, N. Y\ has cohstructed an electrical man. It is made of steel aod furnished with a storage battery capable of holding elec tricity enough to run it twenty-four Honrs at a time. Of course, it isn't alive, and yet for aH ordinary purposes it can fill the office of a man. In some respects it will be an improvement on the ordinary man. It won't swear, ateal, nor talk finance at toe store while ooe's wife does washioe and kills potato bags st home. Io fact, it doesn't talk at all. This quality wonld have made it an excellent pre sidential possibility iu the earlier parts of tbe season. The inventor of this modest and un assuming creature is a man of wealth, aod will immediately engage in toe manufacture of electrical men on a large scale. We cannot have too many of them. In case of military conscription a better substitute can hardly be con ceived. Should we become embroiled io a war with any European monarchial effeteness, it would only be necessary to send an army of electrical men sg&inBt; them. Such troops wonld need no over coats ; neither would they be susceptible to sunstroke. No matter what con fronted them, they would trudge right ahead. The Six Hundred tbat under took to drive Russia out of the Crimea, aod whose foolhardiness gave Tennyson such a nightmare of meter and rhyme, wouldn't stand a ghost of a Bfaow in a race for fame along with a regiment of freshly charged, eteel-ribed electrical men. Here is your ideal soldier. Tile electrical man can be put to many practical nees, such as plowing for the farmer and doing odd chores around the house. Several of the eastern cities have a surplus of women. They will be unable to find husbands without going west. Of coarse, no one will claim tbat as a husband an electrical man would be preferred to a man of flesh and to bacco, But when a woman findB herself slowly slipping down the decline of spinsterhood, she's not apt to be squeamish about ber partner having sccb superficial accomplishments as a talent for music, a flowing penmanship, or tbe ability to nse cuss words. Every family will undoubtedly soon have an electrical man to take care of the bees, arrange the line fence with the adjoining neighbor,and to be interviewed by book agents. Drees one in petti coats - and a more desirable chaperon could hardly be imagined. Let ns all extend the hand of fellow ship to oor iron brother. 