GREAT BRITAIN. ANNUAL PILGRIMAGE YORK. TO The annual pilgrimage to York, under the auspices of the Guild of Our Lady of Ransom and in honour of St. William, Archbishop of York, and the York Martyrs, took place on Tuesday, 8th June. Special interest was attached to the pilgrimage from the fact that H.R.H. the Rev. Prince Max of Saxony was to preach the sermon at St. Wilfrid's Church, where High Mass was sung at 10.30. The Bishop of Middlesbrough pontificated in the morning at the Lady altar in St. Wilfrid's Church, assisted by the Rev. Fr. Sammer, and the Prince of Saxony celebrated Mass at the Church of the English Martyrs. St Wilfrid's Church was crowded to excess at High Mass, and for the first time in the history of the pilgrimage a Bishop was present. The Rev. Prince Max of Saxony, in his sermon, said that no fitter time could have been chosen for that pilgrimage than the glorious octave of the holy feast of Pentecost. All great things had been done in the Church in the name and by the power of tiie Holy Ghost, and so the work of the conversion of England could only be done in the name and by the power of the Holy Ghost. If He had not given the Apostles strength to preach everywhere, and to testify without fear throughout the world, and if He had not touched the hearts of those to whom they preached, all human labour would have been in vain. Whoever had worked for the propagation of the kingdom of God here on earth had worked in the name and by the power of the Holy Ghost Thirteen hundred years ago England was eonverted by the Holy Ghost, Who inspired the saintly Pope Gregory to send missionaries over here with St. Augustine, and Who touched the hearts of this noble nation to receive the Catholic faith. But the unfortunate land lost the true faith some centuries ago. but they hoped that it would recover it again, and be converted. But if England is to be converted it could only be done by the hope and power of the Holy Ghost. He must touch the hearts of "the English people or all labour would be in vain. To touch the hearts of men was beyond their power. The Holy Ghost only could do that, but if they did all in their power to get it, the Holy Ghost would make them instruments of His grace, and if they became fit instruments, He would touch the hearts of those to whom they had to preach. If they wished to become instruments for the conversion of England, the Holy Ghost must first of all fill their hearts interiorly, and, secondly, move them to speak exteriorly. Having dwelt on the fact that the Apostles were filled with the Holy Ghost, his Royal Highness asked if" St. Patrick. St. Augustine. St. Boniface, and St. Francis Xavier, the Apostle of India, -were ' riot filled with the Holy Ghost ? If Cdtholjcs wished to do anything for the coajfersion of England, they, too, ngjst bK%<jNfilled, or else they could not filftp otBere^ if they were not themselves 1 convinced of the truth of tifeir s Religion they could not teach others to believe. Therefore, the ; C-liurtfh,had commanded with great prudence and wisdom that all those who had to preach to others, who had to work for the Kingdom of God, should prepare themselves for years with prayers and silence. Of course, they could not expect to receive the Holy Ghost in such a measure as did the Apostles and other saints, but because they could not expect such an extraordinary thing from God they must, therefore, determine the more to use all the ordinary means which were necessary to become full of the Holy Ghost, and full of faith and charity. First of all, they must be men of prayer, with their interior lives filled with the truths of their holy faith, and then would their faith become vivid and their lives such that out of their plenitude they would be able to fill others. The times in which they lived were not times of prayer. Host of the people lived for outward things; they lived external, superficial, and worldly lives, but if they wished to do anything for the conversion of England they must pray. At the same time, they must believe their faith—their holy religion—strive from day to day to know it better, and seek instruction in it. They need not fear that their faith would be in danger if they studied it deeply, for the more they studied it the more would they find how sure was its foundations, how true it was. If they studied the Catholic Church they would see how wise, how grand she was. His Royal Highness pointed out that the Apostles spoke and speak still, first by their words, secondly by their writings, and thirdly by their lives and examples. They to whom he was speaking could also preach by their lives and the examples they gave to the world. A sermon in a life was much stronger than a sermon in words. If they wanted to do something for the conversion of England they must do the same as the Apostles—they must speak, but not before they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Those who were not so filled, and tried to teach others, did more harm than good. Then they must speak so loud that- every; man must hear it. It was first of ml the duly of the Bishops and priests of the Catholic Church to speak and to C reach, but if the laity helped them, It ould be a great comfort to them. t There were many good laymen in England who had spoken for the Catholic Faith, and have been blessed wha much fruit. They must not only speak In public, but in private. Everyone Iiad an opportunity of meeting Protes tants in daily life, and they could give a good idea of the Catholic -Faith, and so clear away prejudice and doubts. Those, too, in the case of, mixed mar riages, and who had Protestant relations, had great opportunities*to speak in private, and if they did so God would reward them. They must also write in defence of the Catholic Faith. It was a sad fact that so much of the literature of the world was anti-Catholic and anti-Christian. It was the fault of the world that they would not read Catholic books, but it was also the fault of Catholics that thev did not write more strongly, for if they did the world would read the books, and acknowledge them. Thev should have books for the educated of the world, and for the working people. They must also speak by their lives, and by the examples they set. If all Catholics in the world would lead good lives, the enemies would be compelled to become dumb. The best sermon for the conversion of England was to lead good lives. If they did that the Holy Ghost would come over them with His sevenfold gifts, and would touch the hearts of those to whom they had to preach. They were come that day to pray for the conversion of England at the tomb of the holy Bishop St. William of York, and at the tombs of the glorious martyrs who had been faithful sons of the Catholic Church, and had shed their blood in her defence. His Royal Highness spoke of Ezekiel's vision of the valley of dry bones, and said many such were slain in this country—slain by the spirit or darkness, slain by heresy ; but they hoped the hour would come when the dry bones would hear the Word of God, and let them cry to the Holy Spirit as the prophet did, "Come. ()ii Spirit, from the four winds and breathe over the slain, and let them live again." and if they so prayed God would hear their prayer. After Mass the Rev. Philip Fletcher (Master of the Guild of Ransom) announced the programme for the day, and thanked the Bishop of Middlesbrough for his presence, and Prince Max for his sermon. He also announced that his Holiness Pope Leo XIII. had granted an indulgence to all who devoutly made the pilgrimage to York. The pilgrims then, by the kind permission of the Dean of York, paid a devotional visit to the tomb of St. William in the Minster, and thence went to the Pavement, where Blessed Thomas Percy, Earl of Northumberland, was beheaded on the 22nd August. ir.~2. They also visited St. Mary's Convent, Micklegate Bar. in order to venerate the relic of St. Margaret Clitherow, and thence walked to Tyburn. Here the pilgrims were addressed by Rev. I'rince Max and Fr. Dolan, and the hymns, " Martyrs of England." " Faith of our Fathers," and " Hail Queen Of Heaven " were sung. The pilgrimage closed with Benediction at the Church of the English Martyrs. 