THE CHRISTIAN. By hall caine. AUTHOR OF "THE MANXMAN." VII.— (Continued). "The train got to Peel as the sun was setting behind tho grim old castle walls, und when I saw tho dear little town again 1 dropped half a tear, and even felt, an insane desire to run out to meet it. Cirandfather was at the station with old i,acsar unci tJie pony cAiiiut,c, aim ,vi»cu i liuu done kissing him and he had done panting and pulling and talking nonsense, as If I had heen Queen Victoria and the Etnpres3 of the French rolled into one, I could have cried to see how- small and feeble he had become since I went away. We could not get off Immediately, for in hla simple joy at my return he was hailing every body, and everybody was hailing him, and the dear old Pharisee was sounding his trumpet so often in the market-place that he might have Glory of men that I thought we should never get up to Glenfaba that night. When we did so at length, the old aunties wero waiting at the gate, and then he broke into exclamations again. 'Hasn't she grown tall? Look at her. Hasn't she, now.' Whereupon the aunties took up their parable with, 'Well, well! Aw, well! Aw, well, now! Well, ye navar!' So that by the time 1 got through I had kissed everybody a dozen times, and was ns red over the eyes as a grouse. "Then wo went into tho house, and for tho first five minutes I couldn't tell what had como ovor the old place to make it so small and mean. It was just as if tho walls of the rooms had heen the bellows of a concertina and somebody had suddenly shut them. But there was the long clock clucking away on the landing, and there was Sir Thomas Twiddles purring on the hearth rug, and there were the same plates on tbe dres ser, and tho same map of Africa ovor the fire place, painted red where my father died. "Tho moon was glistening on the sea when I went to bed that night, and when I got up In the morning the sun was shining on it, and a crow cut across my window, cawing, and I heard grandfather humming to himself on the path be low. And after my long spell in London, and my railway journey of the day before, is was tho same as if I had fallen asleep In a gale on the high seas and awakened in a quiet harbor some where. , , , "So here I am back at Glenfaba, in my old Uttlo room, with my old little bed, and every thing exactly as it used to be, and I begin to be lieve that when you went into that monastery you only just got the start of me in being dead. There used to be a few people in this place, but now there doesn't seem to be a dog left. All the youngsters have 'gone foreign,' and all the old sters have gone to — 'goodness knows which. Sometimes we hear the bleat of sheep on the mountains, and sometimes the scream of seagulls overhead, and sometimes we hold a convocation ot all living rooks in the elms on the lawn. Wo take no thought of the morrow, what we shall eat or what tve shall put on, and on Sundays whou tho church bells ring wc go out like tho Israelites In tho wilderness In clothes which wax not old after 40 years, though they may be a little out of fashion. During the rest of the week we watch tho blue-bottles knocking their heads stupidly against the ceiling, and listen to tho grasshoppers whispering In the grass, and fall asleep to the hum of the bees, and awake to tlio hee-haw of old Neilus' 'canary' (donkey). Such is tho dead- alive life we live at Gleufaba, and tho days of our years are three score years and ten, and If— o-lioy! (a yawn). "I suppose it is basely ungrateful of mo to talk like this, for the dear place itself Is lovely enough to disturb ono's hope of paradise, and this very morning is as fresh as tho dew on the grass, with the larks singing above, and the river sing ing below, and clouds like littlo curls of foam hovering over tho sea. And as for my three dear old dunces, who love me so much more than I de serve, I am ashamed in my soul when I overhear them planning good things for me to eat and wild oxeltements for mo to revel in, that I may not bo dull, or miss the luxuries I am accustomed to. " 'Do you know, I'm afraid Glory doesn't care so much for pinjane after all,' I heard grand father whispering to Aunt Anna one morning, and half an hour afterwards he was reproving Aunt Rachael for pressing me too hard to servo at tho soup kitchen. "They govern me like a. child in pinafores, and of course like a child I revenge myself by govern ing all the house. But, oh, dear, oh, dear, gone are the days when I could Uvo on water gruel and be happy In a gocart. Yes, the change is In me, not in them or in the old home; and what is tho good of turning back the clock when tho sun Is so stubbornly keeping pace! I might be happy enoubh at Glenfaba; still It I could only bring back the days when the garden trees wero my gymnasium, and I used to rock myself and sing like a bird on a hough in the wind; or when I led a band of boys to rob our own orchard — a bold deed for which Bishop Anna ofttlmos launched at me and at all her suffragans her severest censure; It was her slipper I remem ber. But I can't run barefoot all day long on tho v/et sand now with the salt spray blowing in my face; and a young lady of one and twenty seldom or never rushes out to play dumps and baggy-mug In public with littlo girls of ten. "As a result my former adventures are now limited to careering on the back of little Caesar, who has grown so ancient and so fat that he waddles like an old duck, and riding him is llko working your passage. So I confine myself to sitting on committees, and being sometimes sat upon, and rubbing the runes for grandfather and cleaning the milk pails for Aunt Anna, and eve-l such holy kill-times ns going to church re gularly, and watching Neilus when he is passing round tho plato after 'Let your light bo shine be- foro men' — light to his practical Intellect being clearly a synonym for silver in the shape of threepenny bits. "But, oh, my! Oh, my! I am a dark charac ter In this place for all that. The dear old good ies have never yet said a syllable about my letter announcing that I had gone over to the enemy (i.e., Satan and the music-hall), and there is a dead hush In the house as often as the wind of conversation veers round In that direction. This is nothing though to the white awe In the air when visitors call, and I am. questioned as to how I earn my living In London. I hardly know whether to laugh or cry at tho long drawn breath of relief when I wriggle out of a tight placo without telling a lie; But you can't hide an eel In a sack, and I know the truth will pop out ono of these days. Only yesterday I went district visiting with Aunt Rachel, and one of tho Balaams of life, who keeps a tavern for fishermen, lured us into his bar parlor to look at a portrait of 'Gloria' which he had cut out of an illustrated paper and pinned up on tho wall, 'be cause it resembled me so much!' Oh, dear! Oh, dear! I could have found It In my heart to brazen It out on the spot at this sight of my evil fame, but when I saw poor little Auntie watching mo with fearful eyes, I talked away llko a mill- whccl, and went thanking God that the rest of tho people of Peel wero not as other men are, or oven as this publican. "I liavo heen getting newspapers myself, though, sent by my friend Rosa, and as long as tho mis-reporters concerned themselves with my own doings and failures to do, and lied as ten derly as an epitaph about my disappearance from London, I cut tliera up and burnt them; but when they forgot mo and began to treat of othor pooplo's triumphs I made Neilus my waste paper basket, on tho understanding that tho pa pers were to go to the fishermen Just homo from ICInsale. Then from time to time ho told mo they wero 'Goln' round, Miss, goln' round,' and gave me othor assurances of 'the greatest circu lation In tho world,' which was true enough, certainly, though the old thief omitted to say. it was at the paper mills, where they wero being turned Into pulp. "But, lioigbo! I don't neeil newspapers to re mind me of London. Llko St. Paul, I have a devil that beats me with fists, and as often clear day comes and one can see things a long way off, he makes me climb to the top of SI leu AVhalliu (a mountain in Man), that I may sit on tho beacon hy the hour and strain my eyes for a glimpse ot England, feeling like Lot s wire when she looked back on her old home, and then coming down with a heavy heart and a taste of tears In my mouth as If I had been turned into a pillar of salt. Dear old London! But I sup pose it is going on Its way just as it used to do, with Its tides of tralllc and Its crowds and car riages, and wandering merchants and liawkers crying their wares, and everything the same, just the same, although Glory Isn't there! 10.110 p.m. . "I had to Interrupt tho writing- of my letter this morning owing to an alarm of Illness seizing grandfather. He had been taken with a sudden falntness. Or course we sent for the doctor, but before bo arrived the falntness had passed, so he looked wise at us like a prize riddle which had to be guessed before his next visit, left us Ills auto-, graph (a wonderful hieroglyphic), and went away. Since then grandfather has been in tlie hands of a less taciturn practitioner, whom he calls the 'flower of Glenfaba' (that's me!), and alter talk ing nonsense to him all day, and playing chess with him all nlglit, I have put liim to bed laugh ing and come back to my own room to finish my letter with an easier -mind. For tho last half hour tho aurora has been pulsing in tbo northern sky, and I have been thinking that tbe glorious phantasmagoria must be the sign of a gale In heaven, just as sleet and mist and black wind are tho signs of a gale on earth. But it has trip ped ore into nothingness, and only the dark night Is left, through which the dogs at Knockaloo are keeping up their private correspondence with the dogs at Ballamoor, by tho medium of their nightly howls. "Oh, dear! Only 10.30! And to know that while we are. going to bed by country hours, with nearly everything still and dead around us, Lon don is just beginning to bestir Itself! When I lie down and tiy to sleep I shall see the wide squures, with their statues of somebody inside, and tbe blaze of lights over the doors of the theatres, and all the tingling life ot the great and wonderful city. Ugh! It makes one feel like one's own ghost wandering through the upper rooms and across tho dark landings, and hearing tho strains of the music and the sounds of the dancing from the ballroom below stairs. "But my goodness! (I can still swear on that, you see, and not be foresworn), YVhat's the odds if you're jolly? and 'I alius is!' How's your dog? Aline would write you a letter, only her heart is moribund, and if things go on as they are doing she must set about making her will. In fact, she is now lying ot the foot of my bed think ing mutters out, and bids me toll you that, after various attempts to escape Home Rule, not being (like her mistress) one of tbose natures made perfect through suffering, she In only 'kept alive by tho force of her owu volition' in tills j house, that is full of old maids, and ' lias nothing better in it than one old | eat, and he Isn't worth thunting, being destitute of a tail. Naturally sbe Is doing ber best (like somebody else) to keep herself un- I spotted from that wcrid which is a source of so 1 much temptation, but she is bound to confess i that a little 'divllment' now and then would help her to take a more holy nnd religious view of life. "I 'wish you happy' in your new enterprise, but If you arc going in for being the champion of woman In this world of her wrongs, I warn you not to be too pointed in your moral, for there is a story here of a handsome young curate whe) was so particular in the pulpit with 'Lovest thou me?' that a lady followed him Into the vestry, and ad mitted that slio did. Soberly, it is a great and noble effort, and I've half a mind to love you for It. If men want women to be good, they will bo good, for women dance to the tune that, inen like best, and always have dono so since tho days of Adam, not forgetting that gentleman's tempta tion, or yet his excuse, about 'the woman Thou gavest me,' which shows ho wasn't much of a husband, anyway, though certainly ho hadn't much choice of a wife. "My love to dear old London! Sometimes I have half a mind to skip off and do'my wooing myself. Perhaps I should do so only that Rosa writes that she would like to come aud spend her summer holiday in Peel. Haven't I told you about Rosa? She's the lady journalist that Air. Drake Introduced to me. Rut let's to hed. Said Sleepy Head. "P.S.— Important.— Ever since I leftTondon I have been tormented with the recollection of poor Polly s baby. Sho put him out to nurse with tho Mrs. Jupe you heard of, and that person put him out to somebody else. While the mother lived I had no business to interfere, but I can't help thinking of the motherless inite now, and wonder ing what has become of him. I suppose that Jike Joshurun, he waxeth fat and kicketh by this time, yet it would be the act of a man and a clergyman ron„yu.(Y I","1 talie UP n»' neglected duty and 3 business to see that there is somebody B a Tb» r m 'T'' Cl,1, (!' Mrs' JuPe's address Is Ltacolo's'lnn F' g'nS frm Ho,born int (To bo continued.) 