JS THIS A MIRACLE. an m.l'v. vikws on tiik .sujukot. what mil. j.auouil-lkadku m'oowkn knows. irnm the ' Australian Workman. Mk. J. .S. I. M'Gowkn, leader of thu Lihour party in thu N.S.W. Assembly, was interviewed by our Jnpurtcr in connection with tho remarkable case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis uhich was given some few- weeks ago iu this paper and which is given below. Mr, M'Gowen ways he bus known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that hu hud to give up his work at Glebe Islaud abattoirs twelve mmitlisngo, owine to a maladv which he dcvuloned. Nn wards heard thut J »rvis was bedridden, and thut there was little chance of his recovery, llo under stood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incur able. Mr. M'Gowen was, thereforo, like everyone else who knew the facts, astounded utlhe complete recovery of Jarvis. Thomas Jahvis I.ntkkvikwkd. Gu Thursdoy uftci noon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis 45 Crown- lane Ultimo. He wus discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be ono of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and able to uuswer the knuck ut tho door. Although pale uud hearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was clear thut ho wus un invalid ou the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to tho preliminary-questions, he said : "You want to know all about my case? Well, 1 am glad of au opportunity to tell you. Tho facts may lie of value to those who are stricken as I was." " Ilnw long wero you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I gut so bail that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About live years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a hath iu Fitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the tuuhuly 1 was forced to give up my billet ut the Glebe Island. " What were the symptoms ? " Simp'y indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world liko us if a saw wero cutting my hones in two in every part of me. 1 had no control over my bowels or binder, and I was a nuisance to myself uud everyone else. i wuh iucesftautlv shiveriiiL' and Kliulciii<r .,,.,1 neither eat nor sleep. Ou Lhe 23rd of March last 1 saw a well-kuown doctor and ho told me that my case was utterly helpless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." 44 Did you make use of the order?' "No; 1 came home and went tubed, and hive b-'oti pretty well iu bed ever since. Five week go I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, 1 could not get out of bed. 1 felt theu that it wu all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to case the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six week, lie came to the conclusion that I w-u suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxia, a disease of tho spinal cord, characterised by a peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co- ordinating voluutury movements. Ho told mo that I might last for ten year, and th.it I might never get the use of my legs. (Just theu the patient moved his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion h not infallible.) Well, just us a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure eth-cte I iu the ease of another boiler- maker ill England, which I re.d in the "Australian Work " by Dr. William' Pink Pill L,r Pale People, I read iu the advertisement of a case wdiich seemed to fit my own, I determined to give the Pmk Pills a trial anyway, ami sent for a a box. Tlie etleet was marvellous as it was magical. 1 was able to eat aud sleep us though nothing whh the matter with inc. It was the first appetite and rest I had tor many day. It was incredible. I immediately left thu bed and was able to move about. 1 huvu taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now Inking the fifth box. 1 can walk about with the aid of a stick, and urn gradually but surely, recovering my former vigour uud validity. You see those crutches then?? They are perfectly new, and I havo never used them. They were made for mc before 1 got the Pink Pill, but I wan too weak to us ft them, and now I don t want them. All I want Jh this stiuk, and I hope soon to do without it. You HIM! I am rapidly regiining my strength.1 " ile is 100 pur cent, hotter," said Mr. Jarvis, who had come iu and taken the baby on her knees, 44 Tho Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him," A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten y..j,rs younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. 44 1 cttu now," continued Jaitvis, 44 havo a cold bath, -and nil tho feeling has como bnck in my c88. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be ablo to resume work as a boiler-maker, nnd you know A havo to bo in tliu very pink of houlth and Btrougtn to work at that trade. I am better to-day than 1 have been at any time duriug tho past fivo I ascribe nil the change and benefit to these link Pills. They have saved my life. I am iu no now, whatever, and feel like a new mun. On tho muntlcpieco thcro is a box of opium and morphia pills which tho doctor gnvo mo to deaden tho excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer uced them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in ipo. They can hardly believe their eyes. My beio about again has caused quite a sensation out here.' Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in ull tho chief newspapers of this country of tho astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor uiaxy, partial paralysis, and spinal liiuuase, also the many disorders which arise from impoverished stato of blond, such as antomia, palo and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortucss of breath, pains in the back, nervous hcudauhc, etc. Nakromikk Puhlicj School.— The tender of Mr. A. Patteranu (£97 7s 7d) has been accepted for additions to the Nurromiue Public School. Fuhnitukk Sale.— Ou Wednesday next, Mr. G. H. Taylor will sell at Mr. Gibson's rcsidcnco, Spt-noe's Terrace, a quantity of household furniture ull good and new. Plenty of Patients. — At the present timo there are 19 patients under treatment at tho Dubbo Hospital. Thi is the lurgest number which has ever been iu, aud it can he roudiiy understood that the nursing staff is kept pretty busily engaged. Mil J. O. Machattik. — The friends of Mr. J. O. Maclmttie, J. P., will be pleased to hear that tho condition of this gentleman has much improved. Hu is not yet ublo to leave his room, but he is getting on very well, — very much better indeed than was anticipated. The MuHsngcries Maritimes steamships are the IllUbk UIJIIIIUI IUIUU lit. &. u -» u booked through to Lundon, uud English iB spoken on board. Write for full particulars to company's office Queen's Corner, Pitt-Street, Sydney. Ansiveilsahy Day. — Holiday excursion tickets from ail stations to ull stations, except locally on the suburban systems, will be issued on tho various lines, commencing with tho day trains Ieaviog terminal stations on Friday, the 22nd inst., and continuing thereafter until the 26lh, both days included, the tickets being uvuiluhlo for return until February 8th. Exoukmons to the Mountains and Seaside.— At the request of many residents in the hot districts, the Railway Commissioners have arranged fur tiie issue of special cheap excursion tickets from Boutke, Wellington, uud intermediate stations on January 22ud, February 5th, aud February 19th, full particulars of which nro announced. Tu Cooler Climes.— At tho request of numerous rcKiduuts in the warm districts desirous of escaping to the seaside or tho Mountains, special cheap excursions will leave Dublin at 5 40 p. in. on Friday, Jiuumy 22nd, February 5t!t and 1 9th for Syduey (for Manly, Congee, and other marine resort?), tho return f ireM from Dubbo being 46. first-class and 23\. seeoixl-clahs, and the tickets availablo for return within three weeks from date nf issuo. Cheap excursion tickets will uIbo be issued to Orange, Emu Plains, uud intermediate stations in the Bluo Mountain dLtrict. AU who suffer with languor and depression dur ing the hot weather cannot find a better doctor than Liver Pills uud Quinine and Iron Tonic. To ho had only from C. J. Adams, M.P.S., Chemist, Dubbo (opposite Flour Mills). Auk you thinking nf visiting the ohl country? If so, go by the MufsngoiicH Maritimes, thut is tho French Mail steamers. See their list of sailiogs published in thin piper mid write for full particu- lars to company s uihee, Qttecu s Corner, Pitt-strcot Sydney. Travelling Stock and Camping Reserves.— The member for Dubbo (Mr. S. Phillips) has received thu following letter from the Under- Secretary for Lands: "Sydney, 16th January, 1897\. Sir,— With reforenco to the letter of tho 6>h inst. from the Bullarbigal Progress Committee (Mr. A. W. A. Rootle, Hon. Secretary) urging that all travelling stock uud camping reserves within the colony he withdrawn from lease, I havo tho honour to inform you that a Bill dealing with travelling Rtock and camping reserves is now under eotiHideiation." Dunno Hospital. — A special meeting of tho Committeo was held at the Town Hull, ou Friday ovening. The President (Mr. G. II. Taylor, J. P.) who occupied the chair stated he had convened tho meeting for the pur pone of considering a letter from the secretary of the Polo DIuh. The letter was to the effect that tiie Club intended to hold a meeting on the Show Ground ou Anniversary D.ty, nnd tho proceeds will he fur the benefit of the Hospital. They asked the President to convene a meeting of ladies, who would supply and sell tea, cakes, and light refreshment. After some discussion, it was resolved that while the Committeo was in thorough sympathy with the Cluh and desirous of in every way uidlug it, they thought it would he butter if the Polo Club Committee made all the arrango- incuts. Dr. liaynes brought under notico the euro of a patient sent in by thu Gilgandra police. Sho was a young girl, who fallowed every signs of dementia, and she was a great anuoyance to tho other patient. The doctor was authorised to make arrangements for the care of tho patient outside the Hospital. The meeting then ended. Colemank'.s Euoalyptk. — CoJemuuc and Sons, tho Euculypto extract manufacturer at Coota- inundra, offered last season to preseut a gold medal each to the best shearer in tho colouies by hand and by machine. Tho Sheurct's Uuion wero to conduct the contcRt, and Jack Iluwe, tho uotcd shearer of Bluckall, Queensland, has Becurcd both piiz»'H with 321 by huiul and 237 by machine; each in cicht hours. Drnno Polo Cll-ij. — A meeting of this club was heiil at the Royal Hotel, on Saturday evening, Present: .Messrs. A. Mack, J. P. (in tho chair), H. C. Cent worth, \\\ . Binning, R, B, Mackenzie, T. R. Baird, Dr. Hayties, A. A. West, J. \V. Si 1 1 nr. W. \\\\\ (bird. A. Bti«hv. H Hi.tma 1? M FDulier, J. G. Brown, J. A. Barry, and tho Secretary (Mr. II. C. Antill). It was decided that a meeting of ladies willing to preaido at tho tea room lie convened for Wednesday at 4 p.m. at tho Town Hall. It was arranged to sell the booth, &c.;, for the sports. A programme was drawn up which appears in thi issue. The premier remedy for all afloctions of the eye is Aduui'a celebrated Eucalyptus Eye Lotion, prepared from a receipt ucd oxtunsively in tho Sydney hospitals. Prico Is. 6d. per buttle. To be Iiai! only from C. J. Adams, M.P.S., Chimiet Dubbo (late Davenport and Gralimn.) Narkomink Post and telktirani Offices.— Tho following h'tter, dated January I5ih, has beou received by Mr. S. Phillips, M.P., from tho Deputy Postmaster General : " Advcrtiug to my communication, dated 17th ultimo, in reply to yours of the 10th idem, suggesting tho udviaubility of using local cypress pine for the cottage proposed to ho erected for a post and telegraph nfiico ab Narrnminc, I am directed to intimate that tho Postmaster-General has accepted tho teuder of Mr. & Charles Ibker, of Hamilton, for tho erection at a cost of £465, conditionally on local cypress pino being substituted for the imported timbers specified except for do-rs, sashes, &o.;, and joinery, the work to he cumph'tod iu four months. A Cadet' Strange Death, — Henry Campbell, 15 year, won of Mr. Henry Campbell, Eenaweena Station, ili.'d in the Goulhurn Hospital ou Thurs day morning from peritonitis. Deceased had been attending tin- SOuth Goulhurn Public School, nnrl was a member of the cadet corps. Ou Monday while returning from the rifle range, deceased and another hoy were skylarking, and ho received a playful blow in tho ahdumen with tho muzzle of a gun. Peritoniti resulted, uud the deceased was emitted to the hospital. The Dubbo Pharmacy for superior quality and reform prices. C. J. Adams, M.P.S. (late dispen ser at the Prinea Alfred Hospital), Chemist, Dubbo opposite Flour Mill. Sore Eyes. — Sufferer aro again advised to procuro a supply of Morris's Imperial Eye Ointment whiuh is beyond doubt tho safest nnd best known remedy for all eye troubles, Ifc reputation extends over a period of fifty years and is continually growing iu popularity as a wonder- fully rapid and soothing remedy. When tho oyes feci sore through dust, ilies, heat, excessive reading or writing, exposure to cold, &c..; lose no time in using the Ointment, immediate relief is sure to bo | experienced u„d Herinu8 results avoided. Got it to-day. Sold everywhere. Pots 2s, 