THE COCK LANE GHOST. Man? of our readers have heard, or read, of the ' Cock Lane Ghost,' one of the most criminal frauds ever prac tised, but few, we think, are aware of ;?«, h;Cfnra At the commencement of the year 1760, there resided in Cock lane, near West Srnithfield, in the house of one Parsons, the parish clerk of St Sepulchre's, a stockbroker named Kent. The wife of this gentleman had died in childbed during *he previous year, and his sisterin 8aw, Miss Fanny, had arrived from Norfolk to keep his house for him. They soon conceived a mutual affection, an«J each of them made a will in the other's favour. They lived vome months in the houso of Parsons, who, being a needy man, borrowed money of his lodger. Some difference .arose betwixt them, and Mr. Kent 'left the house, and instituted legal proceedings against the parish clerk for the recovery of his money. While this matter was yet pending, Miss Fanny was suddenly taken ill of the smallpox, and, notwithstanding every care and attention, she died in a few days, and was buried in a vault ?under Clerkenwell church. Parsons ?now began to hint that the poor lady had come unfairly by her death, and that Mr. Kent was accessory to it, from his too great eagerness to enter into possession of the property she had bequeathed him. Nothing further was «a4d for nearly two years ; but it would appear that Parsons was of so revenge iul a character that he had never forgotten or forgiven his differences with Mr. Kent, and the indignity of laving been sued for the borrowed .money. The strong passions of pride «nd avarice were silently at work j ? :_„ .11 t.ha.t interval, hatching XlUnmt ?Hfc t*a*«s»v ?'? »o» ? —- f ? — ^ *cben»es of revenge, but dismissing ihem one after the other as impractic able, until at last a notable one sug gested itself. About the beginning of the year 1762, the alarm was spread over all the neighbourhood of Cock Lane, that the house of Parsons was haunted by the ghost of poor Fanny, and that the daughter of Parsons, a girl about twelve yeara of age, had several times seen and conversed with the spirit, who had, moreover, informed her that she bad not died of the small pox, as was currently reported, but of poison administered by Mr. Kent. Parsons, who originated, took good ?care to coantenahce these reports ; and, Sn answer to numerous inquiries, said tiis bomse was every night, and had been for two years, in fact ever since the death of Fanny, troubled by a loud knocking at the doors and in the ^aUs. Having thus prepared the ignorant and credulous neighbours to believe or exaggerate for themselves what he had told them, b« sent for a ..gentleman of a higher class in life to icome and witness these extraordinary occurrences. The gentleman earaeac ^rHJmrlv. and found the daughter of PanonSj to whom tho spirit alone ap peared, and whom alone it answered, In bed, trembling violenty, having just Men the ghost, and been again in formed that she had died from poison. AlowJ*'06*'^ waB als0 teard f rom .every aart of the chamber, which so uyrffie* the not very clear under standing of the visitor, that he de parted, afraid to doubt and ashamed to ?believe, but with a promise to bring 4he-3*rgyn»M» of the parish and several ?other gentks«»en on the following day, *o report upon -&e; ? On tbe following night be returned, bringing with him three clergymen, sand about twenty otJier persons, in cluding two negroes, mbtn, opojr a ?consaltatmawitb Par«»s,they resolved «o sit up the whole night, and await -the eho*t'« arrival. It was then er- i Dlainea by y*rMB8' th*t a1*00^ the '\ ghost would new render itself visible ; ^V *o any body but bis daughter, it had ' \«o objection to answer the questions J Chat might be put to It by any person present* ana that it expressed an affirmation by one knock, a negative by two, and its displeasure by a kind of scratching. The child waa then put into bed along with her sister, and the clergymen examined the bed and the bedclothes to satisfy themselves that no trick was played, by knocking upon any substance concealed among the clothes. As on the previous night, the bed was observed to shake violently. After some hours, during which they all waited with exemplary patience, the mysterious knocking was heard in the wall, and the child declared that she saw the ghost of poor Fanny. The following questions were then gravely put by the clergyman, through the medium of one Mary Frazer, the ser vant of Parsons, and to whom it was said the deceased lady had been much attached. The answers were in the usual fashion, by a knock or knocks : — 'Do you make this disturbance on account of the ill usage you received from Mr. Kent V ' Yes.' ' Ware you brought to an untimely and by poison Yes.' ' How was the poison admiuietsred, in beer or in purl f ' ' In purl.' ' How long was that before your death ?' ' About three hours.' ' Can your former servant, Carrots, give any information about the poison ?' ' Yes/ ' Are you Kent's wife's sister ?' 'Yes.' ' Were yon married to Kent after your sister's death ?' ' No.' ' Was anybody else, besides Kant, concerned in your murder V ' No.' ' Can you, if you lika, appear visibly to any one t' ' Yes. ' Will you do so ?' ?' Yes.' ?' Can you go out of this house t' ' Yes.' 'Is it your intention to follow this chQd about everywhere 1' ' Y»s.' ' Are you pleased in being asked these questions I' ' Yes.' ' Does it eue your troubled soul J' 'Yes.' [Here there was heard a mysterious noise, which some wieeacro present compared to the fluttering of wings.] ' How long before your death did you tell your servant, Carrots, that you were poisoned— an hour 1' ' Yes.' [Carrots, who was present, was ap pealed to ; but she stated positively that such was not the fact, as the de ceased was quite speechless an hour before her death. This shook the faith of some of the spectators, but the examination was allowed to continue.] ' How long did Carrots live with you!' ' Thrs* or four days.' [Carrots was again appealed to, and said that this was true.] 'If Mr. Kent is arrested for this murder, will he confess.' ' Yes.' ' Would your soul be at rest if he were hanged for it }' 'Yes.' ' Will he be hanged for it i' ' Yei.' 'How leng a time first I' 'Three years.' ' How many clergymen are there in this room t' 'Three.' ' How many negroes J' ' Two. ' ' Is this watch (held up by one of the clergymen) white t' ' No.' 'U it fellow i' 'No.' 'Is it blue J' 'No.' 'Is it black?' 'Yes.' [The watch was in a black shagreen caie.] 'At what time this morning will yon take your departure t' Th« answer to this question was four knocks, rery distinctly heard by every person present; and accordingly, at four o'clock precisely, the ghost took it* departure to the Wheatsheaf public house, close up, where it frightened mine host and his lady almost out of their wits, by knocking in the ceiling right above their bed. The rumour of these occurrences very soon spread over London, and every day Cock Lane was rendered impassable by the crowds of people who assembled around the house of the parish clerk, in expectation of either seeing the ghost or of hearing the mysterious knocks. It was at last found necesswy, so clamorous were they for admission within the haunted precincts, to admit those only who would pay ,a certain fee, an arrange ment which was very convenient to the needy and money-loving Mr. Parsons. Indeed, things had taken a turn greatly to his satisfaction ; be not only had his revenge, but he made a profit out of it. The ghost, in conse quence, played its antics every uight, to the great amusement of many hundreds of people, and the great perplexity of a still greater number. Unhappily, however, for the parish clerk, the ghost was induced to make some promises which were the means of utterly destroying itt reputation. It promised, in answer to the questions of the Ber. Mr. Aldritch of Clerkenwell, tfcat it would not pnly follow the little Miss Parsons wherever she went, bat would aha attend him, or any other gentleman, into the vault anjer St. John's Church, where the body of the murdered woman was deposited, and would there give notice of its presence by a distinct knock upon the coffin. Asa preliminary, the girl was con veypd to the house of Mr. Aldritch near the church, where a large pam -f I- dies and gentlemen, eminent foi their acquirements, their Tank, ort'ieit wealth, had assembled. About tf o'clock on the night of the 1st of February, the girl having been brought from Cock Lane in a coach, was put to bed by several ladies in the house of Mr. Aldritch ; a strict examination having been previously made that nothing was bidden in tho bedclothes. While the gentlemen in an adjoining chamber were deliberating whether they should proceed in a body to the vault, they were summoned iuto the bedroom by tho ladies, who affirmed, in great alarm, that the ghost was come, and that they heard the knocks and scratches. The gentlemen entered accordingly, with a determination to suffer no deception. The little girl, on being asked whether she saw the ghost, replied, '.No ; but she felt it on her back like a mouse.' She was then required to put her hands out of bed, and they being held by some of the ladies, the spirit was summoned in the usual manner to answer if it were in the room. The question was several times put with great solemnity ; but the customary knock was not heard in reply in the walls, neither pwas there any scratching. The ghost' was then asked to render itself visible, but it did not choose to grant the request. It was next solicited to give some token of its presence by' a sound of any sort, or by touching the hand or cheek of any lady or gentleman in the room ; but even with this request the ghost would not comply. There was now a considerable pause and one of the clergymen went down stairs to interrogate the father of the girl, who was waiting the result of the experiment. He positively denied that there was any deception, and even went so far as to say that he himself, upon one occosion, had seen and con versed with the awful ghost. This having been communicated to the com pany, it was unanimously resolved to give the ghost another trial ; and tho clergyman called out in a loud voice to the supposed spirit, that the gentleman, to whom it had promised to appear in the vault, was about to repair to that place, where he claimed the fulfilment of its promise. At one hour after mid night they all proceeded to the church, and the gentleman in question, with another, entered the vault, and took up their position alongside of the coffin of poor Fanny. The ghost was then summoned to appear, but it ap peared not ; it was summoned to knock, but it knocked not ; it was summoned to scratch, but it scratched not ; and the two retired from the vault, with the firm belief that tbe whole business was a deceDtion Dractised bv Parsons and his daughter. There were others however, who did not wish to jump so hastily to a conclusion, and who sug gested that they were perhaps trifling with this awful and supernatural being, which being offended with them for their presumption, would not con descend to answer them. Again, after a serious consolation, it was agreed on all hands that, if the ghost answered anybody at all, it would answer Mr. Kent, the supposed murderer ; and he was accordingly requested to go down into the vault. He went, with several others, and summoned the ghost to answer whether he bad indeed poisoned her. There besng no answer, the question was put by Mr. Aldritch, who conjured it, if it were indeed a spirit, to end their doubts — make a sign of its presence, and point out the guilty person. There being still no answer for the space of a half an hour, during which time all these boobies waited with the most praiseworthy perseverance, they returned to the house of Mr. Aldritch, and ordered the girl to get up and dress herself. She was strietly ex amined, but persisted in her statement that she used no deception, and that the ghost had really appeared to her. So many persons had, by their , openly expressed belief of the reality of the visitation, identified themselves with it, that Parsons and his family j were far frm being the only persons ' interested in the continuance of the delusion. The result of the ezperi- , tnent convinced most people ; but these were not to be convinced by any evi- j dence, however positive, and they there- ' fore spread abroad tbe rumour that the ghost had not appeared in the vault, ' because Mr. Kent had taken care beforehand to have the coffin -removed. ! That gentleman, whose position was a very painful one, immediately procured competent witnesses, in whose presence the vault was entered and the coffin of poor Fanny opened. Their deposi tion was then published ; and Mr. Kent indicted Parsons and his wife, his daughter, Mary Frarar the servant, tbe Rev. Mr. Moor, and a tradesman, two of the most prominent patrons of the deception, for a conspiracy. The trial came on in the Court of King's Bench, on the 10th of July, before ! Lord Chief-Justice Mansfield, when, after an investigation which lasted twelve hours, tbe whole of the con spirators were found guilty. The Rev. Mr. Moor and his friend were severely reprimanded in open court, and recommended to make some pecuniary compensation to the prose cutor for the aspersions they bad been instrumental in throwing upon his character. Parsons was sentenced to I stand three times in the pillory, and to be imprisoned for two years ; his wife to one year's, and his servant to six month's imprisonment iu the Bride well. A printer, who had been em ployed by them to publish an account of the proceedings for their profit, was also fined fifty pounds, and discharged. The precise manner in which the deception was carried on has never been explained. The knocking on the wall appears to have been tbe work of Parsons' wife, while the scratching part of the business was left to the little girl. That a contrivance so clumsy could have deceived any body, cannot fail to excite our wouder. But thus it always is. 