My Musical and Theatrical Recollections. CHAPTER XXIV. (Sydney in 1877— Sir Hercules Robinson (now Lord Rosmead) and Lady Robinson going to church — A nice-looking aide— Our hotel— The Oxford— My next door neighbor, Miss Ada Ward — Julian Thomas, “The Vagabond” — Our four-in-hand — Botany Bay— Botany Bay heaths— Open at the Theatre Royal — “Genevieve de Brabant” — Theatre prices as contrasted with the States — The good memories of the Sydney folk — A House of Call for actors— My full-length portrait in soap — The beautiful harbor— The nostalgic ones in Australia — The station — Damper — Mutton and tea — Mr. “Ted” Lee — A little orphan — My farewell benefit — Presen- tation— Departure for Melbourne. SYDNEY in 1877 was not like Sydney in 1892. I do not seem to remember much about the city. My retros- pective impressions are bounded by George-street, King-street, the stage door of the Theatre Royal, and “Lady Macquarie’s Chair.” We put up at the Oxford Hotel, the proprietor then being Mr. Curran, who gave £5000 to the Home Rule Fund, and is now M.P. for Sligo, and had rooms open- ing on to a balcony, and looking straight over to St. James’s Church, the oldest one in Sydney. I used to watch Sir Hercules and Lady Robinson going to the morning service. Sir Hercules always stood on one side to let “me lady” pass. You see, the door was narrow, and her ladyship was not. There was a nice-looking aide, too — a Captain St. John. Next to the hotel, where the St. James’s block now stands, was a pretty cottage, covered with green creepers, standing in a garden full of gorgeous flowers. The next suite of rooms to ours at the hotel was occupied by Miss Ada Ward, the tragedian, and that well-known writer the “Vagabond” seemed to find a good deal of attraction there. He was a very frequent caller. I remember King- street so well, because we had a four-in-hand, and every day went driving, and we always went down King-street and turned to the left up George-street. George-street seemed to lead everywhere. We found the city very hot, and our first Sunday was passed at Botany Bay. We dined or lunched at the hotel, and lounged about the grounds in the afternoon. Botany Bay had never previously asso- ciated itself in my mind with anything floral, but with other things distinctly disagreeable. When I saw the ground covered with heaths of the most rare descriptions; heaths, white, pink, yellow, purple, red, large waxy blooms, that in Covent Garden cost from 1s to 2s 6d per spray, and big flowers as big as pint pots, and quite as useful, and hedges of geraniums, and trees of fuchsias, then I began to understand that Botany Bay meant flow- ers, not convicts. That was a day to be remem- bered, for as we drove home the sun went down suddenly. There was, to our surprise, no twilight, (no moon, all dark, four horses pretty fresh, a driver new to the country. We were nearly lost. But we got home to the hotel all right. We opened at the Royal, and had a royal time. We began with “Genevieve de Brabant,” but during our stay played the repertoire. I personally made a furore with “Silver Threads Among the Gold,” “I Love Him So,” and “Mar- riage Bells.” The Theatre Royal was not too lovely, and the walls of the pit were greasy from much leaning against. Coming from an American theatre this was the more noticeable. The theatre was crowded every night, but the receipts seemed small after the States, where, in the class of house we played in, the lowest price was 50 cents. Com- ing to Australia, we found that people thought as much of a shilling as the Americans thought of a dollar. Our ladies made the same old sensation. All the boys lost their heads over them, and Miss Clara Vesey, Miss Stella, Miss Slater, Miss Durant, and Mdlle. Sara had great times. There were many husbands in the company, but they were kept in the background. We only played in Sydney six weeks, but the people were delighted with us, awfully good to us, and the impression we made was a lasting one. Why, in Sydpey to this very day people say, “Don’t you remember, Mme. Soldene, when you were at the old Royal? when you played ‘so-and-so.’ You used to do ‘so-and- so,’ and then you sang ‘so- and-so.’ I never for- got that song; I’ve got a copy of it now, some where.” Opposite the stage door of the theatre was a tavern, a regular theatrical house. In the windows, or rather, on the windows, of that tavern I could always see my portrait in every new part, nearly full-length, drawn with soap on the glass. I was very dignified in those days, and I am not quite sure I liked it. But it was lifelike— the artist was decidedly clever. But it was not till I returned to Sydney in 1892 that I knew it was the work of the late Gus Wanganheim, a man I had heard spoken of as “such a good fellow,” ready to help anybody or everybody to the extent of his ability. In Sydney I played for the first time Barbe Blue, and Miss Stella played Boulotte. Lots of people came into town to see “Soldene.” (They “knew me in London.” They had been to the “Phil” “hundreds of times.” They had seen me play Drogan “every night.” They had sent me bouquets “in the old days.” Ah! those old days, “when they ran through all their money!” We were a long way from home, and these were emotional recollections. Fancy! no more money, no more bouquets. So many “stony broke” ones, too. It seemed terrible when people one knew said they had been “up country” in the “back blocks,” in “the bush” for six months at a time, solitary, no letters from home, forgotten, never seeing anything but sheep, never eating anything but mutton and damper, never drinking anything but tea. Well, I’ve had experience since, and I am afraid many of my reminiscent friends were, as the Americans say, “getting at me.” I must have altered since then, for what sounded so dreadful at that time, “life on a station,” seems to me now most delightful. We made lots of friends, and a most particu- flarly nice one was Mr. “Ted” Lee. He told me many interesting things about the country, and how his father was one of the first men to get through the Blue Mountains to Bathurst, and what a wonderful sight it was when they first saw the plains. Like the rest of us, he was a wee bit sporty. I remember he went to Melbourne for “The Cup.” I wired him to put me a fiver on his fancy. He did it, and I won £50. Why don’t I do it now? We had lots of little outings, and I loved to go to Coogee Bay, to sit on the soft sands, to listen to the sighing of the soft winds, and to pick up shells, and pack them in little boxes to take home. No dirty, fussing, puffing, smoky trams in those days, no hotels, no houses, no aquarium, no embankments, no terraces, no improvements; nothing to be seen but the sheep-track, white on the farthest hill; nothing to be heard but the silver seas running up the silver sands. Then on Sundays we went to Sandringham, or Sans Souci, and had such good times. I made collections of shells, enough to fill two scuttles, or dust- bins. I suppose that’s what they did do eventually. Mr. Chizzola went one day on a kangaroo hunt with some Sydney gentlemen. When he came back he laid in my lap the prettiest, softest, dearest little grey darling, with, bright shining eyes, a pretty black nose, tall ears, two short legs, like a rabbit, and two long ones, like — well, I don’t know (I had never seen such legs before), and a very long tail. It was a wallaby, a baby wallaby. Such a tragedy! When he shot the mother at the hunt she had two little ones in her pocket, and so to keep the babies warm they laid the dead mother in the front of the fire, and there the “two orphans” slept all night. The season finished up with my benefit, patron- ised by the Governor and Lady Robinson, and the entourage, the suite, and the elite, and all the city. It was really delightful, and Mr. Sam Lazaar, the local manager, made a speech, and presented me with a jewel casket made of an emu’s egg and mounted in Australian silver. It was beautiful, and I appreciated it very much. We left Sydney with a good deal of regret and some apprehension, for people said, “What went in Sydney was a dead frost in Melbourne,” and we had been so successful in New South Wales that we felt we should be an utter failure in Victoria. CHAPTER XXV. Overland to Melbourne on Cobb’s coach— The driver — The nobbler — The cockatoos— The laughing jackass — Gundagai in 1877— The approach— Holes in the ground — A deserted gold field — The patient China- man — What the goats live on — What we had for dinner — What I left behind — Open at the Opera House, Melbourne — “Genevieve de Brabant ” — My landlady at St. Kilda— The Duke of Edinburgh’s furs— A pretty house close to the sea — Mr. Creswick — An accident to Richard the Third — Why he mar- ried his Australian wife — “La Perichole” and the carpenter’s dog — Old friends I meet — Dr. Neild, the eminent critic — A letter from Brandy Creek — Arrival of Mr. “Johnny” Caulfield — A visit to Mr. and Mrs. Saurin Lyster at Fern Tree Gully. Most of the company went to Melbourne by steamer, and got stuck in the mud outside that charming city, but four of us went overland. Such a journey, on a “Cobb’s” coach, drawn by six young horses, who galloped up mountains and flew down them, driven by coachmen more or less under the influence of the weather. One told us he had been out on a “burst to a wedding, not slept for three nights,” but should be all right when he had had a “nobbler.” We looked forward with much pleasurable anticipation to the “nob- bler,” but were horrified when we saw it — “half a tumbler of whisky.” Our driver tossed it off. He had not overstated its merits. It pulled him together splendidly. Not that it made any differ- ence in his driving, which was daredevil and per- fect, as was that of all the other boys. Fancy a track of soft sand, cut into deep ruts, piled up high in banks, winding in and out huge trees, sharp corners, unexpected fallen trunks, monster up- turned roots, every kind of obstacle, six horses al- ways galloping, the coach banging, creaking, sway- ing from side to side. Then suddenly down we go, down over a mountain as steep as the side of a house, down into and through a rushing, roaring, tumbling, bumping, yellow river. Splash, dash; then, with a “Houp!” “Hi!” and a big lurch, out again and up the opposite side, galloping, always galloping, breathless; the driver shouting, cracking the whip, and the horses shaking the water from their sides, tossing their heads, and jingling their harness. Then out on to the level, soft and springy, covered with mossy turf and beautiful trees, like an English park. Then away over more sand, and we leave the mossy turf and go through sharp, cut- ting, stiff, rusty-looking, tall and ugly grass, growing in huge tufts, far apart. Then we come to a hut, full gallop, and the driver, without any preparation, pulls the cattle up on their haunches, and you might cover them with a blanket, as the saying is. It was all lovely except for the jolting, and my hands were blistered with holding on. I liked to sit on the box, though it made one sick, not with fright exactly, but with excite- ment and the anticipation of some possible calamity. My first flock of flying cockatoos disappointed me dreadfully. They looked exactly like a flock of pigeons. The driver told me that when one was wounded or hurt, and could not go on, the others dispatched him, pecked his eyes out, and tore him to pieces. I fancy I have seen something like that in more civilised regions. We went through groves, forests of gum-trees, where there was no shade, but a delicious perfume. At night we heard the laughing jackasses, making an awful noise, but they laughed so well that we joined in. That’s another circumstance I’ve noticed in more civil- ised regions. At Gundagai there is an immensely long bridge, and we galloped over it in fine style. The approach to Gundagai, like every other mining town I have ever seen, was distinguished by a marvellous display of rubbish of all sorts, old boots, tin cans of every description (they do say the goats live on tin cans), meat cans, milk cans, oil cans, fish cans, fruit cans, old stays, old bon- nets, old hats, old stockings, heaps of more cane, strewn for miles. It takes all the romance out of the scene. Gundagai was surrounded by large, middling, and small heaps of pale red sand. The place was full of “holes in the ground,” empty holes in the ground, as if herds of gigantic fox-terriers had been hunting out their best rabbits. This is the sign of deserted gold diggings. Can anything be more lonely or more miserable? Nothing. I have seen them in gullies in America, in gullies and plains in Australia, in the heart of the mountains of California, in secret places of the Sierras, in little desert places in Nevada; but they are all alike — miserable, lonely, deserted, except by the wily, patient Chinaman, who goes over again the much-gone-over ground, making a Celestial’s fortune out of the white devil’s leavings, and disputing with the thin-legged, big- bellied, bearded goats the abandoned tin cans. Still, at Gundagai there was a nice hotel. We had boiled fowls for dinner, and I left behind some- thing I prized very much — a 5-cent palm-leaf fan I had carried all the way from Cincinnati. We opened at the Opera House, Melbourne, in “Genevieve de Brabant,” and falsified our anti- cipations by making a big success. We lived at St. Kilda, at Mrs. Gardiner’s. She was a furrier by trade, had a business in Melbourne, had pre- pared the furs for his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh when he visited there (1868), and related the episode every day, sometimes twice a day. Some days it was very interesting, other days one found it monotonous; after many days it made one sick. She had a daughter named Mary Jane. I know it, because when that young lady made any juvenile faux pas — and she was rather successful with that sort of thing — Mrs. Gardiner would observe (with a decided in- flexion in her voice, signifying determination), “I’ll warm you, Mary Jane Gardiner; I’ll warm you.” The St. Kilda residence was a pleasant one — a long, low house of one storey, built on piles, with a broad passage running down the centre, and ten or twelve rooms opening off on each side. St. Kilda is close to and looking over the sea — so close to the sea, in fact, that a man-o’-war practis- ing miles away had sent a big shot through the local pianoforte shop just before we arrived. It was a delightful place, but we seemed to have a good many hot winds there. They always gave me a horrible headache. In the same house lived Mr. Creswick, the tragedian, who had just hit them very strongly in Melbourne, and was doing a great business. One night he came home in a terrible state. He had been playing “Richard the Third,” and in the combat got cut on the head and his teeth damaged. He was old, feverish, and fidgety. But we bathed his head, put him to bed, got his teeth mended, and he soon pulled round. During his stay in Australia he married the widow of a well-known Sydney professor, and she, by the force of circumstances, had descended to keeping a lodging or boarding-house. Mr. Creswick lived at her establishment in Sydney, and she first attracted his attention by bringing in his tea in silence, setting it down the same, and retiring ditto. Such a woman, to a studious man, was invaluable. He felt he must possess her for his very own, and they were married. At Melbourne we added two operas to our repertoire — “La Perichole,” with the expurgated last act, and “Girofle- Girofla.” During the rehearsals of “La Perichole,” when Mr. Campbell and I made our first entrance, the carpenter’s dog, a fox-terrier, always accompanied us, and, wagging his tail, sat down with much gravity in the centre of the stage, with his back to the footlights, and at one particular part of my opening song lifted up his voice and gave a gruesome and most dismal howl. This went on for several mornings, the dog always howling at the same place, always paying the same tribute to my vocalisation. It was very funny, and I thought we might utilise it. So for the performance we had a “Toby” frill made for my appreciator. We went on as the street singers, spread our carpet, tuned our mandolins, and com- menced to sing. Directly I began doggy took up this cue beautifully, howling long and loudly. It was great — terrific applause and encore. Every body said, “How clever! Who trained the dog?” Perhaps Mr. G. R. Sims, or somebody else learned in dog lore, will tell me why this dog at that particular part howled in misery and rage, and was a silent and sniffing and sympathetic angel during the rest of the performance. Among the many old friends we met in Mel- bourne were Mr. and Mrs. Plimpton (Mme. Charlotte Tasca), and Mr. and Mrs. Bracy, and among the friends we made was Dr. Neild, who was excessively kind, and wrote most charming notices of our performances. He had a young son (not in the best of health), who took quite a fancy to me, and we used to go out driving together. During my stay in Melbourne, one day I got a letter from a place called “Brandy Creek.” It was from Mr. Weippert, once upon a time of Re- gent-street, London. It was very sad. He said he was there in that God-forsaken place in distress, and needed help to buy a piano to get his living. From his description “Brandy Creek” seemed to me to be about the last place in the world in which a professor the pianoforte should set up his tent. One night I had a most delightful surprise. “A gentleman would like to see me — a gentle- man from England.” It was “Johnny” Caul- field, one of the old Oxford chums, who since those days had married Miss Constance Loseby. But his health failing, he had come out in a sailing ship to Melbourne in search of a fresh fit out. I thought he was a ghost, but taking him home to supper we found he was not. We had a good time in Melbourne. Mr. and Mrs. Saurin Lyster made us socially very welcome. We went out to their delightful place at Fern Tree Gully, drove in a four-in-hand down a “corduroy” road constructed at an angle of 45deg, had a lovely dinner and a lovely day, crept down the gully and saw the huge fern-trees, rode bush ponies over stumps, through and over and under the trees, emulating and nearly sharing the fate of Absalom; saw heaps of cows milked mechanically, and the fine horses sent out to sleep in the paddock instead of in stables. Then in the evening we played halfpenny nap. I lost eleven shillings. Of course; what can one expect, playing cards on a Sunday? We drove home to St. Kilda by the light of the moon, and very nearly had an awful spill. But a miss is as good as a mile, they say. _______________________________________ The British Secretary of State for War has ap- proved the formation of a reserve of nurses to sup- plement the regular nursing service in the army in the event of a war on eny extended scale. The Salvation Army has won another recruit from the stage in Mr. Walter Leslie, a well-known comedian and vocalist.— London paper. 