§£lecteb foctrg. TWO SIDES OF A QUESTION. . [By Pipaki, Christohuroh, Now Zealand.] 1. O, there's spring in tbe dazzling 6uushine and glory in the day, And I in this crowded city am throwing ray life away ; Walls, walls, walls around me, and pavement under my feet, And it's oh for the old bush life again, ana the mountain breeze so sweet. Somewhere out to the northward there is the place for me, Miles upon miles of white gum, and far as your eye can see, Rolling ranges of mountains, and monarch of them all Rises, there in the distance, the summit of Mount Duval. O, for a glorious gallop on Coriander's back Once again, as in dear dead days, along the Uralla track ; My gallant horse for company, the bush with its myriad tongues ; , The sun, the space, and the splendor, and the free, fresh air in my lungs. And the yellow wattle's in blossom and the bush sarsaparilla Wreathes and clings and twists and swings 5! from gum-tree pillar to pillar ; And soldier-birds chatter and squabble up in a bottle-brush tree And a solemn laughing-jackass Iook3 down and cackles at me. And anthills, red and yellow, gleam thro' the weird white stems. Ana everlasting daisies snow tlieir golden dia dems — There's maiden-hair in the cracks of the rocks where the shy snake basks in the sun, And magpies whistle their sweetest, for joy of tbe day begun. Push and crowd aud jostle ! jostle and crowd and push ! O to be out of it, out of it, away in the quiet bush. Away from the roar and rattle, away from the sorrow and sin, The beggar's wine and the pious fraud, dirt, and disease, and din. O voice of the bush that is calling and calling me again, O many-toned voice of the bush ! Must you call to me always in vain '! Shall I never be able to follow to the land that is far and fair ? O who could bide in the city, who was born aud bred out there ? II. There's storm creeping up the valley and rain ou the distant ranges, And ever the wind in the white gums runs its gamut of mournful changes, All in a ruiiior key, and there's gloom on earth and in sky. And of all things dismal I think there is nothing so dismal as I. Gum trees ! Nothing but gum trees ! Miles upon miles of them, With here and there a solitary box, or a bottle brush with its stem Stunted out of proportion, and as the white bark flaps You think of the dead in their winding-sheets, or ghosts of the paat, perhaps ! Nothing to hear, and nothing to see, but gums and a gloomy sky ; Nothing to read, and nothing to do, but dream oi cue aays gone oy. It's oh to pace the pavement, rub shoulders with the crowd, Clasp hinds again with fellow-men, bear greetings long and loud ! Letters ! I've had no letters for a good long month or more ; I The oldest paper's a joy to me— I read it o'er ' aud o'er ; What do I know of politics? ot empires fallen or risen 1 Of 'strikes' or wars? of bills and laws? within the gum-tree prison ! Ignorant ! I should think so ! Lost touch with better men. Live in the bush like me a bit, you'd lose your culture then ! No books, no news, no music, no theatre is here — Your intellect would vegetate like mine, my friend, I fear ! Sometimes, indeed, I dream again of the things I used to prize, ? The sound of a cultured voice once more, the flash of a woman's eyes ; The majestic roll of an organ, the wail of a violin — There's something else in a. city besides its sorrow and sin. O, this is a fair staguation ! I've had enougli of the Lush ; I had too much of the weird white- gum and tbe gloomy bottle-brush ; I somehow yearn for a kindred soul in place of a kangaroo, And I think they'll see me back in town in tho course of a month or two. 