Echoes of the Day. Bt ' Rcihliqht.' Onex-f the problems that constantly vex and worry the soul of the muoh harrassed fruitgrower, is to find some method of dealing with his would-be be nefactors. At the present moment he is threatened with a Vegetable Diseases Bill of such a stringent and appalling character as to occasion no little alarm in the minds of many of our orchardists, | who some of them, would rather endure the pests they have than acquire official supervision that may entail troubles that they can but dimly gness at. In fact it is the opinion of some of the , horticultural gentlemen of this district 1 that to ' treat ' the Legislative | Council and Assembly witb Pans green or some other destructive compound, I would have a highly salutary effect. They gaze aghast at Tasmania, where a vigorous law is in force, — a law that allows fruit-cases to be only once used — (a splendid solution of the ' case question ' by tbe way), and imposes all manner of irksome condi | tions on the growth of fruit. What j they ask, and with no small show of reason, is the good of our being hectored and bullied by inspectors, and taking tbe most drastic steps to banish the Codlin Moth and other kindred plagues, so long as the larva of these insects are continually introduced in wholesale manner amongst imported fruit. Talking of the N.S.W. codlin moth it may be mentioned that this creature is of a mysterious and spook like character, inasmuch as tbe indi vidual is seldom met with who has actually seen an adult moth ; though, as in the case of ghosts, you may find people who know somebody who has seen the weird visitant. The N.S.W. variety has three generations in a season, one laying eggs in tbe blossom, another being found at a later stage in the fruit, and another attacking peaches and plums. However, it is after all a significant fact tbat Tasmanian fruit as sent to this colony is now entirely free from the pest. A somewhat amusing mistake was made by a public schoolmaster in this district, tbe other day. The worthy pedagogue was daily expecting a visit from the Inspector, and had bis scholars brought well up to their annual educational zenith in viow of the prospect. One day, as the teacher was engaged with some of his senior scholars in putting an extra polish on their historical knowledge, there strode to the weatherboard shed, where the process was going on, an imposing looking, bearded, anu well-dressed indi vidual. ' The Inspector,' muttered the Schoolmaster, and bade the chil dren make due obeisance. 'Pray go on,' said the visitor graciously, ' I'm deeply interested.' Thereupon tbe teacher took some of 'his best-drilled pupils through a series of carefully prepared questions on, let us say, tbe anti-Hebrew proclivities of King John, and his experiments in dentistry, the unnecessary discoveries of Capt. Cook, and tbe rise and progress of the Active Service Brigade. After an anxious half-hour spent in this way there came a pause. 'Thank you, very much,' said the courteous stranger, ' and now let me ask you if you — if you've ever thought of insuring your life t I represent,' etc., etc. ? Tableau. Tbe opinion entertained by some branches of the Fruitgrowers' Associ ation, that tbeir representatives in the Central Council, should vote only according to the instructions of the local branch from which they are des patched, is exactly 'on ^par with the Labour Solidarity Party'siclea. Carried out to its logical conclusion, the motion would eventually do away with the very existence of all central representatives governing parties. For it is obvious that no useful purpose could be served by a number of gentlemen sitting to gether in an assembly or Fruitgrowers' Council and there listening too, and tak ing part in discussion and debates, if they were absolutely incapable of conversion from tbe creeds tbey represented, on tbeir entrance, and must, when every thing has been said, vote exactly according to the dictates of the caucus or branch association from which they I emanate. Clearly a representative chamber made up of helpless delegates like that wftuld be an unnecessary worry and expense. All tbat would be necessary,' if legislation were to be placed on such a footing, would be for each of tbe caucuses to write down its views on tbe questions of the day, and tben the votes could be collected in 'the speaker's or the chairman's hat, and the will of the majority would be law. Which would be local government with a vengeance on a new and improved plan 1 It wonld only remain to take one sbep rartner, and let every individual throughout the state do just as he ' dashed well pleased. And then, and 1 only tben, in the opinions of no incon siderable section of . (be community, wonld life be really worth living and the miltomnm get mrly under way. 