TOPICSOFTHE WEEK The excuse put forward by the Lands department for its recent worrying of selec tors in arrears with tbeir rent6 proves that while it may have the best intentions it lias no judgment, and certainly no tact. Mr. Pest's fault is in not seeing that the advice the department gives him is bad. His intentions, too, are doubtless of the -bent." The arrears are admittedly large, but their largeness is evidence of depart- , mental laxity and carelessness in the past. A competent landlord would not have per-1 niitted his tenants to get so far behind, j and when the time came for putting on the J screw he would know whom to apply it to. The reason given for calling the selectors i to account in November, when they have j no money, i6 that on a previous occasion, j when the department waited till after the j harvest, it found that the selectors had spent the proceeds of the crops in paying I off more urgent creditors than the state, j Does this refer to the threatening circulars i sent out in March several years ago? Can! the Alinister or his department contrive no better method of getting in arrears than one which produces a general scarc, and eeeiqB to numbers of unlucky farmers to be exceedingly heartless? An efficient land lord would know which of his tenants were shamming and which hard up. The depart ment appears to need to bring the selectors up in batches, like criminals, before a board | in order to iind out what it ought to know | for itself. It claims to have discovered that i in some cases the original selector has de- j parted, and the mortgagee is the person in! default with the progress payments. Yet J we have heard of unfortunate mortgagees as well as unfortunate selectors-widows and others who have lent their littfe savings to a selector and then been left with the farm on their hands. Nice dis crimination, the exercise of considerable care, and some firmness are required for the getting in of the arrears, but the depart ment thinks the plan of issuing warnings wholesale, and giving the selectors all round a shock, the easiest way (for itself) of per forming a disagreeable duty. No better proof of the inefficiency of the depart mental method is needed than the fact that each time Mr. Best has resorted to strong measures lie has had to cancel his notices and try to explain them away, till now it seems as if he may be bluffed off every time lie has to get any money in. The commission which is showing up the ex[>ensivcness and cumbersomenees of the law has already made it clear that Parlia ment indulged in some of its clumsy joking when (on the advice of the judges and the legal practitioners) it adopted the new sys tem of jurisprudence, and when, some time later, on its own account, it put solicitors end barristers on the same footing. Liti gation is more expensive than ever. Mr. Ciillott says that this is in par£ due to the rise in barristers' fees, but barristers' fees form but a small part of on ordinary bill of costs. There has been an enormous and, to a large exteut, useless multiplication of forms of procedure, in which may be in cluded the examiuing and cross examining that goes on before the trial under the name of the putting of interrogatories. Typewriting brings in heavy profits to soli citors. The natural result of the making of litigation expensive is that there is less of it. Barristers and solicitors alike com plain of want of business. People who have 1° go to law are bled freely, and people vho cannot afford to go to law mus.t put UP with unrighted wrongs. There ought jo be no such distinctions, by the way, as barrister" and "solicitor," for has not parliament made the twain into one? But in the metropolitan district barristers and solicitors pursue their separate callings the same as ever, and Judge Chomley testifies that firms of solicitors have found out neat methods of playing into each other's hands and "marking" each other's briefs. This, jvc presume, takes place in country dis tricts, and the litigant, who was to be 8ayod the need of employing both solicitor and barrister, finds under ttip new regime Wiat lie img ^ employ two solicitors. An other interesting fact brought out in Judge Uioniley's evidence is that County Oourt juuges spend much of their time in mere' travelling. "X have just come off a journey I of ],000»milcs, and the actual business in' court did not occupy half-an-liour." Tins docs not prove County Courts are not re quired. The same thing might be reported by police magistrates. What do we pay police magistrates to do? To travel by rail. There are so few magistrates, and their courts are so far apart that more time is occupied in going from one place to an other than in sitting on the bench. Some day enlightenment will come to Sir George Turner, and he will see that by cutting down the number of police magistrates and enlarging their districts he has really made railway passengers of them. The County Courts sit so seldom that in some districts | it really does not pay to commence actions, hence the scarcity of work there now and j then is for the judges, who must go the ] rounds even when there are no cases for them to try. It is made out that the public at large lias been alarmed and scandalised by the recent decision of the Full Court excusing Mr. Lormer, J.P., an extreme prohibitionist, from adjudicating in case6 affecting hotel keepers. Yet at the meeting convened at the .Alliance rooms last week to sympathise with Mr. Lormer, only 40 persons mustered. If the attendance was small the speaking j was warm. The proceedings were a fine ex ample of prohibitionist one-sidedness. Up to ] now the Full Court has only dealt with Mr. Lormer, the individual. The extremists say j the decision excludes all teetotallers. If all! teetotallers talk like the gentlemen who took ] part in the discussion in the Alliance rooms, a prima-facie case would be made out favour of general exclusion. But there are I teetotallers and teetotallers-men who, by the practices they observe and the influence they exercise, are doing much in a quiet way to build up resisting forces to the tempta tion to drink; and men who do the cause of temperance lasting harm by preaching forms of coercion which grown-up citizens , will not submit to. At this meeting of sym-1 pathisers, nothing would satisfy Mr. M. W. Green but the passing of an act of Parlia ment reinstating Mr. Lormer on the bench, | and prohibiting the Supreme Court from inquiring whether or not any magistrate is biassed "because of his views on temper ance, political or social questions." The Supreme Court was inspired in the Lormer case by the sensitiveness which makes the 1 judges themselves reluctant to 6it in any case in which they have the faintest shadow of interest. Such sensitiveness causes the public to respect and believe in the judges. But the prohibitionists want to make use of the courts they have access to as vantage ground. What honourable motive can be at work in Mr. Lormer's case when he forces bis way on to the bench, when the parties coming before him regard him as a pre judiced magistrate? The inconsistency of the extremists is brought out by the fact that they praise Mr. Lormer for going be fore the commission to get certain ill-be having justices of the peace condemned, yet they disregard and treat as of no conse-1 quence the finding of that very commission j that Mr. Lormer is himself biassed. All the Full Court did was to accept the finding of the commission and give it effect. The ex tremists are themselves too one-sided to be shocked at one-sidedness, and Mr. J. W. Hunt shows it by denouncing Parliament for refusing to pass in a hurry an act to put witnesses under a cloud on the same level as honest men, because the evidence of wit nesses under a cloud was the principal thing that Mr. Lormer had to rely on to sustain some of the eharges that he made in liis haste. | The most momentous question before the public just now appears to be the road to the Melbourne Cricket-ground. Corre- ] spondence proceeds between the Minister of j Lands (who does not give the whole of his time to tihe getting-in of selectors' arrears) and the Mayor of Melbourne. It is con ducted on cacli side with a view to the effect it will "have when published. So eager are the parties to appear in print that the Minister hands a copy of his MS. to the press before the original reaches the mayor, and the mayor sends his reply (written after office hours) to the Minister's private residence, in order to be able to say that the original was delivered before the press got its copy. Here is the way in which Mr. Best sets forth the complex issues requiring to be dealt with when such an event occurs aa the stopping of Mr. Stoddart's team at the park gate when they want their cabman to drive them to the M.C.C. pavilion. "It is quite clear he (gatekeeper) liad some spe cific instructions from someone as to the limits ol vehicular traffic to which he was to permit en trance. otherwise he could scarcely, entertain . .misunderstanding' of instructions. As no such in structions were conveyed by the Board of Land and Works; and, as that board was never even consulted with regard to 'coirecting the diffi culty, the responsibility of explaining the matter still rests with the City Council. The represent*, tlvcs of the club are, no doubt, distinctly at variance with the gatekeeper with respect to Ins statement with reference to the instructions, but the absence of any denial on his part that he had ??rain according to instructions, first stopped the waggonette containing the amateurs of the English tearnTtlien admitted It, and finally blocked the en tSni of the professional members of the team, in the opinion of the Minister of Lands, lends ad- i dUional and striking, support to the assertion oi the club's representations. And, if further testi mony were needed, I am assured it can be abun dantly furnished." The Minister graphically describes the in conveniences which might arise through people being detained while-the g&tckeepei; is wondering what he should do Imagine a number of persons stopped at tlift sssrwsi r am ka iis should have the honour of being consulted, but it will be easily seen that under the mostfavourable circumstahces the circumlocution would be of a perfect description, and the situation (especially f( the town clerk should by some untoward cir cumstances be beyond tlie pale of communication) would not improbably And its earliest solution The distance from the park gate to the pa vilion. must be nearly 80 yards. It seems not to have occurred to the Minister that toll the question of opening the park gate meS , £ Professional and amateur members of Mr. Stoddart's team (and all other persons similarly situated) would do ^ 1!dssengers by the trains to fet. Kilda, G en Ins Valley, and Caulfield lbometim.es) have to walk much greater dis tances along railway platforms parallel with rimders-strcct. The road question itself ie this, When the throng leave the MCC ground they come out in thousands, In broad streams. Ought they at the moment oi exit to find themselves confronted by lines of competing cabmen,or ought the cab men to be kept a few dozen yards off, where they can easily be reached by the small percentage ofthe throng wanting to patro nise them? The Mayor of Melbourne, the Minister of Lands, the M.C.C., and the Parks and Gardens Committee have been wrestling with this question for a longer time (by months) than the Powers of Europe were occupied settling the Cretan problem and the terms of peace between lurkey and Greece. The cricketers now touring Australia under the command of Mr. Stoddart are the cause of the raising of international questions. \\\ e have already mentioned the roadway m Yarra-pnrk. The autocratic procedure of the Sydney trustees, in taking on themselves to decide an issue which has hitherto been reserved for the white-coated umpires, has led to much cabling of news messages under the seas to London and much cabling back to Australia of the opinions it has called forth. We have, doubtless, by this time been classed by our brethren on the far side of the world with the baseballers and yachtsmen of America, who, when they have to meet an interna tional challenge,introduce innovations which handicap the stranger out of the competi tion. It may be well, therefore, for Aus tialians to know how keenly every move in the contests Mr. Stoddart engages in is noted and considered. As appears from the London newspapers up to November 5, there was much fault-finding with Mr. Stod dart' for making a draw of the Adelaide match in order that his team might see the Melbourne Cup race. Cricketers in Eng land seem to have set their hearts on the j winning even of games which oyt here count j as of secondary interest. It was left for Mr. Harry Furniss, ariist., humourist, and tra veller, to explain. The great gain it is to these colonies to l>e occasionally visited by persons of distinction is brought out by his intervention. But for Mr. Hany Furniss's making a hasty lecturing run through Aus tralia during last winter the portion of the English public which puts cricket before all other topics of interest would liave mis judged Mr. Stoddart and misunderstood the customs and modes of thought which are understood to prevail among Australian people. Huppily he was on the spot when the controversy began, and so could explain that Mr. Stoddart had shown himself to be a great diplomatist. Mr, Stoddart's policy, he undertakes to show, w;us not to win the Adelaide match, but to establish himself in the hearts of Australians, and hits way to do so was to see the Melbourne Cup. Visi tors who come to Australia and go away without waiting for the Cup are considered (in Australia) to be depriving themselves of the sight of the year. It tliey 6top for the Cup they are given high place in Aus tralian estimation. Until Mr. Harry Fur nias spoke we were under the impression that Major Wardill had arranged dates, &c.;, for the Adelaide match merely to give Mr. Stoddart's men rest and relaxation at a time when their legs were still shaky with the pitching mid rolling of the big steamer on which Ranjitsinhji was so constantly seasick. But now we perceive (thanks to the insight of the humourist) that the Major was thinking of gate money and the right way to start a myriad artesian streams into action. Gkte money, likewise, is said ! to be the sole explanation of the extraor dinary action of the Sydney trustees in de ciding that the first test match should not begin on a wet day, Mr. Clement Wragge has succeeded in putting up his barometere, thermometers, and other instruments for recording clianges in the air on the summit of Mount Kosciusko, 7,171ft. above sea level. The party he led had a very rough time when making the ascent last week. They were delayed by storms and rains. Their calico tents could not keep out the wet, and their blankets were saturated with water; and when they reached the top, gentlemen used to a summer temperature of 90deg. in Bris bane found themselves on Saturday, De cember 0, shivering with the air 13deg. be low freezing. The telegram from Jinda byne says that as soon as the members of the expedition had set up an observatory "they beat a retreat," whence we may infer that it is not intended that anyone shall live at the top of the mountain beside the instruments. The instruments will be self recording, and at weekly or other short in tervals Mr. Wragge's deputies-two enthu siastic volunteers-will go up to inspect and note. It is not at all improbable that the observations recorded will tell us something interesting about what Mr. Russell, the Sydney Government astronomer, calls the physics of the air. They may let us know at what rate the air travels at high eleva tion, and how often it blows in one direc tion at the summit and another at the base. We shall doubtless be told of some surpris ing changes of temperature and air pres sure. But it is not at present apparent that observations taken on Mount Kosciusko, even if they be examined and telegraphed to headquarters daily, can be of any set vice in weather forecasting, for the simple reason that by the time the weather readies Kosciusko it is nearly done with Australia. The only weather news of any value in fore casting is what comes from the westward. We are living on the floor of an ocean of air in which the main tide is ever moving from west to east. The atmospheric depressions which cause our spells of heat, our strong north winds, followed by west winds and rain, are first reported to us from Cape Lceuwin. By the time they reach Kosciusko, in the east, they are bidding us good-bye. So, if the meteorological observers for Vic toria, New South Wales, and South Aus tralia-all highly experienced scientists take very little interest in Mr. Wragge's Kosciusko experiment, it is because they are unabte to sec the promise of any practi cal results in return for the risk and ex pense which that experiment must entail. A Wragge worshipper in Brisbane lately said that the chills brought from the Ant arctic Circle to the Indian Ocean by icebergs might be recorded nt the summit of Mount Kosciusko by supersensitive thermometers, but the poor fellow did not know what he was caving about. Mr. Wragge, we dare say, does not know himself why this im pulse to erect observatories on mountain tops comes over him. He bad a leading hand in erecting an observatory on Ben Nevis in Scotland, and he made a great ado over erecting another on Mount Welling ton at Hobart; his present conquest is Mount Kosciusko, in au out-of-the way part of New South Wales. Where his restless spirit will take him next no one can tell. For more than a week the Queensland Chief Justice, assisted by a jury of four, was trying a case which, when the time came for summing up, the judge said was only important enough for a police court. The Rev. James Clarke, Church of England minister, sued the master, mate, and doctor of the Boyal Mail Steamship Merkara, for putting him under restraint (locking him up in his cabin) between Thursday Island and Brisbane. It looked as if the plaintiff were out of his mind. He imagined evil of every one-he said that none of the women pas sengers on board was chaste, he was un kind to his dying son,- and he accused the doctor of conspiring with others to get him locked up so as to be able to carry on. with his daughter (Miss Clarke). In the opinion of the judge, the plaintiff was either insane or abominably wicked. He made allegations which were shown to be untrue, and which could not be true. The poor man was off his head, and imagined everybody to be against him. He described the ship as a floating hell. No wonder, in such circum stances, that 19 of the passengers petitioned Captain Bergemann to take action. Mr. Clarke's daughter gave evidence against her father; and her part in the case enabled the Chief Justice to lay down the law as to the amount of liberty which young ladies are entitled to on shipboard. His remarks should be of general interest. The voyage out or the voyage home is a recognised op portunity for flirting. Is there a single trip made on a mail steamer that ends without an engagement? Chief Justice Griffith found that there was not an atom of truth in Mr. Clarke's assertions regarding the relations between the doctor and his daughter-asser tions. that went to considerable extremes and he thought it the most natural thing in the world that Miss Clarke should prefer the society of the doctor to that of her father, who during the voyage struck her on the inouth. Said Sir Samuel Griffith: . "She was then within two months of being 21 6iie was 21 on the 14th January last. She was an educated lady, and slie was thrown in the company of a number of other passengers who were cer tainly not very good in the matter of education, or in such a position as she had been accustomed to. On the other hand, there was Dr. Peters. He was an educated gentleman-an educated man, at any rate. There was the young fourth officer, Spurrctt. It appeared that shortly after the voyage began both the doctor and Spurrett were atten tive to Miss Clarke. They paid her attention, both of them. His Honour asked-Was there anything surprising in that? Would it not have been ex tremely surprising if they liad not been? He would think himself it was the most natural thing in the world. It might be very wrong for a daughter to disobey her father. But she was thnn within two months of 21, and to be ordered below deck at lialf-past 6 in the hottest latitudes was most unreasonable and she was perfectly justified in disobeying such orders." The jury found that the captain had suffi cient grounds for locking up Mr. Clarke, and that the mate and doctor were justified in obeying the captain's order; but they gave Mr. Clarke one farthing damages for an as sault committed by Dr. Peters, who hit Mr. Clarke for calling him a scoundrel-ex treme provocation, as the iudge said, but the extremest provocation (in words) does not justify an assault, as his Honour expounds the law. A few months back (as was mentioned in these columns at the time) a party of ladies and gentlemen, claiming to have psychic vision of special quality, quartered themselves in an old dwelling in the High lands of Scotland, in order to investigate into the causes of mysterious noises which were said to make themselves heard in bed rooms and corridors during the night. The place- known as Ballechin-house-was rented for the purpose of inquiry by the Mar quis of Bute,wlio then put the arrangements under the charge of a lady of literary re pute and psychic leanings. There was an understanding that the members of the party-all invited guests-were to preserve silence till the lady chaperone had an op portunity to make readable eopy out of the results. A London scientist, who had not heard of the understanding, sprung a sur prise on all concerned by sending an article to "The Times'," showing that some of the ghostlike phenomena could fairly be cre dited to practical joking and others to air movement® in the water pipes. The literary lady afterwards came out witih her version in the "Nineteenth Century." She began with the declaration, usual in such cases, that the only object the fuquirera had in I view was to examine into mysteries in a candid spirit; and then she proceeded to show, by her mode of setting out the phenomena, that ehe was ready to ascribe commonplace occurrences which she could not account for to supernatural causes. There is an infinite number of things which the ordinary mail cannot explain, yet that does not warrant his saying that ghosts are ever interfering with the well-ordered pro cesses of cause and effect. How many men in a million are able to form for themselves out of their own knowledge an intelligible idea of the action of electricity? The press ing down of a key on one side of the Atlan tic followed by an almost instantaneous flash on the other side of the Atlantic is more marvellous than the occurrence of rapping or crackling noises in an old house after dark. Why don't the ghosts favour us with performances which transcend or dinary conjuring, and make some approach to the marvels which science makes it its business to deal with? The answer a good many people are content with is that ghosts are illusions of the unbalanced brain. But what about Ballechin-house? A gentleman who had undertaken to rent that place after the Marquis of Bute's investigators took their departure, now writes to "The Times" to say that he has occupied it for three months, and found it free from pheno mena of any kind. His own words ait;: "I had arranged to rent this place before the correspondence of last June appeared in "The Times,' otherwise I certainly should not have been the tenant, for, although I do not believe in ghosts myself, you cannot answer for your ser vants, or visitors, who may decline to sleep in a house with such a reputation. I went there with the determination to investigate any unusual noises, should they occur, feeling sure I should find a simple and natural explanation without having recourse to the supernatural, but there baa been nothing whatever to investigate! Neither have my family, my servants, ormy guests been disturbed by noises of any kind; in fact, I never slept in a quieter or more comfortable house." It is evident that when you go in quest of psychic phenomena you must take with you eyea prepared to see and ears prepared to hear things invisible and inaudible to everyday people, and a mind predisposed to I describe everything you cannot at once ; understand to supernatural causes, other | wise the performance will not come off. In the Harveian oration, delivered re cently before the Royal College of Physi cians, Sir William Roberts held that science, as we know it, is a new feature in the history of the world, and one of such paramount importance that we are en titled to believe that by its aid existing civilisation will escape the fate of its an cient predecessors and endure indefinitely. The ground on which he holds this cheer ing creed is rather curious. It is that the ancients lived monotonous lives, and perished from the mental inanition caused by a deficiency of fresh and varied' intel j lectual pabulum. Hence he has something j to say in favour of the hurry and bustle, the stress and strain, which is often considered to be one of the most serious drawbacks of modern life. He thinks that it keeps us going, and prevents us from becoming slug gish and inclined to vegetate. There is somethiug in this view, but it hardly goes to the root of the matter. The life of the Greeks and Romans was by no means mono tonous and wanting in interest. The Greeks, in particular, we are told, were always inquiring after some "new thing," and from the time when they first appear in the light of authentic history their ex periences were of an exceedingly vivid and exciting kind. The influences of the sur rounding nations, Egypt, Babylon, Persia, Phoenicia, and Judaea, the wars with Persia, the wars of the various Greek states with one another, the campaigns of Alexander, which threw open India to the nation,the naval, commercial, and colonising activity, which has never since been surpassed, ex cept in the magnitude of the field covered by it, supplied the Greeks with interests to the full as strong and varied as those of our own time. When we consider thai; all our science is based upon that of this wonderful people we can scarcely say that the difference between ancient and modern days in this respect is as great as Sir Wil liam Roberts contends. Other causes must be sought for the decay of the old civilisa tions. The Greeks lost their independence through their inveterate 6pirit of locality, which prevented them from coalescing into a single powerful state, while Rome decayed from a variety of causes, includ ing slavery, a despotic form of government, and the decline of the old primitive vir tues, which had enabled her to conquer the world. In other words, these nations fell from a deficiency in morale, and not in knowledge or intelligence. If Sir William Roberts could look at the problem from the same point of view as Mr. Benjamin Kidd he would 6ee that very little of the progress of the world has been due to intellectual influences, and very much of it to emotional influences, which express themselves in re ligious, moral, and social activity. The evo lution of society which is going on every where should leave us without any appre hension for the future. Modes of govern ment may come into and go out of fashion, but mankind is ever improving. 