A Voice from the Grave. Uiie of the best ghost fctories we have beard this season Is about a young widow, she's a charming young widow, too—who went to stay at a country house down in Somersetshire. Tbe house being very full of company, one of the girls .had to turn out of her bedroom—the one in the bouse that bad the reputation of being haunted—in favor of the new coiner. But the widow didn't fear ghosts— lor', no! They might haunt till they were black in the face, for all she cared. One thing, the wouldn't be likely to hear or see much of them, for she was quite tired out when ehewent to bed. (Tbenigbt passed all right; bnt then, again it's so verydark o' mornings noto, thatyou don't know for certain when the night really /fasj>ass c d. The widow herself was trying to decide whether it was night or morning, when —hush!—she beard a footstep along the old creaking passage. Nearer, nearer it came. At last it stopped. There was positively a tap at the door. Then a voice, half muffled, «aid " I want to come in to get my body." Great bead* of perspiration rtood on the brave little woman's brow, but the men thought of tbe spectre head entering settled her, and she awooqed. And then—well, then Mary Emma, the upper housemaid, who had been turned ont ol her room for tbe night, and left, in ber' fanny a part of her wardrobe behind, came in and fetched the upper storey of her dress out. To the average eye not more than 0000 stars are visible: some persons ha vine extraordinary strong eyes can see about S000 stars. Through the Lick telescope and other powerful instruments about 60,000.000 stars are visible. There are believed to be stars in existence beyond the reach of any telescope yet constructed. An Old Idea. John Bull: 'Got a new idea, have you? Naval Instructor:' Yes, sir, T can makeyoc a war vessel now that will euit every require ment; it is modelled after a duck.' 'Can it fly !' ' Well, no; but it can tail like a dock.' * Suppose a foreign man-of-war eees you< vessel and fires at it ¥ ' ft will dive just like a duck.* 'Dire ont of sight!' 1 * Clean to the bottom.' » j ' Well, I dont know, Sceme very like thou wbtveoow,' " So your acquaintance ripened into love ? " Well, no, not exactly. It was a case of arrested development." " How eo ! " " Well, we got married." 