LADY WYNDIIAM-,3 TUANOE. A very curious story is told in the northwest -jf Somersetshire concerning a lady who lies buried iu St. Decurcan's Oilmen, between Willi toil and Watcl.et. Sir Wiliiam Wyndhaai, who died in October, 1G83, mariitd Trances, the daughter o. f Anthony Huuge rford, of Fairley Castle. Several sous anel daughters wire hern to them, and the n, much to the grief of her lord, tho lady fell ill, and apparently died. She was put into a coffin, carried up tho hillside, and laid in the family vault in St. Decuman'* Church, beside another Wyudham who had dieel several years previously. The mourners relumed to the now dc-olate home, ate the funeral bake-meats, drank the con-.oliug cup and retired to rest. At midnight the; six! on, one Will A tie well, might have been seen creeping stealthily along the northern aisle of ihe church. He bad » lantern in one hand anel a chisel and file in the other. Going to the Wyndham vault, he foiccd opeu the lid of the eoCin, which Lad Locix deposited there a l'e.v hours before, aud the feeble light from the- lantern fell on the palli.I face of °Lady Wyndham. Her thin, whiter hands were eroded over the breast, and on tho fingers gleamed the jewelled gifts of lice loving husband. Ai tho si^.t cf these tha sexton's eyes sparkled with delight, and he began to remove them fiom the tapering lingers. One by ore they slipped p{i' the fingers, hut a btuulirul diamond rinp, the choicest gera the lady wore,refused to leave the hand of its dead mistress. The texte-n took up his file and be^an to cut through the circle ()|'- , o!,I. As hu did so the file grated on tho il sh and a (hop of blood oe zed out. [low strange that a corpse should bleed ! The n the; hand was slowly withdrawn from lis grasp, and the lady sat uptight in her rofT'm. '1 ho sexton gave a sbiis k of tenor and fled. Pli rUsing what had happened, Lady Vv'vi ill ham sprang out of her coflin, tcc.k up tha lantirn which the sexton iu his te-rrer had left behind him and ran to her old home. Tho family had re tired, but the noire eventually moused a maid-se:vant, who looked out ot tho window and tin n ran shrieking through tha hoe, 1 o, " Mv lady's ghost is at the door !" With a grc at cry ' the astonished huid.o nd ran downs' ;.-irs, unlocked the door, threw his arms aiouod tho breathing form of Lady Frances, and carried her into her room. There ho learnt the me-ins of her arrival, and how it had been brought about. Lady Wyndham. so strangely rescued from a. living tomb, recovered health and strength, and live el° many years in the happiest union witbl her husband.' In St. De curnan's Church tha tomb ot Sir William Wyndham may be seen, svith figures upon it which arc pointed out iu eonilrma'ion of the stoty. 