Chapter XXXVIII. The magisterial enquiry into tho causa of Mrs. "Langrishe's death was one of the sensa tions of the hour. It was from the first so plainly against any satisfactory defence that the jury unhesitatingly brought in their verdict of " guilty." James Langrishe left that court and was taken to,the Cork Gaol to await his trial at the Winter Assizes.1 The full horrors of .his position came home to him then in the humiliation of imprison ment. His very companions in the exercise yard seemed to look askance at him—the • gentleman murderer whose sentence they knew was a mere matter of weeks. He was never alone for a single moment. Two warders watched him night and day. His duties and , his food were the duties and the food of the . commonest prisoner who shared this legal • captivity. The very doctor and chaplain seemed \- to regard him as they never regarded the vaga bonds and lawbreakers who filled the other cells. The horror of that one crime which sets a man apart from all other, criminals was a > horror that made itself felt even here, where crime was in the air one breathed. • He showed no sign of what he felt. Out wardly cool and dogged, he passed his days as • tho other prisoners passed theirs, making no • complaint, asking no favor, seemingly in different to the passage of time, but in his ' heart cursing himself for his own folly, his own blindness, since now the veil was rent and in i the eyes of his fellow-mea he had read his own1 condemnation. He had engaged the very best I counsel for his defence, but even those astute legal brains made no secret of the well-nigh > hopeless nature of the task they had under-1 taken. Save for his counsel no one came near I him. No message ever reached him from that world beyond these high white w.ills, at which i his moody eyes gazed despairingly. There was not a very long time to wait be fore "the assizes commenced, but it was long enough to turn his raven locks to grey, to furrow his brow, with lines that Time never ploughed. The day of trial came at last and he was placed in the van between his two warders. He heard the great gate3 clang be hind him, he looked up once at the soft blue sky above his head and shuddered. The drive seemed long as eternity and the time of waiting longer still, but at last the summons came and he was led from the cell of the courthouse up the narrow corkscrew stair case and placed in the dock facing the judge in his crimson robes, the crowded bench of barristers and reporters and everywhere were crowds of gazing, curious faces—the faces of men and women ho -had known and met a hundred times in years of residence amongst them, Not one looked pity or sympathy or gave sign of recognition. That first penalty the criminal pays—the silent condemnation of his fellows—was already demanded from James Langrishe. The light of the winter day fell through the line of windows that lit the court and showed up the newness and varnish of recent improve ments. Its old gloom and dirt had disappeared since the fire that had come to obliterate those landmarks of time._ Butto James Latagrishethat newness and cleanliness had somethinggruesome about it. Would there not be busy reporters to state that the first important criminal case since the fire of 1891 was the case of James Langrishe? He almost fancied he saw the line3 in the Cork Examiner or Constitution of the nest morning and a grim smile touched his \- lips as he wondered why his thoughts should dwell on such trivialities at a time when his life hung in the balance. A stir in the benches below, the rustle of papers and opening of briefs arrested his attention. His face hardened and set itself in rigid composure. His eyes, with their old, i mocking brilliance, turned from judee to jury, | . from the-jury to the witness-box, with its soli tary chair, and then dropped to tho crowd of be-wigged heads below. In the well of the court tstood a table on which was a model of , Knockminoss. Beside it were various articles \ whose nature his professional experience ' readily guessed, and a little apart from them lay a small brown paper parcel. He found himself wondering what it contained. He gave it no second glance. There was nothing about it to betray it3 fatal purport, or the effect its production was to have in the issues of the case. Then the proceedings commenced. The clerk of the court read out the indictment, the jury were sworn, and the prisoner asked whether he pleaded guilty or not guilry to the charge of thejjwilful murder of his wife, Mary Langrishe, on the — day o£ September. 18—. His white lips belied the firmness of his voice as Be gave the expected denial.^ Then the coun sel for the prosecution began to address the court. There wa& no need here for legal subterfuge .or suggestion.1 rI!he _ plain, bold facts were plain enough for a. child's compre hension. The evidence given, at the previous enquiry was again retailed, and for all his de fiant demeanour James Langjrishe felt that it r/aa absolutely condemnatory damjiing. There had been no need for such a remedy in Mrs. Langrishe's case. The inquest had also proved one fact more suspicious than all' the rest. The stomaclt-pump had been used on that fatal night, and for what purpose could it have been used except to destroy the evidence of poison 1 But arsenic can never be t quite destroyed. It has the peculiar'property of embalming the body, and by its antiseptic virtues gives back the vital organs to the light of day in a state that places its presence beyond a doubt even to the most minute atom. T/hen Mary Langrishe's body was exhumed ' and the investigation made the stomach was found to be quite empty. Yet the evidence of ■the nurses proved that she had partaken of supper with her husband and themselves. This fact alone was suspicions enough. Nothing could explain it away, and_ in spite of the stomach having been emptied theie were traces of the poison in other organs suffi cie'nt 'to do away with the theory that the arsenic had been administered for merely medicinal reasons. Counsel went on to say • that apaxt from and beyond these facts arose the question of "motive" in the case of ' murder. Unfortunately in this case the motive was so clear and plain a one that it \- added the strongest link to the chain of evidence against the prisoner. , Within two months of Ms wife's death he was about to many another woman. His pre parations for flight were then, briefly dwelt upon, after which the prosecution proceeded to call the witnesses for their case. That speech made a sensation in the court. The tide of popular fa*vor-set strongly against ,'the prisoner. It was felt on all sides that his innocence was an impossibility and from mind • to mind flashed like an electric current all the hundred and one little condemning incidents of his life in their midst.. His open inf&tua; !tion for Lady Ffolliott—meetings, letters, 'speeches overheard—and at the time only ; laughed at—how absolutely damning looked , all these trivialities now when passed in review • before a court of justice. ' The routine of a crimiaal trial is always more or les3 the same. The opening address, the testimony of the witnesses, the cross (examination, the badgering and bullying of 1 counsel, the speech for the defence, and the Bumnnng-up._ ' The sensation of this case was the evidence • of the two nurses and the extracts from their J diaries as read and _ commented on by their • counsel and on which they were examined. t Beginning with the acquaintance at Glengarriff 'and the strange symptoms of the invalid, Nellie Nugent was questioned and1 cross questioned on the point set up by the defence —that arsenic had undoubtedly been adminis tered to the deceased lady, but it had been .given for a certain complaint from which she suffered, just as in like manner the morphia •had been administered for sleeplessness. In confutation of this came the evidence of the two nurses as to Mrs. Lanprrishe's rapid improvement in health after the accidental , breaking of the bottle of medicine her husband had left for her and the discontinuance of the said medicine during the remainder of her stay 1 at the hotel. At this point the brown paper parcel was taken from the table and nanded to the witness. _ She identified*it as the one that Dr. Langrisbe had sent to GlengarrilE for his wife and which she had placed on a shelf in the cupboard of her bedroom. It had Iain there in a corner unobserved,-uncorked, until sent for as an item of evidence in the case. It had been analysed and the analysis was submitted to judge and jury. ( _ The amount of arsenic contained in it would ' have killed any adult, even one accustomed to taking'it, in a week. > The sensation at this point was tremendous. The face of the accused was ashen- white as ! he saw that bottle—the forgotten, incriminat t ing record of his blunderiiig attempt. Medical evidence in support of the nurse's \- story closed the case for the first day and left • it black enough against the accused man as he was driven back to the gaol. ,• 3?or three days he stood in the dock and eaw arrayed against_ himself the deadly crowd of damning facts which his blindness and fool hardiness had overlooked. He heard those records of the diaries and cursed the folly that ~ -these, female soiea within his doors. With the desire of averting suspicion he had only aroused it. Deborah Gray's evidence seemed to impress the court even more than Nellie's. Her calm, Berious face, her simple, direct; answers, her evident reluctance to state anything sa\ e what was absolutely necessary gave her admissions a. greater weight than her friend's. Her cross examination was. lengthy and severe, but nothing could shake her grave serenity. It was only when the defending counsel asked her roughly why she had not mentioned her suspicions at the time _o£ Mary Langrislie's death that she hesitated in her answer. She looked at the guilty man for the first time. Ail the color left her face. Iler eyes drooped. Her voice trembled. "I—I do not consider it professional to talk about a case," she said. "Besides, ! was ill myself. I was not with Mrs. Langrishe at the time of her death. She was in her grave before I knew anything of what had happened. And no one has a right-to utter suspicions that they cannot verify." "You could not verify yours ?' demanded he prosecution. "No," she said very low. "But you believe James Langrishe did administer poison with criminal intent to his •wife "I do." Then James Langrishe knew that her hand had put the first strand of the fatal rope about his neck and in his heart of hearts he cuised her as the'author of bis ruin. He scarcely listened to Bridget Lehane, who followed Deborah into the box and rambled on about the ghost and the drugged coffee until the prosecution and the defence alike lost patience and could make nothing out of her evidence. He raged at his own folly now for sur rounding his house with gossiping, credulous idiots, who had only eaten his bread and then turned upon, iiim in tho hour of his adversity. Perhaps the cruellest and blackest hour of all he had to face was the hour when Di Ffolliott, pale as death and clothed all in black, stood up in her turn and he had to listen to her answers as the sharp, cool voice of the famous Q.p. dragged unwillingly admissions of that wild love, that fevered impatience, that hurried broken marriage, from her pale lips. His long sustained self-command gave way then. He bent down and covered his face with his hands. In his heart he said, "The bitterness of death is past now. It cannot be worse than this!" (To 6c continued.) 