MR JiD!YS CHRISTMAS EVE. By CIARLES GORDON ROGERS. Mr Nathaniel Judd sat before his glowing grate in hi~s nug library on Christmas Eve. 'Ihe rosy coals radiat ed a comfortable and soothing heat to .nwhere Mr .1udd sat; and the han:dseomne, shadil Ilmnp near by diflused ;t soft glow thalt seemed to brealthe a mild de fiance to the storm which raged sullenly outside a:n dlashed its force algainst the dlouble windows as if anugry that it was denied :admittance to the cosy room. Mr tJudld, in his quilted dressing-gowsn, and with ;a choice cigar betIween his teeth, twisted t:ud curled himself in the soft depths of comfort of his ea:lsy-ch.iris i man does lwho fcels extremely lnd in expressibly hlmpy, harticularly in a physical sellse. utnt whose ictions indi cale an-ything but a non-irritalle condi tion. "oced sltng ill heIre!" Illtrnurlt?r .ir .Jtuddt. "'t!athecr he in hlre tlhan out there. 'There are solue ploor devils out i tile coltt I suppo;se. Sure to be. Poor devils! The world mulnst Ihave its poor tdevils. ln'esunle." Mir .lndti was aroulsed from tile semi torpor into which hie subsequently fell by thie consciotsness of the presence of a second person in thie room. Ie felt this presence suddeiui y and ilistinctively by the chilling of hiis blood and tie quick elatiug of lis iheart. He wals al most afraid to turn tis head to either side attfirst, but hie shook the fear offti and looked arounld. "Confoutnl it!'" hie muttered, as tie s?ared :lbout, alid salw northing. "I' must be drunk! It's that puort, or too lnuceh of that beef at dinnier. I did eat a. lot of it, I was so lhungry after the cold nighlt air. I'll turn np lhl:t lt:aip :1 bit, :lild tinisih iiy niovel." Mr .lutddt. hiowever, did nlot turn up the lamp's wick. nior dild lie get his novel : for directly between his seat and thle long-waisted anip tie saw a shadow sonlethilng Ihtat slowly grew upon his vision.sollehiling that aide hinlt breatlhe irregularly andl stare and grasp thile lea ihern alrllls of his se:lt. What was it ? A ghost, no doubt. though iMr Judd didl not believe in ghosts. But it was a sym metrical ghostl. with miucll lronise of betlg lltimately sublllstantial. l:llardler 3Ir Judd1( starled, and slowly the slhadow rounded illto Ihumanlu form-rounded and leeDeued :tud grew. uiutil there, before himn, witll tile face of an angel, stood Mrs uddl! Now, iMrs tudd had been dead five years. Hiers lad beenll a: sweet :and lov able nature-a womnu with a beacutifuI ltld good falce. :t nature generous to a fault, :rand blind to a great many faults in others. She hid been in this respect the direct antit:hesis of Mr Judd; alnd the result :had iceen lerplletual dissatis faction on thle Ipart of ir .ludd. and on 31rs ulndd's a sweet forbe:rantce tllhat had proved very irlritatillng to lher hus batd. thlough slle did not kinow it. The lwo boys she left behind seemed broken hearted, :and even iMr .Tiudld was sorry for a while. But hie got over it, and packed the lads off tlo boardling school. uand then pliunged into, Iusiness with And now I're t wa's Mrs .Mudd coime again--Mrs Jtdd seemingly in the flesh, yet spiritualised-an angel, Mr Judd could see at a glance. ' "Well, Nathaniel," said she, softly; and Nathaniel started, as he recognised the sweet voice of his late wife. "And are you sorry to see me?" "Wh-what. Jessie? S-sorry to s-see you?'" gasped .Mr Judd, his teeth chat tering. "N-no, cer- cortainly not.- S-so S:lad to s-see you." "You look pleased," said tile spirit of _Mrs Judd. "And now. Nathaniel, what are your good intentions this Christ mnas?" "Eh?" "I mean what good .liings--c(imrit lable Ihinlgs--re you going T to do? I-ow miany. of the poor tand sick and lonely lire you going to hold out "t kind hanud 'so?" JMr Judd stlrecd. and tlhen siglhed. .Tust the same Mrs JTudd as ever! Site hadn't changed a bit. "I'mn afraid you halven't thought of vlwhat you might do." sanid Mrs Judd. Teproachfully. As she stood there in her pure white robe, with her golden h iair flowing over her shoulders. and tlhe Tosy, soft light of thle lamp ai'd tire fal ing upon her face 1and figure withl tlhe iender touch of mellow moonlight, Mr -Jndd 1lhought how heavenly shc was. "Ah, Nathllaniel," she said at last, turn ing her eyes uponll himnl, "1 see you 3aven't even thought of what you might do-you, with all your money a:nd op portunities! Ie:'Illy.hlven't you thought mibout it at all?" "No!" Mr Judd almost liouted. "And the boys---where aire they?" "?t school, whll'ore they oughlt to be!" :tnarled Mr Judd. "Two yelrs a:lgo I had 'cm home, and they klnoc:kled albout s0 anId spoiled so much furnlliture alnd licked up suchl roV, lthat I registered a 'vow never to birilng them home again at this tinle of tihe year." "I know." said I'Mrs ludd. "I regis 'tered the vow lys'm lf." "Elm?" ejac:ulated hr Jlluddl. "Oh.well, I was lirefectly justiied. TIhe Christ Inls business is a proper swindle and shmllat, allywaly." *'"lAnd what are you going to do your self. Nathaniel?" 'JThle :lbrult luestionl ahlmost took Mr Iudd's breath i:way. "'Oh. I shall pIrob ably dine here--have a silm:lll roast and a puddinlg. .ulane matkes capital puddings! 0ou riememlher .TJane?" "And have youl sent tile boys allny thing?" hqueried Mrs Juddl. Ier voice was anllmost mclflunchtoly. "No. Let thelm e:t their school din ner".' Mrs J.udd said nothing in reply to this. i11p stoo 100looing inll tile lire 10o a t moments. and then steplped back a yard or so, until she stood behind Mr Judd's <chair. Mr J.udd felt irritated, but he al so became conscious of ilie fact that he could not move. lie seemed under a spell. The white figure behind . him stretctlhed lher arns in a gentle, undulat ing imotion above MIr Judd's bald head. MIr Judd's bald head sank until that gentleman's chin rested upon his breast, and his gla]Ince fell to a level with the coals. lie felt drowsy. and yet with every menial faculty alert. "Hang it all!' lie muttered. "I have been drinking! Or perhapls it's the heat. I'll ring for Jiane!" Miss Judd waved her fair liamd to wards lhe grate. Mr JTudd. mentally conscious lbut physically incapable, saw a soft, white, and almost transLparent cloud rise above the coals. Again Mrs .Judd waved her fingers, "and a scene ap peared in the cloud. Mr Judd saw an attic. IIe had never seen at attic in real life, but he knew in stinctively this was an attic. It was a miserable place. There was no bright fire. There was scarcely any furniture, and the room was bitterly cold. Mr Judd almost felt the cold of it himself, and instinctively leaned for ward in his chair towards the grate, and in doing so got a better view of the attic. There were somne very thin and pale faced children there, too. Mr Judd shuddered as lie saw their wistful, spare faces. And on a couch of some sort lay their mother-a miserable crea ture with tangled hair. and evidently in a fever, lie heard her curse the day she had been married. The attic vanished, and Mr Judd brea.thed hard. Then thie white angel at his back motioned to the grate again, and a second scene grew in the cloud. It showed an oilice tills time. iMr Judd stared almost increduously, for he recognised the office. One of his own, unless he was very much mis taken! There was a iman at the desk a. grey-headed man with a prematurely old face--who stared upon the page of the ledger before him, and then on a sudden folded his arms on it and laid his forehead, upon the mean pillow of lis sleeves. : By all that. was marvellous, thought I J.udd, it was .Gannt, his under-book keeper! The follow seemed to be pray itr Judd's eyes fell, strangely, moist. No doubt Gaunt was crying, the prayer !lad sounded so sincere. Mir Judd raised his glance again to see; but Gai:unt was gone. and the scene changed. There was a tall, grey building now before him. .Mr Judd knew it-the school where his boys were. The walls of thle school were evidently tranils parent. like the cloud; for Mr J;udd saw into the school. He saw the empty rooms, the empty halls. The entire place seemed dedicated to gloom. Then the sound of feet caught Mr J.udd's ear - a sound that echoed strangely down ihe bare halls, and jarred upon Mr Tudd. And no\w he saw two lads wandering aimlessly down one of tile corridors. They came neareI :and grew more distinct. He saw theil faces-- faces gloomy and almost nunboy ishl. But hIe knew them. They were his boys. I-e liad not seen them for a boys: hut le had not forgotten. Mir .ludd's heart was strangely stirred. All, lhey were his sons. his own. aind lie loved tlihel still! He followed them with eager gaze as they canme down to the courtyard. and said good-bye to the last of their lhomeward-bound com irdes. He watched them with strain ing ga:ze as they waved their hands af ter the retreating carriage. and lie he:ard theli faint and almost heartless cheer of farewell and the sound of the wheels as they died away in the street. He followed hetll as they ul'nied wilh slhow steps into the grey school again, anid ;were lost to his view is tihe scene ilickered and paled and vanished. The lire in his gr:ate seemed to be growing dini, Mr .liudd thought. But lihe silenlt figlre he could not see once siore waved a. h:Iand to thie coals. mand unce lliorie the ciurtaill rose. There was a broald, bright street this tilme. Mr Jnudd recognised it. 1He wa:uked it every day of his life. It was Christmas Eve without a. doubt in this street. There were a great manmy ieo ple there- people whom uir Judd knew. 'rhey looked so real that lie was ahlmost iniiclined to cry out to them. I-How\\\\- h'i ?x: the inlolokd some of them inl thlelr 'furs'. witll their merry faces :and red cheeks! No poverty here. thalnk Hle veil! Every imlan seeimed to be wishing his neighbor a nmery Chlristnmas with the certainly of his wishl being fulfilled. And hlow ay tile windows were! Whlly, hie would have gonle down hilself if ihe tlid tllought tlhe city woutld be :Is jolly :Ias this! Nobody seemed to ilind Ihe storin It was nothing! Suddenly Mr 3udd's eyes widened. Whallt was this ? Here were Ipeople w:llking about tle street who ha:ld Ilo right to be there--no right 1by the law of common sense. nio right by the law of men's belief. Whlly, they were mcore sltectres! Pale, miserable beings, most of them, who stared :It the sldendid windows and lhe well-dlressed cromwd with enviomms eyes. Mr Judd rthlought. And their clothinig was so titean hie could almlost see through it! A;\ld htere cmilte reeling down thle street thie Lutln lie haid seen ill Ihe attic! If lie did not t:ike care, hle would fall into the hlmnds coat with m1ore regard for humanaI kind ness than the strict letter of his duty, who wonld tlake hiiin lollle. is \was very often done iu the case of individuals more blessed in lif-l'as had been done in his own case. MIr Judd remembered. Thelln here came Gaunt. his under bookkeeper. slouching homewsard with a parcel under his arm'. (Gaulllt had got lihroulgh tile work he hlad ieen ordered to do before closinlg upl till Tuesday. il good tlime. r Juldd thought. Gaunt lheld Ilis head rather ligiler. too. and Ilis face seemed brighter, thollughil he did not b1othler abont the shol)-winlldow.s, iald Senmlled very eager abont reacllhing his ldestjllation. Antd following Gaunt. witll a slower and easier step. who 0callme next wrapped in Ilis elegant fur- lined coat, thile usual choice cigar in his mionlth. his h1ail higher even than Gnunt's ? Mr .Judd stared and gasped. By all that was wonderful-lhimself ! His other self. however, while nod ding cheerily to Ilis well-to-do acquain tlunces. seemellld wholly unllawI\re of thlose strange and mliserable-looking people, those spectres, who mingled withl tile throllng; fo hle elbowed theim to the left and right. off tile lIve ment even. as if lhe did not see tihem. or if lhe did. as if hle had no thougilht or regard for their rights as lnuntan beings. Whoever this impostor was, mlasquerading as Natlmniel Judd. Es quire, hie imust be told that this wa~s not the way Nathaniel .Tud(d himself would jet. It was aot insult! 'The bIlood stirred hotly in IMr Julldd's veins, nid he puit his hand to his throat as1 if he would strangle. IIe tried to cry out. but his voice failed himt. Thenl with onoe stllltee efflort hle spitnhlg to his feet. and found himself--a:wa:ke! I-He was quite alone. The angel. or whatever it wa:s, of Mtrs .Tudd had gone. The IroonI seelmed chilly; and tno won der, for the fire was ollt, save one or two coals that glowed dimly throughl tile ashes.. Mr .Tudd shook himself and wtlked to the window. Tite stormn had passed. and the stars htid come out. I-Iow brilliant they were. and how steadtly, as they steemed c to look straight at him! And then Mr.T Judd helrd tihe clock in the hull stlike twehlve. antld :a illotntet later the hells runIg clelr and sweet to his eatrs the Christmas morniig. Mir Judd stirreld hiinself from the re veri into which hlie hlitd falluen, and w:llked to the "irate. IHe stirted tlhe rellnallt of tile fire, and sat tdown in the big chafir. "And I am really so. selfish ?"' he imuttered lo himself. "Well, well! We will talk that over another tilme. Let me see. If I go down town! now, I cnn have those boys here by noon to - morrow. We mIust have soime sort of ; dinner for thenm, to ibe sure! And there'e that tbrother of mine, poor devil! Wouldn't lie ;la ad idea to have him and his wife in. They can't have much, tlhat's a fact. And I wonder how it would be to :have . ' aullt up? Seemls n i queer idea, having one's bookkeeper to din ner! But I'd like to ask hlim if he really did pray like that in tile ollice! I wonder how much of a family le h as' lie never told me He might have I And-and tlhose attic peopfle-oil. I ami out of my head with this drea:m! Why. I suppose there are thousands of attics -like that! Well, we can see about that to-nmorrow. I must get lane to work. I suppose she has gone to bed. I will rouse her up. She will be tickled to death, poor old thing, about the boys conting home. And now. Nsa tlhaniel Judd, to send that message! I can telelDhone, to lie sure; but I would like to be certain about it. Besides. Ie walt wil io Ine ood; I feel s if I wantedn it." Thelln r J:udd roused his astonlishled honusekeeper; eand after that ie tulled on his grleatcott and wenht out into the slininug nlight, with his heart more morry and light. nend his stepl more buonyant. than either aied been for a long time. And as he passed dowrn tile street, with tlhe snow crackling he nceatl his tread, ule looked up at the great stars, end unconsciously his lips breathed a prayer. "Marian, hero's a dray stopping at our door with :a piano, a. sewing machine, and a parrot. There must be some mistake." "No, dear; they belong to our new coolk. She's a graduate of the School of Cooking, and kindly consent ed to try us." It is estimated that the great smoke cloud which sometimes hangs over Lon don weighs 300 tons, 53 tons of which is solid carbon, and 250 tons hydro carbon. It is calculated that the smoke of the year is worth two millions ster ling. Aunt (to little Oscar): What dress had your mother on when she drove to the party thiS evening? Oscar : A long, white, short dress. Aunt: Nonsense; it could not be long and short at the same time. Oscar : Yes, aunty. It was long at the bottom and short at the top. 