TIie Albcrt Infection. •MR. A. H. PEAKE AT NARRA ■cq'orte. Mr. A. H. Peake, a .candidate to fill the j vacancy ip the representation of the i distriPtpf Albert in the Uqoge.of Assembly caused by "the death of Mr.(jleorge Ash, addressed a largely attended meet;iti2 °f electors hi .the Institute Hall, Narrpcpprte, on Monday evening. May 10. My. J- P- £>. Laurie, Qhairman ofjthe "DistnGt.Couricilj presided."" , The Chairman, .in introducing . the! cahdidate," expressed regret that the: calatpity vrhiph had occurred that day had militated agaipst the attendance -some what. He anticipated that a mi^n respect ed as Mr. Peajce yvas and one who had. i always acted tip Ip concert pitch would' have had one of the largest audieucep to be, obtained in Narracoortp. He had known. Mr. Peaks;for many years, and in his. capacity as clerk of theDistrict (Gi>npcil; hO had always found him an excellent man. -He hoped they would give his re-; i marks that' evening their _ attention, and I accord that reception to him .whicn was. i characteristic of a Narracoorte aneience. -Mr.-Pdakeiwho-wasreeelvedwitb-applause,thanked the Chairman for his kind.iiitiVductinn. lum til ubt having a larger attendance was altogether email compared with thelusssomeofthe .people hod sustained through the visitation; yf ,tbe eart^qyiuke. The shaking of the foandatiinis of the earth showed I the unsubstantial bast? bfydl fiur affatra... -pnesrivan ! tarre aflus beuur kjiowu to tuem wafl that whilst bis imperfections were known, those qualius wbich recommcudedblmfor thepowtfon to which be, aspff«i. would also be lecognised-by them. He did not think that he need apologise for ai^rannf Wore'the. electors as a candidate, far In 1893 when he ottered his services for the District JniPariiaineiit they boiror ed him hy .placing him within 55 votes of winning the 'seat."' - at .that Hnipha had .staled at the declaration of the-jwll that he tnjght he a caudate at some future time,-aha he now-offered hln»sd£ -He-regietted the circumstances that; .brought about the election. "Mr Ash was a man.offirat rate parte, apd Ids liulustry and ncrseversnee-would have raised meutoflessaoility -than Hr. Ash to such a poBjtiou.in politics as he had attained. One geptjeman who announcedbnuseli-as a candidate af&e-beginning-of; the prescnUimpeJsn claimed close friendship wito-our late member, but if friendship, connted for anything in the contest he. cduld dMm&triendship; of!8 years "with the late -Mr. Afch But claims of friehdsbipas aiitlecoukinot be nroperly urged at ail," and the only ground-on which hi based bis chuurtb be tocmrepresOTtettvejsasThat of his jopiniens. H "they thought his .opinions were such ss to render him capable of being a suitable representative Hot theDistrict in ParliamentDi n he asked them to vote lot1 him. From the reports of his speeches that had appearedin -the press they would JSmjose that he bad been, making a tirade asamft liesn-sT Biddoto and Parsons,-hut such was not the SmT He only made references to public utterances -to- those gentlemen which were public property and anyone therefore .had a right to criticise them Wben hp was a candidate .In 1893 he spokeAn favor o. women™ suffrage, tortoB thought that 4u keeping with theii democratic Jdeal.fhpre qtoidd te oqe aduil one vote. "That 'measure was trow the law of the laud, but it had not been 'obtained -without strong opposi tion, so strong ill some instanceethat n^Hireehadto he taken to weak arguments.. The speaker here read quowloDBfrom s^*ch Wade by Mr Wddoch on wometdo taiffrage -in the«Asseoiblyill 3894. . With raStottefind question, In 1893 he had spoken m -favodhf an'iuerrase to the- taa. to;ene pisroyto the pound all rouud, w-ith -eorrespondjng reductions -in cSstamsMritiffi.- BeMld -not rrfvwate^at now. as circumstances had changed.- The Progressive Land Tag had been brought to, which Bads penpv irt the pound oil properties over £5000 in value. Thesam denved from .toat had gone into general revenue, and thereto™ copld not be applied to the ■ purpoM for what b'e wanted-ityand tojncrease the tax to one penny in the pound all round now would. thx heavily the small landholder. He was In favor of the non-alienation' of the Crown lands o! the colony. There were several reasons why leasing was prefer able to selling. Tie favored perpetual basing at tow reniais.'-fornr the land was not sold"there- would always he aa income which would keep down taxa tion. He thought that Crown leases shpifidtoe tore from the landUx, and the Crown shotdd be sattsfted wito one rent. In some cases the tax was equivalent ' to and often more than the amount of the rent. ' Speaking on taxation Mr. Peake said he did not think any new taxes should be proposed. The Treasurer had realised a handsome suiplus last year, and there were good prospects of there being a surplus again this rear. He believed the fewer taxes tbeyhad the better. He would, however, keep to raw toe true principles of taxation, theequality of sacrifice,.and the adjustment of the burden of taxation to the caimcity , ol three who had to bear it He.wasto ..favor of the I progressive principle of tbe incorue tax cuw in f';rk:e arS would like to see it exteiidwi further. He was. opposed to the Single Tax, and althongh he liked tiie theory of it, he was sure it would not work in practice. The Single Tax was loudly used by Sir Ltieli:ird Baker in 1891 as aery of wolf, just as socialism was going to be wdU at tote election. He wasstrongiy in favor of | federation, and would very much like to brought about, but one of the pnere each eulony would have to pay for it would be the loss of their i ablesttonblic men who would be attracted to the : Fedena-Government .where they would- have more seopefora display of thmr talents and poweis. . For the purposes of local Govcrameut he believed in the i prinrapleofone ratepayer one vote no mattoriu how many wards the ratepayer might have property, and he believed inthc Chairman of District Coaurtls heiug j electedhy the whole of the ratepayers. The Chair man of Councils would then be free from connec tion- with ward affairs, and many men who . did not care to occupy positions to the local gn vennng bodies would be attracted by toe greater dign'ty pven to the chair JJe believed in the principles ottheLawKeform Bill introduced last year by the Kiugston Government He, however, was oppused to toe clause n toch raised the amount on which an appeal could bemade to£100. At present he thought it was too high, at L30, for \- there might he just as important a question involved ' in the case where the claim was under £30 as in the ' action where It was over that amount He thought that too much arbitrary power was green to the local • rnaoistiates in fixing the amount at £3» on which an ap«M?oSdte!mlde, and he would like to see it downto £5- He favoured the iusertion ef a clause to the bill which would pemit law agents heensed by loca' courts to practice before the Courts. That would be of advantage to places where people could not Ssily obtain the serviee of lawyere and the speaker instanced a case of a woman at East Wellington who had been done a great injustice in a rese uuder the Hasten? and Servants' Act because .shei hadtart, the knowledge to plead her own case, land although there wmeSveral who would have done so for her they rare debarred for the reason that they were not qualified. He Would alsolike to m the Local Court mt whenever there-was a .case to b^tned. He favored the present system of education, but would like to see it sapplementeiLby toe awiuding of scholarships and bumries which would cany thebrightaud clever children of toe State Schools-to toe University. He was in favor of giving toe vote for toe Legislative Council to Crown lessees who had improvements on their holdings to toe amount say of L100. Iu many cases the improvements now made toe greater part of toe L50 freehold. He, however, believed in toe repre sentation of mind rather than matter, and would like n. nee toe property qualification go altogether, and an are of say 30 years fixed for toe Comical elector. He thought half the members of the Couneil should re tire with the Assembly every three years, and a good deal would be saved in the cost of election expeuses tlmrabv He was not in-favor of the referendum. Ae aremMV for deadlocks be did uot think* it wasre ouiredas in our present constitution we had an excel lent remedy in the diasolutiou of the two bouses at one time. He did not believe in the argument used gainst the referendum that it would be a pull of toe ritt^eainst the country, for in the city there was the same pull of parties as in the country- He was asainst the introduction Ol colored labor into the colony, believing that we should not introduce aoy elemeut into our population toat we aiuid not make nart of ourselves. He was in favor of the principle of h>«L! notion with compensation which was provided tainX Licensed Victuallers' Act efl89L He was oDDosed to cutting down the salaries of Civil servants whenever the Treasurer got short in his in come-and he thought picking,them out for special taxation was unfair. Speaking on early closing he was not-opposed to it, but thought it should be regu lated bv load government by-law. He was in favor of a «sSo of preferential voting, but pot ncces slrilv Miss Spence's sjstem. He favored mlercolomal fmetrade. and liberal terms for pastoral JesseeB m the Skin resncct to the Village Settlements he had never cried thein down, and believed toat at thetime toe Settlements were started that an houestendtovor had been made to solve toe unemployed question at a. t;m«_ He was not urejKired t<i say that the system had been a faUure, hut befieved toe settlore would do better ou blocks each woriuug for himself. The speaker, then spoke at length on socialism, ivtocli. he defined to be the widest application of the pnn- iple. of Operation, the State doing for toe^ individual what tliey as individuals cannot do for themselves. He said that several of their moskvalnable laws _ were nothing more nor less than socialiamjaud he refcirod to free and compulsory eduiation, destitute asjluius, hospitals, railways, post and telegraph departments, health and factory Acts, State Bank, produce export deiiartment, and other, institutums. Among toose, who he claimed as advocates of Socialism were Sir W, V Harcourt, toe Bishop of Melbourne, and other men of prominence. In concluding Mr. Feake stated that he was not toe nominee or rewtaentative of .any political party, hut stood as an Independent llheial cindldate. The ctndidate resumed his seat amid-ap Chairman asked anyone to put questions to the "ktoloonovan asked if the candidate was iu favor of Bible" reading iu State schools} Mr. Peake Kid1 he tonnlrht that was a ghost that had been raised. The referendum had decided toat question sofar as he was "^Mr ^ Lucas asked if the candidate would be in favor of the Government purchasing portions of large estates in centres of population with a view of obtain ing land for those people who had not any land}—Mr. PeLko said he was in favor of the repurchase of land for the P iri o e of closer settlement, hut ho would not purehaie toe land for purposes of rale, but for leasing. Mr Davis-m asked where would the money ana from to repurchase toe land T- Mr. Peake said Jhat tiie Treasurer had had a . surplus if about L60.00Q last fiSfd ye^ of which only about L20.000 wascx ha.usti.-d- He theught toat when toere was a surplus likctbat the money might be applied te repurehasiuR land for closer settlement.—Mr. Davison mid there must lie some provision made to meet the interest on the money borrowed for the repurchase of the land. iMr. Peake said it couia be raised out of ordmary revenue. In a case, like last year wheil there had 'been a handsome surplus they nuyht devote the eur 'plus to repurchase of lands, and the rental would meet the cost of interest. He would not be opposed to borrowing money for toe purpose of repurchasing land provided that the rent was applied to paying interest on the money borrowed for the purjwse. Mr HamPto.1 asked if toe candidate was in favor »f old age pensions}—Mr. Peake said that be could not give any definite opinion as to old age pviw;<«s until he had something before bini to go on. If it could be done without doing- an injustice old age pensions would be a good thing, but there must be Bume sub stantial foundations to work on. When the report of the Commission appointed in Victoria to enquire into the matter was made public then he might fee able to •express au opinion. " •Mr.-Hamilton ashed if t^uerioandidate was in favor offhe redistribution of seats bii the lpsfe of PQpu Jation?-MriTPeakeaaid he^vas not in favor o! it uii l^s there wag a basis to ap&yfc; the rtfy and -a .basis for the country. y: Mr. T.ucug asked If the candidate was in favor of putting a duty of-25 per cant, on goods manufacturer by foreign countries against local manufactured articles J—Mr. Peake said that so long as the duty on imported .articles brpught in a j-evenue he was not against it,-for we wpuld always have -t^try 4*eep up the rate customs duties for th» sake of revenue. The Chairman Jsaid be: tttfJUghtMr. Peake liad pdp understondMr.&ucasS; question. ■ What heJirtsheflMp ■ Jiuow wssiLfce «as4u tatpr of taxing Impori.iyl i coning into the cplony other than those frvm British pogSesgumsr-Mi. foahe said that-if-any piefei^u? was to be given he^wo'uldjrfve it to the old country. •Mr. Lucas said the jc&nmdflte; had riot "ohswerea ' question yet? Mri saidJiedidlhot" quitennder-* Btpnd the question. He believed iu freetrade as far; as we could get It. -Mr. Lucas—" Then how do you propose to make up the revenue we require. A few minutes ago you Baid youwjere in favor of a? duty oa imported articles ; now you say you are a freetrader.^** Mr. Peake— ea^y I believe lu freetrade as far as J can get^tt," He1 coqld not become an. absolute freetrader unless he favoied the doing away with the customs duties and putting all the tax on the land.- -t Mr. Donovan:--Is tKe candidate Tn favor of Bible Reading in State Schools. Last time he'Btood I Jbelieve befayo&tfUt.;' - Mr. Peake said >ljat be question. matter as far as he was concerned. That was the puly Mr. Lw^^kt^ jth?Sdid|t^^p wi^^^aTOr^" the xnihitoUm Wage as wai '-now. ttte'law Sri' vTctbrla? Mr. Peedteea^bewasin^ay or ofAho'mini «tttm WSge? .being applied "to'^Joverumcnt •umtc^s^pd.smbli^.. worths, but notto private coobrat^ ^^t jw^Ttrriot^' Mr. Mollis asked if- ti^e ^i»^^^''Wks5ri;favor,fifT the. saHway workmeu'is -ccftlafeeit b&rig;^floored'with: wood as advocated by- Mr. RXdduch ip^e.jUst BarlU meut? Mr. Pe&kejutf; hqwaa. m;jEayor;,6f ©Very.man' 4iav1hga wooden iloor.. *• Mr. BL, McDoi»ald pnjpo3^'U"^teof tlKxfik8 to the - candidate. Mr. J. B. BciinclijKtooiided the proposi tion aud it was carried amid applause. - Mr. Peake returned .thanks; and Tcdred'for aTy6tfc"bf' thanks to the ChairmauforpremdLig,. and HO'Mr. IL Caldwell, who -had Interspersed„hia meeting wjth imisiclal sglectious ou tHe piaiV&V; <Vhc'Miq'tiflii*V---! carried-with aedamatiou'andltifc^iecthfirtiosed;^^ 