The Ma-Not his oney BY V. F. TOWNSEND. ' She said she would be my wife, this Hester Lynne, to whom I in tended to offer my hand and name, because I liked her better than any woman in the world, and to whom I meant., to. be a true, indulgent husband. I intended to have it a fair.bargain--I've always believed in fair play.. There would be grace, youth, beauty onone side, and I honestly thought about all a man could' give"-foa woman on the other. But I will be a bachelor to the crack of doom before any woman shall bear my name who says she will take me with a voice like' that,' bringing down his, hand with a"' hard thud on the library 'table. ''"''m I a monster, I wonder, and have never discovered it before ? Is it my money after all she has made up her mind to marry-for they are all as poor as, church mice-and does she consent to takeine as 'a most disagreeable 'but inteitable appendage ? Heaven forbid that I should fall so low as to take her on such terms. Her mother was right. No woman loving a man ever said, with such a voice, she would be his wife.' But what was he to do ? . This.was the' perplexing problem which now stared Austin Flagg in the face. He felt that as a man of honour Fe had gone too far to retreat. His manner and attentions during the last month fairly justified Heater Lynne in what she had said to her mother, that she believed he would ask her to be his wife. He could not come to any conclusion which satisfied him, and all the time those hard, frozen, mournful tones were echoing among , his thoughts.' - S'Austin 'Flagg was' by turns per plexed 'enaged.-:?-:A.heavy' blow; had been deal?t to hies' self-love:" That serene. confidence in himself which he had borne about him so long was terribly shaken, as he. paced up and down the library that afternoon. But this much was certain,; he had never cared so much for Heater Lynne as at this time, and he had a feeling far deeper than he ever had before that her heart was a prize worth, the winning. And while the man was striding up and down the library, Hester Lynne had gone away from her mother to her own'room. Once there she drew a deep sigh, and her face, broke up out of its cold rigidness. ' I'm glad I told her-I'm glad =it's over !' she said, and the whisper was like a sob. ' Dear Heaven!' with a sudden tremble of pain about her sweet mouth, and' great' tears 'in her hazel, eyes. ' Remember that I was harassed and burdened' beyohd' my strength, and that I did it not for my self, but for their sakes.' And the words would have to lie between Heaven and her own soul; for she could not tell them even to her mother. There was a creaking and shivering through the vast building, followed by loud cries and wild rushes of feet ; then came a horrible, deafening crash which seemed like the breaking up of the earth's foundations. All this happened in a moment, while the birds were singing sweetly in miles of blossoming orchards around the old town of Mapleville that June morning. The proprietor of the great carpet works, and a gentleman _:with, whom; he was holding . a bussiess conference rushed out of the front office in dis may. - ~i' a moment they s:aw what~ the: crash meant. .The flooring of the: upper story of the great warehouse had fallen, carrying the lower ones with it. It was a horrible scene on which the two men gazed, and one' of these Austin Flagg. There was the vast wreck of fallen. walls and ceilings, the black clouds of dust which stifledand darkened the summerairandthepanic stricken faces and wild figures' on every side, which made one think of some old picture of Dante's ' Inferno.' The two men were silent, half stunned for,a minute or two,, for the scene,of terror and destruction. might well have shaken nerves of iron. The proprietor spoke first. 7 ~'I "hope to Heaven nobody is killed.' ' Yes; that is the first thought,' answered his companion. ' They had a moment's warning-enough to es cape, I hope.' ' There wasn't more than :a dozen all told on that floor,' said one of the workmen, who, white as a ghost and shaki?g like an aspen leaf, yet had not quite lost his wits amid the panic which had seized most of the em ,ployees. He had hardly 'spoken when' there was a,:sharp cry from two orx three voices among the crowd, and several arms were tossed upward with a. ges ture of despair. " Austin Flagg' rubhed 'toward the huge warehOuse, whose outer wall ' of stone'were intact despite the` wre'k which they, inclosed.' He looked up through the thick clouds of dust and floating stuff to the broken rafters and hanging timbers, and "'suddenly descried amid them a sight which turned the strong man's heart sick with pity and terror. A bey was up there, clinging to one of the planks, where the upper story had been a moment before. The board had snapped in two,. and the slender thing was creaking and bend ing with the-human :.life which clung to it, full sixty feet 'above' the vast wreck beneath.. You 'could see the face, gleaming, pallid, and rigid with terror over the swaying crowd, but no sound came from those white:lips ;the extremity of his peril" had; almost paraylsed the boy, only he''clung with a blind, desperate instinct to that swaying plank. It seemed that each moment must be his last. What'help was there for him--what way to reach him as he swung at that dizzy height above the heads of the shuddering crowd below,? . : Skilful brains, and strong. hands would in timie hiave 'planned and wrought his rescue. In half an hour perhaps they might have reached' in? with ropes and ladders, but the boy's life-hung upon seconds. Think of his white face shining up therein.the dark, wild vault, and out side the robinis singing among the roses and the apple-blossoms of that fair June morning. Suddenly,,close at Austin. Flagg's side, there was?` a cry- not. loud, but full of mental agony; the 'very crack ing of heart-strings init.:. 'It's my boy; my Dick! Oh, Heaven ! Is there nobody to help him ?' ....... The gentleman turned and saw the woman bare-headed with- coarse fea tures and hard hands-one of the work-women of the factory probably ; but whoever she was she was. the mother of the boy hanging up there ih mortal peril, and a mother's heart was in her cry, and a mother's' awful agony in the white, strained face. The sight, the sound, went to the heart of Austin Flagg, as nothing had ever done before, and stirred it to its depths. In ;a single instant he had made up his mind to try to save, the boy, even if it cost himJiis own life. In =another "instant it had flashed gcross -him that.. he had -no other life to'care 'for buithis own; no n:other's greylihairs woiild bebowed.with grieL for him; no wife's'heart would, ache; no little childreh mourn the lost shelter of their father's strong arms. He had only his fortune to leave be hind him, :and that seemed a little thing now. He hurried to the woman. ' I don't know as I can do it, but I will' try to save him,' he' cried, and sprang off. -The proprietor of the. mills heard. this speech. He attempted to rush after his frieid. ; ' You can't do it. You're a madman to think of it. You will only lose your own life'!' he shouted, but he was too' late. When Austin Flagg had been a boy he had gonie to sea on a merchant brig, and climbed 'the slippery masts in many a howling gale. His old ex perience nerved him now ; 'I cannot tell how it was done. Afterward, when he thought:it all over, it seemed to the man himself little short of a miracle that he ever climbed the sides of that old wreck of a warehouse. But he did it,, though every flight of stairs had gone the way of the wreck. He clung to snapped failings, to window . sills, and. ends of broken' beams; he swung from ,one point ":to''another ;he' ffiinid 'foot ing where' ay 'but a Swiss Imountaineer would have failed, and so, rising lightly 'and swiftly, he gained in an incredibly, short time, the highest story. A`narrow shelf of wall ran here along the side of the build ing to a rafter, on which rested the plank to which the boy clung. If the man 'had paused for ,a m'oment to iweigh> hi `i? 'hances his= nerves might have failed him, but one aim now absorbed' every thought and; energy'j f his lbeing, iand the: first"inti mation the crowd had of his purpose was the sight of the figure moving lightly and swiftly over that crumb ling ledge of wall,, which seemed a mere line along'he side of the build ing. They held their breaths in a suspense that was pain. They almost forgot the boy' in watching the man who had gone to save him, putting his own life at stake.. He reached the rafter at last.! The bboy had made up his mind that he could hold on'no'longer, when a voice close at hand, full of hope-and cour age, shouted to him: 'Don't let go ; I'll save you!' and the: words and the :voice: put new strength into fainting soul:and body. The man slid along the. rafter, as long ago he had slid along slippery, frozen masts, in the roar of the storm; he bent down, he' wound one arm tightly around the boy's waist, and lifted him up and bore him along the rafter., ' He must descend by the way he had' come, and there was now another life to care for. • Occasionally through the blinding clouds of dust the people who watched in strained; breathless eagerness below, caught glimpses of two figiies crawling along the narrow shelf of wall, and the man was ?carrying and, dragging, the boy !over.that dreadful path. :They ieached the 'windowt, and en the descent lay before them, but iAustin-Flagg remembered the way by which he-had come. He had slipped down two stories with, the half senseless boy, when a ma~ s sof wall ini the corner:above them dropped sud. idenly. A, part of, this 'heavy mass struck the man's left arm and it fell 'powerless by his side; but his right hand kept its powerful clutch on the 'boy. (Te be continued.) 