T^0Wm: I L^^^^^owi^j I By LA#R6i*0^-.ife/::;ig^Src.H (E. Murdoch ? vanHPev^er)?iiuttoor of 'No Proof,' I ll'^' 'chapter i: '? . IH It wag £ May morning in Glenville. Pretty. |« picturesque ..Glenville, low lying by the lake Nfl 6ll0re- With tiie' waters of the lake surging to ||B meet it^or coyly receding from it, on the one |H eide, anfi the green-clad hills rising gradually Pfl and gently on the other, ending in a belt of trees at the very horizon's edge. There is little, movement infthe ^uiet streets nf th« town at half-nasf oi-rh+ nVloolr In tin* morning, save for the youngsters who, walk ing, running, leaping, sauntering or waiting idly, one for another, are, or should be, on their way to the school-house Which stands ] upon the very southernmost -outskirts of the town, and a little way up the hilly slope, at a reasonably safe remove from the willow fringed lake shore. ! The Glenville schoolhouse was one of the earnest jjuuiic uuuuiugs eiecteu iu me village, and it had been 'located' in what was con fidently expected to be the centre of the place. But the new and late-coming impetus, which had changed the hamlet of half a hundred dwellings to one of twenty times that nurn- ! ber, and made of it a quiet and not too fa shionable little summer resort, had carried tlie business of the place northward, and its residences still farther north, thus leaving this seat of learning aloof from and quite above the newer town, in isolated and lofty dignity, surrounded by Jre,es; in. the. outskirts, ia fact, of a second belt of wood, which girdled the lake' shore, even as the further and loftier I fringe of timber outlined the hilltops at the I edge of the eastern horizon and far away. I 'Les call 'er the 'cademy?' suggested Elias I Bobbins, one of the builders of the gchoolr I louse, and an early settler of Glenville. i I 'What's to hinder?' I 'Nothin',' declared John Rote, the village I oracle. ''Twill sound first-rate.' I They were standing outside the building, just completed and resplendent in two coats of yellow paint, and they were just from the labor of putting in, 'hangin',' the new bell. ' All of masculine Glenville was present, and the other sex was not without representa tion. '? I 'Suits me down ter the ground!' comment ed a third citizen; and no doubt it would have j 6uited the majority, but when Parson Ryder j was consulted, he smiled genially and shook i his head. . j 'It won't do, I'm afraid, Eiias,' he said. ! ?'We're only a village as yet, and we can't ! even dub it the -High School, except from a : geographical point of view. However, we are bound, to grow, and our titles will come with the growth.' TM 'growth, after a timo, began; but it was onlyj a'-^ummer growth; and the sghoolhouse was still .a village sehoolhouse wita its mas I ter and- one-;under? or primary, teacher; and I to-day there' was a frisking group of the I smaller youngsters rushing about the school- J I yard, while the first bell rang out, and half a I dozen of the older pupils clustered about the I girlish under-teacher full of questions and I wonder; for Johhny Robbins, whose turn it : I was to ring the bell this week, after watching j I the dock, and the path up the hill, alternate I ly. until the time for the first bell had come, land was actually twenty seconds past, had I reluctantly but firmly seized the rope and I began to pull. I ''Taint no use, Miss Grant; I'll have to do lit. He told me not to vrait for nothin', never, Bwhen 'twas half-past eight, and so' — cling, ? flang. cling— 'I'm bound' — cling — 'ter do it!' I Clang. 'You see'— cling — 'even if he ain't B here — — ' Clang, clang, clang. ? The boy pulled lustily at the rope for about I fialf as long as usual and then he stopped. I 'You don't s'pose that clock c'ud be wrong, I do yo', Miss Grant? Mr. Brierly's never been I Liter'n quarter past before.' ?, . Miss Grant turned her wistful ana some what anxious eyes toward the eastern hori zon, and rested a hand upon the shoulder of a tall girl at her side. 'He may be ill, Johnny,' she said, reluc tantly, 'or his watch may be wrong. He's eure to come in time for morning song service. Come, 'Meta, let us go in and look at those I fractions.' Five-^ten— fifteen minutes passed and the I two heads bent ...still over book and elate. I Twenty minutes, and Johnny's head appeared I at the door, half a dozen others behind it. I 'Has he come, Johnny?' I 'No'm; sha'n't I go an' see ? ' I But Miss Grant arose, stopping him with a I gesture. 'He would laugh at us, Johnny.' I Then, with another look at the anxious faces, I 'Wait until nine o'clock, at least.' I Johnny and his followers went sullenly back I to the porch, and Meta's lip began to quiver. I 'Somethin's happened to him, Miss Grant,' I she whimpered; --I know eomethin' has hap Ijened]' .- .'- \\- I V'jSpnsense,'' «aid Miss Grant. But she went I to the window and called to a little girl at I play upon the green. .; I 'Nellie Pry! Come here,;^dear-' I Nellie Fry, an a, b, c student, came running ? in, her yejlow locks flying straight out behind ? ler.v '?????? - -- I 'What is it, Miss Grant?' I 'Nellie; did you see Mr. Brierly at break I fast?' I 'Yes'm!' I 'And— quite well?' I 'Why— I guess so. J He talked just like he I does always, and asked the blessin'. He— I he ate a lot, too — for him. I 'member ma I epeakin' of it' I 'You remember, Nellie.' I Miss Grant kissed the child and walked to I her desk, bending over her roll call, and eeem I ing busy over it until the clock upon the op I posite wall struck the hour of nine, and I Johnny's lace annear&d; at the door, simulta I aeously with the last stroke. 'Sh'll I ring,tMiss Grant?' I 'Yes.' The girl spoke with, sudden deci I eion. 'Ring the bell, and then go ^at once I to Mrs. Fry's house, and ask If anything lias I happened -to detain Mr. Brierly. . Don't loiter, I Johnny.' , . . ..,;^ : \ I -- Tiere waeanjanwonted flusfrnow iipQji^tne I girl's usually pale cheeks, and sudden energy I in her step and voice. ;' ^ - I The school building contained ,bat ''.; two I rooms, beside the. large hall, and the cloak I tooms upon .either, side; and as. the scholars I trooped in, taking their respective places -^ith I more than their usual readiness, but';with-4ih.- I usual bustle and exchange of whispers and jd I quiring looks, the slender girl went once more I to the entrance and looked up and down the path' from the village. - ..''?'' '' '? There was no one in sight, and she turned and put her hand upon .the swaying bell-rope. 'Stop it, Johnny! There's surely something wrong! ' Go, .now, and ask after Mr. Brierly. He must be ilL' 'He'd 'a sent word, sure,' said the boy, with conviction, as he snatched bis hat from its raU. But Miss -jrant only waved, him away-.and;enteried the fionfh. room, where the elder .pupils were now, for Jthe most part, a^ Bembjed.r ?''':. \ T ' ' ' ?. '??'?. ??.'?' 'Giteandftofs?' *he..said, the color still burning ibl'iier cheeks, .'something hds delay-: ed Mir.-Brleirly. I hope it will. be for* short I time-jpjUy.; ilfi the meantime, i#itU.|E£;lodow '^n^^wlmt^itp jexpect you will, ;ot:t course, I keep your places and take up your studies. I aia^iasB' I can trust you to be as quiet and studious :m M yopr teacher iwas^here; and^ MK^He sge wjitlfc -'&M; li- begin ifly^ lessons, I STO^/iibLaii^ii^ t^^^r^am «Qre I you will not neM'OTe/'r:y,,-i;':-;-,:^:-:- 1'1'^^'- ' -:'*' Therpuplifilot- GharleeBri^y; w^ I genflenesB zenfrMY&j;^Xtfey ?*?«!»» loyal to I «o mild a iToler. :;:-:^th^w ^whispers- and .words of acquiescence; they -todk up their books, , and . Mi^stGiaiit went jt&ck; to her more restless^ smpEfll people, leaving the con necting : ddori^bel^Sjpenv the north 'a^a south rooms open. ?;-.#.';'- ^-'. J . '.'. ''': -'s' ?,---? ' Mrs; Fry's ^oflaf &'was in Ihe' lieirt -6'f the village, -vafnff ?^Jj^jISg^liillside,; but IJQhnny stayed for nothing^ running hither, hat in hand, and returning panting, and with a trou bled face. -. ? ; 'Miss Grant,', he panted, bursting into her . presence with scant ceremony, 'he ain't there! Mrs. Fry says he came to school before eight o'clock. He. went out while she; was coinbin' Nellie's hair, an' she' ain't seen him since!' Hilda Gra'nt walked slowly down from her little platform, and advanced, 'with a waving movement,' until she. stopd in the doorway be tween the two rooms. Tlie color had all faded from her ; face;''and she put a hand against the door-pane as if to steady herself, and seemed to control or compose -herself with an effort. 'Boys— children— have any of you seen Mr. Brierly this morning?', ; For a moment there was an utter silence in' the schoolroom. Then, ? slowly, and with a sheepish shuffling-, movement, a stolid-faced boy made his way out from one of the side seats In Miss Grant'9 room, arid came toward her without speaking. He was meanly dress ed in garments ill-matched and worse-fitting: his arms were abnormally long, his shoulders rounded and stooping, and h5s eyes were at once dull and furtive. He was the largest pupil, and the dullest, in Miss Grant's charge, and as he came toward her, still silent, but with his mouth half opeii, some of the little ones tittered audibly. 'Silence!' said the'teacher, sternly. 'Peter, come here.' Her tone grew suddenly gentle. 'Have._ypu.seen Mr. 'Brierly. this morning?' 'Uh hum!' /The boy stopped short and hung his' head, . 'That's good news, Peter. Tell me where you saw him.' 'Down there,' nodding toward the lake. 'At the— lake?' 'Yep!'' 'How long ago, Peter?' ' 'Fore school— hour, maybe.' 'How far away, Peter?' 'Big ways. Most by Injun HiLLv 'Ah! and what was he doing?' * 'Set on ground— lookin'.' 'Miss Grant!' broke in the boy Johnny. 'He was goin' to shoot at a mark; I guess he's got a new target .down there, an' him -an' some of the boys shoots there, you know. GraciousJ.' his.eyes suddenly widening, 'Dy'u s'pose he's got hurt, anyway?' Miss Grant turned quickly toward the 'sim- pleton. 'Peter, you are sure it was this morning I that you saw Mr. Brierly?' j 'Uh huin:' i 'And, was he alone?' 'Uh hum.' 'Who else did you see down there, Peter?' The boy lifted his arm, shielding his eyes ?with it as if expecting a blow. j 'I bet some one's tried ter hit him!' com ' mented Johnny. j 'Hush, Johnny! Peter, what is it? Did ; some one frighten you?' j The boy wagged his head. I 'Who was it?' . . 'N — Nothin' — ' Peter began to whimper. 'You must answer me, Peter; was any one else by the lake? Whom else did you see?' 'A— a— ghost!' blubbered the boy, and this j was all she could gain from him. j And now the children began to whisper, and j some of the elder to -suggest possibilities. j 'Maybe he's met a tramp.' j 'P'r'aps he's sprained his ankle!' j 'p'r'aps he's failed into the lake, teacher,' j piped a six-year-old. | 'Poh!' retorted a small, boy. 'He kin swim like^ — anything.' 'Children, be silent!' A look of annoy ance had suddenly relaxed the strained, set ! look of the under teacher's white face as she recalled, at the moment, how she had heard Mr. Samuel Doran— president of the board of i directors— ask Mr. Brierly to drop in at his j office that morning to look at some specimen | school books. That was the evening before, I and, doubtless, he 'was there now. Miss Grant bit her lip, vexed at her folly and fright. But after a moment's reflection she turned again to Johnny Robbins, saying: 'Johnny, will you go back a6 far as Mr. Doran's house? Go to the office door, and if Mr. Brierly is there, as I think he will be, ask him if he would like me to hear his classes until he is at liberty.' Again the ready messenger caught up his flapping straw hat, while a little flutter of re lief ran through the school, and Miss Grant i went back to her desk, the look of vexation still upon her face. Five minutes' brisk trotting brought the boy to Mr. Doran's door, which was much nearer than the Fry homestead, and less than five minutes found him again at the school-house door. 'Miss Grant,' he cried, excitedly, 'he wa'n't there, nor haint been; ah' Mr. Doran's startin' right out, with two or three other men, to hunt him. He says there's somethin' wrong about it.' CHAPTER II. 'I suppose it's all right,' said Samuel Do ran, as he walked toward the eehoolhouse, fol lowed by three or four of the villagers, 'calk ed' because of their nearness, irather than 'chosen;' 'but Brierly's certainly the last man to let any ordinary . matter keep him from his post We'll hear what Miss Grant has to say.' ''] Miss Grant met the group at the gate, and when she had told them all she had to tell, ending with the testimony of the boy Peter, and the suggestion concerning the target shooting. 'Sho!' broke ia one of themen, as she was about to express her personal opinion and her fears, 'that's the top an' bottom of the hull business! Brierly's regularly took with ashootin' at a mark. I've been out with him two or three evenin's of late. He's just got int'rusted, and forgot ter look at his watch. We'll find him safe enough eom'e'res along the bank; let's cut across the woods.' uHe must have heard the bell,' objected Mr. Doran, 'but of course, ir Peter Kramer saw him down there, that's our way. Don't be anxious, Miss . Grant; probably Hopkins is righe* - ? ? .w.\ ?.-...?.:? The road which they followed for some dis- tance ran a somewhat devious course through the wood, which one entered very soon after leaving the eehoolhouse. It ran along the hillside, near its T3ase, but still somewhat above 'the -stretch of ground, fully a, hundred yards in width, between it and the lake shore. v; ???' ' Above the roao, to eastward, the wooded growth 'climbed the gentle upward, slope, growing, as it seemed, more and more dense and shadowy, as it mounted- But between the road and the river the trees grew less densely, ;with. numerous' sunny openings, but with much undergrowth, here and there, of hazel and sumach,' wiia- Vines,, and -along the border of the lake tie low over-hanging scrub OTiHoTO1-- ?'?:??:? ?-?..'? '??'? '?.''? ? -:-.'' ' ' ?? ' For more than a foiirfii ijof ^a mile .the four , men foUowedflieroaa, walking in coupler, and not far aparj;. and contenting themselves with I ah 0ccq.sidfnal r?'Hail6j ;Brierly!' iafili^tiipeer [ ing into lie openings, through ^which they i eouia see\thfe lake;:jBhor^;.as fifty' passed along. ??'.'?:'M;i':;:.' ; 'V.-- '??- . -7^j .'?.??'? - .;; ' ?A little further o^itoweyer,. a bitof rising grourud ' eu£?c*8! ^«Ui jsight^pif : 4he)iJake for- 4 stidrt distance. It-was an- oblong Moundi- eo shapely, eo : evenly, fproporflidned, ; thii v it- had become known as thelndian Mound, and1 was tMieye'jl to, ibaves bem ibe-#prk 3-f th0?$tM&U.; ginesr a prSiifiioric; ,V t ortification, ; iqjt burial ?place, ' ^A'^JM':^^-:^'^-^^''' &s; they cametippo^iie thte motrnd, the man Hopkins stopp^riisayi^;:-^ ^^V'-^- v^v-. . ; ' ! ? ? t ? ^J V. - . ' . ; r^* ?-'?- ? .-v ' ''??/- ??'- U_ .-.??' - -rV-j round the mound on t'other «ide? Gour^e^ if he's.on, the; bank, an' all. right, he'd ott.to hear us^-bMr— -' ? ??..''-; ':Yes;' brifeeinthe leader, who Jiad been silent and very -grave for some moments. 'Go that ;wayy Hopkins, and we'll keep, to the foad!an4:-«»eet you*a¥ the further end *-f the inound.' They -separated silently, ; and. for some mo merits Mr. Doran, and his companions walked on, still, silent, then— ' .-?- ; ., ?; - 'We ought to have brought that simpleton along,' Doran said, as if meditating. 'The Cramers live only a quarter of a mile beyohd the mound, and it must have been near, here -^Stop!' ' . , He drew his companions back from the track, as a pony's head appeared around a curve of the road; and then, as a black Shet land and low phaeton came in sight, he step ped forward again, and took off his hat . He was 6quarely in the middle of the road, and the lady in the phaeton pulled up her pony and met his gaze with a look of mute inquiry. She was a small, fair woman, with pale, regular features and large blue eyes. She was dressed in mourning, and, beyond a doubt, was not a native of Glenville. 'Excuse my haste, ma'am,' said Doran, coming to the side of the phaeton. 'I'm James Doran, owner of the stable where this horse belongs, and we are out in search of our schoolmaster. Have you seen a tall young man along this road anywhere?' The lady was silent a moment, then— 'Was he a fair young man?' she asked slowly 'Yes, tall and fair.' The lady gathered up her reins. 'I passed such a person,' she said, 'when I drove out of town shortly after breakfast. He was going south, as I was. It must have been somewhere not far from this place.' 'And — did you see his face?' 'No; the pony was fresh then, and I was in tent upon him.' She lifted the reins, and then turned as if to speak again when the man who had been a silent witness of the little dialogue came a step nearer. 'I s'pose you hav'n't heard any noise — a pistol-shot— nor anythin' like that, have ye, ma'am?' 'Mercy! No, indeed! Why, what has hap pened?' Before either could answer, there came a shout from the direction of the lake shore. . 'Doran, come^ — quick!' They were directly opposite the mound, at its central or highest point, and, turning swift ly, James Doran saw the man Hopkins at the top of it, waving his arms frantically. 'Is he found?' called Doran, moving to^ ward him. . 'Yes. ? He's hurt!' With the words Hopkins disappeared be hind the knoll, but Doran was near enough to see that the man's face was scared and pale. He turned and called sharply to the lady, who had taken up her whip and was driving on: 'Madam, stop! There's a man hurt. Wait there a moment; we may need your horse.' The last words were uttered as he ran up the mound, his companions close at his heels. And the lady cheeked the willing pony once more with a look half reluctant, wholly troubled. 'What a position,' she said to herself, im patiently. 'These villagers are not diffident, upon my word!' A few moments only had passed wheh ap proaching footsteps and the sound of quick panting breaths caused her to turn her head, and she saw James Doran running swiftly to ward her, pale faced, and too full of anxiety to be observant of the courtesies. (To be continued.) - 