Lost in tlie Storm. ? Walk fn, walk right in, you'ro welcome; Whow 1 how the wind whistles about. ' Take a chair close to the fire, nil' ; It's a bad Bort o' night to be out. You saw our light through' the darkness, _ And thought you woukl come? 1'hut's right. Somehow my heart's warmer and softer On ov'ry suoli blust'rin' night. 'You seem Bort o1 palf-like and nervous, Your walk was too inuuh, 1 think ; Come lo l-i'k, you're white as a ghost, sir Jv Seims to me you'd better drink. - , Well, well, I won't urge you, but really - , What's that you're tayii)' — this night, With its stiii'in, makes you think of another, And the mem'ry saddens you quite? * Mayhap if you'd toll me the story, 'Twould ease up your mind a bit. Twas just such a night as this one — 'Tain't likely I'll ever forgit— (Chat our blessing came,, and somehow When tho wind and storm are abroad, There's a quoer kind o' feelin' in here, A sort o thanksgivin' to God. What's that you are sayin' ? Oh, surely I couldn't ha' heard you right. Did you say that your wife went somewhere, Aud you dropped iu that night? .' That she went home kind o' early ; But they urged you to stay a spell, And told her you'd bring the baby, And see 'twas bundled up well? 'At last the wine you'd be'n drinkin* Had somehow got into your head ; The wind and the storm were dreadful When you started for home, you said ? See here, stranger, 'twasn't near Alta, Jnst five years ago to-night? I'm thinkin o' that place always, So I couldn't V heard you right. ' It was 1 And the baby you held it And staggered on through the snow. Your brain growin' drowsy and dizzy ; And that is the last you know Of that night and the storm, till some one Found you were crazy and wild, j And carried you homo ; but surely ! How didn't thoy find the child ? 'No? — well, I might 'a' known it. From the first, somethin' told me twas so. You say some wild beast had got it — There were tracks all about in tho snow. Stranger, seo here, if a fellow — A poor sort o' fellow, you see — Found a purse of gold that its owner Thought he had lost in the sea, ' And then he should meet with that owner, Do you think it would be a ain Just to keep it ? — when he who lost it Thought never to see it ag'in ? You do ? Wall, go on with your story, Your wife 1 Might V known she went wild, And told you not to come nigh her . Ag'in till you brought baok her child. ' Five years sad-hearted and lonely, Five years you've be'n wanderin' about. Ab, well, to me they've be'n happy ; Yes, wife, go bring Dolly out. I see my way clear to duty, When she s right here on my knee ; Her white arms clingin' about me, I'm a little faint-hearted you see. ? 'Come here, 'iittle Dolly, my baby, Give daddy ono more kiss, and then I'm a better man than, without her, I could ever hope to 'a' be'n. . .Now here is my story— don't cry, wife, It's tough, bnt it's right, you know : That night, sir, riding from Alta, V I was cursin' the wind and snow, ' W hen my horse stumbled right over something, And when I got off to see, 'Twas a dead man, leastways I thought so, And a child that smiled at me, I unbuttoned my coat and laid it In here away from the storm, And somehow, from that very minnit, My heart's be'n softlike and warm. ' We were comin' west, so we kept it j 'Twan't ours, and we might 'a' known v We'd some day get punished for keepin' The gold that wasn't our own; And while you were tellin' your story The Devil kept whisperin' to me, ' Don't tell him ; he never will know it : He thinks the child dead, you see. . ' But I just had to — that baby With her cute ways has charmed me quite ; Once I didn't care a copper, sir, If a thing were wrong or right. ? But now — well, here is your baby ; Her loss cured yoa of her sin. . Lost in the storm, the storm drove yon Bight here to find her ag'in.' — An American Exchange. 