A STIRLINGSHIRE PLOUGH MAN'S STORY. We were gathered round the bothy fire one cold winter night when the conversation turned on ghosts Eaoh member of the company had somo thrilling tale to toll, either of his own ex perience, or that of someone cleo, and when it came to Boh Morris' turn ho remarked, 11 1 sup pose, boys, none of you ever heard me tell of my experience H" M Never," we ohoruscd, " Let's heur it, Bob ?" and ho began ns follows "Some, fifteen years ago I was serving at Baukeud, on tbo west side of Denny 1 was second man on the farm, aud shared the bothy with two other young fellows, and a harom- fioarum set we were ; few ploys occurred in the district tbat wo had no hand in. How well I remember the midnight raid we pianued on an old geotleman's fruit garden, which stood about half a mile from tbe farm The night selected was well suited for our purpose, there boing no moon. Reaching the gardcu, wo scaled tbe wall, and in a short timo bad our pockotB well lined with apples, besides tilling n small sack, when the owner of tbe rineyard suddon!? appeared. Bob J'oncs, who was on the top of the wull with the bag, droppod Rafoly on the other aide, end we lost no time in following. "But the old follow was not to be done to easily, ami we soon discovered ho was on our track. About half-tray to tbo farm we came upon an old dusortcd mansion called Rowan- bank, which stood by the aide of the road, and had the reputation of being haunted. Never very particular at any time we were less so now, and hnd seurcely concculed oursidvcs in ono of lower rooms when tho old fellow cama puffing up. Ho paused irresolutely opposite the bouso, upparcutly uncertain whether we might not havn Ukeu refuge thorn. Just then a blood curdling yell ufluod from the building,"" and he immediately look to bin heels and away back tbe road bu came. 11 Vou will suppose, no doubt, tbat wo were convulsed with laughter ut this, but, if so, you were never more mistaken. We crouched in u corner of tho room too terrified to move. {Sud denly, without woriiiug, an inner door opened and a tall whito 'figure bearing a lighted lantern appeared ou the threshold. This whs too much, and with a wild rush wo reached the wiudow, and tumbled out. Quickly ssgaining our feet we struck a bee lino for tbe farm, arriving there without mishap. "Next day we beard that ' Daft Jack, 'the village ( natural' was boasting bow ho bad frightened some cbnps at tbo 4 big hooae ' tbe night before, and we wero inclined to believe his statement, wben, on investigation, wo found that the bag of fruit left bebiud in our hurry had disappeared. As we had a two-fold object, howovor, in keeping silent on tho subject, Jock was allowed to remaiu mnster of the situation, 