MISCELLANY. The Universal Profession.—That of gold-chaser. • A Virtue in Lawyers.—Their acts are always court-eous. The Man Who Should be "Rapped in Slumber." —The one who snores. A chimney-sweep is a good whist-player—Be cause he's always following soot. Conductor.—"Fare, please." Pat (just landed) "Sure, an' ain't this a frae country?" Teacher.—"And now, Edith, tell me the plural of baby." Edith (promptly).—"Twins." Tourist.—"Are we near the falls?" Guide.— "Yes, sir. As soon as the ladies stop talking you will hear the roar." Hawson.—"Some men go through this world as though they owned it. I wish I could." Blinks.— "Why don't you buy a wheel?" "What makes you think that Oldly is an honest man?" Because I heard him tell his wife that he stayed out all night to play poker." Arthur.—"I would marry that girl but for one tiling." Chester.—"Afraid to pop the question?" Arthur.—"No, afraid to question the pop." Mother.—"You don't know how you worry me, dear; why, my hair is turning grey I" Florrie— "My, liow you must have worried grandma; her hair is all white 1" "Ma, didn't you tell me that Miss Mature and her brother Bob were twins?" "Yes, Jimmie." "Must be some mistake, for he told me he was 35, and slie says she's 24." "Now, Bobby, you write a list of the toys you want, and we will send it up the chimney to dear old Santa Claus." "Oh, no, mamma, let me send him a list of the things I don't want." —o— Bobby—"Mamma, do the streets of Heaven flow with milk and honey?" Mother—"So the Bible says, dear." Bobby—"And is that why the angels ' have wings, cause the walking's so bad?" Magistrate—"Do you mean to say such a physi cal wreck as he is gave you that black eye?" Com plaining Wife—"Shure, yer honour, he wasn't a physical WTeck till after he give me th' black eye!" Toughmug—"Chimmie, what has become of Dippie Pete lately?" Chimmie.—"Well, you see, he got to doin' everybody he could, and now " Toughmug.— " Well ?" Chimmie, de sport.— "He's doin' time!" Prof, (lecturing).— "Oxygen, gentlemen, is es sential to all animal existence; there could be no life without it. Strange to say, it was not dis covered until a century ago, when " Student. —"What did they do before it was discovered, Professor?" Afterthe Elopement.—Artie—"Darling, you have no idea how anxious I was while you were coming down the rope ladder. I was so afraid you had not fastened it securely above." Susie—"You needn't have been alarmed, dear. Papa tied the knot for me." "That's a nice-looking dog," remarked the kindly old gentleman, who takes an interest in everything. "Yes, suh, he looks all right," replied the coloured man, who was leading him with a piece of rope. "He looks like a pointer." "Yes, suh. Da's what he look like. But dat ain' what he is. He's a disappointer." "And you bet SOdol. against lOOdol. that Stryker would win the fight? Why, he hasn't the ghost of a chance. He isn't in Muggsv's class at all. Muggsy would knock him out in less than a dozen rounds. You'll lose your money to a dead cer tainty." "That's all right. Don't you worry a cent's worth about me. I know the referee." This judicial mot is recorded of Sir George Jessel. the late Master of the Rolls, when sitting with Mr. Justice Bacon. A demented and en raged suitor who had been unsucccsful threw an egg at him in the corridor of the courts, which narrowly missed the judge's head. Smilingly, Sir George "turned round, and calmly remarked to the astonished bystanders, "I think that must have been intended for my brother Bacon 1" An eloquent, but short-sighted Aberdoniandivine recently occupied the pulpit in a rural parish. As only one person attended the service, the minister felt called on to apologise for the length of his discourse, hut as the congregation unanimously signified its approval of his preaching, the minis ter continued with renewed vigour and prolixity. The solitary listener consisted of his driver, who had been engaged by the hour. Down in Ohio, not very far from Cleveland, I took a carryall or omnibus at a country station to ride inland a few miles. The driver, who car ried the mail, was communicative. "You don't live round here, I s'pose?" he remarked interro gatively. "No; not now," I replied. "I'm from Chicago." "Pretty big place, ain't it?" he con tinued. "Ye6; it's a large city." I said. "I s'pose there's something goin' on there most of the time, ain't there?" he asked. I nodded affirma tively. "Well, we ain't so darned slow down here." he added. "Had a dance in the Hinckley Ridge schoolhouse last night, and there'll be a turkey raffle Tuesday." Colonel Gillam, with the Middle Ten nessee Regiment, was occupying Nashville during the late war. He stationed sen tries ami patrols in all the principal streets of the city. One day an Irishman, who had not been long enlisted, was put on duty at a prominent crossing, and he kept a sharp and faith ful watch. Presently a citizen came along. "Haiti Who goes there?" "A citizen," was the re sponse. "Advance and give the countersign," "I have not the countersign," replied the indig nant citizen, "and the demand for it at this time and place is unusual." "Well, begorrah! ye don't pass this way until ye say 'Bunker Hill.' " The citizen, appreciating the situation, smiled, and ad vanced to the sentry, and cautiously whispered tha magic word. "Right! Pass on!" and the wide awake sentinel resumed his beat. Captain B. was a strict disciplinarian, and his crew respected him. Not one of them would have dreamed of interpreting a command otherwise than according to the strict letter of the law: thinga must be done "shipshape" under his rule. One day, while the ship was in a certain port, the captain gave a dinner to some town friends, and, the resources of the ship not being extensive, some of the sailorB were deputed to reinforce the insuffi cient number of stewards by waiting at table. As these men were not used to such work, each one was told exactly what service would fell to his share. The hour came, and the dinner went on merrily. Presently, however, one of the ladies wanted a piece of bread. There was none very near her, and the finely-disciplined stewards seemed to be oblivious of her need. She turned her head, and spoke very softly to the man at her elbow. "Bread, please," she said. The looked regretfully at the bread, and then at her. It was evident that he would fain have helped her if it had been in his power. Saluting in fine naval style, he said, "Can't do it, ma'am. I'm told off for 'taters." A good American hotel clerk is expected to know everything. He must be able to read the inner most thoughts of every guest that comes to his house. He must be ready to answer every ques tion that is asked. Houston, Texas, is said to have one of the brightest hotel clerks in the world. He is alwayB affable, ready with every kind of in< formation, and never has to be asked twice for anything. Two "drummers" were sitting in the lobby of this hotel, and one of them was telling the other about the clerk's readiness. "I'll bet you two drinks," he said, "that if you open that news paper you have in your hand, select the first phrase tliat meets your eye, and then walk over to the clerk and say it over to him, be will respond in some way without a moment's hesitation." The "drummer" opened the paper by chance at a political article, and the first words he saw were "The greatest good to the greatest number." He walked over to the clerk's desk, leaned his elbow upon it, and said seriously, "The greatest good to the greatest number." The clerk smiled plea santly, touched a bell, and said to the bell-boy, "Take a bottle of whisky up to room 900." 