The Peal of Bells at St. John's, Camden J [Continued from the' issue of July 29.1 ? : Bell No. 4. . ' ; Arthur Pooley (Onslow), and Rosa ; ? Onslow; ~ ? . Content to filLa littlespaoe if thou be glorified.' Parents of Captain Onslow. 0,1 these we have not been able to learn more than that Mr. Onslow held some office : . iu the Indian Oivii Service ; and, that Mrs. Onslow was a daughter of Mr. Alexander v V Onlnmol -» vrr n £ .Qnnfrlis Wales in the (i thirties,' and a sister of Mr. George McLeay, formerly of Brownlow Hill. .Bell No. 5. , Arthur Alexander Walton Onslow. ' Ring in the Love of Truth and Right.' . 'King in the common Love of God.' This -bell,; commemorates Captain Onslow, whoso person was. familiar to most Camden people as a resident of Camden, ,.;v Park, as their Parliamentary repre ative, and a Magistrate. He was .born in India, and first visited this colony as an officer, in H. M. S. Herald. While . - , . at. Malta, as a Commander in one of Her ; ;1, V Majesty's ships, he was compelled to retire , from the. services through ill health, leaving it with the rank of Captain. He returned to ' \- tliis Colony, and married Elizabeth, the only 7 daughter of Mr. James Macarthur. . .fn 1878 his cousin Mr. William McLeay, (the later of two naturalists, relatives, of oame^, organized an expedition to ex .sy. ' plore the Fly River in New Guinea Mr. ' . McLsay purchased and equipped the ship ' Chevert,' ' for that purpose, and waa accompanied by Capt. Onslow; and Mr. T. ' .Reedy, the head gardener at Camden Park, : as botanist. ., On the way they made some . botanical excursions on tho Australian coast. The expedition failed in its chief purpose : in New. Guinea, through obstructions in the Fly 'River, but was fairly successful botanically. Capt. Onslow came of a distinguished v v , family, it having given three Speakers to : , the British House of Commons. Bell No. 6. Emily Susan, and Alexander Norman, , - children of Arthur and Elizabeth Onslo#'. ?' 'Blest Angels, while 'we silent lie,' ; . ' You Hallelujahs sing on High.' . ? They died young. ? ' Bell No. 7. Records a graceful tribute to the Giver of all good ; in the following, words : ???-.1 ' For peaceful homes and healthful days,' , , ' Wp owe thee thankfulness and praise,' ' Giver 'of all.' Bell No. 8., The largest of the peal. ? As No. 1 opened with a hymn of Praise, fio this, the last, appropriately closes with the grand old doxology. ' Praise Q-od from whom all blessings flow,' ^ tf Praise Him all creatures here below,' ' Praise Him above ye angelic host,' 'Praise Father, Sod, and Holy G-host.' 