» A WONDERFUL WOMAN; ; OR, THE DANGERFIELD TriYSTERY. BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor- ; ine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. i : CHAPTER XI. — (Continued.) "Sit down," he said, impatiently shift ing a-?yay from her glance, "and don't ©tare in that way, child. I don't sup pose it's anything to be alarmed about, only — I think I ought to fell. You're .-going to be married, and you ought to know. Then the burden and the secrecy (Will be off my conscience, and you can tell him or not, as you please. That Will be your , affair, and, if he deserts you " He stopped again, again pressed his hand hard over his forehead, as though the thread of his ideas had broken. "There is something queer the matter with my head," he half mut tered; "I don't seem able to talk or think somehow to-night." "Then I wouldn't try, papa," Kathe- S'ine interrupted, more and more alarmed; "you are looking dreadfully. Let me rin for Francos to see you, and send ffrr f.ne doctor. I am sure you are .fj-'t nt u be up." ' -W. Xih— cu.n >- k«?nd — ac jsSiy re; , j i ' \e n i ), ijk mmd i)?ht JC <i Sf I don't tell you now. I mar never i -ummon courage again. Ion ougnt .o know, child— you ought to know. You are not safe for an hour. It is like living over a lighted mine until ' that woman is dead. -You ought to tell him —that fellow— Dantfee, you know. It 'he deserts you. as I said, better to do It before the wedding-day than after. X know it is the' money he wants; I know he's a coward, and a humbug, and a fortune-hunter, and it may be the greatest mercy for you, child, if he does leave you before the wedding-day." Catherine started to her feet. "Papa," she cried, passionately, "this is too bad — too cruel! I thought you were never going to speak against Gas- , ton again; you told me you would not. Surely he has done nothing to deserve it. This day week is my wedding-day, and you talk of his deserting me. Papa, if such a thing happened— could happen— I would kill myself— I tell you I would! I would never survive such disgrace!" He sank into a chair in a dazed, help less sort of way. "What shall I do ?" he said, wearily; "what shall I do ? If I had only told tier years and years ago! . Now it is too late!" She stood and looked at him, pale with wonder and vague alarm. "Told me what ? Is it the secret . that Mrs Vavasor holds ? Why not tell ane, then ? Whatever it is, I can bear it; I can bear anything except your hard words of Gaston— your talk of his 'deserting me. Tell me, my father; I'm siot a chi,3d or a coward. I can bear it, .whatever it is." "You think so, but you don't know; you don't know! You hate that woman, and yon are so proud, so proud. You cannot bear poverty, you told me that; and I, what can I do ? I cannot save you from " His incoherent words died away; his head fell back. Katherine sprang to his side with a scream of terror. An other instant, and she flew to the bell, ringing a peaJ that nearly tore it down. lOh! What was this ? His iace »iad grown purple, his whole form rigid; what he had feared so long had befallen at last. He was stricken With apoplexy. The room filled with frightened ser vants. After the first shock, all Kathe- rine's senses came back. She de spatched a man at once to Castleford for the family doctor. Sir John was con veyed to bed, undressed, and all the restoratives they knew how to use ap plied. All in vain. With the dawning of the Christmas Day, the stalwart old soldier lay before them, breathing ster- torously, and quite senseless. Doctor Graves and his assistant, a young man, Mr Otis, arrived, and at once pronounced the fit apoplexy. They sent the pale girl in the festal dress, the shining pearls, and the wild, wide eyes, out of the room, and did their best for the master of that grand old house. But they labored in vain; the long hours Wore away, and still Sir John lay rigid land senseless where they at first laid Slim. SW-hite as a spirit, almost as cold, al- Biaost as still, Katherine went up to her iroom. She made no attempt to change &er; dress, to remove her jewels. She had ioved. this most indulgent father very Nearly— the possibility that he could be taken from her had never occurred to foer. Only yesterday morning he had ridden with her over the downs, only last night he had sat at the head of his table and entertained his guests. And r.ow— he lay yonder, stark and lifeless— iete-ad already, for what she knew. She could not rest. She left her room, told paced up and down the long cor ridor. He was not dead— she could hear Ms loud breathing where she walked. She Could not cry; tears, that relieve other yeomen, other girls of her age, rarely Came to Katherine. She felt cold and /wretched. How drearily still the great iiouse was! Would those two doctors merer upen that door and let her in to he, famer; What had he been trying fa tell .hei : — y. hat dreadful secret was r c ) if life, and which o iai le? He had talked « C a t 1 d ner. The wedding must be postponed now, and postponed Weddings were always ominous. How jvas it all g-oing to end? She shivered in her low-necked and ©hort-sleeved dress, but it never occur red to her to go for a wrap. She stood land looked out of the oriel window once more. Morning was breaking— Christ- anas morning— red and golden, and glorious in the east.' The first pink rays of the sunrise glinted through the leaf less trees, over terrace and glade, lawn and. woodland. Outside the gates the Carol singers were blithely chanting al ready; new life — new joy everywhere iWithout; and within, the lord of this stately mansion, of this majestic park, Say dying, it might be. But it was. not death; The door open- fed presently, and the pale, keen face of Mr Otis, the assistant, looked out. "Sir John has recovered conscious ness, Miss Dangerfield," he said, "and is asking for you." "Thank Heaven!" Katherine's heart responded but the dreary oppression 'did not lift. She went into the sick room, knelt down beside the bed in her shining robes, and .softly kissed the helpless hand. "You are better, papa?" "But Doctor Graves interrupted at pace. "You may remain with Sir John, Miss Dangerfield; but neither of you must speak a word. Danger is over for the present, but I warn you the slightest excitement now or at any future time snay prove fatal." The eyes of the stricken man were fix ed upon her with a strange, earnest wistfulne-ss. He tried feebly to- speak — Ills fingers closed almost convulsively ever hers. She bent her ear to catch his Words. . "Send for Harnmersly — I must make my will." She kissed him soothingly. "Yes, papa, darling; but not now.- OTiere's no hurry, you know— all present danger is over. You are to he very still, ' and go to sleep. I will stay by you and watch." "You will drink this, Sir John," Dr. Graves said, authoritatively, and the ; sick man. swallowed the opiate, and, with his hand still clasped in Kathe rine's, fell asleep. Dr. Graves departed. Mr Otis remain ed; Katherine kept her vigil by, the bed- ' side, very pale in the sunlight of the new day. Mr Otis watched her furtively from his remote seat. Hers was a strik ing face, he thought, a powerful face — a face full of character. "That girl will be no common woman," he thought; "for good or for evil, she's destined to wield a powerful influence. You don't see such a face as that many times in life." The weary moments wore on. The Christmas morning grew brighter and brighter. The house was still very quiet. Outside the wintry sunshine sparkled, and the trees rattled in the frosty wind. The pale watcher lay back in her chair, paler with every passing moment, but never offering to stir. How white she was, how weary she looked. The young doctor's heart went out to her in a great compassion. "Miss Dangerfield, pardon me, but you are worn out. There is no danger now, and you may safely trust Sir John to my care. Pray let me prgfe.il ipen -y. to go and he down. ' She opened her eyes, and looked at him in some surprise, and with a fa.inr. smile, j ' "I ou are very kind/' she said, gontiv". ! o,(. I ,i n,-, 1 1 LCli hot LP b ' awoke.-' - There was nothing more to be said — Miss Dangerneld's tone admitted ot no dispute.- Mr Otis we,nt back' to. his seat, and listened to the ticking of the clock-, and the sighing of the, December wind. It wras almost noon when Sir John awoke — much better and quite con scious. His daughter had never stirred. She bent over hirn the instant Iris eyes opened. "Papa, dear, you are better?" "You are here still, Kathie?" he said feebly. "Have you never been to bed at all?" "No, Sir Jolin," Mr Otis interrupted, coming forward; "and I must beg of you to use your influence to send her there. Her long vigil has quite worn her out, but she would not leave you." She stooped and kissed him. "I will go now, papa. Mr Otis and Mrs Harrison will stay with you. I do feel a little tired, I admit." . Sir John's attack seemed but slight, after all. He kept his bed all next day, but on the third was able to sit up. "And I don't see any necessity for postponing our wedding, Katherine," Mr Gaston Dantree said, "since by New Year's Eve Sir John will be almost com pletely restored." "But he will not be able to drive to the church with me, Gaston," Katherine argued. "Dr Graves will not permit him to leave the house for a fort-night, and. besides, the excitement." "Katherine," her lover interrupted, decidedly, "I will not have our marriage postponed — the most unlucky thing con ceivable. If Sir John is not able to go to church at Castleford and give you away, why, let us obtain a special license, and have the ceremony here in the house. If the mountain can't come to Mahomet, why, Mahomet can go to the mountain. A wedding In the house would be a vast deal pleasanter to my mind than in pub lic at Castleford, with all the people of the parish agape at the bride and groom, and all Castleford barracks clanking their spurred heels and steel scabbards up the aisles, putting us out of countenance." Katherine laughed. "My dear, bashful Gaston, the first time I ever dreamed that anything earthly could put you out of counten ance! Well, I'll ask papa, and it shall be as he says." Miss Dangerfield did ask papa, and. father to her surprise, received an al most eager assent.: . "Yes, yes," he said, feverishly. - "Dan- tree's right— a postponed marriage is the most unlucky thing on earth. We won't postpone it. Let a special license be obtained from the archbishop, and let it be in the house, as Dantree sug gests, since my driving with you to church is an impossibility. Since it must be done, 'twere well it were done quick ly. Let the summer drawing-room be fitted up, -ana let the ceremony be per formed there." Mr Peter DangeriEield had been a daily visitor at Scarswood ever since his un cle's illness — no nephew more devoted, more anxious than he. The baronet lis tened to his eager inquiries after his health, his son-like anxiety, with a cyni cal smile. "If I were dead there would be no one between him and the title—you under stand. I have no doubt Peter is anxi ous that— I should never recover." "Something's happened to Pete, papa," answered Katherine thoughtfully. "He's got quite a new way of talking and car rying himself of late. He looks as' if some great good fortune had befallen him. Now, what do you suppose it can be?" "Great good fortune," Sir John re peated, with rather startled face. "I think you must be mistaken, Kather ine. I wonder,". very slowly this, "if— if he— has been in communication with Mrs Vavasor since her departure." For Mrs Vavasor's presence in Castle ford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. She never ventured abroad by day, and had as sumed an alias. She and Mr Danger- field kept tryst in the evenings, in lone ly lanes and deserted places, and no one save himself dreamed of her presence. But three days now to the wedding- day, and those three flew apace. It had been arranged that since, contrary to all precedent, the marriage was to be performed at Scarswood, it should also take place in the evening, to be followed, in the good old-fashioned way, by a sup per and a ball, and the bridal party start next day for the Continent. The hour was fixed for seven, and half the county invited. Sir John's progress towards strength was very slow. Some secret anxiety seemed preying on his mind and keeping him back. He watched his idolised darl- ing flying up and down stairs,, dashing, bright as the sunshine itself, in and out of the room, singing like a skylark in her perfect bliss, and he shrank from the sight as though it gave him positive pain. "How can I tell her," he thought; "how can I ever tell her! And yet 2 ought— I ought." Once or twice he feebly made the at tempt, but Katherine put him down im mediately in her decided way. "Not a word now, papa- -I won't have it. I don't want to hear any nasty, an noying secrets two days before my wed ding, and have my peace of mind dis turbed in this way. If I've got to hear this disagreeable thing, let me wait un til the honeymoon is over- -Gaston will help me bear it then. You tried to teil me on Christmas Eve, and brought on a fit of apoplexy; and now, contrary to all medical commands, you want to be gin over again ,and bring on another. But I'm mistress of the situation ait pre sent, and I won't listen; so set your mind at rest, and don't wear that gloomy countenance on the eve of your only daughter's marriage." He was too feeble -to resist. He held her to him a moment, and looked into the happy young face with a weary sigh. "I suppose few fathers look very joy- OU8 on the eve of an only daughter's marriage, and I have greater reason than you dream of to look gloomy. But let it be aa you say — let us postpone the evil hour as long as we can." The last day came— the day before New Years Eve. The bride-elect had been busier even than usual all day. Dantree dined and spent the evening i there alone. They were both very grave, very quiet; that long, peaceful evening, the last of her youth and her happiness, never faded from the girl's memory. The picture, as she saw it then, haunted her to her dying hour — the big, lamp-lit drawingroom — her father's quiet figure lying back in his easy chair before the fire — her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she herself nestl ing in an easy-chair, listening to the music and his whispered words — the "sweet nothings" of courtship. She fol lowed him out into the grand portico en trance of the house to say good-bye for the last time. The cold, white moon sailed up the azure, the stars were num berless, the trees cast long, black sha dows in the ivory light. The night air sighed faintly in the woodland; some thing in the still, solemn beauty of the dying night filled the girl's heart with a sense almost of pain. "The sun will shine to-morrow," Gas ton v hispered; "and 'blessed is the bride that the sun shmes on.' Good night, my aarling. tor the last time." | he i-i'i 1 r m his arms a moment— for ' t Q T » rut The last time! And no fuiebo-.iiuK of all that was so near at hand came to her as she stood there. The promise of the night did not hold good. MY Dantree's prediction as to the sunshine was not destined to be fulfilled. The last day of the year dawned cloudy, cold, and overcast, A long lamentable blast soughed up from the sea, the low- lying sky frowned darkly over the black, frost-bound earth. "We're going to have a storm," Sir j John remarked; "our guests must reach us through a tempest this afternoon." The storm broke at noon — rain, sleet, and roaring wind. Katherine shivered as she listened to the wild whistling of the blast. She, usually the least nerv ous and superstitious of all human be ings, felt little cold chills creeping over her as she hearkened to its wintry howls. "It sounds like the cry of a banshee," she said, with a shudder, to Edith Tal bot. "Such a wild, black, sleety, wret ched winter day! And last night there was not a cloud in the sky! Edith, do you believe in omens?" "I believe this is a disagreeable day, as it is in the nature of December days to be, and that you are a nervous little goose for the first time in your life. You don't suppose Mr Dantree is sugar or salt to melt in the rain, or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't be so restless and fidgety, Kathie or you'll make me as nervous as yourself." The short, dark, winter afternoon drag ged on. With the coming of the night the storm seemed to increase. The roar of the winds deepened, the dull thunder of the surf on the shore reached them, the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain, and the ceaseless sleet lashed the glass. "An awful day for a wedding," even the servants whispered. "No wonder poor Miss Katherine looks like a ghost." She was pale beyond all the ordinary pallor of bridehood — strangely restless, strangely silent. Darkness fell, the whole house was lighted up; flowers bloomed everywhere, as though it had been midsummer; warmth and luxury everywhere within contrasted with the travail of the dying year. Under the Yiands of her maid, Katherine sat pas sive to all, changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind, every dash of frozen rain, she seemed to hear the warning words of her old nurse: "False as fair! False as fair." Six o'clock. The rector of Castleford and his curate had arrived. Half -past six! The musicians had come, and the earliest of the nuptial guests; the roll of carriages could be heard through the tumult of the storm. "I wonder if Gaston has arrived?" Katherine said. It was the first time she had spoken for half an hour. Her attendant brides maids. five besides Miss Talbot, were all there. The dressing-rooms were bright with fair girls, floating tulle and laces, and fragrant with flowers. Miss Talbot and the French maid were alone with the bride. The last touch had been given to . the toilet. The robe of dead- white silk swept in its richness far be hind, the tall, slim figure looked taller and slimmer than ever, the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, light- brown hair, the bridal veil floated like a mist over all. The last jewel was placed, the last ribbon tied, the last fall of lace arranged. She stood befoi'e the mirror, fair, pale, pensive— a bride ready for the altar. Seven o'clock! The Swiss clock, tel ling the quarters and the hour, startled them. How the moments flew— how fast the guests were arriving through the storm. The roll of carriages was almost incessant now, and lifting her dreamy eyes, Katherine repeated her inquiry: "I wonder if Gaston has come?" "What a question!" cries Miss Talbot. "A bridegroom late, and that bride groom Mr Dantree, of all men. Of course, he has come, and is waiting in a fever of impatience down stairs! Ninon, run and see." "Mademoiselle, how strange. Monsieur Dantree has not arrived. Monseigneur the' abbe is ready and Waiting— all the guests are assembled, but, mon bieu, the bridegroom is late." Miss Talbot looked at her friend. Neither spoke nor moved. The flock of bridesmaids, "a rose-bud garden of girls." came floating in with their misty drapery, their soft voices, and subdued laughter. It was seven o'clock, and the wedding hour. There was a lap at the door. Ninon opened it. and old Sir John, white as ashes, and trembling on his stick, en tered and approached his daughter. "Katherine, Dantree has not come." "I know it. father. Something has - happened." Her voice was quite steady, but a grey, ashen terror blanched her face. "Had you not better send to More- cambe?" Edith Talbot interposed. "He was quite well when I left this morning. Has George arrived?" "Your brother is here, Miss Talbot." "And what does he say?" "Nothing to the point. Before dark Dantree left him to go to his room and dress. Your brother when starting for here sent him word, and found his room deserted. Taking it for granted he wished to be alone, and had left for Scarswood before him, your brother came over- at once. He was astonished when he arrived at -not finding him here." And then dead silence fell. What did it mean? Below the guests had gathered in groups, whispering ominously; in the "bridal chamber" bride and bridesmaids looked at each other's pale faces and never spoke. One by one the moments told off. A quarter-past seven, and still no bridegroom! Then all at once, wheels dashed up to the ctoor— in the entrance hall there was . the sudden bustle of an arrival Kather ine's heart gave one great bound; and Edith Talbot, unable to endure the sus pense, unable to look at her friend's tortured face, turned and ran out of the room. "Wait," she said. "I will be back ha a moment." She flew down the stairs. Some one had arrived — a gentleman— but not Gas ton Dantree. The newcomer, pale, breathless, eager, was only Peter Dan gerfield. But he might bring news — he looked as though he did. She was by his side in a moment, and her hand on his arm. "What is it?" she said.. "Has anything happened to Mr Dantree?" "Yes, Dangerfield," exclaimed Captain Devere, coming forward. "As second best man I have a right to know. Shor ten the agony, if possible, and ov® with it. What's up? The hour is pass, and the bride is waiting. Where is the bridegroom?" CHAPTER XII. — THE TELLING- OF THE SECRET. Where was the bridegroom? Gaston Dantree bade good'- bye to Katherine Dangerfield, ; and ro'ie down that noble avenue of elms leading!. , to the ponderous gates. His horse's, Ydbtsteps rang clear and shar.p through the still, frosty air, the silvery mist -of moonlight bathed all. things in its pale; mystic glow. He paused an instant to look back ere he rode away. What a fair domain it was — what & stately .sweep aC r«ark. and glade, and woodland — fairer thah ever in the pearly light of the 'December moon. How noble' the old house looked, with its turrets, its peaked gables, its mas sive stack of chimneys. And to-mor row all this would be his — his — he an outcast of the New York streets. He laughed softly, exultantly, to him self, as he turned and rode swiftly away. "It's better to be bom lucky than rich; it's better to be born handsome, than lucky. A clear complexion, and' a set of regular features, a tenor voice, and in sinuating manners, have done more for me than they do for most men. They have made my fortune. Half the men and women in the world are fools at best, and don't know how to- use the gifts with which nature endows them. I was born in the gutter, brought up in the streets, adopted out of charity, turned out for my shortcomings, to starve, or steal, or go to State prison, or — become the literary hack of a sport ing paper, ill-paid and ill-used! And now — tq-morrow is my wedding-day, and a baronet's daughter, and the heiress of eight thousand a year, is to be my bride. Gaston Dantree, I con gratulate you again, and still again. You're one of the very cleverest fellows I ever kne-rtr in the whole course of my life." And then, as Mr Dantree rode over the moonlit high road, he astonished belated wayfarers by up lifting his voice in melody, so sweet and clear that even the sleeping nightingales, had there been any in December, might have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on their axles for him. A bride, and a fortune, and a life of perpetual pleasure, lay beyond' to morrow's sunrise.- There was only one thorn in all his bed of roses — Marie. "If she should come, after all ! and Satan himself, I believe, can never tell what a woman may do. You may be as certain as that you live she will take one course, and ten to one she takes the direct opposite. For Marie de Lan- sac to pursue any man, though he sat on the throne of the Csesars, is the most unlikely thing on earth, and for that very reason she may turn up now. If she should appear to-morrow, and for bid the marriage!, Such things happen sometimes. Or, if she should turn up a year hence, and proclaim my secret and her wrongs! And bigamy's a de vilish ugly word!" " The shadow of the avenger pursued Mr Dantree into dreamland. His vi sions this ante-nuptial night were all dark and ominous. He fell asleep, to see the face of the woman he feared, dark and menacing; he awoke, and fell asleep again, to see it pallid and de spairing, wild with woman's utmost woe. He started out of bed at last, at some abnormal hour in the dismal dawn, with a curse upon his lips. Sleeping or waking, the face of Marie de Lansac haunted him like, an avenging ghost. (To be continued.) 