WONDERFUL WOMAN; | THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. BT MRS MAT AGNES FLEMING. Author of "Wed, Tet No Wife," "Korinę •• "Baronet's Bride," Etc. CHAPTER .H.—(Continued). • 'xoir, Peter, don't put on that illtempered face; it quite spoils your good looks and you know you^have none to ,,oi]lępare, I mean. Well, yes, then; I am afraid you must consider yourself rejected. I reallv should like to oblige von in tliif matter, but you perceive I "sui t. Come, let us mate It up—Tm not angry— and take me back to the drawicCTOom for my dance. TJt is a sin to Jci such, music as that." "In one moment, Katherine. Will vou answer me this, please? Is it for Gaston Dantree I am refused?" "Cousin Peter, I shall lose my temper 5f you keep oil. If there was no Mr psatree in the case, I should reject you all the same. You're very well as a first cousin: as a husband—excuse me noulfln't mam" you if you were the only man left in the world, and the penatty of refusing you be to go to my grave an old maid. Is that answer decisive enough?'' . . ».,.. .. j •Very nearly! Thank you far your plain speaking, Kathie.". He was very white With suppressed anger. "But lest Tve should misunderstand each other in ilie least, won't you tell me whether or ii-łt 3Ir Dantree is to be future lord of Scars wood Park? Because, in that case, f,,r the honor of the family 1 should endeavor to discover the gentleman": tei-edents. A classic profile and a fine T(iji.e for sinking may be sufficient virtue? in the eyes of a young' lady of seventeen, but I'm afraid they would hardly satisfy the world or Sir John." • For the world I don't care that! For Sir John, whatever makes The happy, viii satis'}" hini. I a in trying to keep lay temper. Peter, but don't provoke me loo far—it's not safe. Will you, or will voa not. take me out for the dance? air. nut accustomed to asl; favors twice."' How queenly she says it—the heiress of Searswood' "And it is for this Yankee singin. 3ian—this needy adventurer—this negro minstrel in his own land—that I am cast She whirled round upon liim in a simra of sudden fury, and made a step towards him. But rage lent him courage: he stood his ground. "•'Tou little wretch!" cried Miss Dan j^rlield. "how dare you stand tiiere and say such things to me? How dare you call Gaston Dantree an adventurer? You »ho would not presume to call your soul your own in his presence! Negro minstrel, indeed ! You wretched little attorney! One should be a gentleman to judge gentlemen. That's why Mr Dan trer is beyond your judgment! Don't ever speak to me again. Your very offer is an insult. To think that I—I ivuuld ever marry you—a little, rickety d",varf.'' And then dead silence fell. I don't uphold this heroine of mini her temper is*» abominable, I'll allow; but the moment the last words passed her lips her heart smote her. Paler DangerSeld stood before her white death, and trembling so that he was forced to grasp a gilded flower-stand for support- "Oh. Peter. I aiu sorry!" she cried out- "I didn't mean that—I didn't! didn't—forgive it—forge! It—my temper is horrible—Vm a wretch; but you know"'—suffering a slight relapse—-'it. was a!! your own faulL Shake bands, cousin; and oil. do—do—do forget my wicked words!'' But he dreV back from the outstretched hands, smiling a ghastly smile enough. "Forget them ? Certainly. Cousin Catherine: I'm not the sort of fellow to bear spite. Tou're very good, and ail that: but. if it's ail the same to you, I'll not shake hands. And I won't keep you from dancing that quadrille any longer. Til not be your partner. I don't dance as well as Mr Dantree, and I see him earning this way now. Excuse me for having troubled you about this presumptuous love of mine; I won't do it again." Then he mrned away, and Gaston Dantree. looking like a picture in a frame, stood in the rose-wreathed entrance arch. "I am sorry, and I have apologised." Katherine said, coldly, ' l' can do no more-" "Xo more is needed. Pray, don't keep Mr Dantree waiting. And I would rether he did not come In here just now " ''Come, Kathie," Mr Dantree calted Sottlv. It had come to "that, then: it was -Kathie" and "Gaston." He saw him flraw- her hand under his arm as one' tavuig the right, whisper something in her ear that brightened her face "with sunshine, and lead her,a way. Peter Dangerfield stood alone- He £atehed them quite out of EigŁt_his Wetli set. his face perfectly colorless, aaa a look of evil in his small eyes. I have readof men who sold their souls to ihe devi, for a price," he said, be- InrT ^ Set teeth " suppose the days «r such bargains are over, and souls arc Plentiful enough in the kingdom of his ?ark majesty, without paying a farthing. • out "t if If those days davc could come again, and sto°d beside me. I would sell my soul now for ' revenge on you!" "'Are you sure you have one to sell ? "ear. sharp voice close, behind him , . 1 never thought lawyers were •™J>led With those inconvenient . apwThff ^ ^ ^ Well, If guhave, keep it; it's of no use to,me. fc,. 11 Satan, either, but yet I m-ea^e " a Priee 1 sive you *"° ur round with a stifled excla- CHAPTER III.—AMONG THE ROSES. Bmii»„r?° d „ beEUe Wm I her ceaseless looiriJ V, lS bri » htest on her small face, 501116 little MephSsto- Be ™„ to t e m w a modern Faust e put up his eyeglass to look at her. ? » or seous little creature she t'" "was his first thought. Vto™ 5e " ow ,lght ot « « conser- VtiSl' , amber si,k glittered with Its ®ore"Li UStre ' The yellow she ^ an admirable foil for .r^ad black hair. Dw?^^? deuce brin S* me here? Uon. rJnT 16 you, " self t<> ask the W - rve w your ^ e asks M; for you.' tont^°t ea ?' esdrop P to e' , -to heroirtest sta^T.T'f intentionally, you unders t a » y o u n S man conOnued to ^ S ^TlL^ her through his byThe^; Entering the conservatory f la]nce - I overheard MiES J^ngerfield-s last words to you; * ęrałulalt. "Permit me to conyou, Mr Dangerfield.' -ugratulate me!" Mr Dangertelfl re- S S L Ws double^barraild ttrsS"^ glowering vengefuUy at aivfnv 63111^ hi s side. name, on what ^ having escapśa^ =cars«ood and tSehr thousand^ 359 year -would counterbalance so atrocious! a temper as that." "Eight thousand a year-would counterbalance with me even a worse temper than that, Mrs "Vavasor," itfae lawyer answered, grimly. "Iam only sorry lam not to have the opportunity of trying. Once my wife, I think I could correct the acidity of even Katherine DangerfieM's' temper and tongue." "No, you could not Petruchlo himself would fall to tame this shrew- Tou see, Mr Dangerfield, I speak from experience. I know what kind of blood flows in our spirited Katherine's veins." "Very good blood, then, I am surevery good-tempered, too. in the main—at least, on the father's side." "Ah, on the father's side!" The sneer with which tills was said was indescribable. "May I ask if you knew her mother, Mr Dangerfield?" "Certainly I did—a very fine woman, too, and as amiable as she was handsome. Colonel Dangerfield <Sir John was colonel then) married a Miss Lascelles, and Katherine was "born in this very h-suse. while they were making their Christmas visit You may have known her father and mother—you certainly seem to know Sir John suspiciously well but don't tell me Katheiine took her tantrums from either of them—I know better." "I see you do—you knor- all about It How old was Katherine when her Bather and.mother left England for India?" "Two or three , years, or thereabouu- II Seems to mer-being so well acquainted, and ail thatas you Bay—yóu .óught to 'know yourself. Was Jt jn England or India s ou came to know Sir John so well?" :jn neither, Mr Dangerfield," "Or does, your acquaintance extend only to the baronet? Gad! he looked like an incarnate thundercloud when presenting you. His remembrances of vou must be uncommonly pleasant ones" I should say. Did you know the late Mrs Colonel Dangerfield. Mrs Vavasor ?•• "I knew tie late Mrs Colonel Dangerfield, Mr Dangerfield." "And yet you say Katherine takes her temper from her mother. My late auntin-law must have greatly changed, then, from the time I saw her last "I repeat it" Mrs Vavasor said, tappingherfan,"Katherine inherits her most abominable temper from her mother, the only inheritance her mother ever left her And she looks like her—wonderfuliv like her—so like," Mrs Vavasor repeated, in a strange, suppressed voice, "that I could almost take her for a ghost in pink gauze." "Like her mother!" cried Peter Dangerfield. "I beg your pardon, Mrs Vavasor, but you must be dreaming. She is no more like her mother than I am. The late Mrs Dangerfield was a handsome woman." "Which our spirited heiress never will be. I agree with you, Mr Dangerfield; and yet you told me vou were in love with her. and wanted to mamher." "I meant what I said." the voung man responded, sullenly, "I do want to marry her." '"Or her fortune—which?" "I don't see that that's any business of yours. Mrs Vavasor, and I don't see what 1 am standing here abusing Katherine to you for. You don't like her do you? Now, what has she ever done to you?" "Nothing whatever—I haven't seen Katherine until to-night for fifteen years. She was two years old then—a little demoiselle in short clothes, and too voung to have any enemy." "Yet you ate her enemy, Mrs Vavasor, and you sit at her table and eat her bread and salt And you speak of her mother as if you detested her. Is it for the mother's sake you hate the daughter?" "For the mother's sake." She repeated the four short .words with a concentrated bitterness .that rather repelled her companion. "And you hate her for her own, Mr Dangerfield." She laid her little hand suddenly and sharply on his arm, and sent the words in his ear in a sibilant whisper. "We both hate her; let us make, common cause together, and have our revenge." Peter Dangerfield threw off the gloved band that felt unpleasantly like a steel manacle on his wrist- "Don't be melodramatic. If you please, Mrs Vavasor. Revenge, indeed! . Audi a lawyer. You would make an uncommonly good actress, my dear maiinm, but in private life your histrionic talents are quite thrown away. Revenge! Bah! Why. "the vendetta has gone out of fashion even in Corsica. We don't live in the days of the handsome Lucnezia, when a perfumed rose or a pair of kid gloves sent one's adversary to glory. There is no such word as revenge in these latter days, my dear madam. If one's wife runs away from one with. some other fellow, we don't follow and wipe out our dishonor in his blood; we simply go to Sir Creswell and get a divorce. If we run away with some other fellow's wife, that good fellow sues us for damages, and makes a good thing of it Believe me, Mrs Vavasor, revenge is a word that will soon be obsolete, except on theatrical boards. But at the same time, I should like to know what you mewi." "What is that you say ?" Mrs Vavasor cried. "While the world lasts and men love and hate, and use swords and pistols, revenge will never go out of fashion. And you hate your cousin— hate her so that, if looks were lightning, she would have fallen-at your feet ten minutes ago. 'A little," rickety dwarf!' " She laughed her shrill, somewhat elfish laugh.. "Not a pleasant name to be called, Mr Dangerfield."- .His face blackened at the remembrance; his small, pale eyes shot forth that steely firelight blue eyes only can flash. " "Why do 'you remind me of that ?" he said, hoarsely. "She did not mean It— she said so." "She said so—she said so!" his companion cried, scornfully. "Mr Peter Dangerfield, you're not the man I take, you for if you endure quietly such an insult as that. And look at her now, with Gaston Dantree, that penniless tenor singer, with the voice *>f an angel and the face of a god. Look, how she smiles up at him. Did she ever. give you such a glance as that ? See how he bends over her and whispers in her ear. Did she ever listen to you with that happy lace, those drooping." downcast eyes"? .Why, she loves that man—tiiŁt impoverished .: adventurer; and love ..and happiness make her almost beautiful. And she called you a rickety dwarf. Perhaps even now they are' laughing over it rather as a good "Woman .! ©evil!" her -victim burst out, jgoaded to frenzy. " Kathfeiine Dangerfield would stoop to no such base nessas that!" Jota." "Would she not? .You have jret to learn to . what dejpths -of baseness women like her can stoop. She has :bad, tiitter bad blood in her veins. I tól you. She comes of unscrupulous race. Oh^ don't look at me JSke #Kat i don't mean the Daagerflełds. Aiid you will, bear her merciless taunt and etand <iuietly by while she maiTias yonder handsome coxcomb. and go and he best man it tiie wedding, and-take your bat ofC for ever after when you meet Gaston Dantree, master of Scarswood Park- ^ahl Peter Dangerfield, you must have milk and water In your veins instead of blood, and I am only wasting my iime bere talking to you. ril " detain you no longer. : I wish yoti good evening."" ". - . j , She had goaded him. to .4he right polnt at last As she turned to jgb, he caught her, a^m fiercely fend heldherhSsk. '•Stayl'Vhe ^ed, hoarsely; 4, y<>u .shall And Bhe shall never marry Gaeton dantree WI.can.i»re1^t4ti ^oar.^o^Siu f f i s l h i ^ r B 3Sie baxonefs daughter was waltzing again—she had a passionate love of dancing, and floated with, the native Srace of a Bayadere. She was waltzing with Dantree, her long rose-wreathed brown hair floating over her shoulder, her happy face "uplifted as ehe whirled down the long vista inhls arms to the intoxicating music of "The Guard'sWalts." "You see," Mrs Vavasor said, significantly. "he who runs-may read, and he who stands still may understand. His melancholy tenor voice, his Sover-like sighs, his dark, pathetic eyes, have done their work—KaJtherine Dangerfield is in love with Gaston Dantree! It is a very old story: A lady of high degree has "stooped to conquer.' Sir John won't like it I daresay; .but could Sir John refuse his idolized darling anything? If she cried for the moon she would have it And she is so impetuous, dear child! She will be Mrs Gaston Dantree in the time it_ would take another young , lady to decide the color of the bridesmaids' "She shall never be Mrs Gaston Dantree if I can prevent it!" Peter Dangerfield cried, vehemently, his pale blue eyes filled with lurid rage. "Yes, but unhappily there is the rub— if you can prevent it You don't suppose now," Mrs Vavasor said, thoughtfully. "this łlr Danttree 5s In love with her?" "I know'nothing about it He looks as though he "were, at least—and be hanged to him!" '""Jhat tells nothing. She is the heiress of _ 'Bpirswood , \ ajid Mr Dantree—3ike i yourself,. I haven't a doubt—is in love with that. I wonder 'if either of you would want to marry her if she hadnt a farthing—if her brown hair and her fine figure were her only fortune?" "I can answer for myself—I would see her at the deuce first!" "And unless I greatly mistake him, Mr Dantree would also. How she looks up at him! How she smiles! Her infatuation Is patent to the whole room. And, after her, you are the heir-at-law, Mr Dangerfield." "I don't see what that's got to do with it" the young man retorted, sulkily. "I tan likely to remain -heir-at-law to the end of my days, for what I see. Sir John will go oif the hooks, and she will marry, and there will be son — half a dozen of 'em. most likely—and my cake is dough. I wish you wouldn't talk about It at alL It's of no use a man howling his life ouit for what he never can get-" "Certainly.uot—for what he can't get; but I don't perceive the "can't get' in this case. Three people stood between Cololid Dangerfield and the title six months ago, and they—as you express it in the elegantly allegorical language of the day —"went off the hooks;' and lo! our Indian officer all in & moment steps into,three pairs of dead men's shoes, a. title, and a fortune. Scarswood may change hands very unexpectedly before the year ends again." "Mrs Vavasor—if that be your name— I don't understand you. What's the use of badgering a man in this way? If you've got anything to say, say it I never was any hand at guessing riddles. What the deuce do you mean?" Mrs Vavasor laughed gaily. "Forcible, but not polite ! Did you ever have your fortune told,Mr Danger- field ? I have some gipsy blood in my veins. Give me your hand, and I'll tell it, without the proverbial piece of silver." He held it out mechanically. Under all this riddle-like talk, he knew some strong meaning, very much to the point, lay. What could she mean ? Who could she be? She took his thin, pale, cold hand, and peered into the palm, with the prettiest fortune-telling air imaginable. 'A strangely chequered palm, my gentleman; all Its strange future to come. I see a past nulet and uneventful. I see a.-character t3ioroughly p -selfish. avaricious, and unprincipled. No, don't take your hand away; it will do you good to hear the* truth once in a way. Mr Dangerfield. You can bate with tigerish intensity: you would commit any crime under heaven for money, so that you. were never likely to be found out Tou care for nobody but yourself, and you never will. A woman stands in your path to fortune—a woman you hate. That obstacle will be removed. I see here a ruined home, and over ruin and death you "step into fortune. Don't ask me how. The lines don't tell that, just yet; they may very soon. You are ta be a baronet end the time is very near. How do you like your fortune, Sir Peter Dangerfield, that is to be?" She dropped his hand, and looked him full in the face, streaming fire in her black eyes. * "Hush-h-h! for Heaven's sake !" he whispered, in terror. "If you should be overheard!" "But how do you like it?" • "There can be no question of that. Only I don't understand. You are mocking me. What you predict can never happen." "Why noti?" "Why not—why not?" he exclaimed, impatiently. "You don't need to ask that question. Katherine Dangerfield stands between me; a life as good—better than my own.' "What I predict will happen, as surely as we stand here. Don't ask me how I can't tell you to-night There's a sec ret in Sir John Dangerfield's life—a secret I have been paid well to keep—which X have kept for fifteen years, which no money will make me keep much longer. I have a debt of long standing to pay off —a debt of vengeance, contracted before Katherine Dangerfield was born, which Katherine Dangerfield yet must pay. What will you give me if within the next three months I make you heir to Scars* wood?" < "'•You?" „'L" "It is impossible." "It.is not!" She stamped her . foot "Quick! Tell me^-wha± will you give?" : "I^don't understand you. 1 • "1 slon't mean that you shall yet .Will you give me ten thousands pounds the day. that makes you—through me, mind —lord ot Scarswood? Quick! Here come our . lovers. Yes or no? 1 "Yes.*' "It is welL I shall have your bond instead-of your promise soonr. -Not whisper of-this to a jiviiig mortali .or all is at an end. -We are sworn allles^ then, „from this night forth. Shalce'hands upon it" \- , . ' . They-claspcd hands. \- He shivered "a little,' unprindplej though' be vras, as'he felt the cold, steeU clasp of her gloved jfingers. She glanc ed up. .a. flash of triumph lighting her eyes, to where Katherine Dangerfield, still leaning -on her "handsome lover's arm, approached. "Now; then, my baronet's daughter— my haughty little heiress—took to yoursell l r am a womaji who never yet spared JWend ibrJcie .who śtoód In my path. Voe vjctis ! " ' • She vanished as she spoke, and Peter Daiigerfield. feeling "like a man In a dream, hls head in i whiri, glided after her as his cousln and her cavalier, stepped under the aid) of (rose and myrtle. CHAPTER IV.—LOVE UNDER THE LAMPS. # if She threw herself into a. rU3tic chairas she spoke, where trailing vines and crimson blooms formed a brilliant arch over her head, and looked up at him with eyes that shone like stars. "I wonder if It Is only because bails and parties are such rare things to me that I have enjoyed this so greatly, or because I am just seventeen, and everything is delightful -at seventeen; or because—because, Mr Dantree, X wonder if you havie enjoyed yourself?" "T have been In paradise, Miss Dangerfield." "And bow gloomy he says it, and how pale and wretched he looks," laughs Katherine. " Your paradise can't be any great things, judging by your face at this moment" "Miss Dangerfield, It is because my paradise has been so perilously Eweet that I look gloomy. The world outside, bleak and barren, must have looked trebly bleak to Eve when she' left Eden." "Eve shouldn't have left it. then. She should have had sense and left the tempting apple alone." "Ah, but it was so tempting, and it hung so deliriously within reach! And Eve forgot, as I have done, everything—the fatal penalty — all but the heavenly sweetness of the passing moment" Well," Miss Dangerfield" said, fluttering her fan ^nd looking upwaa-ds. "I may be stupid, Mr Dantree. but I don't quite catch your metaphor. Eve ate that apple several thousand years ago, and wias Vers* properly punished. But what has that to.<do with you?" "Because I, like Eve, have eaten my apple to-night, and to-morrow the gates of my earthly paradise close upon me for ever." Divested of its adjuncts there wasn't much, perhaps in the speech; but given to a young lady of seventeen, of a •poetic and sentimental turn of mind— soft, sweet music swelling in the distance—a dim light—the fragrance of tropic flowers and warmth, and a remarkably good-looking young man—implied a great deal. He certainly looked dangerously handsome at this moment She laughed at his romantic words, but there was a little tremor in her clear tones, as she spoke: "Such a sentimental speech. Mr Dantree! Sussex is a very nice county, and 6carswood a very agreeable place, no doubt; but neither quite constitutes my Idea of paradise. And what do you mean by saying you leave to-morrow?" "I mean I dare stay no longer. I should never have come here at alL I wish to Heaven I never had!" "Please don't be profane, Mr Dantree. You wish you had never come! Now, I call that anything but complimentary to the neighborhood and to me. Be kind enough to explain yourself, sir. "Why do you wish you had never come?" "Because I have been mad—because I am mad. Oh, Katherine. can't you see? Why wil! you make me speak what I should die rather than utter? Why will you make me confess my madness—confess that I love you?" He made an impassioned gesture, and turned away. No professional actor could have done it better- His voice, his gesture, his passionate words were the perfection o£ high-class drama. And then there was dead silence. "You do not speak," he cried. "I have shocked you; you hate, you despise me as I deserve?" He was really getting alarmed in spite of his conviction that she was hopelessly in love with him. "Well. "I deserve it ail. I stand before you penniless, with neither noble name nor fortune to otfer you, and dare to tell you of my hopeless passion. Katherine, forgive me." "Forgive me if you can, and tell me to go." Then his soft tenor tones died away pianissimo in'stifled emotion, and he lifted her hand to his moustached lips. He trembled with an esc Lacy too great for words. He loved her like this—her matchless darling;—and he told her to bid him go- Her Angers closed over his. tighter and tighter—she bent down un-" til he could almost hear the loud throbbing of her heart **Go!" she whispered faintly. "Gaston. I should die if you left me." He clasped both her hands with a wild, theatrical start and gazed ait her in incredulous amazement. "Katherine, do you know wtjat you say? Have I heard you aright? For pity's sake do not mock me in my desperation—do not lift me for a moment to Heaven only to cast me out again! It cannot be—it is maddest presumption of me to hope that you love me." Her .hands closed only the more closely over fcis; her head drooped, her soft abundaat brown hair biding its tremor of bliss. "I never hoped for this," he said; "*I never thought of this! I knew It was my destiny—my madness to adore you; but never—no, never in my wildest dream—did I dare hope you could stoop to me. My darling, say it just once, that I may know that I am awake!" He was very wide-awake indeed at that moment, "Say just once, my heart's own darling. "Gaston. I love you!" " She said it her face hidden on his shoulder, her voice trembling, every vein in her body thrilling with rapture. And Mr Gaston Dantree smiled — a half-amused, a half-exultant smile of triumph. "Tve played for the high stakes before," he thought "but never so high as this, or with half so easy a -victory. And—oh, powers of vengeance!—if Marie should ever find this out! There's only one drawback now — the old man. The girl may be a fool, but he's not TSiere'll be no end of a row when this comes out" She lifted her head from his shoulder, and looked up at him shy and sweet "And you really care for me like this, Gaston, and you really thought I would let you go—you really thought the dif-' ference in wealth between us would be ajiy difference to me? How little you laiOW tne!" . - ' ' "I know you forithe .hest the dearest the loveliest of all.women. But your father, Katherin§;"he""will never consent to a poor artist like me coming and wooing his -darling." ' •"You -don't know him, 'Gaston; papa would do anything on earth to please me—anything. When he -discovers how we love each other_he will never, stand between. us. He llves-but to make me -happy." :•J- -- - - r "You are sure of this, Katherine?" : : "Certain, Gaston; your poverty _jvill be rio obsta<ile.to-hlm.".:'- • "'Then he's a greatvir fool tihan I take him for," thought;Mr Dantree. "If I were In -his place I would kick. Gaston -Dantree out of the room. Good heavens! if I dhould marry this girl, and it should get to Marie's ears! If? I shall marry her—come what may. Eight "thousand a yearatstake,and Marietheonly .-obstacle in theJBŚy, and hundreds of leagues of 'sea andviaiid between me and that obstacle! There is no turning back-nów; ;come- what - may, i ;ghall marry the jheiress of Scarswood." /..', ' f'Katherioe,*' he : said, taldng . both °.bu>ds;ln his and looking in her eyes, "'whatever betid^;^r go6d or^fo ill, you T ^ TOt draw hack; for ^od or for" evil you are-mine?" ?JShe ihethls śyesjfull^orthefirst time. She wos pale, hut there waś no tremor *'Youre, -Gaston—yours .only. For good or for eril,io the end<4inylIfe-yours' ^ L'—ominous words. ^fcecome^astsnDan^s <T, be Continued.) _ f 