IH A LIGHTER VEIN. The society e litor was crplainiag the matter. ' Mrs Gadabout docs not feel vi ry friendly to ub now,' she said, 4* Why not f' ?'Well, she gave quite an elaborate dinLer recently, and asked mc not to mention it in the paper.'' il And you ignored lior wishes Vx ' V-.s, 1 ignored her wish . e. I didn't mention it.' 4- Weary, did yc notice by th' papers that thousan's of men wuz goin' back to work ?' '? Welt, that'll be a good, thing fer our bizness.' 'How so?' 'It reduces com petition.' 'Those South Americans arc so high* strung that they want to fight on the smallest provocation.' Crankshaft: 14 High geared, I ehoul.l judge from the numbei of revolutions they make.' M Those Chicago women koep a fellow guessing' '-What is so mysterious about them?' ' Well, do they get married in order to secure divurccs, or do the/ secure divorces in order to get married ?' Bikes : 41 So you saw a ghost ? Did he say an \ tiling to you?' Sikes: 'Vis, but I couldn't understand him.' Bikes : ' Why tikes: 'Because 1 never studied tbe dead languages.' Spencer : ' There goos a woman with a very loud dress.' Fcrgosou : ?' That is not a loud dress. It is v-.ry quiet looking.' Spcncer : ' It must be loud. It's made of crash.' Bhe : ' Do you suppose his wife really supports bim f' He: *? I judge so. He told me he didn't know what real happiness meant until after hu got married.' MisB Passe : 41 fir, do von mean to cast reflections on my age ?' Colonel Clement: ' Madam, it would be quite im|K-ssiblc. You keep iL too dark.' Tourist (up in the lumber region) 41 There doesn't suem lo be much to sec up here.' Practical Resident : 4' No ; but there's lots to saw ' ' What makes that fruit vendor eo short winded?' 'I guess lie us-is up all his breath polishing his apples.' -Artist : ' I should like to paint your wife.' Husband: ' It iBu't necessary ; she attends to that.' OHara: 'Sho was a goo.l wif«i lo mo, poor woman. Man\'nthe word of good ad vice she gave me.' M'Googan : M Tliruc for yes, an' many's the lime Oi've heard her advisin' vrz when Oi lived in the bonso beyant, a mile up the road, ochono ! ' Tommy : '' Paw, what is human nature ?' Mr Figg : 'Human nature, my son, is Ihe excuse generally offered by a man who has been acting like a hog.' Tommy : 44 Top. when an elephant falls down in the Zoo how do they get him up agaiB ?' Tommy's Pop : ?' 1 suppose they go to the tbc bird house and gjt a cranc.' Mrs Kidleigh : ''You knew that Charlie Van Tassel came home disgusted from the gold euro?' Mrs. Jollop : '? Well, it's not surprising lie's a free bilvcr man, you know.' Husband : 'It says here that an eminent German physician stales that women require more sleep than men.' Wife: 'Does it, indeed ?' Husband : ' Yes. 1 think jou had better not sit up for me lo night, 'my dear.' 