local' and g-bneral ITEMS. Tub Maitland Law is. — Tha Maitland Half Squadron of Lancers ,ud the Regimental Band hud a wholo day's parudo on Saturday, when' tho annual examination at the conclusion of the year's training took place, Major Walters, commanding the New South Wales .Lancers, being the examin ing officer. The half-snuadron mustflrioir thirtv nme (exclusive of the Band), met at tho Orderly Room at half-past ten o'ebek in tho morning, and under Captain Markwell, Lieuts. Nicholson and Clarke, accompanied by Hon. Surgeon Captain Alcorn, the men woro formed up' and marched out to'Celftiah, where they were exeicised in troop and squadron drill, a word and lance exercises, outpost duty, advance and rear guards, and dismounted services. Whilo tho half-squadron was exercising at; Telarah, the Regimental Baud, under Band master Fitness, remained in Regent'Stroet, and ployed for the benefit of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylntn, who heartily appreciated this thoughtfulneRB on the part of Capfc, Matk well. After tho mid-day meal the half-squadron returned to town, and marched on to the Park, whore tho manaauvres, including tho mirch past and nttack at a gallop, were concluded. Tho various units wore then questioned by MajorWalterson the worlr performed, and the commanding officer expresued himaelt' as well pleased with the manner in which tho whole of the work had been carried out, complimenting the officers and men on tho proficiency obtained and oa the progress made since the last inspection. In the evening the usual quarterly smoke concert wob held at Mai shall's Excelsior Hotel, tho officers mentioned above and Mojor Walters being present. Tho harmony of the evening waB contributed to by Major Walters, Surgeon-Captain Alcorn, Lieutsnont Clorke, Staff-Sergeant Winch, Farrier-Sergeant McKonzie, Troopers JoneB, Ford, Tioubridgo, and .Tarvis, Trumpeter Yeates, Bandsmen H. Roberta, Christie, and Why, and MesBrs. Denny, Nicholson, and W. M. J. Jones. At intervals, 'the Lancer Band played selections from the balcony of tho hotel, whioh were not only enjoyed by tho company present, but by largo numbers of tho publlo, who gathered in the vicinity of theTownHall. Bandsman H. Why played the accompaniments on tho piano, and Mo j or Walters gave a vory am using and cle vor display of his powers ns a voutrilnquist. The health of Major Walters was proposed by Captain Markwell, and drunk with enthusiasm, and Major Walters gav9 the health of the half squa iron, coupling with it the name of Captsin Markwell, Ia proposing the twst Mnjor Walters remarked on tho increased efficiency aliown by ihe half-squadron that, day, and said the ambition of all should be to make it the crack half-squadron of the regtraent. They bad excellent officers, and there wu.b nothing to prevent them from becoming proficient enough to gain this distinguished position. Ho re ferred in terms' ? of praise, to the vooal abilities displayed by the members, and thought they should get up a concert in aid of the fundB of the half-Bquadron. There was sufficient talent in itself among the members, to givo an excellent concert, and with a little outside assistance there should bo no difficulty in gottiug up a first-class entertainment. T|ie toast was duly honoured, and Captain Markwell having briefly responded, three cheers wore given for Major Walters, and the com pany separated after singing the National Anthem. Revision Court. — Mr. G. F. Ssott, P.M., held a court at West Maitland to-day for the purpose of adding names to tho roll for the West Maitland electorate. Eight names woro put on, including those of three police officers. A Federation Convention Candidate. -r-Else- where will be found the advertisement of Frank Grim ley, one of the candidates nominated for elec tion to the Federation Convention. The Dp.y Time. — A fall of rain, oven a heavy thunderstorm, would allay the anxletlos for a time of many residents of the district. For tho supply of water for stock has in numerous oases given out, and farmers are obliged to drive their oattle ond horses considerable distances where tho store of fluid is still suffioient. Wo oro pleased to note tnany cases in whioh owners, anticipating tlae needed rainfall, have had damB deepened and extended. A lengthened dry period hns its losson in reminding folks of tho prudence of conserving ob muoh water as thoy oan. Congregational Churoh.— The annual Borvioes in connection with the Sunday Sohool of the Con gregational Church, Wast Maitland, woro held yeBterday, when the preaohor at each service was the Rev, A. J. Griffith,. of. Sydney, a gentleman of power and ability, Thoro were lorgo, congregations, especially in the evening. At tbo morning ssrvloo the address was principally directed to the ohildron, and in the afternoon there was a spooiol ohildron's eorvioo. In tho evening tho subject, of tho address was bosod upon tho New Jerusalem, upon whioh a most interesting sermon was proaohed. The singing was a feature of the services, special hymns being sung. Mrs. Anstey presided at tho organ. To- night' an entertainment, to ; whioh admission. is free, is to be held in tho schoolroom., ' West Maitland Police Court.— Tho benoh at this court to-day was occupied by Mr. G,. E\ Scott, P.M., H. OrotborB, and Alex. Wilkinson, J'e.P. A man who had boon lookod up for drunkonnoBB in High-streot was discharged. Georgo Butohor was ohargod' on suspicion of boing John. Los ter, who failed to appear on boil ab the present Quarter Sessions at Sydnoy to answer a ohargo of stealing from tho person. ? . Senioroon atablo Wirrell , doposed to arresting aoouBod In High-streot botwten five and six o'olook yester day morning, In answer to. tho charge- aoousod Boid he was not tbo man wanted. Ho1 was roman dod till to-morrow ponding a reply from tho Sydney policq. Booth Hcensos for tho Maitland raoos on Thnrlirlav and Fridav next woro grontod to John Moylon, of the Carrington Hotel, and Lowis Morris, of, Port Maitland Inn. , An Anoiknt PoLinoAL Hand-bill. — Whilo looking ovor somo old papors, Mr. G. F. Soott, P.M., has found on old hand-bill, Issuod by, the chartists, and containing a song entitled, '.Brave Boys, we'll havo t.h6 Charter, ' tothotunoof'King of tho Cannibal Inlands.' Tho Chartists wero in avidonco botwoon Jhe years 1832 nnd 1848, nnd it is probablo this hand-bill wob issued at the early part of tho agitations, though thoro is no doto to givo a guldo as to its ago. Tho burden of. tho song is that tho people olnhnod and would havo tho Charter, the six points of which aro glvon. Thoy were t Univorsnl suffrago | voto by ballot j no proporty qualification for members of Parliamont i annual Parliaments) equal oleotoral districts) nnd payment of mombors. It is worthy of note that all those, exaept annual Parliaments, have been praotioally adopted in this country. In tho Bong, pollaemen aro called ' poolers,' aftor Sir Robert Peel, who had boon in office previous to tho advonb of tho Chartists, and also suoooeded Lord Molbournn jjb Premior'in 1841. Sir Rnbo.rh Pool established the now pollco. Tbq -hand-bill wob printed by E. Truolove, 28 .Tohr-stroot, Tottenham Court Road, and H. Hethoringtoi), 57 Judd-streot, Now Road. The CiNEirAToanArii.— To-nighb will bo tho last oooosion on whioh an opportunity, will bo glvon of seeing tho Olnomntograpt) at) tno out moaonic unu. During its stay in WoHt Maitland a vory lor|?o number of persons havo visited this exhibition. Limolight vlows aro shown In addition to thoso of moving figures, eto., and tho show is woll worth a visit, During tho stay of tho Cinematograph in M'liblond tho musio on tho piano was supplied by Mr. S, B. P. Stanton. , - : Burglaries in Stdnev.— A mysterious bur glary was committed ut tho establishment of I Madden and Co., Mauquarlo-plaoo, Sydnoy, yester day. At hnlf-past sovou in tho ovonlHg Constable Munkoy .discovered tho door of thn establishment to bo open, and on entering tho promises he fuund thot it had boon ransnokod. Ghosts and drawors hod boon prised open, and thara was, ample ovi donoo of the depredations of thn thlovos. Tho store is situated in thn basement of a building to wliioh lioboos Is obtained from. Pitt tWoob. ? Tho first floor Is ooouplod by,Mi»B Fostor, and is usod as a restaurant. Somo money and jewellery bolonglnR to Miss Fostor waro amongst tho missing proporty. Tbo door in front of tho portion of tho protulsos occupied by Moddon and Co, wns so Bciouroly looltnd that it Is not understood in what way tho burglors obtained on entronoo, and ft cor taln amount of mystery is attnohod to tho mattor. Last wook the window of a shop In King-street wiib broken and somo goods stolon,- In a similar man ner tho window of Iron's drapory storo In King ntroot was smnshod, aud somo oftho_gi)oaa dlo playod woro stolon, A constable on duty in thn locality govn olioao too man shortly afterwarda nnd arrested him, Suspicious Death op a Naimiabri Woman. — A' remarkable occurrence took place on Saturday ia connection with the arrangements which were niada for tho burial of a woman named Honorah Sku thorpe, who died in St. Vincent's Hospital on tho 19 th instant. Everything was in readiness for the interment when the authorities of tho institution ordered the ceremony to be stopped. This was in conscquenco of telegraphic information which was roceivsd. Tlio body was consequently brought bock: to tho hospital, ond Dr. Taylor, tho Government medical nfficer, was instructed to mako a post mortem examination. The officer furnished to tho City Coroner a report as to tho cause of death, whioh was septictBtnia, or blood poisoning, pro duced by an operation. Mr. Woore, tho City Coroner, immediately gave instructions for an in quest to bo held upon the body. Ib appears that tho deceased came to Sydney from Narrabri in December last. She went to a house u.t Lewisham, and on tho 5th instant she was admitted into St.. Vincent's Hospital, being treated thero until tho time of her death. Proposed Model Farm at Gunnedah. — Mr' Cimpbell, of tho Agricultural Department, was in Gunnedah on Friday, his object being to inspect eligible localities for' the establishment of a modeL form. He visited Mr. Wills-Allen's irrigation worka in the morning, and in tho afternoon was driven over to the.Boggabri reserve, and through land to bo thrown open for selection in Maroh. Ho was oIbo through new selections on tho Cooiiaborabran road. He was much ploased at the rapid advance of settlement, speaking highly of tho capabilities of [the land for wheat and fiuit growing, and waa' surprised at the condition of tho forms and. gardens of S. Porrett, O'Neill, and Ashford. Tho butter factory at Mr. P^rrett's coma in for vory special praise. At night. a deputation from the Agricul tural Society interviewed him on tho Bubjeet o£ endowment for 1895, which has stood over so loug through some misunderstanding, and is now likely to be satisfactorily arranged. Mr, Pittman, Govern- ? mont Geologist, was in town on Friday on hia return from inspecting the country at the head o£ Colly (j rah Creek, whero an artesiau bore has been applied for. If this bore is pub down successfully a large tract of arid plains country can be irrigated. ( 