OUR SERIAL STORY* TEE TESTIMONY OF JESTHEE SANDYS. BT BOMA. WHITE. (corntiOHT), CHA-PTEK XII» And what of Esther? How had i come about that Josiah had had n word from the woman he had marriei two years ago in the church at Lan ^ caster? This is what had happenei * after her recognition of ber first hus baud, and surely pity can excuse her fo her silence. After the storm she had slumberei uneasily into the morning, and when sb< awoke. Humphrey, fully dressed, wa standing looking down upon her. Sh stretched out her hand to him, but dû not speak. This was, just then, th effect of physical exhaustion. The in tense shock which she had received ha< left ber in a condition of nervous lássi tude in which mind and brain shranl mechanically from any further taxatioi of their powers. '. . . A r. "Are you -better ?" Humphrey aske< her, still with some anxiety. : ¿ " I am ignite "well," she answered calrnli She would have spoken then, if she could but she wa6 incapable of the^efcorfc. "Do you know that everything i packed, and that a post-chaise is waitinj down below, and that, as soon a you are dressed and have had sonn breakfast, we must he off ?" be asked smiling kindly at her, relieved bj her quietness, which appeared ti him that of recovered strength. AlIs it so late?" she inquired meehan! cally. " You were up late last night, yoi know. Ah ! here is Janet to help you.' He left the room as Janet entered it and Esther greeted the woman with he: new dull calm. She dressed in silence and passed inte the next room. Humphrey awaited hei at the breakfast-table, and urged her tc make a substantial meal. She sat down and poured out his tea, and listened tc his conversation. By and bye sh« .realised that he was' telling her aboul Ihe wreck. All on board had been los! but the man she had seen upon th« beach the night before, and be was ensconced in the best bedroom, slightly delirious and quite prostrate after the exposure. " Will he die ?" asked Esther. . "They hope to pull him through," re joined Humphrey. " No one knows his name. However, I've left some money ' with the landlord for him." He hurried her a little after this, foi ? the post-chaise had been some time waiting. When she was inside it, rumb- ling away from the scene of the tempest and of that terrible night, she pressed herf orehéad against the padded cushions, and tried to think. . The identity of Josiah Phizacklea had not been discovered ; she endeavoured to ' believe that she might have been'mis- taken, though at the bottom of het heart she was convinced she had made no error in her recognition. She turned it all over and over in her weary brain. Then the apathy descended upon her again, and she sank into a hopeless quietude, and allowed events to take their course. Esther was only brought home to suffer a sharp attack of illness, which everybody put down to the nervous shock she had received on the night of " the storm. The true nature of that shock : was still concealed ; though, as each day passed by she expected the revelation to come from Little Tamside. Josiah must inevitably Xhave returned, there, and be was not likely to maintain silence on the subject of the wedding Mr. Eglin, were he still Vicar, would hear of it, and would, ot' course, communicate with Humphrey. She began to listen appre- hensively for the sound of the bell which the postman carried on his rounds, and the sight of a letter-carrier on horseback made her shiver all over with nervous terror. But, as the days and weeks passed by without bringing the dreaded liewa from Little Tamside, this mental attitude . began to change. She commenced to wonder whether Josiah had ever gone back again; or whether, if he had returned, he had not perhaps believed himself to have no claim upon her. When this thought came, like a ray of hope, she ceased to lie motionless, with closed eyes and treinbling lips, upon the couch in. the oak-panelled room and began to move fitfully, and rather restlessly hither and thither in the Priory She was waking *Mip to a realisation of the possibility of. escape ; and/ with this fresh conscious- ness, she better comprehended the entire £osition. Her own connection with little Tamside'was completely severed. ; Tim kept up no correspondence in those i " days of rare letter-writing ; and the . situation of the Priory was,, to -the in- habitants of Furness, a meaningless. locality somewhere in a remote South. If ^Josiah Phizacklea had, as on con- sideration she found possible, main- tained silence concerning' that ceremony at Lancaster, ehe need never reveal to. Humphrey that she had seen her. first husband on: the .hight of the storm at Chase Heyes. The temptation waa strong, and, as eaoh day passed, it increased the impos- sibility of telling Homphrey what sba knew But the fight was too much for her strength. She tell ill again, and, when her son was horn, there was s pitiful struggle between life and death. The physician who attended her heard the faint delirious accents, but took little note of them, and Humphrey wat seldom allowed in the sick room. Then, as she grew stronger, she became quiet again. The doctor, perceiving that thu slight, young thing had more power oi self-control than would be credited tc her by a careless obserrer, had told her quietly and firmly, that if she excited 01 distressed herself, her child would be a sufferer. The warning was sufficient foi Esther. She put away her trouble, with a resolution and calm that astonished even herself at times. She determined to think out the matter, and to see whal must be done when she was fully re covered, but no sooner. It was, how- ever, during her convalescence that she developed the habit of lying, in bei quiet moments, with firmly clenched hands, betraying unconsciously that she beld her mental activities in a similarlj inflexible custody. Humphrey was very happy at, this Eeriod of his; life. À new tenderness ad awakened" in him for his; wife, and he rejoiced in the possession of his son who, hé trusted, would become more like a human being as time advanced. Ladj Sandys was jubilant; but Esther, witt quick instinct, realised that any affec- tion ber. grandmother might have once felt for herself had been transferred to her baby. In . truth, her tiny ladyship had never loved Esther for her own per- sonality, but for her surname. The baby now usurped all the cornera of it« great-grandmother's heart, for it con- tained in its minute person a more con- densed essence of the blood of all thc Sandys.. She always asserted that it Eossessed the family eyes, though th« azel orbs of the Jupps stared and blinked solemnly at the firelight from the cradle by the mother's bed. Lady Sandys went back to Hurst Hall soon after Esther had'taken her ordinary place in the Priory. Her last words tc the young mother contained an injunc- tion always to let the baby weir flannel next to its skin. As she drove away in the family chaise, however, she shook her bead with a dainty airy motion, as ii she would not answer for any conse- quences that might ensue as the result of ber departure. And when she reached her own home she sat down and penned a long letter to her gVand-daughter, con- taining . instructions which she had omitted to specify during her visit. Esther laughed with some renewal ol her old merriment over the document, She'read it sitting under the elm trees, shaded from the hot July sunshine, with her baby on her lap. Then she put it away, and sat looking down into the tiny -j)ink face against her bosom. She was not aware that she made a picture, but a pair of eyes fixed upon Btei as their owner advanced, found her pleasing to their regard,>and veiled their usual bold glances with an exDression of admiration and sentiment. Then Fitz Roy Sandys came up to the elm-trees, and bowed low before her. "Mr. FitzRoy Sandys! When did you come ?" she exclaimed with a certain quaintness that he found pleasing now he could trace in her tone3 no accent of the peasant. " Five minutes ago presisely. I have come to beg Humphrey's hospitality and your own." He had not seen her since her marriage, and his eyes travelled slowly up and down ber figure and over her face and hah1, as if to appreciate ? every detail of the change. "We shall be pleased to entertain yon," Esther answered, with the little dignified air she sometimes wore now. " If you would be good enough to ring the bell at the froat door, Janet will come for baby, and I will find Hum- phrey." " Let me take baby. It is-ah quite a new toy, is it not?" asked FitzRoy, with imperturbable gravity. Esther flushed a little, and hugged her baby nervously. _ She resented this tone he always took with her, which was tinged with the protective familarity that a young man might use to a child. "Are you afraid that I shall break it," he continued, in the same fashion, sitting down beside her on the garden seat. "I assure you I will carry it with the greatest circumspection. I will not even prick it with a pin, to see if the sawdust will come out." "I do not care for such jokes, Mi1 FitzRoy Sandys," said Esther suddenly, turning to him with gravity, and press- ing her baby's face against her shoulder that FitzRoy might not catch so much as a glimpse of it. " Be kind enough to do as I asked you." He rose then immediately, bowed his head, and went across the lawn to the door. As he went be smiled to himself. " My little lady has improved since her marriage," he thought. " Able to hold her own now. I shall enjoy my visit here, evidently." Janet came out in answer to the bell, and took the little, warm, white bundle away into the houss. Then Esther rose with a touch of languor, folded her light shawl about her shoulders,, and led FitzRoy round to the side entrance, which would admit them opposite the door of the library.. He went in to j announce, himself to Humphrey, andi ehe left him, to' give her orders to the ¡ serrante. When,she returned to her] seat under theelmrlrees her husband and j jffueflfc joined. her. v. She. listened to their j desultory talk, scarcely taking in its import, so sad were ber musings. The; were speaking of Jonathan Gibson. " He is getting worse. Michael tob me the other day that he is alway taking the keys of the church and lockinj himself in there. Michael has taker him and his daughter to live with him But the daughter has found worl in one of the printing-mills further uj the valley." " It is where Tim is," broke im Esther "Saranna lodges there with an ole woman, and only comes borne foi Sundays." " Ah P" said FitzRoy carelessly " Ah P" Humphrey glanced at him, but h< appeared unconscious, and tossed a rose bud at the peacock. " They say," went on Esther, " tba the poor old man is mach worse sinci his daughter left him. He hiu mad< himself an entire suit of that queer rec velvet he has always been so fond o: wearing, and he preaches in it everj night, at the Elm Tree Corner, in tht village." " Oh, I heard something of that," saie FitzRoy. "I believe he is foretelling the end of all the Sandys, and says thal shortly agréât disaster is to burst upoi us." Esther shivered, and.shrank up to hei husband. Humphrey looked vexed. " I wish I could find some way to stoj him," he said. " It is a nuisance." The talk ceased there, and presently . the dressing-bell rang. After dinnei FitzRoy dawdled in the garden till thc summer night closed in; and then told Humphrey he should take a walk. It was too hot to goto bed at all in sud weather, he added, as he set off towards the village It was Saturday night, and the lights were in rather later than usual; hui FitzRoy soon left tíjeir radiance behind, and strode up the hill in the direction oi Michael Gibson's, the sexton cottage, which stood a little way out of Glosford. He was at some distance from it when ? a sound of pattering footsteps broke through bis own heavier tread Ai approaching figure was unrecognisable in the darkness, but, aa it advanced, FitzRoy gave a little cough. The slight form that loomed before him appeared to hesitate, then stood still, and spoke bis name in a low voice. "Is it you, sh?" "I might say, is it you, SarannaP" His ' tones were hushed, but they sounded amused and pleased. He put out his .hand, and drew the girl to him with a familiar, caressing gesture. "So you knew I was in Glosford, Saranna ?" "Yes, sir." " There is no need to start away from me, nor to try to ? peer through, the darkness in that manner. Nobody is on this lonely road.". " I dursn't be seen wi' you, sir Please let me go " "Not yet. Do you know, I was so anxious to see yon that I came to Glos ford on purpose " " Please-please let me go, sir." The girl was half crying, submitting to his caresses, but starting- nervously at every rustling leaf. FitzRoy, however, only laughed, " and drew her nearer to him. " Come up on to the moors with me, Saranna." She drew away from him agnin ; and, as he pulled her back, something heavy in her apron-pocket swung against him. giving out a jingling sound in the dark- ness. " Have you got the teaspoons in your pocket, Saranna ? ' he asked idly, insist- ing on drawing her closely to his side. " No, sir. It's t' church keys. Uncle leaves them wi' me when he goes out o' nights." - - " The church keys ! - Come, Î have a capital idea. You .shall let us into the church, and we will have a talk in the belfry. We shall be quite safe from in- terruption there, and yon won't keep jumping about and nearly dislocating that little neck of yours every time that a leaf stirs." " Indeed, indeed I dursn't, sir," mur- mured Saranna, considerably scandalised at such a sacrilegious idea. " Of course you dare. Run along and wait for me in the porch. You aren't afraid of ghosts in the graveyard, are you?" "I dursn't," repeated Saranna, but less decidedly than before. FitzRoy smiled to himself in the darkness. A few more kuses, a few moro whispered cajoling words, and the weak, vain girl j succumbed. She went swiftly away to- wards the graveyard, while Fitzroy sought the church from a slightly different direction. Glosford Church stood between the village and the Priory, and a wide green lay level on its north side. The tomb- stones were barely distinguishable on this moonless night, and FitzRoy knocked against several as he made a short cut across the graveyard. Saranna, trembling a little, awaited him among the black shadows of the norch. She was less excited than frightened, but FitzRoy regarded the whole adventure as a very, acceptable piece of amuse- ment. He took the key from the girl's quivering fingers, and sought for the keyhole in the darkness. They dared not make much sound, and Saranna shook all over as the heavy door creaked on ita ' hinges. ? Once inside the church, how- ever, she felt l«sa alarmed, especially when FitzRoy cU»ed and looked thé door again, thíát they might be entirely secure from interruption« 1 wIt's very wicked, isn't it P" mur- mured Saranna, as they felt their way cautiously up the centre aisle, where the strewn rushes rustled under their feet.' " Wicked P Nonsense ! What is there wicked about it?" ."Only-tbeer are angels an' derils i' churches, I thought." "Do you think the devil will spring out of the chancel and run away with usp" "I don't know-I'm rather afeared, : sir." "I will take care of you, Saranna. What's this?" as his hand, travelling over the partition of a big square pew, came in contact with a wreath of tinselly paper. "They're t' wreaths for Ellen o' Lucas's, sir, hoo died hist Sunday, an' t' church war all hung wi' them for her." " What are they made of P" "O'white paper roses, mostly. They allays hang 'em up for an unwed lass." " Huui," said FitzRoy, as he pushed aside the rustling papers, "real flowera would look much nicer. There, I have managed to open that heavy door, Saranna. Come in, and sitdown." He drew the unwilling girl into the ! big, uncomfortable pew, and then sat down by her side upon the bench that was fixed against the partition. " Yes, I came for the sole purpose of seeing you, Saranna. I did not know how to contrive to let you hear I was in Glosford." " I soon heard o' it, sh." "Well, when am I going to see yon again, now that I have managed to get hold of your" "I don't know, sir. I'm afraid o' father." "He need not know anything about it." " I think one or two folk do know i't' village, sir." " Nonsense-what's that ?" FitzRoy's voice, which had been amused and caressing, suddenly sharpened. Saranna would have cried out, hut, with some instinct of her lack of control, he placed his hand swiftly upon her mouth. A ray of light was travelling across the chancel, widening every moment, as- the little north-east door was swung noiselessly open upon its binges. " Stoop down," whispered FitzRoy, "and keep still." Sarranna obeyed him, trembling so violently that he feared every moment sha would ciy out. He also crouched back alpinst the side of the pew, but watched the opening door, with intentness. In another minute they both perceived that the intruder was Jonathan Gibson him- self. He came noiselessly into the chancel, a swinging lantern in his hand, the rays of which fell round him in a circle of yellow light, brought out touches of snowy whitness from his beard, and shone glassily upon the balls of his eyes. When Saranna saw the stern impres- sive illuminated face of her father, and watched his tall shadowy form move slowly forward not ten yards from where she crrouched with Fitz- Roy in the pew, she went nearer to fainting than ever she bad gone in her life. FitzRoy, however, remained observant and calm. The spice of danger to Saranna and himself in this adventure excited him pleasantly, and he even smiled a little at the thought of the predicament in which they were placed. Jonathan Gibson, however, did not approach the body of the church. He stepped cautiously across the chancel, his lantern sending travelling yellow gleams across the knobs and surfaces of the shadowed choir Then he placed the light upon the ground, fumbled in his pocket for a bunch of keys which he presently brought forth, and inserted one of their number into the low iron- bound door that led into the vaults. The key turned with a grating sound, the door swung open, and Jonathan took up bis lantern again and dis- appeared into the narrow, dark opening They heard his cautious footsteps on the stairs, and FitzRoy released his admoni- tory clasp of Saranna's arm. " Where has he gone ?" he whispered curiously. " I cannot tell, sir."' " Have you time to get out before he comes back ?" "I think I might venture, sir." " Then be quick. I believe he is down in the vault." The sound of Jonathan's footsteps had quite died away, and there was time for Saranna to escape before her father returned into the Church. FitzRoy pushed open the door of the pew, and hurried her down the rush strewn aisle. When they reached the door they paused ! to listen, but no sound broke the stillness of the church. With a- little fumbling FitzRoy once more discovered the key- hole, turned the heavy key with a mut- tered oath at the grating noise it made, and stepped quickly with Saranna into the cool dark air of the night. " There, take the key. and ran home as quickly as you can," he whispered. " I will go another way." Saranna. needed no second biddings she hurried down the road as fast as her trembhhg limbs would bear her, quite iorgetting that they had made no appointment for a future meeting. FitzRoy, left in the porch, gave a re- lieved sigh, - then laughed silently to himself. The footsteps of the girl had hot died away before he, too, issued from the shelter of the church, mored swiftly round the north side of the graveyard-where ¿he tombstones wera scanty and the' nettles prof use-and tried the handle of the small eastern door, through which Jonathan had himself ' passed into the chancel. The old man had neglected the precau- tion of locking it behind him, and it yielded easily to FitzRoy's push. Jp two minutes more he had followed Jonathan Gibson down tbs narrow dark stairs that . led into the vault below the church, his shoes making little or no sound upon the dusty boards. Now that Saranna had escaped in safety FitzRoy was prepared to enjoy his unex- pected adventure to the full. The vault below Glosford Church had once been the family burial place of the Sandys. None of the present generation were, however, laid beside the rotting bones of their forefathers. FitzRoy had never been into the vault before, and he shivered as its damp air encircled him. A feeble yellow patch of light shone at the far end, and in this little illumina- - tion he perceived the bent shadowy form of Jonathan Gibson. All else in the vault was as black as a cavern and impenetrable as a moonless midnight. FitzRoy Sandys was no coward and 4ie wa3 determined to see the meaning of > this business. He crept cautiously and noiselessly towards the light, any rust--. lings he may have made inaudible on ; account of certain sounds which pro-, ceeded from the neighbourhood - of>: Jonathan Gibson; tearing, ripping., sounds, suggestive of stuff dragged .' forcibly from some adhesive substance. When he was within a few steps of ?> Jonathan, FitzRoy paused instinctively, for he saw at once what manner of work it was upon which the old sexton was occupied. ;,;,,¡ Jonathan bent over a wide wooden-, coffin, the lid of which had been broken open and shifted slightly to one side. The inner coffin of soldered lead was dis-, tinctly visible, but it was not with the bones of the dead that Jonathan bad any concern. The outer conin, of fine oak, was lined tbrougout Vith. a covering of crimson velvet; and this velvet the old. sexton hurriedly tore and ripped from the sides, dropping the pieces into an open wallet which lay upon the ground beside him. The secret of Jonathan's costume had been discovered at last. FitzRoy Sandys waited only for a few moments, as soon-' as be saw and comprehended the old.' man's midnight business in the vaults of the church. He had no wish tb . quarrel with Jonathan to-night, nor to betray his presence to the old man. He " crept back along the vault as he had - come, the sexton remaining too intent upon his work to bear him?" In two or three minutes FitzRoy had left the church and stood in the graveyard' out- side. There, it must be confessed, be sat upon a tombstone and laughed silently, until the tears ran down his cheeks with his suppressed mirth. "Good cousin Humphrey!" he mur- . mured to himself, " good cousin Hum- phrey! I shall have an interesting adventure to relate to you in the morn- ing." (To be Continued.) 