JSfOYEL. A Judicial Error. By Marian Manville Hope. CHAPTER U. — (CONTISTTED. ; 1 Why, Caleb 1' she had exolaimed, 4 what is. the matter ? Are you ill P* iPeroeiving that her ' brother hardly ap peared -to hear tier, but brushed past and harried towards his room, Catherine who was by that time thoroughly alarmed, fol lowed, and entered immediately behind him. Donald Matheson was sitting in 'an easy chair beside a table, on which stood a student's lamp with a very powerful burner. Tbe room was large and rather bare, Uttered with books and papers, with a Ion;, wide, high ben oh, built to fit the entire eastern end, this bench stood various strange-shaped glass instruments for the demonstration ofchemioal and scientific tests ; in one corner was a large eteotno battery wijh ingenious mechanical contrivances for the direot application to this . human system of a then comparatively tut* / known foroe. Tho rootn.waa.evideutly a laboratory, and in it 'the twoyoung men, both re^V^g^jMtes.i^tt; medicine v-and : ? -^r 'tA offl bfl njw rift were of^declded \icientifio - bent ;. Ofl . this *-K-m ODened^iiothOT':larffe*:«hambfi'r 'niw^'aR . a sleeping-apartffnent, and aooesslble only ' through therlaboratory. As 'the strong \- light of the lamp - on the table fell upon , . Caleb, young Dr. Matheson, who was read ing, flung down his book and sprang to his . feet. ? ' 'f Good God, Caleb 1 are yon hurt ?' It was then for the first tamo tbat Catherine Newal discovered that the long light oolored spring overcoat worn by her brother was covered with splashes of blood. There were bloody finger-marks on the left sleeve, and a large splash on the left lapel . dripped a. little, down the silk facing and . ended abruptly against the inner coat, whioh it had not stained. Touching this mark with a .horrified finger, - Catherine had . reooiled with a shriek. The stain was fresh } ana the blood not yet dry. ' Poshing his friend into the chair he had vacated, Dr. Matheson hurriedly examined him, expecting to find a wound from whioh these sanguinary stains had come. Bat ibis investigation showed that vonnir Newal was.unharmed, though altogether unable to aooount for the blood upon his overcoat. Meanwhile Catherine had alarmed her mother and -sister, and aU had gathered fearfully around Caleb, questioning him and imploring htm to explain, his condition. This might have been going on for some thing like half an hour, when the bell below wm violently rung, and almost immediately thereafter, without waiting to be announced, Mr. Baxter rushed np the stairs and burst impetuously into the room, He' was a young / man, not more than two or three years older than Caleb (who was twenty-five), and had been for over a year pastor of the Zion ohnrch. A certain degree of intimacy naturally existed between the young minister and the son of the house.' but for some unknown reason Dr. Matheson, who was veify decided in his likes and dislikes, had never entertained any friendship for Mr. Baiter, and did' not hesitate. to. pronounce', -, iuu^ a hypoori&-who did not believe what , he £reaobed. . From him^he borrifiedoom ? ' ? poayrflrafr learnedof themurder of their old : neighbor in tbe presence of those unaa count- , ~ able blood*stains now tafned to damning evidences. It was notioeable . that at the neto, or . almost immediately after the '... - minister'* entranoa, ^alebeeemed^or^the i5^L: , ' first -t3me to realise the ' situation and to igiiifi's, - recover from' the lethargy in whioh he had ' previously been plunged. His mother, who tad sprung^ from Quaker stock and who still lapsed into the Friends' form of speech in. momenta of strong excitement, clasped herhands, and cried, in a trembling yoioej— ? ' Caleb, my son, my son I whose blood is that upon tby oo&t; P* To which Caleb had answered, proudly, 1 As God hears me, mother, I do not know. \- . My hands are dean. X have committed no onme/ t. 'Ibelieve thee, I believe thee; but where hast thou been, my son, . and how did thee eome by these bloody 'witnesses?' — * 'X- snow no more than you do, mother. ? I called ipon Mr. Atterly at about eight o'clock, remaining with him perhaps twenty tiuumiw, ucuajn u#u ttBBOUr ; 1 cannot say |uit how fojig. Mr. Baxter was there. We ?ame -away . together, leaving him in his usual, health and strength. My God! who ?ould nave done thi« helfish deed f r, ;.?^bat is true, Mrs. Newdl.;^ ^Caleb found : me there, and we walked as Air as'the gate togelher. AfterAh&tr; laft him ap^ ~ *n^dp a* ^ Btt^dbentaialltflBway beyond. ^ to dro^ ardUM eaflier in the ^day. Then I went aoross . the fifllds to the tow-path and walked a m3e or so along it/ . . , ? '.OnihatiSide of the tsanalf inqtdrwd B*; i ? Matheson,dryly; ? - 1 . '-^ertamly retorted the minister, ' withrS≠ warmth, 'considering the foot that ihe tow-path is on thls side of the^ water. ^ j ? Oh I You neglected to «roosed:thdbridga:. - ' Tor a moment Mr. Baxter look confused. Than he ignored ^he remark, and inquired,— .v- . 1 Bid you oomg tumie immediately after Z ? left jpu, Caleb P* . . . 1 Whyf, yes— I— I— came home.' Se put ^uhand tpHs foreheadioramoment/asif over his eyel ixt a mb^ement that had been ^peculiar tohimdnpe otUahdod. As he dld sh^ ^he bloody, gripping hand upon his left ooat -sleeve phumy visible. 4 Yes;I came home,' lie repeated,. but the Voice Was not resolute and positive. The little family cirole looked shrinktsgly. at itself and Imme diately averted its eyes. 'I should deploy that 00a t,1 eaid Mr.i Baxter, Wimingly, when taking his leavis.. ? And.if thesubject should oome up you ban, all threer-you' can all fotir testify that he: returned ^imnediately after I left him at. the. God would forgive you for* so good a .'Sir/ cried Dr. Matheson, hotly, 'Caleb is-notaoousedof -murder., When he is, it will ^t e^ then be time to resort to lies., Sel^iiotli^|ooonoeaT.'. ^^Veryli^ycvekyiliJ^y^^^ntesi^ Mr. Baactor, taking . no -&otioe; of ithe young physician's 'anjgeiv .«£ only suggest the onnoe of prevention, for the pound of cure s^ghthe^^ricwaEd.^..';;s ~ 1 ^Boi before midn^ht .i&leb; 17ewal hid hwn . accused^ of ihu^&, ^arriBeted, andim-; pi&cn;&K; Tjie^AWspaperB of that section. JaM 4he ^3S'ew.;^brk anaPhiladelphia dailiu declaimed Ihe liaa been tak»n red-handed in ^ guiUi;flixwTeeka laVwiie^waa tried, oon-' 'viOted : npm^Vo^a^hdmhig 'otoodlnstantiai evidence, ^d^sen^o-^itcr£atir; ' The plea of v.tempqEary ^insanity , hiS been Rejected as soornfuUyiy heen' that one^iigbt; 3ao ^Whs^'^rrtrserti G^eb^ KewaVeviribe^heiligbteet unusual indication : xnac ooma be construed as evidence of .aberration, and this had been notioed only by his family and his bosom friend, all of whom would cheerfully have laid down their lives to prove him innocent. Even the minister, who had seen him immediately, after the orime. had been presumably com* mitted, and at the hour when, as his friends had sought to establish, be had given evidence of mental disturbance, ' testified regretiully that he had himself observed nothing unusual . in the unfortunate young man beyond the natural agitation of suofi anoooanon, ' ' /The defenoe,' said the prosecuting attorney, ironioally, 'is trying to set up the usual plea .behind whion so- many criminals seek refuge* It has always been astonishing to me how sane persons oan believe that some other sane person mav ! become . insane just long enough to commit some atrocious crime, never having shown the slightest indication of mental disturbance^ at. any other period of life, before or after. 'There. is not the faintest shadow of evidence to sustain this plea in the case under trial.' And ao, indeed, it seemed. No human soul was discovered who could testify to Caleb Newal's whereabouts or oonduot during that fatal eighty minutes whioh elapsed from the time when he had parted from Mr. Baxter at the Atterly gate to the ome wnen ,ne naa oeen seen oy tne bridge tender five minutes before his return home. To the exact horir which left this damning gap of time his mother and sisters and friend proudly united in their testimony. To all questions concerning where he had been or what he had done Caleb himself 0Qjy answered, sadly and resignedly, — 'I don't know.' In less than six months from the date of the orime the sentence of death had been executed. 'So sharp and swift and sure is Jersey justice,9 f said the proseouting attorney, proudly. . CHAprEBin. , At mar be imaged ,^iib; stone had been ' preoededliifltrial. ifothmg wasleft undone, ^ but absplufctdyjELo. pine, had been discovered tiiat in the . slightest degree lightened the mvstexy. attending the . nnaooounted-for crime. No one but -the dead man and his murderer knew the circumstances, and if 1 Oaleb was the murderer he was as silent as the dead man ^'If concerning it. Dr. Matheson had negleotedhis practice to searoh for evidence whioh should clear his friend, and during the months of anguish and suspense before the trial and after, pre vious to the exeontion of the sentence, he uaa. oeen me so woe ana stay ot tne prisoner and his half-erased mother and sisters. It therefore oeoasioned but little surprise when it was suddenly announced the day following the execution that he had given up his offioe and rooms in town aud had removed to the Manor, where, at the' request of Mrs. - ' Newal, he had consented to establish himself in her dead son's rooms. The doctor's sign was suspended upon one of the massive stone posts at the end of the massive stone posts at the end of the drive way, and thereafter -the wing formerly oo oupied by the son of the house became the home of his bosom friend. Lights wore vuuiuB u* cms portion 01 tne juano* at all hours of the night, and until thogdector's sudden removal beoame generally known these midnight lamps excited a great deal of comment and conjecture among the passers- ' by, the most superstitions declaring that the ghost of Caleb Newal. haunted h8g beloved laboratory at night and oontinued after death those experiments. 'whioh had been dear to the unhappy young man in life. Others, more praotioal, averred that the afflicted mother t*nd sisters walked thoBe floors in their misery, and oolor was given to this view of the oase by the statement of the servants, who had told their, friends that in their belief no one ever slept in the house, for beds T^nre untouohed in tne morning, and the servants themselves were often awakened hp tba-iinnnd nt ffmani a*-^ mSaa iV. hoars, and hunting footsteps jumbling 1 about the house upon unknown errands. All this excited a great deal of sympathy and jx) nap aaaion .the. afflicted household, ' bnt allT outward ^emonstxations of^ it - were haughtily. declined. From the moment that the execution had actually taken place, Mrs. Newal and her daughters,- and Donald Majheson a4 'well,; seeraed to regard every 'one in the community, ,. with . two exceptions, aooessbry, by oomplianoe at least, to an un just execution. ' These -two exceptions were Absolute Johnson and Margaret Bothwell, the latter a young woman whom it was gen*, erally supposed Caleb would some day have married had he. lived* and had all gone wellv with^him. All the 'Manor romances had fallen under the blight of its tragedy. The minister and Dorothy, tbe dootor and Catherine, were no longer light-hearted young folk whom rumor mated in advanoe of their arrangements. The dootor, ' in »pite of the fact that he was now the daily companion of the woman he loved; had rather the man- I ner and bearing of a careworn, broken hearted man than of a happy lover. The | minister shared too evidently ib the Manor I miseries to admit of any doubt; while the j mental condition tof the two young women j could only be surmised. No friends other than the two fixaenriontrnntAri vam to the old home. Its inmates shunned for 1 mer acquaintances of both sexes, and when jtwo or three of the mora intimate of their girl friends, who had hitherto been received almost as members of the family, were per sistently denied admittance, &ven; their de terminathMV aot to let the innocent family of a guilty man suffer for his on was aban- - doned' '' ? ? - The big iron gate, whioh had hitherto been I always hospitably open, and. whioh had not : b^oloeed lnihe meinoxy bf ihe younger generationj' had its rusty iron hinges oiled; iind washot.pnly closed but padlocked. And 4hep, ^great^y to ; th^V^nonstemation find afll to (ion /the irwo .hpuse'-servants were^ie ?mifis^, todonly .^ Ajndy,'who ai^ed in the dou^^oapa^ty ^f ^gwrdener ind ooatiiman, retam^d;V 'Evmf he wiw not allowed io re- ^ maid upon the plaoe overnight,^ but at nine o1 olodtrDr. SEwi^son came i^nlariy io the gateanH grimly locked him out ' Andy, who was very.deaJp-and who had be^u in the vice of Galeb!s iithsr as a young man, was grisyoqay afflbted -si this aeeniflg lack of oonfldeuoe in hlmeelf, whiob ^lLe oonsidered was ill justified by his znany yiars fidelity to the house; - But ;as -he, .was ..husband to Ami the oook, and ;as Mrs, Newal had told her when dismissing her frt-m ^thej)l$oe that her wages would be continued andshewould be called uponJfor servioe when required, they took a little hnuse^ suponthe^nteklrUof Hhe town-uidpontinuedto re^atd themselves^ as the servuts of the Mwior. . Ocoe a week Ann went bank to clean up the kitohen, oom aUining bittetly b^bause -she was not allowed toiemaini but was trtated like a ttz anger, paring thd wo^k 4^^7 brought her the irash and suoh other vork as was jport&ble;^ like ^oarse sewlnk andtinending. ^ Bhecon tinned |to 'bkkebreadehd'oake andto'dcthe pastry, oooking for the Manor, and, as the exoellenbs ^-f her work has long. been renowned in the ^pfcoe. this baking . gradually extended until Ishe dfda thrifty littie badness ior the better lolass of the towhsptople, and oaii^ to regard h isr dismissal from ootiflning house nervioe as a blessing in disguise, after all. . A wire had been strung along from the 'front gate to the side poron, and attaohed to bell-pull on this by an ingenious contrivance of the doctor's was a hammer whioh fell heavily npon a . good-steed bell. - This bell, selected out of deference to - Andy's fogged hearing, gave forth a deep tone like a small ;church bell, which infaot.it was and by reason of the automatic movement of the hammer it ;09!ild-0faly be, tolled slowly byvthe most im . ringer. One ^pull released a olcok- ^ .like mechanism which oaused thehammer to1 J.1I 1.^1 ? -.L ' fnL»_' :iMt UTP UUI^B mui.-uimrBU WkWtWD. 4.1 us 'telling, floating oyer the : quiet fields and penetrating fp the streets of the town, had a weird and solemn eifeot, ; proceeding as it did from that afflioted house. It seemed -to .ring the knell of all the hopes that household had ever entertained. It tolled for the young life, out off' bo abruptly^ Its melancholy melody contrasting with the oheerful tinkle of the mule 'bolls on the canal was like the deep tolling of a bell for passing souls in the midst of the light affairs of life. It was so ^isolated, so mysterious, so apart from the world, that its sound grew tohave the same effeot upon it* hearers that a convent bell has, heard suddenly b3[ some traveller olimb ing a mountain in ignorance of the high .retreat whence that ringing proceeds. People in the little toWn looked at eaoh other, and said, softly, * The Manor bell,* and listened, and sighed. The captain of the oanal boat who owned tne leasy Key bugle torbore to repeat his oavalry oall if the Manor bell straok while he was passing, and one..oif.the dogs— for among other innovations introduced tho week after the exeontion had been two fierce watoh- dogs — never beoame reoonoiled to it, and. being nnable to adjust its tones to his hearing ana ideas of - harmony, invariably sat upon end with nose pointed heavenward and howled his disapproval at every stroke. By reason of the fact that Dr. Matheson, despite his manifest indifferenoe to an extensive praotioe, ' had always been regarded as a man of brilliant ability and exoeptional skill, his old | patients clung to him or oame baok after brief desertion, and new ones were added, so | that the bell was frequently heard, though I never with any satisfaction by at least one of ! its critioal guardians. The nlace itaelf sat. i j intrenched behind its high stone wall and padlocked gate like a prison, and any | -passer- by whose curiosity prompted him to stop for a moment at night and peer through the dividing bars was speedily rendered un comfortable by the angry barks and ohok ing sniffings of the two surly-tempered wardens. At first no one knew just what disposition had been made of Caleb Newal's remains. It was rnmored about the jail that his body had been bequeathed to Dr. Matherson years *bkfoiie;i5fte£'thB ashlon-of ^medioal students; ' who delight to shock -their friends by callous indifferenoe to boiling and soraping and wir* ing as applied to their own anatomy. In onir oiranf *\,a lt«A „ light apring wagon driven by Dr. Matheson himself ana attended by no cue but his own man. It was known to have been taken straight to the Manor and conveyed into the house, but after that no one had ever seem it issue from the gate. ; No grave had been ordered to be prepared in the oountry cemetery where all tho Newals had been buried. To , aU inquiries the doctor had made but one reply : ? ' The time and plaoe of burial have not yet been deoided upon, but the funeral will be striotly private; After Andy and his wife had taken up their abode in town, it transpired that their young master had been interred tbat night in the Manor garden, in a gave dag by Andy himself under a magnolia tree. The servants did not Be em to 'understand that they had been sworn to any secrecy in the matter, and it was generally considered improbable that the family, had intended to -cast any mys tery around the interment, other than that rigid privacy which seemed suited to the sa^ tragedy of the case. -ds the Manor was outside the city limits, and as many- old families had private burial-grounds upon their own estates, no oomment was aroused bj the knowledge. Even had it been uu Iftvfnl. it IA -1nnhffnl - if nnv nnfifm vnnM have been taken by the authorities, so deep was the sympathy of the community for the surviving members of the family. But it soemed from the disconnected ao counts given by the two faithful old ser vants that it had been a solemn burial they had witnessed that night under the magnolia tree. No one was present besitje the doctor, Absolute Johnson, and the feeble old man, i long retired from active ministry, who had performed the ceremony of marriage for the seoond Newal, christened the third, and now pronounced a few words in a broken and trembling voice over the dishonored remains of .the man who had been the innocent ohfld in his arms so few years before. - Mr, Baxter had been confined to his bed for a week pre ceding the exeoation, and the old clergyman by Caleb*sfamily». Having been delayed by an ..accident, he had arrived too late to per.-j form I any offioe .other than that of commit ting the body to the grave. Both Ann. and Andy, who wore stanoh Catholics, were lond in their denunciation of Mr. Baxter. According to their ideas, he . had deserted their master in his need. They were equally loud in praise of their own priest, who, in ?the absence of other olergy, had administered ' each comfort as -ought be given to a man in extremity who was not a eon of the Church. At the last, when the coffin had been borne from the house to the grave by the two faithful friends of the dead man, aided by^ Andy and the doctor's man, it had been fol lowed only by the aged clergyman, and the little procession had atumbldd through the darkness, guided by. .the -single lantern left standing upon the pile of fresh-turned earth. , The mother and sisters had been too much overcome to aooompany that pitiful little cortege, «nd Dorothy and' Ami had been obliged to administer .restoratives to Mrs. Newal, whom Ann described aa having, been white and rigid-as tbe dead during the time her son's body was . being carried awav- Catherine had not even comedown or been , | present when the brief prayer was;offered in .the ing oandle-lighted room where the Eng ! lyh portraits leaked on with stifi^neoked dis- ? l approval; in a horriedtrip up%stairs after tne camphor-bottle Ann had hewrd her sob bing and praying and- moaning in her brother's room. The faithful woman had feen sent away the next day, heart-broken at leaving them in suoh stress, and describ- i ing the whole household as being on the verge 4-f madness. All these details had--i added ^to (he grisly interest surrounding the . plaoe; but when in the ©ouree of the follow ing week the misery and mystery were pad-;' lowed eway iirotn the public, Sursniseand curiosity could only feed nptfn outside. imagination. The Manor eeemed-to be in «- stele of-siege against the world, resenting theiujnstioe whioh had deprived it of its young master. . (To ns WmBTOKD.1 - - ^ 