SPORTING. i The Turf. R n R The proposed dates of the KaTgoorlie Racing Club's meeting are August 12 e and 14, a week ahead of Coolgardie. At the annual meeting on Wednesday night, Mr JV J. Wilkinson, who presided, said that to adhere to these dates would, he thought,-be ill-advised and hardly in good taste, seeing that tbe Coolgardie Club led in the matter of prise money. The matters in connection with the Augsst programme hare been left over for the new committee to arrange. • The prize-money for the two days' meeting of the Kalgoorlie Racing Club amounts to £1,390 (including £100 expected from Mr W. G. Brookman, to be given for a race named after &im;). At the annual meeting of the Kalgoorlie Racing Club, on Wednesday, night, Mr Wallace f-rownlow announced that he wosld donate s purse of 40sovs. Thefolio wing officers were elected at the animal -meeting of the Kalgoorlie Racing Club for the ensuing year :— President, Mr F. Hare, R.M.; vicepresidents, Messrs H> G. Parsons, P. Whelan, J, X WilMnson, R. B. Pell, and R. L. Hair; committee, Dr Gibson, Messrs J. J. Burgess, Clive Smith, E. H. Lewis, C. Clark, H. N. Tinlev, C. H. Biddle, K. Broagham, T. P. Whitford,-H. Urquhart, G. Kennedy, E. J. Roberts, H. C. Antill, C. S. Stafford, H. D. Pell; secretary, Mr C. Cutbush (re-elected); treasurer, Mr J, A. Wilson (re- elected). Th« balance-sheet of the Kalgoorlie Racing Club' for the year ending May 31,1897, read at the annual -meetings on Wednesday flight, on the side of receipts shows a total of £5,287 6s 2d, and on the Opposite page a total expenditure of £5,133 Ss, leaving a credit balance, after, payment of outstanding aocounts (representing £7 10s) of £154 2s 9d. The chief items of receipts were—Subscriptions, £405 6s ; donations, £542 12s; nominations, £812; J privileges,. £775 12s ; totalisator, £L,649 4s ; enclosures, £738 8s 3d ; proceeds of-selling races, £263 13s 6d Of the expenditure, the prize money given away—£909 and £925 at the August and March meetings respectively—was the heaviest item. Other principal lines were—Buildings and improvements, £1,683 14s 6d for the two race meetings ^ printing, £287 4s 9d5 sundries, including band, settling, handicapping, petty «ash, &c;, for both meetings, £543 17s 4d; wages, £233 6s4d; and totalisator expenses (March) £14)5 18s lid.There was a balance of assets over liabilities of £1,783 9s The following report for the past year was read at the annual meeting of the Kalgoorlie Racing Club on Wednesday night:—"Your committee in presenting the balance-sheet for the season 1896-97 have to congratulate the members on a most successful year, considering, it is the first year of the existence of the club.- Tbe two meetings held^have both resulted in a satis factory profits When the' members consider that the present course was a dense scrub six weeks before the initial ' meeting, and the very heavy expenditure Incurred in building and improvements necessary for both meetings, they ? will admit that the officers have worked hard, especially when it is considered that after two expensive meetings they have brought the club out on the right side of the ledger. Tbis is considered very satis- factory to all, as during that time the club has given away in prize "money done no less a sum than £1,834. And \- their principal prizes—tbe Hannan's Handicap and Kalgoorlie Cup—attract : gome of the best horses in training in " the colonies. = Twenty-two, meetings of the .committee have been held, and have heea well attended. The membership rollcomprises over 200 members, and it will be considerably augmented during the coming y^ar. The whole of the course has been, fenced with a five wire fence, and your committee have ordered a quantity of grass seed which will be sown on the whole of the > : course, as well as in the grand-stand . enclosure. The-committee have received writ from the contractor for a balance ^ of'"money said to be owing on the grandstand^ and our. solicitor has advised us to defend the case. The committee haveodrawn up a, programme for August next, which will be submitted to the vmeeting for confivm»tion,^also dates of same.. A caretaker is In charge of the \- course at a weekly wage of £2 10s; conclusion, your committee" feel certain that the ensuing season will be a prosperous one for the club, more especially as we are starting with a credit balance at ths bank: and a great deal of the ^primitive work done -and paid for. i - Germaine'e win in the Winter Ban dicap at Canning - Park on Tuesday was the second occasion upon which the daughter of The Englishman—Yalerie has won over a milfe coarse. The first occasion "was \in the Port Adelaide <(8 A.) Handicap in June last, on ' pouring wet day^ when- she carried the minimum of $st 7lb and beat a field of sane, including Staflla, in lmin 28sec ; Trewartha's luck is meeting with deserved change. He had four mounts at Oanning-park on Tuesday and rode couple of winners. ' Powell had three jmounts, but was unsuccessful, scoring ©nly*a(8ecoud and athird—ibe meeting < " s t)eingthe first one for some months at which he has not ridden a winner. Benecia Boy is a most unfortunate Some time ago at Canning Bark he ran adeadheat with Trio, and lie has since arun a number of seconds. On Tuesday he was beaten (after strik- , ang^a hurdle) , by only half a head in the ^Hurdle Race, and the finish waB ^ terribly severe. Tiro hours afterwards \l9x Kirby's horse was saddled up again, andMando, whom he easily defeated in a&e; Hurdle Race, joined him in a desperate finish in Ihe Brash- Steeplechase, and, well served by alight weight, ffi T 'yirebrace's horse "deadheated" with Mmjfor first honors. The owners "wisely decided to divide. " Mr - Loughlin, owner of Goldspur, - 'now says he has jiot the least intention ift bringing^ the crack New Zealand ter to Melbourne. Albion is about the smartest sprinter n the colony. The son of King of the ing cut the five furlongs but at Can ing Park on Tuesday in the Selling ace in tbe capital time of lmin, 4 3-5sec, and he won without being xtended. The: pony, Moonlight, gave the spectators a taste of her quality on Tuesday at Canning Park. Pitted against such sprinters as Lottie, Bain Marie, and Swithenween, Mr Willif's mare ran a great race, and as they, passed the post she was a bare halfhead behind the winner in the good time, of lmin 18^sec. During the afternoon at Canning: Park, on Foundation Day, the sum of £3,Q77 was invested in the grandstand enclosure half-sovereign totalisator, representing 6,154 tickets- sold. The sum of £101 was put through the ladies' half-crown- totalisator, and over £300 went through the " flat'' totalisator, aggregating a total sum of close upen £3,500, upon which the Canning Park proprietary reap a commission of 10 per cent, so that, with the large attendance, the meeting should prove a very profitable one. Mr R. A.'Sholl has a three-year-old filly by Escutcheon from Diplomacy, who was a daughter of Ifeckersgat, winch he intends to have brought up out of the paddock, where she has been running for some months. The youngster is bred well enough to win the W.A Derby, and the Perth Cup afterwards. Mr A. E. Cockram recently disposed of the two-year-old filly Malwa, by Malua—Chakwa, to Mr J. Drummond, of Dandaragan, for £70. Mr "Drummond till lately raced Cressy, winning a donble with that mare at the Dandaragan B.C.;meeting in March last. A rumor is current to the effect that Oceana, the dam of Newbaven, has prematurely produced a pledge of affection to Correze, through having slipped into a creek. It is to behoped that this report is without foundation, as Mr Craven, the present owner of Oceana, has been'looMng forward to the posses sionof a foal bred on similar lines to Uewhaven, and would necessarily be greatly disappointed. . One morning at the end of last month Hindoo bled freely from the noBe after doing a strong gallop. Mr Hordern's little black horse has bled before on several occasions, and as he has alwadj provgd himself a racehorse, it is hard to tell how good he might have been but for; this weakening ailment. The Bandmaster gelding Blucher, who was among the winners at the last Q.T.C. races, is said to equal for ugliness anything in the thoroughbred line. One description says he is a monstrous, long-backed, thick-necked, bleary-eyed specimen of the noble animal, with feet like soup plates, his only redeeming quality being that he can gallop. The Hon. Thomas Reiby is supposed to possess one of the best two-year-nlds in Tasmania in the attractive-looking Sentinel, by Arsenal—Kate. While not forgetting Trent's wellwon double, and Key's brilliant achievement, honors of the' afternoon at Flemington on Queen's Birthday, were perhaps with Larrikin. Honest old; Larry " shouldered that big load as though a stone or two one way or tbe other made no difference to him. He always kept the leaders in sight, and jumped everything that crossed his path without putting a foot wrong. The strength of the opposition was, of comrse; reduced by accidents during the chase, but that should not detract an atom from the credit due to the winner. It was a - truly grand performance, and it did true sportsmen's hearts good to see the gallant horse answering the stout question put to Mm. ; The Error, who was killed on May 20 while doing a gallop on his owner's (Mr J. B. Harry) course at Maryborough, Victoria, was a three-year-old, got by the defunct son of Albauy— Oudies, from a mare by the once wellknown Riverina sire, Teddington. The Error was bred at the Berry Jerry stud, and was a fair performer. ' Mr Bignold, of Loch Rosque, has at last lost, by death, his,old hill pony Hamish. What might have been his actual age is doubtful, but Mr Bignold bought him in 1864 (October), after he had done duty for three years in the Gairloch coach, previously to which he had for'three years carted the seaweed up the cliffs of Loch Garron. In 1885 he carried home the muckle hart'of Come Bog, whose clean weight over 20 stone. There is a growing tendency to denounce the, idea of going too far back into the pedigrees of our racehorses. A well-known English authority, in commenting on this subject, says, with much point:-—" The Tu.ks and Barbs are so very remote that in the degrees of tongevity in man compared with tbe horse.it would' be4ike tracing red hair or Roman noses to the Conquest, or at any rate, to Edward the Fourth." _ T. Cunningham has been disqualified for 12 months for his suspicious hand iing^ of ,Cornet in the <&T.;€L Hurdle Race. . He finished a long way frora Pat. '/The dwiier, being dissatisfied withMeting; put^ Phillips iip on the second day, and the horse ran an excellent race* only being beaten in the last 100 yards. The v stewards thereupon held an inqm^ into Satu^ay's running with the above result. Delaware had been performing so indifferently lately that :his J-un-away wiii Cup came as a complete surprise^ 100's to 3 and 4 being easily obtainable. The son of Trenton was in. command going out of tbe straight^ and at the mile post had a two lengths break. Even then his victory was aiiticipated, aTid there were criea of " What price Delaware ?" At the bend Delaware was still sailing along in great style, while the only others who had a ghost of a chance were Talavera and Glendennon. They finished in that order, with Projectile, who started a 5 to 1 fiavo'rite. fourth. A colonial idea was introduced at Liverpool on the occasion of the Grand National Steeplechase. Numbered saddlecloths werensed,. and the public greatly appreciated.the innovation. While galloping with Rebel Queen OQ the morning of May 22 on the sand track at Randwick, Toreador fell very heavily. His rider sustained a fracture of the left arm, which, however, does not c appear to be very serious, as the lad makes light of the injury, and moves about in. good spirits. Captain Webster, son of St. Albans and Pusiy, died recently at Wiuton, N.Z. He was bred by Mr Field in Tasmania, and taken to New Zealand when a yearling in company with Hyacinth (81. Albans—Black Besi.) The ancient hurdle racer, Blackthorn, who paid an unsuccessful visit to Victoria a couple of years ago, scored a decent win over the small sticks at El wick (Tas.) recently. Blackthorn is by Townley, and is in Mick Doyle's stable, W. Miller, who recently purchased Fadladeen on behalf of a West Australian sportsman, intends to leave Sydney for Perth at an early date. He is negotiating for the purchase of another good horse to accompany Fadladeen. At Hughenden recently the owner of a three-year- old named Opera was cornered" for ioconsistent running. This owner is, however, a gentleman of influence on the Northern turf, with a large clientele; and giving him tbe lenient sentence of two months' disqualification, the stewards made a scape goat of the friendless jockey, and sent the lad down for two years, a sentence that, when it comes before the N.Q.I'.A., will surely rot be confirmed as it stands. The chances are, indeed, that the owner and the horse will have to do the two years, while the agent is let off with two months. It would be interesting to hear the Hughenden stewards' reasons for treating the boy's offence as exactly twelve times more heinous than that of his employer. War and the chase (says the tator ") are the ultimate objects of which the Commission on Irish Horses Breeding has lately been hearing the evidence of experts on both sides of the Channel. The Irish owners desire to raise a. class of horses, the best of which can be sold at a high price for hunting, while the rest" pay their way as cavalry remounts. Howjbest to combine these objects the committee will have to decide Thoroughbred sires, it is agreed, produce the stock most likely to make good hunters ; and though the " hackney " is much in favor with some breeders of cavalry horses, we have very .little doubt that the better bred these are the more likely they are to stand the rough work of war. The modern heayy cavalry horse has to carry a total weight, made up of man harness, and equipment, of 20st— 2801b—and the light cavalry horse a weight of 17st. He is expected, if required, to march thirty miles in one day, and to be able to do his work on the next. Bought in Ireland at three years old, he is two years in training, and spends four years in the ranks as his average time of active service. It very possible that if the type of cavalry horse were bigger it would last longer. But the modern animal is a compromise between the needs of the service and the price which Government can afford, There is no such contrast now as formerly between the great war horse, especially brfid to carry the man armor, and the "natural" war horse, bred for speed, endurance, and to carry a man armed only with sword, spear, and shield. 