COMPLETE STORY. (PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AURAXQEJIhNT.] MR. MARSHALL'S * * DOPPELGANGER, H. G. WELLS. [cOrTRIOHT ] CHAPTER I. member of the Society for the Rehab ilitation of Ab normal Phenom ena, have been i-ullcd upou to investigate, tiin t of Mr. Marshall*.* apparition to tlie Rev. Philip Burwari), of Sussex ville, and to the Rev. Philip "Wcndover. his curate, is certainly by no mcabs the least Curious. It was communicated to the society by the Rev. George Barwash himself, with m mass of authenticating evidence quite in excess of the ordinary case of this descrip tion. ' The Rev. George Bnrwash is one of that little army of honest and worthy amateur Investigators scattered throughout the country, clergymen, retired officer.-, professors keeping holiday, and ladies of every descrip tion, who, in spite of a certain inexperience in the handling of human evidence, are doing Biich excellent wort in reviving the erst decadent belief in spiritual entities. He was nlready favourably known to the society by his experiments in thought transference. T The apparition occurred on Christmas Eve, 1895, and his communication was read before the society in the subsequent January. My inquiries in Sossexville were prosecuted daring the April and May following. A doppelgxingcr, I need scarcely remind the reader, is the neo-English for a double: you are here and yet you appear suddenly to 0 friend or acquaintance elsewhere. In other words, a doppolganjrcr is a phantawn of a liTing person. Such phantasms are believed hy many quite reputable people nowadays to be of frequent occurrence, and, as in the case 1 had to examine, are often curiously purposeless. Here we had Mr. Marshall appcaringsuddenlyand with a disturbed coun tenance before Mr. Burwash and his curate, tittering horrible imprecations, threatening them, and then suddenly disappearing. He cursed and threatened without rhyme or reason ; his procedure was totally without symbolic value. But so vivid and so souorous was the phantasm that at the time it did not enter the head of Mr. Burwash to regard him as anything but a veal pcrsou, albeit the figure mored with a curious gliding motion, markedly different from walking. Until it ,vanished, indeed, the thought of ghosts did ,not occur to him. The manner of disap .pearance and the subsequent silence, as the 'reverend gentleman described them, were, •however, quite sufficiently ghost-like for any reasonable person. \ My first proceeding in elucidating this interesting case was, of course, to vi-it the scene of the appearance, and, courteously but exhaustively, to cross-examine Mr. Bunvaxli and Mr. "Wcndover on the* particulars of the Incident. Mr. Borwash occupies a house on the hill side above the church, and in consequence of the growth of his family he has, for the sake of quiet, built himself a small but convenient j )study of pine up the hill. A path crosses over the crest of the hill, and descends steeply from a little gate near the study between the vicarage hedge and the churchyard wall to the lycb gate in the main road below. On Christmas Eve Mr. Burwash had been writing late at his Christmas sennon, having been delayed during the day by a parcel of spookical literature, and it was after midnight .that he finished. His curate, with whom he is, for a vicar, on exceptionally friendly terms, came into the study and sat smoking, while the vicar alternately talked to him and punctuated his discourse for the morrow. It adds to the interest of the case that this curate, Sir. Wendover, was a declared sceptic, "When the punctuation was completed the vicar got up, stretched, and opened his study /door to look out at the weather. He saw by the glare from the door that a few flakes of ynow were falling, and he was preparing to i turn and remark upon this to the curate, when suddenly, and abruptly, Mr. Marshall 'appeared outside the gate, and stood for a moment, swaying exactly like a drunken man, and apparently struggling with violent internal emotions. Then finding his voice, he poured forth with dramatic unexpectedness a .volley of curses, so gross and personal that I had the greatest difficulty iu persuading Mr.: Burwash, in the interests of science, to repeat1 them. ! The curate became aware of Mr Marshall's | presence for the first time when he had heard I this outbreak. He sprang: to his feet, and I saw Marshall distinctly- orer his superior's ; shoulder. Then as abruptly, the man I staggered and vanished into the night. Ashe i did so, a trust of wind whirled the snowfbtkcs ' about, and the «tudy door behind Mr. Bum-ash slammed violently. Mr. Burwash was shut out and the curate in. In bis communication to the society Mr. Btinvash laid great stress upon this fact of the slamming door, because he inclines to the belief that it shows :i quasi-material nature in phantasms, for, as he very pertinently a.-k>, ! how otherwise could the ihsapjicnninre t~ «rlio.*t cause a gust of windThat, howf i is tt side i*sao. As soon as they had re**ovcred j from their surprise. Mr. Bunvnsh went to the : gate, expecting to find Marshall lyingth»: but up the hill and down, the pathway deserted. That, substantially, was the story of the vision of Mr. Burwash, and by itself it would, of course, have had little or no interest. As I immediately po nted out, Marshall him*e!f may have passed that way in ttu intoxicated condition, and his sudden and gliding disappearance may Lave been due to his feet slipping on the frozen snow that veneered the pathway. The closing door, too, by cutting off the light, mar have aided that effect. And the "path is so steep that oue can reasonably imagine a man who had lost hi* footing going down the entire slope of the hill in a second or so; in the time, that is, that it took Mr Burwash to reopen his door. That, indeed, was the view Mr. Burwash himself at first took of the matter, and it i>, I suppose, the explanation that w< recommend itself ro any sane jtcrson. Mr. Wcndover, of course, agreed with him. Bat having a scarcely explicable doubt about the business larking in bis mind, the vicar took the very first opportunity of fc»a Marshall, who is usually a tuber and steady man, with the almost unpardonable ia>ults he had uttered overnight. In any case, and without the faintest snspicion that anything psychic had happened, the vicar would hare done so, though not perhaps so promptly. This opportunity of reproof he made in the afternoon of Christmas Par. He found Mr. and Mrs. Marshall drinking strong tea together, and it carried out the comraunsense theory of the affair that Marshall should have a headache still, and have been quite unable to participate with auy enjoyment in their simple but of course extremely bilious Christmas meal. And he freely and cou tritelr admitted he had been drunk overnight. But when Air. Burwash prucoeded. witn some heat to charge him with the filthy blasphemies of the previous evening- Mrs. Marshall fired up indignantly. Aria then it was that the extraordinary side of this incident came to light. There was the clearest evidence—evidence str ng enough to hang a man, indeed, if need hod been—that Marshall had never been near the vicar's .-ttzdv at all on Christinas Eve; that the thing was au absolute impossibility ; that, in fa fact, about half-past eleven, half-an-hour before the apparition that is, he had been picked up helplessly drunk by sotne charitable neighbours about u couple of huudred yards from the Seven Thorns, carried the whole mile and a half to his own home, carried into his own kitchen, and dumped down there at the very moment when his almost inebriated doppelganger was insulting*the vicar three qnariers of a mile away. I tested ev«*ry link in the chain of evidence, a« I thought, and not a link failed. Mrs. Marshall told me how she had gone to bed, bsiug tired, and how when the good man failed to appear after half-past ten she had grown nzixiotts, and at last, hearing voices outside, had shivered out of bed and gone to the window. A Mr. Ted Apps two brothers named Durgaii, one a blacksmith and the other a watchmaker, and the other a 31 r. Hotheringtcn, a baker, wore walking iu a leisurely and voluminous manner a'oug the road, singing as they walked. She knew Mr. Apps, arid opened the window and called to him. She naked him whether he had seen Marshall. At that the little party stopped and interrogated one another. They all distinctly remembered Marshall being at the Seven Thorns, and until she called their attention to the matter had had a vague iinpiession that he was still, conviviully, with them. Her wifely anxiety being only too evident, and they full of that feeling of mutual helpfulness that stiil, thank Heaven, distinguishes oar homely country Christmastidc, it was natural i they should offer to return for him. "Aw ri, Miz Mara-ball," they cried one after the o'her, in a reassuring voice, and turned, and making the night cheerful with Marshall's name, returned round the long winding road towards the Seven Thorns. All were seasonably inebriated, and no doubt they were now scattered distantly and now in an amiable knot together as they reeled alongeailitig after 3farshall: but all distinctly remember what was happening at the time. I have elaborately, verified the story from all four of them. Everything was as explicit as evidence could be. " 'Twara't nart bun' yards orf Sen Thorns, said the blacksmith Durgan. "that us found en. There 'e iva* with his *cd agen-t tli* old fence and his | blessed owd white legs"—it was Mr. Marshall's weakness invariably to wear a peculiarly light variety of corduroy trousers— "a stickin* art,— je.s' 'elplc»s'o was. 'A<11' carry en every blesaed yard, us did, 'e wuz bad, ] I tell fee." * 1 The other? corroborated exactly. Mar-! shall'* speech they agreed was incoherent—, hbapele.-s in fact. Had he been able to sur- | mount one impossibility- and get up to the vicar's study, it would have been equally impossible for him to have articulated a curse. Of that they were all convinced. And I imagine that the process of carrying him j home along the dark road must have been a j pretty severe test of insensibility. ' 'Didn't you drop him?" I asked of the elder Durg 'Oh. wc dropped 'c," said Durg "Wed reassuringly. " We dropped en right i And lord I what a job we did 'nve, a picking of en tip, to be snre " And he proceeded to give me a detailed narrative, as he remembered it. of the entire journey. Consequent upon Mr. Marshall's incapacity to walk, Mrs Marshall had Jo comedown and open the door in order Out they might earry him in. But bung in a deshabille that she con sidered unbecoming, she stipulated that they should not enter until she hud had time to retire upstairs again. As they came in, she held a candle over th* banisters and directed rbem wuere to drposit tlicir bitrdeu. Mr. Apps, being in a festive mood, then de manded drinks round, bur the others l»cing soberc-r. overruled him. and after they had retired she descended, and harked the front door. Afterwards it would seem that Mr. Apps returned, hammered at the door and demanded drinks again. Twice or three times alio said she was alarmed in t.hh and then Mr. Apps apparently abandoned his quest. She laid great stress on the haviour of Mr. Apps, on uccouut of the trouble about the missing sausages and mince pie to which I shall presently allude. As Marshall rarely drank, and as Mrs. Marshall was a person of refined tastes with womanly horror of an intoxicated man, si did not go down to him in the kitchen until the early morning, and then she found hiui. still in a drink-soudeu. sleep, upon the hearthrug, with a pool of melted snow about him. And there, what one may csdl the ca*c of the alibi, ends Strong that ease indis putably is, the reader must udmit. Now here wc have uu extraordinary con tradiction between two perfectly credible stories. On the one laud two clergymen, and one a sceptic and even a scoffer at psychic experts, witness that Marshall was in one place, and on the other, four indis putably Honest villagers and the man's own wife testify as emphatically that he wu: quite another place. I sighed and weighed every scrap of evidence, and could see no way to reconcile the two except by faking the view Mr. Burwash took, and admitting a belief in doppelgungers. To that effect I finally reported to the society. Altogether 1 gave the business a clear seven days. Only one alternative to that acquiescence seemed possible to me, and that was that the vicar and his curate, in spite of the almost vehement assurance of Mr. Burwash, had not seen Marshall at all. I spent three days seeking a colourable substitute for Marshall, a person who seen casually might have been mistaken for him. and uot one could I find. He had a noticeably long nose, a fresh com plexion, and a large mouth. Even in his dress he was distinctive. In view of the fact that the light of the' vicar's study fell fully on the face of tlie apparition, the mistaken identity notion failed hopelessly as an ex planation. It was doppelganger or nothing. Doppelganger, to tnv miud, seemed the more credible climax. In the whole course of mv career as a psychic inquirer, I had certainly never come upon any occult phenomenon so absolutely a tried and proven thing. I ask the reader to stop at th s : recapitulate the eiscas I have stated it, auu to consider whether the proof does uot seem fo be! practically complete. Xo one at ail familiar with modern psychical research will find any discredit in the absolute carelessness and purposeiessiiess of the appearance. I need scarcely say what a hearty welcome the society, which was naturally glad to find its existence justified, accorded To my per sonal conclusions. People who have com mitted themselves to psychical research, who have been called fools and knaves for their curiosity, cannot lie expected to judge too sceptically such u well authenticated case as mine. The case was, if 1 may use a vulgar but vivid expression, flapped vigorously in the facial of our detractors all over the world, and my own appearance at the May meeting of the society was, fii fi.s way, an ovation. And every inducement was held out to Mr. Marshall to " dopp.-lgang" again. 