THE AVINDOAA'S OF HEAA'KN OPENED. How far the personal worth of princes may ensure the prosperity of their people is not a question into which I will enter, but assuredly this generation and this epoch God has. as it were. opened tne very windows of lieaven. its marvellous advance is beyond all possi bility of contravention. Many times in recent years have its triumphs been enumerated, our age lias been conspicu ously an age of science, both theoret ical and practical. It has for the first time deciphered many a riddle of the universe, and it has also learned to rift the hills and rule the waters. The age of ocean traffic, it has coveriid the seas with ships like floating cities in magni tude, independent of wind and tide. The age of electricity, it has girdled the globe in a few moments with its flaming messages, and now the whole world thrills constantly with common sympa thies as the ambient air vibrates with every sound. The age of healing, it has combated disease, it has minimised an guish, it has materially lengthened the average of human life. It has been the age of empire, not only amazingly ex panded, so that now the flag of England flows on the wings of all the winds, but also of empire securely consolidated— an age in which India became ours, from Cane Coniorin to the Himalayas, in which we have advanced in Africa to the possession of two and a half millions of square miles, and in which Australia has advanced from a few wretched convict settlements to colonies enjoying the full est extent of political and religious free dom, and with eight hundred thousand children in her schools. The age of pou- lation, it has so enormously increased in England that whereas less than a cen tury ago Napoleon first said that fifteen milions in Great Britain must ultimately succum to forty millions in France, we have now forty million citizens in Great Britain, and there are only thirty-nine millions in all France! It has been an age of industry to which Phoenicia and Carthage sink into insignificance. In six decades wealth has increased far ' more than in the previous six centuries and by such leaps and bounds that many a simple citizen now possesses an amplet fortune than was once the revenue ot the whole kingdom. Further than all this, it has been inferior to no period as an age of intellectual activity, of noble j literature, of marvellous mechanism, of varied arts. Had we read in some book of fiction that all this and much more than this would be accomplished in little more than half a century by a bleak island, the " Penitus toto divisos orbe Britannos" of Virgil, the Ultima Thule of. Seneca, the "ghost-haunted, mist re gion" of Procopius, we should have been inclined, as Lord Stanhope said on our conquest of India, to fling the book aside as too preposterous for credence, and say that such marvels had never been accomplished by the lamp of Alad din or the wisdom of Solomon. Happy are we that in the short course of a single lifetime our ears have heard it and our eyes have seen it, and not in dreams. And it is very far from being all, for to this record must be added the far diviner fact that this, our age of magnificent achievements has also been the age of religious enlightenment, of philanthropic activity, of great services conferred by the church upon the young, the afflicted and the poor. The sneering critic may try to minimise the blessings so gigantic and so indisputable, and may listen to that with cynical weariness, but the Christian and the patriot will on fit occasions welcome even their reiteration with a glad and grateful heart. At the beginning of this reign men heard them prognosticated; we have had the happi ness -to see them accomplished. 