My Theatrical and Musical Recollections. (By Emily Soldene.) CHAPTER XXI. No Limelight Men Outside of New York — The City of Brotherly Love — Precept and Practice — Dry-cupped by a Barber — Brooklyn and Its Miseries — The Opera Ball, at the Academy of Music, New York — Globe Theatre, Boston, and the Harvard Students— At Ford’s Theatre, Washington— Visit to General Robert Lee’s Old Home — Baltimore Mules — Buffalo — Niagara, 10deg Below Zero— A Canadian B. and S.— “God Save the Queen” — Chicago: Remains of the Great Fire— Clarke- street, Chicago— Louisville— The “Equal Rights” Law in Operation — St. Louis— “Yours Merrily, John R. Rogers” — A Catarrh— The National Peculiarity— Going to Galveston— Tom- Ochiltree— The Fighting Sheriff of Texas— Sail for New Orleans— The Captain’s Musical Box— The Nxx- xxrs—The Ladies— The Babies— The Races and the Gambling Houses of the Crescent City— Why the Ghost Did Not Walk— We Sail for England. I MUST say right here that America at that time was rather behind in the lime- light business, and when we left New York we had to take our limelight man with us. From New York we went to Philadelphia. We stayed at the Continental Hotel, and played at Mrs. Drew’s Theatre. The cold was intense, and after one night I was down with incipient pneu- monia. Mr. Morton went for a doctor, and in this stronghold of brotherly love, was hours before he could get one. They would “not attend any person connected with the theatre.” At last he re turned with the greatest in the city, Professor Pancoast. The treatment was very heroic, very. I was cupped — dry-cupped — by a barber. I felt I had tumbled back into past centuries. The pro- fessor pulled me through, though, and in two days I was able to sing. From Philadelphia we went to Brooklyn. There was no famous Brooklyn Bridge then, and, living in New York, one had to cross the ferry every night to the theatre — cross in a carriage, of course, which drove bodily on to the ferryboat. The cold, the ice, and the snow were dreadful. The ferryboats crunching and crashing through any amount of miniature ice- bergs, and the stamping of the startled horses, gave us any amount of frights, and the theatre— the Academy of Music — was a great, gloomy, barn of a place. The streets, half lit, were piled up with dirty snow, and the side walks were one sheet of slippery ice. When I arrived, I found my dresser, Mrs. Quinton, had fallen down and broken her arm, but having had it set, was waiting to dress me! I always thought people with broken bones went to bed right away; but not she, she was at once one of the smallest and pluckiest women in the world. At this time Madame Aimee, the French opera bouffe prima donna, was due in New York. The “Aimee” and the “Soldene” companies were both under the same management, “Grau and Chiz- zola;” so said management resolved to give a grand ball at the Academy of Music, New York, at which it was announced that Mme. Aimee and Miss Emily Soldene would receive their friends. The affair was an immense success; the tickets were 5dol, and the receipts over 5000dol. The ball proved interesting to me, for there I met Mr. Charles Thorne, the well-known actor, a handsome man, a charming artist, and an impertinent per- son, but of an impertinence that could be for- given. He, it will be remembered, in conjunction with Mr. Stuart Robson, come over to the Gaiety Theatre and played in Dion Boucicault’s “Led Astray.” The cast included the late Miss Amy Roselle (Mrs. Arthur Dacre) and Miss Helen Barry. Ths play bills used to read so funnily : “Miss Helen Barry ‘Led Astray’ every night, by Dion Bouci- cault.” After Brooklyn we visited the principal cities of the States. In Boston, beautiful bald-headed Boston, we played at the Globe Theatre, and the great Harvard University supplied us with supers. The up-to- date students thereof bribed the real supers with dollars to get out of the theatre and filled their places. One night they assisted in the performances; the next, in faultless evening dress, they occupied the front rows of the fauteuils, their places on the stage being taken by another contin- gent. On our last night the whole college turned out, and they set up a barrel of beer in the green room for the chorus. Never was such a scandal. Afterwards we heard dreadful stories of “rusti- cation” and other terrible penalites. At Washington we played in Ford’s Theatre, where President Lincoln was shot, and on a snowy day crossed the Potomac to General Robert Lee’s beautiful home, confiscated to the State, in whose gardens and grounds lie, taking their rest, 24,000 American soldiers, “Union and “Confede- rate.” To Baltimore, where our train was drawn through the streets from one depot to another by sixty mules, driven by mounted men with long stockwhips, blowing horns, where we sampled the sort of oysters talked about by Charles Dickens, and where we had chicken, “Maryland style,” and found it delicious. To Buffalo, where in the even- ing the streets were dark, dismal, deserted, and we looked vainly for “Buffalo gals, comin’ out to- night — out to-night,” etc., and while there we, of course, visited Niagara on a Sunday, with the glass 10deg below zero. There was an ice bridge over the river, and a tall, cone-shaped ice moun- tain 100ft high, made of the spray which froze as it flew, and biding behind the fleecy mist were hundreds of rainbows, laughing, dancing, irides- cent rainbows. Columns of ice glittered in the sun, and every branch of every tree was hung with strings of flashing diamonds. There was no wind, and though the cold was so intense we did, not feel it. We drove across the iron bridge (the toll for the carriage, if I mistake not, being 6dol) into Canada, sang “God Save the Queen,” and drank many S’s and B’s at “25c” each. A brandy and soda in the “States” costs you 50c. Cincinnati was a wonderful place. They “boarded’ the car horses upstairs on the second floor, and the dears hung their heads out of the windows to get a little fresh air, and to see what was going on below; they only wanted a pipe in their mouths to make the picture perfect. And when we walked home from the theatre at night the rats, as big as kittens, ran down the grain- choked gutters in squeaking crowds. At Chicago we played in a horrid theatre, the wrong side of the city, the Academy of Music. There we had great business, and very nearly a tragedy. One of the girls poisoned herself for the love of Mr. J. B. Rae, the “Burgomaster.” But a stomach-pump and much admonition averted fatal results. In 1875 Chicago bore many traces of the great fire of 1871. Whole streets were in ruins, and tall, gaunt trees, burned and black and cindering, stood along the lake front and on each side of every thoroughfare. I went to a lake-side ceme- tery, three miles from town, and all the way there walked on the charred remains of the wooden side- walk. We found the granite tombs with their plate-glass tops melted and fused (the granite and glass together), lying around in huge confused heaps. The melted stone had run along along in streams like lava. One of the sights of Chicago at that time was Clarke-street— all Dime museums, Dives restaurants, and gambling saloons. We visited one of the museums, saw the Fat Lady and the Living Skeleton, who was going to marry (up in a balloon) the belle of the city; the man who fasted for a fortnight; the man who won the great wager by eating two quails every day for a month. (I am told this feat is impossible); a Mor- mon, who arrived one morning with six wives— six wives being against the city ordinance, they locked him up, and when he got out of gaol, the Dime proprietor gave him (and the wives) a big en- gagement; the boy who lived on nails (tenpenny ones preferred). There were two Aztec idiots, with long, squeezed-up heads and tiny faces, who jabbered and spat upon and polished a tin-can all day. The girl made a rush at every man and wanted to kiss him; we were afraid the boy might be troubled with a similar complaint, so retired. When we got to Louisville, the law conferring on colored people equal rights with white people had just come into operation. Previously to this, no colored person could ride in the same car or eat in the same restaurant with a white person; no colored person could take a room in any hotel. In the theatre colored people had to sit in the place (a top gallery) set apart for them. All this was now to be changed, and white Louis- ville was in a ferment of fury and rage. Dread- ful trouble was expected. There was a rumor that some colored men were coming into the “Parquet” (stalls), and the white gentlemen swore that if they did they’d shoot them “on sight.” The trouble come one evening — I was on the stage — two fine-looking, well-built, colored men in evening dress walked down the aisle, when, up rose the white men, and, covering them with their revol- vers, said one word, “Git.” They went, and there was no shooting till they got to the street, but we had no more colored men in the stalls. At St. Louis, we played at the Olympic Theatre, where “yours merrily, John Rogers,” as he has since told me, had his ears boxed for looking at the Soldene girls instead of attending to his busi- ness, which was that of selling programmes. In the second week of this engagement I was down with unmitigated American catarrh, an inflamma- tion of the soft bones of the head, attended with fever and ague ; a horrible complaint; but, in spite of three doctors, I did not die, no, I was carried into the train, and we started for Galveston. When we left St. Louis, the streets on each side were banked up with walls of dirty snow at least 10ft high. We turned our faces due south, and in twenty-four hours were among the flowering peach trees, miles and miles of them, warm sum- mer sun and roses, straight on we flew over the balmy-scented plains. And at night out come the fire-flies in millions, the voice of the bullfrog was heard in the land, and my catarrh disappeared as if by magic, Over more plains, where wild horse- men were rounding up and lassoing live cattle, and busy buzzards were picking out the eyes of dead ones ; on into the land of the orange, magnolia, and myrtle. The commissariat had to be carried on board the train. There were no dining-cars tacked on in those days — a thousand miles and no refreshment bar! Think of that, ye shades of “Shorts.” The girls got lots of fun out of the cooking; they had little alcohol stoves, and sausage- frying, tea-making, spluttering fires, and unpar- liamentary language went on from early morn till dewy eve. We came to Houston, Texas, just as the sun was rising; the pretty town was bathed in gold and rosy pink. Houston was fast asleep, except for a lot of yawning, grinning nxxxxrs, and flocks of black birds with yellow beaks. Here we had breakfast — a fawn-colored steak, about as thick as the sole of one’s boot, and re- sembling it in more ways than the thickness; a sweet cake, to eat with it, muddy coffee, condensed milk, and a Chinese paper serviette. Off again, past lots of places, and lots of loafing Texan men, tall, nearly too tall, long legs, graceful figures, dark blue eyes, black hair, and big slouch hats — sombre- ros, I suppose. At last we came to Galveston, and gazed upon the sea. How delightful to feel the soft, warm ocean breeze. Harry Greenwall, the manager of the theatre, did all in his power to make us happy and comfortable, and succeeded, even to having “14” painted on the door of my room in the hotel, when he by chance heard I was superstitious about “13.” The theatre was not exactly Drury Lane, and sting- ing nettles grew up close to the stage door. The public was pleased with us. The Press, rather chaste and faddy, found us “improper,” which we were not, also “beefy” which perhaps we were; everybody can’t be as fat as a stoat nailed on a barn door. Anyway, every night the theatre was crowded. We had a real good time, beautiful drives on the beautiful beach, and saw wonderful things and people, not the least wonderful being the famous Tom Ochiltree, the fighting sheriff of Texas, now a New York dude, and the, as nearly as possible, successor of Ward M‘Allister. He told us stories, and everybody knows what steep stories Tom Ochil- tree can tell. On the last day of our stay we had an early matinee, 12 o’clock noon, and afterwards, escorted by the Mayor, the citizens, and the city band, went down to the wharf, and took the stea- mer for New Orleans. They gave us a splendid send-off, and the last thing I recollect of Galveston is that as we steamed out into the Gulf of Mexico, the band (all brass) struck up “God Save the Queen” in five different keys, one for each instrument. Our voyage was monotonous— all deadly sick. Mr. Mor- ton, going to get me a cup of tea, never came back, and after some hours was discovered in the scup- pers wet through, prostrate, collapsed, his hat spoilt, doubled up. He always went on a voyage in a frock coat and a tall silk hat. My sister and I had the captain’s cabin. He was particularly polite. It was a big room, and when the ship rolled and you didn’t like that, you could lie one way, and when she pitched and you didn’t like that, you could lie the other way. The captain had a musical-box, and when he had a more than common attack he came in and wound it up to “amuse us.” We got into New Orleans at 7.30 Sunday even- ing, and at 8 were on the stage. Opened with “Genevieve,” Ben de Bar’s Theatre, packed house, splendid audience. We stayed at the St. Charles Hotel. New Orleans is a lovely city, oranges growing in the front garden, the sun always shining, the sea always glittering. We saw everything, including alligators, and the races. All the jockeys were colored boys. The big ones wore the little ones’ clothes, and the little ones wore the big ones’ clothes. The colored people in New Orleans are not only first-rate servants, they are first-rate en- tertainers. One morning at the hotel, my boy, leaning over my shoulder, said: “Yours berry bang up costume las’ night, missie. I jes’ like ter git dat ar pattern: Ise goin’ ter play a lady myself — der Lady of der Camillas— at der club nex’ week.” I had two women wait in my dressing-room, oth as black as the ace of spades. When any tiing went wrong, or was lost, one in the absence of the other would shake her head, and say, “Not me, missie, der dark gal did it.” Then, if my wash did not arrive on time they would be in a awful state, and make remarks not at all flattering to their sister help. “De dam yallar trash, dey jes’ goes aroun’ in der madame’s clothes, den dey wash ’em up an’ bring ’em back ter de hotel— late.” The expression “goin’ aroun’ ” involves possibilities which one does not care to contemplate in associa- tion with one’s own lingerie. I asked a bright- eyed black and laughing wench which she liked best, these times or the old ones. She showed all her white teeth, an’ guessed “she like de ole times best— berry nasty missie, but berry nice massa.” These people are passionately fond of dress and flowers, and my women decked themselves in the roses sent to my room, and powdered and rouged their faces, and, looking in the glass, “Yah yah’d” themselves nearly into hysterics with delight. We had ten performances a week, playing every evening, including Sunday, and three matinees com- mencing at noon, siesta at 3 p.m. The theatre at the matinee was always a picture — such lots of children, most extravagantly and beautifully dress- ed. Nearly all the New Orleans ladies at the time were in deepest mourning, and those that were not wore black; lovely ladies, too— beautiful, grace- ful. They brought heaps of flowers and threw them on the stage a la Anglais. The city of New Orleans is full of gambling dens, open to the street, and people gamble there all day and all night. One day an awful thing liappened. The “ghost did not walk.” Somebody (old enough to know better) on his way to the theatre to pay salaries, went into one of these places with the dollars, but came out without them. In May, 1875, we sailed from New York for England, and on the voyage made a friendship that has lasted ever since, Miss Annie Wood, of New York, the well-known actress, being kindness itself. My sister and I were very ill, and Miss Wood was the nicest and most practical Samaritan I ever met. CHAPTER XXII. “Fleur de Thé” — Miss Bessie Sudlow at the Criterion — Mr. James Mortimer of the Figaro, howled at by the gallery — Mr. D’Oyley Carte’s dilemma — Miss Bessie at Manchester— My season at the Park Thea- tre—My benefit — Lady Gregory’s opinion of Opera Bouffe — A visit to Paris — People met there — Miss Kate Monroe’s pretty feet— Production of “Mme. le Archiduc” at the Opera Comique— Miss Kate Santley — Our aristocratic clientele— An “embarras de richesse” of Dukes — Dr. Lennox Browne and the pictures on the wall— “Trial by Jury,” with Miss Clara Vesey as the Plaintiff. In 1876, at the Criterion Theatre, under the management of Mr. D’Oyley Carte, was produced a new comic opera called “Fleur de Thé.” I went to the first performance, curious to see Miss Bessie Sudlow, of whom I had heard so much in New York. Those were the days when the gallery howled at Mr. James Mortimer, of the “Figaro,” every time he entered a theatre. They howled that night, but did not disturb the equanimity of James, who, turning his back to the stage, took through his opera-glasses a prolonged and very exhaustive view of his tormentors. When the gods had finished with him they turned their attention to me. “Hall right, Em’ly, we’re a cummin’ a Saturday night,” alluding to my forth- coming engagement at the Park Theatre. Miss Bessie Sudlow, as Caesarine, made an immediate success under peculiar and adverse circumstances. It seems the Lord Chamberlain at the last moment objected to the original cast, and said unless a certain character was cast differently the piece could not be played. Mr. D’Oyley Carte, in agony, wired Mr. Michael Gunn, of Dublin. Mr. Michael Gunn sent on Miss Sudlow. She studied the part in twenty-four hours, played it in boots damp from Davis, in dresses that had to be pinned on her. She sang songs she did not know to tunes she had never heard, wedded to words improvised as she went along. But she was all right, “pulled through,” as she says, by “that dear Goossens,” the conductor. When the notices came out Miss Bessie Sudlow found herelf famous — she had captured the town. Miss Sudlow was a capital hand at playing parts on the shortest notice, and at Manchester repeated as nearly as possible the Criterion coup. She was travelling with Mr. Carte’s company, and the opera was “Mme. Angot.” Miss Patty Laverne Clairette, Miss Selina Dolaro Lange. At rehearsal these ladies disagreed as to the tempi of the duet “Happy Days of Childhood.” Dolly wanted it one way, Patty wanted it another. The end of it was Miss Dolaro refused to play. More agonies for Mr. Carte. He rushed off to the lodgings, Mrs. Brown’s, Ducie-street, Oxford- road — (dear dear, what a lot of us recollect Mrs. Brown, and Charlotte, good old Charlotte) — where Mr. and Mrs. Carte, Miss Bessie Sudlow, and Miss Haidee Crofton were, staying. “My God, Bessie,” said he, bursting in, “you’ll have to play Lange Monday night.” “Why, I’d never seen Lange, except you one night at the Lyceum, before you went to the States,” said she to me, when telling the tale. Well, she had the clothes pinned on. Still, she got there all the same, received an ova- tion from her audience, and a diamond bracelet from Boston Brown. Then, as all the world knows, not long after she played the most important part of her life, and became Mrs. “Mike” Gunn. The season at the Park Theatre, under the management of Parravicini and Corbyn, was a success. We woke up the Camden Town people with “Chilperic,” and in the Pages’ chorus was Miss Maud Branscombe, the most photographed young person of the period. Kate Paradise and her troupe danced; Mdlle. Sara and her troupe danced. At the conclusion of the engagement I took a benefit, at which the late Lady Gregory (Mrs. Stirling) appeared. I held a great reception in the green-room, and she regretted she had not come in contact with opera bouffe before. She had “no idea we had such a good time.” For that night “Trial by Jury” was sent up from the Royalty. Rose Stella sang the Plaintiff (origin- ally played by Miss Nellie Bromley). Fred Sulli- van was the Judge, and Mr. Penley the Foreman of the Jury. Some little time after, my sister and I went to Paris to see an opera of Hervé’s, called “Poulet et Poulette,” in which Schneider appeared. On ar- riving at the theatre, the Varieties, I think, the first person we saw was a gentleman we knew, a Scotch gentleman, who was then only “a Peer,” but who is now “a personage.” “How long shall you stay here?” asked I. “God knows,” said he; “I never leave home more than twenty-four hours without getting a telegram to come back immedi ately: ‘One of my sisters bolted.’ ” Miss Kate Munroe was in a box that night, look- ing particularly pretty. A box in a French the- atre is too awful — stuffy, hot, no room to move. Miss Munroe had the smallest feet (with the ex- ception of Mrs. Judge Russell’s, of New York) I had ever seen. “Why, Kitty,” said I, “give the boys a treat and yourself a little comfort; hang your toes outside, instead of keeping them inside this band-box.” When I returned to London I arranged with Mr. Morton to go to the Opera Comique, to play Mar- ietta in “Mme. l’Archiduc.” Miss Kate Santley was engaged for Fortunato, and though people prophesied we should not get on together, we did excellently, sometimes talked over the “Bell goes a-ringing for Sarah,” and “Up the Alma’s height” days at the Oxford. Our regular clientele this season was much more aristocratic than it had ever been: The Duke of this, and his Grace of that. The late Duke of Sutherland was very fond of coming, and times out of number we, from the stage, would see the audi- ence a wee bit agitated, and his Grace disappearing in a flurry, “fetched to a fire.” The late Duke of Newcastle occupied one particular stall every even- ing during the entire season. Dukes, with us, were pretty plentiful, and one of our principal la- dies could not eat her dinner unless her particular duke cut it up. Dr. Lennox Brown was our throat specialist. For myself, I did not need pro- fessional attendance. But he made it up to me, by sketching pretty pictures on the walls of my dressing-room. Mr. Frederick Clay, the com- poser, a most charming person, came very fre- quently. He wore very fetching open- work shirt- fronts, with colored silk beneath, one night pink, another night blue. Sir George Armitage, too, dear old man; like poverty, he was always with us. “Mme. l’Archiduc” did not catch on to the amount expected. The real success of this short season was “Trial by Jury,” in which Miss Clara Vesey sang “The Plaintiff” with much distinction. 