| TALK O" THE TOWN. I i Each SI; Sangrado, with till poisonous pill Kilos to the 1'rlntor'a Devil— Houses Rutin, That litllo cloud which has appeared iu tho political sky is the beginning of tho end. It may— and probably will — pass over without doing any damage, but certainly it is tho first sign that wo are nearing that dissolution for which tho Opposition _ is prayiug ond of which tho Ministerialists profess not to bo nfraid. It may bo that certain people will look upon tho defection of ono or two mombore, who have hithorto been sup porters of Mr. Rcid, as a hopeful sign. They will form tho conclusion that the ship is not exactly watertight and tho rats aro leaving it. Dubbo is at present having a visit from an old friend, Dr. Tibbits. He is in praotico at Gunning, but ono can hardly tell that though ho may he happy in that pleasant retreat, he would rather bo back in that town in which ho spent so many happy years, and with which ho is connected by so mnny happy associations. Speaking to him the othor duy, I ventured to remark " Well, doctor, I suppose you remember Dubbo io tho early sixties ?" "Sixties," replied ho, " why damme, I was married iu Dubbo in 1859, by a parson, who wore a red shirt and top boots." Tho doctor was in Dubbo over forty years ago, and when he compares then with now tho oompurison fairly staggers him. 1 havo an idea, howover, that rough and primitive as wero tho conditions of life then, Dubbo was a plcasuntor placo to live in in tho fifties tlinn it is now. Funeral tolling and wedding bells. Monday Inst brought tho news to Dubbo tbat iho wife of the late police magistrate (Mr. Love) had died that morning. On Tuesday, the iuformatiou came to hund that bia predecessor nt Dubbo, Mr. Cuswcil, had just been mat ried at Goulhuru. I um certain that tho friends of tho one will sincerely condole with him and of tho other will extend thoir con gratulations. The Melbourne Cup has, as usuul, produced a surprise. The touts were all astray, nud no doubt they will blamo tho clerk of the weather for their discomfiture. They could ace nothing but certain horses, and of all those mentioued only ono got n placo. .The two which ran first and second were scarcely mentioned. It is extra ordinary that tlioy belong to the samo owner, utul aro own brothers. They aro by the imported horse "Guzo." Mr. Forrester has had several attempts to win the Cup, and ouce he bid strongly for it with Highborn, and again ho was close up to it with Penance and Roudu. However, it is a long lane which has no tcrning, nud Mr. Forrester has reached tho turniug. A Sydney paper tells this story, which, if noil vero, is certainly ben trovato A storekeeper from a Northern up-country district, who may he called Smith, came to town and oalled ut one of the city warehouses with an order for it quantity of goods. He was politely received, nod one of the principals showed him over the esUhlislimeul. On reaching the third floor the customer saw a speaking lube ou the wall. Not having seen one beforo ho naked: "What is that?" "Oh, that's a speaking tube; it is u greut convenience. Yon see, we can talk with it to tho clerks on the ground floor without taking thu trouble of going down stairs," "Can they hear anything you say through it?" "Oh. yes; and they oin reply." "You don't eay so? May I speak through it?" " Why, certainly, air." The visitor put his mouth to the tube aud asked : "Aro .Smith's goods packed yet?" The fellow in the office thinking it wna the salesman who had asked the question, replied : "No, and wo ure uot going to pack them yet. Wo are waiting for a reply to that telegram you told us to scud to his town asking whether lie waa worth trusting." New South \\\ ales — or rather the very nicesL peoplo in the province — have had another rude shock. For some time, Syduey society has been making much of a gentleman, who arrived here by tho Canadian mail boat, and called himself Earl Hurdwickc. Ho recently was up Moloog way, opened bazaars there, utteuded picnics, und was made much of generally by all the upper crust of that limestono wool growing district. Unfor tunately, lie is now in tho Sydney lookup, charged with obtaining goods by false pretences from a metropolitan jeweller. Iu other words, he turns out not to be tho earl ut all, und it is unnecessary In say that this is a terrible shock, and has created a very great sensation in high aud haughty circles. A Iriend informs mo that there lias been nothing like it sinco Von Attems flashed upon Sydney like a meteor, and disappeared iu that appropriately- named yucht, "Tlie Hamlet's Ghost." An application for a cu sa— which let me expluiu to such of iny readers as don't understand thesu things is a taking of a man's body in sali.-faetiou for u judgment debt — was recently made to a district court judge. It was aigued on behalf of the unfortunate debtor, who was in the corner, that lie hud no means. " Hut," says the judge, " 1 have it hcfiire me that lie lives iu u house." So it seems that, in future, if a man lias to combat a inotiou to imprison him for debt ho must live in the open— on one o( our flats or under the bridge. Tho Lueknow striko is "off." It ecrluiuly never ought to have been " on " — and nan ».ou it on, a settlement should have been urrived ut long ago, nud no doubt would havo bcuu arranged, ouly tor the intervention ot outsiders, most uf whom did not caie a cent for the workers but used the trouble to vaunt themselves tho friends of labour. When thoro arc differences between employer and employee tho good offices of thu peacemaker ure more likely to bring ubout a settlement than the vupouriug of the tirebrand. In the course of time, tho horny-handed will find tills out. Indeed it appeare to me tlmt they aro slowly discovering it. Those who directed attentiou to the want of un asBietunt at the Clerk of Petty Sessions offico did not move before the necessity arose. In a plnco like Dubbo tho public convenience is worthy of some consideration. Mr. MuNoviu is un able anil efficient officer, and quite capable of doing the work, but unfortunately, to quote the lato Sir Boyle Roche, ho is not twins and cannot bo in two places ut ouce. It is impossible for liiin to sit from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. in the District Court, mid at tho same timo stund behind the counter of hie office and attend to such of the public as wish to pay verdicts, take out summonses, register doge, or transuct other business uf very great impor tance to them. For two days— Monday and Tucs- day-the C.l'.S.'a office was u sealed hook, und thu following Monday it was just ,iu unapproachable, for tho clerk, who is Registrar ot tho District Court, was engaged for many hours iu the troublesome work of taxing costs. Tho salary of uu assistant would not bo more than £50 per milium, and surely a country, which expends ten millions per unuuni, can sparo that sum, in order to make a public offico of the utmost conveuiouuc to the taxpayers. It is a wrong kind of retrsiiehment which ia order to save a few pottuds sacrifices efficiency. The irony of it. On Tuesday night, iu tho betting rooms in Melbournu, I'lirtlieiiopama wss backed to win £25,001) at prices ranging from 100 to 5 to 100 to 8. Ou luesday, so says llie telegram, thu horse at tho end of the race pulled up and walked iu last. The members of the Newtown Fuotliall Club did a graceful act on Saturday evening when they decided to present thu Rous Cup, won pu tho com petitlou with the Ormondes, to) Mr. Mellanhy Dunn. Uiiqiiostioiiubly, only for liiin football would last season liuvc been au unknown quantity, Ho devoted bis energy und bia time— to say noth ing of his pursn— to booming the game, aud that he got a team together fit to win tho cup was a groat feather in his cap. WILL HONEYCOMB. 