Electing a Speaker is for Parliament ono of its most interesting and important func tions. So much depends upon the man who . fills the Chair whenever the House drifts into a difficulty. In all ordinary times the Speakership appears to be a sinecure. The " First Commoner " lias at sucli times but :to remain passive .and stolid, and his whole duty is dis charged. But it is just iu the cases of emergency that the true Speaker emerges. And tlie mischief of it is that no one can tell when tho occasion arises. A deliberative assembly is a theatre for. the clash of many opinions ; and the fierce Democracy breeds its sons rather for their vigor than for their Chesterfield ian accom plishments. It may therefore frequently happen, when debate runs high, with " tlie popular harangue, tho tart "reply, the logic, antl tho wisdom " and the wit," that metaphorical scalps may. fall; and at such moments a feeble man in the Chair means the demoralisa tion of the House and tho general deca dence of Parliamentary tone. AA'e know that tlipre cannot be a lowering of that tone without at the same time a deelension of the quality of tho work that is done. Those who have watched tlie course of Parliamentary procedure know how tho tact and knowledgo of the Speaker— sometimes exhibited in firm ness and at others in suavity — sways the Chamber at these critical moments. Tho qualities/wanted in the Chair are urbanity, high personal character and long acquaint ance witli Parliament. Sargeant Yelver- ton, one of tlie old Elizabethan Speakers, considered that a Speaker of the Boose of Commons should bo " stately and well spoken, his voice " great and his carriage majestical." Alere deportment perhaps counted for more in those times than it docs at' pre sent, but even at present the personal factor counts for something. With one notable exception the Vic torian Parliament lias been fortunate in its Speakers. Extreme Conservatives have sot in the Chair, but have generally demeaned themselves entirely above the narrow pettiness of party. Pro bably the strongest Speaker who ever ruled over a Victorian Assembly was Air. Speakor Lalor. Before entering upon his high duties he was remarkable for being one of the most pronounced Liberals of a very pronounced period. His exalta tion was an exultation-to his party, and fell upon his political' opponents with' a sense of impending dread. But all fears of partiality were vain.' His most virulent enemies were those who were afterwards most loud in declaring his speckless impartiality. Indeed, it was sa,id of him that no sooner liad lie dropped his private character and donned the robes of office, with the fall sense of the greatness of liis responsi bility — Hut tlmt his wlldnoss, mortified in him, Scorned to die too ; yea, at that very moment Cousideration like au angel came And whipped the offending Adam out of him. . At any rate, certain it is that after some years of the exercise of rare ability, marked by decisions which still stand as texts for succeeding Speakers, Parliament unanimously voted to hini in his deolining years a sum of £4000 as a testimony to his services and his worth. These are high precedents to act up to, and it would bo a great pity -were any step to he taken which might derogate from the traditions of the past. The Speakership is one of the most impor tant appointments that Parliament has to confer, and it lias been too much the prac tice to give it without much consideration to the special qualifications of the adopted candidate, und without the slightest reference to the interests of the public, who have a great deal to lose or gain by tho way in which their representatives carry on their (liberations on the public business. . It is a post that demands a firm hand and a steady head ; and yet it may go to a man who has neither, becauso he has bought or begged hie way to it, or because hie party is strong onougli to take this means- of providing a billet for an otherwise dis credited partisan. In either oaso the wishes and the interests of tlio tolerably large number of people outside the walls of Parliament, who furnish tho salary of tlie ollico are quietly ignored. As wo have said, there has been one Speaker in Victoria whom all Parlia mentarians would gladly forgot, and sponge out of tho records were it possible. It was a time of buffoonery. and humiliation. Air. Burnett Smith, in his " History . of the "English Parliament," tells us of in stances in which English Speakers had very rough times of it in the turbulent Houses of turbulent times. For instance, in tlio Journal for 1610 we read : — " Affirmed by Air. Speaker, -that Sir E. " Herbert put not oif his hat to him, but " put out his tongue, and popped his " mouth with his finger in scorn." At a later dato there is an entry " that Mr. T. " T , in a loud and violent manner, " and, contrary to tho usage of " Parliament, standing near " tlie " Speaker's chair, cried ' Baw !' in tlio " Speaker's ear, to tlio great terror and " afli'ightmcnt of the Speaker and of the " members of tlie House." But these are only evidences of what may happen in tho presence of a weak Speakor. AVe can hut dimly fancy the fate which would have overtaken the luckless wight who ventured sucli affronts on Air. Speaker Lalor. Tlio very roar of tlio old lion would liavo struck the offender speechless. It would save a good, deal of trouble if Speakers, like Bishops, were elected at tho nomina tion of tho Holy Ghost, bdeause we should not only get the fittest man for the post hut the transaction would ho removed far above tho slightest suspicion of intrigue. Sir George Turner would speak only as lie was inspired, and the Opposition would accept his choico with tlie same complais ance that the Dean and Chapter in similar circumstances accept tho dictation of the Patronage Secretary. Those reflections enable us to perceive tlio great importance of filling the highest scat in Parliament with a man of capa bility and dignity ; and they naturally cany us to the cause which renders tho seleotion of a new Speaker imperative. Had the electors of East Bourke Boroughs given Sir Graham Berry a couple of hun dred more of their suflragos than they did,' there is no question as to whom the unani mous choice of the Assembly would fall on. One of tlie mischances of battlo, however, has fallen upon him, and at a ripe age, after having given nearly 40 years of his life .to activo politics, ho finds himself dropped as it were by tlie wayside, pushed out amidst the strife and bustle of a younger generation which knows liim only as a name in history. There is an almost universal feeling that Sir Graham Berry's case is just one of those rare examples in which the public conscience would fall short of its own con ceptions of right unless something were dono to smooth His few declining years. He has been one of those public servants whoso whole faculties lay in political work ; and lie has never liad tho fortune or the opportunity to make those thrifty provisions which come so naturally to tlie mail of business. It frequently happens that tho politician, like - tlio poet, lacks . almost entirely the money making faculty. The nation had to pay Titt's debts twice over, though no man knew better how to handle tlie mil lions that flowed through the national purse. Cobden had to be treated in like considerate fashion, having at various times, it is said, received something like £80,000 of public money. John Bright, though ho did nob need it, was equally- a recipient of the popular bounty. In these colonies we have abundant examples of the people's recognition of their tried public ser-' vants. Sir John Robertson received a vote of £10,000 on his retirement from Parlia ment ; Sir Henry Parkcs got the same. The consideration extended to Peter Lalor has already been adverted to. All these things point to something which ' must be done to mark the same sense of. publio justice in tlie case of Sir Graham Berry. In English practice ono of the theories attached to the office of Speaker is that it enndbles .every man who lias filled it; and consequently no man who lias filled it creditably is allowed to go back to the common herd. A peerage and a pension of £4000 a year is at once the moans of elevating and rewarding him, and of pre serving the dignity of the House in his person. AVhen it was debated whether Mr. Peter Lalor should receive a pension or a lump sum, tlie House ascertained what wore the retiring Speaker's own wishes in the matter, and determined upon doing neither more nor less than he asked for. According to tho tenor of a recent cable message the London financiers who are opposed to the British Government interfering in tlie Bilver question havo ap pealed from the Chancellor of the Exchequer to the First Lord of the Admiralty for support. This subject during the last three or four years has claimed a. very, large amountof public attention, wliilstit may also be admitted that.it had a considerable in fluence in deoiding tlio United States Pre sidential election last year. Even the most rabid monometallist cannot afford to ignore tho fact that the ranks of his opponents contain tlie names of a very considerable number of men who occupy a foremost position in both politics and finance, and lionce the question is one that cannot be dis missed as.an absurdity. Indeed, it would appear that during the next few months the matter will again create discussions which may or may not lead to important results. In connection with this matter it mast not be overlooked that a resolution was unanimously adopted by the British House of Commons on the 17th Alarch, 1896, to the following effect : — " That this " House is of opinion that the instability " of tho relative valuo of gold and silver " since the Rction of the Latin Union in " 1873 has proved injurious to .the best " interests of this country, and urges on " tlie Governmont the advisability of doing " all in its power to secure by inter- national monetary agreement a' stable " monetary par of exchange between " gold and silver." It is interesting to note that during tlie debate on this resolution Sir Alichael Hicks- Beach indicated with more than usual clearness what the policy of the Government was in' connection with the question. AVith the reservation that nothing should be done to alter the gold standard of the United Kingdom, the Government was, he stated, prepared to do all in its power to secure the result set forth in thev resolution.. The points upon which concessions could .be made, it was suggested, were the reopening of the Indian mints to the free coinage of silver, and efforts in minor directions to increase the, circulation of silver, as currency. The British Govern ment, at the date referred to,, however, was not favorable to a conference, but the action taken this year, primarily by the United States and subsequently by France, has resulted in new negotiations being opened up, with the result that during the. present month some important announce ments may he made. The .precise proposals made by. the I United States Commissioners, baoked by tho Premier of Franco, lmvo not as yet been disclosed, hut our London advices give them as follows : — Tho Bank , of England to hold one-fifth of its re serves in silver, half-sovereigns to ho withdrawn from circulation, and tho Indian mints reopened for tho free coinage of silver. The first con dition is warmly resented in London, whilst Canada, it scums, is against it ; and, strange as it may appear, its opponents have mnde their appeal to Air. .Gosehen, who, when in oliico with Air. Gladstone, offered it as England's contribution to solv ing tlio bimetallic question. The ". Statist," a monometallist authority, commenting on tlie concessions which the United States and Franco are credited witli asking for, says: — "Assuming that only tlicso tlirco " points are insisted upon, it is probable " that tho Government will yield. It will " hardly wish to refuse proposals made " by tho United States and France '' if they do not clash with " our own settled currency policy." In support of this view it is contended that concessions to the extent montioned have already been suggested as practicable, and if made would only carry into effect tlie promise made by the Government to the House of Commons last year. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach is a confirmed mono metallist, hut his views are not accepted personally by all the members of tho Cabinet. Air. Balfour, for instance, is pledged to tlie other party, and if the election pledges of several Minis ters are to be accepted as any indication, lie has no insignificant following on this point. Hence, there now appeal's to he a prospect of this important question being dealt with in a manner which will at least tend to mitigate that feeling ot uncertainty as to tlie future valuo of silver which it is claimed lias prejudiced the interests of. both traders and producers. If tiie statements made in the annual report of the council of the Bimetallic. League faithfully represent the position, considerable progress in its crusade has been made during tho past year. It is claimed that' the policy of the league is steadily gaining ground amongst tho wage earning , classes of the United Kingdom. The contention put forward by mono- metallists, that theremonetisation of silver would raise prices, and thus tend to make life harder , for tlio masses, is met by tlie statement that, "however low prices may " suit tho non-producing classes, those " eonneoted with or engaged in any branch " of productive industry do not gain by " having the fruit of their labors sold at "falling prices, artificially- induced "as a consequence of monetary legis- " lation." Further, it is pointed out that with par exchange between the two metals such as existed between 1852-73, capital engaged in productive industry reaped good profits, wages advanced, and the conditions of labor improved in a manner quite unexampled before and quite unexampled sinco ; whilst everyone who has eared to study the history of tho world's progress during tlie period men tioned must admit the great improvement which has occurred in all industrial and'com- mercial pursuits. Still thequestion that has co be decided, and one which has not beeu so clearly answered as could bo wished, is whether the subsequent depression was wholly due to the fall in silver. It may have been coninoidenfc therewith, hut it does not follow that it was tiie sole cause. It is on this point that the rival cults join issue. Tho bimetallist asserts that monometallism tends to favor only tlie non-producer,.: with the result that the rich grow richer and the poor poorer. In support of this assump tion it is contended that not only have tlio returns now obtainable for all raw produce fallen, but manufactures havo likewise been affeoted, and it is this which at the present time is largely influencing the wage question in tlio United Kingdom. This isillustrated by the proposed reduction in the wages paid in the Lancashire cotton mills, the cotton industry for the last few years having proved the reverse of. remunerative. The monometallists on the other hand assert that the fall in the price of silver, though it may have affected tho par of exchange, has not inflicted any injury on British trade and manufacture, and they urgo that the prosperity of the country is indioated by tho ever increasing revenue returns, the expansion in the Savings Bank deposits, the yield from tlio income tax and the steady growtii in the trade returns. Their opponents admit this, but they claim that at no period in British history lias the distribution of wealth been more marked than at present. Tlie fall in silver has not been followed by an aotnal loss of wealth, hut it has created a great disturbance in its distribution. It is evi dent that the importance of deciding tlie silver question is now very fully reeog-. nised, and though opinions may differ materially as to the proper course to pursue there appears to be a probability that the British answer to the overtures from America and France may . be in a direction which will at least afford a mitigation if not offer a solution of the difficulty. Our cable message to-day how- over, suggests that the -Britisli Ministry does not feel disposed to reopen the Indian mints for tho free coinage of silver, and is still averse to an international confer ence. Tho "Times" considers that to meet the views of such members of the Cabinet as sympathise with tlio bimetallic movement the Government would do well to entertain alternative proposals by Amerioa and France. AArhat these proposals are to be is not mentioned ; but assuming that the statement of Great Britain's re fusal to entertain tho concessions referred to above is correot, it will be seen- that a distinct departure lias been made from tho position taken up in the House of Com mons lost year by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. 