MR. DAMPIER AS "HAMLET. Mr. Alfred Dampier opened his return season at the Theatre Eoyal last night with " Hamlet/' and thej-production, artistically and otherwise, was a great success. The building was tilled in every part, amongst those present being a party arranged by the Mayor, including the Mayor and Mayoress, Rev. E, Gordon Savile, Mrs. Barton-Parkes, Mrs. and Miss Fearby, Mi. J. J. Tucker, and Mrs., Miss, and Miss E. Tucker. Mr. Dampier as the Dane, gave a consistent, scholarly, [and earneBt representation of the character; he made of Hamlet a gloomy,' brooding pessimist, not a madman—a man whose one desire was for vengeance and who lived with his eyes wide openei to the hypocrisy and deceit, of his surroundings. His satirical jibing lines were exceptionally well spoken, the "players' speech" being splendidly delivered, likewise the apostrophe to Yorick's skull. In the big. scene with Ophelia, the actor also showed tiie passion at his command. To many present Mr. Dampier's impersonation of the melancholy Dane was not new. He has taken the part of Hamlet in England, and in most, if not all, the Australian colonies, and in Sydney he played it for eight weeks in succession. His conception of the part is a good one. In several of the scenes he rose to great power, notably in the players' scene (Act 1IL, Scene II). and with the scene with the Queen in the same Act. Miss Katherine Russell's playing of the Queen was distinguished by a great deal of reserved power, and undoubtedly her best scene was that already referred to at the close of the third act. Miss Rose Dampier's Ophelia possessed considerable merit, her singing in" the mad scene being a feature of her performance. Mr. Duggan played the part of Polonius more than passing well; his performance WBB finished. Mr. Appleton gave a fine rendering of the King, and Mr. Bolfe deserves much credit for his Laertes. The Ghost, Mr. E. H. Holloway played on conventional lines, his deep resonant voice being peculiarly adapted to the part. Mr. Howard Smith, Mr. Elvins, Mr. Esmelton, and Miss Clements were also in the cast, and assisted in the tout, ensemble. The. tragedy was excellently staged and dressed, and it will probably be many a day before Coolgardie will see another Shakesperian play inter- preted by such an artist as Mr. Alfred Dampier. To-night Mr. Dampier's own version of " Bast Lynne" will' be staged, with Miss Lily Dampier in the dual role of Lady Isabel and Madame Vine. She is the youngest living actress undertaking this difficult role, and ter Shakesp'rian training having peculiarly adapted her to emotional acting, a great treat is in store for those intending to be present. The season positively closes to-morrow night, when" a'" Boyal Pardon " wiU be staged. Seats may be booked for both nightsStein's, bookseller. 