THE DISAPPOINTMENT OF LADY EQRDYGE, 51 Really, Arthur* it seems quite providential that yoa should come.dome just now to help me in this great difficulty," said Lady Fordyoe plaintively, as she banded her big brenzed step-son a tiny cup which seemed almost distressingly fragile in his brown fingers. " You always were so sensible and good." % Colonel Fordyoe suppressed a smile. He had not always been a persona grata to the lady who appealed to him so touohingly; and he had a vivid raoelleotion of the daye when , he had been unceremoniously bundled out of her ladyship's life, in order that she might be reminded as little as possible of his very inconvenient existence.v ; " I am sure J shall be glad if I oan assist you," he said politely. " But don't expeot toe much Of me. For one thing, I have been in the East se long that I have lost touch of sodoty, I daresay I am an infant of days compared with Horaoe." " Oh, Horace 1" said Lady Fordyce, tapping oa the dainty table with a: silver tea- i spoen to indioate a dramatic disappointment. " I oan do nothing with Horaoe; fie used to be tractable enough. But sinoa this mad infatuation——" "Who is she!" asked the Colonel, with scarcely a shade of interest in his sleepy voice, " She is thirty>five if Bhe is a day," cried Lady Fordyoe in deep exasperation, " Thirty-five, and what 1B Horaoe ?—a boy ! And as good-looking as he is he might make an excellent marriage, though he is only theyoungest son—don't think J grudge you your lack," she added with emeoth quiokuess, "for really it is an unspeakable' comfort to have you to turn difficulty," " Why, moBt young men. fall in love with women older than themselves," said Colonel Fordyoe, smiling. 41 It is a natural phaseso I am told at least." " Were yen through it f *' MaiB non—honestly." "I wonder If you were ever—that is, If you ever theaght of getting married, Bat, of course, you have oome home partly for that?" " Mp dear Lady Ferdyce, I don't think X shall ever many." So much the better for Horace," was the thought reflected in Lady Fordyoe's eyes. But she only said cheerfully, " Oh, wait untii you meet with seme our nloe home>coBntry girls—not at all like the Anglo-Indian ladies—whe must be a .queer lot if Budyard Kipling " " They are like other women—all sorts," said the Colonel. " But meanwhile, this affair of Horace's. And it concerns yo« alBO. When yon marry your wife won't uko to have a sleterrin-law who drops her 'h's' and mis-spells words in her invitations," " In these days of universal education ——" began the Colonel. "Oh, bother!" cried Lady Fordyoe impatiently. " Excuse me, Arthur, but yen remind me ever so much of your father, He was a dear, good man, but when he began to make little speeches—" "1 wasn't going te make a speeoh." "And don't I tell yon ahe must have> been born ages before universal education 1 I took the trouble to see the woman. Groedness only knows what Horace oan fancy in her. She has hot a particle of •olour " — Lady' Fordyoe took a. fust, momentary peep at her own refleotlen, where the transparent rose which had always been one of her pet attractions was jnsfc becomingly heightened by the labour of nuking tea and the proximity of the fire—" she'a a ghost rather than a woman, " " It doesn't matter. • Beauty is In the eyeB of the beholder,' don't yon know? Seriously, what do you expeot me to do ? I am willing te obey you- is season j~l»ut you •St from—pursuingthis attaohm^ht, the chances: are that the result is opposite to what you expect." " You are quite right," said Lady FordyoeVoonfidentlally," and I have thought of-a much better plau, It flashed upon me like—like an inspiration." ' Oood," said the Colonel; " yeurplan of campaign?" " Why, e? course ; what attrasfes her in Horace is hts position and money." <' Are all women so mercenary ?" "Ninety-nine percent.," asserted Lady Foidyce,wlthabsoIutecOnvIdtion. "lfow —ieu't you see, Arthur—if Horaoe is a good match you are ever so much a better one?"' Am I to immolate myself to save Horace ? Besides, it appears to me that the position is not materially improved." " Oh, you are net so stupid! - Why, you need not commit yoarself the least little -bit in the world." (,Isee, I see," meditated the Colonel. ,"Well?" " DoeB it strike you,as fair ?" " Fair 1 Is there anything unfair'in it? Not at*U." "Bather hard lines for the girl. 11 Arthur, all that I want is to shew her her true colours and disillusionise my .oraee. Really^ one could believe in iraft, her influence over him^s so un itablc." « And what" will Horaoe think of me ?" " He will thank you, as I shall." "I am not quite eo certain of his gratitude. And I don't know that I quite lib But, never mind, I will reconnoitre a little, and see what can be accomplished. Attheptessn6t!me }ifyouwiU«xouBeme, I'll go down to the' vineries and have a smoke. I hear a carriage arriving—some of your callers." •< Den't you care to stay ?" " You'll let me off this time. Au revolr," and the colonel exeoated a strategio retreat through the conservatory. He shrugged his shoulders a trifle at the sharp touch of the Ooteber breeze,- which ought to have been warded by an overccat £rom an individual tropically sensitised, and strode rapidly te the vineries. The door, he opened so pre cipitately aB to knock the cigar from the fingers of a smoker who had already taken refuge there. " Confound the islotasy door. Sid I rap yourknuokIep,Hor)£ce?'' " Sapped my Havana, at any rate. Come in, old man." "Seme of yonr friends have just ar rived," "The Glenoarrs—— Saw them drive past." "Don't yon want ?" "Who? I? Bather not, thanks," "The irtencarr girls have grown up pretty, I hear." " Oh, moderate. Well enough, if the mother would let me alone about them< : The maternal soap-boiler has endowed all the girlB, you know." V That doesn't seem to be scch an in snperable objection if the girls are nice, "Well, but you know a man oan't, H&hg; it, Arthur, what is the use of it all wheuthere iB aemebedy else.' " I don't pretend to an especially wide range of experiences; but I've noticed that in oasesof eepecialiy suitable marriages there is an- unfortunate tendency for somebody else to oocur. But, perhaps, somebody else may be equally suitable." " You woaldn't think se," said Horace, sulkily, knocking off a long grey finger of ash from his oigar; " and the mother don't think so. She'd suit me ail right enough. « And you her ?' " That's the contrariness efthfagg. She won't have anything to say to me—la that line,- "Why, I thought," began the Colonel, fa*aring at his brother Inannnfeigned^sur* ^lilf, "Oh, I see," cried Horace. "The mother has been giving you the Authorised Version. And yen oome here very Innocent—pretending to know nothing about it —to get my confidence. That's brotherly. Thank you." " Pooh ! don't bo an MB, and get angry about nothing," said the Colonel, serenely. " It's rather interesting altogether. Infaot, the interest develops. Is there another Somebody Else in the case too?" " There may be for all I knew," said Horaoe, a little mollified, but still sullen; "How did you oome to know her?" " When the mother was at Riviera—yon ^ know—that time I caught pneumonia salmon-fishing. She nursed me, I had lodgings at Invereatild ; she stayed in the same house—the landlady was a helpless old idiot. It's well for the mother to make a fuss ? Why, I shouldn't have been alive but for that girl." Case of gratitude," thought the Colonel, and his estimate of Horace rosa aocardingly. " Was she the landlady's daughter ?" " No; she works in a shop, A little fanoywork shop off the square. You know Iuvercauld t" " I need to know the town, Think I shall ran d own some of these days. I want some thing's," " Look here, Arthur, I'll thank you not to interfere." " I'll be discretion personified," said the Colonel, laughing. . " If you saw her you would ^understand fertyourself how baseless the mother's pre- judices are. If yen would talk her over, Arthur—for yeu know women can make matters-very .unpleasant sometimes—and I - occasionally think that the reason she won't say * yes' is " Barring the hypothetical somebody; suggested hie step-brother; strolling away. " Amusing-}" he thought to himself. " Commissioned oft' both sides. And have I oome home from tndfo to play Providence to Horaoe's love affairs—I, who never—that is " And he fell Into A reverie, - It so ehanced that Horace was called te London that evening on important basineBa concerning the Government eiEce to ?hich he wae attached, by way of the start .of a career, And the Colonel, having nothing better to do, found himBelf ln Inveroauld, and was sauntering down the chill, monotonousroad whioh led under grey rainless skies from the station to the town before he' reoollected that he had omitted the very necessary formality ef discovering the uame of the lady of whom he was in quest. fit don't matter, 1 ' he mnBed, "I shall ohance findingher*?' There was a little shop at the corner of the irregular open space by couEteiy called a square. . It wore* forlorn and shrinking aspect, because thefrentage ©I ^the building receded as compared With the neighbouring erections on each side, and the stream of traffic—Buoh as it was—naturally drove on undiverted. To the right hand'a big grocer's shop blazed with light; te the left the varied windows of a draper's, bedizened with " Cheap Sale" tickets, courted attend tlon. Between them the little window, with its single modest gaslight, was eclipsed. The entire contents "of the display might have .been bought for a sovereign! A few.' white muslin aprens - and Shetland scarfs and in the fcregroiind Was arranged a sparse sprinkling of photegraph frsmea, a ttpx of thimbles; and a iewalceinB of silk. Instinct forced the.Celoriel to pau&e;, , •• The place I" he said.'" Now—what do" want to bny? I think I ^waat ^te.bny tide photograph frxme?." " v . * - j| Hext mement ihe tremulous bell on the door tingled as he entered, A girl glided'|rpxn^ back room, and confronted Mm, aver ^ha .sjpuater. , -The shep was so dim that he Oosld ouly Bee that she was petite of figsreand dreased in black. :: "I .want some—frames/' said Colonel Fordyce, feeling suddenly that he was play ' I nearly the part of a spy, " Yon " Tee. < Like these ? But Twill lightihe gas—the days are BO short now." She brought a lighted taper from the giens, beyond, and stood ' on" tiptoe ; to! reach the bracket; The ^ ColOnel ! looked covertly aorosa at her, as'the iigfat fiaoded suddenlyover a pale faee crowried;with • heavy, twisted coronaLof'dead-gold hair faintly rippling back from' the - low wide temples. Ha started violently, and the frame he was fingering crashed to 'the ground, " You ?—Fleecy 1" " I did not think- you would recognise' me, Colonel Fordyco," said the girl quietly. " You know me ?' "I knew your voice when you «poke. We'had heard £hat you were at Dnncairn House." Fleecy—Fleecy Windram," he repeated, holding v her hand. I ought to Bay Miss Windram, of course. But the old name comes so readily to one's lips . . you can't think how it all comes hack to me—audit was suoh a snrprlse to findyou here,' 1 So very different were his last recollections of her! The big, roomy parlour of the vicarage, more his boyhood's home than hta other house had war been, lit by the leaping firelightalone—against the open window, coming and going, a black-figure silhouetted on the golden west, the vicar studying Ids next hemsiy, himself on the rug, and a slight child with rich waves of golden hair falling beneath her waist—the ' V Golden Fleece " from whioh he had nioknamed her, teasing him for stories, or listening hi rapt attention while he talked with' her brother of the things they meant to do, being men— or at the old piano whioh sang under her quick young fingers, .Happy, peaoeful evenings of the past! remembered many a time under the baking drought of Indian skies, as David might remember Bethlehem's well! And I tried to find you. I tried to learn something about yon when I was coming home,", he said. " How was it ?" "It would be a long story," she said steadily; "I daresay a story sufficiently common, You can infer it from the last chapter. , . . De you care to look at the photograph frames 1" I oame to see you," he said. " I heard of you from my brother. But I had no ideas." . "I nursed him through hi& Illness," she said simply, Charlie died of pneumohia-~. if I had been near him—or anyone 'who understood, it would have been so different. But your brother is making a mistake. 'Will you not persuade him so ? I have teld him so ofted—he will persist in thinking——" " Do you know why I made each efforts to discover what had become of you ? It was because I cared for you, dear. I thought of you so oftenin lndla—I dreamed of coming heme—to ask you to be my wife—to win you for myself. Is there any hope of my dream coming true ?" - A wave of crimson aurged slowly over her preface, " Dcn't ask me, Arthur. I am changed,: faded, worn with sorrow» My very name has seemed a: mookery to me. Felicia I—it ought to have besn Dolorea." He gathered'her inte Ms arms, ^ <sIt shall be a mookery no longer, dearest. We shall be happy together—yon and I. Let the dead bury its dead." "Oh, yes, It was a disappointment to me," said Lady Fordyoe to her best Mend, as they sat taking chocolate together on a snnny terraoe at Mentene, never thought Arthur would marry g -and, of course, all Horaoe's chances are gone now. Still the dear boy is getting on so well; eund now he is engaged to a really nice girl With a great deal: ef money—though that is a secondary matter. One must reconcile one' [ eef to mngs as ass, Bat it waa a great diesppoletmtnti 