THE LIGHT THAT OAST V Cunious atones aro told abonl^ possessed by certain natives of Ina.^ /*\ up umouir tho Himalaya monntnioBT^-'^-rieiiO \f'- oil mon. it in naid, hiivo dovotod Kcorea of yonro \; to tho etudy of nutui-nl laws and forces, vrhioh * tho rest of tho w rid known nothing abouf. Lately a Gorman professor visited the ' adepts,' as tlioi-e que-r Hindus aro called. lor tno pirposo o* nuaintf out tn1 secret or tt-ei ? remarkable performances. They treated him rather Bourvi'y, but i iioreatod him all tho same. One d-y tho professor wantod to ex amine Gome onoif ut SJar^krit manuBeripta. An adept wont with him to a cavo wherein tha boots wore kopt. Tho place was dark as the bjttom of a w- 11. ' I can't boo to read, here,' said the visitor. 'Then we will havo some light,' was tho reply, and immediately (iho profesor Bays) a soft, penrly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whonco it came, but he noticed that it had ono stnmgo quality— it cast not the slightest shadow. ThiB is a story hard to believo, yet its truth is affirmed by a mnu of vast lonming and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except tha- all the lights you havo floen havo east shadows. Belief or un beliof commonly rims paralel w'th one'* own experience. Dr. Johnson suilfdd at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited tho tale of the Cook Lano ghost. A man who ha- baen ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical whon f rienda tell him of a mo^ieine which they believe will mako him well. What elso bnt doubt could result from his oxperiencoP Taku an examp'o : — ' Iu the spriiiH- of 1888,' wrieB onr corres pondent,' I fell into a low. weak, and languid utato. I felt low-spirited nnd out of aorta. At first my stomnch wus deni' ged. my appetite poor, and after eatinp I had p'lin end weight at the chest. I was muoh troubled with wind, and frequently spiit up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great dopro-viou of HpiritM. I kept up with my work, buthadalwiys a s use of discomfort. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syr'ip, and pro cured a supply After I had btken only a few doses I found rolief j my f-od digestod, and srradunllv all norvousncHfl left. me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medioino, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over divenno. Rinco my recovery, for which I than'i Mother Seisrel'H Curative Syrup, I h-ive been in tho best if health and sp'rits. In the interests .-f suffering humanity I deem it a duty to ei'ud you thiB testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitt -r, 151, Hookley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893.' There ia a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths' candid letter and tho atiry ab)ut the light that eaBt no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot he verified without more troublo than it is worth. On the other hand we havo a trustworthy witno«B, who will answer letters of iuquiry, and can bo found at hia address. Finally, there H no hing mystic or magical about Mother HeL'el's Curative Syrup. It acts on. the theory that moat ailmonta are but symp toms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws tho light of health aud happiness ovei* hearths and homes whore illness and pain ^ aA cast Buoh dan: and terrifyincr shadows. A^d that is why people bolievo all that if ^jjj of jfg Bno' oes by eager witnesses. 