Actors of the Past. PAIA MALL MAGAZINE. , Beforo we come to tbo year of the Qucon's accession, and the, heyday of Macroady's oareert let us glanco for a moment at Edmund Koan through the oyos of Hazlitt and Leigh Hunt. With the possible oxcop tlon of Mrs. SiddonB, Hazlitt regarded Koan aa the greatest aotor he had cvor witnessed. 44Nor," ho eaya, 44 except in voice and per son, and the conscious eaBe and dignity naturally resulting from those udavntagea, do wo know that ovon Mrs. Siddons was greater. In truth of nature and force of passion, in discrimination and originality, we see no inferiority to anyone on the part of Mr Kean; bub there is Ian insignificance of figure, and a hoarseness of voioe, that nocosBarily vulgarise or diminish our idea of fcho characters he plays ; and perhaps to this maybe added a want of a cortain elevation and-magnitude of thought of which Mrs. Sid dons' noble form sebmed to bo the only i natural mould and receptacle." Kemble, according to Leigh Hunt, had faded before ! Kean like a tragedy ghost. "Kemble'a ! Othello," he declared, 44 was nob the man, J but his mask; a trophy, a consul's-robe, a statue ; or, if you please, a rhetorician. lb .was Addison's 4 Cato' or an aotor's School master, which you will, bub neither'Shako epeare nor gehuine acting." Kemble had never moved him except as Lear. Kean he never saw 44 without beincj moved, 'and moved too in fifty ways-by his Barcaam, his BweetneBS, his patho9, his exceeding grace, his gallant levity, hie measureless dignity ; for hislittlo person absolutely becomes tall, and rises to rhe height of morai grandeur in such characters as that of Othellu. Such was the actor with whom Macready had to challenge comparison when he came to Lon don in 1810. The critics paid him tho com pliment of at least comparing him with his great rival, though seldom to his advantage ; in the expression of domestio tenderness alone would Leigh Hunt allow that he was tho superior. Talfourd was perhaps more favourable to him than the rest, describing him as being the 44 most romantic," AH Kemble was the " most classical," and Keati the "most intensely human" of actor.*. Some denied his ri^ht evon to the title of tragedian, contending that ho was success ful only in melodrama; but this George ?Henry Lewes, a reliable as well as a brilliant critic, declares to be absurd. It was in the first year of the present reign that Macready, then a man of forty four, undertook the managership of Covent Garden Theatre. One of'hie first acts was to petition the young Queen for her special ipatronage, and for the liberty to assume for his players the title of "Her M&juaty;'sCom pany of Performers," This is recorded on August 19. On August 23 he received a ' gracious reply, thus summarised by Macready himself: 4* The Queen had expressed her self much interested in Covent Gardon, stated that she had groat respect for Mr Mac ready and admiration for his talent, that the precise object of his request required con sideration, but if it should be deemed im practicable to concede, that she trusted . other means might be found of rendering assistance to his undertaking." In Novem ber tho Queen visited the theatre, ? and asked to see Macready after tho performance was over. The event is thus recorded ;-u I dressed myself in full dress, and went to wait on her as she retired. At length the Queon-a very pretty girl-came. Lord Conyngham told her who I was. She smiled and bowed, and said, 'I am very mnch obliged to you,' pointed me out to the Duchess of Kent, and bowed repeatedly to mo." Thirteen years later Maoready per formed before the Queen under circumr stances less pleasing to himself. The occasion was thuG of a production of Julius Ccesar at Windsor Castle undertaken by Oharlos Kean, whom he regaided with but little favour. Kean wan rewarded for his services by the prosont of the diamond ring, which he lost; wheroupon a wit gave out the report that it "had been found sticking in Macroady's g'zzard" 1 Macready has painted his own portrait for us, warts andal), in the fascinating volumes from which I havo made these brief quota tions-his 41 Reminiscences, Diaries, and Letters." edited by ihu late Sir Frederick Pollock, ouo of hiB most intimate friends. It is a striking, i and on tho whole a pleasing portrait; and the warts aro 41 painted in" so con>cientiousIy and uncompromisingly that one dors not hesitate to accept it as a faithful likeness. In tho company of hia favourite nsaociatps, Dickens. Forater, Tal. fourd, Bulwnr Lytton, Lalor Shell, as well as in his family circle, Macready was kindly, affectionate, a delightful companion. In his dealings with his fellow-actors,unfortunately, ho was less admirable; with them he was unsympathetic, irritable, churlish. As appreciative as another of the delights of his profession, ho could nob ondure its dis comforts and drawbacks. He had taken to it unwillingly, and he cliatcd throughout his career ab the social disabilities whioh it involved. 44 Whenever his foot touched the boards," as Mr Archer puts it, in his admirable biography of the actor, "his self respoct, like Bob Acres' courige, began to ooze out at his finger-tips, and the great chock upon his lower nature was removed." Needless to say, ho was not popular in his profession. Once, when ho was absent from rehearual on account of illness, the explana tion was given that he had heart d^msci. 44 What I" cried an actress (Rtill living) who was standing by, 44 Macready suffering from heart disease! You might as well try to make me bolievo that Walter Lacy could Buffer from brain fever." Macready, like many another actor manager, was given to taking the centre of the stage. 14 When ho playod Othillo," a*ys George Yandenhoff wittily, "Ligo was co be nowhere. . . Iago was a mere Htoker, whose business ifc wan to supply Othello's passion with fuel and keep up his high pressure* Tho next night perhaps he took Iago; and lo ! presto ! everything was, change^. Othello was to hoconie a mere puppet for Iago to play with." Iam afraid: that, carriod away by my own interest in his: character, Thavo allowed him here to indulge this propensity onco more, to tho undue exclusion of those other ' notable figures of his time whose names I have mentioned. 