Turf Gossip. The conditions for the principal handicaps included in the programme for the Autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, to be held at Randwick on 17th, 19th, 23nd, and 24th April, are set forth in our business sheets, and owners and trainers of race horses should not forget that nominations must be lodged with the secretary, Mr. T. S. Clibborn, before 4 p.m. on Monday, the 22nd instant. The itemn are the Doncaster Handicap, a sweepstakes of 20 sovs. eaoh, half forfeit, or 1 sov. only if declared before Monday, 29th Maroh, with 1000 sovs. added, second horse to receive 200 and the third 100 sovb. from the prize, for all horses, 1 mile ; and Sydney Cup, a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, half forfeit, or 5 sovs. only if deolared by Monday, 29tn March, with 2000 sovs. added, second horse to receive 300 sovs. and the third 150 sovs. from the prize, 2 miles. Such valuable prizes should attract large entries. The West Wyalong Racing Club are in the field with a liberal and well -arranged programme for the annual race meeting, fixed for April 7 ani 8. The prize money totals £185, and a cup value £15, the gift of Mr. ^Thos. B. Tucker, and the items on the card are as under : — First day : Trial Stakes of 10 sovs., 6 furlongs, a handicap for all horses that have not won a prize advertised at or over £15 at the time of starting ; Publicans' Purse of £15 sovs., once round the course ; West Wyalong Goldfields Handicap of 35 sovs., 1 mile and a furlong ; Selling Race of 10 sovs.., w.f.a., 6 furlongs ; and Welter Handicap of 10 sovs., 1 mile, amateur riders, members of the olub. Second day : Flying Handicap of 15 sovs., 6 furlongs ; Auction Stakes oft. 16 sovb., w.fa., 1 mile ; West Wyalong Cup of 50 sovs., and a Cup value 15 sovs., the gift of Mr. Thos, Tucker, 1$ mile ; WeBt Wyalong Titles Handicap of £5, for bona-fide hacks, 6 furlongs ; Miners' Handicap of 10 sovs., 6 furlongs ; and Farewell Handicap of 10 sovs., once round the course. Nominations for the West Wyalong Goldfields Handicap and West Wya long Cup must be lodged with the secretary, Mr. J. S. Maitland, Wyalong, before 9 p.m. on Wednes day, Maroh 24. The weights are promised on March 29, and acceptances fall due on the night of general entry, Tuesday, April 6. The full con ditions are set forth in our advertising sheets. We are in receipt of a brochure containing parti culars of the meritorious performances of Mr. G. G. Stead's brilliant colt, Gold Medallist, during the late summer campaign at Auckland. Gold Medallist, who was bred by his owner, is by Medallion (son of Norddenfeldt and Locket) from Cordelia, by St. Albans from Waterlily, by Rapid Bay from White and Blue (imp.). During the campaign referred to Gold Medallist won the Great Northern Foal Stakes, 3 furlongs, beating his stable-companion (Multi form), Coronet, Defiant, and Picklock in 1 minute 181 seconds. With the highly complimentary im post of 9st 101b in the saddle, he won the Mid summer Handicap, for two-year-olds, 5 furlongs, from St. Evelyn, 7st 71b, Canopus, 6s 1 91b, andadozen others, in 1 minute 3£ seconds. Inthe Royal Stakes, for two and three year olds, 6 furlongs, Gold Medal list carried 7st 31b, and defeated the well-performed St. Leger colts, St. Paul and Sir Lancelot, who finished as named in the other places, while Nestor, Armilla, Woodstock, Coronet, and St. Crispin fol lowed, the journey occupying 1 minute 16 1-5 seconds. Medallion, the sire of Gold Medallist, is now located at Mr. Frank Reynolds's Tocal stud, near Paterson. Advices from Grafton Btate that the imported horse, Gridiron, by Xenophon from Dutch Oven, has arrived safely at us destination, Yugilbar station. A three-year-old filly by Canzoni from Stewardess (dam of Steward), has been taken in hand by Mark Thompson at Randwick. Lovers of raoing had a most enjoyable outing at the RoBehill January meeting on Saturday last. The weather was delightful, the track in good order, and the sport of a highly interesting and exciting character. Linnet, a speedy daughter of imported Beauchamps and Goldfinoh, ruled for a time as favourite for the Granville Stakes, but the support accorded to Sailor Boy, a full brother to the well performed Pilot Boy, gave Mr. Oxenham's horse a slight call in the market at the close of operations. The result proved that baokers had accurately, judged the strength of the field, for Sailor Boy finishea in front of Linnet ; but the mare had all tne worst of a bad start, while Sailor Boy got well away. Norman was most fancied for Ihe Hurdle Race, with All Bight next in demand, and Yelverton also met with some support. Yelverton declined the hurdle near the river, and after making all running to the distance Chang blundered over the last obstacle, and parted with his rider Phillips, while All Right got home in safety. Backers were not so fortunate in the Shorts Handicap, for Aurea, who was voted the pick of the dozen starters, Gozo czar, and Jack Horner, who also carried a deal of money, were beaten by Blue Vest, a Kirkham-br& filly, by Martini-Henry from Blue and White, and the finish between the winner and Jack Horner was worth going a long way to witness. Ettebab was made a pronounced favourite for the Nursery Han dicap, and the son of Invader and Babette justified his selection by winning all the way. Metford also had a strong following, and the son of Carbine, who is rather green, ran a .great colt under the heavy « burden of 9st 51b, finishing third to Toxteth, who was the only one of the others that was backed for money. The Queensland crack Battalion was a strong order for the January Handicap, for which 14 started, and he upheld his repu tation by winning rather easily at the end from The Trier and The Meddler. Despite the penalty earned by his victory in the Granville Stakes, Sailor Boy was so stanchily backed for the Welter Mile that he started favourite in a field of a dozen. - Bethel led all the way, with the favourite at the head of the others, and, though he was fast overhauling her in the run home, the daughter of Metal passed the post a short head in front of Mr. Oxenham's horse. The Queensland gelding Battalion earned his first winning bracket in New South Wales at Bosehill on Saturday, when he annexed the January Handi cap, one mile and three furlongs, with 8et 121b in the saddle. The son of Battailous and Nancy 131 has had a most successful racing career in tha ! Northern colony. i The two-year-old colt Metford, by Carbine from / Marchesa, who carried 9st 51b in the Rursery Handi- jj cap at Rosehill on Saturday, gave a good account of / j himself under such a heavy impost, and finished U third to Ettebab, 7st 131b, and Toxteth, 7st 71b. The youngster is not yet thoroughly wound up, but with the real Payten polish on he should be able to earn distinction during the autumn campaign. He is engaged in the V.A.T.C. Oakleigh i'late, 5J fur longs, with 7st 31b, aud his classic engagements in clude the A. J.C. Champagne Stakes and the Y.R.C. . Ascot Vale Stakes. Blue Vest, a three-year-old filly, by Martini - Henry from Blue and White (dam of Solanum), ac counted for the Shorts Handicap at Rosehill on Saturday after a brilliant contest with Jack Horner, who was conceding lllb to his opponent. Blue Vest was bred at the Kirkham stud, and was purchased at the yearling sales for 110 guineas. Last year Blue Vest won the Criterion Stakes at the summer .... meeting of the V.B.C. ' ? Two Newmarket Handicap candidates, Sailor Boy and Linnet, took part in the Gran ville Stakes at Bosehill on Saturday, and they were both stanchly supported, Siilor Boy being slightly the better favourite at the finish. Sailor Boy got away in the foremost division, but Linnet was not so fortunate, and con sequently had a lot of ground to make up. Wingen cut out the work at a merry pace to the listance, where Sailor Boy outpaced him, and the latter, coining on, won by a length from Linnet, who beat Wingen by a head for second place. With 8st 71b in the saddle, Sailor Boy suffered a head defeat from Bethel in the Welter Mile. Sailor Boy is by the « imported horse Gozo from Kathleen, and, conse quently, full brother to the well -performed Pilot Boy, while Linnet is a four-years-old mare, by Beiuchamp (imp.) from Goldfinoh, aud was bred by Mr. C. Baldwin at the Durham Court Stud. Sailor Boy's victory does not burden him with a penalty for the Newmarket Handicap or the Australian Cup, in which he has been apportioned 6st 101b and 6st 71b respectively. Linnet has the minimum weight ih the Newmarket Handicap, and she is also engaged in the V.A.T.C. Oakleigh Parse with 8st lib. Mr. J. Mavo seems to have the makings of a race horse in the two-year-old gelding Toxteth, by ' -m. Lochiel from The Oaks. He ran second to Ettebab on Saturday in the Nursery Handicap at Bosehill, and a little later in the season should give a better account of himself. Sea Breeze by Grand Prix, who has sired many ~ sterling horses, from Foam promises to become a hurdle racer of no mean merit. He has only re- . cently been schooled over jumps, and on Saturday . secured second place in the Hurdle Race at Bosehill. - He clears the obstacles in faultless style, and when he becomes accustomed to toeing for a long distance - over hurdles will be a difficult horse to beat. He is an angular but powerfully-built brown gelding. E* Keys, after his nominations for some time not being able to do more than secure innumerable seconds and thirds, on Saturday enjoyed the sweets ofsucoessin two instances. All Right, who it was generally thought would not be able without error to negotiate the stiff jumps at Rosehill, was in his best jumping mood, and won the Hurdle Race com fortably. The Turanville-bred Ettebab, who promises to develop into a good racehorse, confirmed his re cent running at the Sydney Turf Ctub meeting by winning the Nursery Handicap. He seems to in herit the outward characteristics of the Invaders, and as he grows older may be able to finjah better than ' . ho did either at Randwick or Rosehill. AlveBton, by Creswick, stated to be one of the best jumpers in Tasmania, is under sailing orders for Victoria. He is entered in the Onkapa^ga Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. Mr. Harvey, the owner of Bloodshot, is different in one respect to a number of sporting men who have good racehorses, insomuch that he has not abandoned all hope of being able to lower Newhaven's colours. The son of Maxim and Iris came to Australia with a 3 New Zealand reputation as a sprinter. He has, . T- however, showh that he is possessed of excellent Btaying qualities as well as pace, and Mr. Harvey intends reserving him for the Australian Cup, the Champion Race, and the Essendon Stakes at the V. B. C. Autumn Meeting. This decision ao- -r counts for the withdrawal of Bloodshot from the n Newmarket Handicap. ^ The departure of horses and trainers to take part inthe Melbourne Autumn campaign has already f commenced. On Monday night D. O'Brien sent ^ Loyalty, Response, Cartridge, and Patriot by rail, and will follow them himself in a day or two. Last night S. Fielder left for Melbourne by rail with ^ Linnet, Dora, and Danube. The annual race meeting under the management of the Cootamundra Turf Club takes place on Wed nesday and Thursday next, and promises to rank ^ among the most successful reunions held since the formation of the club. The track is reported to be in good -order, and for the leading events excellent entrie@_ have been received, including several good performers from Sydney and Melbourne. Thenon. secretary, Mr. A. G. H. Sandeman, has everything in readiness for the carnival, and the district sports men are sure to be reinforced by a contingent from the metropolis. It must not be forgotten that the general entry closes with the secretary on Tuesday next, the 9th instant. The annual general meeting of the members of the -, Forbes Amateur Race Club was heldvon the 27th ; r January, when a satisfactory report and balance- ~ sheet were submitted for the period under review. The election of officers for the current season re sulted as under : — Patron, Mr. J. B. Reymond, M.L.A. ; president, Mr. J. D. Band ; vicepresi dents, Messrs. A. J. Reymond and O. E. Rowley ; ~ - treasurer, Mr. T. Farnsworth: judge, Mr. R, ?? ? Dawson; handicappera — (racing), Messrs. E. Taylor ' /?'? and J. E. Mullampy ; trotting— Messrs. £. Taylorand ~ ... : C.E.M'Lean; clerk of scales, Mr. Farnflworth; clerkof course, Mr. F. Flint ; starter, Mr. J. E. Mullampy ; /: secretary, Mr. D. j. Moloney. It was decided to hold the annual race meeting on May 24. The Orange Jockey Club have fixed upon March 10 and li as the dates for their annual race meeting, and have provided prize money to the extent of £28Sy ? - ? f of which 50 sovs. goes to the Town Plate, and 60 \ sovs. to the Club Handicap. D. O'Brien on Monday disposed of Wingen to a patron of H. Dargin's stable. The son of Abercorn and Etna cost 230 sovs. at the sale of the Kirkbam yearlings in 1894, but during the last two seasons he has not fulfilled the expectations which were enter tained concerning him. The weights for the handicap events to be decided at /- the Warwick Farm February meeting to -day (Satur day saw the light on Monday, and are set forth else where in thiB issue. Bruce Lowe holds the poBt of honour in the Farm Stakes with the complimentary burden of 9st 51b, and though the work has been started on a hieh scale the sou of Trident has been ?iven his full share. Siquiuius reads better at 8st 01b, and on the same mark Wingen has been left 'with a chance, while Mabel, Havel ock, and Norman have not been harshly treated. Bay Sal heads the list for the Stewards' Mile with 9st 121b, and with that she should have a chance, and Unison, Marchioness, and Annadour have not been overburdened. The Juvenile Handicap has also been framed on a high scale, and tbe consistent Ettebab has been allotted 9st 51b, an impost that , should steady him. With 91b less Valance lias not ' been badly used, while Toxteth meets Ettebab on ; 21b better terms than he did at Rosehill, and Here ; tas and Brayleigh have none the worst of the figures, i Kallatitia has been apportioned top weight, 9st 51b, j in the Warwick Farm Handicap, and with that she should run well. Tom follows with 21b less, a burden that should be well within his knowledge. The Meddler has not been imposed upon when asked to carry 8st 121b, and OH are, Clive, Bliss, Sabre tache, The Scotchmau, Pense-a-moi, and Cradle have not been hastily treated. With lOst 61b Ju venile should have a fair show in the Pace Welter, and at their respective weights Admonition, Tele- j graph, and Warlock have no cause for complaint, ! whue Templestowe, Volney, Linnet, C.B., First Male, Wild Bird, and Ebony have also been left with fair prospects. First acceptances were declared on Monday for the fading handicaps of the V.R.C. Autumn meeting, ' and the horses that remain in are set forth in an other part of this paper. The withdrawals from the Newmarket Handicap were Hopscotch, Hova, 'Vivian, Atlas, Bloodshot, Havoc, Resolute, JSirids forde, Best Bower, Cinder Ellen, Homespun, Vanitas, Aurea, Argent, Babel, Wollomumbi, Man of Honor, Merloolas, Earl Rosebery, Sortie, Milk maid, Bundook, Fitzroy, Blitz, Solicitude, Koran, Ierene, Eureka, Don John, Blue Blood, Sinking Fund, Last Glen, Bayonet, Forester, Terminal, aud Steakesby, leaving 65 still on the list. The local acceptors include True Blue, Loyalty, Response, Coil, Valiant, SurviVor, Huret, Whakawatea, San Marco, Precaution,? Cartridge, Reka, Dora, Creme d'Or, Woodford, Gozoczar, ! Sailor Boy, Linnet, Danube, and .Lady Margaret Botreauxl The candidates for the Australian Cup have been reduced by 14, the malcontents being Havoc, Vivian, The Merry Boy, ParthenopceuB, Best Bower, Gaulus, Fivot, Dreamland, St. David, Merloolas, Lord Richmond, Don John, Bundook, and Alone, leaving 23 acceptors. The local con tingent include Fadladeen, Coil, Woodford, Gozo czar, and Sailor Boy. For the V.R.C. Sires' Produce 18 remain in, the local acceptors being Mecca, Elected, Sweet Marie, Zitella, Livingstone, Nor wegian, El Norte, and Lochuanita. Satisfactory entries have been received for the February meeting of tbe Moorefield Sating Club, the total number for the half-dozen events being 94. A Latch of yearlings by The „ Admiral will be offered for sale in March next. They are well j spoken of by those who have seen them, and Mr. S. G. Cook predicts that his old favourite will prove a success at the stud. A brown colt from 1- or tune Teller is the biggest of them and very handsome, but I a couple of fillies from The Charmer and Mara are ' set up cn lines which please the eye and indicate racing qualities. Mr. H. C. White has made a present of the race horse Fort to T. Payten, the well- known Randwiok trainer, who intends to race the son of Gibraltar and Formosa at the V.A.T.C. and V.R.C. autui meetings. ?k The brown mare Victoria and the skewbald geld ing Curiosity, in the Arucliffe Handicap at Brighton pony and galloway races on Monday, ran a dead teat, and in the run off th# judge was still unable to divide them. In the third contest, however, Cario sity got his head in front passing the winning post. The final effort created considerable excitement. Brisbane Tattereall's Club held its annual meet ing on the 29th ultimo, when it was stated by the treasurer that there was a cash credit balance in band of £320. . During the year the membership roll had increased, and it was considered that the dub was now fairly on its feet again. At a meeting of the members of Murrurundi Race Club ou the 27th ultimo it was decided to hold the annual races on March 3 and 4. Mr. B. Hay don was elected president, Mr. J. W. Brodie as lion, secretary, ana the following committee was appointed : — Mr. W. A. Wilson, Dr. Bell, Messrs. B. Haydon, T. Seidell, M. T. Rooney, T. Meehan, J. T. White, C. Stairs, H. Brook, f\ A. Haydon, C. F. Jueliau, P. A. Kennedy, L. H. Davis, J. ?Broodbank, W. H. Seivl, E. H. Seivl. R. Simson, W. Cooper, H. Hall, A. Diamond, Wi C. Seivl, A. Schuemaker, jun., and G. PrilchetL The Riverina horse Bismarck, ^ while taking part in the High- weight Hurdle Race at Yerong on Anni versary Day, fell over the second hurdle and broke bis neck. Mr. R. Jones, of Maagoplah, who had the mount on Bismarck, escaped with a severe shak ing and some abrasions. A colt by Carlvon from Flanoline, by Grand Flaneur from Athdline, has been purchased by Mr. Mark Foy from Mr. Aldridge, of Richmond Park, S. A. The Britannia Steeplechase and Britannia Hurdle Race, to be run at the Warwick meeting in 1900 are attracting the attention of Australian sportsmen, and already Mr. W. Douglas, of Napier, New Zea land, has sent in five nominations. Mr. Douglas has on several occasions successfully invaded Aus tralia with jumping horses, among whom were Waterbury, Mutiny, Tiritea. Donald MacKinnon, and Chris. Mr. Douglas has a large stud farm in the Napier district, where he breeds his own tho xoiighbred stock. The nominations received for the leading handi caps of the Onkapannga (S.A.) Autumn Meeting are published in another part of this issue, and the number and quality of entrants bear testimony to the progressiveness of the olub that provides such induce ments as to attract numbers of horses from the other colonies. .Though New South Wales is not directly re presentee^ several horses that have been bred in the colony, andsuccessfullycarriedsilk,both inthe landof their birth and in Victoria, appear among the nomina tions, notably the jumpers, Havannaand Bemal, while among the entrants for the flat races are such well knjwn performers as Le Var and Paul Pry. Vic toriais strongly represented in the flat races* as well as in the jumping events, and West Australia also contributes her quota to the total. Mr. W. Douglas, of Napier (N.Z.), has purchased a yearling filly by Carbine from Moocga for 200 guineas. The filly was passed in at the recent sale of Wapiti yearlings. The aged gelding Carrington, by Gang Forward from Josephine, terminated his long and chequered career recently by falling down a well in Western Australia. He ran second in the V.R.C. Maribyr nong jPJate won by Necklet, » and third to Carbine in the Flying Stakes' in 1888. As a three-year-old be gained third place in the Caulfleld Guineas and second in the Standish Handicap to Fishwife. Mr. M'Sweeney's colt Aroha, by Malua from Mara, has been added to the list. He was taken to Melbourne by S. G. Cook, and will be given a spell at Sandnngham for six months. Launceston arrived recently from Grafton, where he has been doing stud duty. D. O'Brien does not propose to race him again. Prime Minister, by Westminster from Stockdove, who was the medium of considerable speculation for the Newmarket Handicap four years ago, when he broke down, is now being trained by J. Dono hue, at Kensington. Tullamore, by Robinson Crusoe from Kathleen, after a spell of 12 months has been taken in hand again by J. Foul sham, Caulfield. At the close of the flat- racing season in England lit. Simon had a long lead on the list of winning stallions, his progeny during tile reason 1896 earning j £59,728. The Serf, by St. Simon, follows with £15,027 ; Gaiopin, by Vedatte, comes nc-zt with £13,710; tlien Sheen,' by Hampton, £13,431: and the only other lo run into five figures was Gold finch, by Ormonde, £10,078. Bobadah race meeting, to be run at Nymagee, has been granted registration by the A.J.C. Wingello has been with Ira wn from the Warwick Farm Handicap in connection with the February meeting of the Warwick Farm Racing Club. Mr. G. G. Stead is remarkably fortunate this year with his two-year-olds. In addition to Gold Medal list aud Multiform, the two best colts in New Zea land at their age, he has another colt named St. Cyr, by St. Leger from Hazel, who has not yet been tried in public, but is reported to be very fast. With so strong a hand it would 6eem only reasonable for Mr. Stead to seek new fields for further conquests, and the rumour that Gold Medallist and perhaps Multiform are to visit Australia before long, will probably have some foundation. The Queensland racing mare Sybil, by Archie from Laurel, has been purchased by Mr. J. Don neilan, of Rockhampton, for 80 guineas. The Italian sporting papers announce the price paid by the Government for the sire Melanion, half brother to Ayrshire and sire of Reminder, the winner of the Epsom Grand Prize in 1894, as £7350. The Sportsman (Eng.) is responsible for the state ment that the Australian . horses Newhaven and Quiver have been nominated for the Grand Prix de Badeu Baden. A bay gelding by Cranbrook from Encde has been named Pirns, and a bay gelding by Lochiel from Tbe Oaks will in future be known as Toxteth. The Australian ctobs* country horse, Ebor, by Robert the Devil, carried 12et in the Great Midland Handicap' Steeplechase, 2 miles, won by him at the Nottingham December Meeting. Commenting on the race, the Sportsman (Eng.) savs : — ' Now fol lowed the chief event, the Great Midland Handicap Steeplechase, which brought out an excellent field, no fewer than 14 runners taking part. The race consequently had a very open appearance, and as soon as the betting had settled down Ebor was a decided favourite, the chief danger being feared from another Sussexvtrained one, Greenhill, who was a very strong paddock tip. Bevil, Rune, and Cestus were all well backed, and pood money could be traced to Idalus and Flying Jib, whilst 10 to 1 was accepted about Comic Opera, although he had been coughing after his arrival here, whatever chance Greenhill had was early extinguished, as he whipped round as Eoonasthe flag fell and lost so much ground that although sent on again it was impossible for him to make it up. Ebor soon proved that he is as much at home over fences as hurdles, and in the first half-mile he made the pace so hot that he had the buik of the field settled before half the journey had been completed ; in fact, as they enteied the straight the only one with a ghost of a chance against the New Zealander was Idalus. The latter was going exceedingly well, but after jumping the last fence he fell in the next two strides, and Ebor was then left to canter home at h:s leisure.' Among the mares that tuissed at the Hobartville stud this last season are La Belle, the dam of Marvel, and Bengal Light, the dam of Light Artillery. A foal by either of these mares would, it is needless to say, have brought a high price. R. Hoysted, the Wagga trainer, has a well-bred thre e - vear s ' - old mare named Trental, by Trenton from Pilgrimage. She won the Trial Stakes for him at the recent meeting of the Yerong Race Club. Trental, like most of her sire's stock, is a handsome animal; but, from the way she was subsequently beaten by Akrm-me at the same meeting, would appear not to be so good as her breeding and ap pearance indicate. Alarm-me, a chestnut gelding, aged, by Oudeis from L'Ami, the dam of the Sunrise gelding Orient, won a double at the Anniversary meeting of the Yerong Race Club. Inthe Yerong Handi cap Alarm-me carried 8st 5lb to Victory, and then in the Ladies' Purse with list up was able to catch the judge's eye first. Tne South Australian bred mare Scarpia, who won the Anniversary Handicap at the Western Australian Turf Club's meeting, has added another win to the long * list of victories in the name of Mr. Towton in the far west. She beat the Turanville bred Stiletto (by Invader from Stella), and the W.A. Derby winner Paul Pry, who had the services of C. Moore in the saddle. The daughter of Neckersgat, from Tavpeia, does not appear to be able to carry weight, for in the last race of the day, with 81b more up she could only get third place. Her two-year-old brother, Tarqtun, whom it was proposed to take to Victoria to measure . strides with Patriot, Fleet Admiral, and others, was beaten by Stiletto and Laura, who conceded him a big lump of weight in the Summer Handicap. This should go to prove that even in his own colony Tarquin is not the wonder he was thought to be a few weeks ago. The Riverina mare Lottie, with a good weight in the saddle, beat a respectable field in the Temora Cup on the 27th ult. ; and on the 29th ult. with 9st 21b up, won the Town Plate at the same meeting. Neither the Melbourne horse Gal ant, who was favourite, the Sydney representative Candour, who was next in the betting, nor the Wagga Wagga cup winner lnverday, got a place in the Cup. The double performance stamps the mare as one of the best facers now iu the Itiverina. The Charters Towers Raee Club has a credit balance of £1200 in hand, and it is proposed to give £2500 in prize money for two days' races at the annual meeting. The scratching of Hopscotch removes from the Newmarket Handicap a good deal of speculative in terest as to whether the New South WaleB sprinter or Hova would prove the better fierce at the heavy imposts given them by the haudicapper. A meeting of the committee of the Northern Jockey Club was held on the 28th ultimo, when letters were received from five prominent horse breeders in the northern district, each promiEiug to subscribe £10 towards a race styled the Breeders' Plate, to be run at tho club's next meeting at Rutherford. It was stated that several other breeders had been communicated with on the sub ject, but that their answers had not yet been re ceived. It was decided to alter the dates for the coming reunion to the 25th and 26 th lebrusiy. It was decided that the prize money be limited to £280 extfusive of donations towards the Breeders' Plate. Messrs. J. Gillies, M.L.A., and H. Crothers (Mayor of West Maitland) are to be asked to endeavour to get railway fare concessions from Newcastle and the south for future race meetings at Rutherford. Having complied with the quarantine regulations, the imported horse Fositano, by St. Simon from Ponza, has been removed to J. Allsop's stables, Lower Randwick, where he will be treated to a few weeks' spell prior to his removal to Neotsfield. The Warwick Farm-bred yearling colt by Carbine from Rosary has been purchased by a patron of the Newmarket stables, and the handsome and well frown youngster will shortly be taken in hand by Payten. The Temora Jockey Club has, after further con sideration, removed tbe disqualification imposed on the mare Forget-me-not in connection with the Hurdle Race. At the Summer reunion of the Wellington (N.Z.) Racing Club, Daredevil, by the Chester horse Dreadnought, won the Anniversary Handicap, I mile, from eight others. The bay filly Maybud scored a win for the Tocal sire, Medallion, in the Nursery Handicap. Strathbraau, by Apremont from Engagement, by Musket, appropriated the Wellington Cap, 1| mile, from seven others, and the Hurdle Race, 2 miles, fell to Bushgirl, by Gipsy Tfing from Barbarlna. King's Bowman, by Forester from Princess Royal, 7st 111b, and Trentalto, by Trenton from Montalto, 7st 101b, ran a dead heat for the President's Handicap, 1 mile, and the owners divided. The Wellington Stakes fell to Goldleaf, by Stonyhurst from Golden Crest, Gst 71b ; and Torpina, by Torpedo from Christina, 8st 131b, an nexed the Telegraph Handicap, 6 furlongs. On the second day, Sea Serpent, by Piscatorius from Rumour, 6st 91b, was victorious in the January Han dicap ; the Hurdle Race, 11 mile, went to Tangaroa, lOst ; the R. C. Handicap, 1 J mile, was secured by Rangipuhi, a son of Five and Mystery Girl, who carried Sst, and covered the distance in 2 minutes 11 seconds. Defiant, by Dreadnought from Legacy, 8st 111b, captured the Juvenile Handicap ; Belligerent, by Artillery from Luna, 7et 21b, got home in front of Daredevil, Sst 61b, and five others, in the Metro politan Handicap, 6 furlongs ; the Welter Handicap, 7 furlongs, went to The Miser, by Puriri from Ger maine, lOst 31b ;',and King'6 Bowman wound up the meeting by securing the Electric Handicap, 5 fur longs, carrying 8st 121b. Late advices from New Zealand state that the Christchurch Racing Club sued a number of book makers for trespassing on and refusing to leave the New Brighton racecourse when warned bv the offi cials. All the cases heard were dismissed, and one was adjourned. The costs against the club amounted to 13 guineas. At the annual meeting of the Calcutta Turf Club j Australian horses were greatly iu evidence. The Hastings Plate (hurdle race) fell to Nevermore, who was followed home by Muscovite and Orlando ; the Paddock Stakes went to Lead On, a son of Dun- 1 lop and Progressive; Wilton, by Lord Wilton from Brown Gipsy, won the Selling Race ; Courallie se cured the Trial Stakes, beating Jack o'Lantern. Idolater, and four others ; Woorayl was successful in the Scoramanga Cup ; Eildon annexed the Cal cutta Stake?, in which Highborn took part ; and Loch Ena appropriated the Dealera' Plate. Mirridong, who has been a most disappointing horse to James Monaghau, has been sold by him to go to Western Australia, where he will be U6ed for stud and racing purposes. Quondong, a stable com panion, is to be returned to his owner in Queens land. The trophy which sapplements the monetary prize for the principal event on the programme for the annual meeting of the Wyalong Jockey Club has been selected from the stock of Messrs. William Farmer and Co., Hunter-street, and has been for warded to its destination. It is a cup of elegant de sign, with beautifully- chased handles, and appro priate embellishments, and is the giit of Mr. J'. Tucker, of Temora. Four racehorses whose past performances entitle them to be remembered by the public are now to be seen in work of a morning at Randwick. Crcmorne, who is looking remarkably well, has filled cut con siderably during his well-merited spell, and in spite of his age promises to train into his best form. Loyalty, who is being pat through severer work than the Glorious gelding, carries a large amount of flesh, and has a thick neck and the conformation of a stud horse, D. O'Brien will have a little diffi culty in reducing him to proper racing condition. The son of St. George is quite sound, and apparently capable of standing a considerable amount of wr rk. Vanitas, whose coat still reminds one of the fact that he has not long been in from the paddock, is making rapid progress in his preparation, and his trainer lias well-founded hopes of being able to send him to the post again in something like his old form. Dela ware, looking as big as a draught horse, gets through the long slow work allotted him in a satisfactory manner, which causes one to expect him to train on successfully. Damien, the Summer Cup winner, returned to Melbourne last week by rail. J. Roartv, by the same train, took San Marco and the galloway Dot, and W. Frost, Lady Loch and Eva, both galloways, ? across to Victoria. San Marco is engaged in tho Newmarket Handicap. The ' small horses ' will be run at the suburban races, and after the autumn meetings of the V.R.C. and V.A.T.C. will probably return to Sydney. At Hobartville this season there are 32 foals, of which number half are colts. Grand Flaneur has sired five colts and two fillies, among the former being a colt from Olga, the dam of Patron, Ruenalf, and others, and a colt from Terrara, the dam of Hopscotch. 'Both foals are growing up in a manner which gives great satisfaction to Mr. Benson, and so far the Olga foal promises to he the best of the season. Far Niente is responsible for seven colts and seven fillies, a remarkably fine-looking foal bein^ from the Oaks winner Consequence. Patrol, Autonomy, and Marvel nre responsible for the re maining portion of the batch. A foal by Maivel from Welcome stands out as one above tbe average, and the same can be said of another fcal by Grand Flaneur from Lady Edda. A New Zealand Exchange says : — Mr. Fred. Pearce, who was acting as starter at the Martin borough races, received a very nasty kick from a horse, the hoof striking him right between the eyes. Drs. Martin and Ewart, who were upon the course, put three stitches into the cut. The peculiar part is that Mr. F. Pearce was at the time of the accident mounted upon his horse. It is understood that the owner of the thorough bred sire Melton, by Master Kildare from Violet Melrose, who won the English Derby 1885, has re fused 30,000 guineas for the horse. At the Newmarket (Eng.) December eales of tho roughbred stock Mr. Wolf Joel gave 1700 gnineas for the three-year-old colt Devoe, by Sheen from Devo tion, by Stoekwell ; Gazetteer, a five-year-old son of Gallinule and Award, brought 1450 guineas, the bid of Mr. F. Webb ; and Roughside, a threeyear old colt, by Hagioscops from Disruption, was knocked down to Mr. Robson for 1150 guineas : Sir J. Blundell Maple Eecured the brood mare by Her mit from Nydia, for 1500 guineas ; and 1000 guineas was the price paid by Herr V. .Weiner Wetten for the mare Twysel, by Isonomy from Baroness, bv Young Melbourne, and stinted to Sir Hugo. The jockey R. Trewartha, who was injured when Inverary came into collision with a trooper's horse j while doing his preliminary gallop for the Perth Cup, has been presented with a purse of 70 sovs. j The Johannesburg Summer Handicap of 50 sov«. each, with 2000 sovs. added, was run on 23rd De cember, when it was won by Lowland Chief, an English-bred horse. Buccaneer, who used to race in Victoria, ran sixth in a field of 12. 