THE BULLET HOLE. At the time when I was emnployed in the War Office. I, had a companlon who .worked in .the same rooni with me.. called Teani Vidal. an old non-commis- sioiled officer. who had lost his left arm iii the Italian campaign, but who had still his right hand-the "cunning hand" of a quartermaster-lwith which he exe cuted :all sorts of wonders in the call ,graphic. line-round lhand. flourishes. Gothic. letters; and lihe could draw' a little bird in the final flourish of the sig natuire with a single stroke of his pen. 'As I lived in the suburbs-towards the south of Paris at that time. I. often :walked home with Pere Vidal. and r used to take pleasure in getting him to give me an account of his canpaigins, as we walked past the Military -School. meeting at every step-it was in the. latter years of the Empire-the landd some-unuiforms -of the :Imliirial .Guards, .thLcpioioer.u . in "reeiin .the lancers -tn 'ikli it thelnrtl tller officeis .iiithidirmao:a "nificent dhoilbre uniforms. black and gold. .It Was worth while to get killed in such a costume as that! : One evening, as we went along that horrid Boulevard de.: Grenelle. he stopped suddenly before the-.window.of a second-hand clothes shop --there.re art good many in that 'quarter.: It was. a dirty. sordid shop, with rusty pistols. 'bowls full of buttons; and tarnished epaulettes, in 'the window: and hanging .before'the door', among dirty rags, there was:.here and there some old.. officer s coat, rotted lby the rain and fretted by :the sun. with't sort of vague hulman re semblance in its tight waaist and broid shoulders.. Vidal'seized my arm with. his one hand, and pointed it ith .hi' stump to one of these cast-off garments -it was the tunic of an African- officer, :with its many-plaited skirt.'and its triple gold lind twist'd into a figure of eight oni the slecve, is the hussars wear it. "Look here." said he; "this is the itni form of my old corps--a captain's tunic " 'As he went nearer to examine it more closely, and read the number en graved on the buttons, lie added, en thusiastically: "Iy own reginent! The. first Zonves!.. .. How could it have come there? It is a long way from thile: battlefield of MIelegnino to the Boule vard de Grenelle.? es, I know there are .telicviitures who follow the ainmy and, phlindeti the corlises." -But why ' jstf theree, not two steps from 'the Military 'Shool, where the other's regiment - is, quai'tered? And lie must haive passed here :'he must lhive recognised it. Oh, it is like seeing a ghost" . -. "Coime.'now. Pere Vidal.' sacid I, tak In g.him b" the'arm, intensely- interest ed; "you ae'o ot going on: thlking :rid dlesy?ou mn?iv just as well tell'me what that old torni tunic has reminded' youi:' of." But I verily believe tilit if lie had not. drunk those twdo 'absinthes.,.I should never hh'i'e hetrd the. story: for wheni I asked him to tell ine, Pere Vidal shot a suspicious andh almost frightened glance at me. Then, suddenly, as if lie had imade up his mind to speak, lie be gant. in a dry, hard voice: "'Well. then. yes, I will tell you aill iabout it: for you are l clever young man, and honorable antd I c:in trunst you. You wiill tell ne-honestily. on your conscience--whetther you thinlk I wa:ls !ight to nct as I did. I'Lt ne see. where shall I lbegin? Alh. in tilhe ftirsti phcir i cannot tell you his nalme-nhth other's..1 mean-beeause lie is still alive,. I shall have t)o call him iy thle nilckname woe ,ave hiln in i tIhel'eginlt. Thirsty wIe a'tilled hilnt aind lie d'sered il' th til, li. tefor the' wls one of ihose fellows who are never out of the t-tl - toe. and would toss t1i his litelve hle of i branidy. Ione for each sltroltkel when thl e it lodl struckc li twelve. Wthei I joinelld the regimnit 'Thirstay hlld justl tliished his tinle: ht re- enlisted, roceivedl the bounty, atnd lwent i for a thre dalys' regular ('a-i lrouse in tliie lowest parts of Algieras. With four or five boon companions like Illutself they drove about, all packed in ant opten ctriage.u and flourishling a iri colored hlig with the tiotto. 'This eanl't lstl for ever!' on it. He was brought baek to the lirrack with his head ilut tllopen by swtord wountld that liohtd in t Moorish de. whtier le lit, had t ight with tlhe Arths. Thirsty got well: Lc was sent to prison for a flortnight, and lhai his stripes talke fromt himt. "Well. he lost his strlipes after that affair with the Arabs. but lie got them baock atgaini eighteen months alfter-at: th sote i time that I myself rose tO lie sergent-qullarteraster--thanks to the kindtnes. of the captain, who had aliways greatl patience with Thirsty. Ie waV:s lian old African soldier himself, and had seen hinm under fire at Kabylie. But just at that time out' old captain was promoted, and left the regiment, and they sent us out a young fellow, only twenty-eight. to take his place. lie was a Corsican. named Gentile: a cold. ambi tious man. just out of the school-a vexly good officer, they said. lbunt fearfully hard eon the itien. He would give you eight days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button missing off your galters. He had never served in Al geria, and hatd no notion of any insubor dination or disorder. From the first moment lie and Thirsty were at daggers dratwn. That they were sure to be. T'he fithat time the sergeant was absent from' roi-call he put hint under arrest for a week: the first time he got drunk. for fortnighllt. When the captain-a little. dark lean. as stiff a ? a poker. with bristling m.itustta'hi-e-ordered him under arrest. adding, in a stern tone. 'I know you. my friend. and I mean to Inaster you:' Thirsty never answered :t word. but walked quietly away toward the guard-roonl. Still. I fancy the cap tain would ha-e lowered his tone a bit. all the same, if he had seen how the sergeant's face reddened with anger, and how his terrible blue eyes lasllttle as he turned away. "Meaotnwhlile. the Emperor declared war ont Austria. and we were all shipped off to Italy. I pass over thei iniidedtts of tlh campa-ign. and come n, t the roint at once. Thll evenitng before tlh battle of ifelegnano--where I lost mty armi. you know---our battalion was encamped? in a small village. anld beforie we broke ranks our calptain tmade tus a little speech-hle was iluite right. was thr capta)in-reminding us tha:lt we were il :t friendly coutntry. :Iln that for the lonor of thle atirly we' shollld he onu' our good behavior: :anld l :ldtll Ilthat any one who causied the slightest alOnyiwnce to a:ly of tlhe inhabitalnts would: be punished most severely. Whiile he" was making this spem'hi. 'hirsty. who was standing nea:r nie. leaning unsteadily on his i:bayonet-lhe hadl emptied a good manty glasses since lithe morninig shlrgged his.sthouldlers. butl fortunately the captain did not notice hinm. " In the middle of the nitght I wan wakened up suddenly.- - sprang fron the heiap of straw I halid Ieen sleeping on in a corner of a frI:nyard .a: d by the light of the mooni I saw Thlirsty with a young girl in hIis m-tis. 11l torn. and dishevelled, and cailing ion the 31Ma donna lnd ill the saints in tl'eav'en to siae lier. He was struggling furiously. like a lion. wiith a lot of peaicnts anil soldiers. who were trying to res('cue her from himn. I rant up to help. but Chptait G(entile got there before mec. With otne glance-he hadl a very cotiiniiiniling glance.had the little Corsican--he drov,' back the sergeant. cowed. ThIen. when he had spoken a few reassurinlg words to the girl in Italian. lie came back andl stood before the culprit. :Ind shaiking his finger before the other's fice: 'Theye ought to blow out the brains of Wretches like you.' said he.. 's sootn as I cnn see the colonel yoi shall lihave your stripes taken from youn: and it will lbe for good this time. 'Tliere- wilt' b'iit battle: tonimorrow. ou had better try and get lilled! "'W.e went backl;to bedn agaln But the Captaini whs right. rand before the l brekr'i of d"l ivrQ iere iwwarened iby . canniinadde. "We fltw'.to arms, muand forited a: column. Thirsty taking .his place next to ine. rthought I lhd:never ' seen his tierce' lue eyes look more ter rible.. iThe bhttalion began .its mairhl,. We were to. dislodge the .white coats. . whol had takenl up their position inuthe ' village of, Melegnano. which .they had;l fortified with canmion. Forward. march! We hlicdn't gone two t?iles. when. bang: the Austrian cinnonu nurst upon us, and knocked down fifteen of our men. After: that, the officers, who hadl been waitiit for the order to char'ge, made us- .iet down in the maize-fields like the sharp shb?ooters. The.- remained standing thenl selves. of course: and I can tell you oor iaDthin :Stood.atlp :as.c ti'aighf't?:itss mif' them. ?To men kn?eelin" 'amon thlt corn-stalks. kept tip an ineessant fire on the ,Austrian battery. whici was within . range. Suddenly" I felt sotleone nudge . my elbdow. .I turned round. and sarwi Thirsty loading his rifle. and looking at mme- witll a Sort of dare-devil smile lurk ing. in the corners of his mounth.t - "'You see the captain ?' said he. jerk ing h..lis.head towairds that officer, whoi was standing ata distance of about twenty.feet- from-us. "'Yes: what of it ?' I answered. look ing in the same direction. ",'What of it ? He ought not to hare spoken to:me as tie did last night.' "Then. with i . iapDid, w'vell-calculated :movement,: he. levelled his piece, and fired. I. saw. the caIptain, with ' sudden.: convulsive spasm. tlrow hack his head 'nd beat the air with his' hands, tlient drop his sword and fall heavily lack wardl to to the ground." 