[?] The Christian." BY HALL CAINE, Author of "The Manxman." THIRD BOOK.— THE DEVIL'S ACRE. I. Behind Buckingham Palace there is a little square of modest houses standing back from the tide of traffic and nearly always as quiet as a cloister. At one angle of the square there is .a house somewhat larger than the rese, but just as simple and un assuming. In the diningroom of this house an elderly lady was sitting down to lunch alone, with the covers laid for another at the opposite side of the table. "Hae ye the spare room ready, Emma?" "Yes, ma'am," said the maid. "And the sheets done airing? And baith the pillows? And the pillowslips— and everything finished?" The maid was answering "yes" to each of these questions when a hansom cab caine rattling up to the front of the house, and the old lady leapt out of her scat. ,'Tt's. himself," she cried, and ran like a girl to the hall. The door had been opened before slie got there, and a deep voice was saying, "Is Mrs. Callender " "It's John! My gracious! It's John Storm!" the old woman cried, and she lifted both bands as if to fling herself into his arms. "My goodness, laddie, but you gave poor auld Jane sic a start. Expected ye? To be sure we expected you, and terribly tbrang we've been all morning making ready. Only .... my daft auld brain must have been a wee ajee. But," smiling through her tears, "has a body never a cheek that you must be kiss ing at her hand? And is this your dog?" looking down at the bloodhound, "Wel come? Why of course it's welcome. What was I saying the day, Emma? 'I'd like fine to have a dog,' didn't I, and here it is to our hand. Away with ye, James, man, and shew Mr. Storm to his room, and then find a bed for the creature somewhere. Letters for ye, laddie? Letters enough, and you'll find them on the table upstairs. Only mind ye, the lunch is ready and your fish is getting cold." John Storm opened his letters in his room. One.of them was from his uncle, the Prime Minister: "I rejoice to hear of your most sensible resolution. Come and dine with me at Downing-street this day week at 7 o'clock. I have much to say and mueh to ask, and I expect to be quite alone." -Another of his letters was from his father: "I am not surprised at your intel ligence, but if anything could exceed the folly of going into a monastery it is the im becility of coming out of it. The former ap pears to be a subject of common talk in this island, and no doubt the latter will soon be so. John flinched as at a cut across the face, and then smiled a smile of relief. Appar ently Glory was writing home, wherever she was, and there was good news in that at all events. "Come your ways in, laddie, and let me look nt ye again. Man, but your face is pale, and your bonnie eyes are that sunken. But sit ye down and . cat. They've been starving ye I'm thinking, and miscalling it religion: It's enough to drive a reasonable body to drink. Carnal I am, laddie, but I just want to put some flesh on your bones. Monks indeed! And in this age of the world too! Little Jack Homers sitting in comers, saying, 'Oh what a good boy am I.'" . John defended his late brethren. They -were holy men; they lived a holy life; he had not been good enough for their cdin- , pany. "But I feel like a sailor home from sea," he said; "tell me what has hap pened." "Births, marriages and deaths? I suppose you're like the lave of the men, and think nothing else matters to a woman. But come now, more chicken? No? A wee bitee? Aye, hut ye're sair altered, laddie. '.Weel, where can a body begin?" "The Canon — how is he?" "Fine as fivopence! Good as over in the pulpit? Yes; but it's a pity he doesn't bide there, for he's nothing to be windy of when he comes out of it. Deacon now, bless ye, or archdeacon, and some sic botlier- ment, and his daughter is to be married to yon slip of a curate with the rabbit mouth and the heather legs. Weel, she wasna for all markets, you ken." "And Mrs. Mackray?" "Gone over to the angels. Dead? Nae, ye're too expecting altogether. She's got religion though, and holds missionary meet ings in her drawingroom of a Monday, and gives lunches to actor folks of a Sunday, and now a poor woman that's been work ing for charity and Christianity all her days Has no chance with her anyway." "And Miss Mackray?" . "Poor young leddy, they're for marrying her at lost! Yes, to that Ure man — that lord tiling with the eyeglasses. T much misdoubt but her heart's somewhere else, and there's one auld woman would a hantle rather have heard tell, of her getting the right man than seeing the laddie bury him self in a monastery. She's given in at last, though, and it's to be a grand wedding, they're telling . me. Your Americans are The sole right of .-publication in Victoria has boon purchased bj The Leader, ' kittle cattle. Just as the Jews of the west seemingly, and they must do everything splendiferously. There are to be jewels as big as walnuts, and bouquets 5 feet in dia meter, and a rope of pearls for a necklace, and a rehearsal of the hale thing in the church. Yes, indeed, a rehearsal, and the deacon, honest man, in the middle of the magnificence." John Storm's pale face was twitching. "And the hospital," he said, "has anything happened there? ..." "Nothing." . "No other case such as the one . . ." he faltered. ."Not since yon poor bit lassie." "Thank God!" "It was the first ill thing I had heard tell of for years, and the nurses. are good women for all that. High spirited, yes, but dear bright happy things, to think what they have to know and to ho present at! Law yers, doctors and nurses see the worst of human nature, and she'd be a heartless woman, who'd no make allowances for them, poor creatures." : John Storm had risen from the table -with a flushed face; making many excuses. He would step round to the hospital; . he had questions to ask there, and it would be a walk after luncheon. "Do," said Mrs. Callender, "but remem ber,, dinner at six. And hark ye, hinny, this house is to bo your liame until you light on a better one, so just sleep saft in it and wake merrily. And Jane Callender is to be your auld auntie until some ither body tak's ye frae her, and then it'll no be her hand ye'll he kissing for fear of her wrinkles, I'm thinking." The day was bright, the sun was shining, and the streets were full of thoroughbred horses in gorgeous carriages, with coachmen in splendid Tiveries going to the drawing- room in honor of the royal birthday. As J olin went by the palace the approaches to it were thronged, the band of the House hold Cavalry was playing within the rails, and officers in full dress uniform, members of the diplomatic service, with swords and cooked hats, ladies in gorgeous brocades carrying bouquets of orchids, and wearing tiaras of diamonds and white plumes were filing through the gates towards the throne room. The hospital looked strangely unfamiliar after so snort an absence, and there were new faces among the nurses who passed to and fro in the corridors. John asked for the matron, and was received with con strained and distant courtesy. Wns he well? Quite well? They had a resident chaplain now, and being in priest's orders he had many advantages where death was so fre quent. Was he sure he had not been ill? John understood. It was almost as if he had come out of some supernatural exis tence. People looked nt him as if they were afraid. "I came to ask if you could tell me any thing of Nurse Quayle?" he said. The matron could tell him nothing. The girl had gone; they had been compelled to part with her. Nothing serious? No, but totally unfit to be a nurse. She had some good qualities certainly, cheerfulness, brightness, tenderness, and for sake of these, and liis own interest in the girl, they had put up with inconceivable rudeness and irregularities. What had become of her? She really could not say. Nurse Allworthy might know, and tho matron took up her pen. John found the ward sister with the house doctor at'tho bed of a patient. She was short and even curt, said over her shoulder she knew nothing about the girl, and then turned hack to her work. As John passed out of the ward the doctor fol lowed him. and said perhaps the porter mif'iit be able to tell him something. '1 lie porter was difficult at first, but seeing his way clearer after a while he admitted to receiving letters for the nurse and delivering them up to her when she called. That was long ago, and she had not been there since New Year's eve. Then she liad given- him a shilling and said she would trouble him no more. John gave him 5s. and asked if anybody ever called for her. Yes, nnee. Who was it? A gentleman. Had he left his name? No, but had said lie would write. When was that? A day or two before she was there the last time. Drake! There could not be a shndow of a doubt of it. John Storm looked at the clock — it was 3.45. Then lie buttoned his coat, and crossed the street to the park, with his face in the direction of St. James's-strcet. Horatio Drake had given a luncheon in his rooms that day in honor of Glory's first public appearance. The performance was to come off at night, but in the course of the morning there liad been a dress rehearsal m the salon of the Corinthian Club. Twenty men and women, chiefly journalists and ar tists, had assembled there to get a first glimpse of the debutante, and cameras had lurked behind portieres and in alcoves to eatcli her poses, her expressions, her fleet ing smiles and humorous grimaces. Then the company liad adjourned to Drake's cham bers. l'he luncheon was now over, the last guest had goneand thc host was in his dining room alone. Drake was standing by the cliimnev piece, holding at arm's length a pencil sketch of a woman's beautiful face and lithe figure Like herself, it's alive to the finger tips," he thought, and then he propped It against the pier glass. There was a sound of the opening and closing of the outc-r door downstairs, and Lord Robert entered the room. He looked heated, harassed and exhausted.- Shaking out his perfumed poekethandkercliief, he mopped his forehead, drew a long bfeath and dropped into a chair. "I've done it." lie said. "It's all over." Folly Love liad lunched with the com pany that day, and Lord Robert .had re turned home with her in order to break the news of his approaching marriage. He gave -hie version, of .what had occurred. While the girl had been removing her hat and jacket lie liad sat at the piano and thumbed it, hardly knowing 'how to begin. All at once he had said, "Do you know, my dear, Im to be married on Saturday?' bhe had sam nothing. at., firsts and he had played the piano furiously. Heavens, what a frame of mind to be in! TVliydidn t the girl speak? At last lie had looked round at her, and there she stood smiling, ning, gasping, and white as a ghost, oua- denly she began to cry. Good God, such crying! Yes, it was all over. Ever) thing ha'd been settled somehow. T "But I'll be in harder condition .before i tackle such a job again, said Lord Robert. , t,„v„ There was silence for a moment. .Drao was leaning on the lnantelpiccs, his im crossed, ana one foot beating on the i hearth rug. The men were ashamed, and they ue- gan to talk of indifferent things. Smoke. Didn't mind. Those Indian cigars were good!. Not bad, certainly! At length Drake said in a different voice, "Cruel, but necessary, Robert— necessary to tlie woman who is going to be your witc, cruel to the poor girl who lias been. Lord Robert tossed his head, and snorted like a colt, rose to his feet impatiently, stretched his arm and shot out his striped cuff and walked to and fro across the room. "Ton my soul, I believe I should have stuck to the little thing but for the old girl, don't you know. She's made such a good social running lately. . . . And then she s started this evangelical craze, too. . . . JSo, Folly wouldn't have suited her book, any how." Silence again, and then further talk on indifferent things. "Wish Benson wouldn t sweep the soda-water off the table. King for it." Then '.'Little thing really cares for me— don't you know. And it isn't my fault, is it? I had .to hedge. Frank, dear boy, you're always taunting me with the tread mill we have to turn for the sake of society, and so forth; hut with debts about a man s neck like a millstone, what could a man "I don't, mean that you're worse than others, old fellow," said Drake, "or that sacrificing this one poor child is going to mend matters much. ..." "No, it isn't likely to improve my style of going, is it?" "But that man John Storm was not so far wrong after all, and for this polygamy of our lavender glove tribe the nation itself will be overtaken by the judgment of God one of these days." Lord Robert broke into a peal of derisive laughter. "Go oil," he cried. "Go on, dear boy! It's funny to hear you though, after to-day's proceedings, too, and he glanced significantly around the table. Drake brought down his fist with a thump on to the mantelpiece. "Hold your tongue, Robert. How often am I to tell you this is a different thing entirely? Be cause 1 discoverea creature of genius and try to help lier 'to the position she de serves. . . "You hypocrite, if it had been a inan, instead of a charming little woman with big eyes, don't you know . . ." But there had been a ring at the outer door, and Benson had come in to say that a clergyman was waiting downstairs. "Little Goliglitly again!" said Lord Ro bert, wearily. "Are these everlasting ar rangements never . . The man stopped him. It was not Mr. Goliglitly; it was a stranger; would not give his name; looked like a Caaiolic priest; had been there before, he thought. "Can it be . . . talk of the devil . . ." 'Ask him up," said Drake. And while Drake bit his lip and clenched his hands, and Lord Robert took up a scent uuule and sprayed himself with cau dc cologne, they saw a man clad in the long coat of a priest come into the room— calm, grave, self- possessed, very pale, with hollow and shaven cheeks and dark nnd sunken eyes, which burned with a sombre "fire, and head so closely cropped us to seem to be almost bald. John Storm's anger liad c-oolcd. As he crossed tlie park the heat of his soul had turned to fear, and while lie stood in tlie hall below, with an atmosphere of perfume about him, and even a delicate sense of a feminine presence, his fear had turned to terror. On that account he liad refused to send up his name, and on going up the stair case lined with prints he had been tempted to turn about and fly, lest lie should come upon Glory face to face. But finding the two men only in tlie room above, his cour age came back, and he hated himself for liis treacherous thought of her. "You will forgive me for this uncere monious visit, sir," he said, addressing him self to Drake. Drake motioned to him to be seated. He bowed, but continual to stand. "Your friend will remember that I have been here before." Lord Robert bent his head and went on trifling with the spray. "It was a painful errand relating lo a girl who had been nurse at the hospital. Tlie girl was nothing to me, but she liad a com panion who wus very mueh." Drake nodded and his lips stiffened, but lie did not speak. "You are aware that since then 1 have been away from tho hospital. I wrote to vou on the subject— you will remember that.'" Well? said Drake. "I have only just returned, and have come direct from the hospital now." "Well?" "I see you know what I mean, sir. My young friend has gone. Can you tell me where to find her?'T "Sorry I cannot," said Drake coldly; and he saw that a look of boundless relief crossed the grave face in front of him. Then you don't know " "I didn't say that," said Drake, and then tlie lines of pain came back. "At the request of lier people I brought her up to London, sir. Naturally they will look to me for news of her, and I feel re sponsible for her welfare." "If that is so, you must pardon me for SidraKe1 VG y0Ur d"ty Iightl>''" . John Storm gripped the rail of the chair in front of him, and there was silence for a moment. Whatever I may have to blame myself with in the past, it would relieve me to find lier well and lmppy and safe from all liarm. "She is well and happy, and safe too. I can tell you that mueh. There was another moment of silence, and then John Storm said, in broken sen tences and in a voice that was straggling to control iteejf, _ 1 have known her since she was a child,. sir . . . you cannot think how many tender memories . . it is nearly a year since I saw Iter, and one likes to see old friends after an absence-" l ?,we dVd.no,t BPcak, but he dropped his ««W dtdln 8 eyes had begun to fill . We were good friends too. Boy and girl comrades almost. Brother and sister , ?hpu,d 6a>'' for that was how I liked to think of myself— her elder brother, bound to take care of her." " There was a little trill of derisive laugh- tor from the other side of the room, where Lord : Robert had put the spray down noisily, and turned to look out into the street.. Then John Storm drew himself un and Baid m a firm voice: . "Gentlemen, why should I mince mat- ters? I will not do so. The girl we speak of is more to me than anybody else in the world besides. Perhaps "she was one of the reasons why I went into that monaster)'. Certainly she is the reason I have come out of it. I have come to find her. . I shall find her. If she is in difficulty or danger I intend to save her. Will you tell me where b ie is?" "Mr. Storm," said Drake, "I am sorry, very sorry, but what you say compels ine to speak plainly. The lady is well and safe and happy. If her friends are anxious about her she can reassure them for herself, and no doubt lias already done so. But m-the position she occupies at present you are a dangerous man. It-might not be her wish, and it would not be to her advantage to meet with you, nnd I cannot allow her to run the risk." . . "Has it come to that? Hare you o right to speak for her, sir?" "Perhaps I have . . ." Drake hesi tated, and then said with a rush, "the light to protect lier ngninst a fanatic." John Storm curbed himself: lie had been through a long schooling. "Man, be hon est," he said. "Either your interest is good or had, selfish or unselfish. Which is it?' Drake made no answer. "But it would be useless to bandy words, sir. I didn't come here to do that. Will you tell me where she is?" "No." "Then it is to he a" duel between ns— is that so? You for the girl's body and ine for "her sotd? Very well, I take your chal- Aere was silence once more, and John Storm's eyes wandered about the room. They fixed themselves at length on the sketch by the pier glass. "On my former visit I met with the same reception, sir. The girl could take care of herself. It wns no "business of mine. How that relation lias ended I do not ask. But this one ..." "This one is nil entirely different matter, sir," said Drake, "and I will thank you not to . . ." But John Storm was mailing tlie sign of the cross on his breast, and saying, as one who was uttering a prayer, "God grant it is, and always may be. At tlie next moment he was gone from the room. The two men stood where he had left them until his footsteps had ceased on tlie stairs, and the door had closed behind him. Then Drake eried, "Benson, a tele graph form! I must telegraph to Kocnig at once." "Yes, he'll follow her up on the double quick," said Lord Robert. "But what mat ter? His face will be enough to frighten the girl. Ugh! It was the face of a death's head." "Shut up, you fool! It was the face of a god," said Drake. At dinner that night John Storm was more than usually silent, and to break in upon his gravity, Airs. Callender asked him what lie intended to do next. "To take priest's orders without delay," lie said. "And what then?" "Then," he said, lifting a twitching and suffering face, "to make an attack on the one mighty stronghold of tho devil's king dom, whereof woman is the direct and im mediate victim— to tell society over again it is an organised hypocrisy for the pursuit and demoralisation of woman, and tlie church that bachelorhood is not celibacy, and polygamy is against the laws of God— to look and search for the beaten 'and broken who lie scattered and nstray in our bewil dered cities, and to protect them and shelter tliem whatever they are, however low tliey have fallen, because' they are my sisters ana 1 love 'them." "God bless ye, laddie! That's spoken like a man," said tlie old- woman, rising from .her seat. But John Storm's pale face had already flushed up to the eyes, and he dropped lus head as one who was ashamed. (To be Continued.) 