THE NOVELIST. SIMON DALE; By ANTHONY HOPE. CHAPTER XXIV. A COMEDY BEFORE THE KING. On the next day but one, M. de Fontelles and I took the road together for London. Carford- lay between life and death (for the point had pierced his lung) at the inn to which we had borne him; he could do no more harm and occasion us no uneasi ness. On the other hand M. de Fontelles was anxious to seek out the French ambas sador, with whom he was on friendly terms, and enlist his interest first to excuse the abandonment of his mission, and in the second place to explain the circumstances of his duel with Carford. In this latter task he asked my aid, since I alone, saving the servants, had been a witness of the encoun ter, and Fontelles, recognising (now that his rage was pa^t) that he had been wrong to force bis opponent to a meeting under such conditionsj prayed my testimony to vindicate his reputation. I could not deny him, and moreover, though it grieved me to be absent from Quinton Manor, I felt that Barbara's interests and my own might well be served by a journey to London. No news had come from my lord, and I was eager to see him and bring him over to my side: the disposition of the King was also a matter of moment and of uncertainty; would he still seek to gain for M. de Perren court what that exacting gentleman re quired. or .would he now abandon the struggle in which his instruments had twice failed him? Ilis Majesty should now be returning from Dover, and I made up my mind to go to Court and learn from him the worst and the best of what I might look for. Nay, I will not say that the pure desire to see him face to face had not weight with n:e; for I believed that he had a liking for tne, and that I should obtain from him better terms in my own person than if my cause were left in the hands of those who surrounded him. When we were come to London (and T pray that it be observed and set down to my credit that, thinking there was enough of love-making in this history, I have spared any narrative of my farewell to Barbara, although on my soul it was most moving) ?M. de Fontelles at once sought the ambas sador, taking my promise to come there as soon as his summons called, while I betook myseli to the lodging which 1 had shared with Darrell before we went to Dover. I hoped to find him there and renew our friendship; my grudge was for his masters, and 1 am not tor making an enemy of a man who does what his service demands of him. I was not disappointed; Robert opened the door for me, and Darrell him self sprang to bis teet m amazement at the sound of my name, i laughed heartily and flung myself into a chair, saying "llow goes t/ie Treaty of Dover?" He ran to the door and tried it; it was close-shut. "The less you say of that, the safer you'll be," said he. "Oho!" thought I. "Then I'm not going to market empty-handed if I want to buy; it seems that 1 have something to sell!" .And smiling very good-humourealv I 6aid "What, is there a secret in it?'5 Darrell came up to me and held out his \- hand. "On my life," said he, "I didn't know you were interested in the lady, Simon, or I woudn't have taken a hand in the affair." "On my life," said I, "I am obliged to you. What of Mdlle. de Querouaillef" "She has returned with Madame!" "But will return without Madame?" "Who knows?" he asked with a emile that he could not smother. "God and the King," said I. "What of M. de Perrencourt?" "Your tongue's hung so loose, Simon, that one day it'll hang you tight." "Enough, enough. What, then, of Phineas Tate?" "He is on board ship on his way to the plantations. He'll find plenty to preach to there." " What! Why, there's never a Papist sent now! He'll mope to death. What of the Duke of Monmouth?" "He has found out Carford." "He has? Then he has found out the Secretary also?" "There is indeed a distance between His Grace and my lord," Darrell admitted. "When rogues fall out! A fine saying that, Darrell. And what of the King? . "My lord tells me that the King swears he w<jn't sleep o' nights till he has laid a cer tain troublesome fellow by the heels." . "And where is that same troublesome fel low?" "So near me that, did I serve the King as 1 ought, Robert would now be on his way with news for mv lord Arlington?" "Then his Majesty's sentiments are mighty unkind towards me? Be at peace, Darrell. I am come to London to seek him." "To seek him? Are you mad? You'll follow Phineas Tate!" "But I have a boon to ask of the King. I desire him to use his good offices with my lord Quinton. For I am hardly a good match for my lord's daughter, and yet I would make her my wife.' "I wonder," observed Darrell, "that you, Simon, who, being a heretic, must go to hell when you die, are not more careful of your life." Then we both fell to laughing. "Another thing brings me to London," I pursued. "I must see Mistress Gwyn." He raised his hands over hie head. : "Fill up the measure," said he. "The jfing knows you come to London with her, -and u more enraged at that than, all the ranC*" "Da« he know what happened on the 3°"wf*> no, Simon," smiled Darrell. "The matter u jiit that. The King does not Siow what happened on the wuniev. : f«He must learn it, I declared. To moffowTU ?eekMistresa Gwyn. You shall 2$? in 2«*83S>' send Robert to take her pleasure as to the hour when I shall wait on her." "She's in a fury with the King, as he with her." "On what account?" "Already, friend Simon, you're too wise!" "By heaven, I know! It's because Mdlle. Querouaille is so good a Catholic!" Darrell had no denial ready. He shrug ged his shoulders and sat silent. Now, although I had told Barbara that it was my intention to ask an audience from the King, I had not disclosed my purpose of seeing Mistress Nell. Yet it was firm in my mind-for courtesy's sake. Of a truth, she had done me great service. Was I to take it as though it were my right, with never a word of thanks? Curiosityalso drew me, and that attraction which she never lost for me, nor, as I believe, for any man whose path she had crossed. I was sure of myself, and did rot fear to go. Yet memory was not dead in me, and I went in a species of excitement, the ghost of old feelings dead but not forgotten. When a man has loved, and sees her whom he loves no more, he will not be indifferent; angry he may be, or scornful, amused he may be, and he should be tender; but it will not be as though he had not loved. Yet I had put a terrible affront on her, and it might be that ehe would not receive me. As I live, I believe that but for one thing she would not. That turned her, by its appeal to her humour. When I came to the house in Chelsea, I was conducted into a small ante-chamber, and there waited long. There were voices speaking in the next room, but I could not hear their speech. Yet I knew Nell's voice; it had for me always-aye, still-echoes of the past. But now there was something which barred its way to my heart, its tones beat vainly on a fastened door. The door in front of me opened, and she PHOTOGRAPHIC STUDY BY TALMA AND CO., MELBOURNE. was in the room with me. There 6he was, curtesying low in inock obeisance and smil ing whimsically. "A bold man!" she cried. "What brings you here? Art not afraid?" "A£t«rid that-I am not welcome, yet not afnaid tP comfe;"'' Arrant wrapped in -civility1 do not lore it." "»\ '! "Jlisfr^S'NeJl, I came to thank you for tHe greater kifccfo&ss-;} "If it be kindness to/nelp you to a fool!" said MistressNel]-.^Wnat, besides your thaiiks to^rfe^ Pjlflgte^9" to town?" I must"fbigjs4-lier ttie style in which she epoke of Barpara. I answered with a smile: i "I must see tflie King. I don't know bis purposes about me. Besides, I desire tbat he should help; me to my-fool." "If you're wise you'll keep out of his sight. Then she began to laugh. "Nay, but I don't know," said she. Then with a swift movement she was by me, catching at my coat and turning.up to me a face full of merriment. "Shall we play a comedy?" she asked. j "As you will. What shall be my part?" "I'll give you a pretty part, Simon. Your face is very smooth; nay, do not fear, I remember so well that I needn't try again. You shall be this French lady of whom they speak." : "I the French lady! God forbid!" "Nay, but you shall, Simon. And I'll be the King. Nay, I say don't be afraid, I swear you tried to run away then." "Is it not prescribed as the best cure for temptation." "Alas, you're not tempted!" she said with a pout. "But there's another part in the comedy," j "Besides the1 King and Mademoiselle! "Why, yes-and a great part." Myself by chance?" "You! No! What should you do in the play ? It is I-I myself." Nell"C' trUe" * for8°t "you* Mistress "You did "jforget me, -fijmon, . N»y, I must spare you, for you will have heard that same charge of fickleness from Mistress Quinton, and it is hard to hear it from two at once. But who shall play my part?" "Indeed I can think of none equal to it." "The King shall play it!" she cried, with a triumphant laugh, and stood opposite to me, the embodiment of merry triumph, "Do you catch the plot of my piece, Simon?" "I am very dull," I confessed. "It's your condition, not your nature, Simon," Nell was so good as to say. "A man in love is ever dull, save to the one woman, and she's stark-mad. Come, can you feign an inclination for me, or have you forgot the trick." At the moment she spoke the handle of the dcor turned. Again it turned and was rattled. "I locked it," whispered Nell, her eyes full of mischief. Again and most impatiently the handle was twisted to and fro. "Pat, pat, how pat he comes!" she whispered. A last loud rattle followed, then a voice cried in anger, "Open it; I bid you open it." "God help us!" I exclaimed in sad per plexity. "It's the King." "Yes, it's the King, and, Simon, the piece begins. Look as terrified as you can. It's the King." "Open, I say, open!" cried the King, with a thundering knock. I understood now that he had been in the other room, and that she had left his society to come to me; buJ-,.1; uudei'stood dimly only why she had^loefied the door,, and why sne now was so telow'in( opening it. Yet.I set my wits to work) and^ioV/filrthMV aid, watched her closelyi "-"She was worth/ the watching. Without aid of, paints or powders, of scene or theatre, »ne tran^i formed her hair, her manner, ayfc,.-her .face also. Alarm and terror showed in her eyes as she stole in fearful fashion across the room, unlocked the door, and drew it open, herself standing by it, stiff and rigid, in what seemed shame or consternation, The agitation she feigned found some reality in me. I was. not ready for the thing, although I had been warned by the voice outside. When the King stood in the door way, I wished myself a thousand miles away. The King was silent for several moments; he seemed to me to repress a passion which, When he spoke, he was smiling ironically, and his voice was calm. "How comes this gentleman here?" he asked. The terror that Nell had so artfully as sumed she appeared now, with equal art, to defy or conquer. She answered him with angry composure. "Why shouldn't Mr. Dale be here. Sir?" she asked. "Am I to see no friends? Am I to live all alone?" "Mr. Dale is no friend of mine " "Sir, " I began, but his raised hand stayed me. "And you have no need of friends when I am here." "Your Majesty," said she, "came ^to say farewell; Mr. Dale was but half-an- hour too soon." This answer showed me the game. If he had come to bid her farewell-why, I under stood now the parts in the comedy. If he left her for the Frenchwoman, why should she not turn to Simon Dale? The King bit hie lip. He also understood her answer. "You lose no time, mistress," he Baid, with an uneasy laugh. "I've lost too much already," she flashed back. "With me?" he asked, and was answered by a sweeping curtsey and a scornful smile. "You're a bold man, Mr. Dale," said he. '1 knew it before, and am now most con vinced Of it." "I didn't expect to WQet your, Majesty her*!," said I sincerely. hurry him to violence. "I don't mean that. You're bold to come here at all." "Mistress Gwyn is very kind to me," said I. I would play my part and would not fail her, and I directed a timid yet amorous glance at Nell. The glance reached Nell, nut on its way it struck the King. He was patient of rivals, they eaid, but he frowned now and muttered an oath. Nell broke into sudden laughter; it sounded forced and un real. It was meant so to sound. "We're old friends," said she, "Simon and I. We were friends-before I waa what I am. We're still friends, now that I am what I am. Mr. Dale escorted me from Dover to London." "He is an attentive Bquire," sneered the King. "He hardly left my side," said Nell. "You were hampered with a companion." "Of a truth I nardly noticed it," cried Nelly with magnificent falsehood. I se conded her efforts with a shrug and cun ning smile. "I bcffin to understand," said the King. "And when my farewell has been said, what then?" "I thought it had been said half-an-hour ago," she exclaimed. "Wasn't it?' "You were anxious to hear it, and so seemed to hear it," said he uneasily. She turned to me with a grave face and tender eyes. "Didn 11 tell you here, just now, how the King parted from me?" I was to take the stage now, it seemed. "Aye, you told me," said I, plaving the .agitated lover as best I could. "You told jiiJe, that-that-but I cannot speak before his Majesty." And I ended in a most rare confu&on.; \- "f5pefck, sir," he commanded, harshly and curtly-/ .-'?i oh told me," said I in low tones, "that intKing left you. And I said I was no King, but that you need not be left alone." My eyes fell to the ground in pretended fear. The swiftest glance from Nell applauded me. I would have been sorry for him and ashamed for myself had I not remembered M. de Perrencourt and our voyage to Calais. In that thought I gteeled myself to hardness, and bade conscience be still. A long silence followed. Then the King drew near to Nell. With a care stroke of skill she seemed to shrink away from him and edged towards me, as though she would take refuge in my arms from nis anger or his coldness. "Come, I've never hurt you, Nelly," said he. Alas, that art should outstrip nature! Never have I seen portrayed so finely the resentment of a love that, however greatly wounded, is still love, that, even in turning away, longs to turn back, that calls even in forbidding, and in refusing breathes the longing to assent. Her feet still came to wards me, but her eyes were on the King. "You sent me away," she whispered, as she moved towards me and looked where the King was. "I was in a temper," said he. Then he turned to me, saying, "Pray leave ue, sir." I take it that I must have obeyed, but Nell sprang suddenly forward, caught my hand, and, holding it, faced the King. "He shan't go; or, if you send him away, I'll go with him." The King frowned heavily, but did not speak. She went on, choking down a sob aye, a true sob; the part she played moved her, and beneath her acting there was a reality. She fought for her power over him, and now was the test of it. "Will you take my friendships from me as well as my-oh, I won't endure it." She had given him his hint in the midst of what seemed her greatest wrath. His frown persisted, but a smile bent bis lips again. *'Mr. Pale," said he, "it .isjmrd to reason with a lady before another gentleman. I . ... . ' [ was wrong to bid you go. But w;n - suffer me to retire to that room airaInl you I bowed low. «b«uh. "And," he went on, "will you excim,. hostess e presence for awhile?" our I bowed again. «w°' 1 k '®D'\K,with yo«." cried Ne]; "Nay, but, Nelly, you will," «aid \ smiling now. "Come, I'm old and ,{g ugly, and Mr. Dale is a sbrapnine f,.vi; y YoUy must be kind to the unfo^^; She was holding my hand still. Th» King took hers, Very slowly and , tantly she let him draw her away > j' j what seemed best to do; I Bighed , heavily and plaintively, and bowed ; submission. a "Wait till we return," said the Kinu -na his tone was kind. u They passed out together, and 1 1 , |,.i ing yet ashamed to laugh, flung mv'sp]« ;, J chair. She would not keep him for h '^if alone; nay, as all the world know* made but a drawn battle of it willi j|,P Frenclnvoman, but the disaster-an ,itp^ defeat-that had threatened her, sh,. |la(i averted, jealousy had achieved what Vp could not, he would not let her gn .,ow when another's arms seemed open for hPr' To this success I had helped her. <)., mv life, I was glad to have helped her. i did not yet see how I had helped my own cause. T was long in the room alone, and tV/nirii the King bad bidden me await bis return he did not come again. Nell came J.ine laughing, radiant, and triumphant: sl,p caught me by both hands, and swiftly. sud denly, before T knew, kissed me mi f v,P cheek. Nay, come, let me be honc-t- \ knew a short moment before, but on niv honour T could not avoid it courteously. "We've won," she cried. "I have what I desire, and you. Simon, are to seek hiin at Whitehall. Hp has forgiven you all vonr sins, and-ves. he'll give you what- favour you aeked. He has pledged his word to me." "Does he know what I shall ask?" "No. no, not yet. Oh. that T could se<> bis face! Don't snare him, Siroon. Toll him--wbv. tell him all the truth-every word of it. the stark bare truth." "Hmr shall T sav it?" "Why. that you love, and have ever loved, and will ever love. Mistress Rar!>an Quinton. and that you love not. and will never love, and have never loved, no. nor cared the price of a straw, for Elinor Gwvn." "Ts that the whole truth?" said I. She was holding my hands still; she pressed them now and sighed lightly. "Why, yes, it's the whole truth. Lei it be the whole truth, Simon. What matter? tbat a man once lived when he's dpad. or open loved when he loves no more?" "Vet T won't tell him more than is true." sa'd I "You'll be ashamed to say anything else." she whispered, looking up in my face. "Now, by G-d, I'm not ashamed," said 1, and I kissed her hand. "You're not?" "No, not a whit. I think I should be ashamed, had my heart never strayed tn you.' "Ah, but you say strayed!" I made her no answer, but asked forgive ness with a smile. She drew her hand sharply away crying: "Go your wavs. Simon Dale, go vonr ways; go to your Barbara^ arid your Hateh stead, and your dulness and your righteous ness." "We part in kindness?" T urged. For a moment T thought she would answer neevishlv, but the mood passed, and she smiled sincerely on me as she made reply: "Aye, in all loving kindness, Simon; and when vou hear the sour rail on me, sav - why sav. Simon, that even a severe gentle man such as vou are once found some good in NpI'v. Will you sav that for me?" "With all my heart." "Noy, I care not what vou sav." -ke burst out laughing again. "Begone, begone. I swore to the King that T would epia-k but a dozen words to you. Begone!" T bowed and turned towards the d"iir. She flew to me suddenly, as if to speak, hut hesitated. T waited for her; at last -die spoke, with eyes averted, and an una' uf= tomed embarrassment in her air. "If-if vou're not ashamed to speak mv name to Mistress Barbara, teM her T 'vi<sh her well, and prav lier to think as ki'idly of me as she can." "She has full cause to think kindly," - iid "And will therefore think unkin 1'y! Si»"on. T bid you begone." She held out her hand to me, and Ik: ~ed it again. "This time we part for good and ? said she. "I've loved you, and I've 1) ! <'d you, and I have nearly loved you. >ut it's nothing to be loved by me, who lov' nil the world." "Nay, it's something," said I. "Fare well." I passed out, but turned to find her ?'<* on me. She was laughing, and nodding her head, swaying to and fro on her feet cr manner was, she blew me a kiss f "1 her lips. So I went, and my life knew : cr no more. But when ttie strict rail on sinner- I guard my tongue for the sake of Nelly. .' d the last kiss she gave me on my cheek. ORIGIN OF PROHIBITION. The death of General Neal Dow, '.lie American prohibitionist, has revived t iie story he used to tell that the Maine hw originated in a rum-shop. In days gone by a woman came to him in distress because her husband, at that moment drinking m a saloon, was in peril of losing his employ ment should he go next day to his W'pl'k the worse for liquor. She begged Mr. to induce the saloonkeeper not to sell li "1 any more drink. He found the hufilw'"1 in the saloon, and said to the liquor-seJl r. "I wish you would sell no more liquor to Mr. Blank." "Why, Mr. Dow." said Ins "I must supply my customers.' "li'it, was the reply, "this gentleman has a M'£e family to support. II he goes to his O1Ik'< drunk to-morrow he will lose his place- J wish you would sell him no more: ' lie liquor-seller waxed angry, said he had n family to support, ana a license to liquor. "So you have a license to sell, said Mr. Dow, "and you support >'<!>» family by impoverishing others. «iy> God's help, I'll change all this. And he left, fired Dy a determination to devote Jus life to the suppression of the liquor tratiic. The vow was lcept. 