, ]. PERAL CONVENTION TIIIRTKEXTH DAY. (RFXTKB'S AGENCV.) SVDSKYI 20tli September. Onentiuii this morning resumed the ?on the proposals for providing against Tinner said that lie would be '^Mtlnt Mr- Symon's clause, which was w::;- ] on ri'idav," should remain with the of the alternative scheme of the ro '''"'if1 throwim: upon the Government of i;ra; jj,., onus of either resorting to dis . ' oi referendum. i l° M'MUUm thought- that soine scheme i'l he deviled whereby that House should ;Lilve<l which had been longest away from 'Vl'1^Al'f'ei'l'eahin said he believed that the \--'-IrV -ci which arose between the two Houses i'ba" anii'-'itblv settled in 99 cases of 100, lit'li-wed that a double dissolution would .tVjiiost ellective means of settling the .-.s that did arise with the referendum .'"t of need to secure finality. :: \|t Iv-iil said lie could not conceive any 1 vliirh would be likely to give finality .^ofto'Hwkss, except that of bothHomes> jrl voting together. He regarded a. \- -'-rendum as a monstrous absurdity. He with a dual dissolution, Lut the only wa* what was to follow if a dissolu ^v'leit hrith Houses as obstinate as ever. .. '"ir'J "IX'tt'iier said he thought that a dead . Mm-the safeguard of the constitution, and -? I slieveil that a double dissolution would be a ..Ve'and that a double referendum would be .r'e too. He hoped that the amendment lip'li had been carried would be adhered to. Mr Simon leaser said he was not prepared to I--,' hu'k ujion the vote lie gave on Friday on He would ratlier see federation ;"..i;jhan pnt in the constitution something iipili lie thought dangerous to the liberties of lixf. Forrest denied -that West-Australia. «s not -RDSWur. to join federation: /He! said .;"ijiis-eolony.;had made greater -sacrifices than \- v other to W-present, and would not have "'-'je «o unless the people were anxious t-c join, i'jfes moderate counsels prevailed West f.raii.i would Tie unwilling to join, and lie ho"r.il that the Convention would. be satisfied with what had been . carried at .the instance of Mr.^vmou. .Mr.' Carruthers suggested . that the . .plan, jiftcil should be that* if either House of Par ?K»Rit in two consecutive sessions of the same I'srSiwont pass a proposed law which the other Hrt'e'tail? to pass, the Governor-General may' i-oli? borti Houses,-and if cither House after General election will not pass the proposed.; !;ir tijrt, there shall be a fall conference of the / -j.ijioiises, in which conference, a two-thirds \ shall be necessary to pass the proposed !r.r. provided that it shall be lawful -fora, r;.i>ri;v of the ('onference-to pass.a resolution, - j.;"Vi.iJ the Governor-General -to refer the pro-' t-.-i/i few to the general vote of the people of :r.f Commonwealth. Mr. Kingston favored a national referendum, iii cases where a minority insisted on a in. to the states for* ills protection of lit?. The powers of demanding a atippifreferendum lie would give to one-tliird the House of Representatives or half the :;pr«ei:;utives of half the states, in the House if Kepresent.it i ve?. Mi Wife said it was necessary to provide ::sie.mfans fur allaying the fears of the popula ::o:i of the large colonies if that -coiild be done litiiouta conflict with the fundamental.factors' c: the federal union. . - - ">:r< ieorjrc Turner said he thought that Mr. Kingston had hi l upon the true solution of the cSftilty. He could not realisd-that in any iiiimtcs which would occur in the Federal Par Ssieat there wouhl be a pitting of state ...\;ins: state. He could not accept'tlieproposal, for a settlement by a meeting of bot-fi'Houses. ; Mr. Higgins considered that before theConven K-a adjourned it should come to ft decision in fivor of a (hmhie dissolution. He regretted :wt Sir Hcorge Turner had abandoned his sup j-'-r: to;he national referendum. "ir Ucorgc Turner : We should not liave had tst^wstofa shadow of a chance of carrying .li'ina! referendinn. Mr. Hi.-gius: Without a national referendum u:: '.vwit have the ghost of a shadow of a to carry this bill. .Mr. Burton said it had to be remembered that '..'c-'iecision would be subject to review,. ?but it '-m-regarded as a decision which animated tvm such information a i they had received "[ '.(? lhfci>i't-sr-!it. He considered that the pro pal <?: Sir <;ec.. Turner was superior to that Mr. Lyue. The constitution was sufficient wi'hc-i!' any provision for deadlocks, but as iwas a public demand, the Convention must -;:-:p!y v.ith it. He thought that the proposal r: Carruthers deserved careful eonsidcra >n. The more simple the scheme was made U-tn-r it would be. Mr. Lyne made a long and fiery protest ^..:r.-t ,i vote being taken, "because, lie saiil^flfe ' -.tf.ioii ;va< not thoroughly understood. iat Convention agreed to strike out " if' :;,;a Mn Lyne's amendment in order to allQW 1 timer's amendment to be voted T:.e Convention then divided on Mr. Wise's jSfcpdmfent to insert after the words " House of »ti«-fsiitaiivcs"in Sir Geo. Turner's anieiut Words providing " That in the first^.ili V'1'1 Houses of Parliament may be dis ?.!''aUi»ni!ianeou«ly,provided that the Senate t::"l i.e dissolved within a period" of six ,c,-"tiis immediately preceding the date of the H'f'y of the duration of the House' of Repre^7 ®'aiivps.:' Z 'lit division was-For the amendment, 2.3 ; «SRISt, L'u. >u'r',co' ?' un,cr llll(' a'l the Victorians,except I'Msc-r. voted with the majority. ? ,'v Turner's amendment as amended ? ^ ,?e- Mi". Lyne then proposed " a""h'gw" .?"jKi'imeiit for the insertion' of words favorinji; uniting tnc proposed law .to a national re-, aitmiiu:]. ? i ; v.' f divided,, when there were for Lyiics amendment 3(i,'against 10^ . , - . ' '' lurntr then proposed to add the t"s (?'.a referendum.-'!: ' it, touvontioii divitletl; when there were.foe ^tinstjFttca of the proposed words 18, xigain6tv T:,c rivoros "to the direct'determination of 'ne l'-°ple .' in -Sir George- Turner's amend-^ f »t Were then struck out?c-'affd'; >ir.- .Gar-'"' ".i >«rrpropo$ed lillfijjr '-nprtlu^lilaSflfi! -tfJr ^or3s_ KC'r-"'o for the . considering .of .the..proposed! aij': iI)le,ll''crs of the two Houses deliberating together, and for the adoption or, |.i-'uon of the proposal according to tlie de Ef'vl 0 l'le 'najority of three-fifths of the ? ?be s present and voting on the question: .. ? io'en ''-'f so as to allow- time to be taken ' T»aS(' l'le- nln'ter> progress was reported.. ttr. "yention adjourned'^at midnight.; . : ' St4 '' ner l^vcs to-morrow . for Mel 