1 Wonderful Woman; OR, THE DAKCERFIELD MYSTERY/ Ey MBS MAY AGNES FLEMING. - ' ' Author of " VVed, Yet No Wife," ''.Norine," "Baronet's Bride," -Etflt' ' CHAPTER XII.- (Continued). The fiffl'in had come with the new- day; rain and sleet beat the glass, the wind bowled dismally around the house and up and down the draughty passages. Mr 3is-ntr?e scowled at ine distant prospect. Atmospheric influ ences did not affect him much, as a rule, but they affected him to-day. I suppose the least sensitive of human beings likes bright sunshine, balmy breezes, and cloudless skies, for his wedding day. Mr Dantree cursed the weather, curse? the pursuing memory ' that drove him from bis bed, cursed his own folly in. letting his superstitious fears trouble him, and, having finished bis litany,, produced a smoke-colored buttle of French brandy, a case of Ma nillas, and flung himself into an easy chair before the still smouldering Are. He in-lined himself with eau de vie un til the breakfast bell rang, and then descended to meet his host and his sister, and get the vapors of the night dispelled in their eoc'ety. Miss Talbot departed for Searswood almost immediately after breakfast. Sir Dantrae escorted lier to the car riage, and moodily watched her drive awav. 1 suppose I am to give your love to liavherine?" the young lady said, gaily. "Ai-.d I suppose we won't see you until Vthe hour? Try and wear a less dolorous face, signor, when you do present your self. Tt's a serious occasion, beyond doubt, but not even matrimony can war rant so gloomy a countenance as that." How the long. Interminable hours of that day-wor-i: on Gaston Dantree never afterwards knew. Something was going to happen — lie simply felt that — what, he did not know . Marie might come, or she might not; but whether or not, some- j thing would happen. The dark, sleety j hours dragged \v. ly v,->ng, Ke smoked j furiously; ho drank ii; >ro brandy than was at all print, -nt " usual for bride- I grooms; he went ir; r.,vd out in a restless j fever that would r-ut let litm sit down, j He naced up and down tile leafless aisles, | the sleet driving sharply in his face, the j keen wind piercing him — for he was of a chilly nature. Were presentiments true? None had nv.-p troubled him before. Was it a gniby conscience? It was the time he ev.-r realised he had a con science; or was it a worse demon than either— the gloomy fiend of indigestion? "A sluggish liver has made men blow iheir brains jut before now, and a dys- j Peptic stomach has seen ghosts, Pre sentiments are sentimental humbugs. > It's the heavy dinners at Searswood and j the French cookery at Morecambe, com- j bined with a leaden 6ky and a miserable i Pecftnfly-r day. If the Infernally long J day were ended and the bridal hour come, I sliouM fed all right, I know." Ii!s host v.-ii-tohcd him curiously from 'he. window, .wandering about, in ..the storm bite an unquiet spirit. Bride- grooRis nmy by restless as a rule on the happy d ry, but not such restlessness as this. There's something on that fellow's hnnd," the young Fuasex squire thought. He has the look to-day of a man who 3 a",a.id. and I don't think he's a coward fm a rU'e". 'Vli tliought front the first 3 marriage would be a baa job, and a no erd of a piiy. She's such a trump . a Sh'l — 1H Ue K&thle; — no nonsense lit ,I0r' l'ou know, rides to hounds a llrn Nimrod-ess, "dances like a , P ' I'-llcky and thoroughbred from top Ana she's going to throw herself v -''on, fellow; for no reason under , " ' n Jut' tliat he's' got a good-locking vi" , ?JanS it all! "Why did I ever nei»rt t- a dow'n to .Morecambe, or why littia Verine Dangerfield' be such a has'f ' ' , 'ko's to tell us tile man leans'',a & a"—ady out in New Or- noon the bridegroom heavuJ , on hia bed and fell time- LaS, p" He did not dream this CSect nf !>or hour®— the beneficial W»rt. 1,rajldy. «>o doubt. The day had faded entirely out — the candles were lighted, and Squire Tal bot's man stood over him adjuring Uim to rise. "Beg pardon, sir, for disturbing you, but master's orders, sir, and it's after four, Mr Dantree, sir, and time, master says, to get up and dress. And master's orders, sir, is that I'm to assist you." Mr Dantree leaped from the bed. Four o'clock and time to dress. No mere end less hours to think and fidget— that was a comfort, at least. "How's the weather now, Lewis?" he asked. "Storm held up any? No, I see it lias not. Rather worse, if anything. "Where's the squire?" "In his room, sir— dressing, sir. Per mit me to do that, Mr Dantree, sir, if you please. Dinner's to be an hour and a half earlier than usual, sir, on this oc casion. You'll 've just time to drees, ar.d n5 more." Lewis was an adept in his business. At half-past four Mr Dantre-e descended to dinner in full evening suit— white waistcoat, diamond studs, dress coat, shiny boots— robed for the sacrifice. He and the squire dined tete-a-tete, and quickly. Neither ate much — both were nervous and silent. "What the deuce ever made me bring ' the fellow down?" the squire kept think ing moodily, casting gloomy glances athwart the tall epergne of flowers be tween them. And "Will anything happen, after all?" the bridegroom kept saying over and over. "Will the heiress of Scars- wood be my wife to-morrow morning, or will something prevent it at the eleventh hour, and expose me? It would be just my usual infernal luck." lie went back to his room after din ner. They had not lingered, and it was still only a few minutes after five o'clock. A quarter before seven would I be early enough to arrive at Searswood, and run . the gauntlet of three-sjo-re curious eyes. "I wish it wore over," he exclaimed, aloud, almost savagely. "I wouldn't j undergo such an ordeal again for all the heiresses in Great Britain." I "It is a nervous business," a voice in : (he doorway responded; "but take I courage. There's many a slip, you j know, and though it wants barely two 1 hours to the lime, you may escape the i matrimonial noose after all." I Gaston Dar.tieo swung round with an | oath. There, in the doorway, stood Peter j Dangerfield. I "I beg your pardon, Mr Dantree," the I lawyer said, glibly, coming In, and shut- j ting the dour. "You don't look pleased j to see me, but that is not to be won- j dcred at." j "Wherever did you spring from?" ! Mr Dantree demanded, angrily. j "1 sprang from nowhere— I've given up j gymnastics. I drove over from Castle- | ford in the rain, on important business i — Important business to you. A quar- j ter- past live"— he drew out his watch— j "and I see you are all dressed for the ceremony. That gives us an hour and three-quarters— plenty of dime for what I want you to do." "What — you — want — me — to — do, Mr Dangerfield. I confess I am at a loss to " "To understand me— exactly— quite natural that you should, and ail that, I'll explain. Circumstances have come j to light concerning Sir John Dangerfield j and — well— and the young iady you are j going to marry. As a friend of yours, Mr Dantree, I consider it vouid . be a shameful deception to let the marriage go on while you are in ignorance of those circumstances. Sir, you have been grossly deceived — we have all been, and —but It Is impossible for me to explain. Thereby hangs a tale, and all that — which I "don't wish to tell. The person who told me is waiting at Castleford to' tell you. I drove here at onco— my trap Is waiting- outside now. I made my way to your room unannounced. I know the house, and I want you to put on your liat and great-coat and come with me to Castleford at once." Gaston Dantree stood very pale, lis- tening to this lengthy and rapid harangue.. His presentiments were all true, then — something was going to occur. At the last hour the glittering prize for which he had fought, and which he had won, was to be snatched from him. His lips were set hard, and TTfereMvas in his black eyes a dull red glow not good to see. But he kept his temper-binder all circumstances it was the ruje-cf his life to keep that. "'Mr .Dangerfield," he said, " will you be sovgood as to open the mysteries a little-' Your speech sounds mc-Io- dramatic— and I don't care for melo drama off the hoards. Why am I to go to Castleford? What are the circum stances? Whom am I to meet, and how have we all been deceived? Do you wish to Insinuate anything against Miss Dangerfield?" "Not a word — not a syllable. She is blameless, and I don't wish to stop your marriage. Heaven, .forbid! No one will wish you joy two hours' hence, when the ceremony id over, more sin cerely than I." Gaston Dantree looked at him, stag gered a little. The marriage was not tlfbe stopped, then. He drew a long, tense breath of relief. "This is all very strange. I wish you would explain. I'll go with you to Cas tleford— it will kill the intervening time as well as anything else — but I'd rather not go In the dark." "You must. Take my word for it, Dantree, it is necessary . It is impos sible for me to tell yout am bound by oath.- Come with me— come! I swear you shall be at Searswood by seven o'clock." For a moment Dantree stood irreso lute. Then curiosity overcame every other feeling. He seized his hat and coat with a slight laugh. "Be it so, then. Lead on, as they say in novels, I follow— and, my good i fellow, drive like the very deuce." He ran lightly down stairs ; Peter Dangerfield followed. There was a flush on the lawyer's sallow, parchment cheeks, a fire in his dim, near- sighted eyes, all unusual there. They met no one. The squire was still in his room, the servants were busy. The lamps of Mr Dangerfield's trap loomed like two fieri' eyes in the stormy blackness. Dan tree leaped In, Dangerfield followed, snatched up the reins, -and sped away like the wind. It was a silent drive. It was all Peter Dangerfield could do to hold the reins and make his way through the double darkness of night and storm. Gaston Dantree sat with folded arms waiting. "What was he to hear? where was he going? whom was he to see? A strange adventure, this, surely, on a man's wed ding night. The lights of Castleford gleamed through the sleet, the dull cannonading j of the sc-a on the coast came to them j above the shrieks of the wind. In five minutes they had driven up before an j inn. the two, men sprang out, an ostler took charge of the conveyance, arid Pc-tcr Dangerfield, with a brief " Tais way. Dantree." sprang swiftly up the stairs, ana rapped at a door on the first landing. It was opened instantly, and Gaston Dantre saw— Mrs Vavasor. She was magnificently dressed to night. A rich robe of purple silk, en traine. swept behind her — diamonds flashed on neck and fingers — and white, perfumery roses nestled in the glossy masses of satin-black hair. The rouge bloomed its brightest, the enamel gilt- I tend with alabaster dazzle, the almond j eyes were longer; brighter, blacker than ever, and that peculiar sn.ile on her | squirraDshn.ped mouth was never so j radiant before. I "You did not expect to sec me. Mr j Dantree, did you? .You didn't know I have been in Castleford a whole week? And I've coma for the wedding nil tne way from Paris. I crossed the Chan nel at the risk of expiring in the agonies i of sea-sickness, I braved this beastly ; British climate. I have buried myself alive a w..d!e week here, without a soul to speak to — all — to be present at Kathe- rine Dangerfield's wedding", if— that wedding. ever takes pi&ce.;" Mr Dantree looked at his watch, out wardly, ad icist, perfectly cool. "It will Ire an accomplished fact In a little over an hour, mads me. And there is a good old adage about, it's being well to wait till you're asked — wouldn't it have been better if. you had remembered it? Your affection for Miss Dengerfieid does credit to your head and heavt, but I fear it Is' unreciprocated. She loves you as Old Nick loves holy water." "Nevertheless, I shall go to her wed ding. . I. told her. so once, and I mean to keep my word, if— as I said before— that wedding ever takes place." " Will you be kind enough to ex plain?" He was quite white, but braced to meet the worst. He looked at her stea dily between the eyes. She stood and returned that gaze smiling, silent, and with a devil glittering in each glitter ing eye. For Peter Dangerfield, he stood aloof and listened. " What a fortunate fellow you are, Gaston Dantree," Mrs Vavasor said, after that short pause. "You are the very handsomest man, I think, I ever saw; you are the best singer of the operatic stage I ever heard; your man ners are perfect in their insolent ease; you are seven-and-twenty, a charming j age; and you possess what so seldom goes with beauty, unhappily— brains. J The world is your oyster, and you open ' it cleverly; you are a penniless Amerl- 1 can adventurer, and a baronet's daugh ter, the heiress of eight thousand a year, is waiting at Searswood to marry you to-night. Under what fortunate combination of the planets were you born, I wonder. You don't love this young lady you are going to marry; but love is an exploded idea— the stock-in- trade of poets and novelists. People with eight thousand a year can dispense with love; but where the bride and groom are both penniless — oh, well! j that's another matter." "Mrs Vavasor, it is after six o'clock. Did you send for me to listen to a hom ily? If so, having heard it, allow me to j take my departure." j "Don't be in a hurry, Mr Dsfntree — i there's no occasion. Seven o'clock will come, but I don't believe we'll have a wedding to-night, after all." j "You have said that three times!" — ; Gaston Dantree's eyes were growing j stern, and his mouth was set, in one j thin, hard lino. "The same thing re peated too often grows a bore. Be kind j enough, if you mean anything, to tell j me what you mean." "I will. I mean this, my handsome Lcuisianlan— that your briae-clect is no | more a baronet's daughter— no more Sir I John Dangerfield's heiress— than I am!" j CHAPTER XIII.— MRS VAVASOR'S I STORY. ! It was out, and Gaston Dantree stood for a moment stunned, looking at the j evil, smiling face of (he speaker, and ab- | solutely unable to reply. Then j "I don't believe it," he said, slowly. Mrs Vavasor laughed aloud. j "You mean you don't want to believe : it. It's not pleasant for a successful ad- ! venturer. Oh, don't be offended; it's j only the name commonplace people give other people cleverer than themselves, j It's not pleasant, I say, when the golden j chalice of fortune is at our lips, to see ! a ruthless hand spill that wine ot life at J our feet. It isn't pleasant for a hand- I 1 some, dark-eyed Adonis, with the face j of a god and the purse of a —pauper, to j find the reputed daughter and heiress of | a wealthy baronet, whom he is going to marry, as great a pauper as himself — greater, indeed, for. she lacks the good 1 looks that may yet make your fortune, j Mr Dantree. "It isn't pleasant, but it Is perfectly ; true. Fir John Dangerfield has im- j posed upon you— upon his rightful heir, Mr Dangerfield— upon society— passing J off a girl of whose parentage he is in ' most absolute ignorance, as his daugh ter. Don't fly into a passion, Mr Dan tree, aa I see you arc half Inclined to do — at least, not with me. I am not afraid | of you, and I am not to blame. If you j I don't believe me — but I see you do — come | with me to Fcarsvoo.d — Mr Dangerfield I and I are bound for the -wedding— and be i convinced from S.r John's own lips. My shawl, if you please, Mr Dangerfield— Sir Deter that will be." j 3 To took the rich Parisian wrap and folded it gallantly round her slim shoul- ! ders. Gaston Dantree still stood utterly con founded—a biank feeilrig of rage, and fury.' and -despair choking the passion ate words he would have said. She look ed at" him, ' and laughed again: "Hon Dieu! he is like an incarnate thundercloud— black and ferocious as a Levantine pirate, or an Alpine brigand. Cheer up, men ami. "We won't take your bride from you — only her fortune; and what are a few thousand a year, mora or less, to such a devoted lover as you? And she would go with you to beggary. It make" a hardened- woman of the work1, like myself, absolutely- young again to see suoli gushing and beautiful devotion. I rather thought romance had gone out of fashion in this year of grace, and that it was only at Covent Garden we heard of 'two souls with but a single thought — two hearts that beat as one.' But I have found out my mistake, and think better of the world since I have known you. My bonnet, Mr Danger- field. Thanks. Now, then, messieurs— forward! march! I am entirely at your, sc-rvice." She took Peter Dangerfield's arm, look ing backward over her shoulder at the marble figure of the bridegroom, like the smiling vixen she was. "Come, Gaston, mon brave," she said;' "though you lose an heiress, you need not lose a bride. We will he but a few minutes late after all. Come!— away!" She ran lightly down the stairs, hum ming, with a face of malicious delight. "Haste to the wedding!" The hour for which she had hungered and thirsted for years and years had come — the hour of her vengeance. "Re venge is sweet — particularly to a wo- wan," singeth my Lord Byron, and he had hit truth as well as poetry when he said it. A man sometimes spares his enemy— a woman will forgive a man seventy times seven, but one woman j will spare another— never! | Gaston Dantree followed. His lips j were set in an expression no one who 1 beheld him that night had ever seen be- | fore; his dark eyes were lurid with rage. dsappointment, and fury, his dusky, face savage and set. All his presenti ments were firifilled — more than fulfilled. At the worst, he had not dreamed of anything half so bad as this. He be lieved what he had heard; there was that in Mrs Vavasor's face and voice, with all their malice, that showed she spoke the truth. For the second time he had been foiled In the very hour of his triumph. A demoniacal rage filled hint against this woman, against the baronet, against Katherine, against himself. " What a dolt— what an ass I have been!" he muttered inaudibly, grinding his teeth; "what a laughing stock I shall be! But, by Heaven! if I am to lose a fortune, Katherine Dangerfield shall lose a husband. It's one thing to risk Newgate for an heiress, but I'll see all the portionless, adopted daughters thta side of the infernal regions at the bot tom of the bottomless pit, before I'll risk It for one of them!" And then Mr Dantree folded hi arms in sullen silence, and let things take their course. I-Ie knew the worst— he had put ills fate to the test, and lost if all. Nothing remained but to see the play played out, to pack His luggage, and at once seek fresh fields and pas tures new. The nigut was black as Erebus; the cold, cutting sleet .still beat, the wind still blew. The street lamps flared and flickered in the soughs of wind in the shops — lights twinkled pleasantly be hind closed blinds. Mrs Vavasor sat opposite him. muffled in her wraps— a demoniacal desire to pitch her headlong out of the carriage was strong upon Mr Dantree. "Little devil!" he thought, looking af her savagely under cover of the dark ness. "She knew it all along and waited for this melo-dramatlc climax. It'e your turn now, Mrs Vavasor; when the wheel revolves and mine comes, I'll re member tills dark night's work." Not one word was spoken until the lights of Searswood came in sight. Gas ton Dantree's heart was full of. passion-- ate bitterness, as the huge gate lamped hove in view." And to-morrow all "thin might have been his. "Curse the luck!" he thought,. "1 might have known that old harridan. Fortune, could have nothing so good kr store for a stepson l!ke me." They whirled up under the frowning stone arch — up under the black, rocking trees. The whole long front of the old mansion was brilliant with illumination. The great portico en-trance stood, wide they saw squire Talbot and Captain De- vere come out with anxious faces;' they saw Miss Talbot in her White festal robes float down the black, oaken stairway. "All waiting for the bridegroom!" Mi Vavasor said, with her habitual short laugh. "Do you go forward, Mr Danger field, and relieve their anxiety. We fol low." " - ' '! Peter Dangerfield sprang up the stepg — never in all his life before half sonlmb ly. And Edith Talbot flitted forward to him, smiling, but with an anxloug quiver In her voice. ; _ ; " 'Oh, come ye in peace here, or corns ye in war, or to dance at our hrlda young Lord'Lochinvar?" Mr Danger field, where Is Mr Dantree?" "Mr Dantree is here." He spoke very quietly, but whit hid den delight gleamed !r Ms small nil# I', leyesl If they only knew! He stepped ; «n one side, and Gaston Dantree and Mrs 1%'. fraivaaof stood revealed. i L One glance at the bridegroom's face, aj:.i' -|M>d blank silence felL What had hap- paned? Surely never bridegroom, from £> lAdam down, wore so black and gloomy ft scowl on his weddlng-nlgbt! Edith !' Talbot recoiled with clasped hands; her | Brother and the captain of- dragoons | fitood looking at him aghast I' ' "By Jove, Dantree." the gallant cap- t . tain managed to stammer at last "you p 1 - .took awfully cut up, you know. What | , Che deuce Is the row? Don't you know |r , hou're behind time, man. and — I say, old | ; boy, I hope nothing serious Is the matter I - you know?" | . "Something serious is the matter," £ - IPeter Dangerfield made answer, gravely, for the gentleman addressed only scowl- i ed a little more blackly ; and we wish i to see Sir John Immediately. Miss Tal- hot, we axe going to the library; will i you tell my uncle to join us there? And If you can keep Katherlne out of the way for the next half-hour, perhaps it will be as well." He led the way to the library, his two Companions after him; Mr Dantree Btaljcing along like a spectre. The vast and spacious library was bril liantly lighted by a cluster of wax lights end the flicker of a dying fire. Shadows ' crouched darkly in the corners, and the bloody hand shone vividly on the es cutcheon over the mantelshelf. The long silken curtains were undrawn; out side. by a faint lighting in the northern sky, the tossing, wind- blown trees, the ' slanting sweep of the rain could be seen. Outside there was the uproar of the etorm; inside dead stillness remained. Peter Dangerfield took a seat deep In the shadow of the vast Maltese window, and looked round the lofty and noble ffoom as he had never looked before. The dark walls lined with books from celling to floor, the busts, the bronzes, the pictures, and the heavily-carved old furniture. One day all this would be his his — one day— one day! There was a luxurious easy-chair drawn up before the fire; into this Mrs iVavasor sank, throwing back her wrap. Mr Dantree stood near — his elbow on the mantelpiece — his dark, angry eyes fixed on the fire — his mouth set under his black moustache, stern and grim. There .was neither pity nor mercy in his heart for the girl who loved him. He had not been spared; why should he spare? He had never loved her — he hated her in this hour. So he waited — how long he never knew —full of silent, sullen fury, ail the more dangerous from this outward quiet. And then the door opened, and Sir John Dan gerfield came In. If he had not known before he entered, he knew the moment his eyes rested upon them, all that had hapepned. His secret was told — the woman had played him false. Peter Dangerfield knew all, and Gaston Dantree knew that Ka therlne was not his daughter. The mur der was out Sir John drew a long breath — absolute ly a breath of intense relief. He had dreaded this hour unutterably; he had Stooped to . deception, to falsehood, and bribery, for the first time in all his brave life, to avertit;and now that it had come he thanked Heaven. He could breathe freely and face his fellow-men again; he could hold his head erect among his peers once more. His great love had made him a coward; his life had been unmistakably miserable under the bur den of the secret he dared not tell. But another bad told it in spite of him; he was free. He flung back his head proudly, and Walked Into their midst with his Arm, soldierly step and stately bearing, and stood directly opposite Gaston Dantree. The Southerner lifted his gloomy eyes, end the gaze of the two men met — Steady, stern, unflinching. "You are late, Mr Dantree," the baro net said, coldly and briefly. "You pay your bride a poor compliment by keep ing her waiting on her bridal eve." "I greatly doubt, Sir John, whether there will be either bride or bridal to night Certainly, before Miss Danger- field — if there be any such person — be comes Mrs Dantree, you will clear up a little statement of Mrs Vavasor's. She tells us the young lady you have palmed Upon us as your daughter and heiress is \- — - Who is she. Sir John Danger- field?" The baronet turned his eyes for the first time upon the little figure in the arm-chair. "You have broken faith with me, Har riet Harm an. You took my money, and meant to betray me." "I took your money and meant to be tray you! Yes. I would not have for feited my revenge for three times the money." "I might have known It. Then you have told these two men — all?" . "I have told them nothing as yet, save Hie bare fact that Katherlne is not your daughter. Mr Dantree did me the hon or to disbelieve me. It Isn't for his In terest, you see, as it is for your nephew's to believe' It, so I brought them here fee relate the story In your presence. They can't very well refuse to credit It, then; and, as I still trust, the wedding IWill , -go on," with her most satirical Smile; "and as I don't wish to keep poor Hitle Xathle waiting any longer than is Absolutely necessary, I will begin at .. bboi Jf my memory fails me In any jminbr particular, Sir John, or if any of my statements are Incorrect, you will be good enough to set me right. Messieurs bsntree and Dangerfield, listen!" \- To be Continued. Iter . . 