AT BROKEN!^ENGAGEMENT.] "I will not give you back your letters/' said he. "But you have no right to'keep them," said I, "now that you are not engaged to me any longer, Mr Howard." ; "Oh, my dear," he answered, "you cannot have all the advantage. .You have jilied me, an<3 you can say what you please, and I c-an prove the truth by our correspondence. 1 always kept th.'j rougn draft of mine, and there's no law in the land to make.me give up my own letters." "Gentlemen don't talk of law: they think of honor," said I. "Ah, whatever you please. Miss Travis. I suppose the fact that my grandfather did not leave me his property has a good deal to do with things being as they are. Good-bye, Miss Travis." But I mupt have my letters back, and that.'night as I sat up in my bed I thought of the way to do it. B-'-n—I mean Mr Howard: he was Bon to me no longer—lived with Sally Gray's mother. Sally was a girl you could trust. She was a plain little tiling, with something the matter with her spine, but just as good as geld. I told her everything, and now I intended to tell hc-r the facts of the case and get lior to let me go into Ben's room while he was away and look for my leitene. 1 knew that Ben—I mean Mr Howard —was out by c-ight o'clock, :>nd at nine I tapped oa the basement window, aud Sally, who was making cherry pie, looked up and saw me and opened the door herself. And then and there I sat down and told her all about it and about the letters. "And I want you to help me to get them, Sally/ - I said. "Let me get into Mr Howard's room anfl take what belongs to me. And you will, won't you?" "It's a splendid idea/' said Sally. "You'll have to wait -until lunch i.i over and Miss .Peck and airs Jones go out. Then mother will lie down for a nap and Biddy will be getting thing? ready for dinner, and Sarah rubbing the forks and glasses. I'll get the pass key—of course we have one for every room. Xow, do stay for lunch, darling?" And cold shivers ran up my back when Sally unlocked the door and we were really in the room—his room. "L suppose he keeps his letters in his desk," said she. "I know he doesn't put them in his trunk, but this key unlocks all the drawers and desks in the house. We keep it to lend the lodgers when they' lose their key-rings. Now, I shall lock you in and come foi* you in an hour." I drew a chair to the desk, .sat down, aud turned the key in the lock. There was nothing inside but some noiepaper, and a little package of foolscap, and pens, and inkstand, and a blotting pad, I shut the desk and looked in the drawer. There was a cigar box. ' Oh, dear," I thought, "where can I look now?"' And I was about to try my Ic y on the drawers, when I heard the street door open and shut and feet ascend the stairs. - Then a key rattled in the iock, and I did ihe only possible -thing to avoid discovery—at least for a moment. There was a wardrobe cupboard with curtains before It. I ran towards it and İ stood bolt upright in the Comer as Ben j —1 mean Mr Howard—entered, followed by another man. They shut the door and sat down. They lighted their pipes. "Ben." said the strange person, "you are not looking- well." "I'm feeling wretchedly." said Mr Howard. "I wouldn't tell another fellow. but I believe my heart is broken— there, don't laugh. You see that photograph on the mantelpiece? ^We were engaged to each other," said Beu, "and I loved her better than my life, and I thought she was very fond of me. But you know my grandfather cut me out of his will, and tlion a rich fellow began to call upon lier, and she picked a quarrel with me — that's all. She's a mercenary little wretch, but I—I am a feol, Henry. I love her still. I shall lceop her photograph all my life—and hc-r letters to read and kiss. I would not give them up." . i "Stuff and nonsense!"' said this Mr Henry—heartless brute'.. "You'll find a better girl in no time." "There is but one woman in the woild for me," said Ben. "There, now. I'm done. You know my trouble, ril hide it from the world, and you will never spoak of it to any one. I know." "You'll not have any trouble-in six months," said the horrible Mr Henry. "Now you'll come up and epend your holiday with me, won't you? I'll just Step out and buy those tilings for my wife, and you. pack up what you need and meet me at the station." Then 1-Ienry walked away, and Ben— yes, Ben, my poor 13en—took a bundle OL letters from his bosom and kissed them, and took down my photograph and kissed that, and then. , having pulled a bag from the corner, he walked straight to the wardrobe and drew the curtain back. The next moment he was- staring* at mo and I at him. . "Is it her ghost ?" I heard him mutter; and I—well, there I was. It was not a situation to impart dignity. "'It is only me hi the flesh, Ben."- I said. "I wish I -"was" a v ghost, so thfif 1 could vanish. And now you can bosst all your life, if you like. . And I will say something/ Firstly, I- did not care about your grandfather's horrid money. Secondly. I—I—only meant to tiff a little—not to-break off; only to frighten you. Thirdly. I—I—oh. I've round out that you really and truly love me, Ben, and though i L is broken off—I —1 want to know—I used to love' you very much—and 1 couldn't be going to n-.M-'iy old Mr Javcrill. because tie is engag"?d to my aunt Ophelia, and he riever wanted inv-. J came to get my letters, but you may keep them. I—I've misunderstood you, and though we part f'ir ever, forgive me, Ben." And Sally was my bridesmaid when I married, and is to-day my dearest friend, and the only one who knows how Ben. and I came to make up our quarrel. —Jane Summers in "The ITolks-at- TT.ome/' 