THE GREAT FIRE. CORONER.'S INQUIRY INTO V THE CAUSE. ORIGIN STILL A MYSTERY. The inquiry into the cause and origin of the disastrous lire at Messrs. Cruig, Williamson and Thomas's establishment in Elizabeth-street on 21st November last, in volving the destruction of several other ad- jacent buildings, was opened at the Morgue yesterday morning belorc the City Coroner, Mr. Candler, and a jury of seven. . The jury was constituted ns follows: — Charles Allen Champion, hotel munnger, 40 Bwniiston-slreet; George Bruce, ware houseman. 264 Flinclcrs-lane; Charles Jeff ries, hoot manufacturer, H7 Swanston- strect; Frank t?. Whitehead, stationer, 238 Co|Iins-slrecl; William Morgan, manufac turer, GO Swanston-strcet; Hugh Joseph M'Cann, hair dresser, 4S Swanston-strcct; and James Ogier, warehouse manager, 254 Collins-street. Mr. Jeffries was chosen foreman. - Mr. W. S. Giimelt, of Hie Crown Law department, was present to conduct the proceedings 011 behalf of tho Crown; Mr. J. Anderson watched the . proceedings 011 he- half oE the l-'ire Brigades' Board, and Sub- Inspector Billiard acted in a similar capa city for the police. As soon as they were sworn in the mem bers of the. jury,, with the Coroner and others interested, proceeded to Hie scene, of the lire for the purpose of making an ¦in spection. ' . Constable William Henry Bowdcn was the lirst witness called. Ho said lie was on duly in Elizabeth-street oil the night in question, und first noticed the . tiro coming from Craig, Williamson's nt 2.16 11.111. He looked in nnd saw the fire raging in or near a cash ileHk 011 the ground Hoor. lie could see 110 lire above. , in answer to Air. Jeffries, witricss said lie climbed up on tlie window to the' south of the main entrance. Frederick Williams, architect, produced plans of the premises of Craig, Williamson and Thomas. 14c said that a wail in the centre of the building was supposed lo bo fireproof. ..... Constable William intzgcrald said lie was on duty in Flinders-street 011 the night of Hie fire. He was in compiuiy witli Con stable Bowdcn, and saw tlie lire at the same time that he did. When lie looked he only noticed Hie lire in the cash desk; If the lire had. broken out earlier Hum 2.10 11.111. he would have noticed it. When lie saw the fire it looked as if it was just com mencing. A few minutes after I10 noticed the fire the windows blew out from the heat of the flames. The lire brigade ar rived about five minutes after tlie alarm was given. Constable Christopher Coleman stated that lie was standing at the corner of Flin ders and Elizabeth streets at 2. 15 a.m. 011 the night of the fire, when he noticed the Names blazing behind Hie wjndow near AVise's building. it looked as if the lire was just commencing- lie passed the build ing at 1.15 a.m., and there was no sign ot fire then. Constable Michael I'iggott said lie was coming in from South A: ami, arid when ho was at St. Haul's Cathedral, at 2.20 a.m., lie first noticed smoke, ilc ran down towards Hie fire, ami when lie got there he saw the southern portion of the ground floor ablaze. Roderick M'Lcan, employed by Craig, AVilliamsoii nnd Thomas, said it was his duly to lock up the premises. At 2.15 011 SaLurday afternoon lie went carefully over the whole building, anil saw 110 sign of lire. The only fire there hud been in the building that day was in Hie tailors' slove oil the sixth floor, and that was thoroughly extin guished before he locked up. He also turned off the gas at. the meter. Air. Anderson: T am told Unit about a week before there' laid been a slight lire on your premises. Is thai correct? Witness: No; quite incorrect. The Coroner: Aviis there any dissatisfac tion, so far as you know, 011 Hie part of tho eumloyes? AVitucss: None Hint T know of. Did you light a cigar as you were leaving tlie building? — No. There is a strict rulo against that. What is your theory of the fire? — I iiavc thought the matter out, but I can't arrive at any explanation.- - A' on have 110 reason to suppose that the place was wilfully set 011 fire? — No. Every door and window in Hie place was closed. f anyone bad been so disposed, caii you say how they, could have sot fire- to the place?— No. It is a mystery to- mc. There wns 110 material 011 tlie premises Hint could have ignited spontaneously. The only living thing on the premises, besides a few l-als, was a cat. James Hartley,' employed by Messrs. : Craig, AY illiamson nnd Thomas, said he was engaged 111 the entering room, and saw everything safe when lie left the building with the last witness. James Slianil, another employe, said lie had to go up in the lift and close all tho windows and iron (loors on the fifth floor and then report to Mr. M'Lcan. This he (lid 011 the day before tlie (ire; f-iimuel Rayuhiiin gave similar evidence, and several other employes were called to testify that everything wiis perfectly ' safe when they left on tho Saturday afternoon. AVilliani Edward James Craig, 11 member of the firm of Craig, AA'iHiamson and Thomas, said there were four sets of keys to the entrance door. He hud one, the watch house had one, anil the two lookers (M'Lcan and Hull) had the other two. He liad 110 reason to believe that anyone set fire to the premises. There was no ill-will 011 the part of the employes towards the management. The only fire there had been in the premises before was some 12 niontlis previously, when Hie wadding in tho lift became ignited, but tbat was put out imme diately. The Coroner: Have you any idea how Hie fire could have occurred? AAritness: I haven't the slightest idea. 'Hie one unlikely part of the building in which a fire would occur seems to hitve been this one? — 'That is so. Have you suffered any loss by this fire? — A'l-s. The stock anil buildings were not fully insured. Were your hooks all destroyed?— No. Have you made your application to the in surance companies?— It is in preparation now. Ralph Hall, a locker of tho establishment, said lie had one set of keys, and tliese never left his possession 011 20th November. Pierre Chamlioissier, ladies' hair dresser, said lie was in Flindcrsjanc about 10 o'clofck on the Saturday night, when lie saw a man dressed in a top hat and frock coat hurry down the lane at lhe back of Craig, AA'iliiam- son's. Just prior to that lie heard a door shut and lock. Ho could not say where the man came from. He might have come from the Duke of Rothsay Hotel. Ariolet Selby said she was Hie cashier nt Craig, Williamson's, and had charge of tlie cash desk. There were 110 matches or rub bish in the desk. Constable Stewart, froiu Hie watch house, proved that the set of the keys were secure 111 the watch house on the night of the fire. - David John Stein, chief officer of the (ire brigade, said the lirat alarm was re ceived at 2.20 a.m. He asked the man on the look out tower if lie could see any fire and lie said "No." A minute later lie- re ported that smoke was rising from tlie direction of Craig, AVilliamsoii's. lie left for the fire on tlie first steam engine. lie, arrived at 2.26 a.m., and found the front iilid- southern portion of the building on lire from top to bottom. He did not see imy lelicctioii till be got into Collins-street. AA'licn lie arrived it was impossible to toll where the fire originated. Tho southern pm-tioii _ was all ablaze, but there was no sign of fire in the northern portion. He ex amined Hie premises after Hie lire for any clue that might exist ns to the origin, hiit Hie building was so completely destroyed that it was impossible to tell. It did not fol low that because the constables oiffy saw the lire in- the ground fioor that it origi nated there. It was probable that it origi nated on an upper story, and tiie burning materials dropped down llie lift hole and staircases. It was also probable that the fire was. burning for hours before it was noticed. It was quite possible Hint the fire bail been smouldering since Hie premises were locked up. This xvas the more likely if it originated among woollen goods. To the Coroner: The probability was that the fire originated 011 the toil of the build ing and thoroughly heated the whole place before it broke out. Mr. Gnriictt: A witness will swear that lie saw the fire on the top story of the northern portion at 2 o'clock. What do you say to that? AVitncss: 1 think lie was mistaken. If he saw it there tlie place must have been set on fire, or there must have been two fires simultaneously. To the Coroner j The extension of the' fire to Hie other buildings was the immediate re sult uf Hie fire at Craig, AVilliamsoii's. AVitncss (addressing tlie Coroner: 1 would like you to inquire into tlie causes which set fire to these other buildings, so Hint 1 might vindicate the conduct of the fire brigade in some small degree. The Coroner: I have 110 doubt; but this is not the tribunal. My powers are strictly limited to the cause anil origin of the fire aL Craig, Williamson and Thomas's. J11 answer to Air. Jeffries, witness said tlie fire brigade never had "the ghost of n show" to save the building from tlie mo ment it nrrived. Deputy Chief Officer O'Brien said lie ar rived at -the lire at- 2.22 a.m., and the build ing was then ablaze from. lop lo bottom. District Superintendent Hayden testified lo Iiis inability to break through the door at tlie hack of the building owing to the iron shutter being there. Fireman Luwson stated Hint lie was on tlie look out tower, nnd up to 2.5 a.m. lie did not sec any sign of the fire. Fireman Mceks, who relieved Hie last wit ness ut 2.5 a.m., said lie did not see any thing showing until 2.21 11.111. lie was asked lo look lor fire nt 2.20 11.111., but could see nothing. A minute after ho saw smoke ris ing. There was a tell-tale clock in the tower, which Hie look out man luid to touch every quarter of 1111 hour. Alexander Mnrgrcls, oyster saloon keeper in t'linders-strcel, gave evidence as to his seeing the fire from the back of Iiis pre mises at 2 a.111. The lire was behind a win dow on tlie sixth story in tlie northern por tion. He went upstairs to get a 1 letter view, Vlicn the lire seemed to have disap peared. Then he went on cleaning out his shop. Sergeant Detective AVtu-il said lie had in quired into the cause and origin of the fire, lie bad examined about four times as nuiny wilnesses as hud given evidence, and he had found nothing to induce him to suspect that the fire was tiie work of rin incen diary. Lucas Anpelo, assistant to Margrets, cor roborated his employer's evidence. This concluded -the evidence. The Coroner, -in slimming up, said there was 110 reason to suspect that anyone en tered the building witli burglarious or in-' ceiidinry intent. He was iiiclincd to agree with, the 'theory of Mr. Stein Hint the (ire :did;!!pt originate in the part, of the, building avliei-e.it' was first seen, amTlit also. believed it Kud'beeiV .sriiorildering for sfevor'al. hours. He 'regretted - exceedingly ' HiiVt- tlie'- 'inquiry should riot have included the extension of tlie fire, provisions for . its extinction,- tlie look-out luatler, party walls, heights of buildings anil similar matters. Ali these were matters of vast "importance to the city, but in framing the Coroners Act tlie Legislature did not contemplate a coroner being called on to inquire into a fire of this sort. Tlie coroner's duly ceased after lie laid disco vered or failed to discover Hie cause of the lire. His jurisdiction was purely of a crimi nal character. After a few minutes' deliberation the jury found: — "That a fire did take place nt Messrs. Craig, AVillinmson and Thomas's 01V Hie morning of 21st November, and that Micro is no evidence to show how tho same occurred." 