AND TIIHE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. [Aut RiontrS llrESItSVEDo. BOOK I.--THE CRIME. (The Story according to Mr. Thomas Tennant.) CHAPT ER 1. THE OPEN DOOR. I ran dlown to Brighton for the Sun day. 1Mly wife's cousin, George Baxen dale, was stopping there. with the Coopers. The wife ant I were both to have gone. But our little Minna was very queer-feverish cold, or somc thing-and Lucy did not like to leave her with the nurse. So 1 went down alone. It was a fine (lday for November. We drove over to Bramber-Jack Cooper and his wife, Baxendale, and 1. When we got b)ack to Regency Square it was pretty late. I was to go back by the 8.40. When we had dined I lhad to make quite a rush to catch the train. Jack and George both came up to see me off. As the Pullman carriages all seemed full, 1 got into the compart ment of an ordinary h'rst- class car riage. "You'll be better in there," said Jack. "You'll have it to yourself." 1 did, till just as the train was off. When the train had actually started, a woman came hurrying up the platform. A porter throw open the door of my carriage, and she got in. I let her have the seat by the door through which she had entered. I went to the other end of the compartment. 1 did not feel too much obliged to the porter who had shown her in. Although it was not a smoking carriage, as I had expected to have had it to myself, I had intended to smoke all the way to town. In fact, I was smoking at that moment. I hardly knew what to do. The train did not stop till it reached Victoria. There would be no oppor tunity or changing carriages. I did not relish the idea of not smoking, while 1 scarcely knew if I might ven ture to ask permission to smoke of the new-comer. I made up my mind that I would. I had only just lighted a cigar. I had not looked at her as she came up the platform, to notice what kind of person she was. 1 had been too much en gaged with Jack and George. I turned to her, raising my hat as I did so. "Mlay I ask if you object to- " I had got so far; but I got no far ther. She looked at me, and, as she did so, and I saw her face clearly, and met her eyes, my blood went cold in my veins. The woman at the other end of the carriage was either Nelly, or Nelly's ghost. If she was her ghost, then she was the most substantial ghost I had ever heard of. And yet I had to stare at her for some moments in stupified silence before I could believe that she was not a ghost. Before I could believe that she was genuine flesh and blood. She struck me as beipg as much sur prised at seeing me as I was at seeing hter-and, at first at any rate, not much better pleased. We stared at each other as if we were moonstruck. She was the first to find her voice she always was quicker, in every sense of the word, than I am. "Tom!" she said. Then gave a sort of gasp. "Nelly!" It was all I could do to get her name to pass my lips. I am not going to enter into details as to what I said to her, and as to what she said to me. Nothing pleasant was said on either side. When a man meets a woman, even after a separa tion of seven years and more, who has wronged him as Ellen Howth, as he was named when I first knew her, had wronged me, he is not likely to greet her with sugared phrases, especially when he has had every reason to sup pose that his prayers have been an swered, and that she is dead. When I saw that she had tricked me for the thousand-and-first time, and that she was not dead, as I have written, my blood went cold. When it warmed, it was not with love for her. We quarrelled, as we had done many and many a time before. She had been drinking. She was always lad enough whien sober; when not sober she was infinitely worse. Every moment I ex plected her to assail me with personal violence. She threatened to, over and over again. I feared that there would bIe some outrageous scene in the rail way carriage. Fearing this, and the scandal which such a thing would necessarily entail, I formed a wild resolution. I determined that, even while the train continued to fly through the air, I would leave the com paIrtment in whichl she was, and at any and every risk seek refuge in an ad joining one. The resolution was no sooner forme:l than J proceeded to put it into execu tion. There was no necessity to lower the winidow; the handtle was inside the carriage. Turning the handle, I rose from my seat. Wihether she mis took or designed to frustrate my putr pose, I cannot say. No sooner did I rise than she came rushing at me. The violence of her assault took me by sm'urprise. The handle escaping friom my grasp, the door swung back upon its iinges. She had me by the shoulders. I endeavoured to wrest my self friee. There was a struggle. In the strutggle, unconsciously certainly t3 me, we must have treversed our posi tions, because, suddenly loosing hIer grasp of me, before I had the faintest suspicion of what was about to happen, she had fallen backwards throughl the open carriage dloor, out into the night, and the train was going at express spleed to town. It was some moments before I realised what had actually occurred. When I did do so, I sat down on the seat in a sort of stupor. I was aroused from it by the hanging of the carriage door. It was being swung backwam'lds and forwards by the momentum of the train. I shut it, almost mechani Scally; as I did so I noticed that tihe r ,ss was shattered. It might have been broken by the banging of the door, or she might have broken it by clutch at something. What was I to do? My eyen wandered to the alarm bell. Should I ring it and stop the train? To what purpose? She might not be dead. In deed, the probabilities were that she was, at least, not quite dead. In such a case I knew her well enough to be aware that nothing was more likely than that she would at once denounce me as her attempted murderer. Then in what a plight I should be! To the best of my knowledge and belief she had brought her fate upon herself. I had nothing to do with it. Un doubtedly, I had not opened the door to hurl her through. It is easy enough after- the event to say that at all hazards 1 ought at once to have stopped the train, and explained what had occurred. I should have done so had I been able to foresee the events wNhich followed. I should have been willing to have given a great deal to have saved myself from bearing what I actually have borne. But, at the mo meut, I foresaw nothing. My wits were woolgathering. I was confronted by the thought that. in face of her alle gations of my guilt, my protestations of innocence might avail but little. I had suffered too much on her account already to have any desire to suffer more. As I sat there thinking, something struck nme a severe blow in the face. It was a piece of glass from the broken window which had been loosened, and which had been forced out of its place by the pressure of the wind. 1 lowered the window lest the remain ing fragments should also be driven from their places. The sharp edge of the piece of glass had come into con tact with my cheek. It had cut me to the bone. I put up my handkerchief to stop the bleeding. As I did so I noticed that my overcoat seemed to have been torn open in the struggle; the top button appeared to be missing. The blood flowed freely from the open wound. 'The piece of glass seemed to have cut me like a knife. My handkerchief was quite inadequate to stop the flow. It was becoming soaked with blood. While I was wondering what I should do if the bleeding (lid not shortly cease, the train drew up at Victoria. The distance between Brighton and town had never before seemed to me to be so short. 