A BROKEN ENCAGEMENT. "I will not give you back our letters," said he. "But you have no right t keep them," said I, "now that you are ot engaged to me any longer, Mr Howa d." "Oh, my dear," he ans red, "you cannot have all the ad tage. You have jilted me, and you cal say what you please, and I can prov4 the truth by our correspondence. I always kept the rough draft of mine, and there's no law in the land to make me give up my own letters." "Gentlemen don't talk of aw; they think of honor," said I. "Ah, whatever you please, Riss Tra vis. I suppose the fact thaty grand father did not leave me his p'erty has a good deal to do with thin being as they are. Gooil-bye, Miss Trayls.' But I must have my letters back. and tlhat night as I sat up in my bed I thoughlt of the way to do it. Ben-I mean Mr Howard; he was Ben to me no longer-lived with Sally Gray's mother. Sally was a girl you could trust. Sh~ was a plain little thing, with something the matter withb: her spine, but just as good as gold. I told her everything, and now I intended to tell her the facts of the case and get her to let me go into Ben's room while he'was away and look for my letters. 1-knew that Ben--I mean Mr IIoward \--was out by eight o'clock, and at nine I tapped on the bssca~ent- window, and Sally, who was malking cherry ple,. look ed up and saw me and opened the door herself. And then and there r -at down :usd told her all about it and about the let ters. "And'I want you to help me to get them, Sally," I said. "Let me get into JMr Howard's room and take what be longs tb me. And you will, won't you?" "It's a splendid idea," said Sally. "You'll have to wait until lunch is over and Miss Peck and Mrs Jones go out. Then mother will lie down for a nap and Biddy will be getting things ready for dinner, and Sarah rubbing the forks and glasses. I'll get the lpss key-of course we have one for every room. Now, do stay for .lunch, dar ling?" And cold shivers ran up my back when Sally unlocked the door and,:we were really in the room--his room. - "1 suppose he keeps his letters in his desk," said she, "I know he doesn't put them in his trunk, but this key unlocks all the drawers and desks in the house.. Wre keep it to lend the lodgers when they lose their key-rings. Now, I shall lock you in and come for you in an hour." I drew a chair to the desk, sat down, :and turned the key in the lock. '`There?wass,nothins, nside,. but. gOat notepaper,'and a little package of 1 dap; and Iiens, and inkstand, bnd a ting pad. I shut the desk and looked in drawer. There was a cigar box. "Oh, dear," I thought, "where can I look now?" And I was about to try my key on the drawers, when I heard the street door open and shut and feet as cend the stairs. Then a key rattled in the lock, and,l did the only possible thing to avoid die, covery-at least for a moment. There was a wardrobe cupboard with curtains before it. I ran towards it and stood bolt upright in the corner as Ben -I mean Mir Howard-entered, followed by another man. They shut the door and sat down. They, lighted their pipes. "Ben," said the strange person, "yo are not looking well." "I'm feeling wretchedly," said Mir IHoward. "I wouldn't tell another fel low, but I believe my heart is broken there, don't laugh. You see that photo graph on the mantelpiece? We were engaged to each other," said Ben, "and I loved her better than my life, and I thought she was-very fond of me.- But you know my grandfather cut me out of his will, and then a rich fellow be gan to call upon her, and she picked a quarrel with me - that's all.- Sile's a mercenary little wretch, but I-I am :s fool, Henry. I love her still. I shall keep-her photograph all my life--and her letters to read and kiss. I would not give them up." "Stuff and nonsense!" said this Mr Henry--heartless brute! "You'll find a better girl in no time." -"There is but one woman in th" world for me," said Ben. "There, now. I'm done. You know my trouble. I'll hide it from the world, and you will never speak of it to any one, I know." -"You'll not have any trouble in six months," said the horrible Air Henry. "Now you'll come up and spend your holiday with me, won't you? I'll just step out and buy those things for my wife, and you pack up what you need and meet me at the station." Then Henry walked away, and B:, yes, Ben,.my poor Ben-took a bunj of letters from his bosom and k?l them,- and. took q?a 'A:-e rv,;,t I~Rt-rom the corner, he \rwlk straight to the wardrobe and drew the curtain back. The next moment lie was staring at meoand I at him. "Is it her ghost?" I heard him mutter; and I-well, there I was. It was not a situation to impart dignity. "It is only me in the flesh, Ben," I said. "I wish I was a ghost, so that I could vanish. And now you can boast all your life; if you like. And I -ill say something. Firstly, I did not care about your grandfather's horrid money, Secondly, I-I- only meant to tic a little-not to break off; only to frighten you. Thirdly, I-I-oh,. iL've found out that you really and truly love me. Ben, and though It is broken off-I -I want to know-I used to love you very much-and I couldn't,be going to marry old Mir Javerill, because he is en gaged to my aunt Ophelia, and he never wanted me. I came to get my letters, but you may keep them.. I-- I've miisun derstood you, and though we pailt :?for ever, forgive me, Ben." And Sally was my bridesmaid shin-I married, and Is to-day my dearest friend, and the only one who knows how Ben and I came to make up our quarrel. -Jani Summers in "The Folks-at Hofmte"ai~ 