CONGREGATIONAL UNION. THE ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meetings ot the Congregational Union and Home Mission commenced at Stow Church on Monday evening. Tea waa served in the Bohookoom, after whioh the congrega tion assembled to hear the chairman's address. J)r. Jefferis (the retiring president} oooupied the chair. After devotional exercises, led by the Rev. J. C. Kirby, Dr. Jefferis introduced the obairman-elect, the Rev. W. Penry Jones, of Kose Park. In doing bo he referred to tbe work he had been able to accomplish, and wished for his successor a pleasant and profit able year of office. The new chairman, he Baid, iiad gained a high place in the estimation o£ 'his fellow-ministers for his quiet and earnest Christian life and by his intense spirituality. For nine years past bis ministry in the colony had won for him the respect and love of all classes, and declared him in every way worthy of the high position in the de nomination to which he had attained. The Rev. W. P. Jones, who took as his sub ject 'Our Age and the Christ,' said that one . of the features whiob served to indicate the attitude of tho age towards Christ was tbe vast interest felt in His life upon the earth. This interest had led to the consecration of the ripestscholarship, the most reverent piety, and the keenest intelligence to the task of investi gating the facts and surrounding conditions of the Saviour's earthly course. Tho pre sent age had emerged from the doubt and uncertainty that faced former genera tions as to the historicity of Christ. There was now no doubt thrown upon His his torical character. This had been admitted as one of the great facts of history. The historical Christ had been challenged and subjected to the closest scrutiny by friend and foe, aud in stead of the gospel being found to be a beau tiful legend, a delightful myth, a cunningly devised fable, or the product of the brains and spirit of eaailv-duped and visionary men it had vindicated its right by every just canon of criticism to be regarded as history. Tho fuller knowledge which the Western mind now possessed of the customs and usages of Eastern life had largely contributed to the better understanding of Christ. The trend in the theological department of thought was to interpret everything in the light of Christ's spirit and teaching, and tho Master's place in theological works was growing larger and larger. So jealous were some writers of the supremacy of Christ in the domain of Christian truth that some parts of the teaching of even the apostles which they considered to come into conflict with His teaching were swept away. Whether any part of the teach ing of the apostles was in conflict with that of Christ was a subject that had not by any means been made clear yet and the final word was evidently very far off. It was in the light of Christ's words that every truth was examined, it was by His spirit that every doctrine was interpreted, by His humanity that , the life and work of the churches were estimated. Were these in accord with Christ's? Then let them stand. Were they opposed ? Then sweep them away. Re ferring to the attitude of the masses outside tho churches towards Christ Mr. Jones said that while they were somewhat hostile to the churches they believed in Christ, It was difficult to define the term 'Socialism' so frequently and so loosely used. Some meant by it bo radical and revolutionary a change as to upset all existing order and to in- troduce something like anarchy. Others meant a movement which aimed at tho reorganisation of the social, industrial, and commercial forces in the direction of juster and more humane conditions for the masses. With tho latter few would be found to quarrel, but tho former aroused the keenest opposi tion and tho fighting spirit of all who had been described as having a " stake in the country.' It was impossible to avoid a con- viction that there was among the masses out- side the churches a deep and genuine belief in Christ as a promoter of the spirit of humanity and equity among men, and as the embodi ment of brotherhood in the world. There was a time— not so long ago— when people spoke with bated breath about the unseen, tho supernatural, and especially the miraculous, but in some of the most recent contributions to the discussion of Biblical subjects a different spirit was ob served. It would he misleading to state that the devotion to and tho study of Christ were wholly responsible for the change, but this was one of the reasons. One of the most re- markable features of the life of Christ was the unquestioning certainty with which He taught about God, about sin, about the soul, and about the unseen world, and His relation ' to all this. There was no doubt, no halting, as if a shadow rested upon His mind respecting them, but a strong conviction born of know- ledge that what he taught relates to the uni versal God, and that they bear a vital relation to the spiritual nature of man. In closing, he observed that there were changes taking place in many aspects of church life, and in tho way of looking at many truths of the Christian faith; and the indications of the present pointed to many more in the future. Some of these were causes of anxiety ; but with respect to the chances that closer contact with Christ would bring to pass they had sufficient faith to say— The changes that will surely come We do not fear to see. Tho Rev. Joseph Robehtson proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the chairman for his admirable aud timely address. This was seconded by the Rev. George Rayner and ; carried unanimously. During the evening the Rose Park choir, under the conductorship of Mr. W. Dale, rendered tho antlieins ' Break forth into joy' and 'I will feed my flock,' the solos being; takou by Mi83 A. £i. Barlow and Mr. W. U. | Barlow. Mr. W. H. Broadbent presided at the organ. The annual meetings of the Congrc-gational Union and Home Mission were continued at the Stow guildrsom on Tuesda3', commencing j with a dovotiona! meeting led by Dr. JefFeris, after which the president, the Rev. \V. Penry Jones, took the chair. On the motion of the Rev. F. W. Cox, seconded by Rev. C. IIaktuoupe, Dr. JefferiB was thanked for his valuable services to the Union during the patst year. Dr. Jefitkius j gracefully acknowledged the compliment, and stated that lie would like to see a more definite organic union of the denomination. A resolution expressing sympathy with the Rev. B. Dorman in his serious illness was passed on the motion of tbe Rev. J. Robert son, seconded by Dr. Jefferis. The Kev. T. Hope, corresponding secre tary, submitted the annual report of the exe cutive committee, which stated inter alia : — During tbe year some of tbe brethren elected by (lie council to serve oil the committee have resigned. Mr. John Tusker notified his inability to take his seat on the committee and Mr. W. Whitchill, & member of Stow Church, was elected in his stead. More re cently your committee received the resignations of the Rev. M. Johnson, and Mr. O. J. Holder, the former on account of his distance from the city, the Jotter owing to illhealth ; but as both of these resig nations were received Into in the year it was not deemed necessary to fill the vacancies. A tetter of sympathy was forwarded to Mr. Holder and the hope w«s expressed .that he would, speedily be restored to health and again lake his seat on the committee to give us tbe benefit of liis counsel as heretofore. It may be mentioned as a pleasing sign of progress that o site has been purchased for the New l'arkside Clmrch, for the erection of a new church at Unley, and efforts arc being made to obtain the necessary funOs for the new building, which is (.'reatly needed. At Hcnlty Beach the largo' increase in the popula tion during itftfASl 4v, u yc»w lias necessitated an en largement of the ohuroh there, and consequently »n addition has been made, to the building, making It two-thirds longer. At Bordertown a convenient bouse has been purchased for a minister's resi dence.. Tho work on the Murray Flats baa been facilitated by the taking over ot a church at Towitta hitherto occupied by the Weeleyans, they having mado overtures to ua for the purchase of the building. Negotiations are now in progress, which will, we hope, result in scouring the property. HtA.fi. Austin nas been duly received ae a student of Camden College, and has entered upon a four years' course of study, dating from August last. Your committee has guaranteed £40 per annum for four years towards maintenance. In June last the Rev. W. S. Fernie resigned his charge at Maitlond, where he had successfully labored tor seven years, having accepted a call to the churoh at Coulenay -place, Wellington, New Zealand. We regret the removal of Mr. Fernie from amongst us, but wish him every success in his new sphere of labor. Xiie Rev. Martin Johnson, B.A., has been compelled to relinquish his charge of tbe church at Kilkenny owing to the difficulty of working it in connection with his church at Hamley Bridge. The Kev. J. W. Platt, II. A., after ministering for three years at College Park has resigned ; the church is now with out a pastor. We trust our friends at College Park may be divinely guided in the choice of a successor. The church at M.uang-h&viag; been without a settled pastor since the removal of the Kev. George Herding ton to West Australia invited Air. J. H. Furlong to minister to them for a period of six months, and at the expiration of that term gave him a call to the pas torate. Mr. Furlong has accepted the ca.l, and 1b now laboring there successfully. Mr. R. Y. Austin, vrho succeeded Ms brother Mr. A. Q. Austin, in Ure charge of the church and preaohing stations on the Murray Flats, has forwarded his resignation to the committee, as he is removing to Sydney in tbe hope oi preparing: himself to enter Camden College as a student for the ministry. Your committee bos ap pointed the Bev. D. McNaiighton to the charge of the Murray Flats stations tor three months. The church ot Kadlnn, upon tho removal of Mr. A. H. Austin to Camden College, Sydney, applied to your com mittee for help in securing a suitable pastor. The secretary o' the Union was requested to visit the church there, and to render such service as he might be able. This your secretary did, and the church was pleased to appoint him as its moderator, in whioh capacity he has continued to act At the present time the Rev. Cumberland Clark is supplying the pulpit with much general ncceptauce. The asso ciated churches of Maitland, Tiparra, and KilUerran, being left without a pastor owing to the removal of the Rev. W. S. Fernie to New Zealand, have united in giving a call to the Bcv. T. S. Williams, of Port j Victor. It is, however, with thankfulness we report that though some of our ministers have left us for other spheres of labor there has been no break in the ministerial ranks by death during the year. Mr. C. E. Hall presented the finance report, which showed that the grants which it hod been suggested should be reduced 25 per cent, all round had, owing to the generous response to a circular issued among tbe churches asking for extra support, been placed back on last year's basis. The income from all sources had bten £407 13s. lid. as against £3S2 13s. Od. last year, and the expenditure £315 16s. Sd. as against £385 10s. lOd. last year. The Rev. H. G. Nicholls took exception to Borne remarks of Mr. Tite referring to the miserable contributions of some of the large - churches to the funds of the Union. Mr. i Nicholls explained that his church (Clay- j ton) had just undertaken the responsibility of erectinp a large new organ, and that accounted for the smalluess of their donation j to the Union. The election of officers was as follows: — Chairman, Rev. J. Lloyd, of Wallaroo; i treasurer. Mr. J. M. Anderson ; correspond ing sacretary, Rev. Thomas Uope; miuute secretary, Mr. M. Burgess ; finance secretary, Mr. C. E. Hall ; reference committee, Hevs. , Dr. Jefferis and S. Lenton, and Mr. J. J. Virgo. It was resolved that a telegram be sent to Mr. Lloyd announcing the result of the election of chairman'. j At the afternoon session Dr. Jefferis pre- ! sided. | Mr. M. Bubgess submitted the report of the : chapel building society and property sub- i committee, which stated : — ! During the year ended September SO, 1897, loans to ! Kinduiarsh Church. £400; and Henley Beach Church, j £200 ; have been paid oS by maturing building society i shares. Shares held on behalf of Kadina and Mait- ? land churches have been surrendered, releasing £116 12s., and other loins have been reduced £85, in all £1,111 12s. New loans have been granted to Hind- . marsh-square, tSOO; to Bordertown, £420, for pur- | chase of manse; to Henley Beach, £150, for: enlargement of the building ; to Knoxvilte, £600, for discharge of existing debts ; and further advances i have been made to Medindie, College Park, New Pnrkside, and Eadina churches; total loans, £1,615 4s. 94 The capital of the society has increased £292 16s. lid., and now stands at £7,314 8s. 2cL, which is invested with 18 of our churches. Nearly £5,000 of it is on the building society method oi repayment, tbe only account not in course of reduction being Broken Hill, £1,031 15s. (td., which is not bringing in any j income, but of which the secretory writes that ! though unable to pay any interest they have looked : well after the property, and spent about £60 daring the last year in improvements. The College Park Church baa not paid anything during the year, under an arrangement previously mode. Messrs. J. II Anderson. M. Burgess, C. K. Hall, and J. J. Btuckey have been appointed sealholders of tho chapel building society. The church at Henley Beach has appointed the Congregational Union as its trustee. A similar course has been pursued with property recently purchased at Unley for the ereotion of a new church there. An offer has been made, and provisionally accepted, for the purchase from the Wesleyon bod} of a church at Towitta hitherto occupied by that denomination. Completion of the arrangement now awaits the sanction of the Wes leyoa authorities. The college funds are ?(ill deposited in the Savings Bank in a separate account. The only transaction has been the payment of the drat quarter's grant to Mr. A. H. Austin. The balance of the fund is now £181 fis. Id. After a somewhat extended discussion on the clause relating to the capital account, tho report was adopted, a proposition recommend ing the committee to write down the amount standing to the Broken Hill property by about fcSOU being lost. Mr. 11. M. Steele submitted the report of the ministers' provident fund, which showed that the subcommittee had found considerable difficulty iu getting safe securities foreomuof tho fu.ids Mr. S. B. Hunt presented tbe report of tho Lay Preachers' Association, which showed that its members had done good work during the year. Mr. J. J. Vibgo, who had been ap ]K-tuted, requested the ministers of the soveral churches to encourage the young men of their congregations who give promise of ability for this branch of work. The Revs. T. Kytb and C. Makthobpb spoke of valuable aid rendered to the church by the association. Mr. J. Vardon reported on tho work of tho sustentation fund committee. Owing to the inopportune times no systematic efforts had been made to raise the funds. It was hoped that something would be done in this direction shortly. The report was adopted, and the committee was requested to continue its labors. The Rev. J. Robeetson forwarded the report of the college sub-committee, which recommended that the work should be sus pended for the present in view of the decision reached on tbe failure to obtain authority to anticipate the coming to maturity of the Parkin fund. A grant of £40 had been made to Mr. A. H. Austin, who had been admitted to the Camden College. Adopted. Dr. Jeffebis gave a report of the Council of Churches, and spoke in terms highly compli mentary of the work done by tho organisation. The Revs. W. P. Jones, Dr. Jefforis, and S. Lentou, and Messrs. W. C. Buik, H. Savage, and W. H. Tite were appointed as representa tives for the coming year. Mr. C. N. Oollison read the report of tho Parkin trust which had been presented to the last half-yearly meeting. It showed that £616 3s. 9d. had been added to the capital acoount, which now stands at S23.3V2. The report was received and Mr. H. D. Gell was reappointed auditor. ? ' ? The following committees were appointed :— Council of reference— The Revs. Dr. Jofferis, F. W. Cox, C. Manthorpe, and \V. P.Jones, Messrs. 1L Sftvafi1^ W.-3: Buik, J. Vardon, aud M. Burgessi -Ministers' provident fuud arbitration board— Messrs. D.Bell, W. C. Buik, and W. H. Tite. Auditors— Moaws. H. D. Gell and W. E. Dullow. Executive committee — the Revs. J. Bobertedn, M.A., Dr. JefferiB, F.'W. Ooz,J. C. Kirby, G. Rayner, H. G. Nioheils, O. Manthorpe, W, Jones, C. Hodge, andS. Lenton, Messrs. W. Whitehill, J. J. Virgo, J, G. Jaokson, A. Maokie, G. Pliillips, T. Thompson: W. C. Buik, J. J. Stuokey, W. Hutley, J. Vardon, J. Pickering, F. W. Preece, L. Bailey, R. M. Steele, W. H. Tite, H. Savage, 8. B. Hunt, F: E. Cornish, C. E. Taplin, A. Palmer, T. Frost, T. Y. Morecombe, and A. E. Norman. In the evening the Rev. H. G. Nicholls pre sided over the meeting in the church, and the president (the Rev. W. P. Jones) took charge of the Communion service. The annual meetings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission were continued on Wednesday at the Stow guildroom, when there was a large attendance. The opening devotional servioe was led by the Rev. F. - W. Cox. The Rev. W. Penry Jones (chair man) took charge of the council meeting, which commenced at 11 o'clock. It was resolved that fraternal greetings be sent to the Congregational Union of West Australia, which commences its session next week. Dr. Jefferis read a paper on ' The organic union of our churches.' He said at the present time Congregationalism did not appear to be in harmony with the spirit of the age. This might or might not be a matter for congratula- tion. Even in democratic Australia the church which gave most power to its clergy was generally the most popular. Fifty years ago Congregationalism seemed to weild a greater power than at present ; then individualism was the dominant note of society, now organisation was the greatest force. The true philosophy of Christian life did not lie with either individualism or col lectivism—it was the golden mean which utilised the best forces of both. The New Testament did not enforce or teach any specific form of church government ; the Early Church was a great brotherhood, and it was democratic, but not it was 'cribbed, cabined, or confined.' The various Christian churches of to-day comprised four classes — Autocracy, Episcopacy, Presbyterianism, and Congrega tionalism. He held that Congregationalism needed to advance in the direction of organisa tion. The cardinal principle of their policy was — 1. That every self-supporting fellowship of Christian was a church of the Living God. 2. That the New Testament was the sole text book of Christian teaching. 3. That every church has the right to determine its own members and to elect its own minister, and 4\. That every church should administer its own discipline. These principles did not hinder the separate churches from entering into union with others. There should be a brother hood of churches just as there was of Christian souls. The union that already existed had given evidence of power and had assisted in bringing about some valuable reforms in State and Church and had been influential in the overthrow of abuses. Combination was re quired for the work at home, and was more emphatically necessary for the mission work in heathen lands. In matters of education they also needed united action. Why should they be compelled to send their children to the schools of other denominations? They had not yet founded a Congregational college. This should have been done 50 years ago. They ought also to have a training college for ministers. The duty of making suitable provision for the maintenance of the aged ministers could only be adequately discharged by means of organic union. He pleaded for a federal union of their churches, which should be created by enlarging the functions of the present Union. By this means local interest would remain untouched, while the general interest of the denomination would be secured. When they got this unity there would be no polity in Christendom so much in harmony with the spirit of the age as the Congregational Union. Only once in history had Congregationalism had the oppor tunity of doing anything on a large scale, and on that occasion it made New England and moulded the religious life of the United States. The Rev. J. C. Kirby said he was 'not a strong advocate of cohesive union. There was such a thing as idolatry of numbers. He thought that nobody had wielded a greater power in moulding the political institutions of the Australian colonies than their own church. He was of opinion that Dr. Jefferis's proposi tions would lead them in the direction of Presbyterianism. There might be some disad vantage connected with the present system, but if they would have freedom they must pay the cost and undertake the liabilities of freedom. The Rev. T. Hope spoke in terms of appre ciation of the paper read by Dr. Jefferis. The Rev. J. Robertson thought that while they stood for freedom it might be necessary to sacrifice some amount of freedom for tho sake of enlarging their power of exercising the freedom which was left them. The Rev. J. Chapman, of Port Pirie, was disappointed that no scheme had been evolved for consumating the union advocated. Tho Rev. G. Rayner said there was a danger in connection with training ministers of edu cating them beyond their brains. It was quite as possible to over-develop the mind as it was to over-develop the body. He was of opinion that there was too great a desire to get into harmony with the tendencies of the age. Almost every department of human progress owed its greatest victories to men and societies who have opposed tho tendencies of their own age. The Rev. J. W, Platt said they had heard a great deal about liberty — he wanted to know where it was and what was being done with it? He would rather see a church of 500 mem- bers who were intellectually strong than one of 50,000 members who were intellectual cowards, There was too much talk about what the fathers had done for them ; it was time they let tho fathers go and thought for themselves, He urged that every man who stood up in a Congregational pulpit should be free to ' teach what his heart, conscience, and intellect told him was the truth. They should stand for science and intellectual depth. The Rev. F. W. Cox also spoke. Dr. Jefferis, who was cordially thanked for his paper, said in reply that the intellec tual freedom for which Mr. Platt had con tended should be extended to the layman as well as the ministers. It would be monstrous if they allowed ministers to teach doctrines that their congregations dissented from.' He wanted to say to Mr. Kirby that his speech had led him to the conclusion that he was an anti- federalist both in Church and State. He had not advocated cohesive jurisdiction. The sole aim of his paper had been to appeal for a combination which would secure and not sacri fice liberty. At the afternoon gesBion the Rev. W. P. Jones again presided. Tho Rev. J. Llotd, president-elect, thanked the Union in a graceful speech for the honor they had conferred on him in appointing him to the office. The Rev. S. Lenton contributed a paper on 'Public worship.' He said the term worship cauie to them from the past loaded with a sense of cruelty and intolerance, as well as with some of the holiest aspirations of the human heart. Worship was not merely praise and fellowship, but consisted of tho spirit which made prayer and praise holy. Often it was silent in its highest form. There was a form of worship which all offered to some object or being; but the wunhip of which he spoke was the adoration of the spirit centred on the Living God, and was a duty and sometimes a delight. He deprecated the flippant, irreverent way in which some people conducted them selves in church before and after the service. The present trend was towards the human element in worship ; but he objected to the use of such terms as 'sky piloting' and 'other worldliness.' There was a tendency to be content if the public worship satisfied human needs, and they were confronted with the danger that their services should become little more than entertainments. He held that they might learn some valuable lessons from tho Anglican Church in the matter of. worship.. There a more reverent spirit pervaded the service than was found in their own church. The Rev. G. Rayner thought that the paper cast an aspersion on Congregational worship. He held that it was a healthy sign that , there was a tendency to go into tbe presence of God in a perfectly natural manner. Dr. Jefforis, the Rev. T. Kite, the Rev. O. Manthorpe, and others took part in the dis cussion. * Mr. Lenton was warmly thanked, and in reply said ho had no iuteiition or desire to cost any aspersion on their own services. Mr. J. J. Virgo introduced a discussion on 'The perils and safeguards of youth.' He regarded the perils as consisting of a super cilious apathy to spiritual things which was indicated in persistent absence from public worship. There was also the peril which at tended reading when unhealthy literature was resorted to ; then followed scepticism, and this was especially deadly when it was intro duced into popular religious instruction. One painful element of peril was the patrolling of the streets late at night by young girls and boys. Although the public conscience was being awakened in regard to the sub ject of gambling, this still formed one of the most deadly perils to the young. Turning to the safeguards of youth the speaker considered that these could be best spoured by proper parental training, by suitable efforts on the part of the church, by efficient Sunday- school teaching, by united action on the part of religious organisations for the suppression of the means which make some of the perils possible. He deprecated going to the Govern ment with petitions which they knew would not be acceeded to. But he could see no reason why the Church of Jesus Christ should not unite in such power as to enforce their de mands. A discussion followed and Mr. Virgo was thanked for his paper. PUBLIC MEETING. There waa a large attendance at tbe Stow Church on the occasion of the evening session. Tbe chairman of the Union presided, and the meeting was devoted to short speeches. After the annual report had been read by the Rev. T. Hope, the Rev. G. Rayneb spoke on ' Con gregationalism.' He said although they were all agreed that there ought to be continual progress, they were confronted by people who told them that the denomination was losing ground, power, and acumen. The ques tion naturally arose, how was the best progress to be obtained ?- Some there were who told them they needed to organise more efficiently. Others bade them look for loyally endowed men — men who could manipulate the machinery they already possessed to the best advantage. Another class of critics taught that all tho difficulties arose from the class distinctions of the rich and poor — the lettered and the unlearned. He deprecated class prejudice. He held that a noble man was of more value than a noble poem or picture, no matter to what class he belonged. He thought that the supreme need of the church was the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He did not mean by this a mere ripple, but an abiding flood. They must not be blinded to the fact that men may be taken up and swept forward by the mighty energy of the spirit of God. The Holy Spirit was able to fill every member of every church connected with the denomination. If they had a spacious, magnificent nature filled with the Holy Ghost there would bo splendid results. A poet cannot inspire him self. He sometimes waits helplessly for hours, days, maybe months, but by-and-by tbe afflatus descends upon him, and while satu rated with it he pens golden lines which be come the joy of a nation. The Christian man was equally helpless until the energy of God filled him with Divine passion. He held that not only did they require progress in the church, but they wanted joy. There was too muoh pessimism at present. They had many apeoies of it. There was the pessimism of Prometheus chained to his rock and that of the modern connoisseur cutting the pages of his catalogue. This should be displaced by the joy that the indwelling presence of the Spirit would give. The Rev. J. Robeetson dealt with the power of sentiment. He eaid that the church and the world owed more than could be estimated to the formative power of a sentiment. John Ruskin had spoken eloquently of this power, and Macaulay had made this the motive impel ling the heroes of his great poem ' The Defence of the Bridge.' Those three noble men were held to their heroic conduct by the sentiment they cherished concerning the ' ashes of their fathers and the temples of their gods.' He was glad that public sentiment was being awakened to the importance of good oitizenship. The Church was the best safeguard of the home and the State. Filial affection and love of country depended upon devotion to God, and could only be en sured and regulated in correct proportion by fidelity to that devotion. He held that they were in the habit of spending proportions of their incomes on enjoyment and indulgence altogether out of proportion to the amount they spent on the Church of God. He wanted, if possible, to stimulate their zeal for the church, and country, and home. The old- time hero had asked, 'How can a man die better than facing fearful odds for the ashes of his fathers and the temples of his gods.' But he wanted to ask how can a man live better than by devoting himself to God, and man, and country. During the evening Mr. Doley sang' Com fort ye' (Handel) ; Miss J. Syme, ' Eternal rest' (Piccolomine), and Miss Gluyas took the solo parts in the anthem 'Who dwelleth be neath the shadow of the Almighty' (Martin). The chorus ' The glory of the Lord' (Handel), was rendered by tho choir, the singing throughout being splendid. Mr. Shakespeare presided at the organ, displaying his cus tomary artistic taste, 