SPORTING NOTES. Entries close for the Cooriejong races to-day. The match between the Camperdown and Caramut Polo Clubs at Caramut on Thursday was well- contested, but ended in the defeat of the visitors, Caramut hitting 6 goals to Camperdown's 4 goals. The Campeldown representatives were Messrs. W. T. Manifold, E. Manifold, J. C. Manifold, and C.. B. Palmer, while Messrs. E. R. De Little, R. A. Afileck, R. 4. D. Hood, and H. Osborne played for Caramut. The annual race meeting of the Hamil ton Racing Club was held on Wednesday altd Thursday with the following results: -First day-Maiden Plate-Lochiel. 1, Carmine 2, Malbia 3. Trial Hurdle Race -Nita 1, Swindler 2, Marngee 3.` Pony Race=-Mabel 1, Dolly IIi2, Sininhine ,3 Haimilton Cup-Province 1, Lochaber 2, Tradetor 3. Hurdle Race-Kalimna 1, Bowaka 2, Allah Ditta 3. Ladies Purse -Rohl nson Crusoe 1, Finale 2, Carmine 3\. Second Day-Trial Stakes-Lochiel l. Finale 2, Malbia 3. Second Hurdle Race -Freestep 1, Nita 2, Bowaka 3. -Raring Club Handicap-Province 1, Serene 2, Loctlaber 3. Bracelet Stakes -Red Rufus 1, Roedeer 2, Carmine 3. Handicap Steeplechase-Nutmeg, Kalimna, and Gambier Lad were the first three horses. but a protest against them for running inside a pbat was upheld and the race was given to'Desperido. Farewell Handicap Robinson Crusoe 1, May 2, Moyhall 3. Nominations for the handicap events for the Warrnamsbool Racing Club's Steeplechase meeting must reach Mr. Ivor MWillansi"y-8-p.m., on Monday next. In alt leto a friend in the Unamilton district Mr. Oswald Gihson, under date Brighton, February 22, w"ites as follows about Daimio, which may prove of Interest :-" Dtiunio, as you know, ran third at Lingfield in the Weald Steeple chase carrying 12st 10lb. The cause of his poor display iin such co:upany was owing to the state of the course-it was a bug. WithiutRany exaggeration the horses watuk into the ground at leastrnine inches. The winner carried 10st 41b, and the second 10.-t 71b, so it was not such a bad performance. lie has improved a great deal in his jumping now and will be pretty fit for the Liverpool Grand Na:tional, but should the cioutae be heavy lie will not have the ghost of a chance. I think'the greatest danger will beLthat he sill Iver jump himself and thus get tired. Hickey is going to ride so we crn depend upon having an honest run, which is something. My own opinion is that he will not witn hut may have a chance." The cricket tmatch that had been ar ranged for Thursday bietween'the Camper down and Cobden clubs on the local oval, did not take place owing to the non alppearsnce of the visitm s. 