THE BERESFORD GHOST. — ? — ♦ ? I- N the month of October, 1693, Sir Tristram, and Lady Beresford went on -~».'~--r«i ,. a visit to her eneter, La ?'' 'SJl dy Macgill, at Gill Hall, _^; ,' now the seat of Lord i^l^feff ClauwiUiam, whose grandmother was eventu ally the heiress of Sir J. Macgill's - property. One morning Sir Tristram rose early, leaving Lady Beresford asleep, and went out for a walk be fore breakfast. When hie . wife joined the table very late, her appearance end tlfe embarrassment other manner attracted gene ral attention, ' especially £hat»:of her husband. He made anxious inquiries as to her health, and asked her apart what had occurred to her wrist, which was tied up with black ribbon tightly bound round it. She earnestly entreated him not to inquire more then, or hereafter, as to the cause of her wearing or continuing afterwards to wear that ribbon; "for," she added, "you will never see me without it." He replied: "Since you urge it so vehemently, I promise you not to inquire more about it." After complet- ing her hurried breakfast, she made anxious inquir ies as to whether the post had yet arrived. It had not yet come in, and Sir Tristram asked: 'Why are you so particularly eager about letters to-day?' 'Because I erpect to hear of Lord Ty rone's death, which took place : on Tuesday.' 'Well,' remarked Sir Tristram, 'I never should have put you dawn for a saperatitious person; but I euppose that some idle dieam has disturbed you.' Shortly after, the servant brought ;n the letters; one was sealed with black wax. 'It is as I expected,' she cried; 'he is dead!' The letter was from Lord Tyrone's steward, to inform them that his master had died in Dublin on Tuesday, . October 14, at . 4 p.m. Sir Tristram endeavored to ?console her, and begged her to restrain her grief, : when she assured him that she felt relieved and easier now that ehe knew the actual feet. She added: 'I can now give you a satisfactory piece of intelligence, viz., that I am with child, and that it will be a boy.' A son was bom in the following July. Sir Tris tram survived its birth little more than six years. After his death Lady Beresford continued to reside with her young fami'lv at his place in the county of Deny, and* seldom went from home. She hard ly micgled with any neighbors or friends, excepting with Mr. and Mrs. Jackson, of Coleraine. He was the principal personage in that town, and was, by his mother, a near relative of Sir Tristram. His wife was the daughter &f; Robert Gorges, LL.D. (a gentleman of good old English family, .and possessed of a considerable estate in the county Meath), by Jarie Loftue, daughter of Sir Adam L/oftus, of Rath farnham, and slater of Lord Lisburae. They bad an only eon, Richard Gorges, who was in the army, and became a general offir»er very early in life. With ?the Jackeons Lady Beresford maintained a constant communication, and lived on the most intimate terms, while ehe eeemsd determined to eschew all other society an-d to remain in her chosen retire ment. At the conclusion of three years thus passed, one lucklw.s day 'Young Gorges' most vehemently pro fessed hie passion for her, and solicited her hand, urging his suit in a most passionate appeal, wMch was evidently not displeasing to the fair widow, and which, unfortunately for her, was successful. They were married in 1704. One eon and two daughters were born to them, when his abandoned and dissolute conduct forced her to seek and obtain a separation. After thds had continued for four years, General Gorges pretended extreme penitence for hie past misdeeds, and with the most solemn promises of amendment induced his wife to live with him again, and ehe became the mother of a E&eonri; eon. The day month after tier confinement happened to be her birthday, and having, recovered, and feeling herself equal to some exertion, she sent for her son, Sir Marcus Beresford, then 20 years old, and her married daus-hter, Lady Riverstone. She aleo invited Dr. King, the Archbishop of Dublin (who was an intimate friend), and- an old clergyman who had christened 'her, and who hod always kept up a most kindly intercourse with her during her whole life, to make up a email party to celebrate the day.- In the early part of it Lady Beresford was engaged in a irindly conversation with her old friend the clergyman, and in the course of it eaid: 'You know that I am 48 this day?' 'No, indeed,' ns replied, ''you are only 47, for your mother had a dispute with m& once on the very subject of your age- and 1 in Goneaquence sent and consulted the registry,- and 6an mcsl confidently assert that you are firily 47 {Ms day/' 'You have signed my death warrant, then,'' ehe tried; 'leave me, I pray, for I have iio'- much. longer to live, but have many things ef graya fmp'ortance to settle before I die. Send inv eeo find my daughter to me immediately.' The clergyman did as he was bidden. He directed Sir Marcus and h's sister is go instantly to their mother, and he sent to the Archbishop and a few other friends to put tfcsm off trorsi joining the birthday party. When hef two children repaired to Lady Beres ford, ehe thus addressed them: 'I have something of do»i- importance to communicate to you, my dear children, bsforf I die.- You are no etrangers to the intimacy and tht affection which subsisted in early life' between Lord Tyrone and myself. We were educated together when young, under the same ? roof, in the pernicious principles of Deism. Our real friends afterwards took every opportunity to convince tis 61 our error, but their arguments were Insufficient to overpower and uproot our infidelity, though they had the effect of shaking our confi dence in it, and leaving us wavering between two opinions. In this perplexing state of doubt we made a solemn promise one to the other, that which ever died first snould, 'f permitted, appear to the other for thfi purpose of declaring what religion was the one acceptable to the Almighty. One night, yeais after this interchange of promises, I web Bleeping with your fatter at Gill Hall, when I sud denly awoke and discovered Lord Tyrone sitting visi bly by the side of the bed. I screamed out, and vainly endeavored to rouse Sir Tristram. 'Tell me,' I eaid, 'Lord Tyrone-, why and wherafore are you here at this time of ths night?' 'Have you then forgotten our promise to each other, pledged in early life? t 1 died on Tuesday, at 4 o'clock. I have been permitted thus to appear in order to assure you that the revealed religion is the true and only one by which we can be saved. I am also suffered to inform you that you are with child, and will produce a son, who will marry my heiress; that Sir Tristram will not live long, when you will marry again, and you will die from, the effects of childbirth in your forty-seventh year.' I begged from him some convincing sign or proof, eo that when tbe morning come I might rely upon it and feel satisfied that his appearance had been real, -and that it was not a phanju-m of my imagination. He caused the hangings of the bed to be drawn in an unusual way and impossible manner through an iron hook. I still was not satisfied, when he wrote hia signature in my pocket-book. I wanted, however, more substantial proof of his visit, when he laid his hand, which was cold as marble, on my wrist; the sinews shrank up, the nerves withered at the touch. 'Now,' he said, 'let no mortal eye, while you live, ever eee that wrist!' and vanished. While I was conversing with him my thoughts were calm, but as soon as he disappeared I felt chilled with horror and dismay, a cold sweat came over me, and I again endeavored, but vainly, to awaken Sir Tris tram; a flood of tears came to my. relief, and I fell asleep. In the morning your father got un without disturbing? me; he bad not noticed anything extra ordinary about me or the bed-hangings. When I did arise, I found a long broom in the gallery. out- side the bedroom door, ind with great difficulty I unhooked the curtain, fearing that the position of it might excite surprise and cause inquiry. I bound up my wrist with black ribbon before I went down to breakfast, where the agitation of my mind was too visible not to attract attention ? When I am gone; I wish that you, my children, should unbind this black ribbon, and -alone behold my wrist before I am consigned to the grave.' She theu requested to be left, that ehe might lie down and compose herself, and her children quitted the apartment, having deeired her attendant to watch her, and if any change came on to summon them to. her bedside. In an hour the bell rang, and they hastened to the call-; but oil was over. The two children having ordered everyone to retire, knelt down by the side of. the bad, when Lady Riverstone unbound the .block ribbon, and found, the wrist ex actly as Lady Beresford had described . it-r-every nerve withered, every- sinew shrunk. Her friend the Archbishop had her buried in the Cathedra] of St. Patrick, in Dublin, in the Earl of Cork's tomb, where she. now lies. — Rt. Hon. Wmr.Beres^prd, in 'Genealogical Magazine.' .. : ','-. Prince Victor Napoleon, while driving in the Bou levard du Regent, Brussels, recently, was run into by a dray. His. carriage was completely smashed, and. the prince, and his coachman were thrown int& the. street.': The prince was .iintourt, but the coachman received slight injuries. 