CURRENT TOPICS, Examiner Serial Tales.-Arrange ments are being made for the early publication of a specially powerful serial tale by a well-known English author, and we hope to be in a posi tion to announce full particulars shortly. The children's story, "Light after Darkness," which is now drawing tJo a conclusion, is to be succeeded by a trle entitled "Monica," by that very popular authoress Miss Bertha Adams, who is without doubt one of the •cleverest writers of stories appertain ing to childhood Australia has prJ duced. "Monica" is to be followed by "Ted and' Me," an dnteresting tale from the pen of "Iris." Mission at rthe Tabernacle.—They ser- vices at tlhe Tabernacle yesterday were c..onducted by Pastor Harry Wood, who 9ommenced a week's mission. The pastor will hiold a service, assisted by Mr. George Mackay, in the church, at 7,80 each evening this week. Military.-Colonel Wallack, who has been on a our of inspection to the N.W. Coast rifle companies, returned on Saturday. He found all the corps in a satisfactory condition, and the attendances at drills were good. On Saturday evening Colonel Wallack completed his examinations in connec- tion with the Rifle Regiment, and leaves for Hobart to-day. Christ Church.-The Rev. George Clarke, of the Hobart Congregational Church, occupied the pulpit at Christ Church yesterday,, n the absence of the Rev. W. Law, who is bn a holiday in Victoria. Mr. Clarke preached two eloquent sermons, which were listened to attentively. The morning text was taken from Romans viii., 28; and the evening subject from Phillipians iii., 13 and 14. Gambling Fever.-Mr. A. E. Fletcher, in' an article on the "Gambling Fever," in the "Temple Magazine" for August, brings a strong indictment against the national bane, and caps it with a story we (exchange) do not remember to have heard before. When the present Duke of Devonshire, a member of the Jockey Club, was appointed Chancellor of 'the University of Cambridge, an un- dergraduatki one day absented himself from college to pay a visit to New- market. On being questioned by the dons as to what he meant by so serious a breach of discipline, he said "I did not go to Newmarket tol see the races; I went to see what sort of a man our new Chancellor was like." Great Family Gathering.-The Queen of Denmark will celebrate her eightieth birthday on September 7, when (says the "World") there is to be a great family gathering at Fredensborg Castle, including the Emperor and Empress of Russia, the Empress-Dowa- ger, the Kini .nd Quesn of Hellenes, the King of Sweden, with the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Cumberland, the Landgra- vine and the Landgrave of Hesse, and Prince and Princess Frederick of Schaumburg-Lippe. The, King and Queen of Denmark will reside during August sacd September at. Fredeensborg, which has been closed since the au- tumn of 1893, and there will be a large family part.y during their stay. One Who Fought at Navarino.— William Johnson, said to be the last c the sailors who fought alt Navarino, was buried at Portsmouth on July 17. Johnson, who was 85 years old, was a powder-monkey at Navarino, and sub- sequ?ently fought at St. Jean d'Acre and other .engagements. For several years he 'had been an inmate of the workhcuse where he died, and it was only through enquiries instituted by the medical officer, upon his death, that his record was discovered. The ex- penses of the funeral were covered by subscriptions among the guardians. T'he coffin, covered with a Union Jack, was drawn to the grave on a gun car- rlage by bluejackets from Her Majesty's ship Excellent, who volun- tesred for the task. A large proces- sion followed the coffin. Bijou Theatre.—The Vaudeville Com- I pany, now appearing nightly at this Stheatre, continue to receive good sup- port, and on Saturday evening, when the third change of programme was given, there was an appreciative audi- ence. Mr. Frank Yorke, a host in him- self, contributed some very funny turns, and as ably supported by Mr. Harry Gilbert in coster and character songs. Mr. Jack Evans's step- dancing was undoubtedly clever, while the singing of 'Mr. Matlock was a pleasing feature in the programme. Miss Louie Bentley rendered some ballads nicely, and Miss Marie Bell wood's serio-comic business found favour. A rollicking farce wound up the entertainment, which will be re- peated to-night. Last evening the com- pany gave a sacred and classical con- cert, the various items being well re- ceived. "An Appalling Invention."—We have been favoured with a picture of an ap- palling invention—literally "made in Germany"—having for its object the prevention of premature burial. The machine is well caloulated to add a new terror to the graveyard. It works on the slightest mo~vement in the buried coffin, so that a passing van, or still more, a moving train, may 'by thse oscillation it sets up cause the dread thing 'to work. And what happens is this. An iron box springs open; a black flag flies wildly upright, a bell clangs, and the glare of an electric lamp lightens the cosuntryside. We can conceive nothing more trying to the nerves of the living than the con- sciousness that these, dread engines are scattered promiscuously over the churchyards of the land. We are not afraid of ghosts, but we frankly con- fess that we would not pass by a church at night if we thought that one of these terrors was nigh.—"Daily Chronicle." King's Island.—An exchange relates: —Stock on the Island is looking pretty fair, but, on the whole, not so good as last year, owing, perhaps, to the cattle being allowed to wander. Grass is now plentiful, but it is somewhat late this season. Commercial enterprise has extended to this place, and Messrs. E. and J. Bauld have opened a general store. The members of the firm are recent arrivals from England, and are compositors by trade, but have re- linqugished the stick and rule for deal- ing in commodities required by the settlers. Another new arrival at the Island is Mr. Robinson, who has joined his brother in grazing pursuits. Tak- ing advantage of the mild winter, the settlers have, during the past few months, been busily engaged in im- proving their holdings and fencing and subdividing their paddocks. Among those who have affected considerable improvements are Messrs. Stephenson and Gunn, J. B. Bowling, W. Bowling, D. McMahon, F. Bowling, R Pearson, and G. Robinson. A Children's Practice.—Something like 400 juveniles assembled on Satur- day afternoon in the Albert Hall, where Sergeant-Major Welsh was in atten- dance to put them througrh the facings necessary to ensure an effective dis play in the grand march which is to open the Mayor and Mayoress's ball on Friday evening next. The great majority of the youngsters were very raw recruits, but at the end of an hour's drilling the popular sergeant major had them well in hand, and succeeded in engrafting on their minds a very fair idea of what they are ex- pected to do at the inception of the great evenut to wthich theyr are looking forward with such a large amount of interest. The incidental music for the marching exercises was rendered by Mr. W. W. Tihornthweite on the organ. On the platform were a number of the children's parents and others inter- ested, and among those present were the Mayor and Mayoress, both of whom took a lively interest In the proceed- ings. Reserves at King's Island.—We ("N.W. Post") understand the Govern- ment are taking steps to reduce the area of the reserves at the lighthouses at King's Island. :On the mainland about 15 acres are reserved for each lighthouse, but nat Currie Harbour the keeper has a CroW.~ run of about 3000 acres; and there is also a similar area at Cape Wickham. It is contemplated to reduce each of these to 300 acres, and to throw the remainder open to the settlers, but reserving an area at Currie for a township site. This step is causing much grabification to settlers. A portion of the land around Currie, we are told, is well adapted for onion growing, and an experimental plot planted about two years ago pro- duced, on an average, 12 tons to the acre. In spite of this, however, the heavy freights to the mainland and the absence of regular steam communica- tion prevent settlers at present going in extensively for this industry. The land to be thrown open at Cape Wick- ham is only fit for grazing purposes, except portions on the eastern side, which are well adapted for agriculture, but it is somewhat heavily timbered. Chamberlain Party.-The "Gentle woman" gives some interesting de- 'tails as to the Prince and Princess of Wales not being able to. get admission to MAr. and Mrs. Chamberlain's party. The latter's guesits were collebted in a throng in the hall, which neithier the Secretary for the Colonies ncr his wife could disperse. Mr. Chamberlain struggled out on hearing that the Prince of Wales's carriage had stopped, and His Royal Highness remarked that it was imposible foar him to allow the Princess to be exposed to such a crowd any longer, but agreed to, wait, whilst a back door opened for some of the guests 'to pass through. While this was being done the crowd increased, so that the. Prince and Princess drove away, but not before "Princess Charles of Denmark was so hurt in lthe crowd trying to. get into the house 'that tears were rolling down her cheeks." Even in so large and spacious a house as Sthe Duchess of Suthe.rland's, the other night, owing to people, insisting on 1 crowding together, the Duke and Duchess of Connaughti had some diffi- culty in making their way up the stair- case. "Gteneral" Booth and the Queen.— The Salvation Army held its annual festival at the Crystal Palace, on July 20, when over 60,000 persons were pre- sent. In the course of an address "General" Booth read thle following Smessage from the Queen,:-"Windsor Castle. To General BootIh.—The Queen wishes to express to all the members of the Salvation Army now assembled for their Triennial Con- s gress her heartfelt thanks for their Stouching message of loyal comgratula- a tions and earnest good wishes. Her s Majesty fully recognises the great and varied works so courageously under \- taken by the army on behalf of so Y many of their unhappy fellow-crea- r. tures in different parts of her Empire. r The Queen fervently trusts that Di- vine guidance and blessing may accom- e pany all future efforts of the army.— a Bigge. July 20, 1897." The reading of the message was listened to with "e breathless attention. When the I- "General" had concluded, he said: d "Again I say, God bless the Queen," P whereupon 10,000 and more jubilant Salvationists cried aloud "Amen" and i- "God bless her for ever." Important Law Point.—At the Scottsdale Police Court on Friday a woman sued a man for the mainten- *e ance of four children. When the case \- was called on the bench dreow atten- n tion to an error which had evidently e occurred in drawing up the infeorma- .e tion, which, in ils opinion, was fatal. a The Hon. R. Byron Miller, who ap- : peared for 'the defence, spoke to the e same effect., and directed attention to Rr a few other errors in the summons, Se quorting several cases in support of his -d argument. He also said that on such is an information as the one before the a court there was no power given under 11 the Act to amend such information, ic stating that it was only recently that e he had found out this fact when going o carefully through the Act at the re- I- quest of Mr. P. Boland, J.P., of Inver- re may, Launceston. In the present in le foramation the defendant was charged at with a crime, and also, secondly, under 2- a civil-charge which was fatal to it. a Several cases were cited for and ce against the opinions stated by counsel ly on both sides. The arguments lasted over one hour, and then both solicitors 5: agreed to a fresh information, which ty was drawn up, and charged defendant as with having left his four children for se sx months without means of support. yw A Street Squabble.—A storm of is somewhat larger proportions than the as teacup variety, and quite unannounced E. as having four days anterior passed al south-west of Cape Leeuavin, or for the re matte?r of that anywhere else, struck re Tasmania during Saturday forenoon e- in the immediate vicinity of the Laun- l- ceston Post Office Tower. The dis- he turbance took its origin in the tomato he bed of a Celestial's market garden, ed and how it came to burst where it did k- needs ~a little explanation. It would he appear, from the statements of the ew proprietor of the garden mentioned, n- that months ago he sold several cases ad of the succulent vegetable-fruit to ng which reference has already been made le to a dealer in the same, who however on had not, according to the Celestial's ig, tale, fulfilled his portion of thIe trans- n, action. On Saturday the two men met, whereupon the scion of the g Flowery Land is said to have opened ir hostilities, and to the immense amuse- re ment of a crowd of onlookers pro- n- ceeded to carry out his declared inten- tion of hauling the man whorm he ac- is. cused of default to the Police Station to there and then. Art this stage Con- anl stable Masters appeared on the scene. at and separated the disputants. The ry skein will now likely be unravelled. an In a different way, for it is understood Lt- that the Celestial will be proceeded ad against by information on a charge ds of disturbing the peace. I- Weather.—After a long spell of fine he I weather rain began to descend about ng eight o'clock on Saturday night, and of continued with only slight intermis- sions up till about seven o'clock last evening. During this time some very heavy showers fell, and yesterday a strong N.W. wind prevailed all day, raising a rough sea on the N.W. and West Coasts. The rain appeared to be general, and will be much appre- ciated by farmers and others in the country, as it has been muoh needed for several weeks past. Its absence was causing farmers and pastoralists much concern, as their grain and feed crops are very backward in several districts, bu;t this rain will no doubt give them a good start. Referring to the recent dry weather, the "Mercury" states:-Few of the residents of Ho- bart have any idea of the anxiety that is arising in the country districts over thel want of a good soaking rain. No 'ne seems to remember I!he land being so dry in Tasmania before at this time of the year. In the Midlands and also at Richmond the people have to cart water both for domestic use and for stock. Up Brighton way and Bagdad the season's -prospects will be, very gloomy unless rain comes" solon. The croeks in many places have almost run dry. Although some showers have fallen within the past fortnight which have' been very serviceable in mois- tening the surface of the ground, the soil beneath is very dry, and as the cereal crops stool out and take deeper root they will soon begin to droop on account of the parched state of the land. Similarly fruit trees will suffer, and feed on the natural pastures be- come exceedingly short. Cattle Trade With King's Island.— The steamer Sitar arrived yesterday from King's Island with another load of fat cattle: The s. Yolla left on Saturday with a 'load of store cattle for the Island, and it is anticipated that between 600 and 700 "faits" will be brought to the mainland during the next few months. Hih!!terto Launces- ton has been the principal market, but last season .it 'was glultted, and some of the beef fetched very poor prices. A fresh outlet 'has now been found on the West Coast, and the s. Yolla has been engaged to. take 400 head to Strahan. Ahbout a fortnight ago the Yolla took the first direct shipment of 30 head for Strahan, and only occupied 18 ,hours on the run across, the cattle being landed in excellent condition. They were consigned to Mr. W. Atkin son, of Emu Bay, who, has branches of his business at ,Mount Lyell, Zeehan, and Strahan. The Yolla is now to run regularly in the trade between the West Coast and 'the Island, and loads not less than 30 head per week at Stlrahan until the 400 are delivered. Secretary for Mines.-Mr. F. Belstead ('Secretary for Mines) left by Satur- day afternoon's train for Scottsdale, en route to Mount Camieron. Mr. Belstead will pay a visit of inspeitdon to the waiter-race, and expects to return to the city not later ithan Thursday morn- ing. He will then proceed to Hobart. During Mr. Belstead's holliday tour on the mainland, he has travelled about a great deal, and paid visits, among other places, to Geelong, Castlemaine, Ballarat, and Bendigo, the mines in the vicinity of which were naturally inter- eating features to a man of the observ- ancy of the Tasr.anmaan Secretary of Mines. The workings on the Victorian fields are, of course, on a much. larger scale than those in the island colony, and Mr. Belstead saw much that can- not fail to be useful to hinm In the superintendence of the Tasmanian De- partment of Mines. His visit to Mount Cameron is undertaken in connection with certain improvements being effected to the water-race there. Some of the fluailng is in such disrepair as to require renewal, and it has been decided to replace it by earth channels, as being more effective, and likely to cost less for maintenance. Technical School.-The third term com- mences to-day, and attention is drawn to the desirableness of students for 1898 exams, being in regular attendance. The modelling class will resume work to-mor- row. A West Indian Entertainer.-Professor Lie Medo, a. West Indian elocutionist and scientist, will appear at the Temperance Hall this evening in what promises to be an amusing and instructive entertain- ment. We leave the spring poets to exercise themselves and their readers about the beauties of the vernal season, and content ourselves with drawing attention to the large and varied stock of boots, shoes, and slippers at Petterd's Boot Mart, suitable for all weathers.* Cheap and wholesome food is provided by the fresh herrings, or herrings in tomato sauce, prepared by Maconochie Bros., London. Ask for their "Silvocea" brand of fish, and you will always secure the best article obtainable. Maconochie Bros. are now the largest preservers of fish in the world.* Notice to Sheepowners.—In another column will be found an advertisement from Mr. Thomas A. Tabart, Chief In- spector of Stock, drawing the attention of shecpowners to the provisions of the Stock Act, 1896. This act requires all sheep and lambs to be dipped after shearing— viz., between August 1 and April 1—in some tick-destroying preparation. Juvenile Dancers.-L.aunceston playgoers will shortly have the pleasure of witness Sing two performances in this city by Mrs. a E. A. Stacey's juvenile dancers, from Ho- Sbart. The entertainments have been fixed for September 6 and 7, at the Albert Hall, and as the young performers come with an excellent reputation from .the south, they will no doubt succeed in attracting large audiences In the north. Equitable Life Assurance Society, U.S. \- When dealing with the figures of an in- stitution so widely known as the Equi- table Life Assurance Society of the United States, it is not surprising to find that the assets now amount to £45,161,239. The surplus of the society, which is claimed to be by far the largest life company in the world, now stands at £8,995,246, hav- ing increased during 1896 by £552,743, showing that the Equitable has again proved its unsurpassed power to earn surplus and to pay bonuses. The assur- ance in force is £190,646,265, whilst the annual income is £9,657,643. The local office of the society is at 58 St. John- street, Mr. Frank S. Stevens being the dis- trict manager. Gas v. Electricity.-In our advertising columns Mr. Arthur Green, secretary of the Gas Company, states that the follow ing tests were made in the photometer room of the Company on the 27th Inst.: One incandescent gaslight, using 3.5 cubic feet of gas per hour, gave 4.78 times the light of a new 16 candle-power electric lamp supplied by the Launceston Corpora- tion. The comparison of light was as 16 to 76.48 candles: the gas burner giving a light equal to 21.85 candles per cubic foot of gas used. Another test with an incandescent gaslight, using 2.6 cubic feet per hour, gave 61.856 candles, as against 16 candles for the electric lamp, or no less than 23.79 candles per' cuble foot ot gas used. The 16-c.p. electric lamp (new) ab- sorbed 1.925 units of electricity in 32 16 hours 37 minutes and 24 seconds. 