[all KIGHT.-i ResEKVEIi.] PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT. THE WATCHMAN OF ORSDEN MOSS. By J. moxk FOSTER. Author of "The Slaves, or Fate," "A Mixer's Million/' "Guiliihex of Dakk sess,'' "Through Flooi. asp Flame." " Queen or the Factory, "A Pit Brow Lassie.'' "The White Gipsy," "The Mix;: Master's Daughter. " Etc.. etc. CHAPTER XXVni. The Xkw \Y atc'itm iv In the snug little two-chambered shanty, formerly tenanted by .old Dan Coxall, Lis latest successor was sitting one afternoon early in November. During the day the rain had fallen in a thick, drenching, in cessant sheet, washing the village thorough fares clean and sweet, converting the un drained portions of Orsden ]\Ioss into a irreat tvet sponge, and deluging tlie pit-brow girls and other workers on the bank of the Moss Colliery. As the day closed, in and the early twilight gathered, the downpour slackened, then ceased altogether, and now, when the ear-piercing scrcam of the steam whistle at Orsden Moss pits was ringing oi:t clear and long on the damp air, telling the surface laborers that the end of the day's work had come, the atmosphere had cleared, and gave promise of a fair night. Rising from his rush-bottomed armchair,'! nld Adam Bannister, the new watchman, ! walked slowly to the duorway of his dwelling, and lounging there on the threshold he cast his ores this way and that. . Perhaps the fresh man was only wondering if the spell of dry weather would continue until his nightly vigil and nocturnal meandering* about the were ended. StnndSTj on the little step he could sc-e the scattered village now enveloped in the shadow, could mark tlie rough sweep of land lying between the pits and the houses of the workers, and the pit bank, the' lines of the waggon road, brow, screens 'and engine house were all within easy reach of his vision Adam Bannister appeared midway between the half-cent,ury and three score of years, but seemed hale and powerful still, being tall and sturdy-limbed in spile of his slight stoop. He was hoarse-voiced, iiad a thick tangle of iron- grey hair, and to aid his im paired skrht wore a cumbrous pair of blue glasses. Presently the pit-brow girls and women, the surface laborers and banksmen, came dawdling or hurrying past in ones and twos and threes all glancing at the figure in the doorway, and not a few commenting upon him. "Th' new watchman some whispered audibly to their friends as they went by. "Ah wonder if herll stay no lunger than th' hist chap did others remarked, and one or rwo made reference u> old Coxall's sudden end. To noli'-- of these comment* diu Adam Bannister pay the slightest heed. But once his strong figure drew itself together in stinctively. and the eyes behind his colored spectacles flashed, as a pit-brow girl with an easy gliding step.- a gracefully moulded , form, finely cut face, and sunny hair drew near. It was Lattice Forrester ; and as she came along, alone, she glanced incuriously at thc old man a-s the others had done. She was passing when the watchman's harsh voicc, softened a little, caught her ears. " Yo'll excuse me, my pratty wench, but wot tahme does th' pit whistle blow ev'rv neet ?" " Half-past five, sir. except Saturdays," the girl answered :is she paused a moment: "then it blows at two o'clock." "Thank yo'Thank yo' ' Ah'm the new watchinon, to' kno.vn, an' alnn a bit strange yet." • She redded her fair head and went on her way, and, after lingering a few moments longer at the doar, he strode inside, raked the bars of his small grate, and placed a shovel-full of coal on. the fire, took of! the old cap he had been wearing, hung it methodic ally on a nail in-the wall, put on a big, weather-beaten, soft felt hat with wide brim, domied an old big coat also, and then, taking a stout oaken'stick from the corner near tho fireplace, went forth, locking his little castle -i>ehimb±rin>— ■ ■ Here a few sentences may bo penned re specting v.'liat hiid gone oil in the village of Orsaen Green m the interval between the flight of Matthew Shelvocke and the installa tion of the new.watchman. Adam Bannister. Within au hour or two of Sergeant Roberts's visit to Orsden Hall ever}- man and woman ! in the village, and a small multitude outside | it, knew that the police official bad. gone i there for the purpose of laying the hands ut | the law upon Aaron Shclvocke's nephew and i heir* x,'' - j. Li | By' some moans the whole of the clrcum I stances of the case leaked out- and -vere»i,read broadcast. Every pitman was full of the news by the time the village public- houses threw open their doors at noon-day: and over their pots of ale, and their tumblers of whisky and rum, the hard-fisted winners of coal dis cussed with a breathless interest the extra ordinary sequel to their " Ovi'd ' Bosss " I death. On the pretext of talcing a holiday young Mat had escaped to Yankee land, taking with him in solid cash many a thousand pound— how many the Lord alone knew ; some said it was only five thousand, others swore they had heard it was ten, and one or two said they believed that when the truth was known fully twenty thousand wouldn't be far wide of the mark. That Sergeant Robert's visit to the Hall explained Mat's flight all the gossips were agreed ; and that the absconding man had not flown without serious reasons only a few were prepared to assert. Even the miners who had known the mine manager all his life, who had received many tokens of consideration at Mat's hands, were at a loss how to defend their favorite when some me demanded to know why, if he were innocent, he had "hooked it," and taken all that money with him ? That question was a puzzler ; and those who felt that Mafc^was guiltless, but could not back their belief with proof, were com pelled. to sit silent and hear him . ndiudued guilty. The sensation had soon subsided, and, in the meantime the work and life of the place went along the old channels, '-for although Mat Shelvocke was .way his spirit still directed the undertaking to .which his uncle's -will had made him heir. - -> < , The solicitor in the neighboring town kept a tight hand .and a- watcsfuIVye on his absent client's interests; theunde^looker. George Wells, had.' 'st_cppt;<Mi:-niUiMat's managerial shoes, •: rnid'1 '-wicr *nTlnig' th em fairly yell ; Levi J31acksha.w,,<|vas cashier still, and no more, and the limitations of his position annoyed him beyond-oppression. At times Mr. Blnckshaw's dissatisfaction found expression. To his covfe'iri. .T^aoivii, when their talk drifted to the absent one, Levi would giveliis tongue rein, and declare in the most open way that Mat Shelvocke had treated' both his relatives unfairly by acting as lie had seen fir to do. He. didn't blame his cousin for flying, if he thought his neck or his liberty were en dangered by remaining at bis pest-.;'but when the exigencies of the case compelled him to vanish from the scenes that, had known him all his life, he ought to have placed more confidence in those who were bound to him. by ties of blood. When Mr. Blaekshaw tr.iked in that strain Naomi did not scruple to lash her cousin with • rr . hfir bitibg tongue and contemptuous glances. She knew that Levi hated to be tied devrn as ^h.e waSj-'ind^ compelled to act under the direc tions of j^other, as if he were merely.a ser vant, ahd-jiot the nephew of Aaron Sliel vocke, and first cousin to the missing master. Levi's ambition was to fill the throne Mat had deserted ; he desired to have the whole : o: tlie mines and miners in his hands—to wield the destiny of the estate accord ins to his own wishes. He felt: it humiliating that he, a prince of the royal blood. so to speak, should he called upon ii> do other than com mand. "1 can quite understand, my dear Levi.' X.loini would remark on these occasions, when the discontented ina";i aired his grievances, •' that it would have suited you much better if poor Mat had handed over to you the reins of government instead of en trusting them to that leccal irentleman in Colcelough." '•In spite of tlie half-sneer underlying your renmrk. Kaoiai." he would retort. " what you say is simply a matter of fact. What can Mr. Attorney Scott know about niines and millets After all, lie has to act upon my advice." •' Then why grumble, if you; are the real director of things after all I suppose you want the glory of.the game as well as the power of shaping it, eh? Iii a word., you aim at becoming the Squire of Orsden r •'Perhaps you are right, cousin. I imagine it will come—must come to that soon ! When we have reasonable grounds for believing char out' excellent relative inlands no show his fnce in England no more, when. legally at :ill events, we may assume tli-vt he is dead, what will happen then, think, you For tunately our cousin coiddn't take the Hall, the Moss, the pits,-and the remainder of the estate with him.*' . • i '■ 1 have no knowledge of ihe law," she answered, "and in consequence cannot imagine what -tr.Ry- happen in the event of Mat's continued absence. Mat, however, seems to have considered that point. Per haps that is why he elected to leave his affairs in Mr. Scctt's hands." •' Perhaps ; but even lawyers have to sub mit. to the requirements of the law. I am positive that Mat will never! return, and equally assured.'that I shall notjbe content, to' remain in Mr. Scott's leading Strinas for the remainderof my days." 1 "But Mat will return si$3 cried posi tively. "'He mur-t leturn ! It is absurd to imagine he -will never come bacik." ;i it is so easy to believe whdt one desires to believe, Naomi. Tou wish him to return,'' lie suggested, with his keen gfize upon her. "Perhaps I do!" she replied stolidly, meeting his inquisitive gaze unflinchingly. A sharp retort was .on-his tongue, but he ■withheld its utterance. - Herj manner was one of defiance, and he was strongly tempted -to remind her of a certain pjict they had entered into. Now that he fwas winning the great game upon whicli he pad staked s« much was she desirous of breaking the pledge she had given Mm ? | He was suspicious, and yet j unwilling to put her to the supjeifiR.r, tiest at that moment. Events were not yet ripe for that master stroke, so fye restrained himself, held his peace, and] left her in possession of the field. He, it all events, cpuld afford to wait a little longer. He had much to win, and was almost certain of the game. ... , , i CHXT'THi- xxrx. Tnr. First Link is the Chain. It was between ten and eleven o'clock at irght and the night watchman was again seated within his snug little djomieilo, con suming his.frugal repast. " He was sitting beside the small table fully dressed, as he had just come in from his solitary round. His old soft hat- was pushed pack from his brow, about which a tangled ma^s of iron-grey hair hung ; he had not even removed the big coat which he had donned j some hours earlier in the evening ; his string, heavily soled boots were stained with patches of black mud, and the eyes chat burned brightly behind his blue spectacles had in them something which told of a mind plunged in speculation. 1 The door of the hut was standing half open, and through tlia doorway the bright glow of the oil lamp shot a broad- ray of jlight into the outer blackness of the silent Moss and adja cent colliery. i Suddenly Adam Bannister's head was raised alertly and he ceased munching his chunk of bread and cheese. A; footfall had come to liim out of the silence, and he was waiting to see who came. He did not stir, and he quietly resumed his meal. Then the footsteps were heard again on the smooth, damn cinder-path putside, and some moments later a man's form was framed in the doorway. It was Levi Blackshaw, well-attired, sharp of eye, "sitave-tongued, smooth-faced, and inquisitive as usual. "Good night, my man," Bladkshaw cried pleasantly as he took a step forward. " And so you are the hew watchman, are you ?" "Ah reckon alv.;;iiu,.:inestesj," was the bearded twin's response, and lids voice had harsher and harder notes in than when he addressed Lettice Forrester earlier in the evening. "Ah felt-jus' a bit; 'cowd' wi' trampin' through th' damp an' jweet, an' ah thowt a bit o'snap an! a drop ;o' werm tay would liven me up lahke." J " I daresay it will, and I am sure I. hope so, my man. By the way, I h.^ve forgotten your name. Wells told me aboijit you, and I trust you will stay with us longer than the last man did." T '' My name is Bannister, sir-j-owd Adam Hester, what Mester Wells towrj me abeawt? "That is so, Bannister. My name is Blackshaw. I was just having a stroll round the plaet before turning into the-Hail for rest, and when I saw your cabinldoor open it struck me that I might as wpll drop in and have a word or two with you,_Jiai\\-. nister."' " Tii.mky, sir," and the watchman's hand was jerked up to his grizzled beard. "Things do seem to get bit lonely lalikc 011 the' .moss in th' middle o' th' neet." . " •Yes, that'is so. Orsden Moss is not the liveliest-of spots on a night like this: But you will soon get used to it; and you will seldom be left quite alone on tlie Moss, you know, for there is generally aj man on the brow in the engine-house." i "So all reckon. Ah con drop in there neaw an' again when I want a smook an' a chat." "Oi course," Lex i remarked, and then, after a momentary pause, he added, "You're a Lancashire man—I can tell from your tongue, Bannister—but not ; an Orsden Greener. I think ?" "That's reet, MesterBlackshaw," was the ready response. "Ah were born and bred, up Owdhrim way. but when ah was a y'oung chap all coom deawn here, an'' ah lived at Hindley ail' Inc'e a goodisli bit." "You worked in the pits. I suppose?" "Reet yo are, mester. Ah worked i' tlii' pits as lad an' won for o'er forty 'ear: an' when ah geet too owd for that theer soart o' mirk ah had to co some'at, yo' known." "Of course, of course. Aiid is this your first visit to Orsden Green—I mean the first time you have ever stayed here or worked here ?" "That's so, mester. Ah'd lieer'd abeawt O'sden Green mony o' tahnie, but ah connut say that ah were ever here afoor t'other day, when Mester Wells took me on." " You would hear all about the remarkable way in which my uncle, tlifc late Aaron Shel vocke, died, 1 daresay ?" Blackshaw re marked. " Well, sir, ah (lid hear some'at. Ah con nut read, y<>' known, an' what all did get to know abeaut it was ius' what ah heer'd t'others readin' int' pappers." " Well, it was strange, to say the least, and perhaps stranger still that the iormer watchman, whose place you now fill, should have died in a drunken fit the same night." '' Iseaw, that was strange," the old watch man cricd with some show of interest, as lie finished his meal and proceeded to fill an old clay pipe with cut twist. "But," he added, philosophically, as he lit a scrap of paper at the fire and held it above his blackened cutty, "ah s'pose wc a' han to gooa whtn eawr tahme comes." The last -watchman we had,'' Levi broke in, with a faint smile irradiating his dark face, " went before his time iiad come. He was an old soldier, too, and one would have thought he was afraid of neither the living nor the dead. Bui he did not stop many iveelis ; was afraid of ghosts, so I have heard some of the villagers say. and you got his shoj». I hope yon are not afraid of ghosts. Bannister '• Glu-nts. eh !" the watchman cried, a< iie puiied noisily at his pipe. "Not. me, Mester, I've a lump o' oak in't corner theer iis'll shift anythin', ah reckon.'' Levi laughed aloud as his glance followed the sturdy old. chad's linger, Then, as he :>uttoned his overcoat up to the throat be -'id, "Well, I'll say good-night to you, Ban nister and finish my stroll. Slay drop in igain some other night, as I often take a turn ibout the colliery and-, the Moss. Good night." ~ 'r!GiT6T!-neet. sir. Shall be gradely fain to see yo' again anny tahme yo'iv this way."' Blackshaw nodded, drew back, and went into the night, closing the dour after him ; and when the patter of his feet had died ftwfty-t-lie wntoh:HaH-fi}>rs»g erect and glided softly, lightly. across the Sain with winch liic small room was pared. Between the corner of the room and the door he paused r.nd bent low, where a small object scintillated in the interstices of the rough iiags. That glistening spot had attracted hi* eyes for the first time some moments before. Then he might not have seen it hau nor he followed. Blackshaw's wandering gaze as it roamed here and there over the place. He tugged at the object with his fingers lor a moment or two in vain. It was hard, smooth, of metai, and hadbeen .crushed be tween tlie flags with some force as if a heavy heal liad pressed it home. In an instant he had whipped out his clasp-knife, inserted the strong blade berwath the object and prised, it forth. Then he went back and stood beneath the lamp, examining his find. The shining arti cle in his palm was a small disc of gold about the size of a threepenny piece, and evidently a portion of a broken sleeve-link. On the upper surface was a small shield, on which were graven ornately the two letters "L. B." On the under surface was soldered a crushed and twisted link of a thin gold chain. It hau evidently been snapped trom its fellow by force, and a greater force still had wedged the disc between the flags. - "L. B." the watchman muttered lowly. "Those are the initials of my visitor. This is a portion of the sleeve-links Aaron Sliel vocke presented to Levi B'lackshaw last Christmas. How came it here? How long has it been wedged in between those flags ? Did he lose it here ? And was lie looking for it when I caught hh eye. I will find out." He crossed the Sloor again, and in a moment had pressed backthe disc initsformer place. Then turning down the lamp a little he went forth upon his nightly vigil. Passing the narrow flight of steep steps by which the brow was reached, the watch man went aioni; the waggon roau beneath the screens. As lie passed a half- filled wag gon lie heard footsteps, saw a man's form loom up in front of him, and again he and his late visitor stood face to face in the semi darkness of the place. . "Good night. Bannister. I'm just return ing,'' cried Levi, genially, as before. '"By the way, have you a . match or a light ? I want- a smoke, and have forgotten my match box somewhere." ! " My lamp has gone eawt, sir," the watch man replied ; "an' aim ius' gooin'' to th' lire holes to leet it again. But vo'll get a lect in my cabin, Master Blackshaw, if yo're goiir that way. Th' door isn't locked, sir." "Thanks; good night. Am sorry to trouble you further." They went their ways and an hour - later Adam Bannister returned to his den. -Slam ming the door, his eyes glanced along the narrow space of flags. The shining spot was no longer visible. A low laugh fell pleas antly from the watchman's hairy mouth. "Good!, good '. 'Tint is something won already. Mr. Levi Blackshaw lias found his property and carried it ofi'. That bit of gold mav mean much. CHAPTER XXX. The Womax in Black. It was a fine clear night in November, and Orsden Moss was plunged in the silence which usually brooded over it from the full of the night to the breaking of clay. There was a nipping touch in the breath of the air, and the starry hosts of the firmament sparkled and scintillated as they alone do when the Frost King rides abroad. Along the waggon road which led from the colliery to the railway embankment some half-mile away, the watchman of the Moss was pacing messuredlv. Presently the solitary vigilkeeper came to a spot on the line of raihs which appeared to engross his at tention, for he paused suddenly and gazed about him as if in deep thought. The night was far from being a dark one, although the clock in the tower of the village church had some time ago chimed the hour prior to midnight and no moon was visible, ; but the joint effulgence of the countless stars Hooded the sharp air with a faint radiance. 'Standing there, Adam Bannister gazed firsfTi on either hand and then straight ahead of him. On each side of the waggon road a stile was visible ; a couple of hundred yards away the lights on the brow of tbe pits were to be seen, and further still the gas lamps in the streets of Orsden Green shone star-like through the intervening gloom. First at one stile and then at the other the shagg}' bearded watchman glared, his thick stick tapping the iron rail underfoot, and an exclamation falling from his lips. That the spot was reminiscent in some way of un pleasant things, -seemed apparent- from the old man's manner, and he—was- about to turn away-with an angry shrug when some thing caused him to drop quickly on .his hands and knees and creep into the shadow and shelter of some thick low bushes growing on the top of the siding near one, of; the stiles. ,... - —• Some moments later the reason. for the reason for the watchman's sudden act was apparent, when the tall, darkly-clad and lienvily-veiled figure of a woman glided up to the stile near the hidden watcher, and re mained niot-ienliiss there,- with her veiled countenance directed upon the empty waggon road. the outline of the women's face clearly enough, but the black network veiling her features was proof against his curious eyes. For a while he crouched there in'-.'eager.ex pectancy, and the stranger aiiuuil rigid at her nost. ' She was waiting for someone, that was certain. For whom did she wait, at such an hour, and in such a spot 1 "Why was sho so carefully veiled < Those questions arose unasked in the watchman's brain, and he would have given much to gratify his ardent curiosity. If she would but lift her veil for an instant, either to satisfy his doubts or confiriiiylus hopes, he might crawl ar/ay and leave her and -her* absent lover in peaceful possession of the scene. While those thoughts were running through the crouching man's mind, the soft patter of liui'rying feet was borne to his ears, and a few moments afterwards a man was facing the silent woman on the opposite side of tlie stile. . Theu lowly-muttered questions were asked ;ui(5 answered, the woman's veil ■wks flung upwards from lier face, and 'the sound of lips pressed together and drawn asunder lovinglj' floated on the quiet, frosty air. When the lovers drew apart, the woman's unveiled countenance stood revealed to the hungry-eyed watcher, and a low, sharp strangled moan of pain fell from his tongue. Luckily at that moment- the other man's voice was raised in clear and angry'protest. " What is the meaning, of this, Clara ? It is madness, and you'kriow it, to askme to meet you here. If we were seen together it would mean the ruin of' us both !" "Iknow, I know, Levi!" the woman half-sobbed. " But I wanted to see you so much before he returned/' "Returned ' Your husband is away from home, then ?" the man beside the stile asked in a tone of evident relief, as he vaulted over the stile. The watchman, huddled amidst the bushes breathed softly, and-listened intently. He had seen the woman's face, and was ready to swear then that she was no other than the fair-faced and sweet-voiced pit-Vmnr; girl to whom he had spoken on the .firsts-evening when lie commenced his duties as the watch in", n of (Jrsden Moss. Now he was mystified and less positive. He had heard Blacksliav address her as " Clara had heard him ask if heV"h"usl);imt was from home : and, feeling that lie was 011 the verse of some great discovery, he strove to calm his leaping pulses, to stem the rush of his wild thoughts, and listen in patience. "Yes; Mi'. Fain ell is away," the woman wont' <m when Illackshawhad dropped iightly 1 iv her side, " and 1 have .sometimes wished he might never come hack again. Why did you ever persuade rue to marry him ? I feel liov.-, Levi, thai-1 .shall never be happy again!" The woman's voice had the ring of bitter ness, pain and homeless misery in it, and the torn: in which her companion mauc answer was caveAess. flippant, even cynical. Who ever the woman was. and whatever might be the ties tii;\t bowm.1 them secretly together. it was evident that Blackshaw had tired of lier, and was glad she was tied to another. 1,1 Come, come, my dear," he said lightly, you must he sensible now, and look at the matter in a business-like way. What more can you uesire than you have gained ? Far nell loves the very ground you walk on ; he is cc-infA-tably ««}T. and can "give you all"you need : besides, which is perhaps most impor tant of all, he is a comparatively old man, a: d may set you free in a few years: - - '"A few year-.," unman murmured, as if she were speaking of. an -etevlik-y. "-'And ill die meantime, Levi ?" •• (i)i ! in the meantime you live your life, and take all the enjoyment that tomes your way. It is far better, you know, to be a rich old man's darling, my dear Clara, than tu be a poo" voung man's slave." His maimer appeared to hurt the v.oman mare than his uns-ntimentai words. She shrank back flora hiia. hidd him at arm's length wirh her gloved hands resting against his shoulder. and stared earnestly and mutely into his face. " I understand it all iiov,-. I understand !" she exclaimed with r. passionate outburst, as her hands fell from him. "J wight have known when yen pressed me to n-.arry him that you had tired of me. What fool I was ? What a fool I am still !''■ "Hush!" he commanded sternly. "Do you want someone to near : you in the village •" Then he added, h-: a softer and more winning v,-i\y, "Calm yourself, my dear, and do try to behave like a woman of commonsense. What is done can never be undone ; and I shall never tire of you so long as you are satisfied with what is'possible." '• The possible will never satisfy nienow !r' she cried defiantly. "I vill-go now and never trouble you again. May God help and forgive mo for what I Jiave done." She turned angrily away from him, hut lie caught her arm, and, whispering eagerly in her ear, lie walked along at her side in the direction of Maydock Lane. When the sound of their feet died away the watchman crept- out ot his hiding-place, ■ stood beside the stile and gazed, after the dim retreating figures. "Godknows that I never dreamt of this'." the watchman exclaimed to himself in a voice that was tremulous, yet glad, acd fill eel with ■wonder. '• I know now who; penned that damnable latter against Lettuce Forrester, but I have yet to learn what motive he could have in parting her and me. Patience ' Patience « Heaven willing, 11 shall know everything some day.- What, I have to do now is to make all the atonement in my power to that poor dear, sweet and sorely tried girl!" I With his lips still moving, and his brain still in a whirl, the watchman of Orsden Moss turned from the stile and went about his duty. All night long he trod to and fro between his little abode and the pit brow, and once, before the day broke grey and chilly in the east, lie tramped slowly through the sleeping village, pausing awhile in front oi' one small cottage wherein the woman of his dreams slf>nr. i "When morning came, and theiiron-tocgued steam whistle was iiooding the frosty air with its strident scream, telling-all .whom it miglit. concern that the half-hour between, five and six o'clock had cornel Adam Ban nister stood at the door of his Shut.watching the workers go past. j Shortly before six a tall girl,' with a sweet fair face, drew near the watchman. She was passing by with a pleasant smile ancr nod, when his raised hand arrested her feet and drew her to his side. "Read this! Be careful. ing " he wliisnered. Good morn She went on. wondering. acd "ripping .fast the square, often doublecl-up piece, of paper he had forced-into her', little brown hand. When she gained the icabin on the bank there were others pre.sent, and under some pretext she slipped off -her clog and .thrust the note inside. ; \- At breakfast-time, when she: had half-an hour to herself. Lettice stole.away to a quiet place, and there, taking off her wooden-soled foot covering, she recovered the paper and perused it. The following ■wore the brief "but pregnant .sentences it contained :— "It you wish to hear news of Mat Shel vocke meet me in my cabin between eleven and twelve to-night. There is good news for you. You must bring no one with you, nor must you breathe a word to .any living being either about this note or your visit. For Slat's sake and your own," come and trust "Adam Bannister." (To be coniinued.) 