A QUEENSLANDER ABROAD. By AV. Finucane. Returning to Brindis!, I was a witness to one of the most wonderful performances of the present age-the shipping of the India, China, and Australian mails. These mailb on the occEsion on which I was present numbered about 2500 bags. They carno direct from Calai3 in a special train oí waggons built for the purpose. On arrival at Brlndisi these bags are taken direct from the train to the steamer of the P. and 0. Company, which, fortunately, in Brlndisi comes alongside the wharf ; there is a string of post office bearers running to and fro for several hours. On arrival on the wharf they pull up at foot of toe gang- ways, of which there are two. The Lascar crew then load the steamer, which takC3 several hours. Each man takes a bag on his shoulders and his tally-stick, and runs up the left-hand plank, deposits the bag on deck, and returns done the right-hand plank for another. I do not think Brlndisi is celebrated for anything else. The journey from Brindis! > to Rome is remarkable for its length, the dust, and the execrable rali- way arrangements. Jt takes fourteen hours to accomplish it, to which one can- not object, if the comfort of the passengers was studied, but that is about the .¿at though: on the Italian railways. These railways are not built foi your comfort ; they are built to carry you, and if you like to travel by them you can-if not, you can leave it alone. I£ you are carried to your destination alive that is all you can ex- pect, and if you expect the train to wait at the biiflet until you had something to eut, and further expect to find food ready for you at the said buffet, then you must be a mighty particular person. Until a little past Barletta you skirt the Adriatic. On the left you have beautiful country under cultivation-olives, grapes, and all imagin- able fruit. On the right a splendid view of tlie coast. You then cut across the Conti- nent lrom east to west, crossing thé"Apen nines, and this gives you an opportunity of seeing what the heart of Italy is made of, especially the heart of the railway official. At Foggin, the junction of the Adriatic and Naples lines, there is nn immense station, from which I gather there is much trafile. At Coserla you change trains-that is if you want to go to Rome and not to Naples. It is one of the most beautiful spots in Southern Italy, and that is saying a good deal. It has been embellished by a ni03t imposing palace in full view of the railway station, built by one of the Kings of Naples. The place is within a few miles o£ Naples, and can be reached by rail as well as by an excellent road, shaded all the way by very large trees. Arproaching Rome, the fact is made known by the beautiful aqueduct tor the remains of it), which once supplied the city with water. You soon enter the railway station, which is a very large one. When you slr.g out the name of the hotel you have chosen the hotel touts are magnanimous enough to even puint out the man you want. He takes charge of you and your luggage, and if you say that you aro not a sumner that is, it you are not, like myself-you get off easily at the Customs. The fact that you are coming from another port of Italy means nothing, because in Italy there '<a the Octroi tax-that is, a tax imposed by the municipal authorities, in which the Go- vernment participates-upon all consumable ai Helen; and if you only go beyond the municipal boundary for a drive, you are liable to be searched on your return, though I must confess I have never seen any ofti ciou(=ness displayed. Of course the tax col- lectors knew their mark. When you get to Rome you never think of doing as Rome does ; if you did it would save you much trouble. Rut you do as the tourist does. You rush to St. Peter's, invade the Vatican and the Capitol, scale the Colosseum, and take it by assault ; you prowl the Forum ; then you carry an open book-the guide- book-and you look for all the world, especially if you wear spectacles (as the German tourist invariably does), as if you are about holding an open- air meeting. Then you have beside you a living guide, an Italian who speaks English imperfectly and stuffs you with the most awful non- sense imaginable. You 'look solemn ; everything appears to you grand, immense, glorious, superb. You believe all tho anecdotes which the guide tells you about the pictures which Raphael, Michael Angelo, Domenlchino, and other celebrities painted, and which those worthies no more painted than I did. After this guide has done with you, you go away somewhat flabber- gasted, and you fancy you have spent the proudest day of your life, and so does the guide feel when he has knocked out of you more than his whole living carcass is worth. However much I may despise that guide, experience has taught me not to be too hasty, for you may have to knuckle down to htm after all. I had. Rome is the greatest combination of a topsy-turvy city in the world, and you only want to see it to believe that it is, as often described, eternal-yes, eternal ; you can never wipe it out. You have only to see It without ever having read a line of Its history to see what varied vicissitudes the unfortunate place has undergone. Yet there she stands, with the monuments testifying to her ancient magnificence disintered frbin her early grandiose ruins. Her vast and mag- nificent churches, palaces, galleries, columns, statues, fountains, and obelisks all there-her extensive and lucrative stock in-trade. The Forum is an example of what that unfortunate city has gone through; everything In it is in such confusion that no ordinary mind can form the slightest idea of what it originally was like. See- ing that the place is in such a condition, one would imagine that it would strike some smart man to erect a building on the spot, when the whole Forum could be shown in a restored condition, in the same way that the Parthenon is shown in the British Museum ; there is money in the enter- prise, I can see. To write of St. Peter's means writing of something colossal, enor- mous. Everyone has read that it Is the largest church in the world, but when you see it you can safely lay 1000 to 1 that it is. In the square the people and even the cabs look so small that you feel inclined to walk up to them and put them in your pocket, as you would a toy. Insids "the ciiurch everything is proportionately ni mense, and that is the great beauty of St. Petei's. You look up aud you see an angel which would weigh a ton, and an apostle ?whose big toe would turn the scales at :l'b. The people inside the building louk like ants. I feel no desire to know what tho length, breadth, and height of the building Is. I have seen it, and that ia q»:ite enough. The greatest marvel of artistic skill in the church is the chair of St. Peter, behind the confessional. It is the semi- circle of the upper part of the principal nave, adorned by the design of Michael Angelo. Above the altar are four colossal statues in bronze, by Bernini, re- presenting Saints Ambrose, Augustin, Athanasius, and John Chrysostom, siipport ing a chair, alBO in bronze, within which is enclosed the chair of St. Peter. The chair is crowned by a glory, also by Bernini, composed by angels and seraphims and the Holy Ghost, represented In the usual form of a dove, is on a transparent ground, the effect of which is most beautiful. The robes of tho four saints named are made to appear as if the wind was blowing them about, and this suggests to you the ad- visability of going as soon as possible, as a gale is approaching. There is a large number of confessionals In the church, and confessions can be heard in thirteen differ- ent langui ges. One can hardly conceive that men of such great ideas as the Pon- tiffs who had control of the purse and were lavish enough with It as to use it on such vast monuments, and with such noble artists ajd architects for their advisers as Michael Angelo and 'Bernini, could"" have crowded in such a prodigious building among the slums of the city, for St. Peter's stands among the slums. Even the Vati- can is outwardly a vast ugly barrack, packed right against the church, the effect of which is by no means good ; indeed, It Is an eyesore. The approaches to St Peter's .ire by two narrow streets, with dirty shops-you do not see the church until you have gone through those abomin- able lanes, crowded with dirty men and women and squalling children. It is pro- posed to pull down a whole section of these quarters, to open a space which will threw this noble edifice to view Imme- diately you cross the bridge Saint Angelo, at the foot of the castle, but I fear the cost will be too great to be undertaken by the present generation. A vast, amount of monçy .has been spent in -improving Rome of lateyears ; some very fine streets have been opened up, extensive embankments have been built along the Tiber, new bridges thrown across the river, magnificent bui.d ings and fountains erected, squares and gardens formed, and the streets are kept scrupulously clean. As Rome has the finest supply cf water in the world, ad- vantage waa taken of this gift of Nature to erect what must be the grandest fountains in the world. Thit of TreVi is a perfect marvel. It has a beauti- ful facade of sculptures placed on the living rock, out ot which Hows the water like a river into a basin which in Australia would he a fair-sized lake. Those in Piazza Na- vena and in front of St. Peter's are equally imposing, and there are numerous others, while the ordinary street fountains are run- ning day end night, the water from which is as cold as If Iced, a privilege the Roman should appreciate in a country where the heat in summer is more severe than it is In any part of Australia, because in Rome tho nights are warm as well as the day=. Having the pleasure of the acquaintance of Monsignor Antonini, once of Brisbane, I had the privilege of visiting certain apart- ments in the Vatican which are closed to the public. In these rooms are seen many presents, consisting chiefly of sculptures and vases of very considerable value, wnlch Plus IX received from different monarchs during his pontificate. By the Scala regia -the public cnt'-anee-you enter the \ ati can, and a small, narrow staiis leads you to the Sixtine Chapel, the marvel of artistic conception. The grand work of all, how- ever, is Michael Augelo's "Last Judgment," which occupies the wall over the entrance. I was very sorry to find that this hall, for that is íeally what it is, has suffered very much from neglect. The walls, all of which aro co^ered with frescoes, bear evidence of having been injured greatly from dampness: many parts of the paintings are actually doFtrcyed. The whole pluce looks as ii a liberal application of the hose would do it all the good in the world. Above aro the vest picture galleries, and in room. 19 Rafiaello's " Transfiguration Upon Mount Tabor," an 1 " Madonna of Foligno," an.i Domenenichino's " Communion of St. Jeromo" can be seen. The first picture bears evidence of having been partly re- stored. In lhese rooms are also seen works said to bo by Leonardo da Vinci, Guerciuo, Mantegna, Perugino, Fra Angélico, Murillo, Tiziano, Pinturicchlo, Guido Reni, Annibal Caracci, Andrea Sacchl, and many other painters of renown ; but I fear that the authenticity of many of the paintings l3 doubtful. Any way, there tiley aro, and the tour'st who is not very critical stands with his mouth rpen Lefore them, and, very pro- perly, admires them. The gallery of sculp- tures is at the back, where can be seen the sleeping Ariadne, the Laccoon, the Mercury of the Belvedere, and the Apollo Belvedeie, and, of course, numberless other works of great artistic merit. In the capital you see the dying gladiator who does not appear to be a gladiator ; but no matter who the poor fellow was, he looks decidedly sick. In the picture gallery hangs the well-known portrait of Michael Angelo by himself. Both the p'c ture and sculpture galleries in the palaces forming the capital are enormous, and contain a vast number of paintings, statues, &c.; In the church of San Pietro, in Vincoli, in the right aisle is the cele- brated "Moses," by Michael Angelo. I >am sorry to say that to find the abode of this most celebrated'' work in existence requires some .navigation. In the Parthe- non you find staring you in the face, the moment you enter, the tomb of Victor Emanuel, while that of Raphael, unless pointed out to you, you cannot lind. Such is the world. The Parthenon was erected by Agrippa twenty-seven years B.C. It has been for many centuries a Christian church, and is dedicated to Santa Maila and Martyrs, but no one knows it by that name. It is still the " Parthenon." In the Church of San Onofrlo Is burled Tor- quato Tasso, one of Italy's greatest poets. The monastery is presided over by Father Romani, once the parish priest at Nanango. I spent a very pleasant afternoon with this old friend. To write of the various galleries ' and churches, these labyrinths of art, so as to give an idea of what is to be seen in Rome, would mean devoting your whole time to that occupation alone, while the descrip- tions would far exceed any space a news- paper cotfld conveniently spare, and as my stay In Rome was short, sufficient only to accomplish my work and no more, I have had little opportunity to enable me to speak more than I have done from personal observatiou. I must, before concluding, say a good work for an individual who well deserves it-the Roman cabman, who Is the most decent specimen of his genus I have met since I left the colony, but I am sorry to say he is not much of a driver. 