THE DEVIL'S - HEAD .PiniMeinai Br SrBoun AnsAJiaEHEXT. By J. FITZGERALD MOLLOY, Author, of "An Excollont Knave," "The Life and Adventures of Peg Wofflngton," "How Camo Ho Dead," " A Justified Sinner," " On Wheels of Fire," i "Tho Moat Gorgeous Lady Blesslngton," &o.;, fair . CorvmonT.J , CHAPTER VIII. — ( Continued.) 1, ALWAYS hope for the 'jv bcBt and K e ' n H strive to be 1 jpa ohoorful,' / MR replied tbo major, pa- fy thotieally. pf - r /.l) 'If only ' AY. mirT Philip had livod a KAksL few months longor. I' But I have novor \- boon a lucky man, i , ' " 'icvof: If you only ' know, doar hoy, I xJ , - havo had trouhlos, hitter troubles, though. I show a bravo, heart.' And. ho wiped away a few \- "tears that had dimmed his bright' bluo . eyes. ' ' As for . myself,' romarked Rigol, gently, 'I- had no ideal should miss Philip so much.' ' Wo never know how muoh wo oaro for pooplo until thoy liavo loft us.- . And I can hardly realiso that ho is not with us still. I fancy 1 ought to hoar tlio sound of his footstaps coming fi'oin tho study, tho ring of his ohedry voice wolcoming'mo. And it seems bittor'to think how readily ho might lmvo V osOapcd this liooidont. Hall h6 gono homo by. tho other, way, ho would now, ho living. . Ho of all men ought to lmvo known how clangorous tho Devil's Itoad is on a dark and frosty night. Poor Philip.' . 'Whon I first saw tho plaool'was struck by its somhro uppcoranoo, though I littlo thought at tho timo how soon it- would bo connected with a ' tragedy, ,r Baid Rigol. ' Not the first of its kind that has ' happoned tlierd oithor,' Major Claypolo stated. 'Throo years ago' a. young ' i shophord missed ' his footiug lato at ,v night, and was found with his nook ; brokon at tho foot of tho precipice noxt . morning.' ' I hadn't hoard that.' 'You must havo tho pathway fenced,' tho major suggested. , j 1. 1 shall stop all traffic across tho hood- . | label in future,' answered Rigol. j ' And now, doar hoy, I must- got baok to Oriana.' ' : ' I shdll ho anxious to hoar how sho j is. I trust thoro will ho no fover; no I cause for anxiety.' ! 'I will toll hor of your -kind in- Ouiriea. They will choer hor, and I shall, come and boo you soon again. Perhaps I can ho of some holp to you \- during, this trying time,' siud tho major, -as he moved away witlr a pathotio nhsonco of his usual brisk air. . Two' days, later ail inquest' was hold to inquire into tho oircumstauoos of Sir Philip's death, Evidpnoo of idontifica- tion being taken, Mark Eraser, an under gardener, wus tho first witness examined. Whilst on tho way to tho castlo grounds, and at about scvou iu tho morhiug, ho had discovored Sir Philip's bod)' lying faco downwards at tho foot of tho Rovil's :Ho'ail. - Tlio deceased was quite cold. Witness hod run to tho castlo, tho nearest residence, whoro ho gave the alarm, and obtained assistanCo iu removing tho body. Doctor Einskung, wiio had boon sont for, then dosoribod tho body as being in a porfoetlj' healthy condition. Death had roBulted from a wound two -inclics deep on tho lofttomplo through. -com ing in. contact With a Bhdrp stono. In his opinion life had boon oxtinot several hours whon tho body was discovored. . -.On being cross-examined, thodootor doclnrod that such a wound as tho temple showed was suffloiont to causo instant death. Tho force With whioh a hotly falling from a height of sovornl hundred foot would strike a sharp im- poding stono would satisfactorily uceouut for so sovorc a wound. Thoro too no signs or marks of sti'ain or violonco on tho body, oxeopt scratches on.tho fiico and hands, which) had boon produced by briars and bushes'. - Thoro W83 no indication of violonoo having boon used, or that tho docoasod had como to his death by any other means than by mcoiderit.. . ,, Rigol noxt . guvo oyidonoh" as; to iiio last tinio whon . ho' had scon his ooiuin alivo.y Thoy had met : in a oon-idor, tho evouing of Sir Philip's death, and oxchangcd a fow words .heforo cnoh went to his own- room. Thoy had not quarrelled nt any timo, nor had a diB- agroomeut ovor arisen botwoon thom; Rigol had dinod alono 'that ovoning, hncl ut uhout ton o'clock had gono to liis -bodroom. Next morning he had boon wakened from sleep to hoar of his cousin's death. Tho- clear and willing manner - in which ho gavo his ovidonco, .his doop feoling and gravo oomportmont, favourably impressed tho coroner and jury. Major Claypolo was noxt called, and stated that tho deceased had dinod at Cootmoi' Cottago on tho evening of his death. Thoy were alono on this occa sion, as Miss Cluypolo was ill. Sir Philip had semnotl in his usual health ; lie had shown no depression, but, on tho 'contrary, had spokon cheerfully of future planB, Ho had loft tho cottage about olovon o'clock. Witnoss had not again soon Sir Philip alive. Whon ho dined at Coetmor Cottago it had been his custom on' fine nights to walk homo j tho Way ho Usually took being across -tho Dovil's Head, as that w<iB the most direct, and shortest. WitnoSs. considered that on frosty ilights the path across the hoadland was doculedly dangerous, He did not know if tbis opinion was shared by tlio deceased. Witness had mado a remark to Sir Philip about tho dnrkiiess of the night, but tho latter hail replied that ho know ovcry inch of tho ground and that tho muou Would rise hofOVo twelve. ; _ In reply to a jury mail tho major said his daughter hail boon engaged to marry Sir l'hilip. Tlio engagement had not booh brokon off ; on tlio contrary the dato of hor marriage would havo been fixed tho oVeniug tho bnroliot dined with him had sho boon well onongh to Sob her fiiiueo. No misunderstanding or eStr.ingomout had over arison botwoon Witnoss and- tho deceased. Glyndwyr had last soon his mnstor alive as ho stopped iuto tho brougham that drovo him to Coetmor Cottago. Sir l'hilip had boon a considerate' master, nail never. wished his. servants to wait up for him. On returning Iuto it had boon his custom to enter by the portal in tho wostorn tower, of which he had a' ltitclikoy. Witness had gone t6 bed boforo oloven, and on his Way had hoard Mr. ltigol playing the fiddle in hie l'oohi. It. was witness who litul Woke Mr. ltigel noxt morning to toll him of tho tragedy. In answer to tho foreman, Glyndwyr said ho- had never hcaitl angry or un- plonsant words pass hotwoen Sir Philip null hie cousin ; to his knowlcdgo thoy luid noVor quarrelled, hut hntl always appeared good friends. Sorgennt Howls, a shhrp-nosoil, sln'owd-lookiug mnh,. stated that tho body had boon removed to tlio custlo whon ho had soon it, a course that should not liavo boon tukon .until tho polioo.had inspected the spot whoro, it was foiinil. Ho and his foUow offleofs had- immediately oxnmiilod the pliieo whoro tho docoasod hail lpbt Ihb tlenth.- Tho brushwood growing on tho sido of tho procipico 'showed tlio track takon by tho body in its descont. At tho bottom .of tho prooipico ho hnil found a sharp Btono covoreil with blood, which ho produced, whoso point, tlio ..doctor subsequently . affirmed, corresponded to tho indenture in tho loft tornplo of tlio deceased. Sorgonnt Howob furthermore stutod that the summit of thoprooipioo showed no signs of whoro tho deceased had slipped. As rain hod bogun to fall htifore tho examination took pluco, and tho frosty ground liud thawed, it wub impossible to find trncos of a struggle, if such hncl tnkon pluco. Iu his opinion Sir Philip had slipped on a smooth stono that lay omboddod in tho ground near tho - edgo of tho precipice, and roso an inch abovo tho oai'th, nuil in that way lost his footing. Tho last witnosB called was Goorge Eoulslium, a gamokcopor, a hrown- facod, Bliglitly-huilt young man with a look of strength in his dark oyes. Eor gouuratious his people had boon farmorfl on tho Trognzkea estate, until evil timcB falling on thom they were no longer able to rent thoiv land, when this, - the lost of thoir lino, had, iu pre ference to Booking his fortuno abrond, taken service as a gumokoopor, that ho might remain with liis parents, whoso support ho becamo. _ Georgo Eoulsham stated that on thd night Sir Philip mot his death he (wit noss) was in tho park. Whilst ho was sheltered by Bomo trees . about six hun dred yards from the Devil's Head, which then lay between , him and the / castlo, ho had heard a sharp und sudden cry tlint at first ho luid thought was a woman's voice. Ho waited to lionr if it would bo repeated, hilt no secoud cry' was givon. Ho thou con cluded tho sound hud comb from somo frightened- bird.'- Ho know that birds built on tho. sido of the precipice. Asked what ho how believed, ho hesi tated, tlion answered thut tho cry was so brief end sudden - ho obuld not Say, hut he supposed it was a bird disturbed by Sir l'nilip's fall. . Ho had gono forward towards the Dovil's Head, biit lmd heard' nothing moro during tho night. Ho hud men tioned having hoard tho sound to another gamokoopor boi'oro ho was aware of Sir Philip's death. 'Questions and. examina tions failing to guiii anything more from him,. it merely remained for tlio coroner to sum up. Tliis iio did brioily and clearly, pointing out tho absence of all ovidonco to prove that the docoasod had como by his. death 'through the ' instru mentality of another off others, or by auy menus save that of nccident; anil in agroemont with this viow the jury with out .hesitation, returned a vor'diot 6f- acoidontal death. ' . " And so it happened that within- a wook from tho dily qu. whioh Sir Philip Trognjskos lmd hoped to- have tho date of his mnrriago fixed,- "liis mortal remains were laid' with' tlio aahos of his ancestors in the dark vaults of Oymnor Abheyi Luto in tho night of tho day on whioh this ovont took placo, ltigol sat alone in the library. . Ho had ocoupied tho samo oliair since dinner time, neither attempting to road uor to writo, indeed sefireely stirring, his Uiitnl ooeupied by ono dominant thought that shut out nil others. : ' .. , . Tho chilliness of tlio room,, in whioli tlio firo had long died out, at InBt reused him, Whon ho roso' itrid walked bank wnifis and forwards, striving to rid himsolf of tho idon that gripped him. By dogreos tlio library 6oomotl to becomo n prison fi'om which ho sought to oscnpo, forget ting that it was his own thoughts from whioh ho strovo to break away. In .tho hope of tompornrily ridding himsolf of his hurdun, ho loft tho room, and following a long narrow passage, caino to a littlo hall. Hero ho put on his eont nnd qnp, and pnssiug tlirough tho povtal of the western tower camo upon u broad plntonu that flnnkod this sido of tlio castle and led to tho shrub bery, covering a stoop descont to tho valley. Tho night wus cold ; a pnlo, hazy sky, liglitoil by a luto moon, hung ovor on opnl-tintcil world — a world of profound siloneo and of porfeet peace. Now and then a breeze stirred tho dead leavos lying thick uround his foot. In tho nour distanco wore tho torracos, whoso whito statues peered like ghosts through tho gloom ; holbw strctchod tho troos, withored and black ami stirred by every broath, liko guilty Souls that trembled with strango fears. , Lighting, a cigar, ho moved slowly through this solitary molaneholy suono, always haunted by his thoughts. A movemont to tho right brought him in front of two poplar troos, straight and black, streaking tho fnco of tho low- lying moon. Instautly thoy recalled a certain' memorable night, whon he had waitod in a garden xiorir Florence whoSo black oyprcss trees had barred the yellow moon. There was warmth then in tho nir, and joy in his voins ; a languorous, delicious odour of orango nnd lemon groves, anil sweet-scented horbs socretiug themselves in tho under wood, had stolon on and exulted ' his sonsos, "Why not leave this place, with its oppressive associations, und return to tho south, whoro lifo might he enjoyed' to the full 1 he asked himsolf. Ho looked up at tho castlo, with its (iarkCucd windows, its massive towors, its vast size exaggerated m the gloom, its shadow stretching nrouud and beyond him. Tho placo hold him in its darkness. Ab he looked, tho clock struck midnight, und a shudder passed through, him, for tlio hell of thb obok was tlio samo that had tolled tho passing knoll for his uncle and his cousin, and its slow .toneB soomod funereal. Ho inoyod hurripdly away, whon a sound nS of following footsteps foil upon his car. Hp turned, but saw nothing save a withored loaf blown by tho wind, thou walked on onco more, only to hoar tho sumo Sound repeated. Again ho paused and listened, brnathlossly, some - sense of torror creeping ovor Hnd coworing- him. As -ho did;' the stops sounded more distinctly; tho branches of tho shruhh'ory in front wore parted and a man's figure appeared, liositutod, and thon advanced to whoro Sir Rigol stood in brouthlcBS surprise. Boforo ho camo quito oloso,- Rigol recognised Gooi'go Eoulsham, the gamokoopor, who had givon ovidonco at the inquiry. Rigol stared nt him in silonoo. Eoulsham touohod his fur oap, and. lookiug fixodlyat his master's faco, that iu tho moonlight soomod whito and im movable as ninrblo, said, 1 Bog pardon, Sir ltigol.' ' Ab; Eoulsham, you are looking after thopoaohora. Havo tho rasoals boon troublosomo of lato?' Rigol said, striving to concoal tho dismay lio folt at tho undosircd appenrauoo of this witnoss at tho inquost. , ' It's not that, Sir Rigol,' tho gamo koopor ropliod, a little awkwardly, as ho fixotl liis oyos upon hiB master's faco. 'No?' ' ' 1 lmvo been waiting for a olinneo of speaking to you for Bomo days ; and when in tho Bhubbory I hoard somcono moving about I thought it was likoly to ho you, so I oarao up. Hope you'll oxcuso mo, Sir Rigol.' Tho bowildcrraont and susponso Rigel lmd folt at first < sight of tho man doopened at his words. 'You Want to spoak to mo?.' ho remarked, by way of saying something, whilst ho strove to control himsolf. 'If you pleaso, Sir Rigol,' replied Eoulsham, jn a grave voioo. 1 What is it ? ' Rigol jorkod out as he camo closer to him. Tho gamokoeper hesitated in his answer, whilst his embarrassment in- orOased. 1 'Tell me— tell mo,' said Rigel, Eoulsham looked ovor hie shoulder towards the shrubberies and around him, where the black shadows of the eastlo walls fell Upon the terraces, before replying. 1 If you please, Sir Rigel, . I would rather talk to you Whoro there's n6 ohance of what I say being overheard.' fro »k eoifflOTBp. f. 