THE BOULDER RAILWAY. . TO THE EDITOR OF THE KALGOORLIE MINES. Sir, — Following on the trail of those worthy gentlemen who have waxed so in dignant auent the proposed route of the above railway, I will crave sufficleut space to add my quota to the list, and, if possible, endeavor to show that there is to this ques tion two side3 instead of one. Certain Kal goorlie residents petitioned their civic dignitary, the Mayor, to convene a meeting of the ?' citizens of Kalgoorlie' for the purpose of condemning the action of the Government in deviating the proposed rail way route to the town of Boulder. Having gagged the mouths of the only persons .interested, namely, the residents of the Boulder, by reason of their not being invited to the meeting and not being li citizens of Kalgoorlie,' the Mayor o£ Kalgoorlie i-suas written invitations to those mining managers whom he knew to be friendly to the bsst interests of Kalgoorlie, irrespective of what the Boulder people suffered, and th-'n pro ceeds to publish abroad the resolutions of this (i party hole-and-corner meeting ' as the finding of a truly representative public gathering. In his opening speech the Hon Mr Parsons alludes to the Commis sioner of Public Works having met delegates from what he terms the various loc-:l public bodies, whose opinions are presumed to be a controlling influence, on the route of a pro posed 'i ail way in which they have no interest, and who by virtue of their own official records prove conclusively that their interests began and end with the boundaries of the Munici pality of Kalgoorlie. The East Coolgardle Koads Board might well change its name to i: Kalgoorlie,' for residents of the Boulder will never miss it, as we only feel its presence when an opportunity arises for it to jeopar dise the interests of the people it has the audacity to presume it represents. The Workers' Association is a body to which in this case I need make no reference. The Chamber or Mines is another hazy encum berance branded ' Kalgoorlie.' The Muni cipal Council is within its own boundaries a power of strength, but beyond that its in influence is as dead as Caesar's ghost. The Institute ot Mining Managers is a body for which I entertain the highest respect, and any resolutions emanating from them is certainly worthy of ? ??* attention, bui siionlf \m weighed in ihe balance with the many other interests at stake. The petty effnsbns of the Hon. Alex. Mathesou show his lamentable ignorance of local requirements. The carnage of fual for ore roasting is the only argument raissd by Mr Hamilton which c ;m,-letely gives away the necessity. of a line. .for ore traffic, and an unlimited supply of firewood is obtainable in any direction round thj Boulder mi nes- Mr Giillahan's statement; that the proposed Bouller station wouid be one mile from the mine3 is an exaggeration, as the ore siding' to the miues would not exceed 15 .chains' It is, Sir, a great pity that such gentlemen as the Hon. J. H. Taylor did not agitate to run the line from Norcham direct to the Boulder mine, for his puerile arguments prove that what is true of the LJouUler is true of Kal goorlie. The r lilway has mad.j Kalgoorlie the distributing centre of the goldfiifl.ls, and the residents oE the Boulder are now alive to the fact that they, too', are to play an important part in compiling the history of this portion of our native land. In conclusion, allow me- to draw, attention, .to the hypocritical platitudes of. the Mayor of lvalgoorUe, who speaks of linkins: the town's of; Kalgoorlie and Boulder together. There was an openr straightforward course tor him to follow — viz, to commeud the action , of the Govern merit in affording us the proposed railway communication, and then to have solicited' the support of all classes in securing for the mines what conveniences are necessary. Had- ? this course been pursued w-j would know that our neighbors were at least sincere. They.have gone in direct opposition to our vested interests, and, having tossed the iiauntlet, there is not? much doubt of its bjing accepted. .The route now adopted is cirrect. The contour of the country cast of' the town of Boulder is all that could be de sired for a railway s'atujn, and level country is indispensable for shunting operations, be sides the line to Bulong will be a continuation of the Boulder railway, and one day I hope to see it on to Lefroy, and thence to Esper ance. The Government' have built- four hundred miles of raihvaj through the colony for the goldfields, and a siding from the^ ?Boulder Railway Station running south-east, and traversing the valley on the north-east o£ the Ivanhoe, and running on to the south west of the Boulder Perseverance, the prin cipal mines will be fairly dealt with. Instances may' ba cited in the eastern . colonies, where the various coal mines, saw mills, et-\, put in their own sidings, and their traffic is constant and worth catering for; but running a Hue of railway to every gold riiine ? (a few cats included) is certainly a new departure, and one, which any Govern ment would be foolish to countenance. Apologising for trespassing ' on so much of your valuable spac1, hoping fur justice and.. less hypocrisy from our neighbors. — L am, etc., JOHN M. HOPKINS. Boulder, July 25. 