BY THE DOWIE DENS 0' YARBOW. The sunshine of late autumn falls warmly in the inn doorway here mnd ?on the road in front ; and the sky, despite the ominous darkness of last 'night, is all but clear of cloud. No sound of rude, traffic breaks upon tbe pastoral stillness of the spot. Only the river below, murmuring over its pebbles, seems recounting to itself the ?old-world memories of the banks between which it runs. Though it is not yet nine o'clock, yonder blithe lass in shepherd-tartan plaid, and with a basket on. her arm, singing to herself as she comes up the road, hat been down to Yarrow Feus already. She turns across the bridge, twenty yards off, says tbe landlady, to Hogg's Farm of Altrive Lake. It lies only a few miles off, and the same road leads on through the hills to tho ruined keep of Tusbielaw on the Ettrick — a pleasant forenoon's ramble. ' It would surely be a mistake to pass through the most storied valley of the North without making * pilgrimage to the home of its sweet singer. A word, then, to 'mine hostess,' as to fare, later on, a moment to pocket ' some temporary provender, and then aivay after yon gentle pioneer. Hogg had dedicated his 'Queen's Wake ' to the Duchess of Buccleuch, And she on her deathbed besought her husband to ' remember her poor poet.' The Duke accordingly bestowed tbe little farm of Altrive Lake upon Hogg for life, without rent or fee ; and, grateful to his patron, the Ettrick Shepherd came to live on the spot in 1815\. Here, in 1819, be brought his lady wife, to make it ' the dearest spot , on earth to him ;' here he reared the j ' flowers of the forest,' as he called his | children ; aud here, in 1835, he died, j three years after Sir Walter Scott, A , thousand times, one cannot help ! remembering must the kind-eyed poet , have strolled down this road, carrying j in his heart, as Christopher North averred, the dream of Kiimeny, or, as is perhaps more likely, with the smile wreathing hit- lip at some remembered word of wife or child. Certain it is that upon many * morning be gathered inspiration from these quiet hills. A thousand times he has betaken himself, rod in hand, aud in the company of some chosen guest, to angle in the rushing Yarrow ; and as often has he returned at night with heavy basket, to instal bis tired friend by the genial hearth at Altrivo. For Hogg, with the narrow estate of a yoeman, had the hospitable heart of a yrince. All day might by spent lingering here amid the scenes of Old Border memories— *he ruined keep of Tushie Jaw on Ettrick bank, where, on a summer day in 1529, James V. executed swift, sharp jastice by bang ing the reiver Adam Scott over his own gate ; Ettrick Kirk, where Thomas Boston spent the years of Iiis ministry, writing the once famoux ' Fourfold State,' 'The Crook in the Lot,' and other books, and where, far | fi-oin tbe haunts -of busy men, he raised himself to be one of the greatest scholars and theologians of til's -3ay ; ?and Ettiick Kirkyani, where, rinse by i ?the vault of the Seotts of Thirlstsine, tie the remains of Jaiuos Hogg and of Lis gttondam hostess, Tibbie SliieSs. But the countryside by Yarrow Water remains to be traversed yet- and already = the hours ate wearing on. Below the Gordon Inn on Yarrow, side stands the monument of one of the Ettrick Shepherd's many mis fortunes—Mount Benger farm. la the famous 'Nnntm' kk ;» n.j. i. speak with high hope of hi6 new ad venture here ; but tbe leasing of the place tied a millstone round his neck which dragged upon him till his last f*J- .Hogg, it is to be feared, was hke (us master Burns, no great farmer. Under the windows of the house the nyer runs, growing in volume to the village of Yarrow itself; and here, in the heart of Border song-land, lies the scene of the fatal combat so far renowned in minstrelsy. Hamilton of Bangonr wove the story into his beautiful and tender unes ?? ro mg tbe birks on tbe braes of Yarrow,' and Allan Ramcay into hii well-known ' Busk ye, busk ye tny bonnie, bonnie bride ?' but it is the' name of the ancient ballad attached to the spot which is best known, and which will ever remain in the heart of the North a synonym for sorrow. Here it was that — -j-.i vuc uvnic urua u x arrow. Thay «et a combat them between To fight it on the morrow. Annan's Treat (or more probably Annan-street), to the west of Yarrow Kirk, is the spot pointed out by tradi tion as the scene of the fight. Hera, as far as the details and the names of the combatants can be made out Walter Scott, third son of Robert of Thirlstane, was laylaid and slain by his brother-in-la*, John Scott, of Tushielaw. Ifc appears that they were to nave met alone ; but the young bridegroom, on riding up the strath, found himself confronted by nina enemies. Despite such odds, however, be seems to have made a gallant stand : — ' ' Four has he hurt and five has alain, On the bloody brara o' Yarrow ; Till » coward knight came him behind And ran his body thorough. Tradition has it that the feud had b»n : caused by the lady's father allotting her a dowry larger than her grasping brother could approve. The ballad, -u the other hand, makes the irate, brother allege, as his pretext for quarrel, that some slight had been; offered to his sister. The lady's, grief over her fallen lover, however, makes the former the more probable source of enmity. She kissed hie cheek, she kaimed his bair, ?si, S.- 5^hed !?'» WO»D-38 all thorough ; one loosed them till hm- linu wu» »j On the dowie dens o' Yarrow. Such is tbe pitiful story of the place as told by tradition and song ? the. story to which, most of all, perhaps, the quiet little valley owes its fame. Memories of many centuries, how ever, gather thickly in tbe little valley. At all times the Borderland has felt the stirring of the nation's tides, and the legends of Yarrow form a fair index to the history of the fftiinfr.Mf at- lfi..f»A f|M..._ I ? ;j. .1 wuuvij 0.1. iui£e. xnus, oesiae tne relics of mediaeyaJ and prehistoric times, tbe history of the Covenanting struggle might be read by the light of its associations here. The manse of Yarrow Kirk, at hand, was the dwell ing of John Brenner, the Mess John of a well-known ballad. One nl tbe curates thrust upon the people by the prelatic acts of Charles IL, he is famous as having played the unworthy part of spy upon bis flock. By mean* of a certain ' strange guant woman ' uo n« wuub w lurmsn we uovern ment with tidings of convienticies about to be held among the hills, and in this way betrayed the lives of many of the people among whom he waa placed, until at last tbey shot him through his own parlour window. Point after point an the valley descends strikes a chord of old-world interest. After passing, perched among the trees on the river's opposite bank, the village of Yarrowford, with its lights twinkling through the dusk, us pleasant sound of voices, and the tinkle ©f the village smithy, the road plunges into the darkness under the heavy woods of Hangingsbaw. Here, where the air is -rich already with the I nightxeante, stands tbe mined strong hold of the Outlaw Murmy, prince of tbe Isbroftelite* of the Border, whose Was ««tjg* or ballad, goott Bays, i has -been popular for ages ra Selkirk shire, -Swift and dark, and with deep, ' cool gurgte, the river runs here below its bridge. A lonely and errie spot it bet such an hoar in tbe heart of the w-»t mil 'lAiun — me daunt, it well wight be, of the ghosts of old marauders, booted and spurred. Yonder oamage lights, corning down under the trees ia the blackness, might easily be the bright, tfiaiaieg eyas of some devouring dr*gOH, so weird -are *he place's memories. Somewhere -on the south iiank Ijelow rises «*lie ' shattered front of Newark's towers,' reminiscent wf James IL and of ' the ' bold Boccleuch,' and its couitfxrd ? — ? ? stained with tbe blood of the Boyalist prisoners slain there by the Covenanters wter Philiphaagh: * Though the shrob springs »ow lipon its broken wall -; to the fancy the place is peopled yet, by the wizard touch of Spotty with dame and squire and knightintent upon that heroic 'Lay,' shanted by the last of j the minstrels. And the wanderer to aay aoout the spot may come upon a little mount, fir-clad, that seems wait^ ing for its story. Said tohave been part of the ancient garden of the castle, tradition runs tbat there the Outlaw Murray was slain by one of i 4be Seotts. Carterliaugh, the woody] tongue of land below, whfere Yarrow and Ettrick ''rush into each other's arms,' is the spot where Tamlane, According to the ballad which bears his j oame, w*s freed from enchantment by 1 the 'fair Janet.' Here, they say j one naa kilted her ween kirtle A little abune her kn«e: And abe bu braided her yellow hair . A little abune her bree. And here, on Hallowe'en, site sets the pails of water and milk with whieb to fcreak the Bpell cast about her lover by i the fairy queen. That, it is said, was j the last appearance of the fairy- folk to mortal eyes, though on the grass are still pointed out the rings traced by J their starlight revels. „ I Born amid euch romantic and weird ) surroundings at *he quiet farm-house az rouisnieias, close by, it is small marvel that Mungo Park was attracted to the. adventurous life of an African : explorer. i One more point of interest remains —the wood-hung battlefield of Philip haugh, now the park about the seal of the Outlaw Murray's descendant. Here, by Lesley's surprise and defeat of Montrose, in 1645, the cause of the First Charles was lost in Scotland. B y some strange oversight Montrose had left his infantry encamped on the field, while he himself with the cavalry quartered in Selkirk, a mile away. Lesley, coming up at dawn from Melrose, seized the opportunity, and, cut the Royalist foot to pieces before ; the horse could come . to their assist- j ance ; and dire and effectual was the I work done here by the Covenanting broadswords on tbat misty September morning 1 ?''.?? jrres«n«y, -tae- lights of Selkirk appear, begemming, like fireflies, the darkness of the opposite hillside ; end there, after the long day's ramble among the storied' scenes of this quiet Border Valley, will be found rest and refreshment amid the comforts of! 'rojneinn.'' i . , 