JpHN fflijbPpj pUR£/lN: BY " IRIS1I AUSTRALIAN." IP-ALRT V. " I Air heavily censured,' emu ho, for nav- ing acted for them iu tho late prosocutions, I fool io' shamo at such a charge, eifcopt that of its boing made nt siioh a timo. as this, that to dofend tho- ncopld should bo held up as an imputotiou upon tho King's Oounsol, when tho pcoplo aro prosecuted by tho State. I think oyefy counsel is the proporty of his follow subjects. If, iu- doed, because I woro his Majesty's gowo I had declined my duty, or had dono it weakly or treacherously— it I had mado that gown a inantio of hypocrisy, and had botrayod my client', or socrificod hiin to nny personal viow —I might porliaps havo boon thought wisor by tboso who havo blamod me, but I should-havo thought raysolf the basest villain upon earth." In Curran's eharaotor thoro was much of tho gravo and solemn, nny, there waB a high tono of reli gion ; and it was no uncommon thing for him whon appealing to a jury on bohalf of a client, whoso lifo.jvqs at Btuko, to bring boforo thoir minds tho terrors of tho judg ment that awaited theuificlvos at the hour of death. And thiho (lid not in a spirit of rhotoncalj affooJ(it.d, much less in a spirit of hypocrisy J hut as nno thoroughly imbuod.witlytho awful impressions which ho would (am impart ro nisnenrors. novor- theless, in privatoj'nnd siimotimes in public, ho displayed a wit and -humour. eviucing n most vivoeious toinpbrament ; and "as wo always more willingly hoar what inukes us smilo rather than bo sad. I shall relate for tho pleasure of my roadors some iustuncos of Curran's wit, to divart thoin for a whilo from tho'sorious contemplation of his char acter. Many of my roadors, no dnubt, nro familiar with the following. - One day Ciu - ran on ohlcrlng the court, observed one of the barristers whoso wig for seme reason excitod tho attention,, nnd . pi- ovokeil the loud lnuglitor of his fellow lawyors. "Cur- rnn." ho oxclaimed, ho exclaimed, "do you sco anything riuicuious in this wig r "Mo my doar follow, nothing hut tho bond." A hot fool, plungod in'distross, was playing at billiards, and having wagered his only guinoa ou tho sucrose of tho game, bocamo tremulously anxious 'on tho lost stroke of the ball, porceiving tho clook giving notice to etrlko one, as he hoped, nnd fearing somo distraction, ho pnitsod for a moment ; nnu- tlior and another succeeded, until the clook went on insonsibly tc twolvo. Thus sus- pondod, his irritation incronscd, ho played anl lost, and in his rago ho seized the hall, Ctnvo it at tho clook with such fury nnd f»rco that ho broke itto pieces. The'owner sought com'ponsatibn and obtained it. This being related in tho'.prcsonco ot Cun an, ho obsorvod that thutlnmagbs should have boou small as tho c'/ocfc tiruck first. Some time after tho Union; Curran was walking t>y Piirliamont Uouso with n certain mom- 1 . sh . v oar, a inouu 01 jii9, -wiiouuu buji|ioricu iuhi. lnsnsura. Tliis gontloinan obsorvod that he never passed thut ..Houso, without tho doopost molnncholy land rogrot. . ' I do not irouifor'nt ft," snid airran.:' "Inovor yet know a man who ha'd comiuittod murder who was not hauntetl by tho ghost, ot tho murdoroil whonovor ho" canio to tho spot whore tho foul dood'was dono." Such was tho cflect of Currnu'u pleasantry, that, ovon on ordinary occasions, servants in 'attend ing on tho table often bocamo suspended, liko tho bucket in, tho woll, and frequently started as it from .a rovoi ib wbo'i called upon for ordinary t attondanoo. Somotimos a wine-glass could not bo had, or if asked for, a knife or fork' was presontcd in its pluco; their facos turned away, you would bcur uothing hut nuppressod laughtor. Ho had a favourite nigger servant who lived with bim many yours; and to whom for his great fidolity, Curran was very muoh at tached. This poor-fellow was obsorvod for a fow days before his doparturo to bavo been oppressed . with' glnom and sadnoss, tho cause of which was not directly inquired into. Ono morning, whilo in this stato, ho came anxiously to-hiB master, and with ap- iisiuuii rvgivb uuu an hii ui uujuuuvii iw quested to bo discharged. Curran told him that, ho was vory much ooncernod to loso the services of so vory fuithful a person, that ho hdd a strong regard for him, eld., and on inquiry into tho reason for leaving him, the hlaok mao replied. " It is impos sible for mo to remain, longor with you, Massa." Why, my/good fellow, wo will soa you wqll taken caro of. "No, Massa, I eannot live any longer with you, lam los« jug my health with youj you make me laugh tou muoh.',' , Curran .woe onco en gaged on bohalf oftti tradesman, a citizen of Dublin, who had been ill- troatod. In jury woe adilod ' to> insult,- hb was horso- whippod, .bontqn dowii, and fulsoly im- pnseuod. He compjiiinod, tliroug Curran, to a aourtpf justtcei'and a jury hstonod to his talo of 'woo andTufloriags, which wan ted not the. colouring . of imagination. It was most effectively; told bjr his oounsol who spared uo ornaments to dross out the victim who had ulready suffered so muoh. His appeals were dooply affecting, becauso natural. Ho gave up to the jury the case of an innocent and oppressed mnn in torms whieh were directed to tho heart. Tbo jury and the audienoo woro touchod, hut tho cliont, who heard all, waB bo ovor- wuuiiuuu mub nti uurrtL luriu irom cno su- once he had so long maintained, with a sudden exclamation, accompanied by tears. " Oh ! my Lord and gentleman, " said ho, all tho counsellor has told .you is trno, every word of it; hut until this moment I never know thotlwas sooruellyill-trcated." If Curran Was ovor wantonly attacked ho replied in a mannor wliiah his adversary would not be likoly to forgot. C To le continutd.J On Saturday tho body of' an' unknown man, botwoon sixty and seventy; was found in Bangalore Creok, about fivo miles from the railway platform in tho direotiou of WillerooJ but from tho desoription, Mr. B. 0\. Cooper beliovos him. to bo a- man who camped for a few day at Willoroo a fort night ago. Ho then had d largo swag, but nothing was found with, the .body, except- an ouvolope addrcssod Mr. D. Gregory, 66 Auburn-stroot, Goulburn. Tho .crook has beon in flood, and it 'is siippbsod that the man wasdruwnod. 