-sieira aim?. a A TRAVELLER'S TRAGEDY. At daybreak Indian Tom emerged from his wickiup and stood at the doorway, open, as is the custom, toward the east, whence .Vthe desert tribes expect a Messiah. . He sur- ' veyed the forbidding landsoape with an air > . of proprietorship. Tall, gaunt, with an eye like a coyote'B, and a skin dinging dose to his- bony frame, tanned to yellow . . parphment by hundreds of electric storms, / Indian Tom waB a veritable wizard of the wilds. _ Not far to the westward rose the long, : undulating outlines of the Funeral Moun tains bordering Death Valley. On every ..... other band stretched the monotonous wastes of the Mojave Desert, now a long way of barren plain, now a range of bills rising above it. A few yards from Tom's habita tion was a pool of black water which oozed slowly from the ground on a little slope. When it reached a certain level, it over flowed and trickled in a narrow rivulet along the sands into a piece of ground enolosed by wires. Here it kept alive a scanty growth of native grasses. In the background of Indian Tom's immediate landscape were dozens of burros, which constituted his worldly wealth and made him a lord among his fellows. When a burro became famished to the point of starvation on the sparse sage brush, it was admitted to the little enclosure and permitted to feed until it could stand strong upon its legs. Then it was clubbed forth upon the desert again. Indian Tom often sold burros to prospectors, but the number did not diminish, and the source of constant supply was a mystery which no man had fathomed. Above the low mountains in the distant east the sun rose like a ball of fire. There were no soft tints of blue and purple along the summit to herald the approach of dawn and indicate a little moisture in the air. But instead came a sudden flare of light that burned. at once in the Bky and along the mountain sides and on the wide reaches of the plains. The air was shot through and through with penetrating, stinging rays. Here and there appeared puffs of wind, whirling sand aloft, with an ominous, swing ing, funnel-like motion. And in the far north theBe gradually increased, until a cloud of dust hung like a curtain againrt the sky, higher above the earth than the tops of the highest mountains. Indian Tom surveyed \- the scene, sniffed the hot blasts which saluted his withered nostrils, and muttered, in the composite lingo which he had picked up from prospectors of different nation aities ; Ugh ! Muoho calor ! Heap dam hot wind !' Then, as one of his squaws placed before him a ohunk of dingy-looking bread, a black bottle, and a savoury combination of jack- rabbit and bacon, he squatted beside them, : upon the ground, and attacked with great . . gusto, a breakfast which, for a' desert Indian, was an epicure's dream. Three hours later the shifting gusts of wind had united in a constant furnace-blast. And at a point fifteen miles from Indian Tom's, across the range, and upon the edge of the basin-like depression knowr. as Death v , Valley, two men were suffering constant torments from the almost insupportable heat. At the first indications of nn electric storm they had prepared an insufficient shelter by making a low tent of some canvas, under which they bad crawled for protection. They had also tried to shield their two burroB by muffling their heads in gunny-sacks, to screen them from the driving sands which rode on the sweeping blasts of the norther. This sand penetrated everywhere, and out the Bkin, if exposed, like needles. ' I wonder if the critters is alive ?' said Anderson, in a lull of the tempest which permitted the raising of his voice above the whistling of ihe wind. 4 If they be,' he added, 4 'twould be a mercy to wet their noses with a little water.' Grimes struggled to his feet, throwing off the weight of the oanvas, which had been pressed down upon them by the drifting sand. Five minutes later the burros had been resurrected, the gunny- Backs had been .removed from their heads, and their mouths had been thoroughly sponged. When these things had been done, and everything had been adjusted for a probable recurrence of the tempest, tbe men found that they had just one canteen of water left, one whioh had been filled at Ooyote Hole as they had come past a few hours before. It had been kept until the last ' as being the freshest. They each took a 4 pull' at this. 4 It's pretty bitter and brackish, ain't it?' Grimes remarked. 4 Some way I never like that water. It tastes to me like arsenic and asphalt. But— by , it's good 1 Give me ' some more. It's good, it's good, it's good. Ha ! this is life. No man knows what joy he pan get out of a little thing until he's been almost dead with hunger or with thirst. Don't you think so, paid ? « Don't be an idiotic fo il,' Anderson replied. 4 The wind's a-comih' up again. . Better curl down here behind the outfit, and lee that you make that water go jest as fur , as it will. If we can stand it till night, and the moon comes up, and the wind goes down, and the burroR is alive, and we can git to |V»rHftn Tom's, where there's water, we're all x right. But. if we can't— why, then we're jest dead and buried, and that's all there is \- of it,' was Anderson's grimly philosophical reply- i When the sun went down, blood- red in the west, the wind sank to rest, like the \- spent wrath of . an angry giant. The airy blankets of risible, palpitating heat, which bad been pressiuur' down upon the earth. Memed lifted all at once and flung abroad : . . into space. For a brief interval the darkness of niirbt swept over the mountains, pierced in the illimitable vault, overhead, by thousands of brilliant points of fire. Then tbe moon oame up, swimming in a sea of silvery radiance. Anderson aud Grimes, by a sup reme effort, aroused themselves from the lethargy which had overtaken them in the closing hours of the day, and prepared to leave the spot where so much suffering had been compressed into so brief a time. They bad adjusted the pack upon Nobles, tbe smaller of the two burros, and were preparing to 4 cinch' tbe load on Jerusalem, a big and brawny speoimen of her patient race, and their principal dependence as a pack animal. Anderson stood with his foot against her side, pulling on the rope that held the pack in plaoe, when properly ad justed. But there was no answering pull from the other side, where Grimes was stand ing. Anderson was angered. 4 Why the devil don't you pull ?' he 'thundered. Then, in gentler tones, 4 Why, boy, what in the name of Simon Peter's ghost is ailin' you ? Have you got the St. Vitus dance ?' Grimes was reeling in aimless circles, frothing at the month and making inarti culate cries of pain. Then he fell to the gronnd, and his legs and arms threshed the ground with spasmodic contortions. Then came nausea, worse than any seasickness. And a moment later Grimes sat up and 'pulled himself together.' 4 God !' he said. 4 That's terrible. It is the worst I ever had. Who would have thought a man could live through such pain as that ?' 4 1 tell you what,' Anderson replied. You've eaten something that don't agree with you— it's almost like poison. You're locoed. We've got to oamp here again and make some coffee to settle your stomach.' After a mile or two of travel almost in silence, Grimes called a halt. 4 I'll have to rest,' he said. 4 I'm sick again I hate to say so, but I can't go on.' 4 I'm pretty had myself,' Anderson replied, when they had stopped. 'Queer, isn't it?' Then, suddenly, he felt the same symptoms which had so tortured his friend, although in a lesser degree — spasmodic, uncontrol lable contractions of the muscles, a wretihed nausea, and a burning, intolerable thirst, which seemed to dry up every atom of vitality and to cleave to the very centres of existence. But Anderson was strong, and he fought like a lion against his unseen foe. 'It was in the water,' said Anderson. We've been poisoned. Those devilish coyote- bounty hunters have put strychnine iu the springs. Five dollars for a coyote's scalp and a man or two thrown in. Hell, what a country this is !' 4 It's that fiend, Indian Tom,' whispered Grimes. 4 He's poisoned the water at Ooyote Hole, and he'll be looking for our burros to morrow. If I can live long enough to stiok a knife into him, I'll be satisfied.' They traversed the Bloping rim of Death . Valley and the comparatively level ground above it, and came to the long, winding canon which opens upon the confines of the valley and, at its upper extremity, forms a pass in the Funeral range, beyond which lie those continuations of the desert where, at this: time, Indian Tom's wickiup and the adjacent springs were the moBt important signs of life. At intervals, when Jerusalem, staggering beneath her double load, stopped to rest, Anderson was com- pelled to listen to the delirious ravings of his friend, who constantly begged for Bur- cease from pain by death as for Borne priceless favour. The situation was intolerably oppressive to Anderson. The physical pain which he endured, although terrible, was nothing iu comparison with his mental torments as he listened to his friend. There were moments when he despaired of the issue, and argued with himself that neither oould survive the toilsome journey; that both must die ; and that it were better to end all at once. They had almost completed the ascent of the canon, and the burros paused, from sheer inability ,to move further, upon the highest point , where the sides of the gorge dropped abruptly away into unknown depths, shrouded in darkness, where there was no fantastie play of the moonlight. Here Grimes called softly for water, asking in the tone of a spoiled child who believes that its mother denies its request from caprice. There was something in the tone and iu the repeated, insistent demand that out Anderson to tbe heart. It was really such a little thing, yet so impossible; '"Water, wafer, won't you give me water ? Only oue drop, one little drop, and I'll be satisfied.' Come, ' said Anderson, gently, 4 can't you be yourself for jest a minute ? Don't you know that I can't give you water? Try to reason, jest a little.' Water!' was the imperious reply — ' water, or kill me, in meroy !' Anderson drew his revolver from its bolster for the first time. The moonlight glanced from the polished Bteel as he hs-ld the handle towards Grimes. He intended to test him. 4 Here is the revolver,' he said. 4 Take it and use it.' ... 4 1 can't,' was the reply. 4 My arms are paralysed. I can't lift my elbows. Don't you see that I'm only a wreck of a man — nothing left of me exoept a voice and a brain that's all on fire? Anderson, I'm myself now. I know what I'm saying, and I call on you, as you are my friend, to do your duty.' Anderson hesitated for a' moment. He wavered to and fro and toyed with the re volver, undecided. Then, with a quick movement; he turned; the -weapon upon his own heart' and pulled the trigger. There was a report, followed by a cry. Anderson threw his arms into the air, fell, olutohed vainly at the edge of the precipice, and dis appeared into the depths. Again, at the first break of day, Indian Tom stood at the door of his wickiup, holding erect his meagre form, unbent by the weight of b hundred years, and gazing I into the far reaches of tbe. landsoape. The atmosphere, swept by the norther of the day before free from every particle of moisture, was perfectly, transparent, and every outline of the mountains, every naked rock and shrunk on desert bush, was distinct with a startling individuality. Here and there a jaok-rabbit bounded over the barren plain, or a ooyote sneaked away from the approach of day. Shuffling unsteadily across the sands came two grey forms which Tom watched intently from their first appearance in the distance. Nobles was in advanc ?, with the lighter load, crazed for water, and frantic to bury her nose in the black, sluggish ooze beneath the shadow of Tom's habitation.. Then came Jerusalem, trembling with fe7er and weari ness, and staggering under her two- fold burden. For, lying back upon the blankets, tied so that ic could not fall, were a human form, rigid, uncovered, the beard and cheeks bleared with bloody foam, the glassy eyes staring unmoved into the face of the morning sun. Then Indian Tom, lifting his hands to the east, chanted, in guttural monotone, a verse of thanksgiving to the Spirit on high who puts into the white man's heart the lust of gold, and sends him forth into the wildB, driving his deft- footed little beasts laden with tbe miner's pick and pan, with tobacco, with bacon, and, best, of all, with whisky, which warms the marrow and gladdens the heart of the Great Father's dusky servant. — T. BBUOY. 