FKDKRA TION MATTERS. A very important duuision was arrived at on Thursday ut the Conference of the five IV'-iniers. It had already been decided hy Sir George Turner, Sir Edward Bruddou, aud Mr. Kingston that thu Parliaments of Victoria, Tasmania, and South Australia should sit during their Absence iu hugl.nd m order tn consider tho Federal Con stitution Bill, and on Thursday tliey urg"d th - 1 Mr. Reiil aud Sir Johu Forrest should adopt the same course in connection with the New South Wales and West Australian Parliaments. Amongst other reasons they urged that it would h0 very advantageous for tho various Parliaments to keep as f ir nu possible iu line iu dealing with tin- Constitution Bill, as this would tend to strengthen thu interest in the matter, ami each of the Parlia ments might he guided to some extent hy the decisions of the others. Mr. Uui.l says that inasmuch aa New South Wales had been asked so take the leadcrnhip in the movement he ftdt it his duty to accede to thi request. He was alio coiwidurah'y inll ieuced in his decision hy the fact that it is of great importance that the Constitution Hill should go before the Parliaments an soon as possible after it leaves the Convention. Under these circumstances Mr. U"»d says the New South Wales Parliament will no? prorogue during his absence from the colony. Sir J. F.irruat arrived at a Himilar decision. nml it- um. iu onnsequence of tbis nrrangemcn that on Thursday he withdrew his motion in favour of extending tin- statutory adjournment to ISO days. Under the present arrangements, therefore, a (he Federal Convention cannot sit liter than the tilth April, it will hive to meet again not lat-r th in Siturdiiy, the 2lst August, that is to say 120 iliys. By th it time the Constitution Bill should havo passed through the Parliainentu of all the colonics, Q leenslnud included, and though the Premiers will not havo all returned from England by ibut date it will bo easy fur the C niveotioii to adjourn for it week or two, a quorum of 20 member tieing sufficient for this purpose, or if this course is rcgeinlcd us undesirable, there will be nothing to prevent thu Convention going on with the consider. i- tion of the machinery clauses to thu bill, leaving vital mattera over till the Premium' retain at tho end of August. Sir Georgo Turner expects tn ho hack hy tho 2Ut Auguit, ami he will at oiicu deliver his financial statement. 'I hero will thus he nearly tho whole mouth of September for discussion of the Constitu tion Bi l, ami thu Victorians will he able to carry nut their derire of taking the measure L » thu people for them to vote upon it at thu Victorian General elections in thu middle of October. As there are many reasons making it desirable that this referendum vote should ho taken throughout thu colony at tho same time, it appears possible ut pruBout that the fate of Federation will bo kuowu by thu end of October next. It may he mentioned that tho final meeting of tho Convention is almost cerium to he held iu Sydney. This is a matter to he (b'uidud by tho Convention at thu close of tho prescut silting. Delegates say Brisbane is too far uwiy, especially for Western Australians, Melbourne is not uuxiuus for the honour, and Syduey will suit Queensland and thu easloru colonies well. Western Austra lians being absent will net havo a voieo iu tho matter. Peculiar Casf. of Lunacy. — At tho Bithurst Polio < C.rnrt on Thursday, a girl named Adeliuu Nutlruss, 18, was brought before t he court charged with lunacy. The girl (says tho "Times ") sat quietly in Court, and it was impossible to guess from her maimer that the was insane— it was very differcut to her behaviour when she was arrested in Church street. Thero she gazed in eeatuoy at the heavens, threw her arms upwards, and talked as if to ikhho person unseen. Afterwards she give evidence of suffering from various delusions. One was that she saw her dead mother rohed iu white, wearing a gulden crown, with u golden cross on her left arm. She dcc'arod it wan a 14 glorious vision." Shu utso said she was attacked In gaol by the ghost of her father's character, which attempted on strangle her. Hei statements wero inooheront and contradictory. For instance, she said, 44 Tho ghost of her father's character was a female warder in the coll with her, but 4 he ' did uot I touch her." The idea of the fumnlu warder ' rather destroys the intangibility of thu supposed ! apparition, but thn poor giri Npoke as if sho really . believed what she said, despite a certain frivolity 1 of manner which she at times exhibited. She declared, moreover, that her father clutched her by the throat in the prison cell and loft actual marku of violence on her neck. Again, sho said, a mm had attempted to choko her, and would have luccoededj but sho was "consecrated," 