WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1897. He must be a dull dog indeed who does not enjoy the humour of Mr. Ben Tillett—who landed in Australia about three weeks ago, and has contemplated it chiefly through the window of a rail- way carriage since—undertaking to in- struct us all on "What to do with Aus- " tralia." Mr. Ben Tillett's ignorance about Australia must be almost infinite; his knowledge of it is certainly micro- scopic. But these were probably the exact circumstances which made Mr. Ben Tillett feel that he was eminently qualified to instruct all Australians on the subject of managing their own affairs. Imagination, in his case, was not embarrassed by too much know- ledge. Mr. Ben Tlllett's recipe for the management of Australia has at least the merit of simplicity. "The work- " ing man" is to take possession of it. The seat of government is to be trans- ferred to the Trades-hall. Everybody found guilty of owning anything, or of living in a house better than his neigh- bour—or, for the matter of that, of possessing a brain keener than that owned by his neighbour—is to be sum- marily banished. The man who builds a mansion, Mr. Ben Tillett assures us, ss the real enemy of his kind. The ideal state must consist of nothing but cot- tages. All other classes being abolished, " the people"—a phrase which, in Mr. Ben Tillett's curious vocabulary, means that little cluster of cranks who agree with him—are to own everything and manage everything. When Mr. Ben Tillett's ideas are translated into the concrete they turn out to be disappoint- ingly prosaic. We are promised the delicious joys of "state farms" and "state mines." Why, asks Mr. Ben Tillett indignantly—why should not " the people," instead of the capitalists, own the mines? Why indeed? A miner's right is open to everybody. Mr. Ben Tillett himself, if he likes, may take out one and put in his pegs freely at a thousand points in this very colony. But what Mr. Ben Tillett covets for his followers is that they should have the prizes without the risks of mining. If a mine is paying big dividends, Mr. Ben Tillett grows inarticulate with wrath that "the capitalist" and not "the people" should own that particu- lar mine. But if there is a mine on which £50,000 has been expended, and not 50s. worth of gold has been discovered in it, then the Temperance-hall orator is magnanimously content that the wicked "capitalist" should possess it. Mr. Ben Tillett's crude and ignorant socialism—a socialism which tried to found a "New Australia" in Paraguay— may be dismissed as a mere unintended but very foolish jest. The worst enemy of the labour party could not desire a more evil fate for it than that it should pluuge into the general election under the red flag of Mr. Ben Tillett's idiotic form of socialism. Some of Mr. Ben Tillett's obiter dicta, however, are entertaining in the highest degree. What, for example, in the new ethics of labour is the sin of sins, the fons et origo malorum, the one crime against human welfare which hath never forgiveness, and which de- serves all the damnatory clauses of the Athanasian Creed on its own account? The astonished world is assured that it is nothing less than " private enterprise." Private enter- prise, in the exquisite oratory of Mr. Ben Tillett, "is the most cowardly " skunk in the world." Private enter- prise is an inhuman, sordid thing. Private enterprise "has degraded the " world." Considered from the humor- ous point of view, this is exquisite. A great divine has said that if the con- struction of Noah's Ark had been un- dertaken by a committee it would have remained unbuilt to this day. But Mr. Ben Tillett holds that it is that biggest and most clumsy of all committees— " the state"—which in the good time coming will undertake everything. Meanwhile we must all be educated to regard "private enterprise" as being the seven deadly sins rolled into one. And this is the doctrine which the most energetic, restless, independent race in the world—whose sailors trade in all seas, whose explorers have ransacked all lands—is expected to accept. It is interesting to reflect on what sort of an empire Mr. Ben Tillett's followers would construct, since they must march only in battalions, move only by word of command, and no man must ever dare to step half an inch in front of his neighbour. "Property, it is theft"—that is a familiar bit of French socialism of the anarchist type. And this is the doc- trine which Mr. Ben Tillett translates into Anglo-Saxon, and expounds to a shouting crowd in the Temperance-hall, with the president of the Trades-hall Council as his chairman and Messrs. Prendergast, Maloney, Barrett, and Sangster, M.L.A.'s, as admiring bottle- holders! "No man could get rich," said Mr. Ben Tillett, "except he ex- " ploited other men." The mere posses- sion of money, on this theory, is prima facie evidence of larceny, petty or vast. This is agreeable teaching for a com- munity which consists, in the main, of men who by energy and industry have made themselves property-holders, on a more or less modest scale. But Mr. Ben Tillett's teaching on this point need not be taken too seriously. The orator himself stepped down from the plat- form with a good fat purse of sove- reigns in his pocket, presented to him by the president of the Trades-hall, and which must have been acquired, on Mr. Ben Tillett's own principles, by the process of exploiting somebody else. Nor need too much seriousness be at- tached to Mr. Ben Tillett's agreeable assurance that "clergymen and mer- " chants" who speak well of the world in which they live "hold a brief for " hell." But there is one part of Mr. Tillett's diverting lecture which cer- tainly needs a little exposition. This is the land of universal suffrage. Every male person who is 21 years of age, and cares to pay sixpence for an elector's right, is a voter. Democratic institu- tions amongst us are full-grown; "the " people's will" is absolute, and Parlia- ment is exactly what the people make it. And yet, sad to relate, this un- happy colony has been afflicted by law- makers of the most guilty kind, monsters of greed and selfishness, and we have all been helpless slaves under their cruel hoofs. We possess in our statute- book, it seems, "a number of " laws which enabled one section of the " community to borrow money at the " expense of others for the express bene- " fit of themselves." These law-makers, in brief, have managed with much in- genuity, according to Mr. Tillett, to float huge public loans, the proceeds of which they have put in their own pockets, while leaving the oppressed and down-trodden "people" to pay the interest. Now, it would be rude, of course, to say that these statements are pure fibs—ghosts that haunt Mr. Ben Tillett's disordered brain. But at least we may mildly speculate with wonder over the circumstance that in a land of manhood suffrage, payment of members, triennial Parliaments, and no property qualification—a land, that is, which represents the very triumph of democracy—such law-makers and such laws are possible. "Can such " things be and overcome us like a " summer cloud without our special "wonder?" The secret of all our sorrows is, probably, that Mr. Ben Tillett himself has only just arrived to explain things to us. ===================== The Free-trade League and Mr. Murray Smith have been "challenged" and have "run away." So we were told on Saturday by-a well-known, not to say notorious, "authority." Were it not for one point so extraordinary as to inevitably arouse suspicion, a limited number of people might possibly have been induced to believe the slander. We refer io the stupidly unscrupulous manner in which the question at issue bein een the Free-trade and Protec- tionist associations was placed before the public by our morning contem- porary. "Stupid" is the only word, be- cause bias so evident as was displayed in handling this correspondence at once awakens in Hie dullest reader a per- ception that there is something to be concealed. The correspondence, which comprises l-l letteis in all, wns pub- lished In full iu "The Argus" of Satur- day, but our contemporary selected only three of these letters for publica- tion. And by one of those unfortunate chances, not rare among a certain sort of partisans, the three letters printed all emanate from the same side-the side of the Protectionist Associa- tion-and two of them are written with the sole object of supporting the in- genious shuffle-by which, as an after- thought, the champions of that body elected to slip out of their agreement. In May last Mr. Murray Smith, from the facts and figures supplied by the different statists, drew the conclusion that Victoria, under protection, was fall- ing behind the free-trade colony of New South AA'ales. Ile was at once assailed hythe protectionist organ with plentiful vituperation and au array of figures to prove the contrary. On* .Tune 10, con- sequently, a letter from the lion, mem- ber for Hawthorn appeared in our columns stating that If the figures used by himself and other free-trade speakers had boen disputed, he at least was unaware of the fact, and adding, "I shall he quite prepared to submit " the accuracy of our statements and "those of your coutempoiary to the "judgment of any competent and im- partial tribunal.*' Mr. Murray Smith, it will bo observed, uns the actual chal- lenger, proposing a reference of the two sets of statistics, and ho remains so to tlie end. Ten days later Mr. Mauger, secretary of the Protectionist Associa- tion, appeared upon the scene, willi much sound and fury, declaring "these "statements of yoms were Immedi "ately challenged lu the 'Age,' and an " overwhelming array of solid facts "from tlie statists were adduced to "show that 'in all the main elements " 'of progress our colony has taken a "'strone; lead of the sister colony of " 'New South AVales.' " This gentle- man demanded a platform debate. Ile was replied to ou July 0 by Mr. C. AV. AVnre, for the Free-trade League, who reminded him of Mr. Murray Smith's standing challenge, and pointed out that a public meeting was not a tribunal exactly capable of "examining and pro " nouneing upon the accuracy and "reasonable use-of facts and ligures." Nevertheles«!. provided an impartial committee was appointed to perform this judicial work, Mr. Murray Smith would debate publicly as requested. Astonishing as It may seem, in view of the discreditable sequel, this proposi- tion was definitely accepted by the pro- tectionists iu a letter of _^nd July-by the merest accident, of course, not quoted by our contemporary. Mr. Mauger wrote:-"AVo shall be pleased " to agree to the appointment of a eoui " mlttee on the line«, you suggest." Tho bargain was clinched. No issue, one would say, could possibly bo moro distinct. Mr. Murray Smith-surely iu as unambiguous terms as the lau guage can furnish-had offered to sub- mit his figures against those of Hie pro- tectionist journal. To deny tills is to deny his printed words, which at the commencement of the correspondence became the basis of negotiations. Mr. Mauger had declared the "Age" case to present "nn overwhelming array of " solid facts," nnd had nssented to the reference "on the lines you suggest." The tactics of evasion wore not de- veloped seemingly until representatives of the two associations.met together;to complote arrangements Then strange to six the protectionists began to dis plat in unaccountable YYunt or con fldinco in duli jottrn ilibtlc champion llux ittualh ufused to pioxe the accnriCY of the facts and Aguíes which tin Y alleged hid tlicidY demolished the fiee tiade champion It the cb ingc of fiout had not acttullY occuned YYC should doubt its possibilité But a ppiiisnl of tilt letteis shoxxs that the whole eoucspondcuce from 2bth Yugust oiiYY tul Yxas nothing but a st impede ou the put of the Piotec tlonist Association to ( scape being liuktd in mj YMiY YYith the oxei M helming urn v of solid fads' on Y\hieb (lux bad bein so ii id} to iel. a few Yvtilvs eulin YA e do not c ire to (IYYI 11 undula upon the humiliation wini li must be felt bv i journal publlclY ibundoned in this YMiv b\ people it bid issuuied to leid md Yiho bid tbcitilcilh piotestcd tlieli confidence lu its guidance lo be ttticktd b*. luemics is bad enough to be dlbtttisted bx fiiendb is xxoibt *t\ hen that distrust dcYelops luto panic so binnie, til as to diet ile n precipltite re tient fiom a YYiitten pledge L.1*,CII the assumption is that something mole his happentd than moots he public xicxt Hie published coutspondonce demon sti iles one (hine, hi xond the po^slbilltx ot question \\\7 that at a d tie not f II dlstint those who huinblj tike (hen cue from (he pi otu tlonist oigin did ilimlj belicYC Hut the blusteious attacks mide b\ ii upon Mi Aluna) Smith Yvetc capable of substiu tlition Jin lii_lonous siqutl pioYes Hut HICY boliexe It no longer Some dunagin.; (IISCOYon must baxe been mude in the inteival It is ptilupb bootless to iuquiio YY lint Oi failing this x\e in drlYon bick upon the Inpo Hu "«Is tint Hie pollox of blustei and bolt Ins been idopted as a recognised fe lime of piotetfloulst tactics It is not the Hist oi the second time such a late tetieat bus linn souiukd on (be pie i of deb Hing Y\ ith equ ils onh oi some othei piltn excuse But It is Hie Hist time th it the lout has been so tontiixcd is to tluoYY buch open ills credit upon the join nalibtlc cluuipion of the filth One of the leading fentin c* of (he . ic | toual pa_es of Phe Austral isiau foi the currcnt xi eel vi ill be t collection of scenes fiom the musical ince now tunning with so niuch suiccs-b m Svdncx Hie 1 tench Yinni llicse iro fiom pliotogripiis t ii cn bj lulim and Co , of Cn mston street vi h i mude n _pecud xist to Sv,dne\ on behnlf of Hie \\_sii.l_iin foi the puipose ¡-.porting men ulso vi ill be spend!) in tere-ted in three pictures-one of the «rum lional xveight for agc xnnnei Posituuo another of the Sidney Dei! i vuunei \m bentc anil a third of the Y lcloiian Deiln candidate Aurttm-all half page llluhtta lions 1 he T-cgislative Council had i brief sitting vesterda), und adjourned until next lues da) On!) «onie formal business xvns transacted In mount, the adjournment of the House until next 1 ues hiv Sir lient) Cuthbcit snd it xi is piobabli the Select Commiltce on the rictones Hill xv oui 1 be in ii position to bring up then lepoit on that da), so that the measure coull thin lejicilt willi He thought it would ho unnceessan for the House to meit again after next Tucsdaj s sitliu _ ho sitlinj- of the Lcysl Un o \ssembli onl) litslel 20 inmutes vesteiihi) A mes sage xv is lectivo 1 fiom His rxcellenc) the Governot as] ing the House to coucui m ceitain xorbil amendments in the Mines Bill Mi Staughton desired to 1 now if these alterations xviro neccssiiiv oxxinir to the carelessness exhibited bv the Yttoine) General xvho had chirge of the lneisurc when li w is list before the House but tin Ahnistcr of 1 mils who was leading the House in tile absence of the Prcmici ox plained til it tlie) xv ere t) pograplncnl errol s due to the li isle with xilnih the Ministra had brought the bill foi ward in the Ys sembl) iflii it li id licon withib inn in the Council Hie onl\ indent! mist.ko xvns the fixing of tin date on which tin bill is to come mil operation ind *Noiimbci 1 had been selecto 1 On receiving this as «unnce the House agreed to the amend ments in fclobo Ali Alurphx biifcecstid that all poor men xi ho li 11 gone into tin country to w otk should be i ii no1 over tin ruin-1)8 fioo on tlie du of the genei ii elections next month so that thev mi_.ht have the privilege of losing a tiny « pi) in ord« to recoid thou vote Hie Almmter of Unhid)8 bud he toni 1 not loniede such i luge ordot is th t but eveiv ficibtx would be given to the emploves, of tlie 1 id wax dip nimmt to xote Picssedli the I.tboui lncinbeis Air \\\ dh HUH pt ournie 1 111 it l nilli» pushes, would bo uven to those nun who h id been ihoi.cn fiom tho i in! s of the unemplo) ed to earn out the icgra.il ing woils on countr) lineo so tint the*, might no1 be put to aux expense m coming to Alolhourno to record then xotc« but iftci wards ho evidcuth th night ho lind stepped be)ond his powers md Bud he vv ould endcax oui to persuade Mr Jil itlne on to y ant the men freo ti insit ovei the lines The House thin adjoin ned lill luctdav Ali Hamilton called attention m the As sembl) vesterdnj aftcinuon lo the iction of -onie of the mun ovnni s it Bindoo in givju- the lubutcis notice to quit then tribute tud he hinted tb it tina had boon done with the view of making the tnbuting elm o of the Alines Bdl unpopulär, bciau.se it lequired the ngieeraent to li ixe the sane tion of the Alnustti of Aimes-a pioposoi xv Inch the mine oxvners h id opposed Mt 1 oatcr expressed regtet it the tubutcrshav ing received Mich a. notice and was dism ebned to bebcv e that it had boen done w ltli tin motive suggested b) Sir Hinulton Hoivivei, if stich xveie the cue added the ALunslii it hhowed the necessity foi the clause as m futuie the agreements xvould not be xci bal ones but woidd bo placed m wilting, so that the) could not be biol en A\e undersluid that had Air llnnullon tal en the tioublo to inquire into this matter lie would liaxc ascirt-unid Hutt the umie-axvners lind applied in x am for a cop) of the act, on I paitlv to pioticl thom selves because tbcv were in the darl as to whit tin law ictunllv xv as mid parti) oxvmg to the absence of any information at, to how far the Ministct is hkel\ to mtoi fere m these agreements the) give the tri miters a formal notice that all tnhutes would have to bo tal en with the condition th it the contract was terminable on a foit nights notice Hie powers of the Senate willi togari! to mont) bills UU3 tin sole topft of disiussioti m the letlernl Conxention nt isxtlnev ves tuda) Pom out of hvo of the loial _tgia luturcs insisted upon tho tight of initialing such bills being icscrxid to Hie 1 owei House without the quihfiing woids in sirtcd it Adelaide, and tills »oint was con ceded the Convention nildid to tlie ilitiso, however a useful pioviso suggested hy the 'tasmanian Parb inient to the effect that the Senate bhonld not be debuied from initiating gcneial legislation xvhich only incidentally involved the imposition of tines nnd penalties or the lil e 1 he iest of the day xvas spent in discussing the pio vision that the Senate should have powci to amend all bills CNcept appropriation and taN bills as to which tin) might only suggest amendments Su Tohn Tonest tabled an amendment to permit the Senate to alter taxation bills and ho made n strong protest against any curtailment of the powois of the "Senate ' Hie leaders of tho anti-heniite parti m the Senate lie de ilia ed, seem lo desire to make the Senate a «ham and un nifenoi and discredited bodx I eatinut understand it ' No ' answered Ah lteid j ou cannot understand it because xou have H1 wiutj had lour own waSy" A nço.i or more speeches folio« cd, and ,t wai found that the ii-,sdom of accept! Z po« cr ot suggestion as ,t «as agreed to ' mdely admitted than as on prêtions _^ Sa John 1 crest «hen Air Chrke _. nounced Ins decision to folio« the «_,*. of his luce lasrn,,,,,,,, eollcigucs, ,,"T Wei .ide eroded the (loo. on tins ,,,",_,__ lowie federilion," Mr Clnile, ,", hcitimi, «_, the ,,,",. isthitchime,] ' Ar lame,, of Metern Vustrili, Til Mi-.rKKiiiB.ton, su""" lnii u T ^oiith Wrihi, ntnicU, tint the\eopl of A.eton, ,"d Ne« South \\\ fe'JS «Mer iccept federation ,f lue Hnjte , illoucd to uuend mono} bills Hle re ult mis tint «lim the quction «mt to th. loto Su lol,,, ] oin_,t " alnendm t negntned b\ 28 to 11) s "-u lohn "nunn is the most «eighty ad incite of i-t ile nghls ni the lcdenl lau lentioíí, but he finds tint the most in"d "", influences are tit iiork to undermine h, allegnnce to his principie» Here "c __ in this gre it titi ot sidnci," he aid i_. r dil, Mheie tilt elnnate is delicio, ti. secner} n, heiutiful and the ho pitalu, iinbomidcd, md «e gue in, more in 1 more «here «e on. lit to stand linn ml re Slit 7 i,j seit feel oi cr« helmc 1 bl sir rounding« «l"el, aie at once <,u auhgoni tie nnd so fnemlli Mr Ken! maih ,,10 ,,* ot Ins hnppi speeches lle gau re MI «lu the small« statis should ruc « i "n thc-r-fcht of the Senate to amuul inoncv bills, nnd put the position in -i mu h II |» saiing to them, 'Mc haie giieu n , on mipoi "mt point, « lneh « ould « i eck fe lera tion iiijoui Winnies jon mu»! no« un sidci the points «Inch ii ould «reek feden lion «ill, us the strongest oppo,i,0,,to Uio compiomisc upnrt fiom s,r )fn" Down«, cime from Atcsr, Ainore I) ur- ia,, nml Dobson of! asman i «ho «,s| ,) to 1 eep it buck ns i means of de'titim ti. lcfeieniium J i «nimm piouded the on], heart, hurt Ici Unit in, enjojed at the Contention ,c>. lerdu AUieiiAh liem hipp-nut u le. muk tint no Ijppei House in th<~,e colo- nies had the jionti to amend monci lill Alt Doughs iiiteijcetcd, Vc the 1_ mam _n Council Ins " 'Oh 11 non _,u"r ibout the 1,1 mils in the 'south Vi \ Ali fieid, nnnd gmt htiejitei buttle letci in fiom iiross the Sti ut, li 1 hi, u litei on, «hen ho iumndcd lu, \ let run f uends of the il il h « hen Alclboume ins 'an exceeding'., du ti Hole, md ii h»n fort I'lulhp ins to all mtenls nul purpose i depemlenci of 1 ismailia He iilinitted tint Ah Meid In, been ion .unusuie. lut theie i, is nothing in it, md is for Mr Higgin«, he tall s a lot about logic hut tie onl, use he makes of it is to blind tlie w" of thrsc «ho Uno« nothing ibout it No mole» noient explosion lins elei been heard from Mr lVicocl tlun «Inn Ali Dough, spoke in terms of great fainhititj of ni, friend, "ord Falmeiston Milli a ro r «Inch shuok tlie building, Mr Peacock spuing to hu, feet, and Hue« himself again anil i_am on tlie bench in a piroij ra of lnughtet, nml, in the language of the erran nul couit, it «ns some time before order ivus icstoied Du ing the debites m the Icdenl Con milton list «eek the l'lemiu of South \usliilii mentioned that he had rccened i leitet fiom Ali James "nee All' uitlioi of the nell knonn «oil on the Amcneui Common«calth, but that it ila then in Ulelaide Mi Brj ee , eoiniiium eition has noll been foi,, irdeel to Air Kingston, and that genllemin ,e"enh, handed it lound Huon, the delegates at tim Conienlion The «ritei ncl nmvlelge. the icccipt of copies of the dtaft Commonwealth Hill sent to linn, and proceeds - Ihei aie of the .leitest mterct to nie, md I "ill pea use them len cucfull} In ih,s in dist mt these documents «ill euite a cmiosit} and interest similni to tint nindi no« attaches to the first pioofs of the cou stitution in the United btites, and }oa ind lout colleagues mil enjoi tlie fine «Inch belongs to those «ho pie} ¿red tint leuonned instrument ^o fir ns I lu,o been lble to nsecitun the best a, «til is the genei ii iducitcd opinion in the United 'stile, no« ippio,e, of hiungn 1 edel ii 'senate, chosen 1), popular elie tion in the constituent stites rithci linn b> the stale Legislatures, the icison benia that the litter bodies nie open lo intrigua uni othci ilclelcnous luliucnec, Hie select committee of the "egislatne. Council «ill meet this afternoon to con Billet the eiidence gncn hefoie it regarding the 1 adonis and "lops iet itiiendineiit Ulli, und it «ill, no doubt, atece upon the lines on «Inch its rcpoit to the Hou o should be di um As fir is can be asccr tamed the committee «ill, in all oroln bihtj, rcpoit tint there should be a separ ate bon ii appointed lo fix the rite of ni in the, 'blop ' or read) made clothing tnlo mil jnothu foi the order' or tulonig ti ide, is both these branches of the cloth- ing tindo ire distinct, muí i rate of «aie «Inch «ould Milt the lattei «ould not do foi the foi mer, us there is not the sima «oik put into slop' is into order cloth mg Moreover, if the cipoit trade in leuli m ide clclnng is to be cncoungel, then the tate of piy must to some e\ tent ippronch the le c1 of tint obtaining in the neighbouring co'onics, other« ise this tindo «ill be trausfeneil to bidnci, or the) dollies impoitctl from abioad, thus dopriij mg « others hero of emploi incut It ia bthcied that Hie committee «ill support the piinciplt of elective boards lo tn. tin i ate of pi} to «orlers, but there «ill l8 an alteration in the fr incluso i ecoimnende 1, so that ii manuf ictui ci emploi nig oO or WO hinds mai baie more lotinc, poner than one with onlj ino oi 10 emploies The police authouties line decided to proceed against Mr Prouder, ist Ali \, on the mfolmotion of "onsliblc Aoiidin, for i bleich of the Holbourne titi hi Ins icliting to obstiuction of, md loitent g m, i public thototighf ire 1 he case «ill probabl, come on for healing licit Aloliih), and ns it «ill be the in,t mulei tin »f bl In«, «Inch «as pissed afta the old oie «is dcclucd ultu mes In Air Jut « Hood, it «ill be Hatched «ith interest he tnusejt mil dctimtch settle the que two of the interpretation of the bj la«, and tho poiicrs of the police in theil moic-on duli AVith 19 orders of the dal on the not ce piper, the Aletropohtan lloird of Works succeeded in getting thiongh it» hu im.,3 leslctdij m half an bom loin fifth, ol the time « us tiken up «îtli a ih«cu_ion on a propof. d to com ort a messenger into a jimmi elcik «ithoiit am alliance in «ih» Commiesionei liirnci, «ho has i "long scent foi uicgulniitica, opposed the ]in po=al, ou the ground tlmt thcic «eie «eiçri yoting men in the bout! s ser,ice «lio lud passed the mutuculution evinnuiition as one of the conditions of engagement and these should not be oicilookcd in f nour of one «ho had pissed no e\munition Com muhioncr M Alahon pointed ont tint tie messcngct «a, in the sen ice before the rule ns lo matuciilation «is introduced uni his promotion «as thcicforc not nffcctcil tv it Conmiissionci M alstah «as doubtful «bethel Commission« ruincrcotiliiinsstho "inutile oi uiisiiei the simplest qucUo« in ccpiations Commissioner A oice pleiUnl the cause of those among the board s out» lo «oil eis «ho «cíe pi} mg puk and slioiclin «el and du ti trenches, anil «ho if g" au oppoituniti, ivctc equal to any elere'i «oik the ho ntl had got to offer On tho uiulcistnnding that the case «as not to bo legardcd ns a piecedcnt, the messenger at 40/ i li eek ins piomotcd to the d_¡} emi nence of n junioi elcik at £2 1 he Commissionci of Customs has given instructions for i test case to he procccdeil with m connection «nth the recent seizures of game A chnige «ill he lind under «cc tion 7 of the Game Act, «hich hies pcnil ties for the possession of imported gimt, «ith the eiception of spniroiis and nuniM, at an} time, nnd natue game «ithm pro lnhitcil pci.cKls Altogether, 0,531 lunli have been taken possession of by the tus toms authouties, the list being made up Jj folio« s -1,017 teal, 1,200 «idgeon, 1,8« other iluiks of six oi seien différent specie^, 7 geese, 2,470 o£ foui or fli e species of a«IUJi 5 pigeons, 33 plovers, 30 stilts and avocetts \bout 100 workmen of difftieul t)ins be îegeil the board room of the Metrópoli tan Hoard of A\ orks xesterdiv m seaiih of emploi ment As the coniiiii»sionus ni tax ed lim ai en* w a} laid and appealed to foi their con nlcration and influence Alinv of the applicants were tradesmen, such is buck liur", plasteurs, and empenten-, and the nina mler were htbourei» or jobbing hand« . hcv hoped to be t iken on the statis w hich the engineer m-chicf ptoposcs to organise for earning out the house connections, md no doubt niall) wall succeed in e.etting em plot ment m this direction It mix be men tioned, however, foi the infoimation of .norl men nt a distance, that there is lifc+le chance of their succeeding if thev came to the citv aftei these eng igcmcnt« as there is already a plethora of 1 thom offering 1 hi» ni in has been gudtv of the most terrible offence," sud Commissioner Jl Ylalion, at the meeting of the Board of YYoik« xesteidix, xvhen proposing that a clcrl m the trewin, bl inch should li ixe lu« salara reduced from £200 to i.100, and that he be ti insferrcd fiom the position of dei k to that of nnssongir Commissionci Cool e, who ' li id heard most extrionlinar) «line« about this ofiicer s conduct, xvas not soing to he a pail) to hushing up nix (lung that should come out If the man were guiltx to the extent dlcged the hoard should 1 now all nlwut ii, and there should be none of tin. 'hole and tornci bunnies» " Coninusaioncr lope pleaded foi morey for the wrongdoer on the giound tint xvhen brought before the committee he lind owned up to Ins crime and gin e no trouble Utei those st itiments there xv is a goncril I feeling that the offender was I monstci of inorhnate smftilness, xibo Ind tiken up tholen Commandments and broken them oi cr the chairmms beul xuth fiendish de bl nation »Alien, uftci fin Ibu xigoious protest» Commissionci Al Alahon, in a voice tieinulous and tearful, ron lied the naked truth the Iranrd sighed, and passed on to tlie next business The offender had got ihunh Y liigeli attended meeting of îepicin tain es of municipalities cone ened bv the \\\ arru uiibool Council, look jil ice it the Town hull vcsteidav, to oonsidoi i bill drifted bv the Atlornc) General, de ding , vritli the (li linage question, and prov idmg for the formation of drain ly* ti usl« Ali Al ulilock, the cliinnum of the Ahmiupal j\s on ilion lircsided, mil explained the | clauses of the bill, which weie igieed to, with i few suggestions It was decided to return the ineisuto to Mr Is ncs, post mt it to Si dne) to d i), in the hope th it the Government xvould bring it befoie the he pshtive Assemblj on iuosdav, and have it 1 i«s«l tins session, as it is uigently te quircil bv shire councils Y letter has been îeceived bj the Trcnuor from the \c_cnt General, in which Sn Ynihevv Clarke statis in has been in formed that some of the large est ites m Y ie tom wcie bung divided md the lind leased to fanners As he thud s i number oi british farmers might be induced to settle in tlie tolonv if the) could get land read) for Hie plough, al i fnir rental, or on cast terras of pinchase, he MI__C»IS foi the ip .loi d of the Premtei that puiticulais as to the conditions on w Inch these I mils could be leased ot acquired should be fonv uded to linn Su George liirnci is f ivourublv inclined tow aids the suggestion, but before dome, nu thing m the miittoi he deslíes lo have the unis of the owners ot the estates on the proposal \t the meeting of the Alotropolitan Boirl of YA cn! » jcstcidax, Commissionci "Munro vv is elected a mcinbci of the in mee committee in place of Coinmis-=ionei Knox, re i-iitd, mil Commissioners 1 dw nils nul limden in pi ice of Commissioners 1'lum mer and Crawley Hie Commissioner of Customs jesterday fine il! (..lissll foi in liie-uluitx m piss Hif _ »ils It appears til it through a mis take ccitnn mate)lal consigned to Ah "Us wis ilesciibcd as cotton slnitine, lilineis it tout lined a small odmixtiuo tit till uni, lonseiiuiiilI), insti id oi bunt culoul is hie/ it was liable to dlttv at tlie i it. of 17 pu tent 1 he Customs depailuicnt li is iccopted tlie tendel of thompson and Co , of Castle in um foi tin »upph ot new boilus, ami effecting diet ihons to the engines it the .lind Giivmg Dod , it YY iib niistovvn Hie muleitliving is given that the time dm ing vilncli the engines und boilus will not be ii ni ihle foi pumping out the dock w ill liol exceed eight (11) ¡> Hie mulila*, dobvciv of leltus his now been ihohslicd at Xorth A.elhuuim mil I'ukiille Y teli|ilione biiieau is ibuut to hi opened it Collingwood \ el um b} the Ajctotinn Puniauint Buil lui, -soeiet\, in the liquid tttuu of Jh r- 11 ¡sei md Co Limited, w is de lit with li Alt lustne Höh ox d in the Pim tice (.unit, vesleuliv lue societ) bad | ut m i pioof of debt foi £2 058/11'4, foi »itoiest due undei t moitgigc fi oin Ch irlis Wilding to the sonctx, and guiianleed bv the tump ni) It xi is bt lied in suppoit tint 11 isci md Co li id t,u u-tntied p-ix Meut of the interest upon the nioit_i-i so lau-'«s the inteiest should lemun unpaid »nu lliil iiooidmg to n iccent liiling ot tlie ! nil Couit, the imount of the in inup ti, to-ilbci xuth the lnteiest due upon the mort_age up to the date ot liquidation, w is the jiopei busts of proof, nftei deducting the lillie of the stcuutx Hie liquid itoi, who oppusnl the claim, objected that the .muntee ibä not on its face purport lo bo null in tho name mil on behilf of the con pam and thus did not coniplv uthei luth the aitiilo» of association oi walli 6ectiin47of the Campante-, -'-et 1S0Ü Hw Honour held tint this obj ilion was fatal mid disallowed tho claim, with costs fir fopp (uibtruilul bv Alcssis 1 la ! ul und "--oil) ippoired in suppoit of the claim muí Ah Until (msti noted bv Messrs lil ike md Ki)_,all), foi the hqui dilir YIi YYeigall m ule an íppbealion in Hie liquid ition of the simio company on pel ilf nf the executors of the estile ot tne laie s dis 1 ischci in ic-ipcct of lenumct i bon foi scrutes lcndeied is volunUn li quid itor Hie coiisidointion of tlus el um wi< I stnoncd m oidei Hi it furlhu ni ile nal ini.lit be plaud bifoii tin judge in ipplicitinn foi n xi nt of ni indamus »gainst tho Dint il Bond ot A ltton i, lil! in,, upon the boan! to registoi Alt Al nu ice I lim us n dentist undii put -' of (he Medical Yet 1S90 caine on for healing Mole Air Tustlec Holt old in the Sbupieine Cunt testet day Hie iflulnvifs stated th it tin i|.lln ml w is m 187S ippicnliccd lol 1 ieleucl YYilbini Coimth, i rc_;isteiiii itntist of Gio it Hut nu, nt l'oulogm sm mer m Prance, to lum (ho piolission uf dentil siiiguv mil iltntistix uni tint he f_ned foin vims mulct the III titles On tin 2"'nd Oitobei, 1S"J, lit applied to the Bon tal Ho ml m Aictmit to be legisteied as a I mist and this application w i=iicntui Ih iffu ed on Octoboi 7 18% on the giounil tint section 5J of the Medic i! Yu )S)(), winji dloived coiliin students to be io_is ter«! without pnsoing cortun cNiinuia bon, J a not apply to deni ii students who I ail seivcd then ippretitictship m 11 mee J" inn of appeal flam this dciision the aimhcint bioucjit the present luoicedni'S «r Alitchell (instructed lix Alc_«is "d lott Untes ind Alan) lppcuid foi the ip '«unit anil Air Jinl-inon (mstiucteu bv tlie. t mini Sohcitoi) foi the Dentil Boan!, to oppose Yfter hearing ms- timonts Jin lustice Hobojd teseiicd Ins decision The hml meeting of the Milionclituii Ifould« of .dxice Conference xvill be held in uic Ylclhounie lown hall this ey emu. .ne {"Unless is to ai range for an minimi omi terence of all the lie-nils of Unit, anti other matters i\ mt of puiictuilitv on the part of mem otis oi the meditiil profession en^a"'cd on ra-o-s it the City Aloigne oiten nuises Ali Undler some little mit ition _estcidni morning he complained of the business "ung itmicee«sardy dLlavcd oiling to the non attendance of o medie ii gentleman on Weil on the work lwfoie lum Di Stawell jus the unhappy dilmqiiuit upon whom tie coronet s disple isute descended, and on ¡"it gentleman enteiinp, some tune after lus millie had been culled, hi incited «Hüllt reprimand ' lins, Di Stawell," sud *n Cuitlloi, ni his seveicst tone is leally wo bad \t the conclusion of Ins ey idencc tlie doctor gracefully apologised, and e\ ii tllcre '.'"1 UMn "? misunder Handing as to the hour he was supposed to he nresont the gracious anti leassurtng smile with win,h the coroner revvaided the ncltnoiiledgmiut must have full) compin «ted the doctor foi the boralmess of his ic Seieral tenders for laige contracts undei um sow cr ige system were passed bv the Metropolitan Board of Woiks vesterdav on nie leconmiendation of the sivveuige com mutee the contiaets dealt with weie - ?"elmond main scwei (section 2), Janies Moore ¿21,892/14/2. Nott!, Wá m,u" «wci (section 7), John Iloone, ¿41,294/11/, Sireen street branch sewer (section 2), helimond, W B Dodds ¿.,0-0/12/10, ««eroge rettculntion, l'raluan, John «'one, £13,207/17/3 Yt'firnt *-.n»wmliv national iissoniblv. the ?»»Vi11 A.ri«ulh" >1 , Socielx, met with WoUiu icbtfir jesterday in Ha endeavours for the cause of Australian unity Ihc society some timo ato passed a molutiou inviting representatives of kindred bodies and of shire councils to a conference to con sider the eui effects hkeli to result from the sudden remoinl of the border duties consequent on the fedeintion of the colonies Ihc mutation his been mdel} declined throuehout the colon!, and icstcriii} it carne betoie the Ho} ii vgneulturil Societv In n iori huge council meeting, it found not a single f norning voice und u résolu tion lint this sonetv disippioics of hordei duties iltogcthei, uni Hint there foie no delegate» be appointed ' ivis moved In Air 11 Ciarle seconded hi Air John Hurst and earned tuuiiimoiHi A thoroughly representative meeting was held at the Town-hall yesterday for the purpose of deciding on the form of compli- ment to the retiring Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs Strong in return for the ball re- cently held. Over 100 gentlemen were pre- sent comprising members of both Houses of Parliament, officers of all the depart- ments of the public service representatives, of the different professions and an un- usually large number of the suburban mayors and councillors. The chair was taken by the convener Mr J. S. Butters, and the first suggestion was a return ball. A hasty visit was paid to the city offices to ascertain if this was acceptable to Council- lor Strong but when the chairman returned he disappointed all by announcing that Mr. Strong had declined to accept anything in the shape of a personal conmpliment. A short informal discussion among those pre- sent terminated by Mr. James McKean moving that a committee be appointed to make the necessary arrangements and have a portrait of the retiring Mayor painted similar to those hanging in the council chamber. Mr. G. Downes Carter, M.L.A., seconded this motion, and after Mr Camp- bell M.L.C., Sir Arthur Snowden M.L.C., Councillor Luxton, of Prahran, and others had spoken it was carried unanimously It was further resolved that all present should form themselves into a committee with an executive consisting of Councillor McEacharn, the Mayor- elect of Melbourne Mr. J. S.Butters, Mr. Thomas Brunton, M.L.C., Dr. Gresswell, Councillor Forbes (major of Prahran), Councillor Hall-Owen, Councillor Gillott, Councillor Hartley, (mayor of South Melbourne), and Mr. James McKean. Mr. R. S. Anderson was elected hon. treasurer, and Councillor Gill- lott hon. secretary. A lu_e conipiin of niissionaiies left Pc Alelbourne for India icstcrdai m the C.i man steimcr Gera The, are members of the Poona and Indian A ill ige Ahesion nnd piocccd to Indm to a«sist others «ho are abeuli theie in the «oil of bpte iding the Gospel 1 he mijoiiti of those «ho left vcstcidnv ire voting umnimcil lillies ,, hilst it is a note« oi tin fnet tint of the entiio contingent «Inch numbers "el i fciier th in 2.1 Iiul fiom i mons pnrtsof.Ne /eil md, the rcmatndci being made up of three from Ne, Soijh Male, three fiom 1 letona t,,o from Tasminii anil tiio (i oni South Ansti aba j hei e « as a mund ous lttendanec of usitoi, to see the mis siomnes depart Sir John Alidden presided at nu cn I uniii"ut, gn cn nt the Uliena-iim hall last cenuig, in aid of the lî^i T II bhillhcigs scriices foi non churchgoeis, held e cij Sun Ui nt the (,neti Ihcitie Theie mis i faull lurg-» attend mee and nmoiu those on tile plat'oim «ere the lies Di ,1 ushall mil P 1 Alm doch Su lohn Madden ev piesscd his pie sine it being ible to tnke part in nu entertainment foi so «oilbi an object Ile congritul ited Air Shnlll eig on the allum able «orl he lind undctti! en ind felt th it it ii is a step m the light ellice lion de=ci,mg of ill the encoui igeiiicnt «Inch Chustion men could gue to i' He hill lunch pleasure m uillme on the IÎ"! thoa lait fin Ins edebinia! tiri« mm oom eiiteitiiiiment lot the space of til o hours Air 1 ut I ept Ins audience in the best of lninioiiis «ith icutliions Immolons mil pathetic, droll »tones ind ilraningroom clunctei «ketches of the latest ana most ising ehnictci, nil of «Inch «eic gicctcd li ith the beutlest applause Songs «cie eoiitiibiiied bv Ahss AliKgie stnhng mil Alis, loi dice ind at the close lotes of tlnnl s «eic passed to those «ho li til so gcneiousli given then serwoes Among the piibscngeis «ho irriied hcic lasteidn b, the liench mail ot"nici \i mind "»hienas the lie, Di Tubus bishop of Cluistchuicli Ne« /elland fie «is (iccompiuued bv Ins «ne and ilftughtei, and « is met it Poit Melbourne b} tlie llislio» of Alelbomnc Di Tuhus «ill be the guest of the Ki hop of Alclliouinc for a d iv ot Ino an I befóle leming foi isc« 7oiiind vdl piv J vi"t lo Ii ill "at The icsiilts of the nunn ii competition in oiiton mil c si} imliiij in coniiectioti «ith 'he 1 ninty College Dialectic Soeict} baie just been mnoimecil 1 he piesiilent s medal foi oraton Ins been a« mied to Ah Cr Al Long 1 he moil ii gi, cn bl Hu vice picsulcnt Professor HamsDii Alooic foi is a, ,,ntmg lins been «on h, Ah It A, Grant foi hisessn on Hie Influences of College I ifc Mr T _ Ahller B A , his been elected prelector of the socicti foi 180S Hie hist thice nights of '\iobe at the Princess s llicnlie nie announced On Satuidai au entiicli ne« futcicid eomedv «litten hi Ale is linn mil 1 "i Paul ind entitled In iloiket i ill be plu dueert for the first time in Alelbourne lu liol iles iill le hell to hi li Kesri, el mell lue kell ml C> Messrs Ili- iutl t » Mo«!, Ha} lee uti Co im 1 Mr I li !!c-_r- leoici liol en on an 1 C Hil i le cr tie 1 roi ti lleallll Soriet, o otuc ni ku livcl nntters «len lei di"oi r e evcltoel ii coo 1 ii al of ii teiesl ' len sucn sif ii eui ceri orange 1 li Mr 1 Ken hil li Ile I lilli in I un I II II id ol loi ii ereelie ir li eil A. /nt lile ie, i re ni, en 10 e 1 li tor n lli-cl irei t Tri oners Mil ro< i i uni 1 pi I he n etllng ill b hell to 11 imite, i t 1 i in in ti c mitlittet r To i li II Hell rue Ile eli of lilstirc ?rs «ill kin ml lie ses n ti , r! ol iii flic 1 li lie ir cor li llj until _0 D VA s AUK i\Gl All MS Select Commtttce of tin J tgislnlive Council on the 1 litónos \ct 2 pin Chiislum 1 ndeiiour Convention Collins su cet independent Church 2 "0 pm evening Hallies in vinous churches Discharged Pi i oners Aid Soeiet} - _u nu ii Afeetni- lo« nhill 4_0i m St Piuls Cithedi ii -1 ,cnsong (choi d) nt 4 lo pm scl, ice Selb} m A an I hem Leid Kind!, Light (stamei) Confeience of st de School leathers loiin hall 7 0 j) ni Confeience of Bonds of Uli ice loimlnll, S p m I a« Collits-S'cc Li« _otues pige i Vuction sdes-sec \bstrnt pike 2 