THE Fall of the Staincliffes, [Br A. COLBEOK.] CHAPTER II. A BIRTHDAY PIREBSENT. The boys were assembled in the quadrangle of Easingholme College. It wanted yet ten minutes to nine o'clock, the time fixed for the com mencement of the morning lessons. A few were conning over the tasks which had been set them on the previous Saturday morning, that they might go through a semblance of knowing. them, if nothing else. .A :cricket ball was being thrown high in the air across the qiuadrangle and where the ball fell, several rushed to gether, shouting, with uplifted hands to catch it, that the next throw might be theirs. Two boon companions, arm in arm, earnestly talkingon some interesting theme, were pacing back wards and forwards in front of tlihe schoolroom windows. A 'group of bigger boys were together in one corner, gathered aboiut a newspaper, which one of them had pulled from his trousers I pocket, and was display ing to the rest. By the noddingof his head, and the ;gleaming, of, his eyes, he was evidently explaining with emphasis a paragraphfrom one of the columns. ' jook here,' said he, '-I've woi him, plain enough.' 'Where?' asked several eager voices, ;while the heads bobbed down simultaneously to see the particular line pointed out. S ' There!' answered he, putting his Anger triumphaintly on the place. ' Nestor stands first, and won the race by half a length.' Two or three drew a deep breath; one simple- minded laidiopened his~ eye~ to their.widest extent to stare in surprise at the possessor of the paper; others simply looked on, or turned amilingly away. One undersized boy, with laughing, mischievous eyes, and lips formed to perpetual smiles, twisted quickly in front of the simple-minded one, and, :uddenly leaping up like a Jack-in-the-box, cried 'Bo-o-oh! *wink up your peepers, Joseph, or they'll tumble out, my dear.' ,Joseph started, and the group broke into a sudden laugh, which was as suddenly checked by the appearance across the quadrangle of Herbert Staincliffe. Several voices shouted 'Bertie !' 'Well! what's the row ?' asked Bertie, approaching them. ' Oh! nothing particular,' answered he of the newspaper, 'only you owe me a half-sovereign.' Bertie turned pale at this, and, with trembling fingers, took the paper into his hand. He gave it back, after reading the result of Templeton Races, without a singld word. His comrn panions fixed their eyves upon his face. ' Of course, you'll pay up,' said the winner. ' Yes!' he replied; but you can wait for it, I suppose.' ' Until you get your pocket-money from your ma,' said the other mock ingly. ' Not so; you'd better tip up at once, likea man, or, if you haven't a half-sovereign, I'll wait a week till you get it.' ' You know very well, Dick, I can pay you now, but I wanted the money for something else to-day.' The signal was given for the school to assemble; the group broke up, and mingled with the others; and with a hum, like that of a hive of bees, the boys swarmed through the open door, and into the schoolroom. Little op portunity was given during the morn ing lessons, for conversation between Dick Pashley and Herbert Staincliffe, but Dick intimated many a time, by sundry signs, painfully obtrusive .to Herbert when the other boys were watching, that he should expect him to pay the half-povereign without delay. On the Friday preceding, when the boys were gathered in the quadrangle at midday, the talk had turned upon Templeton races. Herbert had heard the men at the works speaking about the races, and had become interested in the event, whetting his interest afterwards by carefully examining a picture of one of the favourite horses in a copy of a leading illustratedpaper taken at home. He was fond of horses. The picture was a finely executed engraving of a beautiful animal. He very much admired it, and read the appreciative comments upon both it and its owner. During the cbnversation in the quadrangle, he displayed his knowledge and praised the racer; and Dick Pashley said he would bet him a sovereign to a half-eovereign that Nestor, a competing rival, and a horse that Herbert knew nothing about bb~eyond' the mere mention of his name by the workpeople, would win the race. Herbert felt the searching glances of his schoolmates. He was not brave enough, by refusing the bet, and thereby appearing to turn his back upon the animal he had praised, to face their laughter; and he said, 'Done ! They shook hands over it, as if they were quite used to trans actions of that kind, and ready, as a matter of course, to abide by the result. It was not the first b~et that Dick Pashley had made. He was the son of the keeper of the Talbot Hotel, in Talbot-square, and lived, with his father, on the premises. His mother was dead. Two of his sisters were married, and the third had not control over him. His elder brother oared nothing about him. He went into every part of the hotel and heard the talk of the company. Sporting papers were scattered in every room, sporting prints on most of the walls, sporting characters congregated in the bar; and Dick, nourished on this pabulum, breathing in this atmosphere, was fast ripening for entrance into the sporting fraternity. He had done:a' little private business with the stable boy, in odd sixpences, and mostly to his own advantage. .Once he had ventured a half-crown against a simi lar sum 'of the parlourmaid's, but he had lost it. Never had he_ thought or staking a sovereign, and, if the chances had gone against him, he might not have paid it; but when Bertie Staincliffe said what he did about Scudaway, he saw the pos sibility of,a stroke of good luck,'as he thought, and at once challenged him on Nestor's superior merit, having overheard a successful bookmaker whisper that Nestor was sure to win. Bertie had never bet before. But he had heard betting transactions talked about among his father's work people. He had greatly admired Soudaway, and thought he could' not well be beaten. He had more money at his disposal than the. majority of his schoolfellows,' andi was rather proud of letting them know it. So he accepted Dick's challenge. Bti he was not quite comfortable about it. He felt it was not the right thing to do. It spoilt the usual enjoyment of his Saturday afternoon, and the cus tomary quietude of the Sunday. Then he particularly wanted the half sovereign to purchase something as a present for Lizzie, whose eighteenth birthday it.was on.that day. Itwxfas~ keen disappointment to find that he Iad lost the bet, .and that his half sovereign would disappear into Dick Pashley's greasy pocket. . The' college .was not a residential one, or this .transaction,might have come much more readily- to the master's, ears, and IHerlieA's half sovereign been saved. It was built in the town,'and abutted on one of the main roads.. The scholars were the boys of the town, some of whom had entered by open. competi tion from other elementary schools, and were. educated gratuitously, and others from well-to-do families whose parents paid the prescribed fees. The style of the building more than the character of the education, had given it the name College. It was only only a high-school, with en dowed scholrships for entrance from lower local schools, and for exit to any of the universities, managed by trustees, elected under specified condi tions, from gentlemen of the neigh bourhood'. 'Te biilding, however-a large, stone structure,7 with parapet and central tower, a main entrance door of oak .ognamented with huge brass nails, and windows glazed with small diamond panes, an antiquated looking building without really beiing old-had become generally known as the College. If the headmaster had known of the bet between the two boys, they, would both have been at pnce, and severely, reprimanded.' But, although the sig nalling of Dick Pashley did not escape Mr. Bond's keen observation, he could not make out what the signalling meant. Messages conveyed across the school in this way were not infrequent, and generally about some trivial schoolboy matters beneath the dignity of his inquiry and attention. When the lessons were over, and the lads trooped out, Dick stood in Herbert's way, and said, ' Come, tip up.' Herbert pulled out his purse, and drew from an inner pocket a bright half-sovereign. His underlip twitched, and his face paled a little, as, without a word, he put his coin into Pashley's hand. Dick rubbed it between his palms, and, then dropped it.carefully into his waistcoat pocket; while Her bert walked slowly and sadly away. 'The little fellow, with the laughing, mischievous eyes and the perennial srile, said, 'You don't mean to say you are going to keep it, Dick ?' ' Why not?' he asked. ' Because it isn't yours." 'It is mine. I won it by a fairbet,' Dick replied. 'I say, it isn't yours, and if you keep it you're a mean, shabby fellow,' said the little one,-' and what's more, I don't think there's much to choose between youand a thief, if you keep it.' ' Who are you talkiig to, Harry Olough ?' 'To you, Dick Phabley.' 'Well, you'd better mind your own business.' ' And youa'd better jkeep your busi neas down at the Talbot, and not bring your knavish, tricks into the -c h p o l . ' , . . Dick was astonished at being tackled in this way by little Harry Olough.' Harry was a favourite with the other boys. They would not see him' thrashed. Dick knew this, and, therefore, was not inclined to push the quarrel too far. And, for the first time, he felt a sense of shame in the possession of money won by betting, as if, after all, there were ::ome truth in, Harry's statement that themioney' was not his own. The fun in Harry's eyes had become indigna. tion, and the smile contempt; he was *oused by the wrong which had been done to Herbert, and he did not mean Dick to keep the money without letting him know what he thought about it. The altercation ended with the ap pearance. of the second master, and the lads dispersed and hurried away home. Herbert had heard nothing of all this. He had walked into the town to luncheon, as his custonm was, for, since attending the College, he had always gone down to have lun cheon with his father at the office. When approaching the office he saw Tom Cresswell advancing to meet him. Tom: had been on the look-out for him. For nearly two years now he had sat at his desk in Easingholme Bank. His punctual habits, careful work, courteous behaviour, and sterling honesty had already commended him to his employers, and he was marked out for promotion. A close friendship was stilli kept up ly the two boys. They saw 'each other nearly!' every day. Tom was a finely-built, open faced, fresh complexioned, blue-eyed young fellow, of generous disposition, and full of sympathy, and with a quick perception of other people's troubles. As he passed his arm through Her bert's, he said--. '-. : ' What's the matter, old man ?' Herbert gave him no answer. Tom knew at once that something extra ordinary had happened. He had no idea what it was, and felt some delicacy in pressing Herbert to tell him. So turning abruptly to another matter, he said, ' It's Lizzie's birthday, is it not, Herbert?' ' Yes.' 'I want you to take her a 'present from -me when ydu go home this afternoon.' ' It's very kind of you, Tom. What is it ?' asked' Herbert, forgetting somewhat his depression in the in terest aroused by Tom's present. : A cabinet for dried ferne,' ans wered Tom. ' I have made it mostly myself. I have had themahogany polished, iand the :little brass knobs turned aid' fitted to the drawe'rs, but it is mostly my own workmanship.' 'Just the .very thing she wanted, Tom. I've heard her say she would like one many a time.' .Then.after a pause, he added, regretfully, "I wish I could get her something as: nice !' 'You will get her something, of course, Herbert. What have you thought about?' ' It's no use thinking. I'm hard up.' 'Nay!' said Tom, laughing. ' I am, Tom. I've lost every blessed farthing I had on the Temple ton Races. Tom jerked his arm away, and stood stock still, his eyes fixed on Herbert's face in blank amazement. When he could find words, he said, ' You needn't look at me asif I were a ghost, and in the public street, too. Come along, I'll tell you," and he passed his arm'through Tom's, and turned down a quieter way. Herbert explained the whole affair. Tom was relieved as the story proceeded, and, when the end camel he said, "' You'll never bl~isoboolish as to bet again, Herbert ? ', I haven't thought about that. 1; wouldn't have cared a'raý' i" I hadn't spenet'y moneyiaid'otnight since on that, new bicycle. It was my last, half-sovereign, and I was keeping it for Lizzie.' ' Then you think more about the disappointment at, not being able to buy Lizzie a present ithan the wrong you have been doing in betting the money?' 'Wrong! What wrong is there in the thing itself? That's one of your fads, Tom. I was silly for staking all the coin I had, but as for the wrong of it-! I never bet before, certainly, but I never thought it' was wrong to bet.', ' I hope you will think so, Herbert. However, it's Lizzie's birthday, and she will expect Aa present from you. She won't expect. one from me,' said Tom, slowly and thoughtfully, ' and I would like you, Herbert, to accept my fern cabinet-to accept, it as your own,' the words came incisively, 'and make a present of it to Lizzie in your own name. Remember! I give it you. It's yours. And my name -is not mentioned to Lizzie at all.' 'But, Tom---' " 'Never you .mind, about Tom. Leave him alone.' !'It wouldn't be fair, you know. You would have to suffer for my foolishness.' :-.; ,.(Te; bf continwsct .. - 