The light that cast no shadow Curious stories are told about the powers pos. sessed by certain natives in India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men it is said, liave devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' jis these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their rflmnvkn.lilfi ?nerfnrmti.Ofis Tlinv treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept, The place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' 1 can't see to. read, here,' said the visitor. ' Then we wjU have some light,' was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) - soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He oould not tell whence it came, but he noticed it had one strange quality — it cut not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it. have.no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have, cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Dock Lane ghost. * ? A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical wheh friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from his ex perience? Take an example : — ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our correspondent ' I fell into a low, .weak, langhid state. 1 felt low spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, 11137 appetite poor, and after eating1 I had pain and weight at the chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept' up with my work, but had always a sense of dis comfort. Off and 011 I continued in this way for two years, no'hing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and pro-, cured a supply. Aftei I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness tett me. Although 1 had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine,' never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease Since my recovery, for which I thank; Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits, In the interests of suffering humanity (j I deem i t a duty to send you this testimony.' (Signed) £-. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151 Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th 1893.' There is a good deal of; difference, between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no. shadow. The latter may be. true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth, On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer - letters of enquiry, ar-d can be found at his address*. Finally, there is nothing mystic, or magical about Mother Seigers. Curative Syrup, It acts 0 wi- the theory that most ailmeuts are but symptoms, forms, op phases of that universal disease— indiges-, tion and' dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and hom.es where. iUnesa aii,d' pain. had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is. why, people, believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. ? . / A new quick-firing gun, manufactured at; Sheffield, lias been tried at Portsmouth. It proved effective; at a range of 9 miles 160. yards with a ©barge of 25lb. of cordite. The Old Age Pensions. Bill has been passed in committee of the New Zealand House of Representatives. The pension is fixed at £18 per annum, payable to all on reaching the age of 65 years, provided the, applicants have resided in the colony con tinuously for 20 years immediately preced ing the application. Her Majesty the Queon has arranged. tQ. speak a message into a phonograph which is to lodged iri the British Museum, 