ODDS AND ENDS. "They may say what they like against him," said the convicted one's defender, " but his heart is in the right place." " Yes," assented the other, "and so is the rest of him for a few years. A child, on seeing- a bill on a .telegraph post, exclaimed : ' " O mamma, look. A message has fallen down." Miss D. : I'm going to put on a mask, and go as Cinderella's ugly sister. Mrs. C.: But why a mask ? " Why, George, you haven't smoked any of those cigars I gave you for a birthday present." " No, dear. I couldn't find it in my heart to burn anything you gave me." Teacher to a boy iu his class : John, cor rect the following sentence : It are very cold. John, as he wipes the perspiration from his forehead : It are thundering hot. Borekr: Spoodle has married a girl who knows half a dozen, languages. Nagger: Poor fellow. I pity him. My wife only knows one language, and I find that one too many. "Tell your sister, Nellie, that I have been waiting in the parlor for half an hour." " You've kept her waiting for you six months." " At last," said the author to the sociable man whom he met in the train, " I find some one who has read my book." " Yes, replied the stranger, " I didn't skip a line. I was a proof-reader in the office where it was printed." A Long Needed Sea Story. — Publisher : I wish you would write us a good sea story. Great Author : But I have never been to sea. Publisher: I know it. I want a sea story that peop'e can under stand. 'Arry : What kind of people do you have down here in the season ? Old Salt : Well sir, ali kinds ; some werry common, some real gents and ladies, and some like yerself, sir, 'alf-and-'alf. Clara: Baron Spuclis must be a brave man. They say he lives in a castle that is haunted by the ghosts of murdered ances tors. Jack : Ghosts ! That's nothing. I live in a house that's haunted by bill- collectors. Teacher : John, of what are your shoes made P Boy : Of leather, sir. Teacher : Where does leather come from ? Boy : From the hide of the ox. Teacher : What animal, then, supplies you with shoes and gives you meat to eat ? Boy : My father. 'Bus Driver, to hated rival : Ah, don't you talk about faces. Yours is like a wax work, wot's been too near a stove. Magistrate: Do you want counsel? Culprit : If you ain't too busy, I wouldn't mind a hint how to get out of this scrape. A: Just look at that fellow on the bicycle, will you ? Why on earth does he stoop so ? B : He must be trying to put his shoulder to the wheel. " When you are absorbed in your busi ness cares in the city to-day, Herbert, you will forget your little wife entirely. " No, darling, that steak you cooked for me with your own sweet liands( this morning for breakfast will keep you in my memory 'every minute of the day." A parish beadle was lately much exer cised at the appearance of a strange old gentleman who, when the sermon was about to begin, took an ear trumpet, in two parts, out of his pocket, and began screwing them together. The beadle watched him until the process was com pleted, and ther, going stealthily up, whis- ptred, " Ye manna play that here ! If ye dae, I'll turn ye oot." Doctor : If you must know, ma'am, your husband won't live twenty-four hours longer." " Goodness gracious !" ejaculated the broken-hearted but economical woman, " And here you've gone and prescribed medicine enough for five days." Miss Gushington : Oh, papa, do you re member the meaning of different names ? Now, William means good. I wonder what Arthur means ! Papa, severely : I hope Arthur means business, Matilda. Principal : My dear Muller, you had the courage to save my daughter from drown ing. You deserve to be rewarded. I give you my daughter in marriage. Muller (book-keeper) : It is really very kind of you ; but I am not so courageous as you seem to think. " Professor, who is the happier, the man who owns a million pounds or he who has seven daughters ?" " The man who has seven daughters." " Why so ?" " He who has a million pounds wishes for more, the man who has seven daughters does not. - An old man with a head as destitute of hair as a water-melon entered a chemist's shop and told the clerk he wanted a bottle of hair restorer. " What kind of hair- restorer do you prefer ?" " I , fancy I'll have to take a bottle - of red hair restorer. . That was the colour of my hair when I was a boy." Shopwalker: This lady complains that you didn't show her common civility. Salesman : I showed her everything in my department. 