COUNTRY SKETCHED. T0AKE 8 OHOST. By H.A.C. Many people refuse to believe in the supernatural. I will not argue with them, but .merely describe the experience Winter and I had in the Gippeland bush. If any one doubts me he can go to Winter, whom they will believe, because he never tells lies, except in the ordinary way of busi ness. Toake, although long dead, still dwells in the memory of man. Perhaps because he gave his name to a creek, which runs with a good flow of water, winter and summer. He had earned invidious noto riety, and was one of thoBe gentlemen whom people would rather meet by day than night, if at all. In time he went the way of all flesh, and his career was freely dis cussed by camp fires until bis Spirit had to appear to protest against each posthu* mous maltreatment. I know many men who said that they had seen his apparition -men of substance and probity. In a cer tain district there are few not firmly con vinced that Toake's spirit walks. abroad-by night, as his body was often wont to do. Winter and myself beard tales about him in the shape of fiction suit> able to autumn evenings in the weather board farmhouse where we lodged when spending a holiday in the Gippsland high lands. Tales of dark deeds, and of tor mented spirits wailing over the earth, go. remarkably well among company by a great fire. Nor does the presence of a pretty girl among the listeners spoil the entertain ment. You can laugh bravely at her fears when emotion sets her breast heaving. You somehow feel superior and noble as you say, "Don't be frightened, dear; it waa only a tale. Ghosts don't exist nowa days." The experience which caused Winter and I to take an altered view of such things happened through a desire on Winter's part to examine the country about the Gibb. An amateur geologist is Winter, with an idea that some day he will discover a diamond field in Victoria. That notion is firmly fixed in his mind, but not half so firmly as the idea that he is a complete bushman, capable of going across country from Cape Otway to the Gulf of Carpentaria without compass. I mention this because it led to our gruesome experience. If Winter had not insisted on taking the righthand bridle track after we crossed Deep Creek, but had gone to the left, as I advised, we should have reached the Gibb that night, and there would have tieen nothing to telL In spite of my entreaties he persisted in his course, ana dusk saw us on the top of a spur without sign of camp or habitation in sight, The track wounu downwards to a narrow valley, already indistinct with m«8t. Our horses were tired out; tiie last miles had been stumbled over. We spurred down the track, because weknew the way we Jud oome could not be retraced that night. ; In the shades -t>F the gtilly our horses moved on abreast, BO close that frequently our stirrup-irons I was not sorry to have Winter at nnr elbow, for the valley seemed dead . and desolate. Though the wind was stirring, there was so life in it, only the dank odour which .sunless vegeta tion gives off. The hones trod on through rank grass. A little distance ahead, skirted by the track, was a morass of reeds and un clean water, over wiiich the evening fogs rolled clugguldy. It was not m fppd place to get benighted in. A creeniness in the surroundings produced the feeling fittingly hen he iaid," Ifcel expressed % Winter «b u the dews of death were banting ant on me." , ^ "Let as get along," I answered, spurring my bone, which for the last few minutes hid been proceeding with dainty steps and dilated nostrils. Almost as the ctomU left ®y Jnonth, Winterpointed to the left, say hiflakfeiSxihind. Jftif*vi^outno welcome $eamof light «b twtejfcdwftrib it. When we gpt near huge rent*.flhpyed themselves ifi'«& «|** «tttalnrs be tween Am; logs, aiHa 3oc^^toodlae&,li*ng Tables in fod qbcv ftJood a bush table. The; fireplace exhibited bLtiw of recent .use. vSoon we had the fire linrning, and throwing out a crescent o! Liu. The flames made us feel cheery, and br the time we hadfinished our sandwiches ni,d taken a pull or two at the flask a sense of comfort came over both of us. Winter, must needs stand up to decipher some let ters roughly carved on a beam over the fire 1)1,ire. I!'*- loosed at them for some time (villi silent interest, then turned, remark ing "It's dam nnnl . J asked for an explanation. "Well," lie said, "there are five letters-! T-o-a-k _n»d. c. That spells 'Toake/ does" t i t ? ! His words brought,me to my feet, and I road with him the unshapely letters, spell-, ing the name which had been made so' familiar to us by farmhouse tales. I . "It is rum," was all I could utter. There] Crept over me an uneasy feeling, whilst to' my memory came many stories which I had heard with supercilious, interest. The re membrance of them dried my throat, and nitfde me wonder at the sound of my own voice. Winter did not speak much until1 after we had finished the flask, when he jjrew garrulous on the absurdity of giving jvay to superstition. His remarks were so evidently forced that they gave me no com * Jl - -fuJitK* niMiiIiat,! fort We both confessed to feeling peculiar; bp ns it ions of nervousness, and, though we Agreed that nervousness was ridiculous, our heads would keep.turning at every creak of ?lip door . Our hearing became bo keen that the sound of the horses champing at the crass came quite dear.'to us. Whilst preparing a rough sort of couch to slccn before the fire, I made an uap cuant, discovery. In tearing a slab of bark from the roof something fell at my feet, glittering as it lay. I picked up a knife; the blade was long and keen and bright in places, whilst dark- patches disdosed other por tions. Winter, whistled Boftly as he ex 8mined it by the firelight. "Hlood-stained!" he ejaculated. "It looks like it," I said. I There fell a silence. "A knife might lie between the roof and (he rafters for a long time without dis-1 Colouring much," said Winter. "It might," I assented. "X wonder how it came there?" "I have no ideas on the subject, said Jointer. Uy his voice I knew that he lied-that lie thought with me the knife had belonged to Toake, and had probably been U6ed by him in some of his misdoings. Winter has since confessed that such thoughts were in deed running in his mind, together with rague speculations as to what secrets the dark morass might hold. Neither of us said much just then, only looked at the knife curiously until Winter laid it aside. With saddles for pillows we lay down to sleep. I awoke during the night to lind the fire out, and great darkness everywhere. £'ry as I would sleep refused to come again, as'my mind was active in recalling legends of the supernatural in connection with Toake. My back grew cold with l'ear, and I worked myself into that fearful condition ^f mind "Like one, that on a lonesome road Doth walk in tear and dread, And, having once turned round, walks on And turns no more his head; Because he knows a frightful fiend Doth close behind him tread." Ifow long I lay sweating cold drops 1 could never tell, but in - time an in terruption came, although it afterwards cast me into a worse, state. This was a faint " Coo-ee," boating froin afar. It spurred me to awaken Winter, which I did by let ting my hand fall heavily across his face. I felt him.start up suddenly and gasp, lie asked me in a choKed voice if I was awake. When I answered yes lie said something cold had pressed over him. "It was my hand," I said. ! "What the devil do you ?" he began,' in relieved tones, when I broke in with, "Listen, do you hear anything?" I With my question the call came a"ain, j loud enough to seem much nearer. This j time the ranges faintly echoed it. "Some fellow has lost his way," said Winter. Yet neither of us stirred or sent au answer to j the wanderer. We lay still listening. Then the "coo-ee" came on us like a clap, so near and bo distinct was it. A horse on the gallop could not have covered the distance ] so swiftly. I plucked at Winter's arm, and j found it shaking. Once more the cry swelled out, now right above the hut. 'This is awful," groaned Winter. It was J not the voice of man. The cry sobbed'out at intervals right to the other end of the valley, and seemed to die away among the hills*. In the silence that followed I was sensible of some awful presences in the hut, and the air seemed to smell of stale blood. Unexpectedly a repetition of the cry. broke out afresh close j to the hut. I must have fainted. I recovered, to find myself propped against the outside walls, in" the grey light J of early morning, with full consciousness of all that had happened. Winter, with a j Iiallid face, was bringing water to me in lit hat. He asked how I felt. I was in a condition of nervous prostration, and told I SO. "It was awful after you collapsed," he said. "The cries continued for-it seemed years. I was paralysed with terror until daylight. Hanged if I can make it out! j lernaps, after all, there is something in the supernatural." He asked me to stay still whilst^ he found the -horses. "Yen, get i I suid^ "I^t .ug fanrftit place. j1 ,W;IS. n°t 'ong before we were mounted and leaving the* hut behind 'us, nuzzling our prams with speculations on what we hid i,? ' i. 'nter brought the knife with nim. He now took it from his pocket, iurning it over, he said, "I wonder how /uVf )loor devils felt this sharp blade." of ti ,n°.ment there came round the bend the track, we were ascending a stockman driving three steers. Mornin', mates," he said. "Have you U?" that we had only come Wwn -A°aKe ® h"t!" said,. "Wish I'd f |UU(>CS| tic I Men a polev cow about?" We told nim no. that we had from the hut by the swamp. 'Ah, Toake's hut!" he said. .. - , known you was there. I'd ha' come oyer. I Was camped at the foot of the spur. Winter looked at me. "Did you bear anything last night?" he asked. 'Can't say I. did," replied the stock man, _ "We thought someone was coo-eeing," told I. "One o' them coo-ee birds," said the ttockman. "There's two or three about »ere, and they're most deceivin'. Hallo! «b added, seeing the knife in Winter i nand; "you've got my eJd skinning knife. you find it in the hut? I left it there .~J year after skinning a drowned heifer, .^forgot it." * , . v_. 1 got it ID the hut," ajM Winter, it to him, and not dariqffto look at J %*'}.«ay what Winter and I think, hut bird « discover later that there is aach ft 1 as the etockcuati described. 