THE COLONEL'S DREAM. (A THFE EPISODE.) SY PERCY CROSS STANDING. ' I. THE TWENTY-THIRD OF DECEM BER, 1841. It is noon of an Afghan wlntor's-day. The hills surrounding tbe city of Ivhoord- Kabul aro white with snow, and in their ! dazzling whiteness, as the sun succeeds in 'breaking through, they prcsont a very I beautiful appearance. Tho dark waters of 'the -Kabul River flow in proximity, impart ing a look of glootn to tho wlioio landscape. On a gentle slope close to the city are gdthored a knot of officers wearing the uni form of the Queen— save one man, who, conspicuous by reason of his civilian attire, has- all the appearance of a diplomat. Ho is, in faob, none other than Sir William Macnaghten, Plenipotentiary from the CAurb of Groat Brituin to the Ameer of -Afghanistan. A little apart, in charge of n ;syce, stands a magniGcenb Arab abarger, which, from its rich trappings and gener ally " glossy" appearance, ono would think is.going to change owners. Such, indeed, is -the case. Tho person for whom this steed is intended is striding aoroos the snow, at tended by- several Afghan officials, towards the little knob of Europeans. - He is a tall, commanding figure, richly dressed and, after the fashion of-his countrymen, having an infinity of formidable-looking daggers stuck in his girdle. There is withal a cer tain ring of insincerity about the tones of this'man's voice when ho addresses you, and a certain eomothing that makes liis face appear more than sinister wlion he smiles, that fail to impress one very favourably. Such is Hie Highness Ackbnr Klinn, son of the Dost Mahomed Khan, sometime Ameer of Afghanistan. 'He greets Sir W iliiam cordially though COrtainly not deferentially, nnd expresses himself highly delighted with the horse, as weU.as with a pair of very handsome pistols which Sir William presents to liiin— yet there is a covert insolence in tho expres sion of his thanks, as mnch as to say, " I know you aro in my power ; I know yon are giving me presents because you would make good terms with me-" And now they \- proceed to " palaver." But the English men, noticing tbat a number of villainous- looking Afghans are drawing near, reminds Ackbur that the conference is or should be private, when he repiles in the following extraordinary terms : "Their presence can do no harm, as they are all in the secret." The nature of that secret does not remain long in doubt. At a given signal the British officors are seized suddenly from behind, each tied on a horse behind an Afghan trooper, and borne away-ovef the snow ! At first they are ail too much as tonished by this gross treachery to speak a word — and, indeed, speaking a word would serve no useful purpose— and afterwards they are going at too great a rate to muke conversation possible. Two of them are carried hastily to a fort near by, another (Lientenant'Trevor), who loses his seat nnd falls to tho ground, is despatched by the murderous Gliosis thronging round. The officers' cowardly escort have fled. Sir William Maonoghton bos beengrasped by theperfidious Ackbar, and a dosperoto though unequal struggle was now waged between tbe two-men on the-greund. IbiB uncertain to this hour whether Aokbar in tended to kill Sir William, though subse quent evouts would tend to Bbow- that the crime was premeditated. Be that as ibiray, wo will ussume that in the fury of the mnmenb Ackbar did not realise what ho was doing. Drawing a pistol — irony of fate I ib was oho of the beautiful. little weapons with which the envoy bod just presented him — the miscreant shot Sir William dead. Those who saw the deed done never to their dying day forgot tho look of woudoriug horror that-distorted the Englishman's face- as he was- struck down. The only words ho -was heard to utter were, Az barae Khoda (For God'»sake I). ' Sir-VV. Macnaghten lias been blamed for reposing any- confidence in such u man as Ackbar Khan. But Sir William was noth ing if not an English gont-lemnn ; it was phrb of his nuturo to trust people implicit ly, and he paid the penalty. 'His lifeless body was mutilated by Ack- bar's barbarous followers, tho head being \- taken into the city, and with a barbarous refinement of cruelty, shown to Captain Conolly, an English prisoner. 'And so the fatal 93rd of December, 1841, passed into history. II.— AT .TELALADAD :THE COLONEL'S STORY. Tho scene is cliunged. .Wo are still in Afghanistan, and it is the evening of a festival known to the English-speakiog race as Boxing Day—as is ovidenoed by the attempts ut decoration, and by tho little crowd 'of gay subalterns seated around a blazing fire in the officers' moss-room nt Jelalabad. For we are now inside of that hjstorio fort-roBS, which is unpleasantly threatened " by the wily Afghans. It is »i few days after the tragic event jusb re-, corded, and ib is thab foot whioh imparts n grave tinge to the yonng officers' conversa tion to-night. But it is impossible for them —particularly in war time— to remain grave for very long, and a Iioartly laugh is ring ing through the. room when the door opens to admib a sold iorly-look ing figure, nttired in the undress uniform of un infantry regi ment. This Is Colonel Dennie, of the 13th — approved soldier, and ono born to cope with grave crises. He is in a very abstracted mood just now, in no humour for badinage, and ho says not a word as room is mudo for him within the oirolothat surrounds the fire. . ' Why ib this thus, Colotiol 3' asks one young fellow, adopting that air of well- bred familiarity assumed by "subs." : towards- their ohiofs when not on duty. Yon seem quite " off colonr " this even- iog-' ' : ' . Yos, Courtney, and I feel " off colour,'' as you so elegantly express it,' says Colonel Dennie ; ' the faet is I have bad a dream— an ominous dream— undone wbicli I cannot forgot.' ' He is instantly assailed with a ohorusof ' Shouts.- A; dream, Colonel 3 A dream ,3 We mnfeb. -bear it, so none of your shirking. HVe've bad a ghost story, and we must " " : »jnly have your dream I . On Boxing ' oomo, fire away.' : "3d, ho has to give way, and ho says, Bmilingly, ' Well, gentlemen, it is soon teld. 1 dreamed that Kubul had been evaouated, and thut for seme little time we had been without definite tidings of the garrison. Then one day, when all the hills were covered with snow as they aro now (only mora so), wo heard that a Binglo horse- mun was in sight, coming slowly, and (apparently) painfully towards t-ho place. Well; you fellows all flookgd on to the out works, as you are- accustomed to do on the slightest provocation, and brought your glasses to bear upon the uuforlunate man. As lie slowly enunciated tbo word 'glasses,' tho Colonel meditatively refreshed himself by taking a long pnil from a glass of eomothing hot that stood at liis elbow, and, drawing a deep breath, continued : ' I can - see the man of my dream now, though I cannot distinctly re-call his features. He wns vory pale and blood stained, and grasped tightly in his right 'hand a brokon sword — in fact, was so cover ed witli wounds that he could scarce keep liis saddle. His horse, too, was wounded, and bore all the marks of hard riding.' Here the irrepressible one of the party takes advantage of a brief hiatns in the Colonel's recital to ask — " What colour was ho, Colonel 3" " Who, the man or the horse 3" returns Dennie, smiling. ' The horse appeared to bo of a brown colour, and both man and beast seemed in suoh a groggy condition that I thought— and it won ail so real— I sont a party, to bring them in. But here comes in the most impressive part of my dream, or at all events the part that bus impressed me most. When we had suc ceeded in bringing the man round, it wus elioitcd from him that of all the fine army commanded by General Elphinstone at Kabul a few months before he was the solo survivor — thut our troops had evacuated the city in the depth of winter, had been surprised in the passes by the treacherous Ghuzis, and had all been destroyed save this one man." Tiie naturo of this story in conjunction with the Colonel's way of telling it, bad some effect upon his hearers, albeit the ir repressible was understood to remark, in muffled toDes, that it was " a nice thiug to givo a feller the horrors at Christmas time," "But what conclusions do you deduce from the dream yonrsolf?" inquired Courtney. " I have an impression that it was more than a dream, that it was a revelation," replied Colonel Dennie, thoughtfully. " I believe the Kabul Army will bo de stroyed to one man, and that he will come to us la tell the tale." III. THE DREAM JL'ARTLY REALISED. In 1837, tbo Indian Government of the day, attracted by the movements of certain supposod Russian spies in tho country westward- of tho Indus, had opened nego- tiations with Dost Mahomed, the Ameer of Kubul, with a view to counteracting the Muscovite plans. Tho-Dost, who was in reality a moat unscrupulous and crafty fellow, had recently possessed liiin sol f of the government by driving out the ruling monarch, Shnh- Sujah. Finding tbat the -Dost declined to come to terms, the British decided to aid the exiled Shall Sujah in a determined effort lo regain -his lost throne. Now, Dost-Mabomed had at Kabul some fourteen -thousand-troops, while his brothers 'held the Bcarcoly less important city of Kandahar with othor four thousand!. The British- opposed to these a powerful force, styling it " The Army of tbe Indus," and giving tbo command to Major-General Sir John Keane. This army numbered in all some 40,000 strong, and-as a large propor tion of thoBe were Europeans, Kabul was quickly captnrod, the Poet forced to flee, nnd Shah Sajah re-established on the throne of hie unoestora. Having accom plished its mission and proclaimed a pro tectorate over the country our army thon withdrew, merely leaving a contingent be hind to support tbe Ameer. Dost Mahomed had submitted, ib is true, but he war "scotched," nob killed, whilst the minoi chieftains, headed by bis hopeful off spring Ackbar, wore eager for a renewal ol hostilities. These events occurred during 1839-40, and on November 2nd, 1841, n sndden terrible -outbreak took place in the Afghan' capital, culminating in tbe brutal assassination of Sir Alexander Burnes ant other English officers. \ Shah Sujah proved perfectly incapnbli to grapple with a great crisis, and sat holp lees in his pulaoe, while his very bodyguard deserted to Dost Mahomed, TheBritiai- garrison at Kabul was commanded bj Major-General Elphinstono, who for hit part sbowod himself utterly inadequate tr net with any degree of firmness, and whoso dread of Afghan treaohory lod him to meta phorically bow the kneo before Dost Mahomed. As ib turned out, his half hearted negotiations were interrupted by the terrible murder ojSir William Mac naghten, and afterwards the Dost proposed conditions— humiliating enough in tliem- sovles— for tbe evacuation of Kabul-by its British garrison. These terms included the surrender of all urtillery, spare arms, nnd treasure, and the giving up of all married officers, with their families, ast hostages. This last degrading condition was not carried out, because " ib could not be en forced j but eventually it ended in Lady- Bale and other ladies being left in tho enemy's hands. The New Year of 1842 -had arrived, nnd on January 6th our unfortunate people, to the nambor of 4,500 fightiug man, and 12,000 camp followers, marched out of Kabul. Their way led through the sombre mountain passes, which by this time pre sented a magnificont, yet terrible picture. Vusb piles of snow, of dazzling whiteness, upheaved against a cold blue sky, whilst the atmosphere was so cruolly keen that clothing seemed hardly a protection. It was noticeable at the outset that the promised safeguard for tho passage of our troops through the country was not forthcoming, nnd what this portended waa quickly per- coived in the large, suggestive-looking bunds of Gliazees and other robbers who (looked around and bung upon the out- skirts of tho tiny' army. A repetition of Napoleon's retreat from Moscow, on a smulier scale, was in store for our poor follows. Tho power and>-troaohory ot the villain ous Aokbar, like a bydra-heoded monster, were apparent at evory turn. First occurred the desertion to the enemy of one of tiie native rcginaeuts--u sufficiently ominous sign— and tbe close of the first day's raaroh left hnndreds-of the wretched omup'-followors, men, women, and children, lying frozon on tho ground. Anon the enow becamo so deep that the horses coold noLdrag the guns, and several pieces were' accordingly spiked and abandoned. Other pieces were ail but loBt in a sudden on slaught by the enemy's cavalry, nnd these guns, too, bad ultimately to bo loft. Hordes of plunderers bung about tbe rear of our force, murdering Lieutenant Hardy- mnn and fifty sowars of the 5tli Cavalry, until gradually the British lost ail sem blance of cohesion and censed to resemble un army. The horror of the scone wae heightened by the glare of a groat con flagration, Kabul having beon set on fire in several places by Ackbar und liis friends. General Elphinstono had blundered al ready, bub the egregious error that lie now committed surpassed anything ho bad yet been guilty of. Aokbar, with a refinement of feeling well worthy tho murderer of Sir William Macnaghten, hud conceived tho diabolical idea of decoying the retreating force into the Khoord-Kabul Fass, that fearful gorge, five miles in length, so narrow that the rays of tho sun are unable to penetrate its depths, und through which flows u rapid torrent that is crossed by tbo slippery, stony path uo fewer titan twenty- eight times. With this plot in hismindAck- bar, at the head of six hundred horsemen, made baste to overtake tho English, und pre sented himself before Elphinstone with the lying statement that he had been appointed to safeguard them through the passes, and at the same. time, to demand hostages for bhe ovneuution of the fortress of Julahibud (where Sir Robert Sale was commandant) If these hostages were refused, he was to detain tho force, but furnish it with sap- plies, As tho Afghan's determination manifestly was to destroy the entire forco, Elphinstone should imve indignantly spurned the proffered terms, and continued tho retreat of his troops witli all speed ; instead of which he weakly gave up three gallant officers us " hostages," and again ondeavoured to make terms. Aekbar's end was achieved, however ; the line of retreat lay through the defiles of the Khoord- Kabul. Tbe disordered mob — I can term it nothing else— pressed wildly on through the pass, whose heights were lined by bands of the enemy, pouring down a relentless fusilade, And it must be borne in mind that delicate ladies, sometimes bearing infants in their arms, were mixed up in thab seething mass, having to run the guuntlet of rifles that carried death at a thousand yards. January 9th found the, remnant of onr people through the puss, bub in whab a condition ! Reduoed to less than livo hun dred Europeans, with a flock of frightened camp-followers, there wore few murmurers when Elphinstone called another of those fatal halts. Tho presence of Ackbar in their midst enhanced the irony of the situa tion, and his continued demand for tbe surrender of tho married officors nnd their families was at length complied with. Yet the rour- gusrd retained strength sufficient to beat off two vary severe attacks. But u master-stroke of treachery now enabled Ackbur, by inviting General Elphinstone, Brigudier Shilton, and Captain Johnstone to a conference, to get those officsrs.into his power. To do them justice, they wero so far forgetful of eelf as to implore him to preserve tho lives of the few survivors by staying tho hands of his followers. Ho wus as UBnai profuse in his promises, stating that he wonld engage his father-in-law (a powerful and equally unscrupulous chief tain) by the payment of' two lacs of rupees, to pilot the unhappy creatures through the country. Tho money wus accordingly ex torted. Aokbar returned at evening with the announcement that bo had carried out his part of the contract ; but even os-he spoke the roar of musketry in the distance gave the lie to the villain's words. ' Tel pore, tel liis and Ackbar and bis worthy sire, having pocketed tho rupees and got the por- sons of the officors and ladies into tlicir possession, had delihor&toly; barricaded tbe Yugdullnk Pass with trees, lined it with riflemen, and iefo the infidel dogs- to their fate, what timo their Gonoral sat hopelessly in the enemy's camp, a prisoner. Brought to bay oneo more, tho linndful of British fought desperately, and taught their cowardly assailants a severe lesson. ' Hero, however, fell Auquotil, Chambers, Browne, and atlier bravo men. But why 1 dwell upon this scene 3 By a wretched | combination of' incompetence and timidity 1 011 the part of the British commander of un paralleled treachery and double-dealing— ' certainly not of ekiil in battle— on tho part ; of the Afghans, Elphinstone's army of 1 the Indus, whieli had loft ICnbnl numbering 1 16,500 of ail ranks, was iu the briof space of a week, dostroyed off tlio face of tho 1 earth i i 