LOVE AND LIFE. A DETECTIVE .STORY. e'lIAITKR 1. Bv Basii, Or.mie. Summer heat had passed away : summer flowers and fruit were over. Autumn had come, and with liim had brought his hearty friend, Mr. Frost. It was the touch of this latter gentleman which had caused John Giles, a farm laborer misy plashing the hedges 011 Mr. Luke's farm, to lay down his long,handled .sickle now and again and clap his arms against his sides with resounding blows to warm the tips of hits leather-gloved fingers. The scene of John's work 011 that iiright October day was a lovely dell, sheltered from strong winds by the hills on either side. On the easternmost of these hills the distant high road was visible at intervals, winding in and out of the pinewood. John worked stolidly on in undisturl»ed solitude, enlivened only by the indistinct tinkling of a sheep bell, the lowing of a cow, or the twittering of saucy Robin and the little brown-coated hed^e accentor. The hill to the west, thickly wooded with pines and bushes 011 the summit for the greater part of its length, lay between the spot where John was working and the masters homestead. The earlier part of the day was calm and still, but as time wore on a little breeze began to rise and fluttered the crisp autumn leaves, making each one swirl and dance as though inhabited by a fairy sonl, down to and around John's feet. By-and-by, as the day declined, heavy black clouds gathered overhead. Then John drew oft his thick leather gloves, glanced down at his brown leggings, and giving a push and a pull to his close wool cap, shouldered his tools—the lo.ig-handled sickle and the clippers—and set forth on his return to his masters farm. As lie slowly and heavily plodded along across the upturned field John's hobnailed boots sank deep into the loosened earth at every step. But he did not observe it. for his slow mind was intently occupied in revolving a (question of great and solemn importance! to himself. Was he likely to keep his present place, or must he lose it ? John had worked on that farm ever since he left the village school as a lad of twelve, but recently a change had come over the farmer and his wife. She, who used to be so blithe and gay, so ready to speak a kind word, to do a kindly act, had Iteconie silent and sad. Latterly, John had often seen her silting iu the house-place with folded hands when the poultry or young calves needed her care, and when he approached to summon her he perceived that she was weeping. And then the master. True, lie had always Weil a bit stern, but he had known how to value a goo4 and faithful servant. Now, however, he was harsh, and his temper so uncertain that 110 one could please him. This very morning John had received such a rebuke from him as left small hope of his remaining much longer iri his present situation. " However, there l>c Farmer Stoke up to Bridge, and there be Farmer Owen over to Lewin, and they both of 'em know me. 'Tis hard to be shifted about like a brute beast, and I've a sort of kindly feeling to the dumb creatures a< I've reared and the ground as I've tilled these many years past." John stood still here, and slowly scratching his head, proceeded to take a leisurely survey, first iu one direction, then in another. "Mercy 011 us,'' lie exclaimed, as iu turning to continue his way he again faced the ; hill lying bet ween .himself and his master's i farm. " Mercy on us, what's that ? Is the wood a-fire?" j No. It was only the setting sun. How 1 large and round, and how fiery red it : looked. John thought, as he slowly let his 1 eyes travel along the top of the hill to the ! spot where the bun's disc seemed to rest, right on the highest ridge, tliat it appeared larger and redder than he had ever seen it , before. John rubbed his eyes after he had looked , for a moment—he fancied the strong light was deceiving him. Presently he looked again. And then he stared. What was it he saw ? Silhouetted against the red disc of the sun, on the ridge of the hill, was the figurrof a large dog. He was sitting upright, apparently watching, or waiting just outside the pinewood. " What's up now ?" queried John. That must be Hero." As if in reply to the muttered query the dog threw back hi* head and uttered howl upon howl. One—two—three—would lie never stop V John dropped his tools and crammed his fingers into his ears. " I wunna hear it, or mebbe it's meself as '11 die," he muttered. Then, changing his mind, he gathered up his tools and set off again up hill with quickened steps towards the dog. As he mounted higher the figure of the dog seemed to sink and change, till at last he showed white against a mass of green, instead of black against the flaming red of the sun. But what a wretched noise the creature made. •So scon as John got within shouting distance he began calling and whistling. " Here, then, Hero. Here, good old dog," But the animal, usually so obedient, paid uo heed. He continued his howling, and never moved an inch. John redoubled his blandishments, but all in vain. As he approached the dog he saw there was a dark patch on the grass. A step nearer still. And then John perceived that the dark object was a man lying at full length upon the ground. " Sleeping off the drink," grunted .J01111. " But 'tis a cold lied this time o' day. And —why—inercy 011 us—'tis the master himself. Hi—master—Mr. Luke—sir—is aught amiss with 'ee ?" But no answer came. The sleeper neither moved nor spoke. Again the dog threw up his head and howled. Then John's honest face paled under its tan, and John's knees shook and knocked together. He came close and stooped over the prostrate figure. Then he saw that Mr. Lnke was lying in a pool of his own blood, and that the red stream was still oozing slowly from two wounds, one in the left side, the other iu the throat. Mr. Luke was dead —m urdcred. John touched the dead man's cheek with the tips of his fingers and found it was cold. As he did so the dog licked his face, and only then did John notice that Hero's coat was red with his master's blood. But now a new terror seized on John. There, distant a quarter of a mile down the next valley, lay the dead man's farm. Even as he stood, John could see the mistress crossing the yard on her way to the dairy. He shouted, he waved his arms, but she neither saw nor heard. Then he set off running iu his heavy boots. But amid all his haste, one awful thought tormented him. " The master scolded me the morn. Will they say as how I've gone and killed un ?" Kven his slow brain told him they probably would. And then . How prove his innocence? Alas, Nature is the mute witness of many a crime, and John had no fellow-worker with him that day to prove how he had spent his time. Still he raced on, and presently stood breathless in the stable yard. He threw down his tools with a clatter. Out ran Mrs. Luke. " Why, John, my man, you're skeered and breatliless. Did the master send ye ? And have ye seen Hero? The dog's up and away this three honrs, and the sheep was as contrary as could be." " Aye, aye," said John, staring blankly at the good wife. " Has the dog been your way V And (lie master ?'" " Oh. aye. Missus. That's why I've runhere. I seed 'em both, and <»od a mercy, 1 the dog won't leave un." Terror-stricken, Mrs. Luke seized John by. the arm, and shook him. I "There's snmniat wrong, then. Speak out man. Where's my husband ?" "Up there, Missus, as dead—why as | dead as last summer," and John jerked his head in the direction of the hill? Mrs. Luke threw up ber arms with a shriek that brought the niaid of all work running from her kitchen, and the dairyman and shepherd from their more distant places of employment. John caught Mrs. Luke as she fell- ; "'Tis the master's lying murdered up j yonder," he explained.to the terrified folk. " And the dog's howls did call me np to see." The three men est cried the unconscious woman indoors, and then set off up the hill to the scene of the tragedy. They tore up a hurdle.front thesheepfold. leaving the slieep free to wander away if tlicy pleased, and in less than an hour the dead man lay on his own 1**!. The dog had followed, and sat Iteside liim still. Who had killed Mr. Luke ? Each of the three men looked askance at the other two, mutely questioning which might be the murderer. CHAPTER H. 'Die doctor had mine and gone. He had shaken his head sadly and gravely over the dead mail; he had spoken kindly to the widow, as yet too stunned for tears : he had sent for the police. These gentlemen had searched t-he wood and the fields, the hedges and the ditches, and had found—nothing. They had searched the orchard close to the house, the barns and outlying sheds, and had found—nothing. - They had searched the dead man's pockets and papers, and had found—nothing. But they looked so clever and so calm that everyone felt quite sure they knew all about it. The coroner came with his twelve jurymen. Mr. Luke liad been shot with a revolver, but no weapon could I»e found. John and his mates hreathed freely once more. None of them possessed, such a weapon. The three drank a cup of ale together as a pledge of renewed confidence, and Hero looked on in quiet approval. A verdict of "wilful murder" was returned, but as Hero couldn't speak English, it was against " some person or persons unknown." One policeman remained to guard the farm for a week, but there really seemed no need for further watching, so at the end ot that time he left. And then the dairvtnan. receiving a tempting offer from a neigbouring farmer, left also. The new dairvnian —a stranger in that part of the country— appeared deeply interested in all the details of Mr. Luke's murder, and was constantly talking about the reward oflered bv the magistrate for the discovery of the murderer. Meanwhile a sleuth hound, more keen of scent than the best trained dog, more quick of wit than the shrewdest of Scotland Yard's detectives, was on the 'murderer's track, had already come up with him, and was holding him fast. Hatred, greed of gain, are keen bloodhounds. Love is keener still— Midnight had just struck by the grandfather clock iu the house- place of Mr. Luke's farm; everyone was supposed to be deeping, when a light gleamed beneath the door in which the dead-man had lain. Hero stiH insisted on sleeping there, and started up at once with an angry growl, which died as Mrs. Luke entered. The poor woman .liad not yet undressed. She put her candle on the table, and sitting down by the bed, covered her face with her hands. The dog crept quietly to her feet, and lav there. " Ah, dear ! all, dear! moaned the poor woman, unconsciously speaking her thoughts | aloud. " Just to think tbat the brute beast ' should be kinder and truer than one's own i flesh and blood. Alas ! my Will, my poor j dear husband, if only I had told you I I should not feel so bad. If only I had i warned you ere you set out that fatal day, ' pereliance'you might yet have been alive and ! well. While he--oh, fiod !—does anyone j know or suspect besides myself ?" ! With a bitter cry the poor widow flung ; herself on her knees by that desolate mar- ! riage bed, and gave way to a flood of tears. ' Hero put his two fore paws on his misj tresse's shoulder, aud licked her face in silent j sympathy, butliis kindness passed unheeded. | Poor Hero—no other help was there, and ; he could only look-on with kind comprehenj sive eyes and an occasional whiue. Yes: Elsie Luke was alone in her deep grief. But was this as it should beWas I there no human heart that should now have been beating in sorrowful echo to her own ? • As her sobs gradually stilled Mrs. Luke resumed her self-communing :— " It seems too dreadful to be true, and yet I know it was no dream. 'Twas he himself. I saw him distinctly in the moonlight, only the night before the murder. Something— I cannot tell what—awoke me, and uneasylike I stole from my bed to the window. Then 1 saw him in the orchard, creeping like a thief aljout the place that should have been his home. At first he was alone, but not for long. Soon that wicked girl who perverted his heart, and who has lieen the ruin of us all, stepped out from the shadow of the hedge. Aye, and be loves that worthless gipsy baggage still, just as when he curs?*d his parents, and, turning back upon his home, went aud 'listed for a soldier rather than obey and give her up. "Tis awful wicked. Vet how fine and handsome he looked in his gay Dragoon uniform—my poor Joe. Deary inc. Deary me. to think that the little I why who hung at my breast, the little la/1 who lisped his first prayer at my knee, should be—alas, that I should live to see this day " Mrs. Luke walked slowly across to the window. " Yes, there he stood, and I had raised this sash just a little to speak »» my boy. But when that girl stcpjied forward, what could 1 do, I, his mother, but stand aside unseen ? ."'Joe,' I heard her say. '.Toe, what beest arter here ?' " And then he turned, and flung his arms around her and kissed the shameless thing, holding her close to his breast. " * Bess, my life," and. oh, his voice was sweet to my heart. * Bess, sooner than I would give ye up, or let ye suffer. I'd lay the old man yonder dead at my feet.' " ' Nay, Joe, nay. A wedding as grows out o' a murder ain't never no good, lad. And why should ye speak such words the night?' " " ' I wrote begging and praying of him, Bess, to buy me off th' army, and I promised as how I'd work the money out fair and square.' '"Wellf" " ' And he wouldn't: he scoffed and he jeered at me. " The discipl ne will break thee in, lad, and teach thee better manners. As for me a-buying thee out o' th' army to wed that god-for-nothing gipsy lass, why I'll be hanged first, so there." Them's the very words he wrote, Bess.' " ' And then ?' " And then, lass, I got leave, saying the mother lay a-dying, and here I am. And I'll right thee, lass, or ever I go away again.' " * I seed thee, Joe, in the gloaming, a- hiding in yon wood. And now I've come to say I'll follow thee as thou wilt, or III wait for thee here. Taint Bess as a cross word or two and a sour look can frighten away.' " ' I know it, lass, and I trust ye. But it ain't in reason as I should let meself be sent far from ye. I'll make the old man yonder change his mind, or one of us must die. I ain't got no permit to wed, nor no money to do it neither. But no man shall point the finger o" scorn at my Bess.' "' Finger o' scorn, indeed. A likely thing. Look 'ee here, Joe. We'll bide a bit, and th' old man H knock under when he sees as his will ain't a-going to govern yourn.' " ' Indeed, and I'll make him the morrow, Bess, or I'll know why. But let's clear out now, lass, or the dog '11 wake th' old man, and there'll be murder afoot ere we know what we're at.' " As if the dog didn't know him as well as well could be. But there I, his old mother, had to stand and see that bold, black-eved wcnch lead him away, and me no power to speak and stop him lest the father should awaken, and the two be at each other's throat. Oh, woe is me that ever I was born ! If only I had dared speak np and tell the father or ever he went out. I»e might ha' been here now. Oh, my boy, my boy, always the same wilful, passionate lad, a-playing truant from | school, never, bending to none, and proud with all the father's stubbornness. To ' think that it should come to this. But Fll never tell, never. Fll be torn in pieces first. He might have trusted his own mother. Ah, wliat's that ?" It was Hero^wdio, tired of his mistress's absorption, was endeavoring to attract her attention by pulling her dress. " Poor old doggie," she said, patting his head," you and I have a secret to keep, and we must never, never tell it, Hero." And Hero licked bin mistress's face, and wagged his bushv tail in token of good faith. CHAPTER III. October was dying. The year was four weeks older than on the day when Fanner Luke was shot. The plashing of the hedges was finished now. The birds—excepting the robin—had ceased to twitter in the hedgerows, for winter had set in with full vigor, and drove them to seek food at the hands of the cottagers. The dry leaves no longer danced, liecause they had fallen ten days ago. and the -naked arms of the trees stretched up towards the wintry sky or ' tossed in fruitless anger -on the rough storm wind. Only the pine wood kept .its deep mysterious gloom, and shrouded its secrete from the curious eye of man. It .was a large wood, covering miles of country, and holding many a disused quarry And. woodman's hut within its circling arms. In the very heart of • the wood stood a ruined farm. This place liad been searched again and again'in the first hue and cry for Mr. Luke's murderer:. but no trace of life was found there, and no,.one from the country side would stay in :the neighbourhood after dark, because the wife of the last farmer who had resided there had <-om* milled suicide, and her glipst was said to walk at night. Down iu the village to "which Mi-. Luke's farm lielonged, two large placard's were ^posted on the base of the village constable's house. One set forth that the magistrates offered fifty pounds reward for the discoverer of Farmer Luke's murderer ; the other was an army notice proclaiming as deserter, Joseph Luke, of the —th Dragoons. and offering twenty pounds for his apprehension, or for information as to his whereabouts. The country had lieen scoured in vain. Many a man would have been glad to earn the reward, and many another would have been thankful to know 011 whom to fix the stigma of the murder. But folks began to look grave, and aver that the murderer had escaped, and that young Luke—always wild youth—must have got himself killed ir some brawl or other. Only one man shook his head in peoS^F tent dissent whenever he heard opinions—the new dairyman. Larkin. had become the friend" of everybod; village," and was alw ays dropping i least expected. He was always because he was chatty, told sucli£<I tales in the village inn, and wassail ready to lend a helping hand . needed. Only Hero, the dog showed his teeth at his approach, and would nev&j; the whistle of Larkin. As for Mrs. Luke, people feared her was giving way. She took long, solitary in the pine wood, and daily went and sat at the spot where her husband's body was found. When at home she shut herself np in the parlour and allowed no one to come near her. But Hero had abandoned the sheep, and was his mistresse s constant companion. Full moon had come round again, but no silver ray could penetrate the dense blackness of the pine wood. The day had been stormy and cold, sleet showers and a high wind had kept folks indoors, and the sun only peeped through a break in the clouds just as he was setting. But as the moon rose the sky cleared, and the wind sank to a sobbing, whispering moan. W 7 as there no other sound in the forest? Larkin had retired at his usual hour and fell sound asleep. Was it the cessation of wind and storm, or, as he fancied, the yelp of a dog which woke him ? Was it a dream that rising and peeping, he seemed to see a woman heavily laden, followed by a dog, toiling up the hill from the farm"? Perhaps it was a dream, for though he dressed with all speed when he reached the farmyard gate 110 living creature could be seen. Up on the top of the hill the pine trees swayed softly, and seemed to l>e whispering secrets to each other. But was there no other sound iu all that dark forest ? Perhaps a very acute listener, such as an Indian with his ear to the ground, might have detected something like an occasional twig snapping under a light footfall—the soft pit-a-pat of a dog's trot, and now and again a firmer touch on the ground. Perhaps fancy might have conjured up such a picture as this :—A woman shaken with sobs and tears; a man kneeling and pleading with groans at her feet, and pleading not iu vain, as the hurried, agonised embrace of the two would show, and the joyous leap of a companion dog. Reconciliation, forgiveness—a heavenly picture, yet marred when we think of the dark figure of lurking retribution eyeing with watchful gaze the unconscious group from the shadow of a distant tree. Thus in the neighbourhood of the haunted farm does fancy run riot. Of course the restless ghost must sob and moan, and wander, followed by the footsteps of a deathless past for ever ringing in its ears. What more could there be in the forest on such a night as this ? An hour before dawn Larkin re-entered his loft, but not to rest. He stood and watched with the shadow of that dream on his face until, some half-hour later, Mrs. Luke returned home footsore and weaiy, and followed by Hero. Strange that she should b« carrying a basket at that hour. Larkin seemed to think it good fun. He chuckled, rubbed his hands, and muttered between his teeth :— "Ah, ha! Twenty-four hours more and we shall see—we shall see." As the first streak of dawn showed in the eastern sky Larkin reached the house of the village constable. Ten minutes later that functionary took a couple of cypher telegrams to the post-office. One was addressed to Scotland Yard, the other to t he Colonel of the —th Dragoons. When Mrs. Luke's household awoke Larkiu was already milking his cows. He was certainly a very industrious fellow. Snow, rain, hail. To-day was worse than yesterday. Mrs. Luke was ill. so did not visit her daily : but Larkin whistled cheerfully over his work. At -1 o'clock, however- lie began to feel weary, and sitting down on a milking-stool declared himself "all of a shiver."' The kind-hearted maid gave him his tea. and he look himself off to liis loft for a night's rest. The autumn twilight bad deepened into j I | night, but the moon would not be up till between 10 and 11 o'clock. It was a darkness that might almost to be felt. The villagers were all in bed. Babies were still in their first sleep, cocks and hens snugly roosting. Not a dog barked. Only the village policeman, listening closely, could distinguish a muffled tramp on the neighboring high road and chuckled softly to , ram. Hateful to most waning blessing to two people ;ht in the barn of the mble-down farm, since it ;e to light a fire, a luxury te. of the hissing pine logs played 011 the faces and two sitting so close to the .11 with his head resting 011 der, his right arm round her hand clasping her right, r words— rsuit is over, Joe. Folks talk of tore. Next week we can escape. cross to the canal by night, and our way to Brummagem, and get from there to Liverpool by train. Fll be there first, and have the berths ready, and th'old country need see us no more." "Aye, Bess' Ye don't fear to trustyerseli to me. I swear I meant 110 hurt: but when he miscalled ye, and snatched at the weapon, I lost my head and fired. "Twasn't till lie fell at the second shot that 1 knew what I was doing." "Trust ye, Joe? I'd rather die at ycr hand than "live the love of ere another man. I love ye—I love ye—lad, and I'll tramp it at yer heels, an' if there be no other way. They shall never take ye while Bess lives to give her life for ye." " Hush," whispered her lover. " What's that?* Both listened, holding their breath. " I hear n&ught; but the pelt ©' the storm, and the swirl <r the trees,' Bess whispered back presently. "\es, of course no one will come nigli the haunted house on such a night at this, yet I'm nervous, lass. It seemed to me lastnight when the old mother forgave me and held me to her heart-, as if the pine trees mocked at her words, and whispered a farewell for us both. I feel almost- as if my last hour had come, and I couldn't bear to think o" leaving you to another fellow, Bess." " I'd die" first, >11 ye," she cxclaimcd almost fiercely. A tremendous blow on the door at that moment broke both it and their speech in two Man and woman leaped to their feet, and faced the entrance. Then stood the corporal's guard, 011c trooper carrying a pair of handcuffs on the muzzle of a carbine. I11 the background were the helmets and glistening buttons of police constables. Among these, in a thick overcoat, buttoned closely to bis chin, Bess's quick eye detected the dairyman Larkin. " Traitor," she exclaimed, " and spy." *' In the Queen's name, Joseph Luke, surrender." It was the corporal who spoke. He held a warrant in his hand, and advanced one step into the room. It was his first aud his last. A report- rang out in the night air, and he fell shot through the heart. As the smoke dis|)ei-sed, onp of the troopers stood with carbine levelled iu act- to fire. Bess threw herself between her and her lover. "Cowards."' her voice rang out. "Dare to shoot an innocent woman. Joe, run. The loft." Joe set his teeth and stood at bay. Ere th« echoes of her voice had died away both troopers fired, and Bess, with arms outstretched to ward otf danger from the man she loved, fell, dying at his feel: " Men, surround him. Escape is im- |>ossibIe," cried the sergeant of police, rushing iu. The fugitive shot again, and the sergeant replied. Joe fell by the side of his gipsy lass. As he fell he clasped her close, and diet! pressing his lips to hers. As Mrs. Luke survived but a short time, and Hero could not speak, what they knew WJIS never told. Messrs. Castieu and Co.'s Livery Stables, Wellington Street 