SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION. ffBAOHERS' ANNUAL CONFERENCE The teachers' annual conference in, connection with the Queensland Sunday School Union was held on Saturday in the Wharf - street Congregational Church. The president of the union, the Rev. W. Whale, occupied the chair. The attendance was fair, and the absence of a large number was attributed in a degree to the holding of the W.C T.U. children's meeting on the same afternoon. After an opening hymn and prayer, The Chairman said he regretted the postponement of the conference from Good Friday, and they seemed to have met with the usual fate of postponed meetings. By holding the meeting on that day, they were coming into some little competition with the meeting for young people under the auspices of the W.C.T.U. That was, however, without any previous knowledge on their part. The union of the Sunday schools had furthered the study of the Divine Word in the colony a great deal, as the success of the examinations and competitions showed. They had in the colonies perhaps more difficulty than in the old country in connection with the work of the Sunday school owing to the training the young people get and to climatic influences, which hampered all J indoor enterprises. One of the dirty- ' culties that had to be encountered was to retain the young people much longer in the schools than appeared to be the case. In many parts of England people never seemed to leave the Sunday schools. Home Study. The Rev. Dr. Frackelton, speaking on the subject of " Home Study of Scripture Lesson? for Children," asked why was there not more home study of the Bible than there was V One reason was because there were so many occur ingly more attractive works brought into the homes, and another was that the elders, remembering the severe manner in which in their youth they had been called on to study the Bible, were inclined to be less strict in insisting on the study by their children. Again, patents were inclined to consider that the Sunday school teachers would look after the teaching of the children, and that they need not attend to the matter themselves. He pointed out how the Bible could be studied effectively, and how, without a system, its study would he ineffective in impressing on the minds of the students the beauties of religion. a He mentioned aids to Biblical study, but urged that they should not depend solely on those aids in teaching. Mr. W. J. Scott, in opening the discussion, said that the teachers had, to undertake very largely the religious education of the children often the children of Church members. One great thing the teachers should do was to encourage the children to take an interest in the work by leading them to study the Bible at home. The reports from the States showed that there had been no falling away from the spiritual results by inducing the scholars to undertake their studies at home. That gave the Welter more time to apply the lessons when on Sundays the child- offer came with) a general knowledge of the lesson, "Every teacher should give a fire scholars ' some plan which would enable them to study during the week the lesson for the following Sunday. Teachers might devise some method, too, to distinguish between idle and studious scholars with good results. Mr. T. Jones said if they wished to interest the children in their work let them see that their efforts were being continually noticed, and let the teacher be prepared with answers on all sorts of little side issues and for all questions a What might arise. Mr. It. Bulcock urged that often teachers' needed all the help possible in preparing for their work, and he had found it necessary to know some thing of the manners and history of the time to which the Bible referred in educating his scholars. Privileges and Responsibilities. The Rev. W. Brown, speaking on the A privilege and responsibility of Sunday school teachers, said the latter was at a once recognised, but the teacher was also privileged. The present-day teacher had, too, a privilege over those of past times in the matter of aids to the work to be undertaken. The work of teach- ] tog offered a peculiar sphere for the operation of the Spirit ; but they should not expect the Holy Ghost to offer a premium for laziness by doing that which they could do for themselves. "The Sunday school teacher had a very Wet. privilege in being enabled to do I work which led souls to Christ, and though they might often despair of doing much, a great deal would be found to have been done which enabled the children to lead the lives of Christian people hereafter. Every privilege brought with it a responsibility, and the chief element of responsibility in rela- tion to the truths taught was to be faithful to the revealed truths of religion. Another responsibility was that of learning the truths they proposed to teach, and the preparing of those truths in palatable form to lay before their classes. Regularity and punctuality in attendance was also necessary, and, above all, let them be able to say to their scholars not, " Do as I say," only, but also " Do as I do. -in' u Mr. D. M'Nab, In opening the discussion, said it was most important for teachers to get hold of a true understanding of the truths they had to teach. When the teachers realised their privilege, and felt their responsibility, they would do their work better. A sore point with superintendents was the irregularity of some teachers' attendance. Through the means of scholars, Sunday school teachers had often an open door for extending their good influences in the homes. Church, and School. " The Rev. I. Castlehow spoke on the relation between Church and Sabbath school. He defined that relation as one of mutual obligation. The Church was bound in duty to do certain things for the school. At one time the Church repudiated the responsibility in its en- tirely, and though since great progress had been made in theory they were still a long way behind what they acknowledged was the right thing to do. They ought to do their utmost to provide for the scholars convenient and pleasant material surroundings?,; - but this was done in but few cases. The work of teaching was too often left to the young or inexperienced, or to the ill informed or ignorant, whereas it should be undertaken by the best and most intelligent workers. The school ought to be a great help to the Church. The teachers should impress on the children that their destiny on earth was that of Church members, and not that they should wander away till brought back to the Church by some special evangeli- cal effort. The children ought to be protected from irreverence to religious things, and particularly from irreverence to religious leaders. If they did not respect the leaders they would not re- spect the cause. In this country the evil of irreverence had more to be guarded against than in older countries. Mr. Mercer felt that there was a want of interest taken in the schools by the ministers in many cases in the colony, which he had not noticed elsewhere. No doubt model schoolrooms and educated teachers were advisable, but if they could not be obtained they had to put up with the best they had, and they ought always interest themselves in the teachers. - The Rev. W. Brown believed in having model Sunday schools wherever practicable in which to do the work, though even on occasion good work might be obtained in the most dingy surroundings. Mr. R. Bulcock urged the necessity of having the best and most convenient schools. Many of the most intelligent members of the churches did not in terms themselves as they should in Sunday school teaching. Moulding of character was the principal thing to be considered in the schools. Other useful discussion followed. 