LAST NIGHT'S MHJSEIEKITS : Stage Gossip. HER ? MAJESTY'S—' TWO LITTLE VAGABONDS.' ' The Firm '' in their latest production have struck out in a new lino. The ' Two Little Vagabonds.' which had its local premiere last night, iB billed as *'a powerful and emo tional drama'' in five acts, by G. R. Sims and Arthur Slurley. Perhaps it ini^lit more ap propriately bo styled a melodrama, it con tains more than a couple of improbabilities, aud several, of its situations — particularly the escape from tho gaffers' garret of George Thorn ton and his vagabond sou — are sensational. Throughout there is a sympathetic thread which absorbs the interest of tho audience, and tho production as a whole must bo con sidered a formidable rival to the tearful ' East Lynne.' Coining, therefore, as it doeB immediately after the musical-comedy season, it should, on the strength of contrast, have a most successful run. The audiouue which witnessed last night's performance — an audionao which uncomfortably crammed fcho theatre in all parts — unreservedly stamped it with the hall mark of approval, and calls before tbe curtain ocourred at thoend of each act. The production, as may readily be gathered from the title, depends almost entirely upon the two littlo vagabonds. Briefly told, how ever, the story is this: George Thornton (Mr. George Tifcheradge) is a ? married man, is a good deal away from home, and though he and his wifo Mariou (Miss Eineiie Hughes) are passionately attached, the husband is exceed ingly jealous. They have a little boy, to whom both are devoted. While Thornton is away seeking fortune his sister Barbara (Mrs. Maes more Morris) has made tho fatal mistake of getting ou with tho oid love before she is oil with the new, tho new one being her husband, John Searth (Mr. Walter Raynhain). Marion goes to seo her sisterin law's old lovo,.Capt. Darville (Mr. J. Patteu), and persuades him to cease his attentions to Barbara, and also to promise to return the incriminating letters which he holds. All this is comfortably arranged, but of course something must occur to interrupt such smoothness, otherwise the production would be as empty as the speech of tho average Member ol Parliament. Tbo letters go astray, and fall into tho hands of thieves. Marion 18 unfortunate enough to tell a few untruths, and Thornton's jealousy prompts him to sus pect'herof unfaithfulness, and trouble arrives. During the absence of his wife Thornton gives the child to a thief, who was in the act of ' cracking a crib,' and it is to this highly respected member of society that the child is apprenticed. Separation of husband and wife consequently follows. The child is brought up by his new master as a thief, aud he has as his associate a consumptive son of his master. Together for years they go through the world plying their calling uutil the mystery of the letters is cleared up. The parents seek their long- lost child, and, of course, matters end happily. Tbe production does uot lose anything in its representation. Iu fact it is interpreted by a compauy which, for strength, it would perhaps be impossible to improve upon. Mr. George Titheradge met with a demonstrative recep tion on making his re-appearance. The part of Thornton is one which suits him admirably, and he cortainly makes the most of it. Miss Emelie Hughes, aa his wife, also does admirable work, and together they are a tower of strength. The meeting at the church, iu the second act, ! where Thornton implores his wifo to return to him, but is repulsed until he can find the lost child, was exceedingly sympathetic and effective without being overdone. The two little vagabonds are represented by Miss Florence Terriss (as the consumptive) and Miss Lilly Tit-heradge. Both ladies worked very hard and successfully, though occasion ally MissTitheradge's voice was rather against the complete success of her characterisation. Mr. J. W. Sweeney had a congenial part as the thieving aud drunken Hill Mullins, alias the gaifec, and he made the most of it, while as his associates, Messrs. Howard Vernon and Percy Clifton, were both excellent. The remaining characters were all most creditably sustained. « » ? LYCEUM— ' FALLEN AMONGST , THIEVES.' Last night there was a change of bill at the Lyceumlwhen Frank Harvey's live-act drama, 'Fallen Amongst Thieve3,' preceded by cine matograph pictures illustrating a few notable incidents in the Jubilee festivities, attracted an exceedingly large audience, and one seemingly well pleased. In ' Fallen Amongst Thieves' Mr. Harvey has adhered to good old traditional meloaramatio lines, for the oast of character includes the youusr hero in the person of Dr. John Lang ton; the pretty and much ill-used heroine, blester Hawthorne ; the villain, one Roderick Masweil ; aud the adventuress, La Belle Cerise. Briefly put, Hester Hawthorne, a farmer's daughter, is beloved by John Lang ton, a hospital doctor, but infatuated with Maxwell she leaves her home and runs amiy with him. Hester, when too late, discovers the true nature of the place to where Maxwell has taken her — a gambling saloon, the chief of the birds of prey therein being Maxwell, with La Belie Cerise as his alluring decoy. Here wo are introduced to one of Lhe strongest scenes iu the play. Strange as it may appear, La Belle Cerise turns out to be the wife — they had parted many years before — of the old Kentish farmer, aud consequently the mother of Hester. Finding this out she helps Hester to escape just as the den is raided by the police. After various trials aud troubles,' owing to the constant cropping up of Maxwell, all ouds happily, with a recon ciliation all round at Mulberry Farm. There is the customary leaveu of comedy supplied by the farmer's sister Lucretia, a prim old party ; Daniel Hodge, the farmer's boy j Jack Towlor, a Bailor; and Peggy Priun'ose, the pert aud pretty farm servant. The interpretation 11 quite tip to require ments. Mr. Alfred Woods makes a good looking and pleasant hero, aud speaks his lineB clearly aud well. Aliss Williamson scores heavily as the adventuress — she won the honors of the evening. Mr. King Hedley, but for being a trifle indistinct at times, played with force and pathos as tbe old farmer; Miss Minnie Brandon looked an attractive heroine, but lacked powor in some scenes, whilst, like Mr. Hedley at times, Bhe became hardly audibio; Mr. Foley aud Mr. Shine were amusing, although the latter somewhat ovordid tho comedy, aud Miss Barrow also deserves a good word. Miss Ethel Groy as the old housekeeper, and Mr. Boolibmau, a conventional villain, mnst also not be overlooked. The piece, which was well staged, will be played till further notioe. O -3 CRITERION— BIOGRAPH COMPANY. That the Biograph Company has not lost any of its popularity was very apparent from the hearty reception which it was accorded last night when it made a welcome re appearance. Mr. Philip Newbury made his first appearance with the combination, and he was most flatteringly received. The tenor was in excellent voice, and sang a couple of solos in his own artistio fashion. Another feature of the entertain ment was the debnt of Miss Alice Simmons. The new-comer in a soprano with a voice of unusual range, and though perceptibly nervous she immediately established herself in popular favor. Perhaps the most successful of her contributions waef ' D6ar Heart,' which was rendered most acceptably. The biograph pictures inoluded tbo jubilee set aud the naval review at Spithead, together with tho most popular of those recently exhibited at the Palace. The other artists who assisted, aud they all mot with considerable succeBB, were Miss Fanny Weutworlh, Professor Morritt, and Miss Lilliau Morritt, Master Arthur Sherwin, Mr. Hugh J. Emmett, aud Mr. Sid. Deane. There will be a matinee on Wednesday afternoon. ? e * TIVOLI.— VARIETY COMPANY. The chief attraction last night was the first appearance at this house of Miss Lilian Tree. The prima donna, who was in excellent voice, was accorded a most flattering reception. Her opening contribution was the rather thread bare but popular item, 'The Song that Reaohed my Heart.' The artist did the number every justice, and perhaps a bit more. It is to be regrettod that the selection did not afford more scope for her wonderful voice. In response to an imperative encore, tho singer added 'The Last Rose of Summer,' which also met with great appreciation. Tho Wnldrons continue their opening turn, whiob, however, has not lost any of its popularity, and the same remark will apply to the clover work on tho horizontal bars by the Avolos. Mr. Tom Woottwell contributed soveral comic numbers, which, as usual, were rapturously received. The Cinematograph remains a great feature, the representa tion of Amberite winning the Caulfield Cup arousing much enthusiasm. Among the other artists who contributed most successfully to a very strong bill were Mr. Frank Yorke (who made his re-appearanee), Mr. Frank Leon and little Alma Gray. 9 o o PALACE -A BUNCH OF KEYSi The final performance of the Hoyt's musical farcical comedy took place last night in the presence of a fair house. The theatre will remain closed during the week to allow of the preparation of ' Dreams, or Biuka the Photographer,' which will receive its Aus tralian premiere on Saturday night. The company which has been engaged to assist in its preparation is a very strong one. The principal characters will be sustained by Mr. George Lauri aud Miss Addie Conyers. o # e THE ROYAL. The Rignold seaRon having concluded earlier than was anticipated, the Theatre Royal will probably remain closed until tho return of the Pollard Company. » ? a FINAL APPEARANCE OF THE HAMBOUKGS. For the benefit of the Consumptive Hospital fund, those talented musicians, Messrs. Mark and Jakoff Hambourg and Mr. Jno. Lemmone, have consented to make a final appearance at the Town Hall, Sydney, on Friday. November 5 next. The oommittee of the fund are to bo congratulated upon having procured such stars, and the latter aro both so famous and so popular that there is little doubt the Town Hall will be filled and overflowing on the de serving ocoasion. The box plan will be open at Paling's next Wednesday, and seats will need to be procured early. ? o « THE RIGNOLD COMPANY. Mr. George Rignold brought his brief soason at the Royal to a close on Friday night, and the company opened at Newcastle last night for five performances. The company will leave for Townsville by tbo Tyrian, and will open there on November 16. after which it will visit Charters Towers, workiucr thence to Brisbane, whore it will open at the Opera House on Boxing Night. Tho repertory is a vary strong one, and will consist of all the most popular pieces. e o o OTHER SHOWS. Royal Standabd Theatke. — The Henry Dramatio Company last night revived ' Never Too Late to Mand,' in the presenoe of a good house. The principal characters were sus tained by Miss Billio H'owarde, and Messrs. H. N. Douglas and S. Poole. The same bill will form the attraction to-morrow and on Tuesday evenings. Cscloraka. — 'The Cyclorama continues to attract large numbers anxious to witness the j clever picture of anoient Jerusalem. The Daphne illusion, which has lately been added, is also proving a decided draw. ! Coogee. — Mr. William Larmour, with characteristic enterprise, has arranged an excellent programme for Coo^ee patrons to-day. Tho bill will be contributed to by a number of well-known variety artists. Bondi. — The management of the Aquarinm announce the usual attractions for to day, and no doubt they will bo sufficient to draw a large atteudauce. ? 9 * Mr. Bland Holt inaugurated his Christ church season last night. The Veriscope is touring tho Victorian provinces. An Adelaide season follows. The Grattan Riggs Company will commence a week's season at Newcastle on November 1. Mr. Walter Bentley, according to a Bris bane paper, will stand for Parliament next eleotiou. Professor Bristol commenced a Melbourne season with his Equescurriculum at the Bijou laBt night. Madame Amy Sherwin's Concert Company has drawn excellent houses to tho Brisbane Centennial Hall during the weok. The production of 'Fun on tbe Bristol'' by tho Wm. Cosgrove Company is the present week's attraction at the Melbourne Cam bridge. Mr. Robert Henry will be tendered a picnic to-day by the members of his dramatio com pany to celebrate his first managerial anni versary. The tent in whioh the Flying Jordans are touring Maorilaud holds 2000 people. During tho Auckland season just olosed it was filled every night. Mr. Joe Tolano has been re-engaged by Mr. George Rignold for bis tour, whioh commenced at Newcastle last night. Mr. Tolano will appear in all his old parts. Miss Florence Schmidt will give the first of her series of farewell concerts at the Town Hall on Saturday night. Tho soprano will be assisted by a number of well-known artists. Miss Bessie Doyle, who is appearing in London under a new and rather namby-pamby name she has taken uuto herself. Aileen O'Moore. will, according to a Victorian journal, fiddle a . season in Melbourne some where about next Maroh. Mr. Frauk Hawthorne has concluded his engagement with Mr. George Rignold, with whom he has been associated for tho past fifteen months. During that time Mr. Haw thorne played the leading light and eecentric comedy parts. A Maorilaud paper is responsible for the statement that Auckland is full of ' im pecunious professional actors.'1 Sydney at presant also has its Poverty Point well patronised. Mr. Fred Kaye, who scored a big success wheu here with the last Loudon Gaiety Com pany, is appearing as Don Pedro in La Periohole at the London Garriok. He is described as being quaintly comioal and drily droll. At the Melbourne Princess's last night the Knight-Ferrar combination entered upon its last week. It will lie succeeded on Saturday night by tbe musical oomedy company in ' The Gay Parisieniio.' Mr. Scot Inglis has landed on his feet in New York. He has been engaged for a six months' tour by Miss Julia Arthur, during whioh time he will appear at Wallach's Theatre, New York, for six weeks. The clever young actor Bhould give a good account of himself. The bill presented to patronB of the Mel bourne Opera House last night was a very strong one. Among the contributors were Athas and Collins, the Selbinis, the Haytors, J. W. Wintou, aud Cbas. W. Cogill, who made his reappearance. Miss Pattie Browne is appearing in ' The White Heather,'' the latest attraction at Drury Lane. The little comedieune, accord ing to a correspondent, looks ' too delioiously charming iu bloomerB.' The PreBB Bpeaks very highly of her performance. The Inman Dramatio Company, after its prosenfc Maoriland tour, goes to Northern Queensland. Tho Maggie Moore-Harry Roberts combina tion produced 'Johanna' at the Melbourne Royal last night. Tho Poul ton-Stanley oompany left for Maori land ou W ednesday, and will open at Auckland to-morrow night. The Hambourgs' gave the first of their series of farewell concerts at the Melbourne Town Hall lost night. Professor Norton B. Smith concluded hia season of horse training on Wednesday night, wheu he was benefited. At the Melbourne Alexandra last night ' A Fatal Tune,' billed as an ' exciting drama,' was produced for the first time. Madame Eleonora Duse, the famous Italian actress, was born in a railway carriage of a train running from Padua to Venice. MiBS Jennie Lee has a daughter playing a page in the Loudon Lyceum production of ' Hamlet.' It was upon the same stage that Miss Lee herself made her first success as a crossing-sweeper in ' Little Faust.' The 200th performance of 'La Poupee,'' to be produced hero early next year, was cele brated at the London Prince of Wales' prior to the departure of the last mail. Mr. Fred Storoy now appears in tho opora, and is said to contribute some quaint aud curious dances. The Harry Cogill Variety Company has re turned to Melbourne after a most successful provincial tour. The compauy will be re organised prior to again starting out. The Inman Dramatio Company concluded itB Wellington (N.Z.) season on Friday night with the production of 'East Lynne.' During tho week the bill was changed nightly. The latest addition to tho Rignold Company is MiBB Agnes Brookes, a pupil of Mr. Rig nold, and a young lady whom the actor manager says shows great promise. Miss Brookes will accompany the combination on its Northern tour. Miss Ada Juneen's English Comedy and Burlesque Company has returned to Melbourne after a Tasmanian tour. Mi3S Juneen writ«s to say she has taken the Melbourne Bijou for tho Xmas season, when she will produce Robinson Crusoe.' Mr. J. C. Williamson prefers noting to niauaging. ' I should be only too glad to go back to the boards,' he says, ' for though I had plenty of hard work to do while there, I have many very pleasant associations to look back upon.' Mr. Williamson claims to have ' starred ' in every important English speaking city in tbo world. The China, whioh leaves on Wednesday has a large theatrical passoneer list. In addition to Mr. and Mrs. Harry Rickards, who go to Melbourne, the mail boat will take to London Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Dampier and family, Mr. Alfred Rolfo and wife (Miss Lily Dampier), Mr. Ernest Shand, Miss Ada Willonghby, and Allau and Hart. Mr. Joe Rayuor, who will be remembered by old playgoers, and who is now in his 82nd year, is in destitute circumstances, and it is the intention of his friends to tender him a benefit at an early date. Mr. Raynor was at ono time a very popular actor, and later on managed tho old Victoria, Prince of Wales and Queou's Thoatres. Mr. James Morgan, the advance of the Ada Delroy Company, writes from Albany to say that during the company's Westralian season it will visit Perth, Fremantle, Coolgardie, and Kalgoorlio. Hence it will go on to India, where it will open at Bombay on December 1, with all India to follow, after which South Africa and England. Miss Delroy will return to Australia iu a couple of years with fresh attractions. The tour throughout Australia has beeu a most successful one. Mr. Frank Haytor, of the Haytor combina tion, writing from the Melbourne Opora House, states that after appearing at Adelaide iu conjunction with the Selbinis and the Allisons they will return to the Opora House prior to coming over to the Palace panto. Their ? original contract with Mr. Rickards would have finished at tbe conclusion of the Adelaide season, but having signed ou for another six montliB they will remain here uutil May of next year. Mr. Charles Cartwright is appearing in tho new Adelphi drama, ' Iu the Days of the Duke,' by Haddou Chambers and Comyns Carr. Speaking of his performance tho Pelican says : — ' Mr. Charles Cartwright, he of suppressed force ronown, is uncommonly powerful, albeit more than ever forcibly sup pressed. He Bays the mo3t ordinary things with a fervor that shakes him, and, wheu he is given lines of power, tho actor trembles like au over-wronght steam-eugine, and you oanuot but think that the roof of his head must fly off. But it does not. And all is well.' Miss Carrie Moore, of the Musical Comedy Company, whioh concludod its season at Her Majesty's on Friday night, is perhaps one of the most promising young actresses at present on tho Australian stage. During the season she temporarily replaced both Miss Ada Willoughby and Miss Alice Leamar in ' The Gay Parisienne,' aud though tho two charac ters were entirely distinct, she gave an excel lent account of herself iu each. Miss Moore is only fifteen, and therefore should have a good career before her. # # 8 AN ACTRESS SOLD BY AUCTION. Wheu negotiations were pending the other day for th« engagement for two nights of Madame Rejane at the German Royal Theatre, tha actress was found to be in reqnest for tho same nights at Copenhagen says tbe Loudon Stage. Those interested in the transaction suggosted that an auction should bo held. This was duly carried out, and it was the Copeuhagon direotor who carried the day, the actress being, so to speak, knooked dowu at .£324 a performance. * « * NOTHING BUT THE GHOST. A Japaneso actor named Danjuro is known as ' thu Irving of Japan.' Ho is stated t.o be so versatile that he plays priest and soldier, acrobat and tutor, emperor and clown, with equal skill ; while in womeu parts ho excels. Danjuro, it appears, has tried to introduce ' Hamlet ' to the stage in a Japanese version ; but, according .to report, the audiences saw ' nothing in it but the Ghost,' # ? ? THE APPLAUDING NUISANCE. The theatre hat qnestion has long been argued and wrangled over by playgoers, but the applause — loud, ridiculously exaggerated, and pleasure- spoiliug applause — that some fools help to swell is quits as worthy an object for reformation as ths big hat (says Punch). Wo sat next to a countryman the other night at a place of .amusement. Ho was pleased. He wet his hauds unuousciously and prepared to bring them together; just in the nick of time wo got onr fingers iu our ears, but eTen then tho noiso made by that couulryman's meeting hands was as to the roar of Waterloo at the Princess's. And this expressed joy I l'he country malo was pleased, and to show how pleased he was spoiled other people's pleasure by creating a most unearthly row. Applause in moderation is good to listen to, but when exaggerated it spoils many mum mers' speeches and Lop notes. Some people turn up their uose at the 'up alofter's' mouth noises, but they aren't any worse tban the baud applause, aud after all are more natural. m * » NOVEL ADVERTISING DODGE. , The means resorted to by theatrical managers for tbe purpose of advertising their produc tions are many and varied, but one recently adopted by an' American manager would be. hard iudeed to beat. It consists of sending cheques to thousands of theatregoers, filled in for au amount considered, on the basis of a flattering income computation, sufficient to pay for two minutes of tho recipient's time. Tbe chuques arn perfectly good, and the letters accompanying them read as follows : — Dear Sir, — Assuming that your income is fifteen thousand dollars (15,l)n0dal) a year, and that you appreciate tlio fnct that 'time is money,' we enclosi? onr I'.hpqnn for four f.04- in povinpnt t or two minutes of your tlmo, at that rate, to he employed in carefully rending a brief aud honest statemout of a few of the many original, now and novel, apulauae-winning features to he found iu tho new three-act musical farce to ba prodnood for the first time in New York on Monday evening.' Then follow some extremely complimentary remarks about the piece.- Tho do'dge is stated to work very successfully. There is little probability of itB adoption hero, howover. o o A NATURAL HAMLET. Mr. Forbes Robertson has apparently scored one of the biggest successes known in Lou dou for a very considerable time by his ponr tri^yal of Hamlet at tbe Lyceum. The Press universally eulogises his performance. One reliable journal thus relieves itself: — Providoaco has done much to help Mr. Forhos Robertson to be au ideal Hamlot. There is tho etrikinir face, tho romantic manner, the cultured and skilled gesture, and, _ilna.ll y, the magnificent voice, the finest heard on the English staje in our time. Then there are to back these natural at tributes, the yeai-3 of -study iu that best of schools, tho Lycouui Theatre, the great dramatic ability, tbe culture of the actor, tho reverence with which you feel he troats his task. Yon are assured of ono thiug, too, about tho latest Hamlet — a very vital thing — that he is a gentleman to his finger-tips. And one has known many a good acting Hamlet who never seemed that. Mrs. Patrick Campbell's Ophelia is also very highly spoken of. o o o MR. RIGNOLD AND THE CRITIC. One night when Mr. George Rignold was acting at a now extinct theatre in England he was intensely irritated by a member of tho audience who was afflicted with a hacking cough. At last, uuable to bear the constant interruptions any longer, Mr. Rignold advanced to the footlights and delivered him | self thus : — ' Ladies and gentlemen, I am very | sorry, but it is impossible for me to not until ! that amiable old gentleman ceases to cough or t obtains a lozenge. Either he must stop j coughing or I must cease to act. We can't I both be ou in ono scene.' Tho coughing ceased. Tbe 'amiable old gentleman ' — who is not living — was the critic of the Times. : His name was Mr. John Oxeuford, and, as a j matter of fact, Mr. Rignold had implored him to como to witness his performance. Mr. Oxeuford got out of a sick bed to do so. 0 *- o A 'TRILBY' INVENTION. An American lady is stated to have invented a means of protecting the feet of her box from tho trampling of moil as thoy go out and in between the acts. It consists of an iron eas-J, linod with folt, to bo clampod to the floor in front of tho Beats. The top of tho case is rounded, so that nobody can be tripped up by it. When a man rises to leave the theatre the women in bis row have simply to slip tbeir feet into these cases, aud they aro safe ; tho man can work his way forth and back without hurting them in the least. 