Dramatic Gossip. PARLIAMENTARY COMEDY COMPANY. A well-informed Hobartonian writes as follows :— I learn that we are to be treated to a re- vival of Christy Minstrelsy at an early date, and that a strong company is already in active rehearsal. The company will be run upon co-operative lines, and the proceeds will be devoted to a charitable object, viz., the augmentation of " members " salaries, the various vocalists being culled from both Houses of the Legislature. Mr Dan. Burke will act as interlocutor, and the corner men —four all told—will be Messrs. Bird and Woollnough, Sir P. O. Fysh and A. R. Fow- ler. The programme has not yet been defi- nitely arranged, but the following members, I am told, aTe certain to find places in it. Mr N. J. Brown is to open the show with that favorite ballad " The old arm chair," and appropriately enough the sergeant-at- arms will follow with a highland fling. Mr Bird contributes " Driven from home," and " Sitting on the stile." Mr Gilmore will render that solo from the Girode commencing with the words " And that is what of me they say "; and Mr Cameron will contribute " The wearing of the green." Mr Bradley promised " The old log (Tasmanian black- wood) cabin in the lane," and Campbell Town Brown is down for a pathetic rccitation the " The babe in the wood." Leatham will do justice to " Little Brown Jug," and Neil Lewis will tell a ghost story. Mr Hartnoll is to describe in verse " How I wiped out the butchers," and Hon. C. H. Grant will chip in with '' Riding on a street tram car." Captains Miles and Evans are ready at any moment with " Larbord watch." Mr Dobson hasn't yet made up his mind what he will contribute, but it will certainly be pathetic and lengthy, whilst Mr Von Steiglitz gives " The blue Alsatian mountains." Mr Pillinger's item will be a satire, locally prepared, on " The great convention show," and Charlie Hall is billed for " The miner's right," specially prepared for him by Harris, of Burnie. Mr Urquhart contributes a hymn, and Mr Fow- ler will chuckle " A bachelor's lament." Sir P. O. Fysh is to sing " The good-bye at the door," and John Henry " I fear no foe.' 'Mr Archer will explain the mysteries of " The quota," and Mr Murray is to give " Down by the deep, sad sea. Mr Page has a comicality in hand, but it is written in the Indian lan- guage, and the translation is not complete. Ringarooma Mac. is down for " The bashful man, and Launceston's new member for " The village blacksmith." Mr M. J. Clarke has a speciality in hand, but he won't say whether it is comedy or tragedy ; all the in- formation he is inclined to give is that Evandale is the scene of the plot, so whether it is fire or riot remains to be seen. A. I. Clark is to render " Weary," and Mr Alf Crisp a variation on the fiddle, whilst John Hamilton will whistle. I will let you know when any other arrangements are made, but at present all I can add is that Freeny will sing " There is no luck about the House." 