LESNA, the Gladiator's champion, is said to have a retainer of jElOOO^vj^f. , }On paper ? " ST. ALBANS Y^I^&NISMI;/FFIFI j£»2,000 clear by he lottery of his «vpll-known Geelon^f "W estate. GOSSIPS CREDIT^C :Jud^CW«ideyer with having hankering for th^JJ.S.W. Agent-Generalship THE Queensland Government is now known as the Nelsomaniac Gang. The Q. National Bank business is accountable for that sticky phrase. BARNES, the chess champion of New Zealand, is a dwarf and hunchbiicked. He has held a foremost position in every N.Z. champion chess contest since 1890. Swiss GUIDE ZUEBRIGKSEN, who recently compassed the extremely difficult ascent of Aconcagua (24,000ft.), in South .America, is a swell sort of guide, anyhow. He runs a valet. CAPTAIN STEWART, commander of the .£5000" plundered Ocmna, is the tallest officer in the P and O. service. He stands 6ft. 2in. in his socks^ and is framed in agreeable proportion. N.S.W. ATTOENEY-GENERAL WANT is a bitter opponent of Federation, yet it is whispered that Premier Eeid will select liini as the third Ministerial candidate for the Convention election. JUDGE HOOD is the hard, sharp worker of the Victorian Pencil. He gets through liislbusiness with amazing rapidity, and bis methods are quite a cheerful contrast to those of some other judges. S.A. CHIEF JUSTICE WAY'S father was the pioneering minister of the Bible Christian denomination in that province. " Sammy " Way, by-theway, is one of the most successful stock raisers in South Australia. Q. ATTORNEY-GENERAL BYENE'S anti-gambling crusade was inspired by Premier Nelson, who of late, has turned more than ordinarily religious and now looks with a scornful eye on "all thina-s 6 evil." A MAORILAND parson has struck a new line in the way of strikes. He was a defeated candidate at the recent genera} election, and in a red-hot sermon he told his congregation that as they didn t support bun he would not preach for them any more. Evidently that sky-pilot's main eye is J not on heaven. LADY WINDEYER shortly trips to London to join her husband, so there seems every foundation f or the statement that Sir William intends to exile himself from the country where Ms nameis such a by-word. Australia can well spare Windeyer to England. RONALD SMITH, one of the new members for Launceston in the Tas. Assembly, is a serious young man with a turn for serious verse. If he has to second the address-in-reply it is odds on him delivering his speech in the shape of a poem to the trampled worker. EBNEST FAVENC, the well-known Australian litterateur within sight of death's door, lias had a varied career exploring and in other adventurous occupations in the back country of thi? continent. Mr. Favenc is a fine figure of a man, standing well over six feet, and handily built. GOVERNOR BEASSEY so far has had one fearful shock in New Zealand. When he strolled down Invercargill's main street, he plumped right against a constable the dead image of himself. He Ex. was thunderstruck, and the story g<tes that he quietly shifted himself from Invercargill. THERE must be a deal of money in the Anglo- Australian shipping business when a P. ahd 0. steamer fairly full of passengers and freight makes a profit of nearly .£30,000 on the round voyage. The mail subsidy is a big help.. So the little loss of that JE'5000 won't make much of a hole in the Oceana's profits. Q. GOVERNOR LAMINGTON is the fortunate jiossessor of a family ghost, known at his English country residence as "The Headed Knight." When Lamington's awake, which isn't too often, he regales his friends with anecdotes of the'ghost. —about the only interesting topic of conversation he has. W.A. PREMIER FORREST is known in the West as "The Promiser." A 'tothersider reckons, to carry out all the works Forrest has promised to negotiate, would mean an expenditure of .£12,000,000. Sir John doesn't like to be unnecessarily 1-othered, hence his readiness in promising all kinds of things for future consideration. FOUR originals of the famous Broken Hill Proprietary mine were Messrs. Charles Rasp, a stationhand, Poole and James, contractors, and George M'Culloch, manager of Mt. Gipps run. At least three of them reaped the benefit of Rasp's discovery. He and James, well-known in racing circles, reside in Adelaide. GEORGE THORNTON, the New South Wales M.L.C., styled "the father of aquatics," has followed yachting for over sixty years, owning a yacht that won at a Sydney regatta of 1839. Apropos of Thornton, the late " Jack " Robertson was wont to remark that he " believed that boy Thornton was sitting on a rock at Botany the day Captain Cook arrived/' CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES TAYLOR, in the W.A. Assembly, is lecturing in England on the agricultural resources of that province. Premier Forrest appears anxious to induce the British yokel to start farming in the sandy wastes of W.A., hut the prospects of his wish being gratified are not too cheerful. MAORILAND GOVERNOR GLASGOW reminiscing over his school days the other week remarked, "The only school I attended was a day school, the Edinburgh Academy, to which I used to go at 8.30 in the morning, with a penny in my pocket for lunch." Glasgow lias never got over that education in pan-itch thrift—according to Wellington shopkeepers. WHAT followetli is not an example of the soft answer that turneth away wrath. It is an example of the amount of irony one woman can put into an observation made to another. A well-known man about town was one day last week coming along Collins-street, when he overheard one woman ast another if she could kindly tell the way to North Melbourne. The lady who was asked the question hesitated. Thinking that she did not know the way, the gentleman turned, and out of good nature -as about to direct the enquirer, but as he turned the lady who had been asked the question replied, " No, I cannot; I am not a deserted wife myself." And so saying she went on her way. It was a smart answer, but not a model of ladylike courtesy. Dr. Lloyd will doubtless like to make a note of the anecdote, which is perfectly true. It seems to indicate that some ladies think that a woman only goas to North Melbourne for one purpose. EDWAED DYSON'S famous "Golden Shanty" story finds a replica in Bendigo's disappearing identity, the old Shamrock Hotel* giving place to a palatial five-story edifice. Gold has been found in some of the bricks of the old portion of the building, and a crushing is contemplated. A fe* years ago a Castlemai ne hotel was put through the mill, and the bricks yielded .£30 worth of gold. JOHNNY WALLACE, M.L.C., had his accounts made up at the end of the year, and formed » calculation as to the amount of money he has invested in mining in this country since he started- He estimates that he has paid awav about .£1,000,000 in wages alone to miners. K tb . 3 calculation be anywhere near accurate, and Wallace has reaped a reward anything like proportionate to what he has invested, he must W even richer than he is reputed to be—which is n ot at all unlikely. THE Emperor of Germany refused to sanction the punishment of four years' imprisonment inflict 1 upon Brusewitz, the lieutenant who ruthlessly murdered an engineer at Baden, and we all tliougW this was because he considered it criminally lenient, but were mistaken ; his Imperial Highne® considered the sentence too severe, and the swashbuckling cnt-throat gets o£ with three years. might have known this Emperor William—" Billy " a contemptuous New York paper calls bu» —always sides with the military against t» people, and counts the life of an ordinary citizen ^ ; nothing beside the Guy Fawkes dignity 0 ' j brutal cur in uniform. No wonder Germans in^f such good colonists under British rule. never cease congratulating themselves on escape. They profess a great love for the Fatli^ | land, but they stick tight to the step-Fatherlan 0 ' T| C, r. .usance of gold mining. Queensland's ' ..in-. the Mt. Morgan, originally formed jj flection belonging to a man named , \ whom it was sold to the Brothers I.,]- i'bt-w, or £1 per acre! Since then the , yielded several millions in dividends. • I'X\TITB—in spite of his protestations to . .,rv—is not just the man he was before :.:' England. He addressed a " Pleasant i uidiiv ' ftemoon " meeting held at a place near '' ali.'!°u Sunday last. Tl® old Trenwith U ],,.scorned to follow in the footsteps^of pi,- : lni Maddens and Judge Hodgeses in Vr-lie fashion. Does he already see, with ilj.'li >•>•<•'. the star of Michael and George j, K !:; iin> distance and drawing him on ? ,li,i not take Sir John M'Intyre long to dis" [. th ,i mistake had been made by the Lord „I„ ; ,iii] in inviting the Premiers of colonies l],i i; wives to visit London on the occasion of MiiWJ.v's sixtieth anniversary as Queen. A s]i,r ;ii be given, suggested Sir John, that hlv li'ii'i' ? - of Oppositions should also be invited i with lli-v- wives. Of course, the coincidence that Ijj.,,. j. ianinally) the leader of our Opposition tliii'l nji'iiing to do with the suggestion. A more hi!it.:ili' -mission is that the leader of the party [tir.u parties—the Labour party—has not i^] inviii'ii Tliis is serious. It is likely to be ht'-miflv ivsented. Whatever was the Lord Chamber- ,111 of ? Still, however, our injured I ) idc is soothed by a letter sent to a disftin ,r iii?li' , 'l personage who has recently been Emrlaivl. moving in the highest circles. The iktter. v.hich is embossed with three ostrich Iferiilur.-. i-'. understand, as follows:—" Dear iHarrv - ^ball ' >e g' a d to see you at mummy's (little Hare-up next June. If you are round this |w irivi.' ns a look-up. Have got some nice cigars llniii ni. iiii'l you shall really have one this time. (Low to the boys. Solong; skip the gutter,— LYEIIRS always, ALBERT EDWABD P." ; tin' Argus, in a burst of what may be called liolloijiiciK-i'. about the anniversary of the Queen's ossirrn on the 20th of next J«$er "th® chime of p„.ll s that will ring out ffldip St. Paul's 1 liiit' morning will bf tli^signal for a^ave kit lvyiieing, sound of whidtevKiU. rjin round.-the Alas, that we should<3ispel s^<Jh'a beaujbi- Ifiil delusion ; but we must. The plain fa/jfi is, that fecial v.-ill mi be given. Those'"bells thajb will *mt iVi mi the dome of St. Paul's will riot be., on',ml. There are no bells in the dome of St . {hud's: It is a. high-cockalorum idea, that of the ?nimdi>i' 1 u'lls from the great dome that " hangs lilc bubble" in the sky of London; but Sir prist'i]iln'v Wren never thought of providing foist the lurid A •> git sew language when he iH'd tit. Paul's. Therefore, the only bells [liiit will rin j from the cathedral will be the very prdinary peal in the south-west tower, where the flrvk is, anil they won't do much towards echoing the world, for you can hardly hear them kt the bottom of Ludgate Hill when the traffic is thick - and tin* journalists' pens are scratching on |lii' paper in Fleet-street. IJKAK PI NCH.—" I see in your last week's issue i ([iiei'vas to whether real mackerel are caught in instralian waters. J teal mackerel were caught at Lurne during the month of January, and I had the pleasure uf breakfasting off some. These fish had pot bi'pn I'nughtat Lome, I am informed, for many pars ]iast. It was a curious coincidence that a ipreiuien ,,t' the true garfish, not the small fish filled garfish here, but the English garfish (Esox Jdw?). otherwise known as the gar-pike, was also taught in Lome last month. Such a fish has not been can" lit at Lome for twenty years. • This fish [salsoeallcd the mackerel guide in England, because t visits the t-oasts for spawning purposes shortly before the mackerel. If your correspondent refers to Professor M'Ooy's Prodromus he will find that at (east two species of mackerel identical with the European species are taken at times in Hobson's They appear, however, to be rare (see Vol. ( I'rorlronius, plates 18 and 28, and Farrell's British Pishes, pp. 131 and 154) —Yours, &c.;, S ST. JOHN TOPP. Klstermvick. What has become of the New Women F They Mv the theme of song and story, of jest and trig»yw, a month or two ago. But now one hears pi'dly inn 1 hing of them. Neither the Austral r 1,011 nor the Warrawee Club has nominated a Ngle lady candidate — nor a married lady P'diJate i'i >r that matter—as a delegate to the federal (.'(invention. If they do not soon make I 011 "' sifc'ii, unprejudiced observers will begin to picrtaiu tiie ignoble suspicion that the New ><>men have been "nobbled" by their husbands Im-oethiMvcs. In order to settle this doubt, once all, }J l Nru JJ OW agjfg ^s lady readers (the iivitatiun is strictly limited to ladies) to write Pl'M the b)llowing coupon form the nalnes of the [!' - 3 . wl " "hey think have a right to represent (fctoria at the coming Convention. All coupons r m lj( ' ''"turned by the 15th February =— 