THE LITTLE MJNTIE. ' published by smoiaxi arbanqekbnt. By MISS BRADDON, ' futhor of "Lady Audley'a Seoret," "Dead Men's Shoes," " Aurora Floyd," "Wyllard's Weird,'1 "Tho Cloven Foot," " The Venetians," "Sons of Fire," . "Thou Art tho Man," &o.;, Ac. CorrmoHT. . a fit " — CHAPTER II. . Every Advantage. Eustnno -went back to Elatroo next Hay. Ho had" como to Palatine squaro for u dny and a night, boing wanted in Burlington stroot by a gentleman whom bo looked upon as ono of tho cnomies of tlio human race — a very soiontifio nnd superior person who did all sorts of disagrceablo things to Eustace's month and teeth, ruthlessly extract ing any tooth whoso position offended his hypcrcriticnl eye. Bad as extraction was, ho could hoar that liko a hero, hut worse remained behind, in thc.shapo of what tho dentist called 1 taking an impression,1 in which process hot beeswax was crammed into nis mouth nnd kept thoro till it cooled at tho risk of suffocation — tho result of which ordcnl by hot wax was a silver, or gold, or vulcanite plate, which mudo life more or less of a burden ; while it was, accounted bascBt villainy on tho part of Eustaco if ho wore this modern instrument of torture iu his pocket instead of on his jaws. All the morning of his brief holiday had boon devoted to this dreary business of having his tooth pulled out nnd his mouth modelled for another new plate — u pinto which was to exeroiso tho severest pressuro upon two obstinate littlo tusks whioh tho dentist talked of lenruedly as canines. Nobody asked Eustace whether ho thought tho gamo was worth tho candlo, or whether ho would not just as soon keep the canines as nature mado them. Ho complained that ho was handed over . to Mr. Waitright as if he had been a black slavo. ' Has n." fellow to wait till lio is twenty-ono boforo ho is master of his own mouth?1. Eustnco asked at the dm nor table < in tho schoolroom ; hut thoro. was nobody present of sufficient' learning to answer tho qucstiou. ' Can his parents hnvo a sixth form hoy strapped into a chair and tortured ? 1 . 'Oh, Stacie, you have novel1 been strapped I1 cried Eluff. ' (No, hut I expect it would como to that if I didn't give in,1 suid Eustaco, darkly. 'Bocos if you was strapped,1 said riuff, musingly, 'I should like to ho there to soo.1 Eustaco had boon huffed yesterday at tea, hut tho sun novcr went down on his wrath. His tcinpor was quick, but Ins alfoetions were warm and strong. He adored tho protty fair-haired mother, nnd as ho had to lonvo homo early, ho pleaded for an interview in mothor's bedroom. Slio heard tho voice iu tho corridor, and called out, ' Stacic, Stacic, darling,1 and ho wont into tho bright protty room whioh opened out of mother's boudoir, and found her sitting up in bod in a bluo silk breakfast jacket — a fair girlish fuco looking out of n nost of pulo hluo Billing and laco-trimmcd pillows. Mrs. Lerwick- is sitting up totnko her morning chocolate, whilo hor Ercucli maid holds n roviow of gowns, tippets, fichus, mid othor iinory, discoursing vivaciously as slio tosses tho costly frippery about. ' But truly mudumo has nothing to wear. . .This, .blue gown is altogether impossible.' ' Oh, I uin so fond of that bluo surah. Come and kiss mo Stacic — I must wear it again. It fits 1110 better thau anything Amclic lias made for uges.1 ' But, /nnidamo, hnvo tho goodness to look at tho edge of . tho skirt — cut to pieces.1 'When does your train go, lovo? But you can mend that hom, Bubctto.1 . Bubotto shrugs hor loan littlo sliouldors, nnd throws down the hluo silk froek, ns if it wore almost too foul a thing to hold any longer in hor 6uporlino fingers. 'But, mudumo, that soft silk docs not mend itself — thoro is not enough of substunco to hold a necdlo.'1 This means that tho hluo frock is 'cashiered. Mrs. Lerwick will seo it no mora.;;. but somobody clso will go to Hampton Court in it noxt Sunduy after noon, oscoitod by ono of Mr. Hunter's undcr- cooks from tlio famous confec tioner's on tho othor side of tho squaro. Stucio clambers on to a chnir besido tlio bed and givos his motlior a vigorous hug. 'I hopo you'vo enjoyed your holiday, 'dourest,1 sho says, in the midst of a shower of kisses. ' I'vo enjoyed sooing. you — I didn't enjoy the dentist.1 ' ' Ho, no, of. courso not. But I want oil my sons to ho 1/hndsomo.1 Sho looks for something on tho littered tablo, whoro a. fat, yollow- Coverod Ercneli novel, a mnmmotli 6ilvor oau-do-Cologno bottle, a fan, a honp of lottors, tliroo lnce-edged haud- kerchiofs, and tlio chocolate service, nro crowded anyhow. Siio picks a lizard- skin purse out of tho jurablo, and opens it," and a showor of gold rolls out ovor tho silken covorlot. ' Oh, mummy, how rich you aro !' " ' Sho givos Eustace a coiiplo of sovereigns, and lins to submit to a second hug, whilo Babotto picks up tho rest of tho gold, nnd places it in a littlo pile on. tho dressing tablo with ostenta tious carefulness. . \ ' "Won't I havo a ripping bat,1 says .Eustaco, and a voico calls from with out — ' ' Now, Master Eustace, unless you 'want to loso your train.1 ' AVJiy, of courso I want to loso my train,1 110 says, witli a last kiss from tho pretty motlior, ' but I mustn't do it,1 ; Aid off ho gooB. ' You can put out tho pink oropon for Bnndown,1 sighs Mrs. Lerwick 11s she Aides ii) tho yellow-hacked novel and twirls the loaves listlessly. Palatine square, ns ovcryhody knows, is 0110 of tho choicest positious in West End, Loudon. It is an old world squaro in which thoro nro scarcely two' houses exactly alike. Some havo boon rebuilt and Uro palaces, Italian, German, or curly English, with roofs that uspiro . Bkywurds4 minarets and watch towoi'fk. oampanilos and clustered cliimnoys, flying balconies nnd oriol windows, ull that is fantastical and oxponsivo in architecture. Other houses there re main just ns thoy woro uudor tho first nnd second George, when Pulntino squaro was young; houses so plain and liomoliko that ono might fancy oncsolf in a country manor house. Again, there a few smaller houses — cosy littlo houses squeezed in hotwecn two colossal noighhours, houses with a balcony horc and a voranda tlicro, and a delicate patrician grace in their modest stairways and low- ccilcd ro oms opening ono into tho othor. Mr. Lorwielt's house was ono of tho largest ill tho square as to reception rooms, and ono of tho worst ns to bod- rooms. It was an old house; and though it had boon gorgeously decorated nud finished at Mr. Lerwick's cxponso there had been no thought of lifting tho _ roof and letting light, space, and air into thoso terrible third-floor rooms. Fascinated with tho lofty double drawing-room, tho six tall windows, tho Italian chimney-pieces, Mrs. Lerwick had gono up to tho top floor predisposed to ho delighted with everything sho found there. ' Oh, Tony ?' sho exclaimed, as sho and hor husband wont upstairs, ' whut a houso for parties ! Wo must havo it.1 'But they aro asking thirty thou sand for n short lease.1 ' Is it much?1 ' And tho ground rent is a hundred and fifteen.1 ' That sounds very little. Those drawing-rooms, Tony ! You must lot mo furnish thoso. You shall liavo your own way in nil tho rest of tho house.1 ' But, Noll, I haven't mado up my mind to buy it.1 ' But you will mnko up your mind I know, dear, when you'vo had another look at tlioso drawing-rooms,1 and slim pearl gray fingers twined themselves round Tony Lerwick's largo doo-skin thumb. Thoy had nowly returned from a winter's yachting in tho Mediterranean, and had been house- hunting for n week before nn obsequious agent brought thorn to Pnlatino square to view — that was tho agont's expression — Lord Sorno- hody's houso, _ only vncntod nt Christmas. Sirs. Lerwick tripped lightly through tho upper rooms, holding hor silken skirt off tho dirty floors and looking about with a smiling casual air, counting tho rooms ns sho passed through, nnd not hnppoii- ing to remark that thoro was hardly a foot botween tho coiling and top of hor husband's head. ' Eustace's bedroom,1 slio said, point ing to a littlo room nt the back. ' Such a donr tiny room — I'll havo it furnished so prettily for him. The day and night nursories — lovely pnnnolod walls, and swcot old basket gratos — nnd a double- bedded room for nurse and SKss Perry.1 'I thought a governess expected a room to herself.' ' Not Miss Perry. Sho is only a nursery governess. Ono can't put up with nirs from n person of thut kind.' ' No. But slio mayn't bo nblo to put up with no air,1 says Tony, dryly, ' and I'll ho haDgod if she'll got much in such a dog-kennel as this, if you put two beds in it.1- ' Dog-kounol, Tony! With that lovely Adam mantelpiece !' / ' Adam won't kocp her cool iu the dog days,1 muttered Tony. _ But ho was not strong enough cither iu argument or in will to opposo liis pretty wife ; so tho lcaso ' of tho fine houso in Palatine square was bought, and tlio last modish upholsterer — who callcdhimsolf nn artist : — wns lot looso in tho drawing-rooms, and Louis Soizo and a chilly severity of lino being tho rago that year, tho result was mora adapted to tho tropics than to tho _ average English seasons. Slim straight logs of chairs and tables reflected themselves in a polishod floor ns on tlio Burfaco of doop water ; tho pnlo nzuie curtains foil in straight lines from the six tall windows. Tho rooms had a cold grnndour and hlonk spacious ness that frightened Fluff out of liis baby wits if ho linpponed in his quost of ' Mummy1 to run in nnd find oulv emptiness. Ho would mnko off as fast ns his littlo legs would carry him, leav ing tho tall half-door to swing slowly and silontly to on its supovior rising- butt hinges, as if somo ghostly hand had closed it. Sooth to say, though no grisly legend attached itself to that houso in Palatine square, there wns ii fooling of ghosts in some of tho rooms nnd corridors which moved children, nnd oven grown-up son-ants, with sonsations of vnguc foar. Tho shadows liung so darkly in those low-coiled passages above. There woro suoli strange closets — closets within closots, doors within doors, to sny nothing of a ghostly hack staircase which had been shut off nt tho bottom of tho second flight years and yenrs ago, nnd'now only harboured mico andmusti- noBs. Even Mrs. Lorwick, proud as she was of hor drawing-rooms wlion hor frionds were grouped about nt stately distancos .aftor .a dinner party, or at ono of hor concerts,, when there was barely stand ing room— -even she confessed that the rooms made hor melancholy whon thoro woro no people. It may hnvo boon partly on this account that Mrs. Lorwick was soldom at homo of an ovening with out people. A. London house, with a London motlior, moans a dull lifo for small boys, evon if their sholtics tako thorn for nn early gallop in the . Row every fine morning, whore thoy bucket along, much to tho discomfiture of somo of tho oldorly gontlcmcn in tho Livor Brigndo who, jogging quiotly on thoir over-fed cobs, are apt to envy Horod his despotic power, or to regret the neglect of Malthus, _' Pipe thom kids !' cries a gutter snipo, with hitter emphasis, us tho two hoys, dressed aliko iu neat littlo jackets and breeches, and drab gaiters, and billycook hats, trot along PriucoFredorickstroeton their way to tho park. But nf tor a jnreek of suoli morning rides tho pam- pered Palatine.squaro children sicken at the monotonous exercise, and Paul in forms his friond Tandy,- tlio groom, that till riding cxcopt to hounds is tommy rot. The fact that the morning rido is insisted on ns a matter of hygiono naturally takes all tho flavour of plea- santnoss out of it. In Dorsetshire thoy aro keen enough, for oven when there are no hounds afoot tho furzo bushes on on those breezy commons, tlio ditohos that divide tho fiolds, afford ample seopo for ' tapping, 1 to say nothing of a cer tain rural course where thoy can run their ponies whilo tho dew is on tho summer grass, nnd tho keen morning air in thoir sholtics1 nostrils quickens the pace and stimulates to skittishncss. In Loudon Paul complains thoro is nothing to do. Evon tho theatres to which their mother takes them from timo to time offer but feoblo joys — tommy rot — in tho shape of serious plays nnd sentimental comedy, being tho dramatic staplo nt tho fashionablo houses, and huvlcsquo tho rare excep tion — savo in tho unpalatable shape of comic opera, where the fun is swamped by tho music. If father would tako thom to tho music halls thoro might ho something to livo for ; hut father has pledged liimsolf not to take them, by a solomn promisa to mother, whoso lnmcntahlo ignoraneo is allied to ridiculous prejudices, and who believes every music hall to bo a siuk of iniquity, whoro wicked songs aro sung to wicked people. , ' I hnto tho London season,1 exclaims Paul, with his shoulders suuk-into tho pndded anglo of a largo armchair and his navy hluo legs swinging in space. 'It's simply beastly!1 'You might have hotter reason for saying that if you lived iu tho slum at at tho hack of tho mews,1 his governess answers gravely. 'No, I shouldn't, for I should havo something to amuse mo,1 says Paul, with a tremendous omphasis upon tho pun, of which Miss Warreu takes not tlio faintest notico. 'I could keep 1 rabbits — I could go into tho stables whenever I liked.' ' How would you like sleeping eight in a room ? 1 ' Can't say, for I novor tried it.' Miss "Warren sighs, hut licr rulo with boys of Puul's stamp is to ignore im pertinence. Ho lins novcr boon able to sting her to retort or argument. If Minerva herself had eondeseended to he his mentor, that divino lady could not havo held hcrsolf more aloof from tho littlo wprld of his small mind. Ho never has had tho satisfaction of know ing what sho thinks of him. Miss Warren is nearer forty thau thirty. Sho is gravo and pnlo, a noat thin figure, always appropriately dressed. No salient point in her physiognomy or her attiro lends itself to juvenile laughter. She wears no foolish feathered hat, carries no preposterous parasol or gainpisli umbrella. Hor garments a 140 noithor old- fashiouod hor nuw-fashionad, hilt of a severe simplicity that bears- tho stamp of a tailor who kuows how tho world is moving. Paul did not lovo his governess, but lie could hot help respecting hoi'J and he could not help lcurning of hor, and, worse, as ho thought, could not help boing interested in his work with hor, for sho mado him think as well as learn, and his young mind grow under her tcnching. Sho had rend a good deal, for a woman, and when compared with tho elegant Mrs. Lerwick, who had forgotten all sho had ovor learnt in the schoolroom, Miss Warren seemed nn inexhaustible reservoir of knowledge. to bb costinokd xo-xobkow. 