/ /---N\\-i --/ ^- C- IN,. ~r J 'C^ eTs ^ ss*^ n V- ^ ^BmmniM.wimii To-dat I am Bitting in sackcloth and fishes nnd nhovolling dirt on my hond, and lifting my voico in howln lou'dor than u, Novortiro oyolono or a Church Convention discuGin'ug tho «reat sbipund quontion. * » m All this Borrow springs From a nupor , sfcitious boliof in omony. About a fortnight ago I pickod up a cako of tho famous 'Two Seas' tobacco at a point whoro flvo roadu cross ono another. Thoro ia a pub. nt tho point, and tho moon win ' full ' at tho time (tho man in itlookod to bo 'full' also), and it instantly occurred to mo that »ny ' find' was a sign of good fortuno. Accordingly I rushed off vritJi my prizo to a wiso woman in Woolloomooloo, who advortisoa that hor mother was tho Witch of Erulor, but who noomr. to bo a bit fogged ns regardB tho iduutity of lior father. Thia wiBe woman, having consulted tho Btara and Boinuthiug which aho kopt in a jug bohind a Bcroon, declared that tho 'iipor- rits ' coinmundod mo to loavo tho tobacco with hor and thim rush off and buck tho two C'a for all thai I wan worth— tho Cur dinul for tho Couvoution Stakes and Coil for tho Champion. I did uo, aud honco thoao howlu. Tho wiao woman now declares that tho capsizing of hor prophney wan emitted by Llio occupation of tho perihelion of Fiocca, tlio li'iah with tho npo[;eo oil Virgo, tho Virgin on tho With piano of Arico. But oho kopt my tobacco, and my own pri vato opinion ia that Coil loat hia raco (and my monoy) bto.iuoo tlai othor Iioi'kgs ran too fast tor him, und tho Cardinal vma defeated bocuuau lio didn't poll enough votes, and Tom Shittnry has ' gone off' aa iv prayerful man and a ' doing Bploiidid politician.' Anyway, I am not taking any moro omujiB now, and, furthermore, I am of opinion that tho wise woman of Woolloo mooloo iu a bit of ii^ fool aud nomothing of - 11 ruddy roguo as well. A sign of tho times— aud of tho roguon aud foolu that; livoin tliom — iu found in tho fnct that palniiutn, clairvoyants, nstro logora, and Bovoral othor kiudu of fraudo now travul round from door to door in ' Sydney and ita suburbs), profeaaiug to put ' people in the way of making rapid fortunes at a timn wliou they (tho professors) can't keep Iho fringe from growing on thoir own pnnta or potticoata, and it it would nuvo thoir livoa thny couldn't got themuolvcu trustod for a pint of ' wollop.' Ono versatile pair of battlora (malo and female) nair working tho out-door oraalo, protean to bo ablo to practise phronology, thought-reading, pahnlntry, olairvoyancy, and astrology j to manufacture toothache uuro, lovu-pobiono, aud a roliablo liver jolting mixture, to diucovor loat property, tip tho wiuuora of Turf fluttoni twelve tnnou out pt' a do/.ou triou, name tho box of a coming ..child, and to do divern othor thiugn too numoroua to montiou. And yofc you could tftko tho pair by tho honlo and nhnko them for. half a day without catching eight of anything moro vnluublo than a. couplo of pawn-ticketa aud u grauty paclc of carda. Frauds, of thin donoription alwaya aolc to hoo ' tho lady of tho houno.' The night of tho maator of tho houso BcaroB them worao than ft Boap factory acaruK a Domain ? ' doeaor,' and thia has auggoatod a plan of dofeuou whioh a friond of intno him prao tiaod with great nuccoiiM. Aa Boon aa a fortune-tolling fakir, or tho liko, calhi at my frlond'a roaidonco aud nukn : ' In tho laily of tho houan at homo ?' tho uorvnnb, acting on wiuu inutruetiouB, unyas 'No; but tho master, Dotootivo Gouldor, iu uputairu. Stup inside, and I'll call him down.' ' Oh, Gug-gug-nuipGod blooa mo noul, no,' 1b tho prompt reply. 'JDud- dud-dud-don't dlaturb Mr. Gouldor for tho world. It'a no importance, — call again t'uiorror 1' And tho noxfc moment tho torriUod duffer ia doing ovou tirao down tho utroot in a cloud of duut, just H3 though ho hud acoidontally run up ngalunb 'Finhor'n Ghost,' or had boon lilokod In tho rear by a Nngaimki earth quake. Cut thin par out and panto It on tho looklng-ghiBu or tho hat of tho 'lady o£ tho houno ' for f utuvo guidance Tho oablo eroakn that ' tho Grook colonials In Egypt lmvo appealed to tho X'rinco of Wales to protect Oroto.' Tho timo wan wlion an Mngliah Prlnoo would lmvo promptly t'otitioudud to iiitoh r-u appoal by hauling on hja Nod Kolly armor, rdfiin^ nil tho troopu ho could, and rushing on to ({lory or tho gravo. Tho Uhxck Prinoo vrouldn'b have unkoil for hotter fun, and tin forGoorgo Ili(;nold'u niftdoup frlonil.Trlnoo Hal, ho would luvvo rubbod Turkey off tho inup and wipnd hiu foot on tho Sultivn lonj? boi'oro now woro lio on dock iuul— plftyliijj to good houno:). Hngllah prlnooo nro nob luiilli thnfc vttw iu our (lngoiuimto days, howovor, but vthon IC comon to laying foundation atonon, or holding n baccarat hank, or nourishing n knife and fork at a, woll-stockod bauquot board, tho Guolph gontlomon can hold thoir own against all-comora. It io ntill ponuiblo to turn an Englinh prince to Bomn profit in a business way, howovor, and Knglinh traduuiuon aro v/aking up to a knowledge of that oon Bolini* fact. For oxamplo, thiiiKti hmvo bnon dnplorahly nlaclt in tho English Bilk industry of latu, and ao tho happy thought occurred to tho local nmnuiacturorn that it would livon tradn mutters up conniderably if tlio Piinco of Walca woro turned into a nort of advertising clotliou-horBO and trotted round in ohov/y Bilk veatn at hia moat important ovoning ' fnnctiona.' That idun, wan probably horrowod from Oilbort'n humorous notion of turning tho Duke do I'luza Toro into a limitml liability company, and an tho Princo haa graciously conaentcd to boom tlio Rill; induotry ao rnqui'Btoil thoro ia no oarthly roaoon why lio shouldn't alao lot liitnaolf out onhiro to tho BhirUinukvrn, and tho hutturn, and tho boot-buildorB, and in fact there io no reason why ho shouldn't earn an lionout crunt by routing tho buld part of hia hfiad to tho Imir-roiitororn and tho 'gratoful' Cocoa, and searching pill rtmnufaoturoru, or any othor enterprising pnr»ona who enn pay spot cash for tho priucoly privilogo. In thia way a prince may bocomo uaoful no woll ail oniiirnnntiil, aud hiii family will bo enabled to kcup tho wolf from tlio door, oven at times when wolvea aro moro plon tiful than iibuivI. BnBidon, ovnry duty nhould havn itn own hero; and in his own little Bplioro Alhorc Edvrard may bo aa much a liuro as ho who boro in tho battle front tho whito plume of Navarro. Hia Sublimo andSiuntodEminenco Holy JoBoph Cook, P.M.G., han, aftor long and caroful couaidoration, decided to roliwo tho offer made by tho biko-boomorn to runt tho diahiof tho Post-olllcn clock for adrortining purpoaoB. w f ? Tho fact of such an off or having boon made tho uubjoct of any consideration at all must Imvo uurprined, pnrlinpa Reared, tho puahing pmtio.i who made it; bnt an tho P.M.G.'d piety led to the loan in tho rovonuo of Rometliing liko XIO.OOO a year by tlio baniflhmont of tho conuultatiou nwoups ho probably intondn to ' go alow ' for tin) future, and not throw away any dirty water until ho ia quite uiiro of a liko amount of clean. Somo pooplo comiidor that nilont delibe ration ia aaign of great ohrowduotss — or, aa Solomon put tho caao, ' Evon a fool, if ho holdn bin poaco, may bo conaidorod wiuo.' Hut bo far aa Holy JoBoph in concorned, ho romindti mo of a Btringy- barlt ooor, who oiiid: ' WJuinovorl coran across a man wlio pondoro a lot, and uttors his opinions with iinuiBiiBO deliberation, and after thny aro uttorod thoy don't amounc to anything, I sot him down aa a damphool.' Talking of tho P.M.G., 'hia jaynil pra daciunor,' tho only Dan, whilo Bfcumping tho country the othor day, confidently mud : ' Fodoraalun must como I Thu God av tho univorao han said no !' To-day Dan aays ho thiuka tho ' Ting-a-ling' girlo muiit havo owitchod him on to tho wrong place, for tho only man that could mako Jb'odonitiou a 'a atupondoun aookcosn' is ninotoonth on tho poll, and, of courno, tho ' glorious cuuao ' liaa been sot back for half a contury at Jonat. A breezy story is told of a company of malo roprenoutativesof tho ' nicest puoplo' who woro having n rual good tiino with 'Nap' and tho uelt/.er fountain in a leading oitiuou'o parlor tho other night, and as tho hours ntolo on foarn woro oxprosBod by somo of the guontn thftt thoy wnro troupaaaing on the good niituro of tho miutronn of tho houno, ?who wan not proaont, and depriving hor of tho fsoeioty of hor npouno. Thia rathor rilod the dignity of tho lattor, vrho loudly oxclaiiuod : ' Pooh, pooh, not at nil, doah boya— not at all. Play aa long aa you liko. I reckon I'm tho Czar hero.' Juut at this juncturo tho vrhito-robed form of bin vory muoh hotter half appoarod upon tho ucono, eaught tho boaator moro firmly than affootiouatoly by tho collar, wid flwuotly said: ' Goutleiuou, don't lot mo intorforo with your innocont littlo nnmaumont, I bog; but nn it in nnarly 3 o'clock now tho Czar must como to bed. fcJuy good morning to tho company, your Cr.ar iihip, and vro'll diauunu othor mattora lator on.' And then ft proconaion of two | or, rathor, of ono and ti half, filed alowly olt to thn troublod land of Uodfoid nhii'e. Talking of whioh, did you ovor notico, from a curoory point of viow, tho different niannor in which tho different) soxou gob into bod. 1 havo, and tho ntylo adopted by tho softornox in funnier than ft oirouo. A moro man oitn down on tho odgo of tho bod kerflop, holntii up his hoolo and rolhi ovor, and goon to sloop rijjht away. A woman cllnibn up on ono knoo flrab, nnd then on tho othor, no that nho gotn on ftll fourn, juafc tho samo an if nho woro piny biff ' bull and tho boar,' nnd wna noting tho pivrb of tho Rrlzisly. ♦ ? ? If nlio iu a oinglo woman nho Kfltvorally roraninu In thftt undignlflod ponitiou for ft taw minutoa gaping at tho pillowu, nnd wondering to hornolf whothor half iv bod iim't nomotlinou hottor than ft wholo ono 5 but if ulio ia n nmrrloil woman nho of ton iitraightonii horaolf up and boglnn to din Guun topico which hor nloopy npouno oarnostly wiahoa aho would pontpono otno Hit. Iu tho caao of a widow— woll porhapn it would bo bettor to lob tho, widown ntand ovoi1 ttlno (Ho ''«--! or, if 'nhowory/ fhon until tho d,iy atior. ? 