? 1|tjeI^ra:l ^n'^S&'II* ?;': The marriage of Mr/ J. W.. Anderson, late of Pryoe'and Anderson, and at present engaged at Walkers Limited, to Miss Stone, daughter of Mr. Stone, of Fortitude Valley, Brisbane, took plaoe in the Presbyterian Ghtirch, Warner street, Brisbane, on Tues day last. From the Courier we learn that the church was crowded with friends and' spectators, and the Bev. Mr. Badolifle was the officiating minister; The church had been beautifully decorated with flowers, and an arch of evergreens and a large -wedding bell of white flowers ereoted in the oentre, under whiqh the bridal party stood during the ceremony. . The bride entered the \ ohnrch on the arm of her father. She was' attended by five bridesmaids, three of whom j were her sisters, and two her. little nieces, the Misses Braddock. ' After the ceremony the bridal party ? left the church amidBt j showers of rioe, the ' Wedding March ' ! hpincr nlnVAii hv fcliA nraaniaf. inr frfon hmica of the bride's parents, where a reception . was held. A large n amber of guests were present, including the Mayor and Mrs. M'Master. After receiving the congratula tions of their friends, refreshments were served, and later on Mr. and Mrs. Anderson ' left for Eatoomba, ' Blue .Mountains, New South Wales, for the honeymoon. We need soarcely say that Maryboroughites also add their congratulations on the happy event, and wish the newly-wedded couple prosperity and happiness in their married life. The labour schooner Sybil, with Captain Anderson in charge, and 54 return boys on board, left Maryborough at dusk yesterday on another recruiting voyage to the South Sea Islands. The usual search for firearms and ammunition was made by a couple of the .Customs officials prior to the departure of the vessel, and although a seizure was made, the ' haul ' was not as great as on former occasions. Fortunately, Marybo rough tradespeople are not amongst tbe offenders this time, shewing that the action of the Government in prosecuting the man Crawley some three months ago has had a deterring effect upon others engaging in this nefarious traffic. Some half-dozen rifles were all that were discovered, and these were taken from the boxes of the boys who had come from northern towns. It is to be hoped that the Government will prosecute covered. They might also take some action in checking the boys bring ing firearms even as far as Mary borough. The Customs officials also made a thorough search of the Sybil from stem to stern, but they were unable to dis cover any firearms on board. This was probably due to the precaution adopted by Captain Tornaros to prevent tho boys stow ing them away on the ship. The boxes iu which tho rifles were found were ingeniously constructed for secreting the weapons, but with all the cunning displayed by the Chinamen manufacturers ' of the north, the plant failed to escape the Customs officials who made the search. We believe the boys implicated have been detained in Mary borough, from which it would appear that tho Government docs not intend to allow the matter to stop at tho seizure. The Sybil is chartered for a full compliment of recruits, and Mr. Cecil is the Government Agent on board. The weekly Small Debts Court was held yesterday before E. Moroy, Esq., Police Magistrate. The undefended cases heard and decided were — F. Prove v. Mrs. A. Barraclough, goods sold, £8 11s. 6d.— Ver- dict for plaintiff, with 21s. professional, and 6s. costs of court. F. Prove v. J. M'Nulty, gUUUB BUIU AU XlHn ? VOlUiUll 1U1 fJimuuill, with 21s. professional costs and 5s. costs of court. Mr. M'Grath appeared for the plaintiff in eaoh case. J. Anderson v. J. Holtz, money payable £4 12s. 3d.— Verdict for plaintiff with 5s. costs. Mr. Stafford appeared for the plaintiff. Four cases were withdrawn. Oub readers are reminded that Mr. Wm. Fletcher Hall, the eminent diagnostician and lecturer of the Polypathic Medical Institute of Brisbane, will lecture in the Town Hall, Maryborough, this afternoon and evening. The afternoon lecture, which will commence at 3 o'clock, is to ladies only, the subject being ' Suffering Woman, and hec heroic fortitude to endure.' The evening lecture, ' Our Disobedience of Nature's laws,' is to men only, and will commence at o o clock. These lectures are very interesting, and as tho truths to be learned are many and wholesome, no one should miss this opportudity of hearing Mr, Hall. The Jubilee scholarship examinations were continued in the School of Arts last night. There was a distinct falling off, however, in the number of candidates sit ting, there being only one for shorthand (senior division) and six for chemistry, viz., four juniors and two seniors. The subjects for to-night are history and freehand and model drawing, junior and senior, when it is expected that there will be a much larger number up than last evening. There was a good attendance at the evangelistic service conducted by the Eevs.' Byron and M'Queen in the Presbyterian Church last night. Mr. M'Queen addressed himself to Christians, and pleaded for whole heartedness and 'consistent living. Mr. Byron's subject was ' Belief in Christ,' and he interspersed hiB address with two or three suitable hymns. Miss Stupart also sang acceptably, ' Some time we'll understand.' The Railway Department intend running a cheap excursion from Bundaberg to Pialba next Saturday week. A similar excursion run last year was highly succes ful, and it is to be hoped that this one will be as well patronised by the Bundaberg people. The fares are very reasonable, viz., 8s. adults and Is. 6d. children (return). The concert by the children attending the Central Infants' State School on Friday evening, gives every promise of being largely attended, as we believe the tickets are going off well. The little ones are also looking forward to the aflair with pleasurable antici pation. The weather yesterday waB close, heavy clouds banking up, before the northerly wind, which blew Btrongly all day. No rain however, fell till 1 o'clock this morning, when a short shower of rain came on, The annual ball of the Bover Football Club is announced to take place on Friday week, October 2nd, and as the popular club is again champion this season, they should receive recognition at the hands of the public by a bumper attendance. English moils to the 20th August per P. and O.S. Co.'s steamer Oceana, will arrive in Maryborougn to-morrow (Friday). The contractor for ' the erection of the Government wharf at Bfoodmount (Mr. J. Watson) is again beset by the old difficulty of scarcity of timber (says the Bockliampton Bulletin), In fact, he finds it almost im possible to get the necessary piles, which, it may be mentioned, must be about 60ft. in length. Consequently the work is much retarded. How the difficulty is to be got over is one that is now receiving Mr. Watson's consideration, and it is not un likely that in the end he may have to go to the southern colonies, ?The following extract from a Courier reporter's interview with the \ Hon. A. J. ^Thyniie, Minister for HAgriouUure, will bo rend with interest:— A visit was paid to Graoemere, Mr. Arpher's station, and Mr. Thynne said he waB very muoh interested in the dairying operations there. 'Mr. Archer,' he said. ' is milkine now about 350 cows, and the condition in. which his oattle are is a greet object lesson to the whole of this colony. Mr. Archer is prac tically the pioneer of ensilage-making in Queensland. He has been' making it in large quantities for ten or twelve years, and he estimates the cost of growing and making ensilage at from 4s. to 4s. Si. a ton. At his butter dairy he milks about 160 cows, and he has recently put up a large dairy build ing to bold about 100 cows for the' Rock hampton ' milk supply. Hitherto he has been making from 4000 tons to 6000 tons of ensilage per season to enable him to carry his stock through tho dry and winter seasons in splendid condition, and how, near bis milking dairy, he hus constructed another silo capable of holding another 500 tons, m that his storage for ensilage will now con siderably exceed 1000 tons. He has a rmmtiPt* /if flrpnf, A vmiiii'Aa. (Tin nrnnann n( an Ayrshire bull which he bought in Bris bane some years ago, and he expresses him self as very well pleased indeed with the dairy qualities of the half-bred cows that he has got. He has at least three first-class purebred Ayrshire bulls and one very fine Jersey bull in his herd.' Asked if Mr. Archer's dairy herd had been endangered from ticks, Mr. Thynne said that Mr. Archer's paddocks were tick infested, but he had had very little loss from their ravages. He had inoculated a large number of his herd, but he was under the impression that the inoculation had not produced any symptoms of fever. The comparative immunity of Mr. Archer's herd, Mr. Thynne thought, might prove that cattle fed with suitable and nutritious food would not be affected so severely by the disease as cattle dependent almost entirely npon pasture of varying quality. Certainly, Mr. Archer's cattle exhibited a capacity to resist the effects of tick fever not shown by cattle differently fed. The six-year- old son of Mr. G. W. Thompson, of Breakfast Creek, (says Tuesday's Telegraph), had a marvellous escape from an untimely end about half -past 10 o'clock last night. With his parents he was on a visit to his uncle, Signor Presii, in the Colonial Mutual Buildings, and about the hour stated, ho ran into the front room. The window is composed of long casements opening nearly to to the floor, one of which was open. It is supposed that thinking it was closed the little fellow instead of leaning against the glass, over balanced Himself and fell out on to tho cement pavement fully 20 feet below. Tho child was not missed till il was observed from the window tbat a crowd was collect ing outside. Signor Presa looked out and someone called up, ' Your little boy has fallenadown.' No time was lost in getting to the scene, and the relief was great indeed when the child was found seemingly unhurt and asking for its mother. Mr. Dean Hickey, who had picked up the child, carried him to the chemist's, where an ex amination was made by Dr. Hirschfeld. Wonderful to state, no. bones were broken and no injury was done to any part of the system, except a bruise on the left hip and a slight bruise on the left brow. In the Charge Division of the Sydney Water Police Court on September 13th, before Mr. F. S. Isaacs, S.M., a clerk named Patrick Francis Gelespie Fleming, 28, was charged with embezzling £80, the property of the Union Bank of Australia, Limited, on June 26. 3. G. O'Neill, manager of the Pitt-street branch of the Union Bank, Limited, stated that on June 26 accused, who was then in the employ of the bank, was performing the duties of receiving teller. He produced a receipt from accused showing that he had received £80 on that dote from Captain Morris for transmission to the Auckland branch of the bank. It was his (Fleming's) duty to have entered the amount in the books of the bank and account for it, but he had. done neither. Accused had admitted to witness that he embezzled the amount under great temp tation. Fleming was cited for trial at the Darlinghurst Quarter Sessions on September 10, bail being fixed at £200, with sureties to that amount. The London Chronicle has been favored with a picture of an appalling invention— literally ' made in Germany' — having for its object the prevention of premature burial. The machine is well calculated to add anew terror to the graveyard. It works on the slightest movement in the buried coffin, so that a passing van, or still more, a moving train, may by the oscillation it sets up cause the dread thing to work. And what hap pens in this : An iron box flies wildly up right, a bell clangs, and the glare of an electric lamp lightens the countryside. We can conceive nothing more trying to the nerves of the living than the consciousness that these dread engines are scattered pro miscuously over the churchyards of the land. We are not afraid of ghosts, but we frankly confess that we would not pass by a church at night if we thought that one of these terrors was nigh. The late Eobert Louis Stevenson in his book, ' In the South Seas,' bore tho follow ing testimony to the value of missionary work : — ' Those who have a taste forbear ing missions, Protestant or Catholic descried, must seek their pleasure elsewhere than in my pages. Whether Catholic or Protestant, with all their gross blots, with all their deficiency of candour, of humour, of common sense, the missionaries are the best and most useful whites in the Paoific.' Again : ?' The best specimen of the Christian hero I ever met was one of these native missionaries. He had saved two lives at the risk of his own ; like Nathan, he had bearded a tyrant in his hour of blood ; when a whole white population fled, he alone had stood to his duty; and his behaviour under domestic sorrow, with which the public had no concern, filled the beholder with sympathy and admiration.' Curse cards are being used in Switzerland and Germany to check profanity. People go about with the cards in their pockets, and whenever they . hear bad language present one to the swearer to sign. The card has printed on it a pledge to abstain from swear ing for a specified time or to pay a small fine for each oath to some charity. Nearly 40,000 of these cards have been distributed in Switzerland alone. 1 Maryborough might try this, and our local charities would benefit wonderfully by the fines were it properly carried out. — Ed. Af.C] »b. S. P. Pbjoton, fynohbure, Vft.. writeB ' I have been very much pleased with Sander & Sons Eucalypti Extraot in tne first stage ol phthisis, using it as an inhalation from a bron chitis-cettle. 1 never used any preparation than Sanders', as I have found the others to be al most useless.' Dr. A. 8. Eobbbib, La Oygne. KuiEaB, writes:—' I nee Sander & Sons Eucalypti Extract in disorders of the respira tory tract, diphtheria, dysentery, etc It is a Eavounte drag -with me, and Sander & Bora preparation is the desiratum long wished for. the other diSerent preparations ol the drag being anything but satisfactory.' ? incdstgettinK Bander ft Sons Eucalypti Extract, or else you »nU be supplied with worthless oils. - 