Mr. Dampier as "Hamlet." • • -- —• — - Mr. Alfred Dampier opened'his return season at the Theatre Itoyal last night with " Hamlet," and the.production, artistically and otherwise, was a great success. The building was tilled in every part, amonest those present being a party arranged by the Mayor, including the Mayor and A'ayoros, Rev. E, Gordon Savile. Mrs. Barton-Parkcs, Mrs. and Miss Fcarby. Mi. J. J. Tucker, and Mrs., Miss, and Miss E. Tucker. Mr: Dampier as the Dane, gave a consistent, scholarly, and earnest representation of the character: lie made of Hamlet a gloomy, brooding pessimist, not a madman—a man whose ore desirn uas for vcngeancc and whobved wit 1 his eyes wide opencl to the hypicrisy nnd deceit of his surroundings. His satirical jibing lines were exceptionally well spoken, the " players' Epecch" being splendidly delivered, likewise the apostrophe to Yorick's skull. In the big sccne with Ophelia, the actor al-o showed the passion at Lis command. To many present Mr. Dampier's impi-rsonation of the melancholy Dane was not new. He has taken the part of Hamiel in England, and in most, if not all, the Australian colonics, and in Sydney he played it for eight weeks in succession. His conception of the part is a good one. In several of the scenes he rose to great power, notably in the pluycis' scene (Act III., Scene II). and with the sccne with the Queen in the same Act . Miss Kallicrine Bitsscll's playing of the Queen was distinguished by a great deal of reserved power, and undoubtedly her best scene was that already referred to at the closc of the third act. Miss llosc Dampier's Ophelia possessed considerable merit, her singing in the mad scene being a feature of her performance. Mr. Duggnn played the part of l'olonius more than passing well; bis performance was tinished. Mr. Applctou gave a fine rendering of the King, and Mr. llolfc deserves much credit for Ins Laertes. The Ghost, Mr. E. H. Holloway played on conventional lines, his deep resonaut voice being peculiarly adapted to the part. Mr. Howard Smith, Mr. Elvins, Mr. Esmelton, and Miss Clements were also in the cast, and assisted in the tmri ememhlr. The tragedy was excellently staged and dressed, and it will probably be many a day before Coolgardie will sec another Shakcspcriau play interpreted by such an artist as Mr. Alfred Dampier. To-night Jlr. Dampier's own version of "East Lynne" will be staged, with Miss Lily Dimpier iu the dual role of Lady Isabel and Madame Vine. She is the youngest living actress undertaking this difficult role, and her Shakesp -lian training having peculiarly adapted her to emotional acting, a great treat is in store for those intending to be present, The season positively closes to-morrow night, when a " Boyal Pardon" will be staged. Seats may be booked for both nights at Stein's, bookseller. 