The Pan-Anglican Conference. (From our London contemporary, "The Christian World.") It is thirty years siuce the Lambeth Conference, to attend the present sittings of which Anglican Bishops have gathered from the ends of the earth, was inaugurated by Archbishop Longley. It began in a comparatively small way, some seventy-six prelates accepting the first invitation in 1867. Archbishop Tait presided in 1878 at the second conference, at which 108 bishops were present. The third conference, summoned by Dr. Benson, numbered 145 bishops, and for tho one now gathered 1!)9 have accepted invitations. ït opened on June 30 by a series of private devotional services at Lambeth Palace Chapel, the first being a Communion service at S.30 a.m. The public inauguration of the conference took place on the evening of July 1, in an impressive ceremonial at Westminster Abbey.. The long procession of prelates, marshalled in the order of their con secration, and closing v;ith the Bishops of Lon don, Durham and Winchester, the Metropolitans ef the Church abroad, the Archbishops of Ru pert's Land, of Ontario, of Dublin, Armagh and York, and finally, resplendent in scarlet, his train borne by two train-bearers in white surplices, and preceded by the Archepiscopal cross, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, was of a very imposing character. The Archbishop of York preached the sermon from the text, "When the Spirit of Truth is come, He will guide you into all Truth." Urging the importance of recognising the power and functions of the Divine Spirit, he observed that it was frequently said in another branch of the Catholic Church that what they needed was an age of Mary. What they rather needed was an ago of God the Holy Ghost-an age lu which there should spring up and increase a deeper and more continued sense of His presence with them, and His personal love towards them. The Arch bishop of Canterbury closed the service with 'thc Benediction. THE BISHOPS ON PILGRIMAGE.. The event of Friday, July 2, was the Episcopal pilgrimage to Ebbsfleet, the point at which, ac cording to tradition, thirteen long centuries ago, Augustine, the beginner of the great line of Arch bishops of Canterbury, on the mission deputed to him by Pope Gregory the Great, first set foot in Britain. The prelates assembled in force at Charing-cross station shortly alter half-past 1, and proceeded by special train to Canterbury, where they were joined,by the Dean and Chapter togeth er with the Cathedral choir. On reaching the historic spot thc prelates found a great crowd awaiting them, some five or six thousand per sons, who had come on foot, on bicycles, on every species of vehicle, from the donkey-cart to the four-in-hand, being present. The cross erected by the late Lord Granville, and which is supposed to occupy the site of the famous oak, cut down seventy years ago, under which King Ethelbert and his wife Bertha listened to Augustine's mes-j s?ge, was chosen as the scene of thc open-air ceremony. The service, which was impressive, if somewhat heavy, consisted of an anthem, the intoning of the Litany, the Archbishop of Canter bury reading the closing Collects, and the repeti tion of the weird anthem wiLh which it begau. Richborough, with its old Roman castle, by some authorities claimed as the real landing-place, was next visited, the bishops being met there by the Mayor and Corporation of Sandwich in civic state. Tea ivas served here, and a short lecture on the history of the castle delivered by Canon Routledge. Tims ended what was felt to have been a most interesting and memorable expedi tion, and the Episcopal party returned to Canter bury, in preparation for the great function of the following day. AT CANTERBURY. 4 The inaugural celebrations of the conference culminated in the magnificent function at Can terbury Cathedral on July 3. To a large number of the American and Colonial Bishops this waa their iirst visit, and the combination in the his toric fane of superb architecture, of unique asso ciation, and of splendid ceremonial, all set in the glory of an English midsummer day, must have created in them an undying impression. The proceedings began with an interesting visit to St, Martin's, the venerable pile which claims to be the oldest parish church in Britain, and where Bertha, the Christian spouse of Ethelbert, him self then a heathen, with her chaplain JLuidhard, used to worship before Augustine came. TVae I Cathedral service oommeuced at 11.30, and rarely in its long history has tho great building witnes sed a finer spectacle. Every portion of it waa packed with spectators, the clergy in their vest ments, military ofllcers in brilliant uniforms, the .Corporations of all the Kentish towns in their) robes of office adding brightest color to the scene. The picture reached its height of impressiveness when in stately procession' the great array of Bishops and Archbishops, 1511 in number, moved down from the west door to their positions on the sacrarium and altar steps« Clad in their episcopal vestments, their richly colored hoods contrasting with snowy lawn, their, breasts in many cases bearing pectoral crosses ornamented with jewels, the long file of fathers produced a vivid sense of ecclesiastical pomp, and authority. The impression was enhanc ed by the towering form of the Archbishop of Canterbury, who, preceded by the splendid priraatial cross, in gold and jewels; brought up the rear. As the procession ad vanced the choir sang the hymn, "Blessed City, Heavenly Salem," translated from the Latin by, the late Dr. Bensoïa. "When the members -were finally seated the "Te Deum" was sung, and the Archbishop, speaking from the ancient chair of Augustine, in a clear, strong voice delivered his Allocution. It was a forcible deliverance, dwell ing on the growing value of these great gather ings and the sense of absolute unity which they were producing across the immense distances and in the midst of the wide differences in detail and local feature which the Conference represented* After the Allocution the great congregation, with thrilling effect, joined in the stirring hymn, "All Hail the Power of Jesu's Name." Some prayers were recited, and the service came to an encl with Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus" and the Bene diction, pronounced by the Archbishop, and re sponded to by Stainer's Sevenfold Amen from the choir. The Nonconformist representatives, who were present hy the Dean's invitation at the Cathedral, were entertained at luncheon at the County Hotel by Rev. R. Ffrench Blake, at which Dean Farrar, Earl Nelson, a number of honorary canons and members of the Home Reunion So ciety were also present. Dr. Paton, Professor Radford Thomson, and the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes were amongst those who spoke. AMERICANS IN THE PULPIT. On Sunday the pulpits at St. Paul's and West minster Abbey were occupied by American Bishops. At the morning service at St. Paul's the Bishop of Albany, who preached, concluded his sermon by saying that in the absolute unity of religion, of language, of law, of liberty, of commerce, of civilisation, England and the United States were inseparably one. In the af ternoon Dr. Parry, Bishop of Iowa, in the course of an eloquent sermon, said, referring to the voyage of Columbus: "It was thus, thanks be to our fathers' God, that we, the people of the United States, we, the English-speaking people of the North American Continent, can make our boast that we owe nothing to Columbus, nothing to Spain, nothing to Rome. Our discovery, our colonisation, our Christianity, our liberties, our laws, our very modes of life are not Latin, but are Anglo-Saxon-English. We are sons of Bri tish sires, and the race's freedom, the race s faith, the race's features, and its speech as well, are our heritage from England's historic past." At Westminster Abbey the Bishop of Springfield, U.S.A., preaching in the afternoon, said: "When the two nations parted company there was little sympathy between the mass of their peoples. Ä great chango had since taken place. The people of America now had the warmest sympathy and the highest admiration for the noblest Empire on the face of the earth-Great Britain." The Bishop of New York, preaching in the evening, concluded a powerful sermon on thc relation of the individual to society, by sas'ing he trusted that thc future history of the American nation would continue to be bound up with that of thi3 country, and that the mutual strife for excellence which had characterised the two nations since their separation more than a century ago would continue, and that both would be taught how te make their common future really great. GETTING TO BUSINESS. On Monday, July 5, after a Communion service at Westminster Abbey, the Bishops began the definite work of the Conference. The meetings, which were strictly private, the press being ex cluded, were held in the ancient Guard-room of Lambeth Palace. The proceedings commenced with the president's opening address, which was followed by a discussion of the first subject of the programme, "The Organisation of the Angli can Communion," taken under four heads, name ly-(1) A Central Consultative Body, (2) A Tribu nal of Reference, (3) The Relation of Primates and Metropolitans in the Colonies and elsewhere to the See of Canterbury, and (4) The Position and Functions of the Lambeth Conference. On July G the proceedings included thc reading of a fraternal and cordial address from the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland to the Cou ference. The subject of discussion in the morn ing was "The Relation of Religious Communities within the Church to the Episcopate;" that of the afternoon "The Critical Study of Holy Scrip ture." At the close of the day's proceedings the Bishops, attired in their episcopal robes, were photographed in front of tho Guard-room. They, were entertained at dinner by the Lord Mayor at the Mansion House, on July 7, and on the 13th they visited Windsor Castle at the invitation of the Queen. Some of thc results of the Confe rence have been cabled to Australia, the details may be made known in the reports shortly to arrive. A special meeting of the committee of the Syd ney Diocesan Church Society was called for last Monday, to consider a report which has been: prepared re evangelists, also the employment of au organising secretary. The annual meeting of the New South Wales Auxiliary of the London Missionary Society, re ferred to laet week, held in Sydney on tba evening of August 19, waa a great success. There was a large attendance, and much interest manifested! in the work of the society. Mr. J. S. Darke, Trade Commießiosier of Catiada, presided, and the principal speakers were: The Revs. R. Wardlaw Thompson, R. Buron, and J. King (the Australian agent of tibet society). The Rev. A. J. Griffith, M.A., presented? tho Auxiliary's forty-first annuail report, which: was of a very encouraging character. A sacred concert was given on the evening of August 20 in St. James's Presbyterian, Church, Burwood, in connection with the opening of the new pipe organ. Tho instrument has,cost £600, and was built by Messrs. A. Hunter and Son, London, under the supervision of Mr. F. W. Mor ley, M.A., Mus. Bach, of Cambridge. It has two. manuals and twenty-five stops. The action is tubular pneumatic throughout, and it has two; bellows and two feeders, worked by a hydraulic engine. The case, which ls of Gothic design, is constructed of pine, stained and polished. 