Tuesday, 21 Skktkmbku, 1807. , LAND HILL. W Mr. GROOM: In fining to address the Hnusonn the second reading of this Hill said Sir, I must t claim thy indulgence of hon. members, became I hnyo only just recovered from n severe attack of r influenza, ami I am not altogether in tho best form to »|»eak on a matter of Mich importance, but as I understand that the Government aro I anxious thnt tho second rending should be passed I and that we shall go into coinmitteo on the Rill, I am not willing that it should go then t without first expressing my opinions on one or two points in connection with it. In tho first , place! would like to know from the hon. gentle man in charge of tho Bill whether wo are to have tho jineco of last year repeated this year. Tho Bill introduced Inst year met with a very favour- , ablo reception. I think I am justified in saying, after close inquiries, on the Land Commission, 'that that measure met with the approval of . i j/three-fourths of tho ample of Queensland. Mr. Leant : Not nt all. Mr. GROOM : I nui in a position to form us accurate an opinion of public feeling as the hon. . gentleman himself, I do not supposo ho will arrogate to himself the jiositiou of dictator, ami eay that no one knows anything except himself. I givo him credit for holding conscientious views from his own standpoint, and I trust ho will givo hori. members equal credit for conscientiousness. I speak now from a practical knowledge -from close intercourse with all classes of settlers— mid I say thnt tho Bill introduced last session mot with the approval of throe-fourths of tho people. It was because a section in thnt Ifnuse , wero dissatisfied that tho Bill was withdrawn, There are rumours thnt tho same tactics will » bo resorted to this year to prevent tho Bill becoming law. If that is so, thesooner wenreintido acquainted with tho fact tho better. I do not want to keep hon. gentlomen here listening to me for nn hour if the Bill is to bo withdrawn again. ; I sincerely hope thnt tho courso which lias been indicated to me— that tho Government are anxious to sou this Bill pass this session, and in order that thnt may b» dona thoy will postpone tho further consideration of the Local Govern ment Bill— is tho correct one. If that is so the Government have taken a vory wieo course, ami tho country will indorse their action. At present T cannot but think that the suggested alteration f our land laws is of Infinitely greater iui|>ortA»ce 1 > 'T-rt «ok >v and to settlement than tho passage Lo., -.Government Bill. In considering Laud Bill I think we ought to start with v.ii8 important fact in view. Unfortunately for Queensland— probably for alt tho Australian ; colonies— wo are compelled to look to the land aa n source of revenue. We are ufton referred to . America, and it has been pointed nut how very ! liberal they have been in tbodisposal of their land, j That is perfectly true, but the American public uien nnu tho American Governments that havo ; existed for tho last century have never regarded i their land as a source of revenue. Their idea ! haB been almost to give it away for the cost of i survey. Only recently I was reading ('resident Jackson's message, in which he distinctly informed Congress thnt so long as they could get / the cost of survoy, that would satisfy the | demands of tho State and carry out the legiti- I mate object of government, which wan the settle- ment of people on the lands. Those who are \ acquainted with the American form of govern- \- inent know that immediately a man takes up land ho becomes tho victim of tho tax collector and has to pay his quota of land tax not only towards tho maintenance of tho schools but for tho general purx>es of government. Unfortunately wo have to look to the land as a source of revenue, and it seems paradoxical that while wo look to it as a source of revenue wo should at tho satno time advocate tho settlement of the people on the laud, and in order to effect i settlement we fix nn arbitrary price as the value of the land and an arbitrary sum which the s selector shall spend upon improvements. Ah to the revenue nuestion, tho lion, member for Bulloo, in thu very able speech which he delivered from i his point of view, seemed to argue that the Crown ; was receiving its fair revenue from tho pastoral lands. I must beg to differ from tho hon. gentle- . man. I say that from an intimnto knowledge -of tho country which I find not obtained in times , past, and when I x|>nkeftomewlintnt random from knowledge gained from others. My contention is that tno Crown in the past has not received anything like a fair return as pastoral rout ; anil If wo attempt now to organise a system whereby tho rent will still further bo diminished, then the House will havo to do what tho Secretary for Lands told tho deputation yesterday that tho ' . Lauds Commission ought to havo done— that is, suggest now sources of revenue if land sales in the West are to cease. I The Skciictauv koii Vubliu Lands : I did not say that the Lands Cumiuissieii ought to have 1 made a suggestion. f i'/ Mr. GROOM : I road it so. ' Mr. Stewart : Misre ported again, f, The Secretary von Public Lands : No, I » am not. I am never iiiitrrv|>ortcd ; tho other V. people say I nm. f , V Mr. GROOM : Looking at tho Treasurer's ! « ' ablcs I find that the rent of runs in 18A5-0 amounted to 4310, 8311, while the amount received : ; feom the samo source for 1S1HJ-7 was 4327,130, n iminution of .£13,U0o. Mr. Leahy : Look at the map on tho wall and !Q the area of forfeited country. That explains Mr. GROOM : A great deal has been said about that forfeited country ; probably a great Adeal more than was necessary has been made of it. Mr. Leahy: It is there. Mr. GIIOOM : It is, and I am very sorry to see it tiiere ; but. as tho hon. member for Carpentaria reminds me, it is being used, and tho Crown is receiving no revenue from it. It is estimated that the amount, received from rents of runs during !S;»7iS will be .£330,101), an increase of L'3,000 on the revenue from this source for the financial year which has just closed. If further reductions in rents are to take place— and I tako it that is tho teuur of the rumarks of the lion, member for Bulloo— that wo must go in for lower rentals for the country Mr. Leahy : For the Western country. Mr. GIIOOM: For the Western country, but if the proposal applies there it applies also to other xirttoris of the country. There are jxir- tioiisofthe country where in spots the land Is magnificent, and a little way olf it is as bad as any of tho Western country. Mr. Leahy : The Western country is not bad— it Is the want of rainfall. Mr. G ROOM : The want of rainfall applies equally to the other portions of the country to which I refer, as .speaking from memory the rainfall in some of those places is not so largo as in tho Western country to which the hon. mem ber refers. However, what I was saying was that in considering a Land Bill, hnwover much we may desire to bo liberal in offering land on reasonable) terms— and no one is a stronger advo cate of tlmt thnn myself— still we cannot dismiss from our consideration the fact that tho Innd is a source of revenue at present, ami any attempt to diminish the revenue from this source must result In u proposal for additional taxation. Where N it to cmue from! From what source? Those are questions which must be con sidered when it is urged with ability and force— with almost irresistible force— as by the lion, member for Bulloo, that a reduction in rents Blumld tako place. We should be extremely careful in dealing with the question, and bear in mind that there aro two sides to it. The hon. mcmbur for Bulloo, charged with certain duties in this House, has placed before us the views of those ho represents, and it is the duty of town members to look to the moplo's interests on the question and ask if the colony is receiving a fair and reasonable revenue from its lauds, or if the grounds made out for a reduction of rents are reasonable. My opinion is tlmt the reductions have gone as far as they can reasonably go— that to go nny further in that direction would be a positive calamity. Mr. Leaiiy : I spoke of reductions only in the extreme West and North. Mr. GROOM : I know tho parts to which tho hon. gentleman referred, and 1 have noticed how his remarks have been taken up by the Press in different parts of the colony, and ho will excuse me for saying that I am voicing not only my own opinions on tho subject, but the opinions of others who have rend tho hon. gentleman's speech, and tho conclusions they liave drawn from the argumotits he advanced. Of course, dealing with the Bill nt this stage, it is not in accordance with parliamentary procedure to refer to the clauses seriatim, but to tho prin ciples of tho Bill as shadowed forth by the hon. gentleman who introduced it. Tho first innovation promised in tho BUI is in the consti tution of the Land Court. When the Land Board was incorporated in the Act of 1881 1 was not an admiror of it, and 1 entertained an opinion then on tho subject which I hnd entertained for some years previously. To refresh my memory I havo looked tip the debates on tho Land Act of 1SI»8, introduced by Mr. Kdward Lamb, and on tho Act of 1873, to note the points argued hy speakers then on some of tho clauses introduced in this Bill. I have always been of the opinion— ami my opinion is unchanged now— that the estab lishment of local lam! hoards in various districts of the colony is one of the best solutions of the difficulties of land settlement. When I visited New South Wales with my colleagues on the Land Commission and examined the Under Secretary for Lands there, I ascertained from him how well local land boards hnd worked in tlmt colony, and his opinion was tlmt their abolition at tho present timo would be a public calamity. I havo seen tho working of one of those land boards at Bourke, and I was exceed- ingly pleased at tho way the work was conducted there. I admit thnt it mny he argued forcibly from one jsiint of view, that tho establishment of local land boards will lead to a large increase in thu cost of administration, Tho Skciietauy kou Public Lands : Hear, hear! Mr. GROOM : But then aro other things to he taken Into consideration besides the cost of administration. Tho confidence of the public is worth some little increased cost in administra tion, Thero are thirteen local land boards in New South Wales, and the total expenditure amounts to -£ ID,-fOO. Tho Skuuktauy koii Public Lands : Our whole expenditure is only £70,300, including the Survey Office. Mr. GROOM j But 1 am not advocating thirteen land hoards, or tho appointment of gentlemen in charge of them at higii salaries with two assessors for each division of the board's district, as they have in Now .South Wales. Wo were informed privately tlmt the constitution of tho boards thero wax under serious consideration with a view possibly to having only one member on each board. Thu Secretary koii Public Lands: Hear, hear ! Mr. GROOM : If it bo possible to establish local land boards in various districts with, as chairman, n trusted public officer who would have the confidence of the Government and of this House, it would be a public advantage. It was the opinion of tho authors of the Land Act of 188-1, thnt, owing to the nptxrinttnent of the Land Board us established under thnt Act, the rents from pastoral lands iu this colony would reach a million sterling. And wo know how grievously they havo been disappointed. In ptaco of n million of money it has euinu to something like £330,000. It was tho opinion of everyone then that tho lauds were under-valued, and that tho colony sustained injustice in consequence. That is one of tho points I wish to emphasise in saying that beforo wo attempt tu introduce any amendment which may havo the effect of reducing the rents of our pastoral lands, and thus hampering the Govern ment, wo should exercise extreme caution. It is nvident to nm from what I have seen tlmt how- ever anxious tho Laud Board may he to discharge its functions it 1ms outlived its usefulness, and thero is necessity for a change. Hots it not appear absurd that two mcmbors of the Laud Board should take about two or three weeks to investi gate tho horn n'ffe.i or otherwise of twenty or thirty applicants at Hughemlcii, and then come back to Longreneh and spend about ten days investigating other claims, and during that timo the whole work of tho colony in respect to tho Laud Board was accumulating in their office in Brisbane, and nobody thero to deal with it. Further than that, wo found many complaints iu outlying districts of grazing farmers whoso applications were something like eight, ten, twelve, fifteen, or oven eighteen months waiting for confirmation. There was one particular cauo in which two selectors took up 20,000 acres each, and entered into a contract to have a bore put down on the selection at a cost of .£-1,000. when ft occurred to them whether thoy would be justified In spending the money beforo thoy had got a title. They went to the land agent at Wintou and asked him to wire to Brisbane to know the cause of the delay; thoy also put themselves iu commimication with the mem ber for tho district, Mr. Corlteld, but thoy received no answer as to the cause. In sheer despair one of them emtio and stated tho whole case to the commissioners to sue whether any redress could bo got, and we suggested that he should wire the wholo of tho circumstances to the Minister for Lands. When we camo back to Brisbane and examined the Surveyor-General, wo traced tho delay to tho accumulated work in tho Land Board oflico. The Secretary koii Public Lands: Was there n delay of eighteen months? Mr. GROOM: I think it was eight months. But there was evidence given of delays of six, eighty twelve, and, iu one or two cases, eighteen Tho Secretary roit Puuliu Lands: Was not that where the land was cuxm before survey ? Mr. GROOM : Yes. Perhaps I should, in justice to tho parties, say that in all cases where delays arose in the confirmation paixsr it was when tho land was selected before survey ; and hcncoonr recommendation that there should he branch survey offices in various places. Kvery possible facility should bo given to poople to got on thu land immediately ft has been selected, and thu selector should be at liberty tu take jwwscsrion directly his application has been con firmed by the local land commissioner. How often were wo told by inon tlmt before they could enter upon the land they' must get the confirma tion of tho Land Board, and when t(my went to the lessee and said, "Wo want permission to put our sheep on the land we havo selected," tlmt permission was withheld; In tho meantime the whole of the stock of thu pastoral lessee was put on tho land and tho grass eaten off, nud when they took possession the grass had nil been consumed. If tho hon. gentleman can amend such a state of nffan-s lie is going in tho right direction, and it should bo tho duty of this Huuso to help him. I have already said that the Laud Board has out lived its usefulness, mid that a change is abso lutely necmsary. What that change should bo tho commissioners intimated in their report, and the Minister 1ms, come down with a measure which in a modified form embodies their recom mendation. He amends it by the nptwintment of a fourth member of thu Laud Hoard, who is to he a District Court judge. My opinion is that one member of thu Land Board should imiuiiiiu «uu iMiruitTii mm one uiu v;eutrai Dis tricts, and another the Southern district. .Thoy should go from place to place. Mr. Murray: Should they not reside in tho different districts? Mr. GROOM : Nn doubt there is a good deal to be said on tlmt side of the question ; but the evidence of Mr. Houston was that it was the object of tho Department of Lands in his colony to bring the board as near as possible to the selector, so that persons taking up land should not be put to unnecessary delay or expense ; and 1 tun of opinion that the itinerancy principle is a sound one, Tho hon. gentleman innv havo his three memliers of tho 1-and Board iu tho way lie suggests, but ho has not been quite so clear as I should like in his rlnmn fisto what particular functions thu individual members of the board are to discharge in the districts where they go. Tho Seciietahy fob Public Lands: Thnt is clear ouougli, Mr. GROOM: I am not so sure thnt It is. I have always strongly resisted, and always will resist what is called "government by regulations." I think this Parliament and this Chamber should decide matters iu con nection witli land administration particu larly, and that it should not he left to regulations. The Crown lands regulations iu New South Wales number 335 clauses, and those regulations arc mudo under an Act which contains only seventy-five clauses. I refer to that fact, because the duties of tho local land boards, as well as tho duties of the land appeal court in that colony, aro defined in the regula tions. In thu provision iu this Bill relating tu the Land Court, it is left somewhat indefinite as to thu duties tho board have to discharge. I should prefer that this House should define what duties the members of the Land Court shall per. form iu the different parts of the colony which they visit. Then the nppcal court could cotno in tho way thu hun, gentleman has set forth. In order that thu uhnirman of the appeal court in Now South Wales imy be, "like Csesnr's wife, above suspicion," ho is xdd tho handsome salary of .£2,000 a year. I observe that tho chairman of the Land Court in this colony is not to receive any higher salarv than the other members of the court ; whether thnt is a right courso to udupt is for hon. members to decide. The hon. member for Bulloo called attention, and I think correctly ao. to the anomalous position in which pastoral tenants will be placed who have secured their leases under tho Act of 188 1. As he pointed out. when the tiuiu for the reupprui-emeut of rone arrives the)' will have to deal with nil eutiroly now board or tribunal, and there is something in his argument mi thnt point which is deserving of consideration when wo go Into committee. I admit thnt until I read tho hon. member's speech the matter did not strike me with so much force, and he has douu right iu calling attention to it. With regard to tho constitution of the court, when wo get into committee perhaps we shall bo able to mould it in such a manner as to meet tho wishes of thu non. momber, and nt the same time satisfy what I believe to he tho desire of the colony. I believe that the Secretary for Lands is not in favour of local land boards; but still I think there is something in tho contention thnt such boards should be established— not thirteen, as thero are iu New South Wales ; wo should not want so many In Queensland. The Skciietauy kou Public Lands : You would want more with our lurger area. Mr. GROOM: Neither the population nor tho roventte would warrant that number, but there aro certain well-defined districts where I believe that local administration would be attended with the very best results. The him. member for Burnett called attention this alteration, and very correctly so, to what has been done in the past with regard to settling >eonle on land said to bo agricultural land, but which has been discovered to be utterly unfitted for agriculture. Who tho gentlemen were who classified that laud as agri cultural, and marked out those beautiful agri cultural farms, as they wero calleJ, no one naa been able to discover. The Skciietauy kou Public Lands: "Agri cultural farms" is u inero name. Mr. GROOM : I am speaking now of what tho linn, member for Burnett said with regard to tho. need for u proper classification of the land, and I contend that it is in tho classification of land for agricultural and grazing purposes where local laud administration would come in with good effect. Before passing away from tho constitu tion of the Land Court I may say that tho speech delivered by the hon. member for Bulloo the other ovening was not in vain, for howevurinuclt wo may differ from him with regard to the reduc tion of pastoral rents, wo must admit that in certain respects he established very good and sound reasons why this Huuso should taku seriously into consideration the position of the itastornl lessees under thu Act of 1884. who will bo required to submit to having their rents reap praised by a now tribunal created iu 18!>7 ; and I urn sure lie will have the assistance of hon. mem bers who have devoted their attention to this matter. The Secretary for Lands projwses to adopt a plan with regard to grazing farms, which I think will prove a satisfactory uno. I know that there aro a great in-my persons who think that 20,000 acres is too largo an area for u grazing farm, and 1 coiiicm that beforo I entered upon my duties as a member of the Land Commission-, 1 was one of those who held that opinion. Bub I have come to modify that opinion to a certain ex tent, for from what I have seen I aui perfectly sure that there are certain districts whore 20, (KM) acres arc not moro than sufficient to enablo a man to make a living as a grazing farmer, lhero are other districts— and, us thu lion, memlier for Burnett minted out, this is whoro land classification w necessary— where 5,000 acres would prohahly ho of more value than -10,000 acres in another locality; and there nro other places where 10,000 acres would be quite sufficient. Therefore I consider that tbo Minister has taken a wise course in giving thu Governor in Council authority, when declaring grazing farms opeu to selection, to nay due regard to tho knowledge which they have through Ihefr officers as to tho conditions of thu locality with respect to railway communication, to water, to the quality of the laud, and so forth, and to define iu thapro- clamation the areas in which tho land shaft bo available for selection. I am nob ono of those who would mislead thu House or the country by saying that grazing farms have fK-eu a success in the past. My opinion, based on personal observa tion and on the evidence of the men themselves, is Ml0 8y?fe,n very much in an experimental stage yet. Thero was one mall who admitted tlmt hu made £2,000 on his selection in ono year ; but how didjio make it? He went to the neighbour ing station, bought shorn sheep there, fattened them on his selection, and thou sold them to thu best advantage, repeating that proceeding until he nmdu £2,00o in tho year. Of courso be had good country. But thorn arc other men who" have gone in for grazing farms, and have been remarkably unsucce-sfuL Two brothers took up 40,000 acres— 20,000 acres each — iu tho dis trict represented by the hon. member for Bulloo. on thu Bulloo resumption. They stated that tlicy look up that land in consequence of the glowing reports thoy hud heard <£ thu success of the pastoral tenants on Bulloo Run, but unfor tunately for them they lost everything, mid their selections are now, m far as they know, forfeited. Mb. Leahy : And they spent a great deal of enpitnl on it. Mr. GROOM: Yes, I believe they spent between .£3,000 and 44 000. Mr. Keiiu : "Were they practical men? Mr. GROOM: This young man showed that thoy were practical, and In- -aid that notwith standing thu disasters which had over taken him if tins Government would only give him 10,000 acres ut a very reduced rental lit! would make another effort. When a una -ay- liiat y»u can consider him tho right kind of man to settle on the land, From having met the man ami heard his evidence I am Mire Im vva- a practical man, ami I am note the (Jommissioncrs as a body re gretted the ml-f«U'l»miM which had overtaken him. The grazing farm system is as yet only in an experimental stage, and perhaps by-und-by as the grazing farmers ineren«o in number there may bu such competition among them for stock that they will divide their holdings intopadiiocks and become breeders tlmmselves. As soon as that takes place it will bo seen whether grazing farmers are likely tobn a succes-. Mr. Ml'HiiAY : Most of them are doing that Mr. GROOM : Not most .»f them. I know- that some of them nio : but that is the opinion 1 formed. 1 believe the system to ho a good one. Mr. Dnttoii knew perfectly well what hcvvnsnbout in IKS-1 in intioduchtg the grazing farm -ystum in his Land Act, but unfortunately a great many inuinhcrs who wore in the Ibui-c in JSSI did not understand the man and probably had not much knowledge of the country. 1 notice, however, that a good umtiv of tho-u who opposed thu Hill in ItWI are now the holders of grazing farms, so that there can be no doubt that seme of those who were opposed to the JJill had their eyes open to the value of the system and took advantage of it. I compliment the Secretary for Lands on thu Hystem he has adopted, and I hojw that it will be carried out in a broad and liberal spirit. When I say that I mean this :— A selector, I think it win at Emerald, said in his evidence boforo the commission that out of 28, (MM) acres in Ids selection then were only 51,000 acres of good land, and that he would gladly give thu remain ing 11,000 acres to anyone who would take it; but that man has to pay thu same rental for the 1 1 ,000 acres of iudilTurent hind that he has to pay for thu 0,000 acres of good land. There, again, com oh in the necessity for classification. Every grazing farm should Im classified by an export who knows tbc country. The Skuuktauy roit l'rm.ic Lands: For tho last twelve months It has been -so. Mr. GROOM; I am very pleased to hear the lion, gentlemau say so, but there have been grievous mistakes made in the past. My opinion is thai uvury grazing farm should be examined ami reported upon so that the selector will know exactly tlm class of country he is taking up. I. now cumu to tho other class of selectors. Tint lion, gentleman proposes to have graduated classes of homestead selectors. Then; is the lioiuc.steid of 188 acres at 11 an acre, tho home stead of 828 acres at I'm. an acre, ami tho 810 aero homestead at lbs, an acre. I would like the lion, gentleman to modify his opinions in this respect very greatly indeed. The first Act under which homestead selection took piaco was the Act of bSIIS. Mr. Kkdum : There was moie land taken up under that Act than under any other. Mr. GROOM : What the lion, member says is quite true. In the four years— b-tweun 1S8S and J87-— there were 8,5 I" homestead selections taken up. In 187- the lion, .1. Mnlbon Thomson intro duced an amending Hill increasing the area to 820 acres, and over l,iU0selcet<>rs took advantage of tiint Act. Some of the very l»est farmcrH in uiy district ami in the district of the hou. mem ber for Cunningham took lip 820 acres under the AcLof 1S72, which gave theiu not only land to cultivate but a grazing area as well. These inun are to-day perfectly imlu)»ciidcnt. There nru ninny farmers in my district and in tho district of the lion, member for Cam- liuova— i speak of Grccnmnunt — wlm are nhhi to couto into to a h with their cheque-books in their |K>ckeU and pay cash, getting a discuunt for cash. These men are Home of the best colo nists we have, and they havo trapping families na well. What magic is tlu-rc in lUO acres? Have tho times altered sous to make 820 ncre.s an unsuitable area ? Witli the single exception, I«rhaps, of the Athcrlun district, the general consensus of opinion of tho settlers in every district that the commission visited was Unit W0 acres was not sufficient for the altered con- ditious of selectors. In thu Alhertou district 110 acres would, from the exuberance of growth in tho tropics, be of more value than ii40 acres in another |>ortion of tho colony. The Skchktaiiy foii I'um.io Lands: I know wen who are making X800 a year off fifty acres. Mr. GROOM : That is quite possible. I could take the hen. gentleman to one or two man in my district who are making .1100 and A500a year off ten acres, but that is became they go in for intense cultivation, which is not jswsiblc in thu districts 1 refer to. For example, one gentleman gave evidence before thu commission m Maryborough, oil buhnlf of the Wide Hay Agri cultural and I'ustoral Association. Ho was a 1 practical fanner of thirty years' standing, and ho was also carrying on the business of ucommission agent, and was therefore likely to be acquainted with thu condition of the farmers in the district. When ho was a-koii what wns their condition, ho replied, " Paupera. That is straight, isn't it?" Though such a statement, perhaps, should not im accepted as truth throughout, it was thu truth from thu point of view of the witness himself. Hundreds of these men have been induced to taku up land as agricultural which was only tit for grazing, although it was called agricultural, and their returns from such inferior laud liave been so .small that the holders can do no more than make a baru living. Whatever facilities may be offered to those who are induced to comu here by tho pRrsiuisivo eloquence of thu agents who mi) at present in England, we are b»uiul in jueficu In hetb'r the condition <-f the meit who have already taken up land, and wo can increase the nreavvhich they can hold from 180 to 820 acres, and in inlermr country we can even give them 8 10 acres. That will he a substantial Ir-iicHi to them. The land will not run away, an. I the men are there with their families ready to take it up. Why, it is a sight in the L'auiboo.va electorate in thu early morning to see forty or fifty carls travel ling along the road with their mill; can- to the various cre.iinerir- J That is an industry which is adapted ton Inge part of this country, and which de.wrvo- every encouragement, l' have believed for a long time that our tanners have been growing too much hor-e feed, -riliiii maize at 8J. per bushel and hay at XI per ton, when if they established butter and oheo.-e factories they would get -Is. per bushel fur their maize, ami XI or 15 per ton for their hnv. This industry has Income one of thu great staple ituhistrie- of Victoria, and we .should endeavour to put it on the -atue uniting here, and put our graces to a profitable u-e. The lion, gentleman talks about selling land at AM an acre, f am one of those who believe that the constant alteration of thu price of our land lias the effect of unsettling pcopie and reducing the value of their securities when they require to borrow. When thu Special Sales of Land Act was passed, and the Government were authorised to sell laud nt 10s. an acre, when others had paid 12 and A3 an acre, it was argued that a blow was struck at the -ccuri- ties of many farmers, and they havo not yet recovered from it. 1 am therefore not anxious that anything should he done which will havo the effect of reducing the value of securities, but at thu same limn I say when you take into con-iilcratioii the class of laud which L open for selection in the settled districts more particularly— the refuse that has hocn picked over and over for the last thirty year.-— no one can say that what is left in of tho value which the lion, gentleman proposes to put upon it. The Skcuktaiiv roll lTiii.n.' Lands: Ten shillings is the minimum. Mr. GROOM : That is for IMO acres. The Skcuktahy con lTiu.io Lands: No; it iiuuil not be ho. If a man gels the eruaiu of tho country he ought to be satisfied with Ilio acres. Mr. GROOM: Yea, hut docs he gut the cream of tlie country? Snpj«wing land was open for election on the Rrisbanc River at the pri-senl time forty acres would hu ample. Thu SKcmrrAuv fok Ft'W.ic Lands: That would prnltably be valued al A3. Mr. G ROOM : I want to call attention to thu fact that in thu evidence taken at Maryborough and llundaburg it was clearly |H>iutcd out tint tho lx>st of thu country has all been selected, am! what is now left is all inferior land which no one will taku up in tOO-uere blocks. The witnus«o- wcro asked whether if thu Guvurnuiuut increu-ud thu area they thought the laud would be taken up, and the unsworn wcruthut cvuiy bit would be taken up. Even thu gentleman who yuvu thu lugubrious account of tho 180-acre selectors being paujKjrs admitted that if thu urea was increased u large additional area would Ihj taken up. I attach iiiqHirtniice to tilts, because the Canadian Government tiro offering every |xis-ib!u facility, which, perhaps this colony cannot offer, to induce a steady flow of immigration to the Dominion, and no oneenn doubt thu succo.-s of their efforts. There is u continuous How of immigration to Canada nt thu rate of 25,100 or 80,080 people pur annum, and one can very well estimate thu prosperous condition of a country under such circumstance-. Sir Wilfred Laurier, in his recent speeches in England, emphasised thu fact that he was pic- oared to give 180 acres to every head of a family. The immigrants have to pay their own passages, it is true, but with the competition uumug-L the steamship companies the passage i- tint more than A'2 10s. at thu very outside, and they have tliis further advantage : that if things are not -o rosy and bright as they have been pictured Un people can go back again, it is not so if they come to the Australian colonic-. The distance out here is very great, and if wo want to attract people to fins colony wo uiu-t olfur them special inducements to comu hen. 1 admit that our hind lavvs uru liberal. < )nc hundred and sixty actus nt 2s. (LI. in five years you cannot no| improve upon, provided thu laud is attain able in localities whims men can make a living out of it. While on this point i may mention that tho hon. gentleman is in favour, i la-lieve, of selectors uho hutu got eighty acres adding to thuir selections, and making them 180 acres, with thu two-mile limitation. Well, what magic is there in two miles ? The SmitCTAiiv ton I'uiu.m Lands : I do not think 1 ever said I was wedded to the two miles. Mr. GROOM: I am ghul to hear thu Imn. gentleman say that. That relievos the provision in the Rill of one grave objection. I do nut think that distance ought to Ire taken into account, pro vided thu land is utilised. Now, there i.- another rucDunuuudutinn of thu commissiim which has liuuu ignored— namely, that youths of sixteen shall be allowed to select. Mr. Danjki.s: Why not girls? Mr. GROOM : That is a matter for considera tion. All thu other colonies have adopted the age of sixteen, and I want to know why Queens land stands out for eighteen ? dust let me |>omt out what an nlisurdity it seem-. W« have sent home to Kngluml gentlemen to induce immi grants to come to the colony. Take as an illustration a man who comes out here with two Kous each over thu ago of eighteen. They are entitled when they come hero to take up 180 acres of land. On tho other hand, here is a farmer living in thu colony, a man who has assisted to hnihl up Queensland ami maku it what it is. I lo has two sons ; one may be sixteen ami the other seventeen, and they must stand aside and see the two strangers take up home steads which they cannot take up. Tho Skohktahy KOli I'inu.io Lands: He might have another twelve years of age. Mr. GROOM: Make It twelve if yen like. This is what I want to refer to : You say to u youth who has attained the age of fourteen vcars that lie must cease attending the State school ; that lie must go and earn his own living. Give him the two years between fourteen and sixteen to gain experience on ins father's farm, and why after that experience should heimt he allowed to take up a homestead for himself? I elve the Imn. gentleman due notice that in committee I shall endeavour to amend that clause by making the age sixteen yeuis, and 1 hope he will otfer no opposition to it. 1 hope hu will agree to get into line with thu other colonies, and give the native youths an ujqHirtmiity to take advantage of facilities for settling on the laud. 1 think they will take advantage of it, and I would twenty thousand times rather see them do m» than have them pestering members of Railinmcnt to get theiu into )H>-ition- in the l'olico Force or as porters on the railways. The Skchktaiiy rou I'nu.ic Lands: Surely they do not apply at sixteen to get into the police ? Mr. D.\nikl->: They apply at sixteen to get into the Railway Department a- el"iucrs ami porters. Mr. GROOM: Anything rather than go on the hind. In fact, they cannot get the lumi. Mr. Lkahy : They have no funds. Mr. G ROOM : Then their fa'lmr- can provide funds fur them. 1 hope this lluu-e, while the Rill is going through committee, will make an alteration in that icapeet— so that it shall no longer he a crime for a father to help hi- sons to settle on the latul Honoiiiaiii.k Mk.mukus : Hear, hear 1 Mr. GROOM : 1 think 1 have had a- much experience, in yearn gone by, of the evil- of dummying as any member of this House, but 1 I do not think it exists to any large extent at the prment time. I admit that there is extreme competition for grazing fatms at thu pre.-ent time, and that brings me to (he trnxt point I desire to notice in the Rill. The Imn. gcutloinau iii\qio.-u- the sealed tend' for thu ballot. Thirteen witnos-os were examined on that point I by tho coumii— ionors, including Mr.# Houston, , the I'mler .Secretary for hands in New South i Wales. I admit that thu question of sealed : n-uders was not exactly put before them, but the i que.-tiou of auction as against ballot was, and t th-.-ru was u com-um-us of opinion against it. | Tho Kkcuktahy ron Fniuu Land.- : That j is quite another thing. Mr. GROOM: It was admitted that in New South Wales thu question had not been con sidered, and that while thu ballot hud been complained of it bad been found diliicuit to suggest anything butter. Thu .Sjx'iurrAiiY rou ITm.ii: Lands: They had 18,000 applications for 800 farms in New .South Wales. Mr. GROOM That was at Cowrara. Thu town was literally besieged by the applicants, who for want of accommodation had to sleep in thu streets. Of cour-c, there is a good deal to bo said on the question. It may ls> said that under tho system of sealed tenders the Crmvn will get a fair rent for the land. On the other hand, thcro is the danger that tho smaller n.nn will always be outbid. That is the fear 1 have. I recall what one witness, Mr. Arm-trong, of Charle- villc, I tidal;, said on the question. He said that by a sealed tender he might nlFur -Id. or "ni. pur acre for land, because for tqs:cial reasons ho might want to get imisscssuui of it, nud then when tim runt of adjoining selections came to be appraised by the Laud Ruutd tlmy would say that so-and-so bad paid 5d. jver acre for his land, nud they would appruise tho ndjoining laud ut the same value. Tho tfmtKTAitY koh Ft'ituo Lands: Surely they would lie able to discriminate? Mr. GROOM: I give the statement of a practical selector who has got 15,800 acres «»f land and does not want any more. He represented an association at Clinrlcville, and those were his words as to the danger which might accrue from the operation of the sealed tender system. The matter is onu that will no douht receive every consideration in committee. The provisions which thu hon. gentleman has intnxluced to put down cla-hurs may or may nut he successful. I believe that resilience should be a condition. If live years' te-ideuco is insisted upon as a con dition for grazing farm selection there will not be so many applications in the future as there have been in thu pitst, i do not think thu -peculator will appear then. I think, too, thu hou. gentleman is right in providing that a peixm wlm ha- seemed one suleetiou should not lie permitted to apply for another within a cer tain period. When I was at lltigiiemlen 1 had a li-t supplied to me of tho 182 applicants who there applied for farms at onu court, and al-o a local newspaper report of a meeting held a few hours after thu ballot by the disappointed appli cants. The remarks made by n Mr. Rell, a Victorian, ami one of thu disappointed ap plicants, stntL'k mo as being u-ry pertinent. Hu stated that he was in blissful igimruucu of the working of the ballot in Queensland. Ho had put in onu application for a farm with his own money, and he found there were several others who Imd put in a dozen applica tions for thu Kitne farm. It was understood that Richmond Downs and Cambridge Downs lands were shortly to he thrown open, and he nsktil what guarantee there was that if he came hack from Yictoiia in three months hu would not tiiul the same men again in competition with him at tho ballot, ami even some who Imd hucti success ful, but who in the meantime might have parted with their selections nud bu again applicants for ntiothur in cuinpntitiou witli him? Tho .SKcmrrAUY Kim I'unuu Lands : That could not lie. Mr. GROOM : When persons havo madu up thuir minds to take up laud no douht they will succeed in doing it if thoy can, but the question for Parliament to decide is whether, whun it is prti|Kisetl to uliaugo onu tenant for another, the new tenant who gets an advan tage in a thirty years' lease, though his rent may he higher, shall not at least show that he is a l«nn't jiifr settler— tlmt hu is not holding it merely for the purpose of speculation. I am convinced that in many enses nomted out to me land 1ms been taken up entirely forsiieculative purposes. At Hughcnden, one family that iqqieared on the list of selections for something like 22,080 acres were greedy enough to lie included amongst the 182 applicants for laud, but 1 am glad to say they were not -ucccssful. I think they should havo been satislu-d and let somebody else have a turn. I say that thu larger number of people you can get into this colony the better it will he, and the more you can get of the character of Mr. Rell, who applied for laud at lluglienden, the bettor it will he for the colony. According to the evidence given to us, the afiplicants included plenty of uncles, cousins, and aunts, just as in Now South Wales, not only nephews, hut the sweethearts of nephews, were allowed lo put in applications. Mr. Chomujk : Why not? Mr. GROOM: Then fount jttlv selectors would be shut out altogether, and it is our duty to pro tect them and give them every assistance in settling on the land. There is another thing 1 should like to see in the 1311), hut I do not know whether the hon. gentleman would allow it. 1 would like to see jKiwer given to the present holders of 1, 280-aere agricultural farms to beeomo grazing farmers. 1 think the hon. member for Riilhio -tated tlmt he had presented a petition on behalf of tho lion, member for Wnrrcco from sixty-three selectors, ami 1 understood him lo say that those selectors were not dissatisfied with their present tenure. The opimou given l»y those whom tlm-e selectors deputed to come before tho commission was that they would prefer to Imvc their-eleetion- nmdcgrozmg farms, as tho hind was not tit foranythingelse. Their leader stattd that agriculture at Churlevilh' was u failure ; that thu men who held agricultural farms there obtained a living from being carriers and from agi-tment, and they thought tlwy might very well come under the grazing elnu-es of the Act. I do nut think there could tic much uhjtcLmu to that. Whether the laud i- suited for agriculture or not i- a que-tion 1 iiuiimt determine; all I can -ay i- that 1 should l«; sorry to see any_ farmer- who de-ire to make a living on their farm- placed up-n that laud. Mr. CltOMJin: : Tt was gazetted as agricultural land. Mr. GKt.lOM : That raises the question uf c'm— iticatioii. That- land ought imt to have been gazetted a- agricultural lain), because it is tit for nothing hut grazing piir|H>n-s. The Skckktaky koi: Ftui.ii; Lands: "Agri cultural farm" only means conditional pmt-im-e, Mr. GROOM: I will give the case of one of those holders, and 1 may say that wlmt applici to Roma applies to Cimtjeville. Here i thu owner of a 1,28-acre agricultural farm at Rom:i who ns-uced tho commission that ids taxes alone in addition to ids rent amounted to Qd. per acre per annum. As-ked by tho hon. member fuc Normauhy how lie made that amount up, lie <;; replitd— I have lo priy Jit. :m tn-re to lln< ilivMoual hoiml. nti-l the in:n>U|iiiil tax l'-. (M. I">>r twenty It I of entile or oi-hee|i. It an ucrieultural farm I'ltlTleil -'»> -hcr|i— tui'l that i- I'Ultlnc it very hizh- tlie tax wnuM tie i.1. Then the rabbit tux b her twenty Iiuuil of oaltle or '"i sheen— tlmt is .W. Altocctlu r the taxe- ooine to AT. or about I ami that leaves out the im ut ami dairy tux ami the ili-ease- in stork tux. The ertst of tukiiuui' l.'J-'iarrrs nail starting business is luiiMut a very low estimate ; ami if a |»erso» lias to pay interest ott it ami fay his rates ami taxes as well, It i- liiqiosihlo for him to ttiuku a iivlnc. In a season like Hie present every farmer with l.li-n notes will go to the wall unless -ouie relief is given in the new h tml Kill. Then hu was asked whether he meant to say that a reduction iuthcrcnts would improve the position J vury much, and he replied — v.' It would ittqirovn tt, Imt It would not ;<i to the root ofthu thing, becutiso the Crown imls a tletltlous rtiltio tqion the laud, and no one would totteli our seemity. 1 have held my selection now Tor sixteen years, and I am prepared to taku my oath that if I went to the hank I could not gel a |H>imy on It. Then thu t'rowu has uonu hack upon what It has done l»y reducing the price, rent, and conditions for later selectors, white the high price and rent of the original -elector- have Ikumi kept tip. Thcro is the unvnrnitdied tale of otic of those 1,280-ncro men ; and if the hun. gentlemau can give those men relief in tho direction I have intimated, or let them have, as the hon. member for Dnlby suggestf, 810 acres on one term ami 810 acres on another, so as to give them an op|K)rtuuity of retrieving themselves, he will be acting in accordance witli the evidence collected by tho commission. And I rc-tK-ctfully ask you, Sir, what was the u-e of gentleman going tof? different places taking this evidence and seeing \| for themselves the niethud in which the land laws operate and making you and the House acquainted with the re-ult of their luve- tigatioux if nothing is to he done? Thu Skchktaiiy fou I'l'io.ic Lands : Are thoso selectors disinterested, do you think ? Mr. GROOM : I would bo very sorry to think that they would comu before us with untruths on their Hps. Mr. Lkahy: Is any person absolutely disin terested ? Mr. GROOM : These men are no more in- teiested than others wlm art? concerned in laud legislation. If I were to say that the speech delivered by the hon. member for Rullou tho other evening, eloquent as it was front his -tunc!- /- point, was a very interested speech, I should very properly he called to order and he told that I was imputing improper motives to the Imn. member ; nud if von would imt impute improja-r motive- to a member in this lloit-e in advocating his own opinions, why should you impute improper motives to the vvitne— es who gave evidence before thu eon. mission ? The Skchktaiiy koi: 1'ntuc Lands: T did not impute improper motives ; simply -aid they were intetested parties. Mr. GROOM: Thu Mr. Raskin to whom I refer was the representative of a great many J others ; hu wild ho was deputed to represent four J or five local bodies who hud formed themselves I into farming associations. 1 Tho Skchktahy foh l'l'iu.n: Lands: All of J whom wanted to get relief if they could ; to get A it whother they deserved it or not. 1 Mr. GROOM : They requested relief, just the 1 Kuue us some other suluclurs asked the com missioners to get theui relief from the mui-ttptal 1 pest which eats up all the crops they put in the ground. Those selector naked the eommi-sioii to see if they could not get thu Government to supply them with wire-netting nil thu -ante terms as it is supplied to land- holders in tho rabbit-infested di-tricts. And surely when you find that men are not realising their ex|>ectuttous, if you can give them relief in some way thero is no hnmt in doing tlmt. I dn not say that ; farmers should cottto here ami say, " \\\ e have made n had bargain, and It should be cancelled," or say tlmt they should have relief because they 8 have taken up certain farms hi the West, and it -1 has not i>aid. Rut at the sum- time we know ' that sjneo 18118 there has been a remarkable j depreciation in tho value of lauded property ' throughout tho colony, and ns these tneti havo suffered very much it would not lie an improper thing to afford them reasonable relief. One wit- tioss in the Roma district was asked whether if the Agricultural Isituls I'nrcha-u Act was ex tended to his district it would do any good, lie replied, " Yes, I think It would." Asked as to the price the laud would sell! for if purchased by tho Government, ho said he did not think it would sell for more than AT 10s. per acre. Yet the Government could not buy the latul of which tho wltne-s spoke for Al 10s. an acre. It was beautiful laud ; you could not get it for A2 an acre. I mention that incident simply to show tho remarkable depreciation which has taken - place in the value of property since the crisis of \i 1S5I8. Those 1,280-ucro men, itoth at CharlevjRe and Roma, as well as in other parts of the colony, ore necessarily suffering from tlmt depre ciation, and if thu lion, gentleman can introduce a clause in this Rill which will unable tlium to bring their lands under tho grazing farm con ditions he will ho gjvittg them sub- tantiui relief, and I do nut think it would cause any serious lo-s to tho colony. At Rockhumpton." which is a different district altogether, we Imd another illustration of the anomalies in connection with agricultural farms. A witness there stated tlmt ho was the owner of an agricultural farm for which hu was paying (Id. pn acre per annum rent, while tho rent for u grazing farm which was separated from him by only a road was /«. Ud. per acre, and his Inmt was not so good v us that across the road. Then, as an hon. member reminds me, his divisional boaid rates would bu hieher than those paid by the man who was charged only Ud. per acre rent. .Such things are anomalies wirieb should receive our con-idorutmn, and we should a- far as possible us-lst tho-o people whom We have invited h> settle mi the land and who ate there now. We should help tla-nt in every way. wo can and eudeavour to keep theiu there. It'js as much our duty to keep those i»eople on the land, and thu- enable them to give emp!i<vm>-nt to others, as it is to .-end -picinl unii-suie- to England to induce -Rangers to conn; here, who > would probably ten bu in the colony more than V two or three weeks before they would be dissatisfied nud go to other places. 1 shall nut detain the Hou.-e any longer. I promi>o the Minister my :o,«i-tutii< in making. as I know it is his sincere de-ire to make, this Rill a really good it lea- tue tlmt will be serviceable to the colony. If the hon. gentleman i- amenable to J reason ho will accept suggestions from members on both sides of tlio i louse who know the require ments of the different districts of the colony, and if ho does that I think there is over possibility of making this a very good and a very substantial hill. Wo have had a great many Land hills, and on the introduction of nearly every Land J till in the early days, such for instance as those of 18C.0, IStiS, IS711, l.SS 1, predictions were made that young men of capital would be induced to come to tlie colony, and that an era of pros IKjrity was going to ensue from tlio enormous accession of inundation on our pastoral ami agricultural lauds which those measures would induce, but up to the present such has not been the case. It has remained entirely with the lame aiul sinew of the country, with the pioneers who have made Queensland what she is to-day, to bring about a restoration of the conditions which prevailed in the colony prior to 181)2, The observations of the hon. member for Bulloo deserve serious consideration, ami tlio ovidencu given before the commission by selectors and others in different parts of the colony should also receive every consideration. If we give duo weight to these, then with the united wisdom of members on both sides of the House we shall make this Laud Bill one that will be a benefit to tlm colony, and one that will reflect lasting credit | on the members of this Chamber. IIONOUiuitLK Mkmiieu : Hear, hear! Mr. W. T1IOKN : I do not wish to delay the passage of the Bill, but would like to congratu late the hon. member for Toowoomba upon tho able and eloquent speech he made. It has given me the greatest pleasure to listen to him atul other members of the commission, ami I was also glad to hear tho Secretary for Lands sanctioning a few of their observations. am nut going to fight for the large land-holders in the unsettled districts, who have champions ! enough on the other side, but I think this Land 1 Bill is n step in the right direction, and, to use ; the words of the Secretary for Lands, I hope it will not have to be introduced a third time. To my mind the land is the whole and solo wealth of the colony. Tho land wc shall always have, but we do not know when wc are going to get tho gold. I should first like to refer to the system of tendering that is proposed to bo adopted. I strongly object to that, although I know that the Minister imagines that he will obtain n larger revenue by that means, because I think that there will bo a terrible lot of corruption about it. A man cannot bo both a buyer and a seller. Xo doubt our present system has been abused, and I will givu tho Secretary for Lands credit for having tried to stop the abuses 5 but ho now proposes to introduce a system which will not give the poor man a chance to get an acre of hind in tho colony. I can quote an instance in which a man who applied for a piece of land managed to get the priority, but had the principle of sealed tender been in force, tlio holder of the occupation liconsu would have got the laud, although he would have had to pay double for it. It was stated, I think, by the hon. member for Burnett, that the large runhohhirs in the West were paying moro for their land than the grazing farmer; but I totally deny that. Tho large land holders nro paying -C2 10. a squuro mile; tho grazing farmer pays £1 I'm. a square mile. I am pleased to notice in the Koyal Commission "Report that they are in favour of reducing tlio age at which youths can select laud, and I would allow the Indies of tho colony to do likewise. When tho Minister was moving the second read ing ho talked about letting people have scrub areas on clearing conditions, and I interjected that it would cost X2 or X I to clear. Tho hon. gentleman interjected that I was not up to the time and that people from Victoria or eisewhoro would clear that scrub at a great deal less. Mr, Leahy s What kind of scrub? Mr. W. TIIOKX : That is where the point ! comes in. You could not clear land of brigalow ! and make it tit to cultivate for less than -I'll an ! acre; and even then iL would not be lit for J anything. In my electorate and in the elcc- 1 torate of the Secretary for Lands, I believe, I there is n noxious weed that will be one of the ' greatest plagues tho colony over saw, and that is j tho prickly-pear. I have noticed during tho last seventeen years that it is becoming a cui>e to Queensland. The hon. gentleman said that " If the him. member ami his consti tuents discover a cheap method of exterminat ing prieklyqiear they will have a chance of taking advantage of this provision." I say it is the province of the Government to do that ; it is not for any privnto individual to do it without being paid, especially if it is on Crown lauds. I11 the electorate of Aubiguy within the last six mouths the lion, gentleman has had the expired lease of Bum Creek thrown open, and between 11,000 and 1 ",000 acres have been selected. The whole of the availahlu country tit for agricultural purposes has been taken up ; and the remainder, between l."»,00o awl 2!),0D0 acres, is still lying idle. What are tho Government going to do with that? They will have to reduce the price or tho laud will lie there years ami years without returning anything to the revenue. This land is fifty or sixty miles from Toowoomba and without any railway or roads. Last year there was a sum of X300 011 the Ivstimutes'for oiKining roads in farming centres. This year that vote The SL'EAICKll: Order! Tho hon. member is now wandering from the question. Mr. W. TUOKX : I would like to see a part of the revenue derived from this land, especially in farming centres, placed to the credit of divisional boards on the differential principle, to make roads to thoso farming centres. I mu not : going to detain the House longer. I hope that | when we get into committee we shall turn out a 1 measure on a basis fair to everybody, and that it wilt bo regarded as a good land law for many a day to come. 1 shall supi>ort the second reading. Mr. l'OGAUTY : I must commenco by tender ing my congratulations to tho Secretary for Lands 011 the able, lucid, ami exhaustive speech in which he moved tho second reading. On tho face of it tho Bill is a liberal measure : but oil examining it I do not see any liberality about increasing tho area of inferior hind which a man may require and not increasing the area of good land a man may hold. If the area of good land were increased it would give a great impetus to per manent settlement, just as my colleague pointed out that the Act of 1S2 was the means of settling on tho Downs a class of people who are very prosperous by increasing tlio area of tho holdings from 100 to 1120 acres. I trust, therefore, that the Minister will see his way to increase the acreage of good laud, mid not coniiue the privilege to second or third-class land. It is true that dilferent Acts are consolidated in this measure : but I think it would havu been much lietter to have divided the measure into two different Bills. I am opimsed to tho tender system provided for in the Bill, because it would be the means of depriving the poor selector of tho ghost of a chance of .securing a valuable piece of laud, though he wouhl he moro likely than the man of means to turn it to its proper use. I hope that that proposal will be eliminated from the Bill, as it is not in the direction of assisting I'on'ijidc .settlement, hut quito the reverse. I thin); that local land boards should be estab lished in different parts of the colon)', as it is utterly impossible for the members of tho present Land Board to visit tho various centres. If a judicious selection were made of persons residing in dilferent neighbourhuods to act 011 local land boards, such a system would be found to work better than tho one proposed in tho Bill. Tho elFort horo imulo to deal with scrub lands is a very laudable one, but I do not think the pro. visions nro sufliciently liberal. I know that it is propo- ed that only a peppercorn rent shall be charged for such lunds, butl would advocate giving them away in fee-simple on tho condition that they are cleared of scrub ami brush, and that a 'ertain area is cultivate;! within a sjiecilicd time. By that means wo should probably get thoso lands cleared, ami the value of our pumic estate wouhl be increased, whereas now the scrub is extending every year to tho detriment of our estates. A good ileal of friction has occurred between the Lauds Dejuirtmunt and various 1 selectors in connection with the delay that has j taken place in grunting applications for land. The reason very often assigned by the depart ment for that delay is that they arc short of surveyors and nro not able to incut the demands made upon them. I contend that before land is thrown o>eu for selection it should be survoyud. If that were done, no delay need take place. I would further advocate that lithographs, showing the roads through latuls thrown open to selection, should ho submitted to the local authority in tho district, and that tho same thing should be done in connection with the lnnds sold under tlio Agricultural Lands Vurclmse Act. I know thnt surveyors employed by the Government Have caused considerable expense to lucnl authorities by the maimer in which roads have been sur veyed, and this has been particularly the case in connection with laud in the neighbourhood of Wcsthmok. I am quite in accord with those members who advocate the reduction of tho age at which a |>erson may select from eighteen to sixteen years, and I think tho maidens of tlio colony should hnvo an opportunity of acquiring laud. Tho sooner the reduction in ago is olFceted new in the proposal. It is the law in the mother colony, in Victoria, and in other portions of Australia, and we might very well follow their example. I notice that tho Minister intends to place the grazing home stead selector in exactly the same iiositiim as the grazing farmer as far as rental niiu area are con cerned. I understood that when the special Act was passed making provision for grazing home steads, it was for the expressed purpose of settling tho floating population on tho laud, and that for thnt reason the extremely smnil rental of f«l. per acre was charged. But if those who select to tho oxtont of 2,>l!0 acres nro placed on the same footing as the grazing fanner It is quito possible, and even probable, thnt the :jd. per acre rent will bo increased to 2d. per aero, which is a very considerable increase. For that reason I do not tfiink the grnzingliotncsteadoraud the graz ing farmer should be placed 011 the same footing. I notice that it is not proposed in this Bill to repeal tho Special Sales of Land Act, 1 think it should bo repealed. We are parting with our estate at considerably less than its value, and if we continue that practice we shall in the course of time find ourselves in the (>osition with respect to other parts of the colony that we nrc in to- day, where it has been found necessary to rupiucha.se laud for settlement. The jK-nplu in those places will mnkuns forcible demand for the repurchase of the lauds that are now being soid as tho people are now doing for the repurchase of land on the Darling Downs. We should there- foro be very careful 111 disusing of our largo public estate. 1 observe that it is not proposed to ex tend tho time within which grazing homesteaders and grazing fanners arc required to fence. At present they havu to fence within three years, and that timo might very well he ex tended. It a mail's capital is limited, urn! he is not compelled to fencu within three years, he will bo able to use bis money in the purchase of stock, the return from which iu four, five, or six years would enable him to fence. I am thoroughly ut accord with those who ndvocatc thnt residence should ho compulsory. The Minister makes a oertainl'oncession iu this direction by providing that thoso wlio reside continuously on the laud shall have priority, hut that docs notgo fareuough. Kesideuco should bo compulsory 5 that is the only way of getting permanent settlement. One member of the Land Commission stated that no reduction should take place in the tenure of grazing farms. Twenty-live years tenure is ample iu a young country like tills, whero the changes aro so great nnd so sudden, nud if any mucmlmout is moved in the direction of limiting the period to that term I shall gladly sup|Hirt it. The great evil in connection with all our Laud Acts is that they have not provided for a pro|>or classification of the laud, and wc should endea vour to remove that evil. If land is tit for agri cultural settlement and within easy access of n market, then by all means place n reasonable) price on it ; but if it isniily lit for grazing, reduce the price, f hope tho Minister will insist that in futuru all lands shall he properly classified. It may bo a fad of mine, but I huvo 110 hesitation ill saying that tho .Secretary for Lands is not sufli ciently liberal 111 the amount allowed for ring- barking. I received a letter this afternoon from nil ex'tnuinlier of this 1 louse, In which he com plains of the small amount that is allowed— namely, 2s. inl. mi acre. The Sl'KAKKlt : Order! It is out of ptneo to discuss thnt question now. The hon. member can do so in committee. Mr. l'OGAUTY': With regard to compen sation for improvements, it is possible that tho holder of first-class land may improve it so highly that it would not pay anyone to tako it over at the termination of his lease, and I thcruforo think that a lessee should receive no compen sation for any improvements above a certain value. It is true there is an enormous area oE Inml open for selection at tho present time, hut it is not good laud. If anything like fair land is thrown open tho demand considerably exceeds tho supply, and hence the munt>cr of people who apply fur particular blocks. If moro good land was thrown open, wo wouhl not huvo this great rush for special blocks, tho Government would derive an increased territorial rovenuo, and at the same timu there would be an increased amount of settlement. I was pleased to lind from the speech of the hon. member for Dalby that the Government have accepted a number of tho valuable suggestions made hy tlio Lands Commission. 1 believe that tho coinmitumm did its work ably and well, nnd I am sorry that the whole of its recommendations wcro not accented by the Secretary for Lands. A matter which the Secretary for Lands mentioned iu his second- reading speech was the renewal of tho expired leases. 1 am totally opposed to any renewal. I would prefer to see UK) pcnplo settled 011 a tract of laud thau havu it held by one person. These leases should bo thrown open for close settlement, and I trust the H011.su will not agree to any renewals. Kvou if there is no immediate demand for the land, a demand will nriw, and the> laud will bu available, which it would not bo if it was locked up for a number of years. I hnvo expressed my views as briefly as I possibly could, and I reserve to myself the right to givo expression to any opinions 1 may hold in committee, or to support any valuable suggestion, no matter from which side of the I louse it may emanate. I shall cer tainly vote fur the second reading of the Bill, if a division is called for. By Authority : Kouumi (Jkkodrv, Guveriunuat 1'rlulcr. William street, Brisbane. 