THEIR DIFFERENT WAYS. i iu\\- * t*7**r#l 1 OC UfO ?.«**► "I needn’t ■ “rni.-.iqr . :ccd It” with ;iwive of the lijui.j. ud tne fair haired jjri with : lie pinct uex. who had brought up the sub ject. “We oil know what ‘managing’ men means in this connection.” “Oh, yes.” chorused the rest of the group of society girls who were having a comfort able talk in the bedroom of one of the num ber before dispersing for the afternoon siesta. In that chorus but one voice was unrepresented—that of an ignoramus who hadn’t even the excusaof hem^youi^g. She confessed with somSiheSitatidh tfiat she didn’t just know the meaning of “manag ing” as they used it. “It’s when a man wants to squeeze your hand,” kindly explained one of them. “Or kiss you,” added another. “Or put his arm around you,” volun teered a third, with a strong accent of dis approval. “They have to be managed then, you know, and if possible without hurting their feelings. You don’t want a man to think you a prig, but of course you can’t permit such things, and it takes a good deal of finessing.” “How do you do it, Tessie?” asked the fair haired girl. “You needn’t say you’ve never had occasion, for didn’t I see you “That’s enough,” hastily interrupted the one addressed as Tessie. “I don’t know what I do; it depends on the mau. Some of them will take a very slight hint, such as withdrawing the hand, or moving a foot or two away; with others, again, I’ve had to threaten to scream. That always fetches them quickly enough.” “Daisy McCullough—Daisy Smith that was—ouce gave me a wrinkle,” commenced another girl. “Sue said that when a man took her hand in his” “I don’t believe Daisy Smith ever inter fered in such a case,” interrupted the fair haired girl decidedly. “How, that’s a shame,” began several de fenders, but the fair one with the golden locks peremptorily hushed them up and told them to let Daisy’s friend continue her “Well,” the interrupted narrator went on, “she said that whenever a man took her hand she promptly asked him if he didn’t want the other one too. ‘That knocks all the sentiment fiat as apancake,’ she said. ‘They can be spoony about one hand, but when you offer them both in that businesslike way they will simply drop the one they hold and look foolish.’ It’s funny, too, but she was right. I’ve often tried the plan and never found it to fail.” “I always say, ‘If you’re quite done with my hand, I should like it back again,’ ” contributed Tessie. “I tried that once,” said a very young demoiselle, with a slightly pensive air, “and he told me it wasn’t my hand; it was my mother’s until I came of age. Whereupon Isaidasdemnrelyaslcould, ‘Well, Charlie, Ifeel quite certain my mother doesn’t want her hand where it is now,’ and he laughed, said, ‘By Jove, that’s so!’ and—dropped it.” “It doesn’t do to be too witty,” said Tes sie wickedly. “Hands aren’t so much,” drawled a hand some southern girl. “It’s when they try to kiss you that I want to suggest an ad journment. What’s your little scheme, Flora? You always seem to keep their friendship in spite of the suub.” Flora was an innocent eyed young person who looked as if “managing” the sterner sex were with her an inborn art. “Oh, I fix it,” the ghost of a smile hovering round her pretty mouth. “As soon as they make an attempt I draw back, look reproachful —tears in the eyes, you know, and all that sort of thing—and ask them plaintively if they haven’t the slightest respect for me. They of course earnestly assure me of their profound esteem, and somehow we slide off on other topics, and the whole thing blows Then the question went round the circle, “What do you do when a man tries to kiss you?” Each gave her “sure cure,” except a girl vho lounged in a sleepy hollow chair off in a corner. Red was her hair, red her Cupid’s bow of a mouth, and “coquette” was written all over her. She glanced around, theu said tranquilly, half under her breath: “Don’t do anything.”—Chicago Tribune 