A ROYAL MYSTERY, A QUEEN'S GHOST AT WINDSOR. An. extraordinary story is related to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, of the 3rd battalion Grenadier Guards, has seen what he believes to be a ghost in Wind sor Castle. In the course of an inter view with a reporter the Hon. Mrs. Carr-Glyn, the mother of the lieutenant, said that there was truth in the matter. Mrs. Carr Glyn remarked : — ' It is perfectly true that lay son witnessed some thing abnormal. He was, he tells me, sitting in the library of Wind sor Castle reading a book — the ' History of Dorsetshire,' to be exact. As be read, he became aware of somebody passing in the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lace on the head, falling on to the shoulders. The figure passed across the library towards a. comer which was out of view as my son sat, and he did not take much notice, thinking it was some body reading in the inner room. This was ju6t upon 4 in the after noon, and an attendant soon afterwards came up to close the place. My son asked who the lady was who was at wort in the inner room, and the attendant replied that no one else was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. ' Then where could she be?' asked the attendant, having ascertained that nobody was in the inner room. ' She must have gone out of a. door in the corner,' said my son, indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. ' But there is no door,' said the attendant. My sen said nothing about this incident, and did not think very much abovt it, I understand, until Mr. Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the attendant having men tioned the matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr. Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr. Holmes replied that my son had seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth. Mr. Hoimee added that there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man in our time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and several members of the Royal family have interviewed him on the subject.' Mr. Holmes says that this gallery has had the reputation of being haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth from time out of memory. His own recol lection of the story dates from 27 years ago, and he has been in the habit of spending Hallowe'en in tbe gallery for several years in the hope of en countering her deceased majesty. He had heard some rumor U- the effect that the impress Frederick had, when a child, seen an ap parition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next week hopes to secure some corroboration or denial of the rumor. The Dean of Windsor some what doubts the alleged appearance of Queen Elizabeth ; he had a stronger belief in the apparition, some years back, of Kin? Charles the First. The last person who is recorded to have been favored with a manifestation on the part of the royal martyr was Mrs. Boyd Carpenter, wife of the present Bishop of Bipon, who was be between 1882 and 1884 a canon of Windsor. 