OUR tsYDNEY LETTER [Froh our own Coil res .-undent.] Fob swagger nnd nido, tho letters of correspon dents to the Sydney dailies upon fedemtion, just now btko the enko. Tho other coluniei are freely described by thu short-sighted Sydney 'impectinioui cripples' nnd so on, which for N.S.Wnles to associate herself with, will bo nn net of the utmost nelf abnegation nnd conde scension. Tho following bit r.f blather is a Bpeciniim nf how prominent politician* of other colonies nre buing insulted in thincorrenpfindoiico *' Talcing thern nt the worst,' sayn one guntle ioan. ' wultnuw that to cumpiru nur respoiisiblu ministem with tho type of innums who hivo ?? mattly bornu rule in nomo othur Australian ! colonies, any time thco dozen y&irs;, would bo j to subject them t» gratuitous nnd undeserving: insult.' Tlieso people nre paving the wny gmndly for federation. C -tr-paro for instance the United States. In regard to wealth nnd natural advantages, who j wilt Ray that tlio weaUhiiwt of. them is not tUo ] butter off by being nn integral part of tint threat federation. piHuuion, luitngi.nistic tiiriffn, nnd surely be ux pec ted to make some little prenutit sneriuco for the sake of tho Urgor good which through federation numt coino to all. One j would tnke less notice of the corresimndencc, if ! it were not so evidently boiu^ backed up hy the Sydnuy pnixs. Siuco the uejiruHHion hit Mul- , bourne so hardly, Sydney men li-ivo been riding ! the highest of high h nteM, and tho truth mt^ht , tvs wisU bo told iva nut, the FrectrAtlttm cf Sydinsy ' don't want Federttion, thoy consider thooHolvus so well ofTwith their harbour, and their present domination nf thu culony, tint they cm nee nothing to gain nnd little t ? wish for, nnd with tho metropolis of the mother colony in this tempor, nnd tho certninty thntnt tho convention this colony will bu represented snloly by Sydney men, (for tho country ha* not tho ghost of a chance of putting in a proportional candidate) there in to my mind very little prospect of any workable scheme of union being arrived nt. It will end in a fizzle, unless tho other colonies allow N. S. W.lei, or rather Sydney, to como in Itoid tries to eac\po n portion by pmimsing that the Federal Cipital should bu movable from ono colony tn nnother, but ns the Si/iitiei/ Teit graph puts it ' there is no necessity tu dtitl 'violently with the schomo : it nny he safuty tniUcd to dio n ir.tuml death.' Proh.hly no nno knows thin better thin Mr Reid himself, l)ut on tho whole tho Premier1*! manife-slui in compruhonsivo nnd able. Its cmlinus and non committal clvinictor U what might under thu circumstances have been expected, for in Mr. Reid wo have never hit) nnythini! nppnxtuhing enthusiasm in thn fednnl cnusu. It seoinito tne that while the common sentiment of Australian nationality is so wuik. and the absolute need for cinnot exist Federitiou is no doubt the best tiling, and the right tiling, but if it is to bo in augurated by tho men who now seem to barn it in hand it will not count for much in the genera! advancement nf Australii. lt would he a iimiTingo without lovo, and the ovil of that is unfortunately a nvittor of duly exporiouee. If thu people of the colonies h.ivo no broad |Kitrio1ic love for ench other as Australians, tiny kid better remain apirt. The h di.Iiy on Tuosdiy was fine, exesp'. fora sharp thunderstorm in the afternoon, which caused everyone to run for shelter, but it cooled the ntr, for tho dny had previously been close and muggy. Tho principal event was supposed to ho the regatta, hut both thu races and the cricket ground were well |ntronUed. the latter especially, for nhen the tide turned for New South Wales, nt the commencement of the second innin-*n, Sydney turned out in forcu to pliying well worth seeing, for Sid. Gregory, Ircdiih*. nnd Donnan, thoroughly ret rived thuir ill luck of tho previout innings nnd Hhowud ptay, nnd made scores which delighted thu ommunity generally. Not only on the ground, but iu Market- street too, where the Eii'iimi N iri hss erected a great scoring hoard which shows tho runs as they are made ; the overs ; nnd every thing else pretty well, as though the spectator was actually on the ground. The telephone is the meins'of commiinicilinn which hy tho way tnftropolis. There must now be getting on for 3000 telephones in use in Sydney and suburbs, and they aro being added to ns fast as tho Ord?rs some hundreds deep now await execution and numbers of pooplo h-ivo thu wiro affixed but ness was conducted prior to tho introduction of this most wonderful inroutton. 