THE GENERAL'S : STORY. . Was Y wvnr Winy friktcrieitV WeH ye, thongh not in tbe field. I have nsenaome hard i fightag, as you know, but I think the affair I . Dade to was the eloaeat shave 1 ever hai. i was Studying law in Mow York at Ihe tinM. One day u I sat to my office writing, the post- man brought mo a neatly-folded enndope bear ing my addrem. . Aa l tore it open s rainlodoo, «t pnrtomesWed the room. The contents of the IvWur,/ as hoarai I ma xriuembert ware as follows : — perlicalar busiavss,. PoAotfailyM " j If ' -'H. A.S. To y that I «me mnch mrprisnu at the in- ritataoa il l xMild Jewctlpiion of my kdiop. I had known tbe writer only afvwwaAa- -A - ne w»». wrav Dicstst wua eau a sawn jowig Wy, end 1 wa a iwn boy, nor inter eeune bad ntonllf been « ey linited- Whet prt»«ilr hnsivtaB'" >h»' widiri toaf ree abovt pa need my eoDtprriiennion. t tbouht , uf the matter 11 the nfternooa wiUi' ut coming to nilriiMnaMe«ihtilw»''iii.?' Ry. ver, I Wbc Jtmrtg and corioti. »>d-et 4tr ntcd time et out for tlie )»Ucf- ,u t v hMer. end with e eerroni hand t-»e tti—'-bcU. After waiting for a few ir.«imiti I hv-»ri foc»t atepa apprnachin ; Jbe d,»-r w-m im.j ,!«»! j ®pwed, ana tlin >t<ood -bi fore m<- wriing a gwliirc to indicate tdeiee. s out her hand idin ltd «m HinmA Ulu l.wtl in . I small roonr|rti!ph.w»: eiistirD«il«i. »»r»J<clu halt itself, in the derpeat darkness. " In a whisper toe told Be why too wished to consult me. .... " Hy aisler,' she said, 4 ia about to Yuniwtiy to-ntht to ge t married. Father ijc bitlerU opposed to the nafeoh ; be is my TVreut maw and keeps e pistol we bistable before bi«n in tin- neKt room vowing to shoot my sisters lover il he dan to enter the ho<ue. We thiuk he sub- Pcts that thaa ia toe aiflit appointed foe the marriage, and «a prepajvd to execute his pur- ' fto ' If® hato done all wo eould to pacify him, but in vain. He is in a terrible i age.' Bat, my dear Mim Suftj«,n I said in some pertaxhatioB, 44 what haa all this todowitb ' me." We may need your protection ; I told sistex J felt sure we eould rely npop you." 44 You are very oomp imeotary. It seems tc oe, however, that in family matters, a stranger should not iiil'-cferv." -uu, v« noaj eooKia-r voa-o BirBnger9Mr. .SUutouJ 1 jfeaure jot." wUl itoj&to-; inUiis oapm until fifioisekta-ly ,,sfpJ»r.' leikmgne to 'my own refio w ieh w«-n not, as may well be auppos;-<i, >< r vle-a &£. I wold bear tbe boavy foo neps of tfiMiean of the family as be jiaeed ui«c i»?lv ati- ; toe next room. X could ear the <».— |» . t; r- >ff ofins wrath »i h ca«l-d d«»an m -l'--j:rt»»-rir outbeheodof hiaproapcxtiTft eo»i- > -aw a> the tone pamod hit woriii. blrpde-i > pthrr, indicating that be had «xu drinkiu; h«»"'yv and once or twice be staggered Ti.OtC n v sg'?iat toe 'Boor, almost bricking jiitirbtJ roum utjrhieh I . v- 'ftiii ' "HafwO reriaiply bnrst theriw ssirl tujuj&i; ;-he will iuiiiCdre fa- tor Bn.to: »n crrorliWB bslamtU and wul m tout fur me to prove nn idc« ity. I shall bare3ied the d- tu «.f sap |ofo I burglar." Sevrr»I tunes I made up er mil »l t'» »»! out of 'the room and ts&tpe; ; bm ib- f.tsL-i-t of the urtnmWTatW «)"d . <| .ogCron>L "Mr; I Wto Iinaequainle! ws<h toe b.-lts am l anil lock py which the Trct .Jot»r wa« ( and did not think it w9- jki >,li> r. n ov« ijtr ; making ixutit cuougii to aian. ny vigti out itrighbour od mr t-sik " How long i ©nnlin-ic I wrapped i;i mv ow« tih comfort «»h!e n6«-rti- n 1 ib« not know. |- senrst! to he an age I rouM almost bear nu heart bc»t In the soutbr- s illi-rss of that dari room, hot the crasebss irmp coiititiucd, anr the hours rolled on until 5 tr.v» in d>sjMiir, auc the convict on forced itself on my mind that J auould nott ftot ou' of .that tkouse alive. A? last 1 lie r.l the rcs'fing of a woman's dres near m.-. and U,e nui« in t'te street of a |m-s- mg carnage, which spened to stop ntwv. The- I female voice sai-l : — j AVe are ail r.-« ty. Hike no noise, kik follow me." Silently, an-t ae Tiick aa p oaible. she le.i me to the hall door. where the y-unger Mi.a Sandy treutbUngly sto-.l. The bolt were drawn, ifa. kay was tawed in the lock, and in a aonoud w. were in the atreet, where Mr. Brawn's earring- awaited ns., ATOighiqg two huridral-and fift- pound Brown -dtspda yed a'won.lerfulktfiount oi activity. In leas than two aerondi he had jump cd Iri-re his aeat, ktaaed his prospective wif- ,?" ?' I®, lifted her hoilily from tie rnocwknnd lAaeed her on the aevt bwd-le him rime wlortm IreririTlK' deitas Presently Mr. Brown, who seemed to he of. roronou. .uroef mind, introduced new pb„ Addreasing himself pointed 4ri&iteri3antsnoMbip; he Sifair f0,,0WMit- doyouthiuio " eie?r Kiu SanJt. et«SV?Td0fKBFb>' ''' wbru w mfL «. 7 Wfa-««a-you and Sara! Sl e&y; adfad thlt " Mc' StW,t0 f SSyn'si: had just easpwl than tha> a : Poetanately for me - - ; . ... „ ,, and now oeaacd orown did kll » je t.itin, ouriage (e- . urging the ma . unti) lh, where w »>ped at the n't.rU'r'e zs-sidt-ncn »d " .a all alighted, -lu'.t before wc ascend — te steps he tuned abound and delivered hi parting admonition " Now os soon aa/the minister completes till cetesomes in net- case, you and May can stej forward and take oar places, and in a few mo menu yon will both he made happy for life iDoo't he afraid ; it-will-beall right 1" . . ' I suppose the man was jolaog ; he saw tm trepidation, and wished to have a little fun ai ray exjjeose.- -.But to me the matter was a grin realty.- J have never been sentenced lo capiu puuiahmewt, but X bow I ex|terimce<lf wkid | aaeeodlng thoue steps, toe exact senationa of man who is about to mount toe resffold, mo j seev, for the first time, the rope by -which trc ii to be executed. 1' lemember bow my limb trembled, and feel convinced X looked as whiu as ghosts an said to lookpalthoogh I have never seen one. Side, by side Mm May and ! followed Brown j and his prospective bride to tbe miniitw'a study, j The eolcsnn words were pronounced wbich ooited them for ever, and ere they were ended X made up my mind to escape before it was too late. The door being l«-ft open 1 mtreated in baste without the formality of a farewell, and never stopped running until I reached my own door. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight I <H not know, as 1 never saw hr afterwards : oetfaw can 1 divine her motive in placing om i who was almost a stranger to her in sjch a try ing position. Yes, 1 plena guilty to having made a cowardly retreat at least once in m? life ; ani yet — would any of von have beii britvar?'; ; ' j 