SPORTING ftOTES. By "CASPIAN." It is not a frequent occurrence for the wea ther to interfere with a meeting fit Caulfield, but last Saturday the V.A.T.C. executive and visitors experienced a regular drenching af- ternoon, making it unpleasant overhead and under foot. However, the meeting was plea sant enough for the backing portion of the public, as they scored in four out of the six races. This in itself was some compensation for the rain. Winning a double with one horse was again a feature of the reunion, as at Flemington the previous week. On this occasion the hurdle horse Kimbolton, a most ungainly slack-lolned son of Bolton Green, but all the same a useful horse, won the Handicap .and Selling Hurdle Races. In the first race Insurance was installed first favorite, but she finished out of a place, whilst In the selling event Kimbolton went out an even money chance, and never gave his opponents, Sonata and Lux, a ghost of a chance. After the race Mr Tom Uphill, the Indian trader, secured Kimbolton for 130 sovs., and in India he is sure to pay his way over auy country. Gui- nane, who is now about the best all-round horseman we possess, rode the winner on each occasion. Those on the look-out last Saturday at Caul- field for likely Grand National horses must have been a trifle disappointed. In the Hurdle Race there was nothing likely to develop into a Grand Hurdle horse. Don John was eager ly scanned before leaving the enclosure, and rarefully watched in the race, but he did not Impress the onlookers as a likely horse for the big eveut. Sonata and Lux, on their Selling Race form, may be dismissed. Marcchal Neil, the Wagga gelding by Sun-. rise—Rose, is evidently no slouch of a horse/ as witness his performance last Saturday af Caulfield in the Richmond Handicap. There? was a big field, and some good performers, but: the up-country horse silenced the lot. The race was run in a blinding shower, in which Catspaw made nearly all the running. Els- wick, although looking remarkably well, again disappoiuted his friends, and it is now pretty clear that this fine-looking son of Nordenfeldt and Albatross is not to be trusted. No doubt he will take ft into his head some day to win a big handicap. Dora again gave the public another display of her racing qualities, by winning the Cam bria Plate at Caulfield from Lady Loch and Beau Brummel. The daughter of Chesham and Remnant carried 9st. 21b. in the heavy going like an Amazon. Dora is thundering well at present, and her condition reflects much credit on her owner, Mr S. G. Cook; It is not often Mr Alec. Taylor, the Burrum- beet owner and trainer makes the trip to Caulfield with his horses, and makes a mistake In planking down his dollars. However, on Saturday he had Courtier a very strong order lor the V.A.T.C. Steeplechase. The favorite always looked to he going strong and well, $ut half a mile from home Tarracom silenced ftls chance very easily. Both horses are en- gaged fn the V.R.C. Grand National Steeple chase, and the winner, Tarracom, incurs a 101b. penalty. On the form of the latter, Peveril, who beat him a week previously at Elemiugton, should possess some recommenda tions to the V.R.C. event. Larnook ran, but be stnlck a fence, and did not afterwards run up to bis form. Flintlock has often been going to vein a handicap, and many have in consequence been on the alert for the son of Carbine and Duenna. He js trained by Phil Hcywood at Orieigh Park, near Dandenong, who was also the trainer of his dam, if I remember correctly, then owned by Mr D. S. Wallace. On Saturday the grey was backed down to 7 to 4 in a field of eleven moderates. Morri son, of the St. Albans Stables, rode Flintlock, and, keeping blm in a nice position until the distance was reached, won his race comfort ably from Carlos. As the Warwick Spring Meeting to be held in England in 1900 may interest some of our Australian sportsmen, Mr H. Byron Moore, the sec. of the V.R.C., desires me to call atten tion to the First Britannia Steeplechase, of 3000 sovs., and the First Britannia Hurdle Race, of a like amount, Eutrles for these two events close on Tuesday, June 29th, and may be made at tbe V.R.C. office not later than 10 p.m. Queen's weather prevailed for the Jubilee meeting of the Sandown Park Race Club on Tuesday, and there was a record attendance. It was estimated that the crowd numbered over 3000. Some capital racing was witnessed and, as anticipated, several Grand National candidates carried silk, and performed in such a creditable style as to bring them into considerable prominence. Nora Creina, who won the Jubilee Hurdle Race, is engaged in the V.R.C. National Hurdle Race at lOst Gib, or 111b less than she carried to victory on Tuesday. Behind the Tasman Ian-bred mare was Soult, with 12st 121b, or 2st more than he Is asked to carry in the V.R.C. event. The Hero, who divided the pair, is also engaged at Flemington, and has 21b less to carry, but he is not quality enough, nor is Tertius. Another Tasmanian horse that started was The Sea, but he ran into the first hurdle and gave his rider (Douglas) a very severe shaking. Nora Creina won the race so very easily that it is difficult to see anything behind her can again lower her colors in the Graud National Hurdle Race. Of course, there is just a question of whether the winner can stay out two miles. With such an artist as J. E. Brewer to pilot the daughter of Assyrian and Nora over Flemington, she will be very dangerous at the finish. The Diamond Steeplechase, run at Sandown Park, served to bring out Britomarte, another Tasmanian mare, and she won the race. Ripple, who ran third, is, like the winner, engaged in the V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase. The winner is by Manuka, who sired the celebrated steeplechase horse, _ Kangaroo. She carried 9st 71b on Tuesday,, which is lib less than her National weight, and won very easily from Balmaghie. There was little for Britomarte to beat, still it must not be overlooked that she did her performance very creditably- jumping cleverly and showing more pace than she is given credit for possessing. Lente, who won the Victoria Trial Handicap at Sandown Park, is a small but shapely daughter of Malua and Epi, and, coming from an illustrious family, there is little wonder at Mr J. Patterson's fillly being a fast one. Silver Pines was the favorite, but he never appeared to be able to gallop with the leaders. May Day, who is a very useful mare by Sun rise,, secured the Long Reign Handicap at Sandown Park, beating Melema and Tecoma. The last-nameid subsequently saddled up for Her Majesty's Purse and won easily from Emon-na-Knuck. Swivan started favorite in this race, and again disappointed his fol lowers. Mr W. A. Menzles. one of the V.R.C. com mittee, evidently posesses not only a smart gelding in Woodbine, but a real game one, as witness the style in which he won the Queen's Plate at Sandown Park- He certainly had a light weight, but he was challenged by two warriors in Homespun and Babel, and managed to shake the pair off. The winner is another of the Sardius family, from Sweetbriar, and has the makings of a likely looking hurdle racer. Mr T. N. Fitzgerald, who has received the honor of Knighthood, is well known in racing circles. At the Ballarat Jubilee races, held at Dow- ling Forest on Tuesday, Stockweil, who re cently won the steeplechase at Maribyrnong, secured a similar event at the city of quartz. Sligo won the Queen's Cup, defeating Irrtum and Frisco. Sydney Tattersall's Diamond Jubilee meeting did not draw a large crowd, but there was some capital racing. The Jubilee Cup was won by Mr II. Garratt's The Scotchman, by that successful sire, Lochiel, with Semlramis, who ran placed In the RosehlU Cup, and Amea filling the remaining places. Mr Tom. Uphill, the Indian horse trader, intends leaving by the end of the month with a shipment of horses for the land of the Rajahs. He will take over several untried ypuijgjtfTsjis well as the jumpers Mignon ni)fljSimbpyu5l>"and the fiat racer Cinder At IfcV Same time and vessel the Ifessns Davis, of Glppsland, will take over a SjUpd&fc; ff. horses. -tffepddy Inteijo .relegating Bloodshot lOAhe._moro c&rgenial; quarters of his home p-a jv.1i ere ten'' defected mares will be He will be raced again, a'flfl-lperhroi.- -"got ready for autumn events of next year. Beverley was taken over from Caulfield to run In 'the S.AJ.C. Accession Handicap on Monday, but be could not finish in a place. The race was won by Royal Admiral, a brother to The Admiral, and a very fine horse. He al6o ran second in the Royal Handicap to Thunderer. In both races he was ridden by our Caulfield light-weight, Robert Lewis, who also piloted Tapioca safely home in the Vic toria Handicap. Confidence, the South Australian veteran steeplechaser, still remains in the V.R.C. Grand National Steeple ,-hase. He ran second to I.X.L. on Monday in the S.A.J.C. Celebration Steeplechase, carrying XOst. 21b., which is 131b. more than he has in the V.R.C. race. Joskiug, who rode Ewanston in the same race, inter fered with the old grey gelding, for which he has to retire for a period of three months. Kingsley, the New South Wales horse, that recently won at Moonee Valley, has been re turned to his owner, Mr M'Lean, of Rockley, New South Wales. After the acceptances for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, Soult was created first favorite, and backed down to 5 to 1. For the Steeplechase Larrikin is at the same nrice. and Peveril next, at S to I. Kelso, the Rosehlll Cup winner, was un equal to the task set bim of -.winning the Canterbury Handicap on Monday. The race was won by Mr Cameron's Duddingston, by Lochiel from Dainty, beating The Swell and Kelso. The .winner's dam is own sister to Rose Noble, now gracing tbe shafts of Mr H. Skinner's buggy. The racehorses, Loyalty and Riot, will be auctioned on Monday next. Manazona has been blistered and turned out at Ballan. The New Zealand jumping horses, Donald M'Kinnon, Tiritea, St. Simon, and Mutiny still remain in the V.R.C. Grand National events, but their coming over is very doubt ful. At a preliminary meeting of the V.R.C. finance committee, for the purpose of con sidering the balance-sheet to be presented at the annual meeting in August, tbe announce ment was made that, with the exception of the debentures, all the club's liabilities bad been wiped out, and there is now a credit balance in hand. The racing offices in Bourkc street occupied by the V.R.C., V.A.T.C., and Sandown Park Club were brilliantly illuminated on Monday and Tuesday nights, in connection with the record reign celebrations. The legend, "God Bless Our Queen," was displayed across the frontage, and a large horse- shoe in bucket lamps was a prominent feature. Numerous Chinese lanterns helped to give the offices quite a gala appearance. Mr G. G. Stead, the well-known New Zealand sportsman, is going to have a try at English racing, and intends taking home Gold Medal list and Multiform, two of the best racehorses that have run in Maoriland for some tfime. The S.A.J.C. committee decided to call upon tile Gawler Jockey Club to supply them with information relative to the scratching of the Tasmanian mare Britomarte, who was entered for the steeplechase. All papers concerning her nomination, acceptance, and scratching are required. Insurance, who is not engaged in the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, has been nomin ated for the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle Mr S. Miller has also nominated Borderer, Ripple, Hive and Hayseed for the big four mile event. Four first favorites finished in front at Caul field on Saturday, and the pencillers altogether fared very badly. The winning jockeys at Caulfield on Saturday were:— P. Guinane (2), T. Pegrum, H. Holmes, J. S. Edge, and H. J. Morrison. By his victory in the Caulfield Steeplechase on Saturday, Tarracom has incurred a 10 lb. penalty, which brings his weight up to 10 st. 3 lb. Mr H. H. Daniel, the hon, secretary of the Oaklands Hunt Club races notifies in our advertising columns this week that entries for the Oaklands mee ting, to be held at Moonee Valley on Saturday, July 24, close at the Moonee Valley office on Monday, 19th July. Mr A. H. Cox, the secretary of the Maribyr nong Racing Club, notifies owners and trainers that entries close on Monday, 28th June, for tbe meeting to be held at Maribyrnong on l6t July. Kimbolton, who was purchased by Mr T. Up hill on Saturday, has gone into J. Gardner's stable at Malvern. Black Harry, Response, Damien, and Main stay have heen nominated fo. the V.R.C. Maiden Hurdle Race. The first-named is also engaged in the Grand National Hurdle. Mr J. O. Inglis officiated as starter at the late V.A.T.C. meeting, Mr Godfrey Watson being absent In Adelaide. The starting was excellent throughout the afternoon. A sale of racehorses took place at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, conducted by Messrs Campbell and Sons, auctioneers. Although only three lots were submitted, two of which were on behalf of Messrs W. C. Yuille and Co., the competition was brisk, and an inte resting sale resulted in the steeplechaser, Tar racom, finding a new owner in Mr J. M. - Roberts, for lOOgns., and the clever pony mare Victoria changing hands for 85gns, Mrs Tomlin being the purchaser. The Goodwood Handi cap winner, Orient, was passed in. Mr S. O. Wood has been appointed veteri nary surgeon to the Oaklands Hunt Club. Mentone Jubilee races, held on Wednesday, drew a large crowd of visitors, and, with the weather beautiful, a most eujoyable day's racing was witnessed. After Wild Raven had secured the Trial Stakes, some attention was given to the Jumpers' Flat Race by reason of several V.R.C. Grand National horses ap pearing in the race. Nora Creina, on her Sandown Park form, was the established favorite, but she failed to obtain a place, the race falling to Mr F. M'Evoy's Legs, by the Melbourne Cup winner, Mentor, and engaged in the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race at the minimum weight, 9st. The Jubilee Steeple chase was secured by Zouroff, a horse entered in the Grand National Steeplechase. Roms- dal, who ran second, meets him on equal terms' and Vigil, the third horse, has lib. the best of the handicap. If Mr II. R. Frew can only manage to keep Zouroff well, he should play a prominent part in the V.R.C. Grand National events. Mr II. Byron Moore, the secretary of the V.R.C., desires to remind bookmakers wishing to ply their vocation at Flemington for the coming racing season, that they should send in their applications for registration at once, to prevent disappointment, the numbers now being limited. J. Cameron is rapidly recovering from the injuries he received at Moonee Valley last week, and will be well enough to ride Larrikin in the Nationals. Nora Creina, the winner of the Jubilee Hurdle Race on Tuesday, Js engaged in the Grand National Hurdle at lOst 61b. The Na tional favorite, Soult, who finished third to the Tasmanian mare on Tuesday, will meet her on 171b better terms at Flemington. A good meeting was witnessed at'Rosehill (N.S.W.) on Saturday, when the principal at traction was the Rosehill Cup. it was an immense field, no less than 43— a record- facing the starter. The race, as may be imagined, was rather open and difficult to analyse; however, the party behind the speedy Precaution— who holds the six furlongs record —made her a 4 to 1 chance. After her, 10 and 50 to 1 could be obtained about others, | The result was a victory for - Mr Ted Ioger- j sole's KelEO, by KIngsborough, from a Fop i mare— a true Bathurst pedigree, where his owner hails from. " At one period Kelso was an inmate of the Orvillc Lodge, Surrey Hills, Sydney, and it was after the proprietor the son of Kingsborough was named. He ran many races in his time, but the RoEehill Cup is his best performance. Telegraph, a horse that paid us a hasty visit some months ago, ran second, whilst another Bathurst owned mare in Semiramis ran third. It is just a peculiar coincidence that Kelso met and de feated Semiramis about twelve months ago at tbe Newcastle J.C. meeting, in the Flying Welter Handicap, over six furlongs. There he gave her 261b. and a beating. In the Rose- bill Cup they carried even weights. How is that for handicapping f An application was made to the Caulfield stewards on Saturday to remit the remainder of the twelve months' disqualification inflicted on John Smith on 17th October, 1896, in con nection with the running of Miss Tranter. Tbe application was refused. Some alterations have been made in the A.J.C. programme for the season of 1897-98. They are just a trifle peculiar with regard to tbe added money to the First and Second Steeplechases, run at the spring and summer meetings. The First Handicap Steeplechase has beeu reduced 50 sovs., and a like amount added to the Second Steeplechase, which Im plies that most ownerB with a good horse will wait for the second "lepplng race," and, there fore, create a bigger field, and consequently more interest. The summer meeting is to be curtailed from a two days' to a one day's fixture. The Viiliers Stakes will be reduced from 500 sovs. to 200 sovs., but tbe amount saved will be added to tbe Summer Cup, which will have 750 sovs. added, instead of 500 sovs. as formerly. In the programme for the autumn meeting 50 sovs. will be taken from tbe First Steeplechase and placed on the Second Sjeepjechagfl,. which will be worth 300 sovs. /' yj. As/might have i>een(jeitet:tod, first accept ance for the.R.C. r$nA-Itotional Hurdle Rac >and Steeplechase wjtiesged the with drawal of -seveTRV/pod, lorsSi. In the flrst- named">eiyEt;wthe most'ffoticeable withdrawals are Pivot, '7Mguer and Jacje Hanwell. Still, the numbed xfelaEge, hut I anti cipate a furtherVi«2ntiIttgJhirf on the second payment. The Messrs" Manifold Brothers have reduced their number to Soult and Vero nica. and whichever of the pair carries their dollars will be very hard to beat. The Messrs Miller arc represented by Borderer, Hive, and Ripple. Of the lot that are eliminated from the Steeplechase, Doondlah was the one most fancied. However, it is unfortunate for his backers, as well as his owner that the horse should be dead amiss. He has heen under the cahe of Mr W. Allen for some days for an injury to his off hind leg. Romsdal has been left in with Ripple and Hayseed to repre sent Mill Park. The two first-named are well known, but tbe latter is to make his bow before the public. Of course, there are a few people who look upon him as the correct tip for the Grand National Steeplechase. The general entries received on Monday for the V.R.C. Grand National events are a capi tal lot, if exception be taken to the Maiden Steeplechase, the remaining events having re ceived a good response from horse owners and trainers. 