DAY OF BEST. A SERMON. Preached by the Rev. W. Cooke, Rector of AH Siunta' Church. Mnonto. And He, when He is como, will convict the world In respect of sin, and of righteousness, and of judg ment; of sin, because they believe not on Me; of righteousness, because I go to the father, and ye behold Me no more; ot judgment, beoxuso the prince of this world liath been judged.—Jit. John, XvL 8-U (B.V.) In speaking of the judgment "of Christ in a previous sermon I told you that it was a con demnation of lite world's idea and practice of righteousness, and that the purpose of Christ's coming was to shake and sift the nations, beginning immediately with the Jewish people, who, with all their high privileges, had gone very far in the path of error and wrongdoing. Now wo know how the Jewish nation treated Christ, They rejected His teachings, refused His warnings, and did not repent. They condemned Him— the Church did it—and called in the political Roman power to put Him to death, and by that act crowned the national life with an indelible stain of hatrodaud dark crime. The night before the crucifixion Jesus told His disciples that after Ho had gone away from fliom His life and spirit Bhould continue among them. He promised to send to them the Spirit of Troth, who would novor leave them, but abide with them for ever. The work of the Spirit was to confirm and intensify Christ's condemnation of the world, and to guide into the truth which He had spoken to them. As Christ's coming was an historic departure front the false lite of mar. kind, - and his sinless example the faithful expression of the uow life, so the Holy Spirit was the principle and power of that life in men. _ Here is a battle royal to be fought out in this world betweon the "natural and the supernatural, between good and evil, sin and holiness. It is not a fight between God and man. Tf man does sometimes fight against God, God never fights against man. The warfare is not against man but against man's unrighteousness, falsity of life, and erroneous judgment of spiritual things. And aB Christ 6truek at the roots of the evil tree, so the Spirit loads men to see that the root of it is Satan, the evil principle and personality of tho universe, who has set his kingdom of darkness and disobedience against God's kingdom of light and righteousness and thrown into confusion tho life of humanity. That kingdom must fall, for "for this purpose was tho Son of God manifested that He might destroy the works of tho Devil." Our text sets forth tho judgment on Satan, tho doom of his government, and the moral victories the Spirit would win over tho world and its sin. How, then, does tho Spirit oarry on and execute the judgment which Christ pro nounced in His day? Three things are mentioned in the text. Tho Spirit will convict men in respeot of sin. righteousness, and judgment. The ground upon which IIo will convict the world of sin is because it did not believe in Christ. The ground upon which tho conviction of righteous ness proceeds is becauso Christ has gone to tho Father. Thereby is demonstrated the righteousness of Christ before God and the world. It is based upon pur Lord's resurrec tion and asconsion, and is an emphatio accep tance by God of His teachings, His life, and His work. And the conviotion of judgments rests on the fact that Christ hasovercome Satan. He has judged him and every organized power of ovil and condemned them by practical righteousness. _ Henceforth all ovil, all com binations of sinful power, are and must be under tho condemnation of the Kingdom of the Spirit. You will see, tlion, that this moral revolu tion is of no small dimensions. It aims at nothing less thau the overthrow and destruc tion of the entire empire of wrong. Wo dream and hope, wo sing and pray of a golden age— of a day when tho wrongs of the world shall be put right, when love and poaco shall be uni versal. Thilosophers have speculated about tbc perfectibility of human society and tho reign of righteousness when only the Divine idea of character shall enter into individual practice. That day is tho ideal of tho King dom of Jcsur Christ, and to the realization of that every purpose of God is directed. Tho Apostle St. Paul had caught the idea perfectly. , Ho believed that Christ's Kingdom. would ! conquer all ovil when he wrote—"For though wo walk in the flesh, we do not war after tho flosh; (for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds;) casting down imagina tions and every high thing that oxaltcth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing j into captivity overy thought to tho obedionce of Christ." Wo will take these three ideas separately to answer in more fulness the question—How tho Spirit carries out and executes the judgment which Christ prouounced. Christ has passed away, but the Holy Ghost continues His work in tho consciences and lives of men. 1\. He convicts of sin—because men do not believe in Christ. Tho battlo begins with unbelief. Tho first point attacked is want of faith in Him whom God sent. This is tho revelation of a marvellous truth— a truth very startling indeed to tho Jewish mind—a new sin added to their already many transgressions; tho sin of not believing in Him whom they had condemned and crucifiod. _ He had been promised to them by God as their Deliverer; their prophets had foretold His Advent. His Kingdom, its power and glory. He had come, preaohed to them, lived a spotless life, done wonderful works in their midst, healed their sick and their larac, given sight to the blind, cleansed tho lepers, and raisod the dead. Yet. they had rejected Him, despised Him and compassod His death. He had said plainly to them—"Yo are from beneath; I am from abovo; ye are of this world; I am not of this world." I said there- 1 fore unto you that ye shall die in your sins, for if yo bolievo not that I am He yo shall die in your sins.'-' And wo know how St. Peter dwelt on this very thought in his sermon on tho day of Pentecost, and how tho Spirit brought it homo to tho consciences of 3,050 pooplo j who repented of their unbelief and joined tlio Society of Jesus. This, indeed, is the Spirit's work of conviction. It is to bring men ! to understand Christ, what Ho is, and what ho has come to this world for, and to bring men to a willing obedience of the truth. lie taught that by their faith in Him thev might enter the now kingdom of life. Wo are i taught by this that tho basal idea of Christi anity is Christ, and that faith in Him is necessary to a participation of the life He gives to men. To disbelieve Him, therefore, is s sin, inasmuch as it keeps us apart from Him, and turns our life in its activities from the purposes of the incarnation. j The work of the Holy Spirit is to convince j us on tbiB point first of nlL The vital bond of ! God and goodness is Jesus Christ; and "the true lifo flows only from each a relationship. The Holy Scrintnres are very emphatic on ! this aspect of the doctrine of Christ. " For J God sent not His Son into the world to con- I demn the world; but that the world through 188 1 Sim might be saved. He that believeth on Him is not condemned: but be that believeth not is condemned already, because he bath i not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God." "He that belioveth on the Son hath everlasting life; and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him." He is also set forth as the way to the Father, our peace, our example, and our hope, and His ; the only name given whereby we must be j saved. , Why, it may be asked, are men condemned for not believing in Jesus Christ? There are doubtless many reasons, but take the follow ing:—1st. Christ in his incarnation is the revelation of God to man. Ho is God' and man—tho manifestation of eternal love and goodness. If wo reject- Him we reject God and God's help. 2nd. Ho is perfect man, without sin, without defect. Ho is the fulness of complete manhood. In Him we boo what man ought to be in the Bight of God. If wo reject Him we rejeot tho true type of life aud continue in sin and moral defection. 3rd. Man, by sin, has gone very far from original righteousness. Christ is the only man who has not rebelled against God, and God lias appointed Him to be tho way back to obodienoe and holiness. He ib the way, the truth, and the life, and uo man cometh unto the Father but by Him. If wo reject Him we know of no way to heaven or to God. 4th. As He by His life and death has made atone ment for our sins, and has made the condition of salvation to be through faith in His blood, if wc reject Him there rcmaineth no more sacrifice for sin. He is the only Saviour. Shall I add that He is also ap pointed to be mir Judge? And as the ground of His judgment rests upon what He has taught us, what He has done for us, and what lie is, then you will see that to reject Him is to reject God's appointed standard of righteousness, and we thereby bring our souls under Divine and infallible condemnation. So sinned tho Jews. They did not bejiove in Christ. He condemned their unbelief, and called it sin. Tho Spirit is sent to convict them of their sin—to press it unmistakably on the human conscience, and if they will repent to deliver them from its condemnation. He convicts also of righteousness, and the ground of this conviction rests on the fact that the Christ has gone to tho Father. As the Jow was wrong in his idea of sin, so was he wrong in his idea of his righteousness. The .Tew took the Pharisee as the emlxvdiment of all that was righteous—formal ho was, cere monious, exact and punctilious in minor matters, but it was mainly an outward obser- , vanco of religious duties. Tho spiritual mean ing of Moses' law was overlooked or disre garded. lie had the form but not tho power of godliness. This Christ condemned as being insufficient, and the Spirit would convince them of what righteousness really is. Tho tragedy of Good Friday saw the condemna tion of the Son of God as a malefactor by tho righteousness of his ago. The Holy Spirit entirely roverscd this judgment on tho day of Penteoost, condemned the judges of Christ as the real malefactors, and declarod that .Tesus, whom they had crucified, was put to death wickedly. His life was a true life, being approved of God. Ho was tho Holy One, not suffered to see corruption, and the proof is tliat God tho Father has raised Him from the dead and received him into heaven. Of righteousness, because I go to the Father aud yo see ine no more. The resurrootion and ascension were the Divine justification of all that Christ was, said, did, and claimed to be, and the Divine condemnation of the unbolief. the sin, and wickedness of His murderers. If you road St. Peter's sermon on the day of Pentecost you will find that he dwells vohemcntly on this aspect of tho truth, condemning the nation for the judicial murder of Christ, and showing that the murdered One was risen and ascen ded, and " that God hath made Him both Lord and Christ." The whole passage is a powerful appeal to their consciences, setting forth thoir national sin in a fearful light. We know also that thousands were smitten with remorse and fear, and repented and were baptised in tho name of the Lord Jesus. This was the first victory of tho Spirit in convicting men of the righteousness of Christ. But this was only the beginning, the earnest of tho progress of tho kingdom of the Spirit. For the declaration of the Spirit is tiiat the crucified one is tho Lord of all through all ages, and tho righteousness of His life" shall live in the world aud win moral conquests for all time. This righteous ness is God's standard for human life. By it we are to judge of ourselves, of society, of the nations. That which falls short of the standard is imperfect, that which opposes it is sin and rebellion. And the Spirit's reproof applies equally to indi vidual, institutional, and national conduct. There are three characteristics of this righteousness which may bo mentioned briefly —they are thoroughness, universality, and permanence. 1st. Thoroughness. Jesus Christ wa oontent with nothing short of reality. Him self perfectly pure, Ho demands it. Ho sets before us the perfect life, and urges unceasing progress towards the perfection of God. Right principles with accordant practice must go together. Jesus fulfilled all righteousness, What Ho preached He practised, and He says to meu "it ye know these things happy are ye if ye do them." 2nd. This righteousness is also to bo universal. As sin is found universally in man, and as tho benefits of redemption are for all, so tho demand for righteousness is made uni versally on man, in every part and in every relationship of life—private and public, do mestic and social, commercial and political, national and international. Not any phase of human life is exempted from the demands of righteousness. He is the Lord, not only of the individual, but of families, communities, nations, and the human race. And as all men and nations should accent tho Spirit's reproof in respect of Christ's righteous character, so they should practise it in all things and at all times, for "grace reigns through righteousness unto eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord." There is nothing more hopeful for tho human race than the consideration that a per fect human life has boen lived among us. and has given power of indefinite improvabilitios to inau. God's ideal of humanity has ljeen realized in Christ, and Ho has loft us an example that wc should follow in His steps, winch, if we do, wo shall realize in progressive stages a righteousness which is both perfect aud Derrnanent. 3rd. The Spirit convicts of judgment, because the Prince of this world is judged. The third point is judgment aeainst organized evil. This is at once a broad and profound judgment pronounced against the empire of evil. The condemnation of the devil and all rebellious activities is here set forth. Our Lord said, "I behold Satan fallen as light ning from heaven," and He gave His Apostles authority over all the power of the enemy. We cannot- bo wrong in saying that if God has judged Satan, that judgment will most assuredly be executed, for the Prince of this world cannot finally succeed against God. The kingdom of evil is of gradual growth, and, though from Christ's time not actually destroyed, it is doomed to dissolution. In the kingdom of humanity Satan works on the free will of men ' corrupted by Bin, am bringing that free will into obedience hi holds dominion in evil in the world. Men ar< led captive by the devil at his wilL That Satan succeeds for a timo and enlarges hi) power over the human race goes without ques tion, but though apparently successful ho ii doomed to a pepetual endeavour, and not to { real progress and final victory. Unquestion ably righteousness will finally overcome un righteousness. May we not safely affirm thai tho power of the devil bad reached iti greatest height in the days when Christ livec among men—that the world saw the greatest manifestation of evil with the highest mani testation of good—Satan and Christ. If wt consider that strange phenomenon—demoniac possession—we have evidence of increasing Satanic power over men. But we know also that Christ cast out many devils with stern rebuke, and thus magisterially asserted His sovereign sway over the world of fiendish powers. "What is this! A now teaching! With authority He commandeth even the unclean spirits, and they obey Him." He "cast out many devils, and Ha suffered not the devils to speak, because they knew Him." And in the great temptation in the wilderness, when Satan employed his tempting powers to seduce the Christ from His loyalty to God and truth, the Son of God vanquished bim face to face. And when a while after Satan finding a willing subject entered into Judas, succeeded with him, and our. Lord was betrayod, con demned, and crucified. From that time forth tho devils power was ethically broken. lie could do no greater wrong than accomplish the death of the Son of God. But the moment of his victory brought tho sentence of his doom, for Christ, having overcomo death and Hades, "and having spoiled principalities and powers, He made a show of them openly, triumphing in Himself." Aud tho virtue of His conquering power was given to men when tho spirit-life came down upon them on the day of Pentecost; and the new kingdom is destined to grow, and finally dissolvo aud destroy the combined forces of the Prinoe of this world. Of this great truth also the Spirit brings conviction. The kingdom of evil must perish; the power of its leader over man be broken, is broken; for it is only by their own free act and deed that men serve the devil. He is not their rightful master. They make him such by rejection of Christ aud a wilful following of tho wrong. Deliverance from him and his dominion is given by faith in Jesus Christ, and by the practico of righteousness. Every such turning to tho Saviour is a weakening aud dissolving of tho power of the devil, and by such conquests is the reign of righteous ness to bo brought in and the ornpire of evil pass away. Let us lay this truth to heart in our work in the Chuieh and in the world, and it will save us from despair. Wo know that we are in the presence, not of mere frag ments of ovil, but of a huge growth of mas sive wrong—wrong which 19 organized, mar shalled, and moved forward by principalities and powers, and demon leaders who are filled with all hatred, malice, aud evil designs against men. We know that much evil has entered into our individual life, our social systems, our class distinctions and hostilities, our political warfares, our commercial indus tries, our business transactions, our non Christly systems of education; and oven our Church work is not always free from worldly and hurtful _ oombinationB, and tho day seems far distant when goodness shall bo universal and wickedness dethroned. Yet, believing tho word of Christ, we look forward to the day of tho Lord and His King dom of Righteousness. Satan is judged, tho power of his rebellion is broken, and his king dom of darkness as ccrtainlv doomed to de struction as that tho new kingdom of tho Spirit is destined to bring in tho reign of ever lasting righteousness. This is our faith and hope. We believe in and labour for the final triumph of goodness. Every member of tho Kingdom of Christ is pledged to renounce tho devil and all his works, and as a true soldior and servant of his Lord he is to fight manfully against sin, the world, and tho devil. He knows that to get rid of personal evil is tho primary idea of Christianity, for the individual must bo pure and strong, but to rid the world of organized evil ho believes is tho ultimate aim of the gospel of tho Spirit, and so he has joined himself to tho organized forces of goodness—tho Church of Christ—that he may do battle in tho army of God. For through whom does the Spirit work but through those who have accepted His reproof of sin, righteousness, and judgment? They only have arraigned themselves on the side of Christ, and left the ranks of organized spiritual re bellion, and of them three things are required for ultimate triumph. . There must be loyalty to Christ, faith in Him, and fidelity to His purposes; there .must he also stern Christian character. Only righteousness can overcomo unrighteousness; and,_ lastly, there must be unflinching and untiring service. "Put on the whole armour of God that ye may be able to stand againBt the wiles of the devil. For ye wrestle not against flesh . and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against tho rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God that ye may bo ablo to withstand in tho evil day, and having done all to stand." When men for. whom .Christ has fought tnke tins stand by tho side of tho captain uf their salvation, and fight against evil as Ho fought, Satan and bis power will bo bound in chains, and reserved unto everlasting darkness, and tho Kingdom of God will be victorious and the ~ prophecy of Daniel will be fulSlled—"I saw in tho night visions and behold one like the Son of Man came with the olouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and thoy brought Him near before Him. And there was given Him dominion and glory, and a kingdom that all people, nations, and languages should serve Him: His dominion is an everlastincr. dominion which shall not pass away, and His kingdom that which shall not be destroyed." Amen. 