CHAPTER XXXVI. 1'lIK TuilALL. Dudley Ogle!' I echoed in blank amazement. 4 Are you certain that the servant's suspicions were devoid of foundation ?' 'Absolutely,' she answered in quick breathlessness. ' In those days I was supercilious and disdainful, being taught to'regard my dignity as grand duchess with too great a conceit to make a mes alliance. Mv mother used constantly to urge that iu the marriages contracted by members of our family love was not absolutely necessary—position was everything. Well, the months went by. We left Algiers, returned to Petersburg, and soon afterwards my mother died, leaving me alone. I found myself possessor of great wealth, and when, after a period of mourning, I reappeared in society I was courted and flattered by all sorts and con ditions of men. In a year I grew tired of it all and louged to return tn Englaud, the land wherein I had spent many years of my youth; there fore I engaged-a woman to pose as my mother, .and. dropping my title, went to London, and lived there ns Ella Laing. Theu—then I met you,' and sho paused, looking earnestly into my face with her deep blue eyes. To me she had em bodied everything that was fair, honour able, and pure, yet 1 had dreaded some sinister peril from an uuknown source. , 'And we loved each other.' I said, simply. ' Yes,' she went on fervently. ' But from the first I was fettered, being unable to act as my Heart prompted. I loved you fondly, and knew you wished to make inu your wife, yet I dared not to risk such a step without the per mission of our House. I went to Petersburg, explained who and what you were, aud craved leave to marry you. A family council was held, hut the suggestion was unanimously de nounced as a piece of sentiiueutal follv. All, shall I ever forget that night? I pleaded to them upon niv knees to let me obtain- happiness, in your love, but they were iuexorable and refused. At length, when in a moment of des pair I threatened that if shut out from love by the barrier of birth I would cud my life, a suggestion was. made—a horrible, infamous one, prompted by MakaroJf, 3Iiuistcr of the Household. Yet I was ready to commit any act, to do anything iu order to secure happiness with you. Permission was given me to marry you on condition that 1 entered the Secret Service as spy. I appealed personally to the Czar, but iu vain. You were in the Earl of Wani haui's confidence, and it was seen that from you I could obtain information which would be of the greatest utility to our Foreigu Department-.' ' So you accepted,' 1 said, stonily. ' Yes, I accepted their abominable con ditions" because I loved you so well, Geoffrey,' she said, gloomily, her trembling baud upon my shoulder. 'It was not my fault, indeed it wasn't. If I had known what was to follow I would have killed myself rather than bring about all the trouble and disaster for which I became responsible.' ' No,' I said. ' Dou't speak like that.' 'I would,' she declared, in a despair ing way. 4 What followed was n dark, mysterious tragedy, while all the time I knew that you must suspect—that, after all, you might forsake me. Within a week after bind ing myself irrevocably to the Czar's army of spies I made a discovery that held me appalled. I found that my master, the man to whose will I was compelled to submit, was none other than our discharged valet de chambre— the. man who two years before had declared his love. At the time my mother had eugnged him he was already in the secret service, and had no doubt kept watch upon us. He came to ine at the Nook, and, exulting in the fact that I had become his puppet, reuewed his protestations of i affection. "When, frankly, I told him j that I hated him and loved only you, j he at once informed me, with a grin of \ satisfaction, that the department in1 Petersburg found it compulsory to obtain possession of a copy of a secret convention at that moment being con cluded between your country and Ger many, and that I must get possession of! it at any cost, through you. It was in older that I might betray you that the imperial permission had been given to our marriage. In indignation I refused, whereupon he threatened to expose me to you :ts a Russian spy, and I saw only too clearly that any such revelation must end for ever our acquain tance. He cajoled, urged, threat ened, and explained all the elaborate precautions that hud been taken by two clerks in Russian pay at your Foreign Office in order that on a certain day you should carry the precious document in-your pocket, and how he had prepared the dummy envelope scaled with your Minister's seal. At last—at last, after striving long and vainly against the performance of this ignominious action that I knew must reflect on your honesty, I was compelled to submit. Ah ! you can never know what agony I suffered. I verily believe that in those few days the terrible vengeance of that scoundrel drove me insane. The hideous ghost of tho past i causes me to shudder whenever I think of it.' I echoed her sigh, but no word escaped* me. Her revelations were astounding. I had never suspected her of being actually a spy, although the discovery of the stolen convention in her escritoire had lent colour to that view. "" • 'I deceived you,' she went oirina. . hard monotonous voice. * But only be-11J cause I loved you so fondly, and dreaded -. . that this man,, who Had long ago vowed-' to wreck * my life, would expose, and thus part us. Yet I could not bring" myself to commit the- theft. How' could I place upon you—the man who was all in allto mo—the stigma of having - traitorously sold your country** secrets ? • The mau who held me enslaved, and whose attentions I had spurned, exulted iu liis malevolent revenge. Once he offered, if I would reuouuee all thought of you and treat him with more cor diality, to commit the theft himself, but 1 refused, determined at all hazards to remain with you as long as possible: . Once it was thought that the secret con-, vontion would bo sent to Wnroham Hall, and J was compelled to go down • there to devise some means of obtain ing it. I found Dudley staying in the village, aud wo returned to* London to gether. Theend mustsooucouie, I knew. - Therefore I lived ou in daily terror of. what must follow. At last the day v dawned on which I had to meet you at the Foreign Office,., ami fitch from you the bond of nations. After breakfast.! stood out mi the lawn by the sunny. river's brink, contemplating suicide rather than your ruin, when there.-.', rowed up to the steps Dudley Ogle, who •. hailed me, inviting me to pull up to Windsor, and there lunch with hint. l. At once I accepted, and after embarking told him of my dilemma, and besought his assistance. As you know, lie was a." good amateur conjurer, aud skilled in !• feats of sleight of hand. Without; thought of the consequences he resolved. • to commit the theft for my sake, and wheu I had fully explained all the facts and given him the dummy en velope .that the cunning chief of the " Okhraunoe Otdelenie " had prepared, he turned the boat and put me ashore. at the Nook, afterwards rowing rapidly down to Sheppertou to change and go at once to London.' k He diil this because he loved you V. X exclaimed sternly. r' 1 No,' she answered, reassuringly. ' Poor Dudley was simply my friend. He called on you and extracted the doeumeiit from your pocket while you lunched together, because he saw in.. what a dilemma 1 was. He'-snew i. . loved you dearly, anrl uevcr ouce spoke a single word of affection to mo. That I swear before heaven. What followed, his visit to Downing street I have only a hazy idea, so full of awful anxieties was that breathless day. From. Waterloo station he telegraphed to mo that he had successfully secured th« agreement and handed it to the chief o£ spies. The latter, who had beeu wait ing in Parliament street expecting me, seeing him, took in the situation at a glance, and approaching him aakcd for the document, which he had givou up. An hour afterward:!, fearing that you might suspect me, 1 telegraphed to I you at Shtipperfcon to dine ! with us, well knowing that j already the text of the convention I was at that moment being transmitted I to Petersburg, anil that war was im J minent. You came; you kissed me. C j loved you dearer than life, yet dreaded ! the frightful, consequences of the dus i tardly act I had instigated. Suddenly, while we were at dinner, and you worn laughing, happy and unconscious of tlio conspiracy against the peace of Europe, a thought fixshed* across my mind. T jwell knew that an. awful conHiet «£ armed forces must accrue from my deep, ; despicable cunning, and it occurred t> me, as I sat by your side, that I woukl, using the secret cipher I hud been pro vided .with, telegraph to Petersburg in •• the name of the chief of spies, assuring our'Foreign Department that a mistake had been made. I slipped out, and ; running down to the telegraph office „ just before ^ it closed, sent , a message to an unsuspicious looking address, . stating that the text of the convention already sent had been discovered to bo .V that of a rejected draft, and not that of . the actual defensive alliance that had - < : received the signature of the Emperor .> William.1 . j 'Then it was actually this message.of yours that prevented war!' I gaspodj, in h !, profound astonishment. : ■ •• 4 Yes,* she answered. 4Before receipt * of my telegram all' preparations worn} : being made for the commencement of j i , hostilities, button its arrival the G*ar a5j once countermanded tho mobilisation order, and Europe was thereby spared a terrible and. .bloody conflict. ■ Ah ! that ■was indeed a memorable niglit, brought to a conclusion by a -dark and terrible tragedy.' Her astounding disclosures held me dumbfounded. I remembered vividly how, during our lunch at the Ship, Dudley had risen and gone out to the bar to speak to an acquaintance. It was at that moment, haviug stolen the document from me, he glanced at its register number and imitated it upon the dummy, with which Ella had pro vided him. ] ' But how came you possessed of the original of the convention ?' I asked. : ' A week before I fled from you I received it by post anonymously,' she replied. • ' When compelled by my enemy to leave you and return here to lay true position, I unfortunately left it behind, and knew that, sooner or later, vou must discover it. The man who, with the Czar'8 authority, held me under the lash, still holds rue, the play thing of his spite, and threatens that if T allow you to come here and occupy your rightful place as my hushaud, he .will denounce.me to the British Govern .jnent as a spy. Hence, I am still his -puppet : still held by. a-bond of guilt that I dare not break asunder.' 'Be patient,' urged Sonia, in a deep, calm voice. ' Be patient, and you shall .vet be free.' ...... 'Ah1. Geoffrey,'solrhed my wife, he.r blanched, tearful face buried in her hands, ' you can never, I fear, forgive. 'After.all,..notwithstanding the glamour that must surround me aB grand duchess,'I am but a menu, despicable woman,' .who foully betrayed you, the axrnii-who loved me.' .'You atoned for-your crime by your successful effort, to preserve the peace of Europe,' I answered. ' Yes, yes,' she cried, with a quiver 5a her voice there was uo. mistaking for any note save that of love, ' hut, alas! I am in tho power, of an unscrupulous knave who parted us because he saw me happy with you. Can you ever forgive me? Can you, now you know of my un worthiness, ever say that you love inc as truly as you did in those bygone days at The Nook ? Speak ? Tell mo?'. ' ' Yes,' I answered, fervently pressing ' Jicr closely in affectionate embrace. ' I forguvc. you everything, darling.' You • sinned, hut; held as you have been, by '.the .hateful conditions imposed-*- upon you by a base, unprincipled villain; I cannot blame, but only pity you A. ' Then you still love me, Geoffrey ?' :hc cried panting, gazing up into my face. . For answer I bent until my lips met hers in a long and fond caress. In those moments of ecstacy I was con scious ■ of having regained the idyllic happiness long lost. Even though her story was full of hitter aud terrible sorrow; and rendered gloomy by the tragic death of ■ her self-sacrificing friend, the -truth nevertheless brought back to me tho joys and pleasures of life • that not long ago I believed had de • parted from me for ever. Again and again our lips met with murmured words of tender passion —she declaring that her crime had been flagitious and unpardonable, yet assuring me of what I now felt cou \inccd, that her love had been un wavering. If it were not that she had resolved to renounce her title and become my wife she would never have fallen beneath the vassalage of the infamous scoundrel who sought liersocial ruin. \- Thus we stood together locked in . each other's arms, exchanging once again vows of love eternal, while Sonia stood . watching us sad, silent, and motionless save for a deep sigh that once escaped her. She knew that supreme happiness had come to the woman she had ouee denounced as my bitterest foe. 