4 Sydney Miracle, INVESTIGATION BY AREPORTER. The Interesting case of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, who says that a few weeks ago he was Crippled-Partially Parlayzed, Suffering from Locomotor ., Ataxia, and Helpless. Doctors, HospitalAuthorities, and every one said he must Die as his Case was Hopeless. But they were mistaken. To-day he is a New Ilan, full of Life and Energy, his Crutches lie has Thrown Away, his Dead Limbs have Lifo, his Appetite has Returned and, in fac,hbe has a New Lease of of Life Out and Out, So much interest has been shown by our readers in this marvellous case that we have published the facts acain as they appeared in the Australian * Iorknan a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. IHe was discovered nursing a two-year- old baby, and his lace declared him to be oqe of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the s klnock at the door., In rep'y.to the preliminary questions, •..le said: "WYon want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell.yon. The facts may. be of value to those who was stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. Abut five years ago next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failine health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island."' "What were the symptoms P" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. they were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was Sincessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or sleep. n the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, *al he toll me that my case was utterly hopeless. lHowever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Iostiutions." S-' Did you make use of the order ? " " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Fire weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not got out of bed. I felt then that it ras all o:er with me, and only a question of days whean I would give up the ghost. My doctor was atlen inga me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for fire or six weeks. IHe came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomator ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal card, characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait and dilficulty in c-o ordinating voluntary movements. liHe told me that I mlgit last for ten years, and that 1 might never cet the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible). Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler maker in England, which I read in the Australia. WlIorktman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to more about. I. have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, san am now taking the fifth box. I can walkabout with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches hereo? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." Hle is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have save I his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day then he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cld bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I strengh} to' woik atthat Itr .'l am better to-day than I have been at any • time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. in the mantlepiece there is a box of opium and *morphia ills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But ithey can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who mknows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. Mly being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and confirms: what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which'arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anormia, pale and sallow complexion, general museular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, -pains'in the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not apnrgative. They are genuline only with the full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale . People, and are sold by chemists and Sstorekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Mledicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half.dozen for 14s Od: 