THE GEM FINDERS OF Arnheim's Land. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. Br CAPTAIN LAOX. (CoPYRIflllTED.) SYNOPSIS. Tho .prologue introduces the reader to a convict scene on the Swan River, Weat Aus tralia, in the year 1842, when one of thef dona (Number Two-nraaty- efchfc). lcllls Overseer Weld and escapes, Part I. shows the pearl fishing vessel, Luoihda.oaught in a cyclone near Cambridge Gulf, Northwest Australia, in 1865. Captain Preston runs the craft into tho Gulf for Bhelter, and anoliors in tho Victoria Rivor On making a survey of the district, a camp of blacks is seen, and a white man noticed amongst theni, whom they.determine to rescue. The attempt fails, but a rug worn by tho mysterious stranger is secured. On examina tion b there is found concealed in it gold, Ereoiotis stones, and a journal signed Luawig oiobhardt. The diary is read, mid shows that the writer must have undergone great Bufferings from hunger and thirst. Three days later the Luoindn puts to sea. During the night the Malays mutiny and throw Bar rows overboard. They attack Preston in the cabin, but he shoots four of them, and the others, witli the exception of the lender, Ala, leave in the lung boat. Going on deck Preo- ton is attacked by the Malay and stabbed, but the captain kills him and then f alls unconscious. Tho now derelict schooner is sighted by an In dian merchant vessel and takon on to Sbarlc Bay, West Australia, Preston's life being saved. On the trip two seatnon, named Elms and Fairleigh, who are nursing tho in jurod man, attempt to steal tho gems in tho cabin, but are frustrated by l)r. Ronnie. When tho trading vessel leaves for Melbourne the gems are sent »on for sale, while tho Lucmds, with Preston, remains at Shark Bay. It is found that the t wo seamen, Kline anil Fnirlcigh.havo deserted from the merchant vessel, and they board tho IiUcinda durinp tho night to seize tho precious stones, Foiled in that, they discover Leich- hardt's diary, and Kairleign gets off with it, Blips being killed by Sergeant Wills, Tho former is pursued, but the quest is unsuccess ful, and a few weeks later Preston's expedition go to Cambridge Gulf to begin the search for the gems. In the vicinity they observe a strange-looking peak, and, exploring it, aro greatly mystified with the curious discoveries made. The doings of the escapee, Fairloigh, are now explained. Tho ruffian is rescued by a pearling vessel named tho Bermer, partly owned by Captain Breton, to whom Fairleign tells his story, and the two decide to fit out an expedition and search fur the broosure. This idea is carried into effect, and the Burnier sails for Gambridgb Gulf with a party of eight. I PART XI. "Have you got a chart of Camhrulgo Gulf ? " Degraves asked. " Oh yes. I've got tho latest obtainable, but It is not very accurate, I suppose, Breton replied. The chart was spread out, whilst Fair- \- leigh, Breton, and Degraves examined it. " Now which of these rivers will we take?" Fairleigh asked, pointing to the Ord and the Viatoria. The argument was long and keen over tho .point, Fairloigh was in favor, of tho Ord,. whilst his two companions upheld tho Vic- toria'routo. Finally, tho men on dcelc were called down, and the majority being in favor of ths Victoria route; it was adopted as the best. Kent, one of tho men Bclocted liy Degraves, stated that two years pro- viously he had been in the Gulf, and made a trip of thro, or four miles up tho Viotoria river. Ho spoke so highly of it that his recommendation went far to turn the tide of opinion agaiost Fairleigii. Thoy wero yet a full. ton day's sail from tho month of tho river, so that there was plenty of time far them to change their minds were they so disposed. The long distance from Shark Bay to Cambridge Gulf was traversed with out mishap, and on the 16th of Maroli, the mouth of tho Viotoria was Bighted. Kent, who know tho navigation to some extent, was entrusted with tho steering, and 110 difficulty was experienced in sailing into the stream, As night fell, anchor was cast) and a striot watch kept. Tho locality had the undeserved reputation of being infested by dangerous blacks, but not the slightest sign could ho detectod during the hours of dark ness to support suoli an opinion. No gleam of aboriginal camp tire was to be soeh, and the whole district appeared to bo a barren solitude, bo far as human prcsenco was con- cerned. At daylight all hands were astir and eager to get away. The breeze wub scarcely percoptible, but just sufficient to move tho schooner lazily. Two boats were put out to tow, and under the in fluenco of these better progress was made. Although no eflcrts wero spared, not moro than soven miles wore covered that day, yet this was not disappointing. A heavy tropi cal shower, which must recently havo fallen in the ranges, caused tho ourrent to ho stronger than usual, and this rotarded the navigators. No work was done during the night, except to untch somo fish, which wuro plentiful la tho river Tho busluncn well knew how aoceptsblo these would be as an ' artiole of diet if salted, and a largo barrol was so treated. On the morning of tha second day a high peak was observed, but jas it lay to tho north-east, and, conse I quently, not on their line of march, little -notice was takon of it. It was from thiH ipoak that I'restnu and Barrows hud seen the blacks' camp, and ultimately found the whito man amongst thorn. Shortiy afternoon 011 tho fourth day'-tho further pro gress of the Bornier was cllectiially checked by a waterfall about ten feet in height. A considerable stream of water toppled over a rocky ledge, and formed below a magnificent basin into which the schooner floated. " T his seems to be our limit unlass wo tuko to tho beats," Fairleigii observed. > There was ub doubt of this, and it was decided to make a survey of the country be yond. Half-a-dozen of tho men landed, and proceeded ahead for somo Ave inllee. The stream was still fordable, but as it was quite impossible to get the Bcrnier into the upper reaches, there was nothing for it but to mako the main camp where the schooner lay. It was mutually agrocd that Lynch and M'Donaldshouldremaininchargoof the vessel whilst the others pushed on. One section argued in favor of taking two boats, and goirtg as far as poesiblo by water, but as threo paok horses had been brought, the majority thought this would be needless. Tho boats would havo to be abandoned at some point, and perhaps, whilst the owneri were away, the lilacks would steal them The future course of travel having thus been agreed on, all hands set themselves tn work on tho 20th of March, 1666, to make tho schooner sccuro from floods sr aberi glnnls, The large basin iu which the Bernlet lay form an excellent shelter. It was more then half a mile in diameter, and even In times of flood would be a safe haven. A strong cable was secured to tho stump of a oncehugctree, and the craft was allowed to float about flfty feet from the west bank of tho stream Canvas had heen brought from Fremsntleto make awlngs,- which secured tho deck and sides from the burning rays of tho emi which In summer heat down with great fury and within a week all was snug. , It will bo necessary now for tho render to rotarn. fa spirit, if not ia body, to | the plateau of ' Haunted ' Peak,' the name whioh Preston and hie companions had tacitly agreed to give the strange forma tion of granite on whioh they had seen suoh remarkable : things. As too hugo python swept With a loud rustling and hissing into the pass, the party stood in a state Of physical paralysis. It was only ior a few moments, however, as ' Wills, jumping forward to the mouth of the entrance, rose his rifle at the monster serpent, The ball buried.ltself in the baok of the reptile, but appeared to do it very little injury. It lashed itself for a moment or two against tho rocky sides, and then, with louder hissing, resnmed' its ooutso. One after another the men fired at the ser pen and every bullet struok it. From its position, none of them took fatal efleot, and the only result seemed to bo to lash the python into a stato of fury. Instead of gliding down it remained almost stationery, as if determined to block tha only avenue of escape which the party had. " We must end this somehow lads," Cap tain Preston said as he busied himself load ing the rifle. ' Another volley was poured into the pas- sage, but it only added to the feavful con tortions 0! tho serpent, and now it became evident that one of the bullets must have broken the reptile's baok. In anyether position this would have been a most desir able thing, bnt in the pass it was very dif ferent. With a broken hack the reptile, eould not move forward, and it thus blookcd the passage. The only possiblo courso to adopt was for one of tho party to make his way into the rooky gorge as near as it was safe to go, and try to shoot tho huge snake in the head. Unless this were dono, they might have to wait a week or a month for tho serpent to die, and whilst alive, no human being could pass over it with safety. It must have measured fully thirty feet in length, and its girth was extraordinary even for suoh a length. Each man knew exactly what was required, but for a minute or two none volunteered tho dangerous duty. At last Preston said : " I will go in and try to get a shot at its head. That is our only chance." Barrows, who was behind the group, camo forward at this, and added— " I will follow and hand you another rifle when you dischargo yours." This appeared to bo a good idea, and it wasatoiice noted, on. Going into tho pass as far hs he thought safe, the captain of the Lucinda tried to get n shot at the monster's head. At first sight this seemed to be easy. The rcptilo had fully loft, of its head und body uprearcd against tha sido of the great rock, but the had light and tho siuuous movements medo it almost iinpoBsibla to tako accurate aim. At last Preston fired, and the result was startliug. The bullet struck tho face of the rook near the reptile, and, glancing oil, carried awuy a small por. tion of the python's head. Maddened with pain, and doubtless startled by the flre-flash and tlo trcmeudous roport which rever berated around, tho gigantio serpent, by a supreme eflort, threw itself backward against' l'rcston, turning a completo somersault in doing so. The weight of the python, and tha forco with which it camo back, threw tho captain heavily backwards, and ho in turn knocked down Barrows. Tho lattor was not injured, but Preston being moro than half stunned, lay under the writhing mass of tho snako powerless to move. Seizing one of the captain's arms, Barrows managed to drag hiin from undor the hideous ineubns. 'J'lio stunned man was covered witli tho blond which flowed from tho reptile, and at first it appeared to tho spectators as if he must be seriously wounded.. This was not so, however, and being taken out on tho piatoau he soon recovered. The snake, by the topsy- turvoy movement it made, only hastened its deatji. Tiio head waB now facing the firing party at the entrance to the passage! and little difficulty was experienced in riddling the monster's head with hutiets, Whon it was considered safe to pass, tho men gingerly stepped along tho quivering enake, but they did not breathe withreliof until they reaohed the bottom of the passi Every momout they expected to be con fronted with another monster reptile, and in the place such a contingency was not to their liking. It was after 4 o'clock when- thoy got to the base of the peak, and ail agreed to return to the Lucinda for the night. . " 1 don't feci like doing anything more to day," Preston said, " Ugh ! I cau feel that snako yet. I once walked on a ' 'gatcr ' when orossing tha shallow entrance of a rivor, but the sensation was nothing to what I have just gone through," " I vote wo go back," chimed in Doctor' Bonnie," " bnt I am decidedly of opinion that we should come here again to- morrow and completo our survey. There is some thing strange about this phase, and If possiblo wo should find It out." This opinion was shared by all the other members of tho party, and was acted on. The intervening jungle was soon ro-travoraed and the Lucinda reached, when those left behind wero treated to aa uocount of the dny's adventures. "I am just ns glad yeu irsft me bohind,' Field remarked to the doctor, who narrated to him what had eccurrodi Shortly after daylight tho iollowiug morn ing a start was again made. As it 'was known blacks were Ir tho neighborhood they agreed that, as before, Dixon and Field aliould remain to guard tho Luoindn, and thoso wero in 110 way sverso to the arrange ment. The jungle was passed on thiB occasion without uny mishap, and tha foot of the Peak was soon reached. On Rauulo's advice It wis agreed to begin the work of exploration on the last side. This was the most accessable und the peculiar appearances of tho vicinity seemed to indicate that a discovery might be looked fur in that direo- tion, more no than in tho other places. There was a dense jungle of undergrowth in the gully whioh lay at the base ol tho clill'.lmt the timber did not quite extend to the rocky wall. This cleared space would permit the .firearms to he used if necessary and that was au important point with Utt explorers. If the rugged-looking cmfcienee were peopled by hidden aboriginal tliey might prove dangerous adversaries from the con sealmonts of the rocks, and it was essentially necessary that )hr white men thejid nvoid injury. X he pretence of Dr. Rennie was an acquisition if richness or wounds afflicted any of the party, but every n'ca was required for some duty in- other, and nono could be spared, if only ono met with a serious mishap It would mean tho toss of another's services, and with the few which composed the party that would ho a serious lessening of strength. With these views In their minds, it was little wander that extreme caution was the policy of all, and in making the venture now In progress Captain Preston kneiv u risk was being run. . After passing through the jttngto udj getting near the great face of rook, thai skipper of the Lucmda and Ronnie made ni careful eurvey of the surroundings, bntn nothing was seen to' give alarm. The place . was ' aB silent as if no life existed in ther neighborhood. Neither birds or nnitnajs oonld be heard or seen, and this foot gave a wlerd impression to the surroundings. Thero must be some potent cause for it as ini tho neighborhood thero were numerous birds, and the ridges half a mile distant swarmed with wallaby. Of course, if natives wore seoreted in the peak they might have soarod away other forms of animal life, and1 the faot strengthened the suspicion formed by the party with the exception of Barrows. He was still under tho idea the spot was taboo to the blaoks, in spite of what the captain's telescope had revealed. Moving cautiously along the base of the ollCf a jutting point was readied whioh shut off the eastern slope. It was denselyi clothed with beautiful creepers and formed a welcome relief to the bare rooks around. Passing around it, -the party onmo in front of tho groat oliff, whioh they wete going tn - explore. On this the rays of the morning sen wero streaming in golden aplondaur, and wero refloated back from the glistening granite ini prismatic hues. Every nook and ornnny on that side were lighted up by the penetrating sunbeams, and standing some distanoe book the members ef the party were enabled to Bee far into deep orevasses, In some instances these were of peonliar sbapejand oontour.but they all appeared un approachable except by means of ladders and ropes. For several hours the quest ass main tained, the party following the oourse of the sun. At noon they had approached the north western angle, and at that place the wails rose up sheer in a face of solid granite. Preston was particularly curious about this ; point, as it was near where he had seen tho two aboriginals disappear. As on the pre vious occasion, thero.did not seem to be tho slightest break in the foco, and gradually the seekers paused on. The captain was walking oloso to tho faco of the rook in a sort of disappointed mood, when suddenly hie oye caught something on the faco which arrested him at onoe. It appeared as if there was a block of stone fitted in to tho huge oliff. Calling to his companions who were a short distaiico ahoad, ha stoapod and pieked op a piece of stone which lay at hand. Striking the suspicious pluco, he was sensible that it gave baok a hollow sound, and just as his wondering Comrades returned ho repeated the stroke. This time there was no mis. taking the fact that an aperture existed. Giving two more vigorous blows, a piece 0$ granite about 2ft. Gin. square fell back, re vealing a dark passage. Jumping to. ono sido,Proston lifted his rifle as if in fear that an attack would bo made from within, but it might havo heen the entrance to a vault so fur as such a result followed. All was silent as the grave, but the ai> which came ont was not so fetid as on - - would expect from such a place. After a, few moments, Rennie leaned into the aper ture, and when his eyes became aceuatomed to the gloom, he said : " l ean see a faint light a long way back.l Had wo not butter venture in ?" "Yes, wo hove got toiohes, and must explore this place. It is somewhat risky, as we may get a spear thrust or two, but I sin determined to explore the place," sold l'restou. Some rough torohes had been improvised the previous night in anticipation of bi cavern search, and 0110 of theso being lighted it was held into, the nponing. A couple 00 feet below was a solid floor of rock, audi without hesitation l'reston got through ths opening and stood- on the floor. Tho piece of granite whioh concealed the entrance. had fallen down on a hod of dried grass and leaves, ovidently put there to prevent it boing broken. This was ample oonfirpiatioo that tho place was used by the blaoks as a shelter or retreat. Ono aftefti the other all 5vo men got into t-ho passage, and the blaza of thu united torches gavu a brilliant, though somewhat flickering light, aomo distance ahead. Tho passage was fully 20 feet high, by a dozen in breadth, and for more than 100 foct it ran in a duo easterly direction into the hill. At tho end itbranohed into several smaller avenues, and soeiug a glimmer of light- at the end of ono of theso, it was followed. Eaoli man kept a rifle ready for iiiBtant action, and as they also carried two pietols aud a short sword, they were afraid: of nothing savo a surprise. Proston, 'wlto was leading, was 10 or 12 feet from the doctor, and as the oaptain of the Lucinda ' reached the end of the branching passage lio stopped us quiukly as if he saw a ghost, and then retreated two or, .three paces. Instantly every man had his rifle to his shoulder, ex pecting uii attack, but it came not. " What is tho matter ?" Rennie asked 1» a hoarse whisper, as Preston turned to him with a faco on which ear was clearly written. "Go and look," wob the only answer vouchsafed, ' " Blaoks ?" queried the doctor. . ".Devils, I think," . camo the not re assuring response. . For. a few niomente Rennia thought his friend's mind must be unhinged, bnt an Barrows camo to his side ho took his arm,, and the two incn went forward, closely fol lowed by presto 11 pud the others. In such a dim mysterious ptaco it was not to bo wondered that something akin to awe, if not to fear, should easily seize upon men, andi assuredly it had on tho exploriug party. An tho dqptor. and Barrows reached the end of V tile rocky ledge which shut out their vision from thu spot where the gleam of .light shone, they beheld one of tho most extra ordinary sights that :had ever crossed their vision,. , A.lntga amphitheatre extended round, giving a floor space of about an acre. Tha lofty walls shot up sheer for fully 100 feet, and tho aoncavo roof vvhioli vaulted over seemed to be hung with silvery lights. In ' four places n stream of bright light sliotf through. the roof and throw quite a radiance around. From different parts of the circular wall parti-colorod reflections came, showing that the substnnce of which it was composed must bo. of various aolors and sixtta. In was not this, however, wnich caused toe silent spectators to gaze as II spell-bound at the speclac'v before them. It was magni ficent, ' but the sight widen rivetteil -their eyes was horrible. From every part of the wall which fronted them uncouth .end frightful visages, half human, half devilish, glared down npnn tliem, and in tho queer light, and from the glistening stone, it almost seemed- as if they were imhued with life. In somei places tho figures of gigantic animals,, monstrous in their aspect and- sliapo, loomed out of tho rock, and the whole place, at first sight had the appcavauce ol a super- r, natural Chamber ol Horrors. - . . > ; 1 " , : , \ s.::, 