THE STOaYTELLEB ' The Vintage.' A Story of the Greek War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of 'Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER XIII. Mitsos arrived at Corinth next night alter a very long day and found a caique starting in an hour or two for Patras. He had but time to leave Nicholas's message to the Mayor of the towu, get food, and bargain for a passage to Patras for him self and his pony ; the wind was but light and variable through the night, but next day brought a fine singing breeze from the east, and about the time that he landed at Patras Maria saw below her from the top of the pass the roof of the monas tery ashine with the evening sun from the squall of rain which had crossed the hills that af ter nooQ. Her little pinch-eared mule went gaily down through the sweet- smelling pine forest -which clothed the upper slope below which the monas tery stood, and every now and then she passed one or two of the monks engaged on their work, some burning charcoal,, some clearing out ihe water channels -which led from the snow water stream, all milky and hurrying aftor a day of sun, down to the vineyards ; others with their cas socks kilted up for going, piloting timber- laden mules down home, and all gave Maria a good-day and a good journey. Outside the gate a score or so of the elder men wtrc enjoying the last Lour of sunlight, sitting on the stout benches by the fountain, smoking and talking together. One of these, tall and white bearded, let Iris glance rest on Maria as she rode jauntily down the path, but, when, instead of pass ing by on the road, she turned her mule aside up the terrace in front of the gate, he got up quickly with a kindled eye and spoke to the brother next to him. ' Has it come,' he said, ' even as Nicholas told us it might ? ' and he went to meet Maria. ' God bless your journey, my daughter,' he said, ' and what need you of us ? ' Maria glanced round a little nervously. ' I want to speak to Father Priketes, my father,' she said. ' You speak to him ' ' Have you corn, father ? ' she said. A curious hush had fallen on the others, and Maria's words were audible to them all. At her question they rose to their feet and came a little nearer, and a buzzing whisper rose and died awar again. ' Corn for the needy, or corn for the Turk ? ' asked Priketes. ' Black corn for the Turk. Let there be no famine, and have fifteen hundred men ready to carry it when the signal comes, and that will be soon. Not far will they have to go ; it will be needed here, at Kalavryta.' Maria slipped down from her mule and spoke low to Priketes. ' Ard, oh, father, there is something more, but I cannot remember the words I was to use. But I know what it meane, for Mitcos, the nephew of Nicholas, told me.' Father Priketes smiltd. ' Say it then, my daughter.' ' It is this. If you have guns to be stored in readiness southwards, get them back. It will not happen just as Nicholas expected. You will want all your men and arms here.' '? It is well. What will the signal be ? ' ' I know not, but in a few days Mitsos will come from Patias. Oh, you will know him when you see him — as (all as a pillar and a face it does you good to look upon. He knows, and will tell you.' ' I will expect Mitsos, then,' said Priketes. ' You«will stay here to-night. There shall be made ready for you the great guest room, for you are an honoured guest — the room where the daughter of an empress once lodged. Maria hesitated. ' I could get back to Fome village to-nighr,' she said. ' I ought not to delay longer than I need.' *' And shame our hospitality ? ' said Priketee. Besides, you are a conspirator now, my daughter, and you must be careful. It would not do to re turn at dead of night to where you slept before with no cause to give. To-morrow you shall go back and say how pleased your novice brothar was to see you, and the lie be laid to the account of the Turk, who fills our mouths perforce with these things, an3 how you had honour of the monks. Give your pony to the lad, my daughter. It shall be well cared for.' So Maria had her chance and took it. An ad venture and a quest for the good of her country was offered her, and she embraced it, For the mo ment she rose to the rank of those who work person - ally for the good of countries and great communi liec, and then passed back into her level peasant life again. Gouvra, as it tinned out, took no part in the deeds that were coming. Its land was land of the monastery, and the Turk never visited its sequestered valley with cruelty, oppression, or their lustful appetites. Yet the great swelling news that came to the inhabitants of that little mountain village — only as in the ears of children a seashell speaks remotely of breaking waves — had to Maria a reality and a nearness that it lacked to others, and her life was crowned with the knowledge that she had for a moment laid her finger harmoniously on the harp which made that glorious symphony. Mitsos's work at Patras was easily done. Ger manos was delighted with the idea of the forged letter from the Turk, and was frankly surprised to hear that the notion was born of the boy's brain. He was a scholar, and quoted very ele gantly tie kindied notion of Athene, who was wisdom, springing full- grown from the brain of Zeus, for Mitsos'e idea, so he was pleased to say, was complete in itself, and required no further development. Mitsos did not know the legend to which the primate referred, and go he merely ex pressed his gratification that the scheme was con sidered satisfactory. The affair of the beacons took more time ; for Miteos, on his journey south back to Panitza, would have to make ar rangements for their kindling, and it was thus necessary that their situation should be accessible to villages where Nicholas' scheme waB known, and where the boy could find someone to under take to fire each beacon as soon as the next beacon south was kindled. Furthermore, though Germa nos knew the country well, it would be best for Mitsos to verify the suitability of the places chosen, ' for,' as the Archbishop said, ' you might burn down all the pinewoods on Tay getus, and little should we reck of it if Taygetus did not happen to be visible from Lvcaon. but we should stand here like cliildien with toy swords, till the good black corn grew damp and the hair whitmed on our temple*.' As at present arranged Mitsos would be back at Panitza on the 10th of March, after which, as Nicholas had told him, there would be more work to do before he could go for Yanni at Tripoli. It was, therefore, certain — taking the shortest esti mate — that the beacon bignal could not possibly occur till March the twentieth, but on that even in, and every evening after, the signalmen must be at their posts waiting for the flame to spring up ou Taygetus. For the beacons between Patras and Megaspelaion there would be no difficulty — two at high points on the mountains would cer tainly carry all the way, and the only doubtful point was where to put the beacon which should be intermediate between that on Taygetus and that on Helmos, which latter could signal to one directly above the monastery. Germanos was in clined to think that a certain spur of Lycan, lying off the path to the right, some four miles from Andritaaena, and lying directly above an old tem ple, which would serve Mitsos as a guiding point, would answer the purpose. If so, it could be worked from Andrittaena, and the priest there, at whose house Mitsos would find a warm welcome, if he stayed there for the night, would certainly undertake it. Mitsos went off again next day with the solemn blessing of the Archbishop in his earn and (he touch of kindly hands in hi3, and reached Megas pelaion that night. Here was news oE Maria's safe arrival. 'And a brave lass she in,' paid Father Priketes. The business of the bonfires was soon explained, and next morning Father Priketes himself ac companied Mitsos on his journey to the top of the paes above the monastery, in order to satisfy him self that from there both the point fixed upon on the flank of Helmon, and also that towards Patras, was visible. Their way lay through the pinewoodfi, where Maria had come three days before, and a hundred little streams ran bubbling down through the glens, and the thick lush grass of the spriug time was starred with primroses and sweetsmel ling violets. Above that lay an upland valley all in cultivation, and beyond a large bleak plateau of rock, on the top of which the beacon was to burn. {Continued on page GIG.) At the temple door Dimitri stopped, for in the centre of the great chamber stood one whom it dizzied his eyes to look upon. Fair was he, and young, and from his fate there shone a beauty and glory winch belongs not to mortal man.— Chapter XIII. Another half -hour's climb took them on to this, a strange unfriendly place, with long parallel strata of grey rock, tipped by some primeval convulsion on their side, and lying like a row of razors. In the hollows and the rockB the snow was stiil lyipg, but the place was alive with the whiiper of new-born streams. A few pine trees only were scattered over these gaunt surfaces, but in the shelter of them sprang scarlet windflowers, and hairbells shivering on their spriug-like stalks. A few minutes' inspection was enough to show that the place was well chosen ; to the Bouth rose the great mass of Helmos, and from there they could see a sugar-cone rock standing rather apart from the main mountain, some fifteen miles to the south, just below which lay the village of Leon dari, where Mitsos was bound, and towards Pafc ras, the contorted crag above Mavromati. Here, so PriketeB promised, should a well -trusted monk watch every evening from March the twentieth and onward, and as soon as he saw the blaze on Helmos, he should light his own beacon, waiting only to see it echoed above Mavromali, and go straight back with the news to the monastery. And the Turks at Kalavryta, so paid Priketee, for it was on Kalavryta that the first blow was to descend, should have cause to remember the vengeance of the sword of God, which his sons should wield. From Leondari, above which stood the crag of Helmcs, where the beacon was to be, it was im possible to see Andritsaena, but the mass of Ly caon stood up fine and clear behind where Andrit saena wan, and a series of smaller peaks a little to the west, were, so Mitsos hoped, the hills above the temple. He and his host climbed up the bea con hill, and took very careful note of these, and next morning Mitsos set off at daybreak to An driteaena, which he reached in a day and a half. The country through which he travelled was ..-up ? posed by the Turks to be quite free from any dis affection to their rule, and his going was made without difficuly or accident. He found the house of the priest, to whom Geimanos had given him a letter, and aftir dinner the two set off on a fair cloudless afternoon to the hills above the temple. An Englishman, whom the priest described as a tall man with inapa and machines, had been there only a few years before, and had made wonderful drawings of Hie place, and had told them it was a temple to Apollo, and that the ancient Greek name for it was BasFse. ' Yet I like not the place,' said Father Zervas. An hour or so after their departure, however, clouds began to gather in the sky, and as they went higher, they found themselves advancing into the heart of a white stagnant mist, which lay like a blanket over the hillside, and through which the sun seemed to hang, white and lumin ous, like a china plate. This promised but ill for the profit of their ride, but the priest said it was worth while to pueh on ; those mis*s would be scattered in a moment if the wind got up — he had seen them roll away, as the housewife rolls up the bed-linen. But 86 they got higher the mist seemed to thicken, and when by the priest's com putation they must be near the temple they could scarcely see ten yards before them, and the pine trees marched swiftly into their narrow field of vision and out again, like dark grey ghosts. By degrees these shadows of trees grew rarer as the hillside rose beyond the range of pines, when sud denly, after moving ten minutes or more across a waste and featureless flank of hill, gigantic shadows peered at them from in front, and a great range of columns faced them. Mileos's pony, tired with the four days' journey, was lag ging behind, and Mitsos had got off to relieve it on the steeper part of the ascent, when suddenly there came from out of the chill blank fog a scream like that of a lost soul. For one moment a superstitious fear clutched at the boy, and his pony startled, went off at a nimbler pace to join the other, and Mitsos had to break into a run to k^epup. The next minute the sun peered whitely through the mists, and in five seconds more the wind, which had screamed so shrilly, was upon them. In a moment the hill side was covered with flying wreaths of vapour, which the wind tore smaller and smaller till there was nothing left of them, ripping them oft the edares of the larger clouds, which it drove like fheep down the valleys, and as Mitsos gained the ridge where the temple stood a brilliant sun, set in cloudless blue, looked down upon the great grey columns. At their feet in every direction new valleys, a moment before muffled in mist, were being carved out among the hillsides, and already far to the south the plain of Kalamata, rimmed with a dim dark pea, sparkled green thirty miles away. Through the valley through which they had come some conflicting current of air tilted the mist up in a tall column of whirling vapour as if from some great stewing pot below, and as it streamed up into the higher air it melted away and dissolved into the blue, and in five minutes the whole land, noith, south, east, and west, was as clear and blue as a sapphire. Mitsos gazed in wonder at the grey columns, which seemed more to have grown out of the hill than to have been built by the hands of men, but the priest hurried him on. ' It is as I hoped,' said he. ' The wind has dri ven the clouds off ; but they may come back. 'We must go quickly to the top of the hill.' Mitsos left his pony grazing by the columns, and ran up the brow of the hill some.two hundred feet above the temple. Northward, Helmos pointed a 6nowy fiuger into the sky, and sharp cut on Us eas'ern face stood the cone above Leon dari, as if when the hills were set upon the earth by the stir of its forces it had been placed there for the beacon. Then, looking southwards, they saw Taygetus rise shoulder above shoulder into the sky, offering a dozen vantage points. But Father Zervas was a cautious man. 'It seems clear enough, Mitsos,' he said ; 'but TaygetuR ie a big place. This will I do for greater safety. You go straight south, you fay, and will be at Ka^mata two evenings from now, and on the third night you will sleep at some village on the pass crossing over to Sparta. On that night, di rectly after sundown, I will kindle a beacon here, and keep it kindled for two hcurs, and in that time you will for certain be able to choose a well seen place for the blaze of Taygetus. Look, it is even as I said, the mists gather again. But the winds of God have favoured us, and our work is done.' Even as he spoke, a long tongue of mist shot up from the valley below, and advanced up the hill like the tide at its flowing, and MitsoB ran down quickly in order to find his pony in ca*e it had strayed even thirty yards or forty, before tha clouds swallowed them up again. But he found it where he had lift it browsing contentedly the sweet thyme and mountain grass, and for a couple of minutes more, before the earth and sky were blotted out, he gazed with wonder at the tall grey ruins, which stood there in the silonce and beauty of the hills, still unknown to all but a few travellers, and to the shepherds that fed their flock in summer on the hilltops, a memorial of the life and death of the worship of beauty and the god of sunlight and perpetual youth. He waited there till the priest joined him, and was surprised to see him cross himself as he parsed by the door into the temple, and asked why he did so. 'It is a Btory,'he said, ' which folks tell about here. 'Whether I believe it or not, I know not, and so lam careful. We will make haste down this valley, for it is not good to be here after night.' ; : The mist had risen again over the whole hill side, but not thickly, and as they turned to go Mitsos looking back saw a strange shaft of light streaming directly out at the ruined door of the temple, the effect, no doubt, of the sun which was near its setting, striking through some thin layer of cloud.' 'Look,' he said to the priest, ' one might almost think the temple was lit from within.' Father Zervas looked round, and when he saw it dropped off his horse and on to his knees on the gound, and began muttering prayers, crossing him self the while. Mitsos looked at him in surprise, and saw that his face was deadly pale, and a strangling anguish gripped at the muscles of his throat. The light cast through the temple door meantime had shifted and faded, and when Father Zervas looked up from his prayers it was gone. ' Quirk, quick,' he said to Mitsos, ' it is not good to be here,' and, mounting on his pony, he fairly clattered down the hillside, and did not draw rein till they had reached the main road from Andritsaena. Mitsos followed, half amused, but conscious of a lurking fear in his mind, a fear bred by the memory of winter evenings when he was a boy, and used to hear strange Btories of shapes larger than human which had been seen floating like leaves in the wind round the old temples on the Acropolis, and cries that came from the hills of J3gina, where stood the house of the god, at the sound of which the villagers in the hamlets below would bolt their doors and crouch huddling round the fire, ' making the house good,' as they said, by the reiterated 6ign of the cross. Then, as he grew older, his familiarity with morning and evening and night in lonely placeB had caused these stories to bR half f jrgotten, or remembered only as he remembered the other ter rors and pains of childhood, the general distrust of the dark, and the Btorms that came swooping down from the hills above Nauplia. But now, when he saw the flying skirts of Father Zervas waving dimly from the mist in front, and heard the hurried clatter of his pony's feet, he followed at a good speed and in 6ome confusion of mind. Zervas had stopped on reaching the high road, and here Mitsos caught him up. ' Ah, ah,' he gasped ; ' but it is a sore trial the Lord has sent me, for T am no brave hand when it comes to what is no human thing. It is even as Dimilri said, for the evil one is there, the one whom he saw under the form of a young man, very fair to look upon, but evil altogether, a son of the devil.' And he wiped a cold dew of horror from his brow. Milbos felt a little disposed to laugh, but the man's teiror was too real. ' But what did you see, father ? ' he asked, ' for me I saw naught but a light shining through the door.' 'That was it, that was it,' said Zervas, ' and I — I have promised Germanos to see to the bea con business, and on that hill shall I have to watch, while perhaps the young man, evil and fair, watches for me below. I cannot pass that way, for my heart turns to cold water at the thought. I shall have to climb up from the other valley, so that I pass not the place, and then per haps with the Holy Cross on my breast, and the cross in my hand, I shall go unhurt.' ' But what was it Dimitri saw ? ' asked Mitsop. ' It was this way,' said Father Zervas, who was growing a little more collected, as they at tained a greater distance from the temple. ' One evening, a spring evening as it might be to-day, Dimitri of our village, whum I know, was driving his nheep down from the hill above the temple, where the beacon will be, and being later than he knew, the eun had set ere he came down to where the temple stands, and as he could not drive the sheep in the dark down the glen, he bethought himself to encamp there, for the night was warm, and he had food enough with him and wine for two men. Inside the temple is of two rooms, and into the hindermost of theee he penned the sheep, and in the other he lit a sparkle of fire, and sat to eat hiB supper. And having finished his sup per, he lay down to sleep, but no sleep came near him, and feeling restless he sat up and smoked awhile. But his unrest gained on him, twitching his limbs and bidding him go, so out he fared on the hillside to see if he could find sleep there, or at any rate get air, for it seemed to him that the temple had grown strangely warm, and filled with some sweet and curious perfume. Outside it was cooler, he thought, and eo sitting down in a hollow of the hill opposite the temple gate he nestled down in the grasses, and again tried to sleep. But it seemed to him that from below there came dim sounds of song such as men sing on festa days, and, looking down to see from where such voices came, he saw, even as you saw and I, a strong great light shining out of the tem ple door, and next moment came a clattering and pattering of feet, and out through the door rushed his sheep, which must have leaped the barrier of boughs he had put up, and ran scattering dumb and frightened in all directions. He got up and hurried down to stop any that, were left, for as for herdiug the others he might as weli have tried to herd the moonbeams, for the night was dark, and he saw them only in that great light which shone out from the temple. So down he ran, but at the t- mpie door he stopped, for in the centre of the great chamber Btood one whom it dazzled his eyes to look upon. Fair was he and young, and lithe as a deer on the mountains, and from his face there shone a beauty and a glory which belong not. to mortal man. Over one shoul der was slung a quiver of gold, and in his right hand he carried a golden bow, golden sandals were on his feet, and on his head a wreath of wild laurel. For the rest he was as naked as the summer sky at noonday, and as glorious ; two fingers of his left hand were wound in the hair of one of Dinaitri's rams, the father of the flock, and the beast stood quiet and not afraid. No other light there was in the temple, but his splendour which shone through the door all came from him. Only in front of the god still mouldered the fire by which Dimitri had eaten his supper, but that seemed to have burned larger than before, and a little blue smoke that came toward him was full of some wonderful sweet perfume. A nd as he stood there, striken to stone, marvelling at the beauty of the youth, and forgetting in his wonder to be afraid, the god — yet no god was he, but only evil' — said Zervas hastily, again crossing1 himself, ' raised his eyes to him, and said, ' Thou that makest a sheup-pen of my sanctuary, art thou not afraid ? ' ' But he spoke, so said Dimitri, not unkindly, and in the lustre of his eyes there was something wonderful, that he knelt down, and said, ' I knew not, Lord, that it was thine.' Then said the other — ' ' For penalty and yet for thine honour, this ram is mine,' and he struck the beast lightly on the head, at which it sank down, and moved no more. ' Then said the god again, ' It is long since I . have looked on your race ; not so fair are they now as they used to be ' — and in truth Dimitri is an ugly loon— ' but this shalt thou learn of me, how joy is better than self-sacrifice, and beauty than wisdom or the fear of God.' ' And at this he held out his hand to him, but Dimitri was suddenly smitten by the knowledge that this beautiful youth was more evil than the beasts of the field, and in wild despair he be thought himself of his only safety, and made in the air, though feebly, for his heart had half surrendered, the sign of the cross. With that a shuddering blackness came over his spirit and his eye, and when he came to himself he was lying on the dew-drenched pavement of the temple, and close to him the ram, dead, but with no violent mark on him, and looking in at the temple door, but coming not in, the rest of the flock, of which none was missing. That is ten years ago, but Dimitri will not speak of it still, and I had half thought before to-day that it was an idle tale, but when I saw the light shining out through the temple door an hour ago, it was fresh borne in upon me that it was true, albeit one of the dark things of the world at which we cannot even guess. Yet, for Christ protected him, he will surely protect me when I go on the beacon work, for it is His work ; but lest I tempt God, I will climb up that hill on the other side, and keep my eyes away from the temple, and plant the Holy Cross between me and it.' Mitsos knew not what to make of all this ; the fact that Dimitri, in Zervas's phra.se, had wine for two men with him, might have explained the signifi cance of what he had seen, but, being a Greek, his mind was fruitful soil for all things ghostly and superstitious. ' Tfc is very strange,' he said. ' Yet, father, you will not go back from the work ? ' ' I will do it faithfully,' said Zervas, ' and then I shall be hi the hand of the Lord.' It was the middle of March when Mitsos again found himself climbing the steep hillside into Panitza. Night had fallen two hours before, clear and keen was the sky, and clear and keen the vigorous mountain air. The crescent moon, early setting, bad slipped behind the snowy spear head of Taygetus, but the heaven was all aglow with stars burning frostily. His work had all been done quickly and well, and after he had seen the beacon at Baspse three nights before shine like a glowworm to the north and then shoot out a tongue of flame and liak a low-lying star, he had travelled night and day, only giving himself a few hours occasionally for sleep, and walking as much as he rode, to ppare the pony, who seemed, as they came into Panitza, with Mitsos only resting a hand on its neck, to be the more weary of the two. He went up the village street to Petrobey's house, but found the door into the courtyard closed, and only Osman at first answered his knocking by a furious bark 'Osman ! Osman ! ' called Mitsos, ' be quiet, and let them hear within ! ' Osman recognised his voice, and whined impa tiently while Mitsos knocked again. At last he heard the house-door open, and Pecrobey's voice calling out ' Who is there f ' ' It is I, cousin,' shouted the boy. ' It is Mitson.' Petrobey ran across the courtyard, and the next moment Osman tumbled out to welcome Mitsos of the clan, and he led the pony in. ' Ah, it is good to see you, little Miteo0,' i-aid Pelrobey. ' You have oome very quick ; we did not expect you till to-morrow.' ' les, I have come quick,' said Mitsos, ' and oh, cousin, do not talk to me before I have eaten, for I am hungrier than the deer in winter, and the pony is dead tired.' ' Give him me,' said Petrobey, ' and go in side ; you will find supper ready, and Nicholas is here.' ' Nay, it i6 not fitting that you should look to the pony,' said Mitsos. ' Little Mitsos get you in,' said Petrobey, and he led the pony off, for he had hoard from Nicho las of Mitsos's oath to Yanni, and how, though for a reason Nicholas did not understand, Mitsos had been very loth to leave Nauplia, but had gone at once, and with that fine instinct so unreason able and yet so beautiful, to serve those a man ad mires he wished to do this little service for the boy. Nicholas and he had talke 1 it over, and Petrobey 6aid it was clear that Mitsos was in love, and Ni cholas was inclined to agree, though they could not fprm the smallest guess as to who the girl might be. Mitsos had a prodigious supper, and Nicholas having given him a handful of tobacco he declared himself capable of talking, and put forth to them a full account of his journey, and in turn asked what news. ' Much news,' said Petrobey. ♦' a little bad and a great deal of good. The bad comes firBt, and it is this. Nicholas is afraid that it will soon be known at Tripoli that he is here, and that will be very inconvenient. Two days ago he met two Turkish soldiers, and he thinks they recognised him. They were going to Tripoli, and it will not suit me at all well if they send again to ask me to find him, for we have other work to do, and already the clan is moving up into the mountains so as to be ready for the work, and to send twenty men after Nicholas would be most inconvenient, for I expect they will make two or three Turkish soldiers go with them to see that they try to find him.' ' That does not matter, cousin,' said Nicholas, ' but it is the thought of Yanni in Tripoli which vexes me, At present, of course, he is perfectly safe, but supposing a message comes that you or I are ordered to be at Tripoli in three days ? ' Potrobey laughed. ' Mehemet Salik dare not,' he said, ' ho simply dare not. They have no cause to su6pect me, and if the wore' comes to the worst he can. but send out men to search for you.' Mitsos yawned. ' Yet I wish Yanni were here,' he said, ' for I love Yanni, and I have sworn to him the oath of the clan. But I am sleepier than the noonday owl. When do you suppose I may go for him, cousin ? ' ' In a week or less, I hope, and in the interval there is the fire-ship work for you to learn. Of that to-morrow, so get you to bed, little Mitsos.' Mitsos got up with great sleepy eyeB and stretched himself. 'A bed with sheets,' he said. ' Oh, but I thank the Mother of God for beds.' (To be continued.') 