NOVEL. A Judicial Error, By Marian Manyille Hope. CHAPTER II. — (Continued. ' Why, Caleb !' she had exclaimed, ' what is fiie matter ? Are you ill ?' Perceiving that her brother hardly ap peared to hear her, but brushed past and hurried towards his room, Catherine who was by- that time thoroughly alarmed, fol lowed, and entered immediately behind him. Donald Matheson was sitting in an easy chair beside a table, on which stood a student's lamp with a very powerful burner. The room was large . and rather bare, littered with books and papers, with a long, wide, high bench, fcuilt to fit the entire eastern end, in which were two broad windows. Upon this bench stood various strange-shaped glass instruments for the demonstration of chemical and scientific tests ; in one corner was a large electric battery with ingenious mechanical contrivances for the direct application to the human system of a then comparatively un known force. The room was evidently a lahoratoiy, and in it the two young men, both recent graduates in medicine and surgery, passed much of their time, outside of office hours, in those experiments which were in. the line of their studies, for both were of "decided scientific bent. Off this room opened another large chamber used as a sleeping-apartment, and accessible only through the laboratory. As the strong light of the lamp on the table fell upon Caleb, young Dr. Matheson, who was read- ing, flung down his book and sprang to his feet. ' Good God, Caleb ! are yon hurt ?' . It was then for the first time that Catherine Newal discovered that the long light- colored spring, overcoat worn by her brother - was covered with splashes of blood. There were'bloody finger-marks on the left sleeve, and a large splash on the left lapel had dripped a little down the silk facing and ended abruptly against the inner coat, which it had not stained. Touching this mark, with a horrified finger, Catherine had recoiled with a shriek. The stain was fresh, and the blood not yet dry. Poshing his friend into the chair he had vacated Dr. Matheson hurriedly examined him, expecting to find a wound from which these sanguinary stains had come. Bat this investigation showed that yonng Newal was unharmed, though altogether unable to account for the blood upon his overcoat. Meanwhile Catherine had alarmed her mother and sister, and all had gathered fearfully around Caleb, questioning him and imploring him to explain his condition. This might have been going on for some thing like half an hour, when the bell below was violently rang, and almost immediately thereafter, without waiting to he announced, Mr. Baxter rushed up the stairs and hurst impetuously into the room. He was a yonng man, not more than two or three years older than Caleb (who was twenty-five), and had been for over a year pastor of the Zion church. A certain degree of intimacy naturally existed between the young minister \- and the son of the house, but for some unknown reason Dr. Matheson, who was very decided in his likes and dislikes, had never entertained any friendship for Mr. Baxter, and did not hesitate to pronounce Mm a hypocrite, who did not believe what he preached. From him the horrified com pany first learned of the murder of their old neighbor in the presence of those unaccount able blood-stains now turned to damning evidences. It was noticeable that at the news, or almost immediately after the minister's entrance, Caleb seemed for the first time to realize the situation and to recover from the lethargy in which he had previously been plunged. His mother, who had sprang from Quaker stock and who still lapsed into the Friends' form of speech in moments of strong excitement, clasped her hands, and cried, in a trembling voice, — ' Caleb, my son, my son 1 whose blood is that upon tby coat f To which Caleb had answered, proudly, ' -As God hears me, mother, I do not know. My hands are clean. I have committed no crime.' \- 4 1 "believe thee, I believe thee ; but where hast thon been, my son, and how did thee come by these bloody witnesses ?' ' I know no more than you do, mother. I called pon Mr. Atterly at about eight o'clock, remaining with him perhaps twenty minntes; pehaps half an hour : I cannot say jnst how long. Mr. Baxter was there. We came away together, leaving him in his nsnal health and strength. My God! who could have done this hellish deed ?' That is true, Mrs. Newal. Caleb found me there, and we walked as far as the gate together. After that I left Mm and made a cafi. upon the Broadbents, a little way beyond. They have a sick child, and I had promised to drop around earlier in the day. Then I went across the fields to the tow-path and walked a mile or so along it.' ' On that side of the canal ?' inquired Dr. Matheson, dryly. , ' Certainly not,' retorted the minister, with some warmth, ' considering the fact that the tow-path is on this side of the water. ... ' Oh ! Yop neglected to mention having , croosed the bridge. , For a moment Mr. Baxter look confused. Then he ignored the remark, and inquired,— ' ' Did yon come home immediately after I left you, Caleb ?' k- Why; yes— I'— I — came home.' He "put his hand to his forehead for a moment, as if trying to" recollect, drawing the fingers down j tightly- oyer his eyes in a movement that had J been peculiar to Mm since childhood. As he did so the bloody gripping hand upon his left coat-sleeve was plainly visible. ' Yes, I came home,' -he repeated, bnt the voice was not resolute and positive. The little familv circle looked shrink irgly at itself and imme diately averted its eyes. ' I should destroy that coat,' 'said Mr. Baxter, wanringly, when taking his leave. ' And if the subject should come up yon can all three — yon can all four testify that he returned immediately after I left hire at the gate. God would forgive yon for'so good a lie.' ' Sir,' cried Dr. Matheson, hotly, ' Caleb 13 not accused of murder. When he is, it- will not even then be time to resort to lies. He has nothing to conceal.' ' Very likely, very likely,' acquiesced Mr. Baxter, i-aVmg no- notice of the yonng physician's anger. ' I only suggest th6 ounce of prevention, for the pound of cure might he awkward. But- before midnight Caleb Newal had been accused of murder, arrested, and im prisoned. The newspapers of that section and the New York and PhiladelpMa dailies declared he-ha"d been taken red-handed in his guilt. Six weeks later he was tried, con victed upon ' overwhelming circumstantial .evidence, and sentenced to death. The plea of temporary insanity had been rejected as scornfully by Caleb Mmself as it- had been by the community. With the exception of that one night, no one had ever seen Caleb Newal evince the slightest unusual indication that conld be construed as evidence of aberration, and this had been noticed only by his family and his bosom friend, all of whom would cheerfully have laid down their lives to prove him innocent. Even the minister, who had seen him immediately after the crime had been presumably com- .mitted, and at the hour when, as his friends had sought to establish, he had given evidence of mental disturbance, testified regretfully that he had himself observed nothing unusual in the unfortunate yonng man beyond the natural agitation of such an occasion. 'The defence.' said the prosecuting attorney, ironically 1 is trying to set np the usual plea behind wMch so many ' criminals'- seek" refuge.- - It- has always been astonishing . to me how sane persons can believe that some other sane person may become insane jnst long enongh to commit some atrocious crime, never having shown the slightest indication of mental disturbance ' at any other period of fife, before or after. There is not the faintest shadow of evidence . to sustain this plea in the case under trial.' And so, indeed, it seemed. No human sohl was discovered who conld testify to Caleb Newal's whereabouts or conduct during that fatal eighty minntes which elapsed from the time when he had parted from Mr. Baxter at the Atterly gate to the time when he had been seen by the bridge - tender five minntes before his return home. To the exact hour which left tMs damning gap of time his mother and sisters and friend proudly united in their testimony. To all questions concerning where he had been or what he had done Caleb Mmself had only answered, sadly and resignedly, — ' I don't know.' In less than six months from the date of the crime the sentence of death had been executed. '-So sharp, and swift and sure is Jersey justice,' said the prosecuting attorney, proudly. CHAPTER HI. As may he imagined, no stone had been left unturned by the friends and attorney of the accused man during the interval which preceded his trial. Nothing was left undone, but absolutely no cine had been discovered that in the slightest degree lightened the mystery attending the unaccounted-for crime. No one bnt the dead man and Ms mnrderer knew th6 circumstances, and if Caleb was the murderer he was as silent as the dead "man himself concerning it. Dr. Matheson had neglected his practice to search for evidence which should clear his friend, and during the months of anguish and suspense before the trial and after, pre vious - to the execution of the sentence, he had been the solace and stay of the prisoner and hi3 half- crazed mother and sisters. It therefore occasioned bnt little snrprise when it was suddenly announced the day following the execution that he had given up his office and, rooms in town and had removed to the ' Manor, where, at the request of Mrs. Newal, he had consented to establish Mmself in her dead son's rooms. The doctor's sign was suspended upon one of the massive stone posts at the end of the massive stoDe posts at the " end of the drive way, and thereafter the wing formerly oc cupied by the son of the honse became the home of Ms bosom friend. Eights were visible in this portion of the Mane at all hours of the night, and until the doctor's sudden removal became generally known these midnight lamps excited a great deal of comment and conjecture among the passers- by, the most superstitious declaring that the ghost of Caleb Newal haunted his beloved laboratory at night and continued after death those experiments wMch had been dear to the unhappy young man in life. Others, more practical, averred that the afflicted mother and sisters walked those floors in their misery, and color was given to this view of the case by the statement of the servants, who had told their friends that in their belief no one ever slept in the house, for beds were untouched in the morning, and the servants themselves were often awakened by the sonnd of groans and cries in the still hours, and hurrjing footsteps hastening about the house upon unknown errands. All tMs excited a great deal of sympathy and compassion for the afflicted household, but all outward demonstrations of it were haughtily declined. From the moment that the execution had actually taken place, Mrs. Newal and her daughters, and Donald Matheson as well, seemed to regard every one in the community, with two exceptions, accessory, by . compliance at least, to an un just execution. These two exceptions were Absolute Johnson and Margaret Bothwell, the latter a yonng woman whom it was gen erally supposed Caleb would some day have married had he lived and had all gone well with Mm. All the Manor romances had fallen under the blight of its tragedy. The minister and Dorothy, the doctor and Catherine, were no. longer light-hearted young folk whom- rumor mated in advance of their arrangements. The doctor, in spite of the fact that he was now the daily companion of the woman he loved, bad.rather. the man ner and bearing of a careworn, broken hearted man than of a happy lover. The minister shared too evidently in the Manor miseries to admit of any doubt ; while the mental condition of the two young .women could only be surmised. No friends other than the two exceptions noted were admited to the old home. Its inmates shunned for mer acquaintances of both sexes, and when two or three of the more intimate of their girl friend", who had Mtherto been received almost as members of the family, were per sistently denied admittance, even their de termination not to let the innocent family of a guilty man suffer for his sin was aban doned The big iron gate, which had hitherto been always hospitably open, and which had not been closed in the memory of the younger generation, had its rusty iron hinges oiled, and was not only closed but padlocked. And then, greatly to their consternation and affliction, the two honse-servants were dis missed) and only old Andy, who acted in the double capacity of gardener and coachman, retained. Even he was' not allowed to re main upon the place overnight, but at nine o'clock Dr. Matheson came regularly to the gate and grimly locked Mm out. Andy, who was very deaf, and who had been in the ser- i rice bf Caleb's father as a young' man,' was I grievously afflicted at this seeming lack of confidence in Mmself,-" wMch he considered 1 was ill justified by Ms many years of fidelity . to the honse. Bnt as he was husband to ; A Tin the cook, and as Mrs. Newal had told i her when dismissing her from the place that her wages wonld be continued and she would he called upon for service when required, thev took a little_hnnse npon the outskirts of the" town and continued to regard themselves as the servants'of the Manor. Once a week Ann went back to clean np the kitchen, com plaining: bitterly because she was not allowed to remain/ hut was- treated like a stranger. During the week Andy brought her the wash and such other work as was portable, like coarse sewing and mending. She continued to hake bread and cake and to do the pastry - cookinsr for the Manor, and, as the excellence of her work has long been renowned in the' piece, this baking gradually extended until ' she did a thrifty little business for the better class of the townspeople, and came to regard her dismissal from confining house service as a blessing in disguise," after all. A wire had been strung along from the front gate to the side -porch, and attached to', bell-pull on tMs by an ingenious contrivance of the doctor's . was a hammer which fell heavily upon a good-sized bell. This , bell, selected out of deference to Andy's fogged hearing, erave forth a deep tone like a small church bell', wMch in fact it was and by reason of the automatic movement of the hammer it .cOnld only be tolled slowly by the most im patient ringer. One pull released a clock like mechanism wMch caused the hammer to fall five times with intervals between. This tolling, floating over the quiet fields and penetrating to the streets of the town, had a weird and solemn effect, proceeding as it did from that afflicted house. It seemed to ring the knell of all the hopes that household had ever entertained. It. tolled lor the yonng life ent off so abruptly. Its melancholy melody contrasting with the cheerfnl .riii jde . of the mule -bells on the canal , was like tie deep tolling of a bell for passing souls in the midst of the light affairs of. life. It was so isolated, so mysterious, so apart "from" ihe world, that its sound grew to have the" same effect npon its hearers that a convent bell has, heard suddenly by some travellerxlimb-. ing a monntain in ignorance of the high retreat whence that ringing proceeds. People in the little town looked at each other, and said, softly, ' The Manor hell,' and listened, and sighed. The captain of the canal boat who owned ihe leaky key bugle forbore to repeat his cavalry call if the Manor bell struck while he waspassing, and one of ihe dogs — for among other innovations introduced the week after the execution had been two fierce" watch- dogs — never became reconciled to it, and being unable to adjust its tones to his hearing and ideas of harmony, invariably sat npon end with nose pointed heavenward and howled' his disapproval at every stroke. By reason of the. fact that Dr. Matheson, despite his manifest indifference to an extensive practice, had always been regarded as a man of brilliant ability and exceptional s&ill;, Ms old patients clung to him or came back after brief desertion, and new ones were added, so that the bell was frequently heard, thongh ' never with any satisfaction by at least one of ics critical guardians. The place itself sat intrenched behind its Mgh stone wall and padlocked gate like a prison, and any passer-by whose curiosity prompted him) to stop for a moment at night and peer through the dividing bars was speedily rendered un comfortable by the angry barks and chok ing sniffings of the two surly-tempered wardens. At first no one knew jnst what disposition had been made of Caleb Newal's remains. It was rumored abont the jail that his body had been bequeathed to Dr. Matherson years before, after the fashion of medical students, who delight to shock their friends by callous indifference to boiling and scraping and wir ing as applied to their otfq anatomy. -In any event, the coffin had teen placed in a light spring wagon driven by Dr. Matheson himself and attended by "no one bnt his own man. It was known to have been taken straight to the Manor and conveyed into the house, bnt after that no one had ever seem it issue from the gate. No grave had been ordered to be prepared in the conn try cemetery, where all the Newals had been bnried. To all inquiries the doctor had . made, .but one reply : ' The time and place of burial have not yet been decided npon, but the funeral will be strictly private.' After Andy and Ms wife had taken. np_ their abode in town, it transpired that their young master had been interred that night in the Manor garden, in a gave dag by Andy himself under a magnolia tree. The servants did not seem to understand that they had been sworn to any secrecy in the matter, and it was generally considered improbable that the family had intended to cast any mys tery around the interment, other than that- rigid privacy wMch seemed suited to the sad tragedy of the case. As the Manor, was outside the city limits, and as inany old ; families had private burial-grounds npon; their own estates, no comment was aroused by the knowledge. Even had itr been .un lawful, it is doubtful if any action would , have been taken by the authorities, so deep was the sympathy: of the communtity for the surviving members of the family. : But it seemed from the disconnected accounts given by the two faithful old ser vants that it had been a solemn bnrial they had witnessed that night under the magnolia - tree. .No one was present beside the doctor, Absolute Johnson, and the feeble old man, long retired from active ministry, who had performed the ceremony of marriage for the -second Newal, christened the third, and now pronounced a few words in a broken and " tretnbling voice over the dishonored remains of the man who bad been the innocent child" in his arms so few years before. Mr. Baxter had been confined to his bed for a week pre ceding the execution, and the old clergyman- had been summoned from his distant home; by Caleb's family. Having been delayed by. an accident, he had arrived too late to'per- form any office other than that of commit ting the body to the grave. Both Ann. and Andy, who were stanch Catholics, were loud in their denunciation of Mr. Baxter. According to their ideas, he had deserted their master in his need. They were equally -, loud in praise of their own priest, who, in . the absence of other clergy, had administered: such comfort as might be given to a man in extremity .who was not a son of the Chiirph. At the last, when the coffin had Been borne= from the house to the grave -by the." two/ faithful friends of the .dead man, aided by_, Andy and the doctor's man, it had beCn fol"-'; lowed only by the aged clergyman ,-aff'd the little procession had stumbled through the darkness, guided by the single lantern left standing npon the pile of fresh-turned earth. The mother and sisters had been too muchA' overcome to .accompany that pitiful little" cortege, and Dorothy and Ann had' been- obliged to administer restoratives to Mrs/ - Newal, whom Ann described' as havingtoeen wMte and rigid as the dead during the' time her son's body was being carried away. Catherine had not even come down or been present when the brief prayer was offered in the big candle-lighted room where the Eng lish portraits looked on with stiff-necked dis approval : in a hurried trip up- stairs after the camphor- bottle Ann had heard her sob bing and praying and moaning in .her brother's room. The faithful woman had been sent away the next day, heart-broken at leaving them in such stress, and describ ing the whole household as being on the verge of madness. All these details had added to the grisly interest surrounding the place ; but when in the oonrse of the follow ing week the misery and mystery were pad locked away from the public, surmise and curiosity could only feed upon outside imagination. The Manor seemed to be in a state of siege against the world, resenting the injustice which had deprived it' of its young master. / (To BE CONTINUED.) - . - . 