FACTS AND FANCIES. [By Buckenboura.] "Once more into the breach, dear friends," We fumbling come to try and sort Those amputated odds and ends Of crippled and disabled thought, Which, tho' heretical, may still be found Worth burial in consecrated ground. * * * * There were no premonitory symptoms of tragedy in the calm and placid aspect of the night; no heralder of horror threw a darkening shade to prescient pall the encircling purity of unerring Natures pause. The white robed spirit of peace, with outstretched wings, seemed to enfold a sleep- ing earth. A mellow flood of lunar light was wooing strath and stream, and the starry eyes of eternal space looked pityingly down on finite in- comprehensibility. Waning winds had breathed benedictions on the dying day, and departed with it. It might have been the first night fresh flung from Nature's loom, so calm, so pure, so perfect. And yet—alas! for shortsighted man—how little we know of what we know! Coming events do not always cast their shadows before. Higher rose the moon, calmer crew the scene, deeper slept the earth, and there was a big frost the next morning. (Fact.) * * * * ACROTSIC. M arvellous woman, permit me bring thee A fragment of fancy—a tribute of worth. R ude tho' the sound of the song I sing thee, I t yet may be miue in the future to fling thee E vergreen garlands of poetic birth. C ould I but rise to thy lofty ideal, O r bring all its wonderful wealth within reach, R adience of fiction would halo the real, R evealing thy laurels in flood of speech. E 'en as a wanderer, lonely, benighted, L ooks on a luminous swift-rising star, L o! from the shadows of loneliness lightened I gaze at thy glory and worship afar. * * * * Meteorologists, geologists and newspaper corres- pondent opologists are just uow very much con- cerned about "hidden springs" that have lately broken in the hitherto dry places. As usual, philosophical earth-born scientia accounts for the phenomenon by a diversity of causes, which according to "advanced thought" must precede an effect. Ground-lobsters, drought-born cracks, capillary attraction and an earthquake thrown is ought certainly be suffi- cient to make any respectable globe weep, but in serious cases of this kind hypothetical reasoning is hardly good enough. Science wants to hold the reins of those springs so as to avoid a recurrence. Surely men has become knowledgeable enough to step in and protest against Natures's primitive method of dealing with her offspring. Science is great and must prevail! While we write these encouraging lines Professors Wragge and Russell are holding a post mortem examination on the last Sydney cyclonic tornado to find out the cause of its life. Technical terms, gumption, florescent screens, Rongen Rays and a big salary will soon bring even the ghost of a tornado into decent solution. But re the springs, after much thought we incline to the Seismic theory, which, besides being as good as any of the rest, carries a straight-to-the-spot, learned, scientific twang about it. One thing is cer- tain, science will yet try to re-model the universe and run in on improved lines. The worst of it is poor, ignorant, shortsighted Man is just as finite, just as presumptuous, just as sickly and just as cynical as ever he was. * * * * * It'll all be one in a hundred years— Whether we lived in low estate, Or mixed with the so-called good and great— Whether the world at parting gave A sculptured urn or a pauper's grave. All that the mirror of life can show, All that a man may feel below, The joys, the griefs, the smiles, the tears, Won't trouble us much in a hundred years. * * * * * They met in the morning of life, when the glory And glamour of beauty were breathing of bliss; They wandered and whispered the old-fashioned story, Then plighted their troth with a soul-clinging kiss. But alas! for my muse that impatiently tarried To work up the slightest sensational chance, In less than a month the young couple got married, And murdered what might have lived long in romance. * * * * * Just cast your eye Out in the street, And watch the way Some people meet; The loving style In which they make The gushing smile, The hearty shake; Mark well the way They seem to die When forced to say At last, "good-bye," Then take your eyes From off the street And moralise Upon deceit. 