CHAPTER XXXVI. THE CITIZEN THEODORE. The immense saloon was iusliromled by the gi*ny veil of night, of which the wretched echoes had learned to rejjcat the severe words of the a-dvoenteo and the supplinnt ones of the pleaders. Worn afar, in the distance, in the midst of the obscurity, upright and immovable, a white column-seemed watching, in the centre of the hall, like a phantom pro tector over the snored place. The only noffift heard In this darkness was the nibbling bud galloping of innumerable rots, who rummaged .the papers uielos <?.! in the .writer’s huts, having iirst pu.ctrated as far ns this sanctuarydf Themis (an academician, so called!, and thf* loose, clashing keys, which .ippeaml to proceed from under the ground, but all this only reverberated in the dis tance, and nothing resembling a noise ever interrupted the silent Jarkness, wj)icl was not even broken upon* by the Apparition of a stir. Most uii(]uestion* ®hly much terror was occasioned at this hour by the saloon of a palace, whose wnlle of the exterior were yet stained with the blood of the victim? of. Sep tember—whose staircases lmd witnessed the descent in one day of twenty-five hiimar beings condemned to au ignomini ous death, and separated only by a few feet from the colls of the conciergerie peopled with bleached skeletons Not withstanding, in the middle oi this frightful night—in the midst of this al most 'Solemn silence, a low'grinding was heard; the door ot a writer's hut ;turned'upon its creaking hinges, and a shadow, darker ,tlmn the shadow of night, glided cautioudv out of the bar rack. Then the fierce patriot we have hunt' addressed as “Monsieur,” hut who called himself Theodore, stepped iii,),tr over the uneven stones. He held ,,i i,ffl right hand a ponderous iron ieverj and With his left in his belt to ascertain the-safety of his double-barreled Tp’stol 'I reckoned twelve stones to'this* part of the cell, and hero is the oud". oT'the first, mnrmured he, and, as he calculat ed, groping with the point of his foot, to discover the chinks which time ! had rendered daily more perceptible. 1 *' Let me see,” said he, stopping } ‘have 1-taken my measurement correctly? SUsll i pojesH Itrtpgth lujlisjent7 Ij4 she—will eho have the courage ? Oh, jvs, her courage is known to me. Oh. mou Dikii! mon Dieu ! when I shall take he- hnpd—when I can say, • Madame, you are saved !' ” He suddenly paused, as it crushing this ; hojic beneath Ms feet. ( Ah!” replied he', “fearful and foolish ' pr< ject. They sav the others hid them- . echo:, under their bod-elothes, or con torted themselves hv roamin'' about ! dressed as lackeys, ail—it is, that I not I only desire to serve the queen, but the woman. Well, to work; we will sum in the whole. To raise the stone is i nothing, to leave it oiicn is the danger —they may perhajis come the rounds; but yet they never do so. They can noi suspect anything, for I have not any accomplice, and what is required with an ardor like mine to overcome the da rk pasonge V In three minutes I am undee her chamber: in five minutes I raise the stone which is on the hearth, h'he will hear me working, but has too much firmness to feel nlhrmed ; on the contrary she will understand that aj friend is near, and laboring for her de livi ranee. She is guarded by two men who will doubtless liasteu to the spot. It'll, after nil,” said the patriot, with a melancholy smile, looking first at the weapon concealed in his girdle, and then a‘• the oqe he held poised in his hand, “a- double shot from this pistol, or a ccnpie of strokes from this iron bar. Poor creatures .' they will die like others r.ot more culpable than themselves.” I And flie Citizen Theodore resolutely j pressed “the lever between the chinks of I the flag-stones. At vthis moment a vi\id light gleamed like a ray of gold across the stones, and a noise, rejieat cd b.i the echoes of the vault, caused the conspirator to turn, and then with n’ single bound to conceal himself in the stall Soon voices, weakened by the distance, and softened by the emotion experienced by every one at night in a large and desolate building, readied the ears of Theodore. lie stooped down, and through nil nperture in the stall 1 perceived first a man in military cos | tume. whose large saber, dangling j against the pavement, partis- produced ; the nouud which had attracted his at I tertian ; then a .mail in a pistachio colored suit, holding a rule iii his hand 1 and o roll of papers under his arm. j Thirdly, a man in a large waistcoat of i rnteen nnd fur bonnet : and "astly, a i fourth, with wooden shoes and a blase, i Tne iron gate, Des Merciers. ground upon ii> sonorous hiuges, rattling the chain ! intended to keep it 0]>eti during the day. | The four men entered. I “A round,” murmured Theodore. “God 1 b: praised! five minutes later and I j si oilin' have been ruined.” ■Hr then, with the utmost attention, j endeavored to recognize the individuals • who composed the round—indeed, tlireo ! of them were known to him. Ho who walked first,.-clad in the costume oi a general, was llenriot: the man in the hairy bonnet was Itiehnrd, the con . cicrgc, nnd the man in the blouse was, in -nil probability, a turnkey. But the mail in the pistachio-colored coat he and never seen—he was totally unknown to Inin. Who or what cniilil this nan be ? nud 'what brought, at ten o’clock at night to do the Salle des Pns-Perdus, the gem ml of the Commune, the guardian of the enneiergerie, a turkey, and this man unknown ? The Citizen Theodore '•» ' mntned kneeling, with one hand on his Ion dec pistol, while with the other ho replaced liis bonnet, which liis prccipit . oui movement, had somewhat dis ' nrinnged. Up to this moment the nocturnal visi-< tom had kept siitv.it, or, if they hiul spoken, their words laid not reached the ears of the conspirator, but, when about ten paces from his lurking place, Hen riot jpoko, and liis voice was distinctly Lcnrd by the Citizen Theodore. ''IVe arc now,” said he, “in the Salle des Pas-XVf'ilns. It is for you now to guide us, Citizen Architect, nnd to en deavor to convince us that your revela | tioi. is no idle story, for, you see, the j revolution has done justice to all this | foliv, and we believe no more in tlieso ! subterranean passages than in ghosts. What do you say, Citizen lttcbard?” ad ded llenriot, turning toward the man iu Ui • lur bonnet and rnteen vest. " I have never said 'there was any subterranean passage under the con ciergerie,” said lie. “ There is Grac chus, who has been turnkey for ten \- and. consequently, is acquainted witli the whole of the conciergerie, and he ignores the existence of the mult of which the Citizen Giraud has sjioken. However, as the Citizen Giiraud is the ciy,- architect, he ought to know bet than any or us. It is liis business.” Theodore shivered from head to 'oot oi hearing these words. “Fortunately” 'murmured he, “the snloor is large, and before they iiud what they search for, two days at least i musl expire.” But the architect opened his great toll of papera, put on his spectacles, and knelt'down to examine more hilly the plan by the trembling light of the lantern j which Grncchus held in his hand. I ‘ I fear,” said llenriot, ironically, I “ that the Citizen Gjraud has been ' dreaming.” “ Yon will sec, Citizen General, if I on- a dreamer. IVait a little—wait.” “ You see, vve are waiting,” said Hen “ Good 1” said the architect; and ho begin, to calculate. “ Twelve and four make sixteen,” said he, “ nnd light are twenty-four; which, divided by six, makes four, and then half remains ;.that is It I maintain my opinion, nnd, if I am deceived, call me an ignoramus, that's ill! ’ The architect pronounced these words with nil assurance which terrified the Citizen Theodore. j llenriot regarded the plan with a •qncies oi respect, seeing he admired more than he comprehended it. ‘ Now, follow what I say.” “ Where ?” said llenriot. 1 “ .Upon the chart which' I have drawn. Pordien! here we are. Three leet from -tlii- wall i3 a movable stone I have mark ed A ; do you see 1” ' Certainly, Esee A,” said Henriot. “Do'you think I do not know how to Kl;Viiuer this stone,” continued the nreimect, “is a staircase ; do you see? It is marked B.” ‘ PI' said Heuriot; “I sec B, hut I do not sec the staircase;” and: the general smiled at his own fnoetiousnc83. •• When once the stone is raised, the i fool oui-e iqion tin step, count fifty j paces looked up. and you will find your self exactly at the register where the subterraneous passage terminates, pass ing under the cell of the queen.” ' Capet’s widow, you mean, Citizen Giraud,” said Henriot, knitting _ his " Yes, Capet's widow.” “ Why did you taiy the queen ?” * The old custom.” '• You say, then, it maybe found under the register?" demanded Kiehard. •• Xot ogty in the register, but also I will tell you ill wliat part you will discover it : under the stone.” \- Thnt is'curious.” said Gracchus, “for : 1 have noticed that every time I drop i pec. a log in that place the stone re i sounded. In 6hort, if we find your statement correct, Citizen Architect, I shal: pronounce geometry a fine thing.” " Then declare it, Citizen Henriot, ior I an. now going 1o conduct you to tho place indicated by' the letter A.” The Cit’zen Theodore made his nails pierce : las flesh. . , : “ When I ha ve seen it,” said Henriot, : “when I have seen It; I rather resem ble St. Thomas.” A1;! you said St. Thomas.” ' “ Yes, as you said ‘ tho queen,” from : more habit:'but they can not 'Tccuse me j of Conspiring With him.” ; '• Xoi- I with the queen.” : After this retort the architect lelicato ■ Iv placed his rule, reckoned the distance, the;, stopped, having apparently finish bis his calculation, and struck upon a -jiartieulnr stone. This was tlie ideuti c;i' stone struck by the Citizen Theo dore in his fit'of frantic rage. “It is here, Citizen General,” said the architect. “You fancy so, Citizen Giraud. ’ Our concealed patriot so far forgot himself as to strike his thigh with his clinched hand, with .difficulty suppress ing a deep groan. "I am positive ” said Gi-aiul; and your examination,'Combined with my report, will prove to the Convention I have not been • deceived. Yes, Citizen General, ’ continued the architect, with -emphasis, “this stone • opens upon a subterranean I passage, terminating at the .register, and passing below the cell of the Widow Capet. Let us raise' the'stone, descend with "mo, and I will convince you that .two’men, even one man,'could effect a ’rescue1 iu a single night without anyone suspecting it,” • --'A 1 murmur of terror and-admiration, elicited: by the architect’s words, ran through tfce • group and faintly reached JCulMLa Kbeafau* aha uuud &CU;& “i-oo'k nit tli" danger we run," con tinue:! Giraud. “Well, now, with .1 grat ing which' I >Jmll place In the middle of this underground passage, before it reaches the cell of tlic Widow Capet. I shall save the country.” “Ah, Citizen Ilcnriot,” said Giraud, “that is an idea bordering on the sub ‘Tei dition seize you, addle-pated fool!'1 grumbled the patriot, with rdoublcd “Now, raise the stone,” said the archi tect to the Citizen Gracchus, who, in addition to a lantern, carried a crow He commenced his work, and in n sec ond the stone was raised. The passage npjicnred open, with the staircase lost in its profundity, while the moist air es caped like a pestilent vapor. “Another abortive attempt,” mur mured the Citizen Theodore. “Alas! Ilenven does not will that she shall es cape, and her cause must bo accursed.” 