MR. JOHN'S LOVE STORY. The wedding had passed off exceedingly well, and everybody was satisfied, especially with the fact of its being over. It had taken place at the old- fashioned early hour, so that the bride and bridegroom and all the guests might be gone before evening, and Mrs Wallace, the bride's grandmother, might have time to settle : down again before bed time. She was a \ very vigorous and plucky old lady, but she : admitted that at four-score years it is well j to keep to regular hours. It was evening now. Mrs Wallace had retired to her dressing-room, and the whole house had resumed its wonted aspect. At the drawing-room window stood Christy Wallace, looking out at the lingering sunset, and meditating on the fact that no one was so thankful that the wedding was over as herself, and that for all her thankfulness life promised to be a little uninteresting just "for the present. Blanche had been there so long, that though the cousins had by no means been all-in-all to one another, they had made part of each other's existence ; arid as for Harold, he had been at The House all his life long, and had run in and out of Mrs Wallace's house,as'if it had been his-own. There had1>een a time, before and after Blanche arrived upon the scene, when Harold had come in and out as Christy's acknowledged, if not accepted, lover. Then Blanche's livelier ways attracted him, and nobody had much account of Christy's prior claim. Mrs Wallace even had said little, and though she had devised a multiplicity of errands and occupations for her elder grandchild, she had refrained from petting, or any word's of compassion—a form of consideration for which Christy very heartily thanked her. Christy was thinking of all this as she leaned against the window, and could not "be sorry that the strain of the lover's presence was removed. Blanche had behaved very well all through—been very affectionate and cousinly, but there was the faintest suspicion of kindly condescension in her treatment of thegirl whom she had supplanted. As for Harold, his bluff good-fellowship had been a daily trial. They were gone, but the removal of her cross made Christy feel as if life would consist of nothing to do for some time to come. She looked up the hill to where the chimneys of The House showed between the trees, and wondered if Mr John was experiencing anything like her own-feelings now that Harold was gone, and- he had the place "to himself. She wondered, too, if now tliey would allow him the use of his surname, or if he was to be Mr John to the end of the chapter. He had gained the name during his unde'slife, and after Mr .Turton's death, Harold^ Mr John's half-brother, had car- Tied so much the more imposing presence that the squire still remained iivthe back-j ground as Mr John. He was quiet and' studious, and if he had any love for society he repressed it, partly from his disinclination to be outshone by his younger brother, partly from his.desire to amend, if possible, the fallen fortunes of his little estate. It'was known thathis uncle had been ambitious that he should marry money, Jbuc Mr John ap- peared to prefer -to. Save his- money;, bystrict economy.- M Tie had ever "paid court;; <to anybody, he and that person, were the only ones that knew it. _ _ : Harold also would have beenpleas^ io; see .hjm marry- money-, though The -was; generous'to him, and'though Harold had: a sufficient fortune of his^wn._ \- 33arold;-had been much the bigger man] at The, House,"'and Christy-^lf smiled at' the thought of Mr John being lorced-by circumstances to take Ms own place. The sun was going down now, the garden lay in a shadow, though the brightrays still shone on-Mr-John's chimneys, > 'arid on the roses that clustered over Christy's windo w. „ Suddenly there was a step on the -turf, and someone -came leisurely around the corner of the house. ( "May I come in, Miss Wallace 1 It is lonely up at The House.". " | \- Itc-was Mr -John himself, and she hastened to admit-him, " I was thinking of you," she said, " and, wondering if we were to take to calling .you by your rightful name now that there is only one of you." " There has been only one of me all my. life long, I think, and that one has been Mr John. It would be difficult to turn it into anything else, Miss Wallace." "Not more difficult, I should think, than you found it to change me from Christy to Miss Wallace," she said, with a little smile. - __ "That happened, andhad to happen, when you grew up," he replied, with a faint flush rising to his face.. " When are you going to grow up, then, Mr John 1 I was rather slow at it if it only happened five years ago, but you are even more dilatory," said Christy, talking for. the sake of talking. " What do people do when they grow up ? Get married, like Harold and Blanche ? Well, I admit that we have let our juniors get the start of us-in that. I hope.they will have a happy life," he" ended dreamily. "They expect it, and they are lighthearted people. Blanche is not often out of spirits." Then the two lapsed into silence, and and of themselves as well The sun set, and the summer twilight lad it all its own way in garden and wood and "meadow, and here, in Christy'^ drawing-room, too, where the silent figures sat by the window and meditated, Christy stirred herself with a bit of a laugh, as a thrush in the acacias broke into sudden cry. " I am keeping you here all in the dark," she said, and would have risen to ring for lights. "Not yet," besought Mr John. "I came up here with a distinct purpose tonight, and I do not know how to set about it. I am a shy, awkward man. Will you forgive me if I makea blunder?" " Surely," answered Christy in bewilderment; " I want to show you a letter you once wrote me," and he selected a note from his pocket-book and handed it to her. " Do you remember it ?" Christy opened it and read it by the waning daylight. He watched her as she leaned to the window, thinking what a dainty, delicate hand she had : S DEAR MR JOHN,—I am sorry you asked me, because it impossible. Qran4- mamma could not sp^re me. Harold will explain it to you. Yours faithfully, CHBISTINI WAJAA.CE, She handed it back to him. " I remember it very well, but it is a long time ago. I thought it must have offended you somehow, for it was then that I suddenly grew up." " It is possible for a man to be hurt "without being ofeqded. me, but something was said yesterday which made me think there had been a mistake. Will you tell me what it was that I asked, and you found impossible ?" Christy began to feel nervous ; there was something almost portentous in the extreme quiet of his speech. His face looked pale through the gathering gloomy " It was a message that Harold brought from you. You asked me to Tide with you to Bolton's Cove the next day, and I could not go, partly because granny did not think it proper for me to ride with you alone, and partly because the servants were going to a confirmation, and Jones had to take my horse to drive them. Harold said he could explain all that in words better than I could in writing. I was vexed, because I wanted to go to Bolton's Cove. You see, I remember it all very well." '' Excellently well," he-answered, with a curious intonation. "Perhaps you will be surprised to hear that I never did ask you to go to Bolton's Cove, and that 1 sent you no message on that day." "I don't understand." " No," he answered, his hands moving restlessly, in curious contrast to Christy's, which lay immovable in her lap. " It seems that I had two friends just then more anxious for my permanent welfare 'than my presenfcli&ppIiiessL-1; was writing a letter, of some importance to myself, when my uncle called me away. I left .my desk unlocked, not supposing- that anyone would be likely to search into my private affairs, but it proved that I was too trustful. "Harold examined my letter, and reported upon it to my uncle, and, as the result, my letter was suppressed, and a message devised for Harold to carry in its place. 1 have a copy of that letter. Let me light a candle ; I should like you to read it." Ohristy sat white and silent in her shimmering wedding-dress, ghost-like in the faint light from the window; scarcely less so in the little yellow gleam of the candle. Not a pose.or" a motion of hers escaped Mr John that night. She was rather frightened now, when he set the candle down on the shelf beside her, and handed her this second letter. The paper trembled in her hand, and she bent lier head nervously over it. As she read she trembled more and more, for this was a plain and simple proposal of marriage from a man to whom she Jiad never dared to lift her eyes from that point of view, and,the very simplicity of it was so like the writer that it was like having his very words breathed into her ears. It was written five years ago, and he was standing over her now as she read it. To him the time .seemed endless as she sat with bent head considering those brief words. But it was more than Vie | words that detained her - it "was the shock of the whole thing, and the difficulty of realising its meaning. She moved-at last, and he took back the letter. y" - " The explanationjchat Harold gave me' wasyou preferred him to me," he said, with the same forced -quietude of liisl former speeches. V If I sentthe letter to, you now, what answer would you give meT ~ * ' "Mr John 1" spoke Christy in startled tones. - " , -"If you said 'John, 5 it would be all the! answer I would ask for, ;, -he answered. Christy half rose. =She thought" «shef would feel safer ori her feet, and ^t that? moment the door opened. - > § ^The mistress-wauts-you in her-'room I Tai"'-once,-Miss Christy4ihdl1R^lif%ring in J .the lamp ?" J ^ ' „ - V - '^-Christy went up swiftly to%er grand- S mother—a- little shocked at "having ior-f gotten her for so long, and a'gqpd deal relieved at having .gained time before^ giving her answer. " Mrs Wallace was sitting in her-ch air by the window; Irom^which'she miglijb have seen Mr John s approach to the house, )i So John Turtori's here," she said. in her sharp, quick way, " What's lie come for, Christy f' . _ " „r Christy's "wits were hardly sufficiently ' collected for her to give an immediately intelligible answer." " Never mind," said the_old lady, nodding cheerfully, "we all know that he has not come to see if his brother is left behind in mistake. TSTow/look lhfere| Christy, John Turton is here tp propose; to youpand you are "a fool if you say* no.| He's no fool, and he's worth's' dozen of iiis brother. Harold was v goodjenoughfor Blanche, but he was not good enough for you, and I was not- vexed wheiljhe threw you over for her. _ You take 'Johk; he's the man "for you and the ^old lady nodded more and-more vigorously in 'approbation. " But, granny " began Ghristy, appealingly. ^Tut, tut ! Never mind granny. There, you don't want to be vexing yourself with the notion that I can't do without you —I can manage, I can manage! You do as Ibid-you. Go down and, drop ' a pretty curtsey and say, ' If you please, Mr Jolpi.' That's the "thing, and there is no Harold to come between you this time. Some old women aren't sb"blind as they look,jay dear. "Comehere, Christy," seeing how her grandchild stood irresolute, with face working and eyes suspiciously misty. "Bend down and-kiss your granny. You have been a good child to me, and a comfort ever since I had you, and I want to see you^ happily settled. John's the man for "yea. Go down to him, and to-morrow you can send him up to me"; I don't want to see him to-night." But Christy lingered, kneeling by 'her grandmother, really crying softly, overcome by the tenderness from such an unexpected source, coming on the ,top of so many disquieting things. Mrs Wallace did' not allow her to cry long. " That's enough, Christy P she said briskly. " Cheer up and get about your business. You are keeping the mau waiting." So Christy had to go down. Mr John, listening with the ears of an anxious lover, heard every footfall on the stairs 5 heard uncertain steps come across the hall, uncertain fingers • laid on the doorhandle. His heart beat as irregularly as her feet moved. His eyes sought Iiers as she entered— eagerly, anxiously. "What has Mrs Wallace said to you ?" " She said'that John Turton had cometo propose to me, and I was a fool" if'I Said 'nq. s Qh, John !" she said, in a voice that was smothered in his embrace. " if I was not good enough forlfarold—f s ^6 Let Harold be 1 hs lias done us harm engugh already, Christy," he said, with his voice tremulous wfth a multitude of feelings. " I am promofed to be John, and I feel that I am growing up "John,' she repeated, still much smothered, "I—I suppose tfyey .will naturally say Mr and Mrs ^urton, won't they 1 ? Wejshalf botl{ tje grown un 0 4 then,"- 