MOUNT MAGNET MEMOS. (Prom Our Own Correspondent). There are no less than fire policemen stationed in this little township, for what reason hiaven only knows, unless it be to phlebotomise the State; to relieve the plethoric treasury chest. No one does anything particularly " crank,"' cognisable by the law at least, beyond getting drunk, swearing strange oaths, and evincing extravagant affection for the virgins who agitate the beer engine. Bacchanalians are usually treated to extracts from Dogbeny's instructions, unless indeed they openly blaspheme the majesty of Hooli- .gan. Swearers occasionally get run in for allowing their steam to escape in the streets. As for the third offence, it were a shame in this bachelor community if love for the Affable, the Eligible, and the Attractive were punishable. Wherefore, then, ths need of so tnnih Moriarty ? He occupies part of his habitual leisure in importuning females who are trying to earn an honest living, disparaging marriage, and threatening to "put them away" if they hearken not unto his suggestions; this routine being varied by an occasional row with a uniformed enemy in barracks. For example, X404 was flattened out recently -by X410 for calling hitn a crimson Protestant, X410 being " unbeknownst" a professional bruiser. * * * The typographical lock-out t*> which reference was made last week has ended, and everything now! goes like a clock, tick-tick. The little creature who begets cabinets, incubates policies,and discharges thunderbolts upon bb enemies, has, after tnuch uffish thought, decided to bet his boots on a party by the natne of Bason. Financial relief came to him at the eleventh hour from some mysterious local providence, aud now instead of avoiding his employes and hiding in his hotel bedroom, he assmnes a fierce swashbuckler gait and a penetrating glance, as much as to say " be sure " your sin will fiad you out." Whether the providence herein before mentioned is bestowing alms "on his own nut" or as the agent of Rasou, is not known, but Liv. is buoyant and defiant, and his armorial bearings are—a cock regardvnt, on a dung hill or, with the motto "devil a better." In short a raison d'etre has been found, and the beneficiary feels the thrill of being a capitalist. His righthand man says that the policy cf the Lilliput Register was as follows:—If llliugworth gave £400, it worild be opposition, and Forrest was doomed. But lllingworth was unresponsive and pachydermatous. Consequently the stipulation was modified to £100 and a coalition cabinet. It is sheer buncombe to attempt to booin Rason. The little that ts known of him does not lend him popularity, but several storekeepers blindly give him a benediction for having, as they assume, vitalised certain pieces of paper that heartless bank officials had * treated with * contumely. * However, it is delightful and refreshing to notice tlie vivacity of tho "journalist" who was lately so wan and dejected. Whenever Liv. is in really good spirits, und the exchequer is strong enough to tide over Saturday, you can always know the fact by his prodigality of bad grammar, his utter indifference to the meaning of words, so long as the sotintl pleases him, his emaciated sarcasm, and, above all, by his confusion of metaphors. He will begin by figuring a district uu>Ier his patron age as a noble ship laden with promise, the gallant skipper oti tlio bridge &c;, &c.; Three inches lower" down, forgetting his simile, he refers to the ship as a steamer, the industrious firemen heaping coals into the furnace regardless of cost to bring the vessel into port Further on the craft again changes its sex, and becomes a barque with royals and stndding sails set. And so on. In his i-»sne of to-day he refers to ... . "reports penned by nonentities whose lubrications could find a solace nowhere else.'" The little fellow means lucubrations, but any polysyllable word will do to crush "oar reptile con temporary." For''solace" read publicity I used to be Official Visitor to an Idiot Asylum, and can interpret a little. There is one thing definite and satisfactory about Liv. He says, " we have never solicited nor would we accept support at the hands of any political party. This journal was started with brains and a small capital &c.;» &c.;" He himself has said it. But they are brains that go through life for 37 years without picking up the faculty of writing three consecu tive sentences in the Queen's English. As for parties, he prefers persons. He is secretive. # * * The question of the site of the new post office has become as momentous as the war between the Bigendians and tho Little-endians, and the Wnr k-n, the Postmaster, a uumUer of miners, forwarding agents, navvies, and nondescripts are ranged in battle array against the Council, the Mining Registrar and the bulk of the ratepayers, as to whether the new building should be put up in Hepburn Street, where it now is, or on the verge of the Municipality, in Naughtoti and Attwood Streets. The Council vote that if shifted at all the office should go on to the 7A. reserve where the Warden's office stands. Mr. Gill, finding this to be their opinion, determines to oppose the Council, and side with the Postmaster, whose plea is that he wants to get out or the whirl of traffic and the hurly-burly of the hotels between which he is wedged. Mr. Gill has received much " nyanzigging," and the Council, and least of all the Mayor, are not careful to consider and perpetuate his dignity. * * * For the Warden is a jealous Warden, and visits the sins of a corporation upon its constituents. The Mayor is an independent sort of fellow, who kootows to nobody. It has been so much the practice, as a certain hospital committee man constantly advises, for Government suppliants to "approach" the Warden almost on their bellies with Asiatic servility, that Mr. Gill is naturally riled at the Mayrr proceeding to Perth, and extracting promise^ from the Premier without his intervention. Well, I make no comment. It would be impertinent to interfere with the consumption of dirt if people like to eat it. And it would be unjust to criticise an able man who lias been fed upon deference and adulation by freeborn Britons. All that is, as right as right can be, as the Mikado says. At the same time it is refreshing to see a few men who refuse to bow the knee in the Temple of Rimtnon. # * » Heraldry is a ''science" which is cultivated by a scribe or two on the W.A. goldfields with more or less success. Directly a fellow strikes a patch it is considered incumbent upon him to give what is called a bungarra banquet. His head swells enormously, especially if he be a Teuton or Scandinavian. One of the latter class received a bill from an astute reporter for £5 5s. for special literary work, to wit the concoction of a valedictory in which Mr. Bjornsen's origin was traced back to Olaf the first Christian King of Norway. " But you told ine it would be only two guineas," he said mournfully. " Yes," replied Puff, "yes, up to Olaf, but I went further back and traced your ancestry to Alaric, and then I took a flying leap and made Odin himself primarily responsible for you. Yon can't have God and ghosts for nothing. Ante-up and look pleasant." And so he did. * * # The Japs, to the number at present of about a dozen, male and female, have come to stay apparently, and the smiling polite little men are employed extensively in laundrying and cooking for the hotels, the other sex. being engaged in more lucrative, if less - arduous, pursuits. A cluster of these enterprising foreigners have engaged a house just outside the Municipal boundary from a gentleman named Fletcher, to whom they pay a spanking high rent. Cr. Lee, who wants to root them out, moved at the last meeting of the Council, that the Warden's attention be drawn to the fact that the said Fletcher, who is the transferee of the garden area on which the house in question stands, does not reside on the land as required by the mining regulations, and that the lease is therefore forfeitable. It is hard that these people should not be suffered to exist They arc in the countiy, they are not to commit suicide, they cannot legally loaf and vagabondise, and they must be somewhere. Fal«taf£ says " it is no sin for a man to labor in his vocation." Of course I give credit to the mover for his imorliidly sensitive moral stamina, but he really carries virtue to the verge of viciousness. lie said —when on a previous occasion he asked the Council to pass a motion bearing on the Asiatic invasion, there were but a few male laundrymen in the foregronnd, who, receiving scant encouragement to stay, yoked up and removed to more congenial parts. However, with an increase of population after the exemption, not only had the men returned in increase! numbers but secured employment in at least three of the principal hotels, as well a the whole of the laundry work ; rendering it impossible for a white woman to earn an honest living at the tub, and if the miners were not utert they would be taken on as waiters, sturetnen, and salesmen. The Japs were first class bakers and butchers, and what was to prevent their employment in that line, and in fact he would not be surprised at Japanese auctioneers establishing themselves here. * * * Then the alarmist waxed cynical. He says :—These Asiatics were a sober industrious frugal class, who do not, like their christian and " civilised " brethren, bum around the public houses on the off chance of fi'ling up with alcohol at some one else's expense; and, whatever other people did, he, A. Lee, would not spend a shilling in any house that employed Japs or Chinese in any capacity. After thus paying a tribute to ti.eir virtues of sobriety, industrj*, and frugality, Mr. Leo proceeded to tilt at Japanese iniquity. His resolution dealt with the preseacc of a number of prostitutes. He declared that he was nut hypocritical ennugh to suppose that this vice was to be stamped out. These unfortunate wretches, however, had been hr<r.i!»iit here by their countrymen for the vilest of purposes. As long as tho police did their duty ami the owners of property refused to accept these aliens as ten ints we were safe from an invasion, but there were in every community men and women sordid enough and criminal enough to live on the proceeds of prostitution. As Mr. Fletcher had seen fit to let his garden area and house f«r this sinister purpose he would ask the warden to cany out the Mining kii^iiUtions, and compel Fietchur to live on that garden area or declare it forfeited. UJ was good natured enough to point out that F. could evade the law by living with his family on a corner of the area and employing two Japs to work half the ground ; of course he could let the Jiitin building still for the Oriental Phryien, as many as he choose. The re former conolu led with a caustic reference to the local police. They seemed to have little to do but luul their unwieldy and beer besotted carcases about tho streets, bumming for providential beers, threatening to put unsympathetic publicans away and soliciting defenceless women. * # * Great inconvenience is felt here consequent upon the refusal of the local postmaster to deliver mails when the train arrives late. Thus on Saturday night the train did net arrive till 8.30, and tho public had to wait for their letters until Monday morning. This entails a hardship to which Mr. Sholl should direct his attention. January 25, 1897. 