STVILD ItIDE. I f qiinite true sir, tht a man ' t frikg*thtunen at inytning; but do of . k e v got to tlhik that the. bravest do'?t .bo i t on If:lt ia ri;ihtenal and can hov t. "ou rseo Ihrn ain't fsee men St are ,tant yo,'d call "irave all ?u d." Pre fe· ,.n afelow tl : o' nou!ae run a Da:- thugh as .u.~n , y , 0 thrtro m * r3 h"e luoked at him, mosot jump cut of Is is yn wisn he trod upon? ,R iLtle bit of san.k . d St'hrc' myosld I, for istance.I'm de an a1 d a cc, t Ire. I oyat the liandahir j) , as you ar, and coo or two otbhr fr ,te S011: and I think I may sBA, withoutt b tbe a4 "z'tt I'm not uore riven to be aried to Wks, one 7--ieli, I uyself once got as bad af + ag Cor any man got yet, and what it cult bajrpeii anot to'n 'iles from iho oc tandi now en, aad nt more emi ans. a Fn;w -.a that? says you, { ik 's jut nhat. Im a-going to tell you. - F Our old colonel-I won't sw k ilt the poor toe old chap, for ho died only the y-bhut he p deo was One that you,'d got to : peevuus cardful Da, with, f en ttell you. thalcver . e had to o ,d. I'd have it' done his Coan s or Lhd m.nd tha cverything lyinng.-and, likra irgd masany?lore day whov'been a long time out ,cre, hu', got so eve uased to ordering the blsrk fellows about; that tMo at last be gout to do it with all that came near hot 'him, black or white. l Col. Hadley his name all was, hut, from his slap-doah way, we used to nme .?all bim... Col. Itoadloag." has ,ir you 're been up the Bolan Pass. ?s. of cour yjou know tat little branch line that ri re i fribi to Pir Chowki. at the 'un reoops u , ind w 'Yes, to be sure, I is remcmber, i 3ou cne sairc :g that you'd been at chi 'the opening of a bridge co it just the other day. l.i ,vWeUl, before that bridge waD built, there was Ite a sort of make-el:ift across the channel of the , ? :river; .and as for the liuci:tself.thoubh it wasn't TI xirularly "opened " (and isn't yet, for that the matter) it could carry a train at a pinch, all the to , ieghtetn miles whenever there wer a few com- te rpanies of roldiers or a fer waggon-loads of rce stores that wanted to be sent along in a hurry. of I r.: Now it happened by bad luck that when we in eamo dowrn from Quetia four mouth ego, with die the old colonel at our head, the eu;iue driver , on this Pir Chowki line was a Frenchman, fat whoei name was Peter Tronchet. Hoe was qu'to as high-handed a fellow is his con .wa as our colonel himself, and when :he did aso gf in a tintrum, cart ropes wouldn't hold him. . .They say hle'd lost his last berth, alalont of o (if waut:Og to fight a duel with the supetrintm- tlot dent but I don't know how that would Ia; hbat boon, though ita just the sort of thin'g ie wouli upl do, too. Well. of course, we all knew, though we f " little dreamed what was to co~a of it. that col whe; two such lappery ones' a the colonel ea:d this Frenchman met there was bound to be a to p?etty good row, and so it tutrde .out, surbe " maeagh. 'V wen get donr in the ainlway at 15r Chowki, where a special train iys waitici t to tbke us on to Sibi, the old colonel waa's a de cros two sticks. - . ye Isre' had a good, sharp twinge of g.ut, for r one tihig, and riding over that great plain from the mouth of the Pass to, l'ir Chowki' didn't weeaten his temper much, splashing sc through river and stumbhlin amog big or ato every minute. Then, again, thei egine-drive f bad been out in theb sun all morning, aud yol i knonw' :ot saeppiyh that makes a man here e Eo, when Col. lrdleycame holloringand bully. tL ing along and commenced to rough him up, the t SFrenchman faced about and answercd him back tb quite saucily. Youn should just hav seenm the old colonel' at face. It turned as rrd an his coat, and for a t minute I almost thought he'd got into a t. I SThan he jumped forwinl and shook his fist in °at 'hn Frerchmano'teyes aid roared out : Sg' Hold your; tongue, yeu impudent do or t 1Jhy- n - "'ie rO o n's tit Under arrest I Go to uo r e sa-opping shi'fwy. " ey t.L."l s hlfi a second bltween the t r tll break every bone in your dirty Frebh ( skin !" 1 was standing cloe to theo t colonel as he spoke. sad 1 saw the Frenchman's face harden I all at once, likeo elted lead wlen you throw it intocald water.' Then he said, very quietly.. dunt just an if he ws biting every word short off' t , Vrr,'e good, Ionsaic:r Io Colonel; you shall be satisfied ! " And. aw.ir he went to his engine withoul anotler. word. But there was the wickedestl look in his eye that I everi aw yet, sad it made men feel qu er just for a moment, althoughl`' , hadp't a ghost of ant idea (as indeed how should I ?) wh.Y he wan really up to. ' ' Tre? siir. we all got ard begun to make oneu etac? du ig, expecting to b p. rly a couple oi ' hours on tl.e road, for it was vereighteen miles io siti, and the lina befig only a makeshift ne thto, thero w ia noaticr up forbidding any driver to riin his train more than ten miles au he~r. i,Thc train backed a bit to get a fair start, I and away'w went. a I don't think saiy of us noticed alnything ouat m of the way-I didn't, at any rate-for the firlt I,i minute or two ; but all at once my rear.rank Itr mna, aBoh Barton, sings out: ? .?m " Well, if this ain't mors'n ten miles an hoa? ft' rm a Duteciman !"i He'd bardy.slpoken when the train gavre no uInrh that shoolk us all together like apples r an bag, and then another toward the other e, on and theni--talk of fling Fling was nothiF to er, it-'twas more hke being fired out of s$un. be The eery air seented to whiz pant as, and ll at lor onc we' heard the Colonel yell out fm bit w window: r J an S Blacken speed, you'rascal Do n want is to kill us'all ?" / ,lc The Frenchman answertd only wi a horrid, sw screanminig 'laugh; and now we an to get hu scared in' earnest, tdr we took ia the whole li, thing for the first time. TheroerO were, run ad nini more tho amile a minutei?er an unrafc th ine, with alt our lives at tho.mtery of a mat, bha who was nen ly as mad as he could ht. ad Thh first bLitlge was a!readi in sight. and the in Jellows working on it scattered every wy whenh i they saw nusoming, e.recl;ing li.o noi.thitg. i 0 I L??rd thtuidgc crck as ie flew over it and T i friltlegivco and hes " evc escaield I care', think yet. "'I.oysA" cried Bob Barton, springlng up, " J won't asit still ani let that luobber aoiner us all. l ILs his lifea or ours now. lors goes !' thi He made for the door as he ,spoke, and would I haver bctu cut upnpu the foothuoard in another I moment "hen we clutched him and Ilrsggdi :l hin lack;: forwithll tli payco wc eie ws go. thr and the way the traiu recked, it wouli have n Lr~:n ceriait dtueati to try it. T Ocer the onndI Iiidg? we bshotllis lightning lr ad weLt ltyitng rurmnd tte lost curve toxwarcds t lb Sibi. JustL then I raw something that hroughlt my heart into ltiy mouth--a i toh c lyIng On thb iii line ahead of no, big enough to wrerk !the whole a train.n Then I.thought all nwa-s over. I nust mutt-red In "?od have nierrs or I ' " anal lnut my rug to But I' opened cui again cixr momenur.t jati Oi time to ser tLe otolre :ippyil oeri, l furs: , r the shakon; of t'he rdl. wihirh iere rithl ?it loose at the rpot) roll IfIjust as weaseam up t1 Presently, cafter that ('hettcr it ais minute or al hour altlr. I coal rcerer till) I o caught a glmwo it a i.lathtuII nseedil wit~ people sheutnug an'l run;o:in;t alrt; 'ri then noa began to slackn epcid, and at ls st Lopped o altogether. ci SThen I drew cas lotung a Lrocth as if I'd juel th Come up 'oo the bstom of th, .it a. .',t zi uni half a mile pent th i e:: titl' ti' . "toreo we corid ni pull up, strd I h,'ard a .+,,:'w.: rd th:t~ e didt the igbte-n nriler in too isu:tum:a. Whee the colonel gut iut i made me fairly tolook at him. Hel toLLtred so he coulat Ii ty aa d, and his c i c wan all drawn and I don't think Sitch~d like the t Athat upet thim i: was altogehe? might), but the no (although r o his ld nearly thbought that men nnder his charge Scot the litr any man a turn. ad was enougj. Frencrlman. he got aff and As fer te the train stopped. It was bolted ft diet, for he wouldu't bare been luc ky ng just then ; and the colrnel. Iy e him,elf a bit, vowed to hang him .O eu tm tea thousand rpe. eo.tldn't be pro-ed that be meant to b train (as I don't supponr e did, So that all they could do was to give Iro months' imprieonmont for excerding the fied rate of speed. But, of courm., be had to leave the eountry. and I wasn't sorry for one; for, rather than be on thei train with him again, I'd tramp all the way from here to Cal. culra. 