THOMAS JARYIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon our reprezenta tivemade his way to the humble home of Mr ...Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-Lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of . pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapidroad to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : "You want to know all about my : case? Well Iam glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years -"ago, next Christmas, I met with an acci dent; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the cci dent I have been in failing health, and after four yea's of gradual development of the ,-.malady, I was forced to give up my billet at Sthe Glebe Island." "What were the symp'oms " ." Simply indescribable. The pains were S:something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my \--bones in two in every part of me I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." '" Did you make use of the order ." "'No I came home and went to bed, and hare been pretty well in bed ever since. . Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I \--felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give -up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia -pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the'conclusion that I wrs suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor .ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient k:cked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by tihe ad -vert;sement describing the cure effected in the ca'e of another boiler-maker in England which Iread in the Australian l'orkman, by Dr. Williams, Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemedtofitmy own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four box s of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see throe crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pill', but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." ." He is 00 per cent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pi'la have saved his life, and made another man of him." SA friend who had called in at this point, said that Jarris looked ten years younzer that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have t be in the ve-y pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I cm btt'er tc-day than I have o-'n at any time during the pst five years. I ascribe all the change and ben-:fi to these Pink Pills. Tecy have savei my life. I am in no pain nrw, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantlepicc3 th're is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doct:r gave me to dcaden the excrucatiang p .i. But they can st-y where thy rire, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has bern amszei at the change in me. They can hardly beliere thiir eyes. My beirg about again has caused quit. a sensation out here." Such is this rcmarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief news papers of this country of tie astonishing cures wrought by Dr Willams' rink Pills for Pale People. They care locomotor ataxy, partial Ia-alyses, and spinal d sease, also the many disorde:s wLich arise from an impoverish-d sta:e of the blood, such as avsrnia, pale and eal!ow complexion, generl muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, ncrves headache, etc. 