HUMAN SAOR1FICIC& Mr. J. H. Swainson has communicated a it- Mripiion of vihile which he has paid to Benin ud to tbe African chief Nana's town. At one time Benin City was the centre of the slave trade, the Portuguese slavers being the purchasers. ThePort uguese "barricoons," or pits, were still to be se< n at Beuin. Mi. Swainson was the third white man who had up to the time pf his first visit been seen in Benin. The Dumber of the King's bodyguard is altogether about £00—all naked, and each with a brass ring an one of his ankles The King recuivi d Mr. Bwaii.son in a very friendly way, and also his presents of t>ilk and cloth with equal rradiuess. The King promised! u do all he could for trade,) but he would not <emove the " Ju Ju,"or fanatical embargo, from the copal and the gum. Che King told Mr Swainson he was going to hold one of his human sacrifices, and asked him if he would like to si e it. This Mr. Swainson declined, and he hurried out of the town, fearing the safety of bis own bead. - The sights that were witw-sssed by the Englishmen were of the most revolting desctipiiou. On one tree which bad been traineil for such purposes, a woman hail been crucified. Tbis was because there had been too mucli sun for the crop, and to propitiate th<\- Kiug's ' JuJu" the woman WBB tied up, with hands and legs outstretched, on the tree. The third time Mr. Swainson visited this sepulclrai city was in 1892 with Consul Captain Gallwxy. Dr. Hnnlry, and Mr. Button, uad was to try and get the King to ngn a treaty. The King k< pt his visilois waiting two hours for the " pih'Ver." This was tu »how his Royal d guity. Whtn he app ared he was dressed ita a suit, of coral, only bis eyes, pom, finger-tips, ami to> s bt ing visible, and so rigid was tbe garment that the Kii g could neither stir nor do anything for himself. An immense umbrella nan held over him, and fanbraiers bad all their work cut out to keep their •able ruler .-cool and the flies off. Eventually the treaty was signed, and then the King invited the white m#n to see him " kill his father " This, it n»s explained, did not mean tbe actual murder of the former King, as he had been dead many year*.but it was the anaiversay of his di a h, and every year it was supposed that the worthy parent's spirit rose frem the grouad, and " to lay the ghost," 18 men were killed. Captain Gall way not only declined the invitation, but told the King, through the interpreter, that such horrible sacrifices would not be permitted in future. Whether the interpreter conveyed the full meaning of tbe words to the King could not be known, but the King laughed, ud the matter ended. The 18 men were killed after tbe Commissioner had left. The mode of sacrifices was most shocking. A rope was tied round the neck of the victim,the other end being fastened to the bough of a tree, which was bent by the weight. The hrad of tbe victim was then cut off with a sword or large knife, and tbe bough of the tree flew back, hurling the head into tbe air,and allowing the body to fall to the earth. 