— - a ™ b i Tl\e I eapons of Mystery. CHAPTER X. ? , THE COMING OF THE NIGHT. I As he said this, he leered np j into my face, as if to read my j thoughts ; but I governed my features j -- protty well, and , thus, I think, deceived him. ; '. ' Perhaps you know this ?' he said. 'No,' I replied. 'I am connected ;' with no mystonos.' 'Not with the appearance of the ghost last night ?' I looked at him in astonishment. The insinuation was so for from true that for the moment I. was to too surprised to speak. Ho gave a fierce savage laugh, and clapped his hands close against my face. ' I knew I was right,' he said ; and then, before I had time to reply, he turned on his heel and walked away. Things were indeed taking curious turnB, and I wondered what would hap pon next. What motive, I asked, could Kaffar have in connecting me with the ghost, and what was the plot which was being concocted ? There in. the broad daylight the apparition seemed very un real. The servants, alone in the ball at midnight, perhaps talking about the traditional ghost, could easily have frightened themselves into the belief that they had seen it. Or perhaps one of their fellow servants ? sought to play them a trick, and ran away when they saw what they had done. I would sift a little deeper. I immediately retracted my stops to the house, where meeting Tom, I asked him to let me have Simon Slowden and a couple of dogs, as I wanted to shoot a few rabbits. This was easily arranged, and soon after Simon and I were together,' Away on the open Moora there was no fear of eavesdroppers ; no one could hear what we said. 'Simon,' I said, after some time, 'have you thought any more of the wonderful ghost that you saw last night?' Instantly his face turned palo, and he shnddored as if in fear. At any rate, ?\ theghpstwas real tohira. [t ' Yer honor,' ho said. ' I don't feel ,1,4 as iE I can talk about her. .I've played p in 'Amlet, yer honor, along with Octa 'Jr* vius Bumpus's travellin' theatre, and I -,? can nal a made-up livin' ghost in a min jfC* „ nit ; but this ghost didn't, look made ?-- , up, There was no blood, yer honor ; '*? - ^ she looked as if she 'ad bin waccinated V forty times.' \\- * ' ' And were the movements of her i legsnnd arms natural ?' *S _ ' No j'inta, Muster Blake. She looked ,** Iike^a . wooden . figgbr without proper -\ j'idta^! Perhaps: she 'ad a few wire pins ¥ ' in her.'natoniy.:. but no j'ints. proper.' '- 'So you believe in this ghost V' j* ' Can't holp it, yer honour.' Jjw '- Simon, I, don't, ; There's some £?- deop-laid scheme: on foot somewhere.; 1/ and I ihifik I can guess who's working »v „ it.' '??' ''' 4.1 * Simon started. ' You don't think £ that 'ere waccinatin', '?; sumnamblifyin' f- trillion 'ev got the thing in 'and ? ' EjJ. ? I didn't speak, but looked keenly at j^,, him. %-' At first he did nothing but stare | C vacantly, but presently a look -of intelli IjJ,,}', gence flashed into his eyes. Then ho fy' gave. a, shrug, as if he.was disgusted with f/^T-r himself! ?which [was followed by an ex IW, ^ pression of grim determination. ^'' ' Master Blake,' he said solemnly, K ' it's jjthat waccinatin' process as hev }'\ done , it. Simon [ Slowden couldn't hev bin{sich [a nincompoop if he hadn't bin waccinated 'gainst flwhoopin' [cough, mcasles,,and small-pox. Yor honour,' ho continued, ' after I wur waccinated I broke out in a kind of rn&h; all over and;thati'ero raah must havo robbed me \- of my senses ; but [I'm Jblowed — There, ',' I can't say fairer nor thqfc.' 1 / ''-? Why, what do you think?' , 'I, daren't tell yon, yer honour, for ' fear I'll make another mistake. I thowt, sur, as it would take an hangel with blaok wings to nick mo like this'ere, and how I've bin done by somebody ; but it's the waccinatin', yer honour — it's the waccinatioD. In the Proverbs of Job wo read, ' fool and his money 6oon parted,' and so wo can [aco 'on true the tcachin' is to-day.' 1 ' But what is to be done, Simon 7' Simon shook Lia head, and theo said solemnly, ' I'm away from my bearin's, bur. I thought when I wur done the lost time it should bo the last time. It wur in this way sur. I was in the doc tor's service as waccinated me. Says ho when ,he'd done, ' Simon, you'll never havo small-pox now.' 'Think not?' soy3 I* ' Never,' BBys he ; and when Susan the 'ousemnia-- beard on it, she says, ' I am so glad Simon.' Then says I, ' Susan, when people are married they're converted into one flo3h. That's scriptor. You got married to me,' says I, ' and you'll bo kept free from small pox, without goin' threw this yer willi fyin1 process.' Wi' that sho looks at me and she says, ' You are purty, and I'll try you for tbroo months ; if yon don't get small-pox in that time, why then — we'll tnllc about it.1 So 1 eays, ' Say yes at once, Susan. The doctor say3 I can't got it. so there's no sort o' fear.' I wur young and simplo thon, aud thowt doctors never made a mistake. Well, sur, in two months moro I were down wi' smali-pox, and when I got up ngajn I wur a sight to bohold. As soon as t wur fit (o bo seen I went to Susan to git a mite o1 comfort, and then I sec 'or a-courtin' wi' tbo coachman. And I says to myself, ' Simon Slowdon,1 I says ' this yer is the last tirao you must bo ever taken in '; and now I'm right mad that I should a' bin licked in this yer way.' I could not help laughing at Simon's story, in spito of my heavy heart, and so I asked him what tho doctor said when he found vaccination a failure. 'Sent mo off without a ^bnrncter, Bur,' ho replied grimly. 'Said he couldn't keep a servant ns would be a livin' advertisement as 'ow his pot'obbyi were a failure. And so I allays says as 'ow waccination is my ruin. It's ruined my blood and weakened my brain. Still,' continued Simon, with a shy look, I reckon as 'ow I'll be a match for that 'ere doubly waccinated ghost [as fright ened me so.' I could got nothing more from him. Ho had formed some notion about the apparition which he would not divulgo so we devoted our attention to sport, aud, after frightening a good many rab bits, we returned to the ball. Nothing of importance happened through the day, except an inquiry which Tom made among the servants. Each declared that they were ontirely ignorant as to the appearance of the ghost, and all were evidently tbo fright ened to doubt the truth of their state ment. Thus when evening came noth ing was known of it. Kaffar did not speak to me from the time I had: seen him in the morning to dinner-time, and evidently avoided me. Voltaire, on tho contrary, was unusually bland and smiling. He was pleassnt and agreeable to every one, especially so to me. ' After dinner we all found our way to the drawing room, when tho usual sing ing, flirting, and dancing programme was carried out, Suddenly, however, there was comparative silence. One voice only was heard, and that was. tbo Egyptian's. 'Yes,' he was saying, 'lam what is called a superstitious man. I believe in dreams, {visions, and returned spirits of the dead. But, ahj I do not believe in made- up ghosts. Oh, you cold blooded English people, jdon't mistake the impulsive Egyptian ; don't accuse him of lack of faith in the unseen. So much do I believe in it, that sometimes I long to be with those who have gone. But, bah ! the ghost last night was to deceive, to frighten. Got np by some villain for a purpose, and I can gaess who he is.' (7b be Continued.) The Messageries Maritimes steam ships are the most comfortable to travel in. Passengers are booked through to London, and English is spoken on board. ' Write for full particulars to the Company's office, Queens .Corner, Pitt Btreet Sydney. : . 