DR. CORBETT' VISIT To mIRBOO. On Wednesday evening, 94th ult. the Bishop of Sale, Dr. Corbett, preached in the Mirboo North church, there being a large congregation. For his discourse (says the " lppelander") the Bishop took as his text. " Unless you do penance you shall nill perish." Dr. Corbett said this should occur more particularly to. their minds, it being the season of Lest. Penance was raised by Cbhrist Himself to the dignity of a screa. ment. Baptism was the first and most necessary of thesacraments, for without it they could not enter the Kingdom of God. Penance was a re.inetating in the Kingdom of God. As a sacrament it was divided into four parts-Contrition, confession, satisfac tion and absolution. The first three parts referred to the sinner who resolved to break away from the chains of sin, and the fourth was exclusively the right of the priest. Penance was remorse for sin, and a -atred asod disgust f.r it. As the merchant kept a correct account of his business transactions. so the penitent should have a correct account prepared when he went to confession. Neither the merchant nor his customers would be satisfied were .he to speculate as b, what his accetsa were, and neither tiod nor the penitent could be satisfied uot. loss a full confession 'was made. It was only when a good'cunfession was made that there could exist' that satisfaction which should follow it. The penitent most be prepared to make a minute examination of his conscience. it was not euffioent to be merely sorry for the past, but he must re solve not to commit sin in the future. In the tribunal of confession certainly there was a man like upto themselves, but in that tribunal the priest bad equal power with God. Some who did not understand the teaching of the Church might think this was blasphemy, but it was not so, and he hadl tno lhesitation in stating it to be the teaching of the Catholic Church. " Who can forgive sin but tiod I" But the Son of Man was given power to forgive sin, and He gave the same power to His apotles ansmd their successors in the Holy Apostolic Church, and to no other. God sent his apostlesendowed with the power to forgive sin, and He gave the same power to the priests of the Holy Catholic Church. To illustrate. Were there two men equally guilty, and both were equally sorry for their guilt; in one part of the church Christ gave absolution to the one, and in another a priest gave absolution to the other. Which received the greater pardon o Those who did not understand the teaching of the church might think the one who confessed b Christ. Not so. The confession to, and toe absolution by, the priest, were equal in every respect to that made by Christ Him. self. The priest absolved the penitent in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. It was the voice of the priest they hoard, but in effect it was the voice of God. After having made a good coufecsion they were then privileged to present thlum. solvesat Mass and receive the Holy Eucha. rist-the bread of angels, the body and blood of Christ, and, as they were told In scripture, theirsins, though as red as soar. let, wonld be made whiter than the snow. This was provided they abandoned their sin in the future, and come weal or woe they would not return to it. They were not merely invited to go to confession, but they were commanded, and they committed grievous sin by neglecting It. God required them to make a full confession, and there was no forgiveness without it. In being orry forr their sine was the contrition, and having made a sincere confession the neces sary satisfaction is still required. The Bishop concluded with an expeeitlo- of the teaching of'the church. and the -duties of members, by an exhortition for prayers to the Holy Mother of God, who was rightly called the refuge of the most abandoned who, like the prodigal son, were rucelved into heaven and mawt the associates of the faithful sons and servants of God. " l'h.re is more joy in heaven over one inneritor who does penance than upon ninety.nine who needlnot penance." 