%h,z SSebool. INTERNATIONAL LESSON SUNDAY, MAY 2, 1S97. RAUL BEGINS HIS FIRST MIS .. SIONARY JOURNE5T. Acts xiii. 1-18. Oolden Text (Mark xvi. 15). — ' Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.' The First Missionaries. Paul and Barnabas. — They were sent forth irom Anfcioch. They were sent torth from the midst of a church whose members are to us scarcely more than names. A few are mentioned. Read verse 1. Last First. — Saul, mentioned laBt, but destined to be first of all. Tbe Church acted under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. 'Was it by a direct communication to one of the prophets, or by a strong conviction upon the minds of all ? We may not decide. The Church was receptive of divine communications. God often speaks when we do not hear. Aided by tbe prayers of the Church, and inspired by the Spirit of God, Barnabas and Saul went forth. The First Mission art Station. By Land and Sea. — A glance at a map of St. Paul's travels would greatly aid teacher and scholars in the study of this lesson. The direction is westward from Antioch to Seleucia, the nearest harbour on the western sea. Why, however, having taken ship there, they landed at Cyprus is not so imme diately obvious. Four reasons have been suggested : — (L) It was near the mainland on the sea-way to Asia Minor. (2) It was the native place of Barnabas, and through his friends and acquaint ances they would gain an entrance. (S) The Jews were numerous, especially in , Salamis, and there were synagogues to preach in. (4) Some of the Cypriotes were already Christians. The First Opponent. A False Prophel, a Jew, whose Name ?was Bar- Jesus. — It does not in any way impugn the claims of Sergius Paulus to be regarded as a person of intelligence that he had with him, apparently residing in his house, a Jewish impostor named Bar-Jesus, who had arrogated to himself the compli mentary title of Elymas, the Ulemah, or Wizard. A notorious infidel i:ke Philippe Egalite, though in other re spects a man of ability, could yet try to presage his fate by the sort of cup augury involved in examining the grounds of coffee. A belief in some personal power, the arbiter of man's destiny, above and beyond himself, is a primary necessity of the human mind. Mankind can never dispense with this belief, however superfluous, in certain cases, and for a time, it may seem to be to the individual. The noble Romans who had lost all firm hold on the national religion, felt themselves driven by a kind of instinctive necessity to get such a connexion with the unseen world as could be furnished them by the mysticism of Oriental quacks.' — Farrar's Life and Work of St. Paul. The First Judgment. ' Then was Saul filled with the Holy Ghost : the Spirit gave him a sudden insight into the man, enabled him to discern the innermost state of his soul, and filled him with an holy indignation, which at first showed itself by a pene trating and steady look, and forthwith in the words of reproof. These words unveil first of all, the spiritual condition of the sorcerer : full of all subtility and wickedness, a child of the devil, in con trast to the name Bar Jesus, son of Jesus. Next the reproof expresses the opposition to God of his present con duct. Lastly, he announces in verse 11, the divine punishment of blindness though only for a time. Tliis declara tion was fulfilled on the spot : immedi . ately there fell upon him a mist, and soon complete darkness.' — Lechler {abridged). 