A LEADER OF MEN. AN AUSTRALIAN ROMANCE. CHAPTER XVI. A Castibon Peemiek. John Fordj ce. returned from his holiday trip apparently none the better for his experiences. He had left his colleagues on the understanding that he would be away at least three weeks, but scarcely more daj s had elapsed than he was to be found in his office working away as though his very life depended on his efforts. Mr. Bastock while his chief had been absent had had an extra nap every morning and consequently had been half an hour late in his attendance to his duties. Judge then of his surprise when on opening the Premiers door at the end of the fourth day he found Fordyce himself seated in the chair with a .very business like air upon his face. "Good gracious, sir," he stammered, almost believing that he was looking at a ghost, " I thought you were on your way to Tasmania." " Well here I am, Bastock, and quite ready for work again." " But " That will do, Bastock. I changed my mind. That's ail," and he went on ,with his writing. Bastock retired to communicate the news to his chief clerk. Half an hour later Maclaren, who had been duly gazetted Acting Premier during Fordyce's absence, came in. " Good Lord, Jack," he cried, " back so soon V " Yes," was the short response. " Had enough of it V " Quite." This a little grimly. " And you are back for good ?" " For good." "Well, you haven't given yoUrself a chance, old fellow. You wanted a thorough fixing up, a complete change." " I've had it." i " What, the fixing up ?" " No ; the complete change." " Oh." Maclaren did not look at all satisfied. He fidgetted about for a moment or two, and then asked in a kindly tone— " What's the matter, Jack V Nothing, my dear fellow, nothing." Oh, that's all nonsense. Something is up. You've been hipped. I can see it in your face. Who's the woman V "Good God, Maclaren, can't a man alter his mind about a holiday without there being a woman in the case?" Fordyce began to frown ominously, and a dark fiush indicative of extreme passion came into his cheeks. " Oh, I didn't mean anything. Well, I suppose you wont want me here, so I can go back to my own office." * Yery well. Any news T Not much. You've only been away four days." . - " I forgot. It seemed like a month." Maclaren shot a curious glance at him, but the Premier's face was quite impassive. The remark had evidently slipped naturally from his lips. It was as though he had been speaking to himself. "I'll look up again later on. There may be one or two little matters you would like me to explain." So saying Maclaren left, feeling anything but reassured by Fordyce's demeanor. C( It cc c< " He's been hard hit this time," he mused ; " T wonder who she is. It can't be the Bessemer. He himself told m6 that that was all off, and I'm sure he didnft care two straws for her." Of course all Fordyce's colleagues were equally astonished, and to tell the truth a trifle dis gusted. He was a hard taskmaster, and they had been looking forward to a peaceful three week?. "This means a Cabinet meeting every day," growled one of their number. " Fordyce thinks we are all modelled out of the same clay as him self, and can work sixteen hours out of the twenty-four without becoming exhausted." But these forebodings were not realised. The Premier worked as hard as ever, harder in fact. He seemed to get relief in his office reading through piles of correspondence and writing terribly long minutes in a scratchy hand that made the heads of departments despair. He was more abrupt in his manner, but that was the only change noticeable. One day Mr. O'Reilly was announced and shown in. The Irishman was about to speak when*Fordyce interrupted him. " Mr. O Reilly, I have allowed you to come in here because I did not wish to administer a snub to you through my Secretary. Now go." O'Reilly looked petrified. " What!" he said with an oath. " I will have nothing to say to you. Go." " Oh, but look here, Jack Fordyce, you seem to forget that you're the Premier, and I as a repre sentative of the people " " No," thundered Fordyce, " you are not a representative of the people. You are a loafing, hypocritical humbug." O'Reilly half made up his mind to rush his man, but something in the Premier's glance restrained him. " Very well," he spluttered, "I'll bring this up before the House." " They wont listen to you." " I'll damage you with your constituents." " And they'll duck you in a horsd pond." " I'll expose you and the Bessemer woman too," shrieked the Irishman, foaming at the mouth. Fordyce strode forward. " Look here, O Reilly, if you want to leave tbis place with every bone in your body sound you'll keep that lady's name out of the conversation." O'Reilly apparently thought the advice good, for he backed towards the door. " Yery well," Jack Fordyce," he shouted, "you refuse to receive a representative of the people, and you shower your insults upon him because he represents the honest working classes. But I know bow to touch you on the raw. We'll see how the name of Bessemer sounds in a Parlia mentary debate. Yah." And he was gone. The next caller was our old friend Mr. Browning. He entered timorously and apolo getically. He stroked his long black beard at the doorway, and appeared disinclined to advance. " Come in, come in, Browning," cried Fordyce cheerfully, " I'm not in a man- eating mood this morning:." Reassured by this greeting, although his ex] perience should have taught him that Fordyce was never more dangerous to his enemies than when be was most playful, Browning tripped forward with little mincing steps. " I had expected to see Maclaren," he began by way of explanation, " but hearing that you had returned I thought I could do my business much better with you." Which was a lie. He had sent in his name, and not till Bastock had come back with the message, " Mr. Fordyce will see you, sir," had he known that the Premier was once more at the helm of State. No wonder then that he felt nervous. " The last time we met in this room we had a little—ha, ha—unpleasantness, eh, Mr. Fordyce?" "Did we? I assure you it had quite escaped,_ my memory," rejoined the^Premier with quiet irony. Browning was not particularly sharp, though astute enough to grasp a situation that was likely to be of pecuniary advantage to him. He was so deceived by what he considered the friendliness of the Minister that he gave vent to what he was pleased to call a laugh, a series of hollow chuckles that produced quite an eerie impression. "Yes," he gurgled, " we did have a little un pleasantness, though as you have forgotten all about it I shall do so too. It was all a part of the game of politics. I played the wrong card, and in the end you beat me/ Well, now-——" " Ah, yes, now V echoed the Premier. " I was against you then. You couldn't agree to a little proposition I made—quite right from your point of view—and I had to oppose you, That is all over, and I am prepared to give you my support for the rest of the Parliament." " On what terms V " On no terms at all. I cannot follow West brook. We are not in fact on a friendly footing." He did not explain that Mrs. Westbrook had. openly cut Mrs. Browning at a fashionable dance. " Then Westbrook will not have your support V " Certainly not." " Well, Mr. Browning, neither will I. I want neither you nor your vote. Thank God I have not to rely on the support of men who change their principles as readily as they change their clothes." " Then I am to understand " " You are to understand, sir, that your so-called support—a rotten reed it is true—is absolutely declined. I'll have none of you." " Mr. Fordyce, you will live to regret this." Browning was livid with rage. " What 1 You miserable, pettifogging little hound, do you dare to threaten me ? One 'word more and I'll give you such an exposure that you wont dare to hold up your head in Parliament again. Now leave this room/' Browning bit his lips in impotent fury, ahd sneaked out of the office. And then for the first time for four days Fordyce laughed, albeit the laugh was somewhat.a -f ■ . * * bitter one. i . V The days crawled on, and Parliament! wasin session once more. There was no pitched battle between the Ins and the Outs—the two parties into which Australian parties are usually divided. The Ins had gained a couple of votes during the recess, due doubtless to a diplomatic reply to a country deputation who wanted some of 'the general taxpayers' money expended at their own doors, and the Outs decided that as they could not attain to office the Ministry should not have the credit of doing anything if an organised policy of obstruction could prevent it. The tactics agreed upon were put in force at a very early date. Fordyce quickly perceived the move, and resolved to checkmate it. It was necessary that a certain Bill should he passed with expedition. The Opposition were determined that the Government should not carry their point for no other reason seemingly than that the Opposition had not originated the measure. (To be continued) 