THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. CONDENSED CORRESPONDENCE THE fiJRDTVAL'S CANDIDATURE. J. T. K. Smith, Newcastle, regrets the spirit of extreme bigotry whlcll bas manifested itself since tho announcement of tbe candidature of the Cardinal. He calls it a disgrace and blot on our civilisation. He is sure tbe Catholic clergy wruld not be found acting in tbe same way if a Protestant clergyman sought election. He quoteB the names of eminent Protestants who have been chosen by the Irish people as their leaders, which ho thinks shows clearly on whose shoulders the actual bigotry lies. Himself and numbers of his Protestant friends, roused by tho sectarian cry, tire determined to vote for tbe Cardinal, and leave no stono unturned in influencing their friends in the same direction. "Pro Patria" holds, and supports his position by illustrations and arguments, that the ecclesias tical element in elections is dangerous, and In stead of promoting peace and goodwill amongst men It engenders hatred and malice. "Ecy Drof" is a freethinker, and Joins in the note of warning against the Cardinal solely be cause he is the Cardinal. Everybody, he says, knows the Catholic vote to be a block vote, be cause a Catholic is a Catholic first, and a citizen last. The Romish Church never changes, and be holds that tbo same good old Romish Church that decreed St. Bartholomew, worked the In quisition, and lighted tbe fires of Smlthfield would do the same again if she were given a ghost of a chance, and points out that the Cardinal anil his Church are bound to help. To prevent this, they must defeat, not only the Cardinal, but Catholic laymen as well.' "A Protestant," believing as he does in the Cardinal's nomination, cannot see why all this bitterness. Tho Cardinal Is (if not the brightest) one of tho brightest scholars in Australia, and if elected will prove that he is a tower of strength to any intellectual body in the world. "Grodno" pens a few lines to protest against the disgraceful way in which the Important sub ject of Federation Is being mixed up with sec tarianism — tbe old enemy of politics. He sees no reason why the Cardinal, the Primate, the Grandmaster of the Orange order, or any other minister of religion should be debarred from he- lug a representative of the people on this most important question, the union of the Australian colonies. "An Old Baptist" writes to explain that the attitude of the Rev. Soth Jones at last Monday's meeting must not be taken as voicing the Baptist fooling In the community. Many Baptists felt that the meeting was a huge blunder, and could not be upheld by tho Word of God. The writer considers that because of thio "parsonic" Inter ference, tho Cardinal's position at the poll will bo largely influenced hy Protestants who refuse to be coerced by the men In ministerial office. "Catholicus" holds that tho opposition to the Cardinal is prompted not only by bitterness against the Roman Catholic Church, but by per sonal hatred against his Eminence for somo very hard and well deserved knocks administered by him to some Protestant divines for calumnies heaped upon tho Church of Rome. "Religious Liberty," to show tho value of tbe Cardinal's boasted lovo and interest in the wel fare of the colony, quotes an incident which he says occurred on the steamer Austral, on one of her early voyages. The saloon passengers were having a special dinner to celebrato some occa sion, and among those present were two dozen Catholic priests. They, ho says, refused to drink to "Tho Queen," although coming to a portion of ber Majesty's dominions. Be sure, bo adds, that there is a secret hatred of tho Queen in the breasts of all thono in league with Rome. "A Jewish Citizen" wants to know if the Pro testant ministers are afraid of the Cardinal's in fluence hereafter as regards his Church and his flock. Assuming that ho did benefit tho Catholic community, to what extent, he asks, would tbo rest of the community bo Injured? The opposing clergymen forget, he thinks, that they, too, try to benefit their own Churches by influencing mem bers of those Churches who happen to be connec ted with any prominent body. Thoso who might not have voted for the Cardinal will do so now. ho thinks, and his return will be with flying colors. "An Elector" thinks it high time that the public took some stops to put down tho bitter sectarian element and personal antagonism which the heads of tho various Protestant Churches aro evidently doing their best to introduce. Ho cannot sec why tho Cardinal cannot reasonably he expected to dissociate himself altogether from all party feeling, sectarian or otherwise, and use his best endeavors to secure Federation on a basis which will prove of benefit to New South Wales and Aus tralia aB a whole. "A Muswellbrook Resident" takes strong ex ception to the recent assertion of our Muswell brook correspondent "that in Protestant circles generally tbo attack on Cardinal Moran is de precated." Cardinal Moron's candidature, he says, is very greatly deprecated by men of all shades of political and religious opinion. If any at tack has been made, he contends that it is not the Protestants who havo made It, but that it is the other way about. "Domini" contends that the selection of bun- chos is an insult to the intelligence of the electors. lie trusts that they will clearly un derstand that they may vote for any ten candi dates they choose, whether selected by any offi cial or irresponsible body of men or not. "Jay Reel" wants to know if by any mischance the Cardinal should be elected, whether lie can legally retain his seat. No agent, representative, or ambassador of any foreign power Is ever allowed, lie says, to manifest any active interest in politi cal mattors, or hold any political office whatever in any country or State in which he may be stationed. He Is of tho opinion that the Cardinal is nothing more nor less than the ambassador or representative of a foreign power, and he would tnererore ne aeDarrea irom sitting. ay bis action tbo Cardinal bas, he says, re-opened a sore from which much blood flowed in the past, and the only thing that will prevent much trouble in tho future will be his resignation, his defeat at the poll, or, as a last rosourco, that if elected his seat would prove to be iliegal. "An Unbeliever" thinks that the Cardinal has no option but to clear up the charge made against him at the first meeting of Protestant ministers in regard to tho Jqhn 'Williams mis sionary ship, and missionaries. When anyone, however high, he rays, seeks election he must expect to meet with a little rough usage. It Is due to the Cardinal, It is due to his Church; but, what is more to the point, it is due to the electors whose votes he seeks to at once give an unequivocal denial of it. If not "An Un believer" will bo compelled to assumo that it Is truo. He refers also to the statement of a Protestant clergyman to the effect that being a Cardinal, he had to swear that "Heretics, schis matic rebels. ... I will, to the utmost, op pose and persecute." The writer wants to know if that is a fact, and addB that before recording their votes tho electors have a right to demand an explicit denial to both tho serious statements mentioned. "Fairplay" holds that reflection would show thoso so bitterly opposing Cardinal Mqran the illogical and unfair grounds on which they base their opposition. It must be admitted, he says, that by standing, tho Caidinal is doing nothing illegal. Ho has not heard of doctors meeting to protest against Sir Arthur Renwiclc's candi dature, or lawyers or barristers to protest against that of Mr. Rcid. It has been left for clergy men to do this — to oppose one of their own oloth simply because he does not worship at the same shrine ao themselves. Rev. John Auld denies that it is admitted that tlio Cardinal, apart from liis official position, possesses superior ability and fitness for draft ing the Federal Constitution. His public up per rnices do not, he contends, give evidence of any Euch ability, but rather point in the opposite direction. As an historian, he says, the Cardinal bas proved himself an utter failure. Who could rely, lio asks, upon ifny of his his torical uttoranccs after the miserable fiasco of the spiritual carge of the John Williams. In his history of the "SlBterhood of Protestant Nuns" in Goulburn, the Cardinal Is. Mr. Auld contends, equally unsuccessful and unreliable, as was clearly proved by the public correspondence on tlio mattor. Havo wo any proof, he asks, that Cardinal Moran possesses tbe qualities of statesmanship for the Federal Convention? He thinks not. Finally, Mr. Anld says: — "The Cardi nal has surely great faith in the gullibility of the people here. If he expects his occasional, pretttiy- got-up platitudes about education and charity, aud tho virtues of the saints, to go down with thom for superior ability and scholarship. He will, perhaps, yet discover that he is about as things." "A Working Man" is very much amused at tho notion of tho "Sydney parsons" in the Y.M.C.A.- hall on Monday afternoon. Do they, he asks, think the electors are going to be coerced into voting for the candidates whom they selected? They have a big contract on hand. He makes fun of the various "hunches," and asks what the distracted elector Is to do, and adds that, for hlB own part, he 1b not going to be dictated to by anybody, but is going to please btmseif who he votes for. Ho hopes all sensible men will do the same. 