THE SERMON. The eormon was preaohed by tho Right Rov. Dr. Higgins, Auxiliary Bishop of Sydney. Tho toxt was—' Thou shall send forth thy spirit and they shall be croatod, and thou nlin.lt renow the faoe of tho earth.' Ho oaid i The inspired words of St. Luke whiob. aro road iu the Ep-stle of this Sunday, record the history of the mysterious ovont oommomoratod by the nolomnity of Penteoost. When the grant bitrdon of tho npoetolato was placod by thoir Divine Mostor on tho ohouldora of tho ' ohoson fow ' thoir gravest apprehensions wero awakened by tho mighty responsibility thus imposod, and by thoir own conscious unfltnesB to rnooivo it. But onr Divino Lord did not withhold from them tho consolation thoy so much needod, and henco wo find that boforo bo asoondad to His Fathor these assuring words woro lovingly nddrosscd to tho'm : ' You Bhall rocoivo tho powor oE tlio Holy Ghost coining upon you.' This was his parting pledge to them, and tho inspired word a of St. Lulco givo us tho history of itn fulQlmont, Having nitaoased tho memorable upcotitulo of Hia aaconsion into Honvon thoy return to Jorusalom to awnit in prayer and soolunion tho oouiing of the promised bloestng. Accordingly, on tho morning of tho tonth day, as tboy woro gathurod together in tho Coomiaulmn, whoro our Lord bad otlabratod His Lust Supper on tho ovo of Hiu doatb, ' Thnro suddenly oomo from Hnavon a sound as of a mighty wind, and it filled tho wholo house whoro they woro sitting. And thero apponrud to thorn alovou tonguou, na it were, of fin-, and it snt upon each ono of them. And thoy woro filled with tlio Holy Ghost, nnd thoy hogan to apuulc with dlvure tonguuB,' Suoh ia tho mysterious ovont which tho Churoh oominomoratos by this dny'a festival, and in tho wholo range of hor ohoo»orod history thoro ia no incident that posseauoH a deopor nignifioHnoo, or is fraught with riohor spiritual bldyaings. Tho ohuroh first foundodby Jobub Ohrint waa roproBnntod during thoso ten days by mon, who, humanly sponldng, wero mlsorably deficient in ovory quality of oharaobor and acquiromout noodod for tho great mission to which thoy had buon divinely ohouuu, Thoy woro rudo nnd unlottorod, thoy woro poor, humble and unknown, thoy wore timid, hi« hoartcnod and diaorgiininod. Among thmn woro not only tho olovon who flod from thoir Maater in tho hour of His trial ; thoro woro tho dlaboliorlng ThomaB, and tho falso Putor. I3ut thoro wna ono thing to ruakoupforall these drawbnoks; thomomory of thoir Master's partiug worda, ' 'Vou ahnll rooeivo tho powor of thoGhoat.' And whon that powor oamo, whon tho npirlt from above, the third portion of tho Blouaod Trinity, doaoending from tlio bonom of tho JTathor in obodionoo to tlio will of tlio Son, etitorod into tho broaata of thuau timid, iguuraut muu, what a striking fulfllmont ot the woriln of iiiy text, 'Thou flhalt Bond forth thy opirlt and thoy ohall bn oroatod, and thou ahalt renew tho fnoo of tho earth.' Yos, thoy woro truly rogonoratnd, and tho wholo world booamo renowud by a marvelloua transforma tion. No Boonor had tho vivifying graouu ot tho Spirit of God overflowed into their huuIb than the timid tnon of yontorday go forth boforo tho world, braood with tho courage of votoran horooii, to pro olaim an thoir loador Him whom they bad bo lately doaortud. Instund of uuoklng mifuty in flight, or in the uaoluslon of tho G'linimoiiluin, thoy iiUnd bofora tho oounoil to idvo ui: ncoount of their doctrine and to justify thoir oonduct in pronahing it by tho bold daolaratlon that 'thoy muiit oboy God, rathor than mau.' And whim in punlHhmcmt of thoir courngo in thua proolaimlug Joauo Ohrlat, ' whom you,' nu thoy suid to thoir judgoo, 'huvo pub to doatli, hanging Him on a trim,' thoy woro uolzod and scourged and diiimlunod, tboy go av/ay rojoioing that thoy woro counted worthy to nuffor roproaoh for tho namo of Jcuun. Hut thin now-born courage did not ond baru, ' Thoir sound wont ovor all tho oarth, aud thoir worda went unto tho ond of the nholo onrth.' Tho univorne dooms senrcoly equal to tho play of thoir burning xoal, I'otor travcrnoa tho Burroundlug diatriotn of Syria, and nnxt tr&ui-; forfl tho uoono of hfnnnoiitolfolabnuri) to thedliUnt lty ot Koms, tho oontro of tho Vanaa world. Paul oarriea the glad tidings of the Gospel to Greeoe, Macedonia, and other regions ia the south-east of Europe, The voioe of tho once-unbelieving Thomas resounds along tho banks of the distant Ganges i while James, the Grcuter, seeks iu the unknown land of tbn Spanish Peninsula an inviting field for tho exercise of tho ministry that had juat been miraculously perfected in him, ' Thou ahalt Bend forth thy spirit, and thby shall bo created,' They were poor and unlettorod, and habituuted from infanoy to the rude lifo and associations of the fisherman. Jesus Chriat had taken thorn into His school, and bad spent three years instructing them iu the beauty of His doctrine, and ' the myntcrios of tho Kingdom of Heaven.' But their innate dullness oE heart continues. They understand little of what they hear, and merit tbo rebuke which their Divine Master was moved to address to them; '0, foolish and slow of hotirfc to believe.' But the Spirit of God descends, and ' they are croatod.' Immediately tho tuncbing of their Divine Master bocomos clour and captivating, and its hidden truths pro pounded by thmn in language of heavenly baauty. They beoarao the tonohers and instructors of the whole world, though that world contained at tho time thoBB who wero esteemed 'masters of rhetoric aud miracles of wisdom,' and they have left us — theso rude, unlettered fhhormun — in their inspired Epistles, fchofo fountains ol' heavenly knowledge at which tho brightest intellects ot the last eighteen hundred years have fired their inspiration, and on whinh the Churoh of God must evor draw in the preservation of her divino mission as the divinely accredited teacher of the nations of the* world. The apostles were woalr, worldly-minded men — they iuherited their f Nil share of that e 4 legaoy that had como to all from the first sin, i'hoy were vain, jealoua, and ambitious : two even preauming to claim the first placo in their Major's kingdom. But God sent forth His spirit, and they became new mi :i, Thn one ambition that now fires thoso generous souls is to glorify God by their labours and their sufferings, and to bcoome anathema, if neces sary, to that world thoy bo lately loved, that thoy might gain Jesua Chriat. There is now no unneomly scramble for tho first place at tbe table, no dreams of an earthly kingdom, no yearning for the revival at the auciont glories of Tsrael. Other thoughts than theae dominate thoir mind. The glory of Christ orrsolfiad, ' tho spread of his namo among natlonB, tho submission of all mun to His Bweet yoko. Suoh were the purposes for whioh they strove in tho face of every opposing danger, anim ated by one spirit, breathing one sentiment — that ciEvSt. Paul — ' who shall separate mo from tho, lovo of ChriotianH ? Shall tribulation P or famine ? or distress P or nuked ncBaP or- persecution P or tho Rword?' And the trngio oloso of tbe liCo of eaoh besbattnstB tho loyalty with whioh they responded to suoh a battle- cry. Yes, dear brethren, they were or en tod, they were new men, indeed, and tho renewal of tho face of the earth whioh followed from their labours is a still tuoro marvellous ovi denoe of the divine faot, . . . . Hore we muat .oall in history to our aid, and what does history loll usP That tho world at the time reposed in tho full blaze of that intelleotuul development whioh diBtinquished what h known as 'tho Auguettn Ago,' Tlio cultivation of .the arts and soiencos had attained its highest perfection, tho anoieot philosophy of Groace and Borne its fullest, wisdom — and men' bonsted of the enlightenment of the age aa superior to anything yet attained in the domain of intolleotual outture, and yet whnt who tbe con dition of human society P It was buriod in a stato of roligious and moral degradation that wmi truly app.tlling. All the nations of the earth, oxoept the Jewish pooplo, wero the helpless victims of a gross idolatry. 'The wholo world,' .says a learned writer, '.was a tomplo in whioh everything was. God exoept God hitnBolf.' They worabtppad imagi nary beings, irrational animals/ tho sun in the hnavons, and iu the one city of Eomo thoro wore 30,000 idols erooted to ita talse gods, Nay more', bo far waa ' truth diminished among tho olilldren of mon' that tboy deified thoir very sins, and raieod up altars to tho honour of their impurities, thoir hatos and tboir drunlconnoss, Suoh was the face of tho earth tvheu the spirit ot God oamo down thin morn lug to ronow by tho preaching of tho apostlcm and thoir auocosaorn, and I need not delay to romind you of Jjtho result. Tho faao of that earth waa ronowed. TIiobo abominable cxooBsoa woro aup prpaBcd, tho hugo impoutura of paganism was swept away ; the standard of tho Cross was planted in tho contro of its inightieBt stronghold 1 and the dnrlt iicrs of unuoltot gradually gavo way before tho bright light of tho exalted dootrlnos of Ghrint, whioh hecamo diffused throughout the whole world. TIh'h wa« only tho first Boono in tbo divino drama that wns just unfolding itself to the world. Tho conHoquoncus of tbe prevailing depravity wore rofluoiod in every phaso of socini life. In an age so romarkablo for iut'illeotual outturn tho vast major ity of tho human rnoo was ri;duond to a state of nbji'ob slnvory. In the oity of Rouio, nnd for 860 yours, tbo proportion oC tbo slave to tho freoman wan 3 to 1, In Greece, tho centro ot the clnssio oulturo of tho timo, it roao in somo oitlus ns high as 20 to 1, whilo in some of the surrounding barbari oua nations the evil wtin not lona aggravated. These poor oroaturoa wero regarded as belonging to a kind of inferior order of being, who had no rights to be recognised, no privileges to be respected, no tem poral or eternal interests to be provided for. Thousands wore periodically gathorod into tho Itnmun antpliitlioatro to slaughter each othor for tho brutal gratification of tho populuco. Ladies ongagod ah thoir toilot might turn round upon their poor female nlavu in attendance and plnngo their dnggnro Into hor heart if bIio lmppunud to malio a miatalci.1 iu tho ndjutitmont of hor dress. And thoro wiw a law, evon, whiah pro vided thitr if tbo mnntor wah aBsnutlnati'd all U113 olavua oxcopt tho infirm and thoou in chains might bo put to doath, and tlioro la an instanoo on rooord whore 400 woro ao exooutod in oold blood to Butinfy tho mauon of thoir murdered maotnri Such uiio tho world upon whioh the Spirit of God oama down to oxorolao hiu bonign iufiuoiioo, through tho nrnanliintr nt tUt\ Hnfinnl nt ^hrt(^^. Annnrrllnif f.n tho principles of that goBpcl all mon wore uqu boforo God ; Bona of tho onmo Hoavenly Fathoi hulia to tho namo Hoavenly Kingdom, Mar (tooliil Btatua was on accident of life thai; 1110 no ronl dugrodatlon na imoli, and cnat no atLin upon hia immortal ooul, which wan equally r|, ' wbi'thur it ropoeed iu tho bruaat of tliu king , bondsman. In obo-Jlonoo to suoh prinoip' 'V? tho Cliuroh took tho bIiivo to hor bnmm-, ', , l° fondness of a mothor's lovo, and having: , , immortal aoul in tho saving watora of V, ''' , having introduood him among her ' I™,.?'1,' exhortod him to tbo praotloo of thoae'1''''11;01' till thon wero ropudiutod an banou.'' ''''^ ,f heart, pationoo In BulTurlnif, ami rfi'' itl0,n '' ™.° to tho oyo, no if plonslnn mar, '' » ' ™ *»' « llvJ »» » ?l»e tiie Bt'gma of his slavery by reminding him that though he was a Blare he was no less a chlH of Godj and that he could .ervo God no W effectually by offering to him in Biniplieifc, of heart that service whioh hii condition r.quired him to render to his mastor, Tho master too wu equally the object of tho Church's solicitude She ' takes pains to disabuse him of the idea that he w&b; the absolute owner of thoso subject to him orfrea from responsibility in thoir regard. 'And vou mastor»,' he nays, ' do tho sumo thing as yonr slaves, forbearing threatening, knowing that the Lord both of theae and yon i'b in heaven, and that tharo IB no respect of poraons with Him. Do to your servants what is juat and tqual, knowing alto that you havo a MaBter who is in Hoftvon, that there is in Chriat neither bondsman nor free man, neither Jew nor Goutilo, noither barbarian norsythian, but ChtiBt tho Lord in all, and ye are all one in Jesua Christ.' Those wero the firBb words of romonatranceand sympathy and hopoBpoken on behalf of tho Blave, and they came from the Holy Spirit who had undertaken the renovation of the world. But this emancipation wob to go on. The slavo was not only roceivod among th« children of tho Church and placod on a level of equality with his master in tho distribution of her spiritual gifts, bo was admitted into her sanc tuary 1 nay mere, some wero evon raised to tho honour of her altars, and enrolled on the Calendar of her canonised SaintB. The policy thus inaugurated she pursued through the whole course of hor history. Slowly, iE you will, but firmly and unswervingly pleading the cause of the slave, and defending bis rights by word, by warning, aud somatimeB by the fulrain- ? ation of tho severest censures, and with the result that the cruel institution was uprooted, and that to-day there ia no slave in any land where the name of Christ is spoken with honour. If we pats to the consideration of the more intimate relations of society, tho picture will, be no losa depressing.. Woman had been displaced from her legitimate position ns tho equal and helpmate of man, and re duced to a etato of debasement bordering on Blavery. She wbb deprived of all social and legal rights and denied in great part the ercrcieo of personal liberty. Before marriage aho belonged to her father as one of hia chattels, and ho usually Bold her to hor future husband for a email sum of money. After marriage sho beenmo the property of her husband, who asaumed towards her tho re lations not ot spouse, but of maBtor. Ho oould abandon, scourge, or diBmiBB her, according to the promptingB of hia caprice. Sho was denied all authority ovor hor children, to whom ehe wab scarcely regarded as an equal, Excluded from the family circle, and forced to livo a dreary, negleoted life iu tho company of her slavou, woman was ? thus not only deprived of that roBpoet whioh the gantleneaa of her nature and the refinement of her feelings should win, but subjected to a Bpociea of. cruelty whioh is only to bo oxplainod by a spiritof deep-Biiated oontempt. She wub declared tho source of every evil, and Soorates thanked the gods that ho was born noithor a slave nor a woman, This sad state of feeling townrds womon found its natural outoomo in the indifforenoe with whioh. the marriage contract was regarded. The general idea prevailed that when marriage.became a source of unhappiness it should bo dissolved. Men of tho highest rank and brightest intellects put away their wives on tbe most flimsy protexts, and it was popularly held that marriage brought, only two happy days to man— the day oE his espousal and the day on which he laid his wife ia the tomb. The result wbb universal corruption, daep deformity of morals, in whioh neither juBtico nor charity, nor social nor poraonal ? purity found a ploce. Wbafc a field for.tha work ings of the Holy Spirit of God, Yos, doar brethren, in tho gloriouB regeneration of women that fol lowed we have ono of the proudeafc triumphs of the Church, and ono of the most striking fulfllmonta of tbo prophet's words, 'Thou shalt renew the faoe of tho earth.' When God oIiobq tho virgin daughter of Zion as tho mother ot His Son He restored woman to hor original dignity, Mary, ono of the doBpised, whs raised by tho hand of her Creator to a position of honour immoaBurably superior to that of tho angals, and set up before woman as the model in which would be found every virtuo that should adorn the Ohristain maidon, wife, and mother. Honce that enobling of woman whioh it has beon the cherished mission of tho Churoh to proclaim. Man must bo reminded that she is not; hia inferior, bis slave, or tho sport of hia puBsiona, that she is bis equnl in intelligence and dignity, aa she is in the unity of origin, identity of future hopes, Christ himself would have us to know all this from his tender treatment of womon and His Apostles morb expressly proclaimed ,it when Ho said, ' Yo are all children of God by faith whiou is in Christ, and there is neither Jew nor Qrcek, neither servant nor freeman, thera is neither malo nor fotnalo.' . But the rights of woman received a Btill higher sanction in the Churoh'n foarlcBO do fence of whnt in acknowledged as the great safe guard of her honour and dignity, the unity, the sanctity, and tboindissolubilityof mnrrioge. Wlion tho npostlo of tha Gentiles announced to the . Ephesians of old, ' Husbands love your wives as Christ also loved His Church,' hia words were a startling awakening to his hearors. Yet they ' expressed only ono phase of that mysterious union botwoen husband and wife whioh Christ had . already raised to the dignity of a sacrament, and pronounced indissoluble by earthly power. ' Wlmt theroforo God hath joined together lot no man put asunder,' Hero !b laid tho basis of what is called the 'palladium' of tho woman's rights and privileges. She becomes her husband's helpmate, bone of his bone, flesh of his flesh, and hence man shall leave father and mother, and cling to his wife, and thoy shall bo two in ono flash' 'One with one only and for ever ' booomo tho,«harfcor of hor olaitnB to that position of indepenaVnoo in tho household, in virtue of which, whilo duly subjoot to her husband, as to tho Lord, she becomes tho quoen cf tho Christian, home, tho moulder of the Christian family, and shall I not auy it P tho hope of Christian oiviliaation. Thus woman bnoomos rescued from that degraded bondage under which b)io lay for ao many conturios, nnd roitorad to her legitimate placo iu Booiety. Sho booamo tho active dispanner of Ckriutiim oharity. Yoa, and tho great exemplar of Christina virtues which till then woro regarded aa iniponniblo, and Jianoe wo hnvo had in ovary ago and every olimp ainco thon, that grand aucceasion of valiant Ohr/stian womon who have dono bo muoh towards tlo advunoomiint of religion, and whoBO dooda V Christian horoistn form somo of thu brightoat p»/?OB in tho anuato of tho Christian Churoh. Hor'ivoly then, and deop and enduring should bo wo-au Bgratitudo towards tho Catholic Church, which has been her true emancipator j for, aa thr Krcnt Amoricnn Oardiunl oxproBKos it, ' if virgin' nuJ conjugal ohaBtlty is hold to-day bb tho bri'ltol)ti B°'i in tho diadem of woman, if tbo wifo ig^gnrdud ns tlio poer of hor husband, and not his slave, or tho toy of his ca prioo or paaaion, if i0 IB honoured no tho mistress of tho honsohol d/ntl tho (lucan of tbo domoatlo kingdom, to bo (}'Ur0Ue:l oll)y by death, aho is in debted for all 'a to tUo Church, wbioh always hold inviolabl'tllu unity and indinBolubillty of marriage.' , '° olovation of woman w»s follfitfod by another 'J»ulfc no Iobb important— tho aaving and the eivIdlMff of tho child. Boforo the ooraing of Ohrlafc,' custom prevailed among pagan nations f''}00 fcll° now-born infant on tho ground at tho fpl0r a footi- If ho raiaod it up, it booamo an aoir'wlo'K°d 'uombor of the family, if ho . allowr1* t0 r('u«i« on the grouud the poor littlo oroa't'0 wnB abandoned in tho publio atroot, whoro it V'111^ (Uml from hungor or oold, or beoarao ,jOT,(rod by the dogu. Tnrlullian spoakn thua to ^1,/tomnna of lna timo .? ' How many am fcltara pjng you who havo put an ond to your ohlldron j .u drown thorn, you suffor thorn to dlo cold or hungur, or to bo onton bv docs.' ,)Again thoBo who woro Bavod from this miaerablo ond panaod no oomplotoly under tho powor of tho fathor that ho could impriaon them with impunity, beat thorn with rodn, load thorn with ohainB, soil thorn an nlaVea, or put thorn to doath. Wo oan well imngiuo the nilliotioii of spirit whioh thw doplorahlu uMo of thingu muat havo awakened infclioboarfcoftlioOhurobofChriHt. Sliorouuimborod her Divino Mnatur'n ur.Heitudo for littio olilltlroa, ' Soo that you doupiao not ono ot thono littlo onos, for I Bay to you thoir anpola in Hoavon alwnya uoo tbo food of my Father, who io in Hoiivon.' lakinft hor inspiration from those words, ohoruuhod to tho roBouo with hor roaiatloon ardour, nnd oxor oinod nil her infhionoo by npontol/o oonntltiif/onu, by.oounoll, by tlio ordinanoo of bishopn to ruijtraln iiuoh oruol trontmonb of children t and whon ovim ?nally aho oamo to poapoaa the powor oho wioldod id with unsparing hand iu inflicting condign punlBbtuont on tho unnatural parent, who would oontributo towards tbo|death or mutilation of tho ohlld j whilo at tbo namo timo hor most earnest ap. ponls. wero addroaaod to all to roaogniao tho rights and high destiny of the little ones of Christ ; who ' becoming in bsptiam the consecrated property of God 'were thereby invited to reiga with Him for aver in Heaven. But, perhaps, one of the moat striking manifestations of tho workings of the Holy Spirit in the Church of God is yet to be considered. At the time he descended on the Apoiitles in tbo form of 6ory tongnes, the city of Rome contained n oopalfttion of 2,000,000, in which the poor num bered no 1«bb than 500,000. Yet in the whole rango of Roman history there iB no mention of a ainglo asylnni for the poor, or hospital for tho sick ; no fttt«mDt by either public- or private munificence to provide for the aflliotod membnra or Humanity . On the contrary, the prerailiR spirit of tbo time was diametrically opposed to tbe very idea of auch philanthropy, and hencs whilo wo find men throw jng uway their money to ahoiv their contempt for riches, or to rid thomselves of tho unxioty which jti possession entails, thore was no thought of the suffering of the poor. Seneca tells us, no doubt, thftt men sometimes threw an alms to a boggur, but be adds, fchte waa merely to got rid of him, gnd Plantus writes : ' What is the use of giving anything to a beggar ? Ono Iobbs whut ho givea away, and only prolongs the miserable life of the receiver.' And as a farther outcome of such in human heaitlessneBB, the aged and infirm slaves were usually gathered together on an isiana in the Tiber and there allowed miserably to perish. There could be no more inviting field for tho exor cibb of that charity whioh Christ had mode the ? characteristic work of His followers than that1 which opened up before the even of tho infant Church of God in this connection, and non« to which Bhe gavo herself with more restless zeal. Collections irere made every Sunday for tho orphnnH and widoOT, the sick and infirm ; at tho fciino of the Deolan persecution, in the year 249, no loss than 1500 of those were being supported by the charity of the Church ; and that she regarded tbia work as one of her most hallowed dutios ia well illustrated by an incident recorded in tbe life of 8fc. Lawrence. Wien tbo Saint was led boforo tbe Roman Prefect and commanded to surrender the riches of his Charon, he naked for three days to gather them in. At tbe end of this time ho appeared surrounded by tbo poor, tho orphans, the aged, the infirm, and said, 'Thoeo are our riches; these are our jowols; these «re the treasures whioh we prize.' Yes, dear brethren; from her very firBt beginning on Pante cont Sunday down to tho present time, her organ isations of charity have ever been one of the moat prominent features of the Church's enlightened uiEsion among men, which has forced ifcsolE upon tho recognition of every impartial witnesB, and has iron from no less unfriendly a critic than the famous Montesquieu tho following avowal : ' The, Catholic Church, which was established to provido for man's happiness in the life to come, succeeds butter than any other institution in providing for liis h&ppiness; oven ia this life.' These are bo mo of the many reflections whioh tho great Festival of Pentecost must always bring up for consideration j and tbe impressive religious function which ban just; taken place within your sanctuary is Btrongly in harmony with its highest spiritual significance In that function we have had only a frnah develop ment of tbe active ageaoy of tbo Holy Spirit of God, which began ia tho Coonaculum- 1800 yoiua ago, and whioh shall continue through the sacra mental ministry of tho ChurcL to tho end of time. We read in the Acts of the Apostles that when the wants of the infant phuroh called for the help, 'bb the apostles were ministering to the Lord and fast ing, the Holy Ghost said to them, ' Separata me Saul and Barrabas for tho work whureunto I have taken them ;' then they, fasting and praying, and imposing hands upon thorn, sent them away.' In like ' manner, door brethron, when the declining strength of the ronerarcd prelate vhflRfl nrivilfttrfl if. hnn hnnn iinrlnr- Hnrl nnri in nha. dlonoe to tho mandate of the Apostolic See, to found this important diocese, and to create nnd guide that great religious development which has been in active operation amongst you for tbo pnat 31 years, needed tho aid of a helpmate, thn Holy Ghost, sporting through tbo Vicar of Christ, sets opart the young ecolesiustic upon whom tho' plenitude ot the prioathoed has jusb descended, that ho too may go forth to continue the npostolio work for for which Mb learning and prudence and high priostly virtues se eminently fib him. Accordingly tho illustrious head of the Catholic Churoh in AliRfcrtilik comeB horo to-day, tho boa'ror of tho apoBtolio^ mandate to impose bunds upon him, to imrest him with a new myr.erious power to raise lim to n new and sublimo dignity, to realise ia him auow tho words of tho prophet, 'Thou plinll send forth Thy Bpirifc, and they shall bo created, and they shall renew tho faco of tho earth.' Yes, dear brethorn, when tho consecrating Cardinal imposed hand a upon him and anointed bia boad with holy ohrism, tho Holy Spirit oarao down to change him into a new man, to perfeofc inivardly in him what had been symbolised by that external rito ; and entering into his soul ho replenished it with tho fulness of graae,., and imparted to him tho full measure of saoerdotal poirer, which constitutes the Bishop tho imago and likonona of tho one true High PneBt, 'that High Prionfc that has entered with His blood into tho otornal eanotury, and is/ tho Bishop and ebophord of our-BOUlB,' Tho oncordotal obaraoter lins bocomp invested with new potency— 'an inward spiritual energy — nob inherent in tho simple, priosfc, ia virtue which tho Bishop is empowered to transmit into others vhat ho has himself rocoivod, and thus 'to pvvpotuato the npostolio 'BUOcoBsion in the Ohuroh of -Jod, and to hand down from generation unto gonemtion, 'unto tho consummation 1 of 7tho ?world/ the etornal priesthood of Jesus Christ, for thfe offoring of Baorifioo, and ' for the roniiBBion.of Bin. Ia the ororaony of to-day this yount ptioBt has been mado a sue. ouBBor of thv . £|rBfc champions of- tho CroBB 'who wont forth ftm tho Coenaculum 'on the First PontoooBt to renkvato tno wor|-J% , Ho ha9 ^q,,^ tho guardian of b,,){r hnllowod traditions, ft sharer 2 ,. lnb,0UrfV and an aBpirant to that Crown, irnoods be, vUich beonmo the well-merited toward of their loyaUy to thoir Divine ^Inater. Thla timid priest beooraea to-rlay a bravo and' a vigilant sontinol, whoso duty it will be to tako hia stand of tho watoh.fcowora of Iarael, and proolaim in no imoertain sounds tbo approach of ovory throntening dangor. Whoao duty it will be to guard tho doposit of Uvina truth with ft oourneo of heart and a strength ot will Rnd ft boldn(*B of aotion that will show &, wavering, auffor no com prormeo, Bluink from no,noriflflo thftfc tllQ faitnful fulfilment of bis trustify dmilIvurt , fol.;.«tho Good Shophord lays down.iD )ifo for H|8 Bhoep.' Ho muBb food his flock wit^hopuro unn(3uU;arft;od food of sound dootnno, preaSinR tho word of God inooBBon, and out of BOHBon,^ th br,RhtnGBR 0 his virtuoa, the light of hn.^ Muj w(^mth of Wb chanty,, n.mo forth m -, uoavonly bmioon before men to cad them in tho'x of t* fch & justlae, to tho knowlodgo and aot.tae of Go(,_ HjB hoart must expand in all HyiAui )tK ,.h poor and tho aflllotocl, and Mi»^t 'Sxlou«- caro bo boatowod upon tho lamb^. . ? n . ? to aoouro for thooo little oneB tho blot ' '° T,' . reliffiuuB education that, will train?«Bn « ^ knowledge oE roligioua truth, tho p4™ln.™ ligiouo prinoiploD, thu pra-;tioo of Christt'' '* ? tUo fulQlmont of thoso Obriatian dutien1* v. '''..? mould thorn into God-fearing moh and 1»*. . . ( memborn of nociety. Suoh atu aomo of tho {J roaponaibilitioa whioh your young blnhop Ml * to-day, nud they umy wall nwivUon that lively: prohonaion with which the burdona of thoopiiiiP' oflloa havo ovor boon conirdiid by tha Sainta. V 1 would vonturo to any Co him that lie has muoh,j Inanlvn l.nrm ITn \\-iin (Imtlv thn Oftll Of Hilll Wl bus aald, ' You bavo nob ohoaon Me, but I hav^D chouon you, and uppoiutod you, that you Bhould go^ and bring forth fruit, and your fruit, shall remain, nud if v. wholoHomu opirib of UumlHby Bhould still BURuoat tlioughtu of poroonal unfltueau I would re mind him that ho io tho nuoeoBBor of poor flaliBC mon who had no learning navo tho knowlcdgo of Clirlefc oruolflod. H« will hcivo tho wiodom nnd ex porlonoo of tho Vonorablo Blnhop of thin diocoao to gnido hi.B lmltlni? tootatopa, Rud noi^d I ndd how oarneut aro thooo wlnhoB that go out from do many imixIoub honrto in fchiB dlooooo to-dny thut thftt guidanoo may continue for many yearn to come. It ?wiw hia tnnntor-band lhftt took up tho nenttorocl fragmonto of tho Ghuroh in this district 31 yoarn nijo, and mouldnd thorn into thud fair iitrony com paot body which wo aoo it to-day. It wan hi notivo onorgy nnd lRrgo-hHHrted Ronoroolty thnfc uallod into play tboflo varioun BRonoioa of good for ToHRion, oducntiou, and ohnrity tbivt dob tbo fair fnoo of thin diocoao to-dny, aud rondor it nuoh a nmilint; KMtlon in tbo vlnoyard o£ tho Lord. It wia hla onllKhtonod sioal and far-neoing wiBdom thnh drew ftronnd him fiom tho aoboola nnd oollcgna of tlin old world those oarneab workera of the Sunotunry ' who hnvo boon hla faithful Houtonuhta in aoattoring thono Booda of faith and, virtuo that »to fco-dftv bearing Buoh an abundant harvest of apiritual fruit i for the glory of God and for tho salvation of souls. Such is the chosen vineyard of tho Lord on which tho newly-coneecrated Bishop enters to day with bo much promise, and as the helpmate or that aged Father who bad the moulding of his early life and tho guiding of his early aspirations. That Father who watched so anxiouRlyover tho ripening ot that wiBdom and virtuo of which ia early youth ho had recogniBed the hopefnl cerms, and who re joices to-day aa no other may rejoice at tho happy realisation of bis cheriahed expectations. But there in another feature of the day's celebration which wo cannot pass over in silence as it ful Bignificancp. Tho Australian church to-day sees in tho porBon of your young Bishop tho firBt of her sonB attain the dignity of the EpiBnopacy. For tho paat lOO years her growth baB beon rapid and her development marvollcua beyond a parallel per haps. Her children havo displayed a docility to hor teaching, an admiration of her beauty and loyal attachment to hor interests, which compare favourably with balmiest days of tho ages of faith. Hor daughters havo shown an apitudo in forming themselves on tho high models of Christian virtuo that have beon sot before them, whioh haB rosultod in tho production ot some of the highest ideals of woman's worth and woman's virtue, and woman's herioo devotion to duty, whether in tho Chiistian home or under th,o shadow of tho cloister. Bub tho service of the altar has not thus far been so largely supplied with reoruita from tho ranlca of her children. No doubt this roproach is fast pas sing away. Tho recently-erected College of St. Patrick's at Manly has nlroady begun to aond forth its supplies to tho ranks of the Australian priesthood and tho sixty young LoviteB who aro at present engaged in pursuing their ecclesiastical studies within its walla give promise of a harvest ot missionary activity of which any churoh might fe6l proud. But tho event which I claim aa suggestive of deepest significance and radiant with brightnst hope has takon place to-day when one of her gifted Bins hus beea for tho first time raised to the opiacnpsl dignity to tako his place in the counoil of her Bishops, ond havo his Bharo in tho guidauco of hor future destiny. May we nottako it as marking tho' opening of a new opooh in the life of tho Catholic Church in Aus tralia, as an auspicious augury of future advance, of increasing blessings, and of brighter triumph of Christian truth und juetico and enlightenmont; in thiB BOuthorn land; as tho harbinger of special benediction for you who will bo tho receiver of its first fruita P Lot us pray that it may be ao j thab the young Prelate who has just boon conseoratod may in his future oareor realise all tho hopes that have been formed of his worth ; that his days may be. long and his labours fruitful, his triumph bril liant, bo that, having multiplied tho works of hia ministry through tho quiokoninp; guidance of the Holy Spirit, having served his God and cared for his flocl? and fulfilled bin trust aa a true soldier of tho Cross, jhe will receive that orown whioh is the aneured reward of tho good and faithful servant. Amen. 