A Ruined Hut. A few gray posts and fallen beams—yet this was once a home. Its former tenants all have fled, are dead, or distant roam. the Bathnrst boer grows there apeos, for there the sheeptold stood: There lies the. ash-heap, hen some tins—l mote in thoughtful mood. One wall-plate bangs in mournful way. *s loth to part and go; It says, preparing now to fall and join its mates below. The roof haa, like the tenants, gone and crumbled to deoay; The slabi are blent with Mother Earth; the owners too are day? Eadh passing year tho shingles gave to all the winds of heaven, -*» 80 Time the owners from their home by Trouble's gsle hath driven. Here hopes grow up and sorrows died; Affection ruled or Hate; Here sturdy pioneers fought hard to f oroo tho hand of Fate, Some lonely shepherd built the hut ?—some common Borne educated derelict who cast his hopes behind?— Borne anxious father built the place? (His children! -whore ore they? What was their sort? Perchance by now they, like the posts, are gray.) The souls that sojourned in that hut, what class or oreed were they ? The Potter's finest handiwork, or very common clay? The girls—say were they bold and coarse, or gonile and refined? The lads—or "horsy," low, and rough, or clever, brave, and kind? As gentle winds may not the*r souli revisit with a sigh And hits the lintel that they loved in days so long gone by 1 What are they now, an! what their fate ? Where are they ? None can tay. The son declines, tho hour grows late, I slowly ride away. My fanoies hover stOl and play like fitful, dinging ghosts Around those beams and wall- plate gray, around those lOittered posts. My airy o&atles;, like tho hot, are fallen to deoay; Yet Mem'ry round their ruined walls lores, like the wind, to play. My spirit's temple bows to*} oat, myjtemnle'a thatch Is gray,- • - My windows darkened, and my aonl spreads wings to haste away. Yet we, whose nestlings all are fled, praise God in many lands That He a fadeless home prepares—a " bouse not built with bands." Morven. F. Bennett. 