BOXING. u ? — CUR AMERICAN LETTER. A BIG BUDGET. TITZ AND CORJGETT AGAIN. THE FIGHT APPEARS CERTAIN. THAT SH.VRKE1' SWINDLE. The Law Could Not Interfere. Shiploads of Sympathy for Fitz. O'DONNELL A CINCH FOE MAHER. STETE SCARED. PARSON DATIS' BIG KEGRO. ARMSTRONG AND JACKSON. PADDY SLATOJ'S EXIT. .'Dan Crecaon's Latest Battle— Billy Bl'Car ? thy Whipped Twice— Maco and Dono ' Tan— Jim Anthony Beaten— Griffo's Gaol Life— Downfall of Colored Wonders — .Another Death) Dooley and Hahe r. Chatty Notes. (TBOM OITE SPECIAL COMMISSIONEB IN AMEEICA.) San FitANOisno, January 9, 1897. Thoy have signed again, hare Mr. Fitzsim tnona and Mr. Corbett. They may really get together tbia time and dotormino which haB the larger and more diversified assortment of* books, upporcuts and countors, or they may halt at the ' you'ro another ' stago, aB they havo often done before Suffioiont for the day. howovor. is the announcement .that they havo really appended their signatures to artiolea of agreement for a ohampionship con test, to take place on March 17, goodness knows where. Dan A. Stuart, of Dallas, Texas, is the man Who induced the rival Blotters to plaoe them ?elves on record. Stuart, as I told in former letters, is quite satisfied that tbo men mean imaineBS on this oooasion. Incidentally, his -faith in thoir intontiona is shared by patrons of pugilism generally. The closing scenos of thia last match ? making expedition were marked by loss vituperation than aoino of the ?arlier seances, and that is why the public UiinkB something will come of the compact. Thore were STIKKINO TIMES at this end of the lino prior to the coming on the boards of this latest Corbott-ifitzeimnions affair.- When I last wrote the Sbarkey matter was being investigated in the Conrta. Silly Smith, formerly of Australia, . gave startling testimony, whiob wont to show that the Bailor had; prior to the fight, unfolded to the witness the Bchemo for victimising the : Cornishman and the betting public. George . , Alien corroborated the evidence in part, and L then JTitzsimmons, Julian and others told ': their stories on oath. ??.?';-. After that the Sharkey peoplo wero afforded ':'?'? an opportunity of swearing. Thoy embraoed ' it-igbt,luKtily, proclaiming Smith and others v perjurers of: the deepest dyo, and endeavoring : .to ahow that the foul complained of was ??i really cominittod. In the midst of it all : counsel- for Sharkoy exploded an inevitable \- , liombsholl; He asked the Court todismisB the proceedings, holding that it was not tbo .function of the temple of juatico to sit in ' . judjjmont on a common, low- down, every-day .;'.?. prUo tight.' ; Tho Court aoted on the suggestion, oxpresa ;- Eomo such plea earlier in the game. Tho i;^ Court ombolliahed its remarks with something .;.; trenchant concerning tho lawlessness of euoh v; proceedings as . tho Fitz-Sharkey ring en-' ', counter, and marvelled that the authorities '.' hadnot made a big bag of fighters and fight ; ...promoters. , .-,- -: ?'-.:..-.:' -; ; '1'he Civio Federation, a body which keeps a ':'.- jealous eye on the moraU of San Francisco on :.-:,- It petitioned the District Attorney to '-..'.'.. ,.. '-:'.;.1' '? ARREST riTZSIMMONS, BUAKKET,; ? ' 'and all the aiders iindubottors of the eon : corn, and it threatened to havo the Grand -'??'.? Jury take up tho matter. From tho fact that Fitzsimmona is Bafe in New York, and that Sharkoy is out at tbe race track every day ;;. flirting with Dame Fortune, tho indications \- are that tha proposal to gaol everybody in ?igiit died in birth I ? Fitz got a shipload of sympathy out of the Pavilion affair, but that's about all he did got; He was offored: a boncnt boforo holoft. Sere, and acting upon some recently acquired notion of pride aud dignity, be refused to accept., Ho preferred probably taking hiB . ' departure with nothing to dim the luBtre of the grudge he had agoiuBt tbo town. , Before he went his way the Olympic Club made a proposal to him for a ten or twenty round contest with Corbett. The club ap parently had instituted inquiries, which ' convinced it of its ability to scenro the ? necessary official sanotion, aud it offored, a purse of 10,000doi. The Boheme was to hold a daylight contest under canvas at Inglesida race-track during a big Mardi Gras Festival, ?which San Francisco propoBoa holding in April noxt. So that thero would bo no mis givings on the subject of a referee, the olub ?suggested that the important official be ?elected by three oitizens of roputo, oue to be; appointed by the olub, and oue each by the fighters.. . .; .,-; Fitzsimmona thanked tho organisation for its consideration, but informed it that he wanted . . Y.\ '..-? A FINISH FIGHT WITH CORBETT, ? and nothing olse. He explained that Pompa dour Jim and himself had commissioned Stuart to hunt up a battle-ground, and that lie had reason for believing that big Dau had epiod out the necessary location. Until it . should bo made to appear to him that Stuart , tvus unable to put them in a rinir to oontoat to the bitter oud, ho would firmly, though .. / politely, acont all proposals made to him. Corbett, of course, got wind -of what the Olymps wero doing, and he used every endeavor to put the matoh in tbeir hands. Ee abjured them to off or 15,000dol (same ' amount as Stuart offered), and he wired his friends here to bring all the pressure they could on Fitzsimmons with the object of getting him to sign. AH this time' Stuart, who bad been a very lick man down where be belongs, was making Ilia way to New York by eaBy stageB. He ; roaobed Gotham about the time that Corbett ;*? became conriuood that only a Stnart fight 'would shit the other fellow, and I gnesB ho did ?''not find Jim in the most affable mood.' . ' V -'?? But Dan is not easily thrust aside. He '.waited ou* Jim, and remindod him of his promiso back in November, and said ho was ' . i oil hand to rpport progroBS. He had found a ;'- rhig Bitb wRoro the championship question \- could be decided without fear or favor, and ho '??'? ?'?- '.''whs prepared to givo 15,000dol for tho privilogo V= 'of handling the ' event. Ho had with him '?.:,. erticlon, and ho wantod to know how Mr. /; ???;-Ooi'beth felt about signing them. -. '.. ''.-, -,.' .: : ' Jim saidho wonld hare nothing to say at . ; : . tlmt time. When he unburdened himself ho V ,; ..wnntod tho nowspapor men to be present and -??: i hour what lie hud to say. : Healso. wiBhod ,.' ,,'thiiin tn Imar what Stuart hadto propose. . .?V'.'.OBi'fore the fighter and the Texan 'Columbus '- parted a conference was, arranged for some ?'?':?'- dayR lator on the Kew Jersey side of the water. 'i'liis wan so Unit tho raoddleeomo autlioritios J ; of Now York tfonld not interposo their custo )-'?'?'? lrnuy objections to people meeting to discuss : ; lindurtivliiinjs forhidden by the statute. : Contrary to expectation there waB very Hulu friction when JumoB and Daniel met tho m-umid I iiuo. Stuart oonvinoed' all presant llj-.U hu had disnovored an interference-proof mill Bito, and the terms of the articles wero conned. Stuart wanted to have the matuh tuka plane in, April, but Corbott objeoted violently. At first, bo insisted on being put in Uio ring tiro weeks from tbe time of rignhag, but Stuart explainod that it was impossible for him to complete his arrangements within such a short apace of time. If anyono should ask why Corbett wantod bho affair brought to a hoad in each double quick limo I would bo compollod to say, ' I livo it up,' but juat the same I could onlighten the euquiror as to bow Jim's undue lmsto impressed me. You see Corbott and Fitz simmons are rivals in other walks of lifo beside tho fighting game. Thoy are showmon, rind their jealousies extend all tho way from tho ling-ropes to i.ho footlights. It is always galling to know that some other aotor-fighter has won an important matoh, nud itiH equally galling to loarn that some other actor- lighter is doing biggor business than you are. Now, the Sharkoy affair was the biggest kind of an advertisement for Fitzsimmons, and there ia no doubt but that he would bo a big drawing card for a while at least. Tho advt. would bo littlo use to him, however, nnless he was allowed time to tour tho country, and, of courso, if be had to fight again within five weeks, he would need to dovoto his attention to training rather than exhibitions. It may be that Jim Corbett didn't think of thcao things when ho insisted on ?.'..! HQHTINO OPT THE BEET/, as it were, and,: again, maybe be did. But, anyhow, Jim aud Daniel compromised. Stewart said that he could hurry things along bo as to be ready by March 17. Ho conld not bring tho match a day nearer than that, he said, and Corbott replied, ' All right, St. Patrick's Day be it. Jim did not attach his signature to the con tract without another growl or two. For that matter ho emitted his fiercost growl after he bad signed, and whilo Bcauuingtho agroement be had committed himself to. It was ' at the clause which' reserved to Stuart all privileges growing out of the contest that he shied. Ho romarkod that tho kinetoscopo privilege would of courso be inolndod in that, and that ho felt ho had acted foolishly in not demand ing a percentage of the price or the profits of tbe picture concern. Stuart argued that ho had to find the 15,000dol purse, and that it was to him that all thoso inside issues shonld fall. Corbett, only half convinced, threatened that if he found out subsequently that Fitz had any into-oat in the kinetoscope affair, he too, would jUBist on boinir counted in. . Tlio matter rested there so far as CorbBtt was concerned, the articles o.iiliu; for a fight on March 17 for the Championship of the World, lO.OOOdol a-sido, aud a ourBO of 15,000dol. Stuart agreed to put tho whole of the money up iu two iuatalmouta somo weeks before the date of the contest, the understand ing being that the purse is to be divided be tween tho pugilists if the fitrht promoter faila to furnish a battle ground and bring the contest off on schedule time! Dan would give no hint as to tho directiou in whioh ho intended to erect bis ring, but promised to make tbe location dofinitoly kubwn on Feb ruary 17. .Of courso everybody thinks that Mexico is to bo the coat of war. *? It fell to my lot to inform Fitzsimmons of what had trannpirod during that eventful afternoon in Now Jersey. I received a tele gram conveying the nowa, and requesting me to get an expression of opinion from Kobort. Thotoleuram mentioned tbat Corbett would insUt on the stakes being lO.OOOdol a side. ; ? ' The whole thing suits me,' said Fitz after he bad poudored over the contents of my wire a few miuute.!.. 'I am glad that Corbctt has ncreod to fight under Stuart's management, as ho promised to do in the beginning. The date is all right, but I could have been ready sooner had there been any necessity for itv I am too much disgusted with tho outcome of, this Sharkov affair to bothor about doiii(t anything in the show line, and I'd as lief fight four wooks from now as ou March 17. However, tho dato is fixed, and that settles it. ' I like Corbett's gall talking about insisting on ' . ?.'?.'? ?' ?- ???..'?? ? - ' A' TEN THOUSAND DOLLAR. SIDE BET. Why we reduced the stakeB to SOOOdol a side on his acoount becauBO he ploaded that all his monoy waa tied up. Now, if ho wants to talk big I'll fight him for rb much as he can raise. He can make the Btakea 25,000dol a Bide, and I'll find my end of it.' When Corbett heard of thia later he eame book iu grandiloquent Btyle, saying :' All right Twenty-five thousand aside he it. But, first of all let him cover the SOOOdol I have up iu Al Smith's handB.' As 1 understand it, both Corbett and Fitz had £'2509po8ted with Smith, so that I suppose Tim haB iucroased his amount by tbe addition of a cheque for the Booond 2500dol. For that matter, I suppose the stakes will consist, principally, of cheques, and my knowledge of stakes that) have gone before leads me to think that tbe wugers will not progress beyond tbo cheque stage; Itmay be. different 'for this occasion only,' but I must say that a squib I saw published the othor day Btruck me as being particularly apropos. It con corned tho making of a billiu.ru match some time ago, wllor. a well-known Bport and a somewhat windy individual mot to post a forfeit on behalf of their respective oue ex ' Iunderstand you wish to play for 5000dol usido?' said the sport. 'Here is a first forfeit oflOOO.' ..?'? ?:';-; '?- '? ??' ; .'??,'?:'? -.?:??.'. ; H« throw downa roll of greeubaekB, and the other fellow plaood a email oblong piece of paper on the table beside tho currency. ; ? ' What is thaB?' asked tho sport, : sus piciously. ' * '? ' ' , f, 'ily personal eheque for a thousand, replied the windy one, iriffcily. : V 'Now, look bora,' o»me back _ the sport, 'If this match' is to be for: obeques, let ub make it a million aside,' and he replaced his crisp greenbacks in his pocket.' . . ' ? Tuo matoh was squelched in its iuoipionoy, but thoy manago thoso things differoutlyiu fisldom. They talk big and splutter, and the obeques rustle and fiuttar, but uo ono evorseema to be oil hand at the paying over. However, as I romarkod a wbiiabaok, it may be different 'for thia oooasiou only/' ; .- ' Bob'did not linger very long in San Fran cisco after learning chatCorhett had signed. He stayed long onoue.li, however, to become ombroilod in ? '? ' ' . :: ' . / , ' . . '; .A BAR-ROOM DISPUTE, , . ': ., , andaccording to all .accounts ono of the men he argued with has a penchant for flashing a big shootor in caBes of emergency. ' . .' ' - ' . It. was , a aimplo inauner in which Bob struck. tho boruel.'a nost, too. Ho was up at thei Olympio Club wberoau amateur boxing tournaineuG was iu progross, and at the conclu-. aion of tbesport bo wandered down town in company with Martin Julian. Thoy strolled iiito a saloou to wet their whistles, and a rather meddloaome bookmaker who waa in the bar began: to nag at Bob. ' Holding up a big Bilver dollar between his thumb' and forefinger, the penciller ?' said— 'Fitz, I want to bet- you thia that you'll never step into a ring with Jim Corbett.' Tho ; Bhot was too hot for Bob, andhe spluttered all over himself in making reply. He called Corbott ail the names ho had beon used to oalling him, and then went a bit furthor. He applied a few tpithets to his rival on the. ohampionBhip line tlmt wero said to be particularly insulting, Vaud then the tronble became general. A sport named Mnlqueen, who is said to be a particular friend of Corbett, called the Coniishmati to account very .slmrply, and a melee seemed imminent. Somooue whispered, -to Fitz that the man ho waB bandying words with was ' ? ' ' ' A GUN FIQHTER, | and report Bays that Bob began to cool off perceptibly. Not'so Mulqueen, however. Bob, who hac drifted to one end of the bar, tried pouring oil on the waters by inviting Mul to join him in a drink. ' ' ? . 'I'll not drink with you,' said tho ;other. 'I will remomber you, und there will be only onn occasion possibly when you end I may take a drink together. That will bo on St. Patrick's Day, after 'Jim Corbett has eiven you tho lioking you doaorre. I may then, out of commiseration, ask you to share a bottle with me.' Thia kind of talk Bet things simmering again, and, 'under advice, Fitzsimmons and Julian got away from the place ub Boon aB thoy could. The story oame out iu the papora next day, and it was dished up iu such a niannor ao to load readers to infer that Fitz Bimmous waB nearor to tho business end of a big forty-five than ho imagined. Fitz is now in Now York, and this morning's deipatcbes inform us that ho, too, has been in sesaion with Stnart at New Jersoy, and has signed articles. Bob is still keeping a stiff upper lip about tho side-wager, holding that Corbett onn make it as high as he likes. I doubt, though, whether it will go higher than SOOOdol aside, ov(9 if that mueh of it ib Kenuino. . '' . ' ..' ? . I don't ' know tKJi there is much more to bo said about the ob&tnpiouship; disputants at this stage of the game. .Tboy aro both doing light work, arid showing along the road as well I believe, and I guess everything looks well for a tussle on March 17. Of courso tho tighten! (and everybody else) would like to know just where the mill is to be, but Stuart isn't likely to givo out the information until February 17, tho time agreed upon. From the faot that St. Patrick's Day waa set as tho date for the fight, Julian got to thinking tlmt Daniel had a Bchemo in view for bringing off tbo contest noar some big oentre of 'popula- tion, irhne he could oatoh the holiday crowd. 'If that's tho way of it,' said Martin beforo ho loft hero, ' ho can't moan ua to fight in Moxico. Thoy don't knock off work on St. Patrick's Day down in that country.' I romarkod to Julian that possibly Stuart was going to rovamp his old idea of having tho matoh tako place on a bargo outside Galvoaton Heads. 'I hope not,'1 he replied. 'All kinds of fouls might be overlooked if tho men wero boxing on a wavo-tossed platform, and I'm suru Fitz would never embark ou an oxour siom of that kind. Why, oven if he won tho championship there is no knowing but that a storm might come up, and perhaps he'd nevor roach tho shore with his new title. No sea fights for us.' ' Those are only samples of the guesses that aro being made at Stuart's plans on every sido, but when all manner of wild-eyed thoorics have boon sprung and discussed, tho sports get back to their original belief, to wit, that the championship will be decided ou Mexican soil. . . POOR OLD JOHN L. SDLLrVAN has had u, peck of trouble lately. Ho oamo near losing oue of his bauds, owing to. a cancerous growth on tho wrist. Ho under went a surgical operation, and, as I under stand, there is no assnrauce that be will not have to part with a beloved fin bventually. There was talk in New York of getting up a, monster benefit for him and investing the procoeds so aa to ensure bim u fixed income for life, but the whole bnsinoan Booms to hang fire at presont. Maybe it will be taken up agaiu lator. .While the philanthropists of Gotham are diacuasiug ways and means ot providing for. tho ex-champion there is a florist iu his own native town of Boston trying hard to oolleot 31Sdol on an old-time bill for posios. Sully, it iu said, hasn't a son iu tbe world, and aB the bill has beon allowed by the. court' it is Burmised that tho ' big fellow ' will have to take the poor debtor's oath in order to avoid the consequences usually attendant upon a refusal to liquidate iu cases of this kind. The case comes up for final disposition on January 11, and it will be intoresting 'tj note if tho man who has squandered fortunes in his time is compelled to udmit himself something tanta mount to a pauper. ;, ' '' . ' It is on tho cards that :.'' .'?'; '?'... JOHN h. AND JEM 1IA0K will give au exhibition of aomo kind. ? Of course it will bo the associations that will ndd a oharm to the thing, as Sully, in addition to baring a lame arm, is fatter than a stall-fed bullock. Most anyone, though, will give up a dollar or so I suppose to Bee toeiug the samo phantom soratch the ghost of the clovere.tt man that England produced, and the wraith of the best tulvenisod man in the history of pugilism.'-. According to some authorities it took jnst 27seo for Peter Maher to wallop ? Stove O'Donnell into submission at Coney Island on Christmas afternoon. According to others tho business occupied 40s«c, but all agree that.. .- . .. . .? O'DONNELL WAS TAIRLT COWED ' and beaten. It was the sucotid time that lie went agaiust the hard-hitting Irishman, his former defeat being abont of the same character. It waa rather a novel idea having the Bhow on Christmas Day, and the crowd which attonded was none too big. . Sam Fitz patrickj. who was: present, wrote mo tbat -it wan as cold us charity, and that the. 2000 people present Imd to stamp their feet and olup their hands in order to keep the blood iu circulation. ? ' ' : : * . . : ? . . O'Donnell was the first to enter the ring. Ho climbed through the ropes at about S.39 o'clock.' His seconds wore Sain Fitzpatrick, Billy Madden, and two others. When Maher emerged from his dressing-room five minutes later a'ohoor went up whioh shook the big building. Potor, of coarse, had hia historical green tights ou, and tbe band preseiit played 'The Wearing of the Green.',- Peter was handled by Pete Lowry and Jack Quinn. - It ivns noticed that Peter was all confidence, and that Steve- was just the other way. He seemed to be scared of the Irishman from the outset. When the eong tapped Maher went right across to O'DoiinoHV corner. They sparred for a few secouds and O'Donnell led in a half-hearted way. . Mahor blooked the blow in a busiueasliko manner, and then lauded a couple of lefts oh O'Donnell'a face. One of theso ' ounches - Btaggered Steve -and an additional left sent him down. He rose after 4seo had elapsed, looking -. ; .,..- THE PICTURE OF MISERY. , : He placed himsolf in a defensive attitude, bnt tlio wild Irishman broke through bis guard and smashed him again un the chin. O'Don nell'a knees knocked together and a left hook finished the businesa for him. Ho went down and out. . . -'?'-.'..?'??'.' , A tremeudoua Bhont wont up for the 'Irish- man as Boon as it waB seen that he had won, and Potcr was kept busy shaking bands and making short speeobes. for -fully 20min. Of coureo he made his usual anuouueement that he would devote most of his ouerpics towards getting a return match from Fitzsimm'ous ; but- as FitzsimraoiiB has. trouble enough ou his hands just now Peter was adrisod to fly at other game. ;.!' ? '. -. '?-. .- ', ?' ' Dim Stuart, I understand^ proposed to bring. Maher and Tom Sharkey together, but Sharkey evidently is not looking ; for ii fight. Before his, contest with Fitzsimmons ho told me personally that in nase ho won ho would try and get ou with Joo Goddard, as he believed Goddard the most formidable mau in the world aside from'FitZRimmous and Corbett. :' ?' But in case GoUdard is not on the ground,' said Tom, ' it will be a oose of first come first, servod. I am going to bo a fii:htar and not on actor, and no mau will have it to say 'that he had to obase me around tho 'country looking for a match.'1 . -. :? . ????'.-. \- Tom evidently baa forgotten all about that, little speech, for just as soon as tbore.was talk of matching him with Petor iMahor he said :— 'I have done too much figbting within the last twelve months, and I think I am entitled to a roBt. I will not mako any matches for; tho next oix months at any rate.' -Stewart, who is quick to aoo how. the oat jumps, immediately dropped „ the , Maher Sharkoy idea.. Someone urged him to go right aboad and try to arraugo it, but Dan said: 'No, I guess I will havo all I can attend to Betting these championship fellows together, aud while I recognise the fact that tho -sailor, and tho Irishman would be quite a card, I will have to let them eacapo mo. , ... :, , .. :??'' There ia quito a hubbub over a little wliispored conference that Billy -Maddon and Maher had ufter O'Donnell waB oarried to his corner. Maddeu at present is O'DouiieU'a manager: He waB the first mau that posed as peter Malior's manager, and, uo doubt, now that- the Irishman ia walking right along, Madden feels that he was fooliuh to break away from him., Muhor's story is that Madden called him aside, and, after congratulating him, suggested that Peter, take up with him again. Peter says that he rufused to do so. Maddon strenuously denies the wliolo business. Bo says that he simply congratulated Maher, and that if the latter asserts that there was any talk of management ho says what is not true. ? ' ? JIaber baa beon travelling around the country since he made auch short work of O'Donnell. He had a great reception at Fittsburg, whioh appears to be hh stronghold. He boxed an exhibition bout there with Joe Clioynski, and received a great ovation. Choynski, it is said, would liko to got a return date with Peter. Ho backs up hiB plea with the argument that Peter ia very anxious to sign with Fitzsimmonsfor a third oontest, and therefore should do unto othori as be would be done by. This means tbat he should give Joe a obaneeto get oven on their memorable encounter. How Peter feels on the matter is not made to appear, but in the meantime there is a story abroad to the.effeot tbat JOZ OHOYNSKI WILL DESKBT THE ROPED EINO, and become a kind of salesman and specialist in a New York establishment. The house handles sporting goods in all their v»»t varioty, and it will bo Joo'b plaoo, as I under stand it, to tako hold of customers and advise them as to what particular form of nxeroiao will best suit their individual easos. Ho will explain to them how to put on flesh or how to tako it off j how to acquire greater ohoat expansion; how to bnild up tho biceps, the. logs, or whaterorit may be, tbat rgquire building up. He will also dilate upon the mauifold boautios of the goods tho house handles. Tho idea ia a novel one, and I havo no doubt ? that Joo, who is an intelligent fellow, and lias good addross, will make a sucaess in his now sphoro. It is understood that his wife is responsiblo for his with drawal from fistic pursuits. . Poor : ? ? ? ??' :hj ? PADDY SLA VIN'S STAR seems to have sot bo far as his ring aspira tions are concerned. The last straw was added to his burden whou he was defoated in New York a couple of weeks ago by Bob Armstrong, a leviathan negro, who on the strength of a subsequent contest has been voted tho voriest kind of a dub by all the pugilistio savants of tbe East. Armstrong and Slavin met at tho Broadway Club, and there was a very slim attondanco on . hand.' Paddy, who appeared aliaggy-coated and list 1css,-wa8 averse to going on with the baUlo, . and it took somo perauasiou in order to induce him to toe tho soratch. - When he did make a ?tart he made a wrolchod showing. He was battered about by the big negro, and in tbe middle of the fifth round he threw up his hands aud acknowledged the corn of defeat.. Most of tho papers came out with headlines to the effeot that Slavih had ' qnit,' whioh, as you know, is ah Americanism equivalent to saying that he showod tho white feather. Paddy's friends, however, know that there is nothing of the onr in . his nature. Ho, more than likely, was suffering from the effects of riotous living, and having been lieked so often lately, and finding that he was not able to fight with tho vim 'bo used to command, ho probably threw the thing up in disjust. I believe be ha3 taken passage for England again, and I suppose it is a case of ' exit Slavin' with a A brief dttompt was made to boost Arm strong on tho strength of his- showing with Slavin. Parson Davies. who manages the giant negro, is oredited with suggesting that Dan Stuart arrange. to have tho colored dhampiony ship of the world foiiffbt for, as well as the palo-fanod ohampionnbip. Tim Parson ndyisod that Potor Jackson lie invitod to try- con-, elusions with Armstrong. The' suggestion recalled to my mind the fable of the jackal and the dead lion. It is either one or the other of two propositions with Jackson. If be is any thing like the Jackson wo used to know, be oan welt tho hide off tbis man Armatrongj and tho Parson lenows it. If, on the other hand, Jackson is ao far gone tlmt Armstrong may cope Buccesafully with him; then 1 think Peter is in Biich shape that almost anyone else who practioea fisticuffs can get away with him. ; For/those reasons I think tlis coupling of Jabkaou's .name v with that of .- this' misfit Armstrong was an extremely ungraceful thine, to say.tho leant about it. .,.-/- ' , , . jThe subsequent go referred to was between Armstrong and a short, chunky negro named Strong. It took place at tlib Broadway Club, New York, oil Deoomber 20, and it oroated some. interest for the reason that tho knowing, ones were anxious to see how far Armstrong, could sustaiu his claims to championship class. The aoconuta of the fight show that he is only a'third- rater. It took him nineteen rounds to get away with a man a foot shorter than bo is.'and'the general verdiot aftor it was over waa.that Armstrontr wouldn't do. \- - It was at this ataiio of the game that some* one asked Stuart what he thought of tbe pro posal to have V- ?: : ? ? , ? ^i : ? ARMSTROIfa AND JACISON '' ? ' ' ''.' fight for the Colored Champioualiip. ,; A Now York paper says that Stuart mentioned that he- would; give' 15dol for a contest between Armstrong aud tho colored bruiser ''Bright Eyas' r the winner to take' all. Tina, of courso, is -facetious, but it coovojn an idea of Stuart's OBtiinato of Armstrong, aud it is about on a par of tho estimates formed of him by- otliors. '...?. . .' Next I heard that those behind Armstrong wore fisuinc for a matoh with Petor Mahor. I hope that thoy will be able to bring it abont. I don't know the first thing about. Armstrong frompersonal experieneo, but I think I will be able to judge him by the showing he will make with a man of Mailer's calibre. I have alsotheard that there ia a proposal on foot to invite Peter Jackaou over from London to go Manor twenty rouiida in Now York. I don't know what Jaokson will think of an offer of thia kind, or whether he ia in any shape to accept any offer, but I have written to him, aud 1 hope to bo able to fell something definite about hie plans and prospects next mail. .:; '' DAN CREEDON HAD A CUT, IN '','. -...??'.'' at the Broadway Club ou the night of Decem ber 11. His oppoueut was Diok O'Brion; of Boston, aud, while Dan won in nine rouuds, O'Brien established a reputation for , gatuo uess second to nono iu this country^ Creedou, it is said, did not appear to be in tho pink of very .near puying the penalty by defeat, as it was only his clevoruoaa saved him. It looks to me as if Dan cannot punch as hard as he used to. In the ninth round. of the fight iu: question he was suiashiugO'Brion all over the ring, bnt^could not kuook him down. .The. thiiiK became such a slaughtering exhibition that the reforee parted them and. declared Creodon the winner. .:; -' V ; . ?-'? .?-'-. '. . Dan's noxt opponent will be Jim Williams, 'of Salt Lake City. . Thoy are to meet in New York some time this mouth. ,, ;. '?;. ?'??_? . , ; .. Tom Byau, of Chioago, had a pretty lively tussto.with oiir old friend, Billy M'Carthy, ut the Empire Club, Buffalo,' -on --tho night of December 20. They had 'agreed. to -moot at oatbh-wuigbts; and Ryan; weighed . 1451b. M'Carthy weighed 1521b. Tom was the aggressor at the opening of the .mill: Ho laude,d freely on Billy's body and neck, and t'uo Auatraliari sootnod uuablo to divert oiie of the blows. The rouud was decidedly in , liyaii'a favor. ?'.' ? ,'''.:i.; ?.'.?.??' ..?,???' ,-.- ?'?,'.'?':' ;'.:.-.. ?''?''? M'Carthy sprung a surprise in tbe' second round. -He wont at bi3 mini vigorously, and for about two minutes-it: lobkod as if Kyan would bo knocked- out. 'Ho'wWs^sent to the ' floor twice. Billy fought himsolf out,' how : over, and; tho -miuuto's.. rest proved .Ryan's salvatiouiv-' ?.'.':- ??'.?'..?'?. :'.'?' ;y:.!.:'^''?'-':S ?':.''.' M'Cartby' was a rece'ivor.genbral during the 'balance of t!io contest, al though thoro wore times when ho put in vicious clips which shook up the Chicagoan considerably. Ono of the foatiires uf Billy's .fiuht was the gamoness he displayed. It was tbonglit, that he would not last the fifth round, but ho worried through. . Thon tlmy said he would not be ablo to staud .up agaiust ltyan's battery in the sixth round,' Billy, although bleeding from several cuts, and having his left eye tightly closed, fooled the prophets. It looked indeed iiB if McCarthy would not bo ablo to loave his obair for the seventh round. Ho brushed his seconds aside, however, and worit'to the oontro of the ring: He wua simply thero to bit,. for Byau had bnt to lend aud land whorever he wanted. After two minute8 of this kind of thing ? tho roforeo stopped tho mill and sent the mon to their corners. Kyan, of oourse^ was adjudged the winner. ' ' . ? ' ,-':'. '-;?'?:'?. It never rains bnt it pours, for poor ?- ; BILLY HAH BEEN WHIPPED AaAIN since tho Kyau affair. Ho mot Nick Burleyi formerly of Situ Franoiaoo, at , the Tuxedo Club, Philadelphia, on the night of Decuinber 30, and was knocked ont in the second round. It is a pity M'Cartby cannot turn his baud to ?omething besides bruising, for it soems wrong that a atout-hoartod fellow like him should be batted around by men who would have had no earthly phanco with him in bis best days. ' ? . ? . ? Jerry Marshall still seems to bo on the toboggan. His last contest was with 'Spike' Sullivan at the Polo Athletio Club, Phila delphia, on the night of tho 'z8l.li. Jerry waa counted out iu the soventh round by tho refereo, although it wa9 claimed tlmt ho waa atill ablo' to' continue fighting. Tbe contest was not one of the fairest on record the men wrostliug a great deal and adopting other foul taotics. Jerry, it is said, was oautiouod several times by tho referee, but ho did not heed. Ho was in protty bad uhape in tun sixth round, and he went down several times when Sullivan led at bim. Thia caused Marshall to be hissed by the epeotators. Iu the Horenth round Jerry went to hiB knees three times without cause, and tho referee on tho thii'd occasion gave tbe fight against him, Jem Maoe is now in this oountry, and according to all accounts ia being thoroughly lionised. He oamo over to haveaspooial set to with Mike Donovan, who ia alaou veteran, and who is supposed to know all that is up-to-date in American ideas of boxing. It waa a four two-minute rouud affair, and it took place in New York. That tho house was not orowdod to the rafters I gather from tho fuot that each of the votorans received but lMJOdol for his bit. Of onurso nothing but kind words wore said of the exhibition, tho old and tho young sports who wore presont going into ecBtasios over tho marvellous oleverneis of each of tbe past- masters of the noble art. Jim Corbett had a private seanco with MACE AND DONOVAN, the incident forming the banis of a picturo itory foe ttis New Yobs Juu&nal;, Jim, over his own signature gave hia idoas of Mace's talents, and told in a patronising mannnr how clover old Jim mnst havo boon iu Ilia younger days. Now, I am a-tbinkir.g that bad it boon posaiblo to bring the Maoo of thirty years ngo and the Corbett of. sovon years ago together, tho latter would have beon more than impressed with Maco's ability. Jim also had nice things to any of Miko Donovan. He said, of. course, that, Mike's methods woro mbro modern than tboxo of Maoo, and, I haro no doubt but that ho is right. Any nno who. witnessoa a boxing cou tost in thoso latter 'days inuat adniit that hitting straight from'tho'ehoulder has given way to all kinds, of stiff arm swings and crbokod arin.hookB. The peouliar part of it all ia that these now blows seem to. bo more, humane than the old ones, aa they knock' a man oat quickly nnd don't cut him to pieoos, It seems tome that tho ohl rule, ,' bit straight from the sbouldor,' has boon superseded by tho new rule, ' hit any old way you pan.' J Mnoo is now making a tour of tho States, sparring with all' tho old fojsila that' pan be unearthed. In Fliiladalphia he met. a man namod M'Loaii, who'ia abmethiuf; short of 100 years of age, arid who used .to know Fitrg, or Donnelly, or somebody , blso who onoo fought for a living. I. uiidorstand Mnce's 'advanco agonts are. out in front scouring up antiques in every city in the. Union. .It is rumored that Jim will probably remain in' this country, though in view of the 'fact that the papers refer to him as a . dolinoator of . bygone methods, I don't see how he can expect to make much monoy iu. teaching the young idea bow to slog. .'.'?;';.. ;.'.-..- ... ? ;. ':..?' : JIMMY ANTHOITY, Till HKLIlOnRNX JBOY, had a ton-round match' hare'', shortly aftor the Corbolt-Sharkey affair, but lin onlr managed to run second. His opponent was Jack Ward, a midget who makes Mb headquarters at Baltimore, and who is a very clever bantam. Tho affair took plaobatthe Occidental Clnb', and Young MilcheU'was tho reforee. It waa ; a busy night with -me,1 and I got thoro in time to aoo the last round only I could tell then by Ward's face that Jimmy had been doing - considerable execution. I heard ? from thoso at the ringside that Anthony had the' Baltimorean going several times. I must Bay thorigh that the final round was not in Anthony's favor... Tho other follow was inuob the quioker of the two, and whiln there was not much st.uin in his blown, he landed a groat number of times, and got out of tha way of Jirii's counters. ''?-'? Young Mitchell deoidod in favor of Ward, and I am satisfied that while he may hare considered tho dociaion fair, hogave Anthony a shado the worst of it. Everyono I have had a talk with since says that the boat Ward Bhonlil bavo got waa u draw, so tbat I do not consider Anthony in the least dis graced by tho reverse that was recorded ngivinst him. . ? -.-?'?' It is very ovident that tho sports in and around Now York are baving a surfeit' of boxing. There are far too miiny clubs 'in the field, and it is palpable that somo of those who are finding the sinews of war aro parting with their wealth;' George Larigho and M'Koevor wore ; to ' have ? fought at tho Marlborough Club,- Long Island City, on December 23, but at tbo appointed hour there was a hitch. T.lie; attendance was light, arid tuo principals refused to ao on unless the purse was first placed in responsible hands. Tho managers'., coujd riot do this, as the amount waB not iu the box-office; so that those present we're ; . '-., ?'.'?;' ' ' :'. ....?.'? GIVEN .' RAIN CHECKS,' :'. aa the baseball people call them, imd. told tliat' their pasteboards' would' bo recognised when the men mot later ou at one of'tlie New York oluhs.' ?.?'?.?'??;?;? ? . - ??;' -:i' ;;'t '?'-. - .?'? .-?-,' In a letter to hand from Sam Fitzpatrick, he'thiuka that M'Keover .was: aa^oloso ton fight with Iiavigrio as ; heVis doairous of getting. Sam's pessimistio way of putting it lead's me to believe that the match ia'ofi for good, arid I suppose those who paid admission at Lome Islu'tid will simply havo to -'regard' their return checks in the light of souvenirs. A '-'story floatu out of the' gaol whero Gciffo ia incarcerated, to the oft'edt that ' the loatber' is making all kinds of good resolu tious while serving -bis time. Ho 'avows tlmt when he is released bo will never touch liquor again. It is said that prison fare ia agreeing with him, and that ho will be big enough to tackle Deuvor Ed: Smith when be ' comes out.'- . : ?'.?' -? ;. '- -.-:-'' ??.'??:.'??? - ': :?'?? .;' Talking of Denver Ed; Smith reminds md that the shifty ringster in question retnmed from South Africa recauily. Ho brought with him some Johannesburg papora Bhowing that his match with. Joe Goddard waa anything bnt a oue-'sidud. affair. Tlio aooouutH.roproducod in the East, iu fact, made it appear that Smith had the Barrier man iuQueor-atreet at oiio-Btage of the' fight, and that if required. Her'ouloan effort on:.' Joe's.part. to. turu thb tidu of battle. ?.'',. ...... ?.' .l\\.-l-'. . Smith-htts. not talked fight to 'any, extent, sinoe bo returned, which leads, me to believe that bo brought a few shokola buck with him, and intends to enjoy lifo for a brief period. He wiil find plenty, to do, no doubt, whou ho geta ready for work again, as there urOy.- .,- . ?'. -? ', ????' MORE CLUBS THAN, TIIBRE ABE GOOD .':',' . .'.v, ,-..-, ' , ?'?'.' PIOHTEBS '.:?-?' ?'? - - : '. ,.v';--' along the Atlantic seaboard.- -. .' , ' ?' :'. ''.. I' Frank Erue,.thb Buffalo featherweight, and tho only youngster apparently, who gained au honest decision from Chainpiuu Geuree Dixcm, .is ovidontly a little diffoient from bis fellows. The rule nowadays, whou you havo bested a rival, is to soc your face against giving him a return matcli, and toll him to 'go aud get a. reputation.1'.., ,:.:::. -:: ., ,?'*,, .'.,'- ? ^otsoErno;. Ho is worried because Dixbn thinks that the vordict in the -last affair was I not: according to the work dona, and ho is determined to ;remov-i all; doubta by tackling Dixou uzitiu. .'.-, , ',-.?,.... ;. ?:!?.?'?'-.?','- .''.Dixoii doesn't appear to be satisfied with the whipping,! gave, him,' explained Erne. ?VIsupposo the proper uourse^tu, pursuo is-to give him a chauoo to retrieve hia lost laurels. I want no empty honors, and if Dixon is -my superior I, 'want to know it. I um going to New Yoi-k to see about it, and I will meet him boforo tho olub offering the beat induce ments.'.:- r-' . ::, ..- -;.,„-. .-- ' .. ... '?? ; ? .. '. Ibis aaid that thia is just the chance Dixon and Tom O'Rmirke have been acliiug for, and if; Erno is as good as his word, no difficulty will bo.oipei'iunciid iu finding a club and a purse':.' ..Tho affair will, bo as good a card, I think, as a go between tvvo of tho big.hoavy weights,. for litue is aoknowled);ed to bo, a wonder, and iuust sports- are curious to ascertain wlwthei- Dixou has really deuliuod. : It BtaudH to roason that tho brown boy must havn gone buck some, for hi) has boon on tho lisla a long, long, timo, aud has ,not lived carefully duriujf the past fire or six years. , 1 riotico . that that other colurod, woiidor, ?Walcott, is also auspocted, of boing ou the down grade. The Barbadona uig. experienced a aot-back whou he wont agaiusc Welter weight Tommy West some timo in December, aud it is common talk now tlmt he is fighting Bhy of-ineu whom he was anxious. to meet ;beforo.-' - -,''? '?. '?-. ??'-..?? ??-.?' - :;'. -.??-.?? '-?';? ;,',.?': .',--'-' TOJT TRACEY ,;?.-'',,':''..?;..'?':..? is anxious, to cat a orack at him, but tlie Mel bouriiita is having no better luok thau others who aro ti-yiiiK, tq.draw Waloott into. a fight. West, by-the-byc; iB riot 'averse 'to meeting Walcott a second time, but tbe colored fgllow imp6sos-.weight' ' rostriotions . whioh West cannot comply with. ':?'.' i. . ' ' : ' , ? The effect*' of crowding the mourners, bo far aa unlimited boxing is concorued, was exemplified in New York on the night of January 2, when Jimmy Duffy, a lightweight boxer, died, after being defeated by George W. Justice at the Broadway Club. This is the organisation run by Tom O'Rourke, of Boston, and it is the club in which Commissioner of Police Roosevelt witnessed his first boxing bout, and romarkod subsequently; that the sport was manly and health-giving, aud all the rest of it . The money-grabbing club proprietors have been trading upon- those few almnoe remarks of Roosevelt just as a patent modioine voudor travels on those good old unsolicited testi monials; sottirig forth tho curative qualities of his compound, and .instead of: going a]ong nicely and ohlerly they havo been running the game into tho ground. ' ,; ; ? ; It was O'ltourko who, in his hoggishness started Saturday night boxing shows, and tbo death: of Duffy is thg result of one of them. It is said that thu lad was in no condition to enter tho rinpr.and, indeed, tho verdiot of thb coroner's jury' inakos this all too plaiu. At the aaino timn the verdict shows that Duffy was not actually bcatou to death; so that it is possible no halt will be called on fisticuffs in Now York over this particular happening: But it is only a matter, of time when Mr. O'Bonrke and thb Bharks who associate with him will have boxing' wiped from the oalendar of apbrtB once more. Tho verdiot in Duffy's onse was as follows : — ' Wo find that James Duffy oamo to his death ou January 4, 1897, iu tbo St. Vincent Hospital, by meningmil hemorrhage, suporin duoed January 2, 1897, at tho Broadway Atb letio Club, by exbitement followed by a boxing exhibition with George W. Jnstiuo, and accele rated by hypertrophia of tho heart, and we oxbnbrato from all blame the Bald olub, Thomas O'EonrkoXmamigor), Eiohard Booue (referee), and George W.Justioe( principal). We rooom . mend that every regularly organised athlotio olub or institution be compelled by law to havo a reputable and competent pbyeioUu oi surgeon on hand to oxamino all wonliluepar ticipauts in proposed boxing exhibitions.' At The Last Moment. A paragraph in ono of tho evening papers lias caused a mild commotion. It is as fol lows ! ? ' PatsyCarroll and Frank Kennedy, Chicago sports, received a tologram from Dan Stuart, announcing that the fight botwoen Fitzsim motis and Corbntt will take plaoe in tho United Statna. According to tho mossagothe battluground seleetod is considered so much of a sure thing that Carroll and Konnody at once started plans to run a special train to tbo scene of action. The spot ohc-san will be known ono month beforo tbo fight takeB place.' ?''?'.''.? I am inolined to doubt tho truth of the above, as it isn't like Stnart to make dis closures of tbat sort at tin's stage of the game.' But if the news is true I would not giro a counterfeit niokol for tho big Toxan's' proa- pootaof '???-',. . --. ' BRINQINO THE PIQHT TO A HEAD. Ho may have discovtrod aomo Stato whero tho laws do not apeoifically forbid ring contests, but he 'will 'find, I am tbinking, that the Government of this country will find a way of baulking hia plans, oven at' tho eleventh hour. Stuart thought he had everything nicely fixed for tho Mahor- Fitzsimmona go in tho torritory of NewMexico, and we all know that within a vory few daya of the date Dologato Oalron introduced a bill in Washington which knonked tho scheme .Galley Weat. Theu wo all hadto travol down into tho wildaof Texaa und dodge across tho Bio Grande into Old Mexico. If it is really Stnart'e intontion to. try and work off tho fight in the States I shouldn't wonder if Novada is the particular State he has' in . mind. Some ot the people up around Reno and CarBori have assured him that there is a law to fit hi* case, and I know of no other State that ian't well hedged in by legislation against prize fights. But I will need to bear somothinR fnrthor bofore I altor my conviction that Moxico is to bo tho spot: : Tho National Sporting Club at London has offered a purse of 2500(iol. for a Bglit between PKTER MAHER ANfl MICK DOOLEY. If Dooley d« uo't accept the olub will sub Btituto'Tut Eyau. I hardly think Maher will oross tho water for anch oomparativoly small monoy while the parae is so lively 'on this side, but if he goes against either man stick a pin in this prophecy. Mnher will win. ? — W. W. Nauohton. 