OUR COUNTRY SERVICE. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.] A SENSATIONAL INCIDENT. BALLARAT, Wednesday. Clad only in his nightshirt and a sheet taken from his bed, John Francis Carroll, 19 years of age, fled in the dark of the early morning from the Ballarat Hospital. He was suffering from brain disease, and being very noisy in his ravings was strapped to a bed in the men's ward. After the doctor's round at midnight Carroll managed to free himself of his bonds, and left the institution unobserved by the at tendants. It appears he made off in the direc tion of his home. At 3 o'clock a young, man named Peasnell saw a ghostly figure on the foot bridge crossing the railway line, and having called up a friend the two went toward the " ghost," whereupon the figure rose, screamed horribly, and threw himself off the bridge on to the railway line, a distance of 15 feet. When picked up he was found to have had his right thigh and wrist broken and various flesh injuries. . He was taken back to the hospital. INGLEWOOD HOSPITAL. Isc.mwooD, Tuesday. The monthly meeting of the committee was held last evening. Present-Messrs. Taysom (in the chair), Symonds (treasurer), Horan, Porter, Garden, Phillips, Lamont and Kairley. A letter was read from Messrs. Leigh and Smellie, stating that they were compelled tee give one week's notice to terriiinate their con tract for the supply of meat to the hospital owing to the large price they were having to pay for stock. In a later communication they stated that rather than put the committee to any unnecessary expense they were pre pared to fulfil their contract conditionally that the committee give dtrick instructions to th^ officers to curtail as much as possible the quantities ordered; especially mutton. Re ceived. The h'on. secretaries Bocrt Friendly Society's, sports forwarded £46, proceeds of sports, and submitted the names of Messrs. W. II. Wingfield and W. J. Fneev as life governors to the institution. Received, the gentlemen named to be appointed conditionally upon thero being sufficient money to qualify them for ap pointment. The surgeon's report was receired. The Mib-committee reported having inquired into the supply of meat, tea, etc., during the latter- portion of the financial year 1N96, and ; recommended that as the matter re ferred to passed under the supervision of the committee some 12 months since, it wbuld be unwise to re- open the question, more especially in the face of the fact that the past year had been one of the most successful financially in the history of the institution. At present a very close supervision is kept over the issue of all stores, none being issued ex cept under the immediate supervision of the superintendent.' The' 'unprecedented increase in the price of meat and provisions generally had, no douht, ' ltd to the question of expenditure receiving exf.ra consideration, but the committee thought it would be unwise to take any further action. It would be detri mental to the best interests of the institution to recognise any separate classification as regarded benevolent or other patients. The report was received an 1 adopted. The treasurer reported that the receipts for the month had amounted to £81 9s 5:1. It was resolved that Hospital Sunday bo celebrated on 3rd October. "Mr. T. Phillips tendered his resignation as a member of the committee in the following letter :-" I beg to tender you my resignation as a member of your committee. I hear that my being on your board has been commented upon unfavorably by certain people. I would not like the institution to suffer by my presence with you. Wishing you and the institution every prosperity." Mr. Horan regretted very much that Mr. Phillips had resigned. He had never heard anything detrimental said about him as a member of the committee. Mr. Phillips was too sensitive on the point. Mr, Fairley regretted the resignation. The objection, it seemed, was that Mr. Phillips being the only. chemist in the town stood in the position of a contractor. He was sure Mr. Phillips would rather resign than give the public an oppor tunity to talk. Mr. Garden moved that the resignation be accepted with regret. Seconded by Mr. Symonds and carried. Mr. Fairley moved ttiat a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Phillips be recorded on the minutes of the in stitution for the honest work done by him. Seconded by Mr. Porter, and carried unani mously. CASTLE,MAINE, WEDNESDAY. BICYCLF, ROAD RACE.-A 20 mile road race took place this afternoon. The course was round a block-the four principal streets-the competitors each haying to go round 25 times. Results :-Mizon, 12A nun. start (1 hour 10 (iiiii. 45 see.), 1 ; Osborne, 12A niin. start (I hour 11 min. 15 see.), 2; Rickert, 17A niin. start(1 hour IS min* 5/sec.), 3. The winner when a few laps from the finish, fell heavily,' hut pluckily remounting, won the race. PRESIDENT.-Cr. G. D. Carter, of Fryers town, was yesterday elected president of Mount Alexander shire. PARLIAMENTARY ELECTION.-In Castlemaine proper and the surrounding municipalities Messrs. Williams, M'Cay and Gordon have foi nied strong committees, and the contest s?ems as though it will be a severe one. Mr. Greenliill is working quietly. He does not in tend to have a committee, and talks confidently of success. CONARGO, (N.S.W.), FRIDAY. CLIMATIC.-During the past week we have experienced very rough weather with occasional heavy showers. The country lound for miles iooka splendid \vith a fine growth of grass, and by appearances there will be no scarcity of feed for stock during the approaching summer. THS WOOL SEASON.- Shearing is now in full swing, and-many of the large sheds are well on the way. lioonokc, Coore, Yanko, Quimonf, Hartwood and Puckawidgee, have all starteS. the last named being about tliree weeks behind the usual time owing to the severe drought. Singular 'to state, during the drought Puekawidgee lost no sheep, which Epeaks volumes for the splendid grazing quali ties of this famous run. Mr. L. Timanus, 1 who has been in charge of the above shed for I many years during shearing time, occupies Hie same position again this season, and everything is progressing well. Although the sheep are rather low in condition, the clip will be very good. DERBY, WEDNESDAY. THE MANDURANG ELECTION.-A meeting of friends and supporters of Mr. R. O'Neill was held here on Saturday evening for the purpose of forming a committee to secure his return to Parliament. ECHUCA, TUESDAY. THE VACCINATION ACT.--TWO residents were fined 10s each at the Police Court to-day for neglecting to have their children vaccinatcd. They pleaded that on the other side of the border, viz., Moama, there was no compulsion, and their children had to mix with Moama children. ; TKK WOOL SEASON".-Several trucks of wool have_been received from Deniliquin by rail at the Kehuea wharf, where they will be dumped for the seaboard. STOCK CROSSINGS. - The following stock | crossed the border into Echuca yesterday :-iG [ rains, W. Mofiatt, owner, Wanganella, con signed to Wyclifie road; 100 sheep, D. Glen, owner, Moira, consigned to G. Howat, Mel bourne; 92 sheep, R. Sutherland, owner, Moira, consigned to W. G. Hutton, Melbourne. THE BANK HALF-HOLIDAY.-The local bank ; managers have refused to take steps to change their half-holiday from Saturday to Wednes day. I HEATHCOTE, WEDNESDAY. HOSPITAL.-The ordinary meeting of the com mittee was held last night. Present- Mr. Lewis (president) and Messrs. G. W. Robinson, i W. C. Robinson, Kearney and Greig. The treasurer reported receipts for the month: Subscriptions, .CO 9s Id ; proceeds of concert at Graytown, ±'5 2s Gd ; credit balance, £101 Us Id. Mr. J. Thomas tendered his resignation as a member of committ:p. The secretary was in structed to convey the thanks of tiie committee to Mr. Crossley and others at Graytown for their assistance in obtaining £5 2s 6d as pro ceeds of an entertainment. The medical officer recommended the committee to take some steps towards the erection of a building for the treat ment of infectious and contagious diseases, and suggested that the Shire Council be approached with a view to obtain its co- operation in the matter. The chairman moved that Mr. W. C. Robinson, the secretary and the mover form a sub-committee to confer with the medical officer and to furnish a report at a future meet nig of the committee. The visiting committee reported having paid several visits to the insti tution during the month. Everything was found in good order, and there wero no com plaints by any of the patients. KERANG, WEDNESDAY. ELECTION OF SHIRK PRESIDENT.-At ths meeting of the Swan Hill Shire Council yester day the members returned at the shire elect tion (Crs. Cullen, Richardson, Moore and Dunst-an) were introduced and took their seats, ut the council table. Cr. .John Moore was elected president of the shire by the unani mous vote of the council, and the allowance tras fixed it £70. CONTROL OF LAKE MERAN.-Yesterday Mr. D. W. Williamson, secretary of the Wandella Irrigation Trust, waited on the Swan Hill Shire Council in reference to*' further correspondence from the Department oi Lands and the Depart ment of Water Supply, asking the council if it still objected to the control of Lake Meran and Spectacle Lakes being placed under the control of his trust. Mr. Williamson pointed out that some members of the council were evidently under a misapprehension as to the object of the members of the trust in seeking control of the I lakes in question, which was simply to enable them' to charge for water pumped from them for irrigation within the trust's area. After some discussion it was decided that this coun cil raise no objection to the lakes, Meran and Spectacle, and Little Lake being placed under the temporary control of the Wandella Irriga tion Trust, so a3 to allow them to charge for water used for irrigation purposes, but thatout side the area of the trust should have free access to the lakes at all times for domestic and stock purposes. RESIGNATION".-Yesterday Cr. E. M'Kay, one of the representatives of the South- west Riding of the Swan Hill Shire, tendered his resignation as shire councillor on account of having dis posed of his property qualification. AIARONG, TUESDAY. PRESENTATION.---Recently at the State school Miss Madge Lyons, who has been assis tant teacher, and who is retiring on the eve of her marriage, was presented by her fellow teachers and the children with a valuable silver cake salver and an ornate cake basket, suitably imcribed. ROCHESTER, WEDNESDAY. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The monthly meet ing of the committee w'as held last evening. Present-Messrs. J. Graham (in the chair), Read, Ferber, Spencer, Lee, Wilkinson, Gray, Connell, Marshall, Nanier, Gravell, Hart and the Revs. Ghent and "Neilson. A letter was received from the Chief Secretary's office, en closing cheque for £9 15s lid, being the amount of the annual grant. The balance-sheet of the late concert, showing a net balance of £11 6s Gil, was received and adapted. A vote of thanks was accorded Mr. H. M. Lee for his capable management of the concert, and also to the ladies and gentlemen'who assisted. The treasurer reported a credit balance of £31 12s Sd. It was decided to close the library on New Year's Day, Good Friday, Easter Mon day, Queen's Birthday and Boxing Day in :aeh year, and the president, secretary and treasurer were'empowered to close the library on any local holiday. The tender of BiHett and Haughton, at. £1 19s, for extra shelving and paper stand in the free room was accepted. FriiK BraoADH.-The monthly meeting was held last evening at the depot, Captain Bird in the chair. A letter was rend from the Country Fiie Board soliciting donation towards defray ing the law costs incurred by Mr. Stevens in his recent action for alleged libel ngainit Mr. Shoppee. The sum of 10s fid was donated. It was decided to send two teams to compete at. Bendigo on 9th November for the trophies pre sented by Daymond Bros. 1 RUSUWORTH, WEDNESDAY. .: \YARA>"t;A SHIRE.-To-day (Jr. H. M. Raven was elected president for the ensuing 12 months. ; . SEBASTIAN, WEDNESDAY. ' THE ELECTIONS.-Mr. R. O'Neill, M.L.A., paid;a visit to this portion of the electorate to-, day.: He interviewed several of the leading, residents,: who promised to accord him their: vote.and influence. ., SWAN HILL, TUESDAY. NEW MALL.EE LEGISLATION.-At a- meeting of the Swan Hil! progress committee last night the following resolutions were adopted in con nectibn with the contemplated Amended Mallee Act:-1. That an amendment be made in the Act to allow every mallee lessee to have the right to bring his land under the new Act, and participate in' all rights and privileges accorded to the holders of mallee allotments before the passing of the new Act. 2. That a transferree be allowed the same rights and privileges as the original holder. 3. That on amendment be made so' as to allow, mallee lessees and licensees to take advantage of the cheap money to farmers' scheme. 4. That clause 21, sections 1, 2 and 3, be amended so that lessees should get their leases when they have one-half of their land under cultivation, boundaries fenced, house erected, tanks sunk, and improvements effected to the extent of 10s per acre. Lessees to be under three years' licence before they apply for their lease j^and, further, any lessee having been in possession of their licence for three years before the passing of the Act to be cnti'-led to their leases at once. 5\. That rental be Id per acre whether for cul tivation or otherwise. 6. That the price of the land be 103 per acre ; payments to extend over 20 years. 7. That allotment holders be al lowed to select up to 1,000 acre3. Mr. J. H. Stewart (president of the shire), Mr. R. J. Tuff and Mr. A. Knox Chapman were hp pointed delegates to present the above resolu tions to Mr. Best when in Swan Hill en route to Bumbang. WEDDERBURN, TUESDAY. BOARD OF ADVICE.-At its meeting to-day, the board was requested by the Education de partment, to nominate a gentleman for appoint ment as successor to Mr. Gray, resigned. It was dcc'dsd to invite the residents of the Rich mond Plains district to hold a public meeting and recommend someone. THE RECENT SCIIOOI, Exrui.siox.-With re gard to the expulsion some time ago by the head teacher of the Wedderburn school of the little girl Lena Flight, for refusing to procure a new style of copy book, the department inti mated that such a step was not sanctioned by the regulations,and that the child should have been allowed to continue with the book she had in use, even though it did not conform to the system introduced by the teacher. VALEDICTORY.-A very large meeting of persons interested in the proposal to present Dr. Rinder with some evidence of the high estimation in which he is held, took place at Jackson's hotel last night. The Rev. Mr. Cox presided. Two schemes were submitted, one to have a ball and social, the other, which was adopted, was to hold a banquet and presentation of some kind 011 the 21st September. A com mittee of ten was appointed to arrange details. The doctor will leave here about the end of the month. 