CORLEONE; A TALE OP SICILY. ' BY F. MABION CRAWFORD. CHAPTER XX.— (Continued.) 1Sy brother said, 'You will see tho Pagliuca| —for everyone says it. But I had a laugh at him, for I thought that a dead man In his gravo must ho as quiet as a handkerchief in a drawer. So I came, and I unlocked the door, thinking about the festival, and I came In, meaning to take a candlo from the box and light It at the altar lamp, so that I might see well to stick the othors into tho candlesticks. But there was tho flame of a candle burning on the floor. It ran away from me as 1 came In, and others ran after it, and round and round It. Then I knew that I saw the souls of tho old Paglluca, and I said to myself that presently I should see also their bodies — an evil thing, for they have been long dead. Then I made a movement — who knows how I did? I dropped the box and 1 heard It break, and all the candles rolled out upon tho floor as though the dead Paglluca were rattling their bones. But I counted neither one nor two, hilt jumped out into the road with one Jump. Santa Vittoria helped mo; and It was a bright moon light night, but as I shut the door, I could see the souls of the Paglluca Jumping up and down on the pavement. I said within me, when the dead dance, the living go homo. And my face was white. When I came home, my brother said, 'You have seen the Paglluca.' And I said, 'I have seen them.' Then he gave me some rum, and I lay In a cold sweat till morning. From that time I will not come hero at night. But In the daytime, It is different." Orsino and Ippolito knew well enough that In old Italian churches, where many dead are burled under the pavement, it is not an uncom mon thing to see a will-o'-the-wisp at night. ' But in the dim little church, with the dead Pagll uca lying under their feet, there was something gruesome about tho man's graphic story, and they did not laugh, ".Let us hope that we may not see any ghosts," said Orsino. ' "Amen," answered tho sacristan, dovoutly. "That Is the organ," he said, pointing to the loft. lie led the way. On one Eide of the entrance a small arched door gave access to a narrow wind ing staircase in the thickness of the wall, lighted by narrow slits opening to the air. Though, the loft had not appeared to be very high above tho pavement, the staircase Boomed very long. At last the three emerged upon the boarded floor, at the hack of the Instrument, where four greasy, knotted ropes hung out of worn holes in the cracked wood. The rose window over the door of the church threw a bright light into the little forest of dusty wooden and metal pipes above. The ropes were for working tho old-fashioned ' bellows. Ippolito went round and took the thin deal cover from the keyboard. He was surprised to find a double bank of keys, and an octave and a half of pedals, which Is very uncommon in coun try organs. He was further unprepared to see the name of a once famous maker in Naples just above the keys, but when he looked up he under- . stood, for on a gilded scroll, supported by two rickety cherubs above his head, he read tho name of the donor. 'FERDINANDUS PALHJCA PRINCEPS COR- LEONIS COMES SANCTAE VICTORTAE SICULUS DONAVIT A.D. MDCCCXXI.' The. instrument, was; therefore, the gift of a Fordlhando Paglluca, Prince of Corieone, Count . of Santa Vittoria, probably of ono of those Paglluca whose souls the fat sacristan believed he had. seen 'jumping up and down on the pave ment.' Tho sacristan tugged at the ropes that moved the bellows. Ippolito dusted the bench over . which he had leaned to uncover the keys, slipped in, swinging his feet over the pedals, pulled out two or three stops, ;.p.d struck a chord. The tone was not bad, and had in it some of that richness which only old organs are supposed to possess, like old violins. He began to pre lude softly, and then, one by one, he tried the other stops. Some were fair, hut some were .badly out of tune. The cornopean brayed hide ously, and the hautboy made curious buzzing sounds. Ippolito promised himself that he would set the whole instrument in order in the course of a fortnight, and was delighted with his dis covery. When he had finished, the fat sacris tan caino out from behind, mopping his forehead With a blue cotton handkerchief. "Capers!" ho exclaimed. "You are a pro fessor. ..If Don Glacomo hears you, he will die of envy." "Who. Is Don Glacomo?" "Eh, Don Glacomo! He is the postmaster and tho telegrapher, and he plays tho old organ in tho big 'church on Sundays. But when there Is tho festival here, a professor comes to play this one, frojn Catania. But ho cannot play as you do." Orsino. had gone down again into tho church while Ippolito had liceu playing. They found lilm bending very low over an inscription -on n slab near the altar steps. "There is a curious inscription here," he said, without looking up. "I cannot quite read It, but it seems, to me that I see our name In it. It would he strange it one of our family had chanced- to die and bo burled here, ages ago." Ippolito bent down, too, till his head touched his brother's. "It Is not Latin,", he Eaid, presently. "It looks like Italian." The tilt sacristan jingled his keys rather impa tiently, for it was growing late. "Without troubling yourselves to read it, you may know what it is," he said. "It is the old prophecy about the Paglluca. When tho dead walk here at night they read It. It says, "Esca Pegliuca pnsca Saracen.' But it goes round a circle like a disc, so that you can read It, 'Saracen esca Paglluca pesca'— either, Let Paglluca go out, tho Saracen ds fishing, or, Let tho Saracon go out, Paglluca is fishing." "Or 'Saraclncsca Pagliuca pesca' — Saracinesca fishes for Pagliuca." said Ippolito to Orsino, with a laugh at his own Ingenuity. "Whc knows what it means?" exclaimed the sacristan. "But they say that when it comes true, ' the last Corieone shall die and the Pagliuca ' d'Oriani shall ond. 'But whether 'they end or not, they will walk hero till the Last Judgment. Signorl, tho twilight descends. If you do not wish to see tho Pagliuca, lot us go. But If you wish to see them, here are the keys. You are Ilia masters, hut I go home. This 13 an evil placa at night." The man was growing nervous, and moved away towards the door. The two brothers followed him. "Tho place Is consecrated," said Ippolito, as they reached tho entrance. "What should you be afraid of?" "Santa Vittoria is all alone here," answered the man, "and the Paglluca are more than fifty, when they come out aud walk. What should a poor Christian do? He Is better at home, with a pipe of tobacco." Tho sun had set when they all came out upon tho road, and the afterglow was purple on the snow of Etna; CHAPTER XXI. . Vittoria D'Oriani had very few companions. jCorona Saracinesca really liked her, for lier own sake, and was sorry for her because she belonged . to the family which was so often described as tho worst blood In Italy. Corona and San Glacinto's wife had together presented the Corieone tribe in Roman society, hut they were both women of middle age, without daughters who might have been friends for Vittoria. On the other hand, though tho Romans had accepted the family on the endorsement, as it were, of the whole Sara cinesca family, there was a certain general dls- jncllnation. to become intimato with them, due to the posthumous influence of their dead uncle, ; Corleono of evil fame. The Campodoulco people wero unwilling to have anything to do with them, even to the gentle and charitable Donna Franceses, who had been a Bracclo, and might therefore, perhaps, have been expected to con done a great many shortcomings in other fami lies. Pletro Ghlslerl, who generally spent tho winter In Rome, refused to know tlio d'Oriani, for poor dead Binnca Corlcone's sako; and his English wife, who knew tho old story, thought he was right. The great majority of the Romans received them, however, very much as they would have received foreigners who Bad what Is called a right to he in society, with civility, hut not Vlth enthusiasm. Vittoria had, therefore, mot many Roman girls ot her own ago during tho spring, hut had not bocorae Intimate with any of them. It was na tural that when her brother made the acquaint ance of Mrs. and Miss Slaybaek, and when the young American took what Is usually described In appalling English as a violent fancy to Vit toria, the latter should feel that sort of grati tude which sometimes expands Into friendship. . They saw much of each other. It Is needless to say that tlicy had not an idea In common, and It would havo been very surprising If they had. But on tho other hand they had that sort of com munity of fooling which Is a better foundation for intimacy than a similarity of IdeaB. ' Miss Lizzie Slaybaek was not profound, hut she was genuine, Sho had 110 inherited tendency to feel profound emotions nor to get Into trpglc situations, but she was full of Innocent senti ment. Like many persons who do not lead ro- mnntlc lives, she was In love with romance, and sho believed that romance had a sort of por- petunl exlstenco somewhere, so that by taking some pains ono could really find It and live in It. Her fortuno would ho useful in the search, although It was unromnntio to bo rich. Sho had not read "Monte Crlsto," because slio was told that Dumas was old-fashioned. Sho was not very gifted, but sho was very clover In detail. She did not understand Tebaldo in tho least, for sho. was no judge of human nature, but 'she. knew perfectly well how to keep him it , anh's length until she had decided to marry him. Slio was absolutely Innocent, yet ahe had also the most absolute assurance, and boro herself In society with the Independence of a marrlod woman of thirty. "It |s bur custom in my country," sho said to Vittoria, who wus sometimes startled by her frland's ludllforenco to the smaller convention alities. ... Tho two young Eb'ls spoke Fronch together, and understood each other, though a third per son might not at first have known that they wero speaking the same language. Vittoria spoke the French of an Italian convent, old-fashioned, stilted, pronounced with the rolling southern accent, which only her beautiful voice could make bearable, and more or less wild as to gender. Lizzie Slaybaek, as has been said, spoke fluently and often said the same things because she had a small choice of language. Occasionally she used phrases that would have made a French man's hair feel uneasy on his head, and her Innocent use of which Inspired disquieting doubts as to tho previous exlstenco of tho person who had taught her. "We think," sho said, "that It Is better to en joy yourself whilo you aro young, and be good when you grow old, but In Europe It seems to bo the other way." "No one can be good all the time," answered Vittoria. "One Is good a little and one Is bad a little, by turns, just as oue can." "That makes a variety," said Miss Slaybaek. "That is why you Italians are so romantic." "I never can understand what you mean by romantic," observed Vittoria. "Oh— everything you do is romantic, my dear. You brother is the most romantic man I ever saw. That is why I think I shall marry him," sho added, as though contemplating a new hat with a view to buying it, and almost sure that it would suit her. "I do not think you will be happy with him," said Vittoria, rather timidly. "Because ho is romantic, and I am not? Well, I am not sure." "There! You use the word again! Wha,t In the world do you mean by it?" Miss Slaybaek was at a loss to furnish tho re quired definition, especially in French. "Your brother Is romantic," sho said, repeat ing herself. "I am sure ho looks like Caesar Borgia." "I hope not!" exclaimed Vittoria. "Surely you would not marry — " Bhe stopped. "Caesar Borgia?" inquired Lizzie Slaybaek, calmly. "Of all people, I should have liked to marry him! He was nlco and wicked. He would never have ben dull, even nowadays, when every body Is so proper, you know." "No," laughed the Italian girl; "I do not think anybody would have called him dull. He gener ally murdered his friends before they were bored by his company." Miss Lizzie laughed, for Vittoria seemed witty to her. "If I had said that at a party," she answered, "everybody would have told me that I was 'so clever!" I wish I had thought of it. May I say It, as if it were mine? Shall you not mind?" "Why should I? I should certainly not say It myself, before people." "Why not?" "It would not he thought exactly — oh — what shall I say? We young girls are never expected to say anything like that. We look down, and hold our tongues." "And think of all the sharp things you will say when you aro married! That Is just the differ ence. Now, In the West, where I come from, If a girl has anything clever to say, she says It, even if she is only 10 years old. I must say, It seems to me much more sensible." "Yes — but there are other things, besides being sensible," objected Vittoria. "Then they must be senseless," retorted Miss Lizzie. "It follows." "There aro all sorts of customs and traditions In society that have not very anuoh sense per haps, but wo are all used to them, and should feel uncomfortable without them. When tho nuns taught me to do tills, or that, to say cer tain things, and not to certain other thlnga, it was because all the other young girls I should meet would he sure to act in just the same way, and if I did not act as they do, I should make myself conspicuous." "I never could see the harm in being con spicuous," said Miss Slaybaek. "Prpyided one Is not vulgar," sho added, by way of limita tion. "Do you not feel uncomfortable, when you feel that everyone Is looking at you?" "No, ot course not, unless I am doing, some thing ridiculous. I rather like to have people look at me. That makes me feel satisfied with myself." "It always makes me feel dreadfully uncom fortable," said Vittoria. "It Should not, for you aro beautiful, my dear. You really are. I only think I am, when I have good clothes and am not sunburnt or anything like that — ! never really believe it, you know. But when people admire me, it helps the illusion. I wish I wero beautiful, like you, Vittoria." "I am not beautiful," said the Sicilian girl, coloring a little shyly. "But I wish I had your calmness. I am always blushing— It is so un comfortable — or else I am very pale, and then I feel cold, as though my heart were going to stop heating. I think I should faint if I were to do the things you sometimes do." "What, for Instance?" laughed the American girl. "Oh — I have seen you cross a ballroom alone, and drive alone In an open' carriage — " "What could happen to mo in a carriage?" "It is not that— it is — I hardly know! It is like a married woman!" "I shall bo married some day, so I may as well get Into the habit or it," observed Miss Lizzie, smiling and showing her beautiful teeth. In spito of such inconclusive conversations, the two girls were really fond of each other. When Mrs. Slaybaek looked at Tebaldo's sharp fea tures, her heart hardened; but when she looked at Vittoria, 'It softened again. She was a very intelligent woman In her way, and, having origi nally married for his money a man whom she considered beneath her in social standing and cultivation, she wished to improve his family in her own and her friends' eyes by making a brilliant foreign marriage for his niece. 'Prin cess of Corieone' sounded a good deal better than 'Miss Lizzie Slaybaek,' and there was no denying the antiquity and validity of the title. There wero few to bo had as good as that, for the girl's religion was a terrible obstacle to iter marrying the heir of any great house In Europo in which money was not a paramount necessity. But Tebaldo assured her that he attached no Import ance whatever to such matters. Lizzie was in love with him. and lie took pains to seem to be in love with her. Mrs. Slaybaek did not give more weight to her niece's inclinations and fancies than Tebaldo gave to Ills religious scruples. The girl was highly impressiouablo to a very small depth, skin deep, in fact, and below tho shallow gauge ot her Im pressions she suddenly bocamo hard and obstin ate like her uncle. Sho had an unfortunate way of liking people very much at first sight if she chauced to meet them when she was in a good huinor, und quite regardless of what they might really be. She had said to herself that Tebaldo was "romantic." and as his life hitherto might certainly have been well described by some such word, ho had no difficulty In keeping up the Illusion for her. Ho saw that she listened with wonder and delight to his tales of wild doings in Sicily, and ho had not the slightest difficulty in finding as many of them to toll her as suited her purpose. He had been more intimately connected with one or two of hts stories than he chose to tell her; but ho was ready at turning a difficulty of that sort, and when ho Introduced himself he treated his own personality and actions with that ar tistic modesty which leaves vague beauties to the imagination. Never having had any actual experience of tho rude deeds of unbridled huma nity, Miss Lizzie liked revengeful people be- eauso they wero "romantic." Sho liked to think ot a man who could carry oil his enemy's bride in tho grey dawn of her wedding day, escape with her on hoard a ship, and be out of sight of land before night — bocauso such deeds wero "romantic." Sho liked to know that a band of 30 dosporato men could hid defiance to tho go vernment and tho army for months, and she loved to hear of Leone, the outlaw chief, who had killed a dozen soldiers with his own hand In 20 minutes, before ho fell with 27 bullets In him— that was indeed "romantic." And Tebaldo had seen Leono himself, many years ago, and remembered him and described him; and ho had seen most of the people whose extraordinary ad ventures ho detailed to tho girl, and had known them and spoken with them, had shot with thom for wagers, had drunk old wine of -Etna at their weddings, and had followed some of them to thoir graves when they had been killed. A good many of his acquaintances, had been killed In various "romantic" affairs. Everything he told her appealed strongly to Lizzie Slaybaclc's imagination, and he had the advantage," it it woro one, of being really a groat deal like tho people lio described, daring, unscrupulous, physically bravo and revengeful, very much the type which Is so often spoken of In Calabria with hated breath, as a "desperate man of Sicily." For tlio Italian ot the mainland Is apt both to dread and respect tho stronger man of tho Islands. In addition to Ills accomplishments as a story teller, Tebaldo possessod tho power of seeming to be very much in love, without ever saying much about it. Ho flattered the girl, tolling her that she was beautiful and witty and charm ing, and everything else which sho wished to be- and when his eyelids wero not drooping at 'the corners as they did when ho wa3 angry, he had a way ot gazing with Intense and mean ing directness Into Lizzie Slayback's dark blue oyes so that Vittoria would no longer have envied her, for she blushed and looked away, half pleased and half disturbod. Allandra Basill thought Francesco much more roady and apt to anticipate lier small wishes and to understand lier thoughts than Ills bro ther But when ho cliose to take tlio troublo, with cool calculation, Tebaldo know well enough how to make a woman believe that he was tak ing enro of her, which is what many women most wish to feel. AVltli Allandra, whom he loved as much as lie was capable ot loving any one Tobuldo felt himself almost too much at his 'caso to dlsgulso his own solflslinesB. But ho gavo lilmsolf oudlesb troublo for Miss Slaybnck, and site was sometimes touched by little acts of lils which showed how constantly sho was in hl3 mind— as Indeed she was. much more than she knew. To bo continued. 