CHAPTER XL.-" IP HE SLAV ME, YET \\\ ILL I TRUST HIM." Thc Grat (¡mc Rucdou Clegg met Mary Talbot lace to face after his return was at thc height of the terror that was devastating the village. It was iu thc twilight of a lovely June evening. Clegg had walked from his mother's cottago, on his way to visit Radford aud his wife, both of whom were sick. The long village street was still as thu grave. Not a door was open. The roadway was green with weeds and grasses. Wild flowers de- corated the footpaths by the roadside hedge aud thc walled-iu gardens. It might have been a village of the dead. If on any day the people were stiring, they moved about like ghosts, or they were bringi- g out their dead. No grim signs of black flags or outward marks on door-poBts, signalled the infected houses. It was AS if the entire street waB sicklied o'er with some fatal legend of death. Un this sum- mer cveuing not a soul was abroad. Nor waB there, anywhere, the cheerful or solemn augury of a light in any window. Away on the side of the distant hill, where thc Old Hall had been wont to show ita illum- inated windows, only the shadowy outlines of thc place could be seen. J he Snifford-Brad 8hawcs had left the villago in the very first week af the distemper. They and their friends, aud their servants, and the stranger within their gate«, had fled before the pesti- lence, never to return ; and while the bumble cottage of Vicars, where they unpacked Ziletto's fatal gift, still stands, to bear historic witness of 'he truth of the Martyrdom o¡f Eyam, with other relics that ueed no monuments to keep the story living, thc Old Hall is a heap of ruin and forgetfulness The village forge no longer blazed upon thc hillock, and even the birds were Bilent. Motbing lived, as it seemed to Clegg by any tokcu that appeared, excepta few weird bats that mocked the flight of thc absent swallows ; for those gucBtB of summer had, strange to say, deserted their favourite hauuts in the village, as if thc air no longer commended itself, nor " smelt wooingly," as it was accustomed where Banquo noted its charac- teristics to Duncan as they entered Macbeth's cattle. There was not a single sign of health or mirth, or even peace, for the very silence was threatening. If a whisper stirred, it might have been the passing of some immortal soul to its long account. And when Clegg observed a figure coming towards him from thu direction of the Rectory, he waB conscious of a strange sense of amassment, lt was a hooded figure, and it came down the road as if it glided over I he grass, and brushed the wayside flowers with its trailing garments. Coining to where Clegg bad paused, it pushed back its hood, and lo, it was Mary Talbot ! She crossed his path where the village street branches off to the glen whence he had carried her home on that fatal night by My Lady's Bower. " I am glad to Bee you again, Master Clegg," she said, putting out ber band, "if one may say one is glad at anything in these untoward days." He took her hand with a trembling grasp, and held in for a little while, as he answered with suppressed emotion. "Thankyou, madame." He would have said Madame Zilctto, but the name of the dead man Btuck in his throat ; and despite the deadly atmosphere of thc village and all its woeB, his heart beat fast with the emotion of bygone days when his love for the woman was beyond wordB. " You have often been in my thoughts, and it nigh broke my heart when they condemned you ; God and I knew that you were innocent." " Thank you, Miss Talbot," he said, for the old days came back to bim, before the Bkadow of Ziletto fell upon Eyam. "I hope your father is well." It was a very commonplace remark, but he thought of nothing else to say, " Yes ; he does not complain. He would like to see you at the Manor Honse ; will you not come, dear friend !" " Nay ; I fear it would be wrong to qpter a noninfected house." " We believe in the Divine Mercy, and that, for some wise purpose, God has made a sign upon the lintel of our doorway: peradventure, that wo «re chosen to be useful to the stricken, we seem to have been miraculously spared." " I will come," said Reuben ; " it will be a comfort to meet folk who do not think me a murderer." " It will help my father, and give us all fresh courage, to see you once more beneath our roof," ene answered. He made no repy, but only looked at her wonderingly and tried to keep back his tears, the first ho had shed BO long as be could remember. And she passed on ber way, leav- ing him standing in the road. They met again ou the next day, at the Rectory, in consultation with Mr. and Mrs. Mompesson, Mr. Stanley, and Sir George Talbot; Mary Talbot, not thc least self {>osscssed of any of them, accepting the lumblcst and most trying work that could bc allotted to her, Sir George permitting her to run any and every risk that she courted. Inspired by the example and precepts of Mompesson, Sir George had no fear. He opposed the Plague with the sword of duty. He felt that he waa the chief of the village, and that no harm could come to thc captain any more than MompcBson or Stanly could bc Bmitten while they were engaged in the absolutely necessary work of their profession. He surprised Clegg with his faith, and Mary Talbot awed him with her strange angelic beauty. Tile " cordon sanitaire" had been religiously maintained. At thc place where in ancient days there had been an outer gate of the village, men and women took thoir turn to stand sentry over thc valley ; and food was brought tocertain points of thcimaginary wall, that bad for landmarks certain crags and rocka and water-ways. It waB now resolved lo close thc Church and hold the Bervicca in the open air. Reuben Clegg commended thia prcoaution ; however much they prayed, whatever their faith, it was well to avoid bringing the people together in a confined atmosphere. Both Mr. Mompesson and Mr. Stanley noted without comment the overt cynicism of Clegg'a remark ; -but Mary Talbot looked at hint with beseeching eyes, and when he went home that day be talked a long while with his mother about her faith. She told him the story of Peter's imprisonment and rclcaso, and how, when he appeared at thc house of Mary, the mother of John, they thought it was his angel ; and how Longataffe had told her that when he. Reuben, entered Radford's house, each man thought it was hia ghost ; and how she was not surprired, and knew him for him- self when he walked through the meadow and up the little garden-path and took her into his arms. It was wonderful how quietly Reuben sat and listened to her. He could not deny that his escape had been little lesa than miraculous, considering that he had literally passed through the prison yard in presence of the sentries, who thought he was one of the officials or visitors. And was it not tho hand of God, she asked, that, «till holding bim from arrest, bad made bim His agent among the stricken of the village ? And did ho not owe it to God to humble himself before His throne with a grateful heart ! That night Ciego knelt beside his mother in prayer, and said Amun to her simple peti- tion ; but deep down iu his heart thc motive of this complaisance was his love for Mary Talbot, und a desire lo come nearer unto her in thought ; for it seemed to him that she suffered for his hardness towards the Faith. Her look of appeal haunted him. It surely expressed more than a cotnmou interest in him She had looked into his eyes with a meaning that WAS not a rebuke but an appeal, aud an appeal that was. sympathetic, almost tender. He could sec her fuco in his inipd as he walked homewards, aud he found him- self speaking aloud us he waudcrcd out of his right path and climbed thc higher edgo of thc table-land above his cottage. " Oh, (¡od," he said, " if it might be !" und for tho first time for years bis heart was in (he cry. It was no mere exclamation ; it waa a prayer ; bul thc next moment he shuddered ut it, as if he hud outraged the poor suffering souls in thc village at his feet ; as if his thoughts of love, thc faintest dream of happiness, were an infamy, while on every bund his fellow-villagers were passing into thc Valley of thc Shadow of Death. Nevertheless, such is the overwhelming strength of humun love that he could not resist a tenor of hope, that gave him in the future the companionship of the only woman who had ever stirred his heart,. und who, whatever she might do, would have an ever- lasting abiding-place there. Again, he re- peated his supplication, "Oh, God, if it might bc !" As bis voice pierced the still air, a star came out over Froggatl'a Edge, and' away as far as the eye could trace an outline of hills another ]amp of God, unother und auothcr, appeared. Then it came iuto his miud to ask UiniBelf what bc could do to be worthy of auch an answer to his cry as his saintly mother would ask for him, knowing his nature und his only ambition in life. And now a dark- ness fell upon his soul, and the stars, as he thought, disappeared. He was conscious that, if there was a (¿od, he was trying lo make a bargain with Him ; Ibis did not appear in his spoken words, but iu Iiis thoughts. If he could be assured of the realisation of his desire, he would believe anything, be any- thing, accept any creed. It was as if Satan tempted bim to a profanity that was devilish. He suddenly knew that his mother, at that moment, was praying for him ; and her sudden influence seemed to inspire his ex- clamations; "Get thee behind me, Satan !" and " Lord, forgive mc, and count it to my ignorance that I am what 1 am 1" Presently the stars came out again, and he descended tbe hill and made his way to the cottage where the lamp of love shone out agaiust the whispering elms ; and as it came 'in sight, he mingled with his desire to do something that might win Mary Talbot's approvul a longing to be reconciled with Moinpcsson and Stunley, aud to come within thc pale of his mother's faith, and bc as worthy of his narrow escape from an infamous death SB he wus iuuoceul of the crime foi which he had been condemned. And as the days passed he gradually found a strange new comfort in hts mother'sexampl" of fortitude, and in her perfect immunity from sickness. She vowed she had ncvei been so strong in her life. He no longei woudcred at her faith ; he found it beautiful, Whether it was, as Mrs. Clegg believed, that der sou's conscious heart had been merci fully touched by the Holy Ghost, or wheibci it was the gcutlo iuflueuce of Mary Talbol and bis yearning to be acceptable iu her sight, it is hurd to say ; but from day to day h< became more and more tolerate of prayer anc supplication. He no longer debated with tb« two clergymen, und he had Secretly toum solace in prayer. He did not ask anything of God, but he volunteered vows of manliness of humility, pledges of penitence for faults o word or deed, and tendered, with humility his gratitude that be had been permitted ti live through his trouble and to come bael home wbeD be could bc of use to bis neigh boura and by way of an answer to his mother', prayers. Then, for the first time, be began u lear that be might be taken ; and he spoke o his peril to Sir George. Strange BB it ma] seem, the chief authorities knew nothing o Clegg's return to Hyam. The mountab vii.age was entirely cut off from the world It was a community apart. Lepets, on eomi remote leland of thc sea, could not have beer more alone. Death hud not yet become eo familiar though it was present in almost every house that the passing away of the Rector's wife, ii her twenty-seventh year, did not send a thril nf anguish through many a breast. As hil servants led the widowed husband away fron the couch of death, he turned and sobbed, " Farewell ! farewell I ali happy days !" Ano William and Mary Howitt say there ii nothing more pathetic iu literature than th« Rector's letters to hiB children, George anti Elizabeth, annouueiog to them the doleful news of their dear mother's death, which ari to be fouud in Mr. William Wood's brief bul most impressive " History of Byam and tlu Great Plague." With the death of Mrs. Motnpesson al hope went out of the heart of the mountaic village. Despair made itself beard. Hi tiler tc the people bad suffered in rulenco, now they cried to (Jod for mercy. Their voices we« heard in the streets. The sufferers no louzei I endured their pain with courage, their mnani were mauifest in every house upon which Death had put his silent seal. Tile messengers, who went out to thc signal points for food, returned with sullen dejected faces. The persons of thc outer world, who e duly it was to depobil the village rations, hurried away from tho spot, scared and fearful. Everybody now looked for death. It was the month of August, 1066. The days of the annual Wake had returned. People remembered now how gay a tinto it bsd been the year previously ; and there were those who saw iu the Plague a punishment for that East gaiety. But Mompesson and Stanley otb presented the terror from au entirely difforeut vi?w, duding in it still reason for patience, opening heaven lo the dead, and bidding the living to be of good courage. On Sunday the service was now held in e shaded glen, where Nature had provided a pulpit as if hewn from the rock, and which ta this day ts called Cucklet Church. Thither crept the attenuated flock, each man, woman and child standing and praying apart from the other ; a gaunt, weird company, with Reuben Clegg and his motlier among thc rest, Mary Talbot and her father conspicuous for the fearless way in which they went among the people, and Motnpesson preaching as one not only having uuthority, but tho gift of divine eloquence. But the Plague marched on with relentless tread; at\d ail day long the leaves of*the utumn fell upon fresh-mude graves. 