? A GHOST IN WINDSOR CASTtE. A rery lem.rkable (tor/ U published In :hs Lindon JJody flM ,to the eflect that. .1 leutenant A, bu Xeger dlyn, 8d Fattallon OemdiorOnardi, has seen Quen Elil.bothi gh it In the library at Windsor Oastlr. Ih: following statement was mids bj the Ucutenant's mother, the Bon. His Tarr Ql:n, to the Halt brrctilgator : — « It Is I eif -ctlt true that or ion bai witnessed something abnormal. He was, he tells me, titling -in the library, ol Windsor Osatlc nadlsg a bo.k— ' The Hlitcrj of Dors.t iblrV to be cues;' As ne rca I, be became aware ot some one puling In tbe inner library. H« looked up and saw a female ngure lublack, with bUok Ian on the head, tailing on to Ihe ebonldcis. Tbe ngure pasted across (he librarj towards a com-r which was out ol Tiew M my son aat, and be dtdnotUke muoh notioe, thinking it was somebolj read eg in the Innrr room. TLU wasjastnponiinro'clocklntbc afternoon, and an attendaud aoon afterwards cime up to cbie the place. Hjr sou asked who the lady was who was at «ork In the Inner room, and the attendant replied that no one elio was In the library. Hr nn anured the attendant that a lady bad jut before walked scrni the Inner room. ? Then where could -he b,r aiked the attendant, bsTlng ascertained that nobody was In the loner roam. ' She most hate gone out of a door In the corner, ? said my aao, lodicuiog a oorner to which tbe figure bal rassed. ' Bnt there Is no door,' said lbs attendant. My eon ei'.d mining about this Incident, and did not think much about It, 1 understand, until Mr Bohna, the librarian, asked blm about it, the alien 'ant haTlog msntioeed the muter to Mr Itamsa. Ailed by Hr Holm^ s to describe the figure he bad seen, my son did eo, and Mr Holmes tilled that my son hid seen ihe apparition of Queen Klkiteih. Br Holmes aided that there wen ncurds tnit this apparition fcaunua these rooms, but Lieutenant Olyn wss the flrat man la our time who had teen it The S^an of Wlndsar also asked my San about It, and Federal membirs of the Boyal Family hive Interviewed him on the anbject. As for Air Holmes, I am given to nndcrstai d thst ho has spent nights and daj a In the Unary alr.ee, In the hop.s ol being ronch aifed a visitation.' The Hon. Sydney Oarr Olyn, thefimins Orimean veteran, and fatbtt ot Lieutenant vijo, uore enscrea me room, and npon learning ol the topic nnier dlscnailon, aald — ' IE my sou says h ; has s en anything, you may take It from n. Ihit he hassson it. He il a fresh, honest,' Boglilh boy, only a aibaltern, bnt find of field (ports, like most gaardim';n, and, nnlik'e some guirdsmen, find of reading. Be wouldn't ixuierate anylblrg a hair's breadth.' Both tbe Hon and -n Oarr Olyn gave permission for the publication of this state ment by thtir son, subject to ihe aanctlon of Lieutenant Ql.in. On JsundAy n'ght a tele grtm was dtspatched to Lieutenant Olyn, soliciting leave lo give the story on hie authority, and yesterday morning oame tbe answer : ' Otrtalnly if you like.— Qlyn, Grenadiers, Islay.' The representative ot Ihe Bally Mail next siw Mr B. B Molmrt, F.B.A., Ihe ibrsnan of ths castle, aud writes: Mr Holmes conducted me to the * cene of tbe aUiged appailUon. Be pointed out the chuir occupied by Mr Olyn, which stands on the east side of tbe flrat room, and I seated myielf in It, Immediately before me waa ? Urge globe, looking past which a few steps lead up into a gallery, the sides of which are lined «lth books. On the south side of Ihe gallery— which was built by Queen Eliti -eih, and used by her as a picture gallery in which she was accustomed to walk, and where she devised, or reflected upon, thos* miBterplcccs of statecraft which have made her reputation what It is-sands a fine Obimn.y piece, over which a bust of Ihe 'Virgn Queen' looks down somewhat severely npon the spot where her shade has b.-en eo recently seen. Mr Holmes says that this gallery has had the rcpn aiion of being bann ed by ibe ghost of Queen.. Jttlubetb ltclion of the story dates from tweuiy-aevcn years ago. and he has been lu the habit of spending Hallowe'en In the gallery for Sive.al years In the hope of encountering her deceased Majesty. Uc had heard some rumor to the effect that the Empress Frederick had, when a child, seen an ap parition in the gallery, and on her next Tidt o W indeor hopes to ceoure some corrobora 