THIRD BOOK. The- Devil's. Acre. ■Chapter! V. Glory sang that night'with extraordinary vivacity and charm and; was called' again and again. Going • home in ' tlie cab she tried to live /through . the day .afresh, ' every step, every act, ' every word,' down that trium phant "I will." Her thoughts swayed as with the swaying of the hansom, but sometimes the thunderous applause of the audience broke in and then she had to remember where she had left off. She / could feel that beating agaihst/her breast still and even ' smell the violets that grow by the pool. . He-had told her to give, up .'everything, and when'at length this occurred to lier as a separate idea there/ was an ex quisite thrill in the thought that perhaps some day she would annihUate- 'herself and-all her iambitions, and 1 : ,r- "who knows what then?" ; i:/ V-v; : 'J-u A'-"/ ■/ This mood lasted until Monday .morning, when she was sitting in her room dressing very slowly and smiling at herself in the glass, when the cockney maid1 came in with a newspaper 'which her master had send up on account of a long report of the wedding. There were two long columns/of the event of Saturday and she read it in snatches between 1 moments when other remembrances of the day stole in.' " The Gliurch of All Saints was crowded by a. fashionable congregation, among whom were many notable persons in the - world of politics and society, includmgthe father of .the bridegroom, the Duke!'of -—, and his elder brother, the Marquis of —An arch of palms crossed the nave at the entrance to the chancel,-and festoons of rare flowers wore sus pended from the rails of the handsome screen. The altar and the table of. the Commandments were almost obscured by the wreaths of: exotics that hung over them, and the columns of the colonnadeand frontand the offertory boxes were similarly buried in rich and lovely blossom "Thanks to an informal rehearsal some days before the ceremony went off without ;a hitch. The officiating clergy were the Venerable Archdeacon Wealthy, D.D., assisted by the Rev. Josiah Golightiy and other mem bers of the numerous staff of All Saints. Tne service, which was full choral,; was under the able direction of the well-known organist and choirmaster, Mr. Carl Koenig, 1<\ R. S. O., and the choir consisted' of:20 adult and .40 boy voices. On the arrival' of the bride a pro cession was formed Jit the/west entrance and proceeded up to the . chancel singing ' The Voice that breathed o'er Eden.' . ." " / "Poor Polly 1" thought Glory. ./. -v-x /"'///./' ... _"The bride . wore; a duchess satin gown, trimmed with chiffon and Brussels lace and having a long train' hung from the shoulders. Her tulle veil was fastened with a ruby brooch of 20 carats and with sprays of real orange blossom sent specially from the. /Riviera, and the necklace consisted of a rope of graduated pearls fully a yard long and understood to have belonged to Catherine of Russia/1 She carried a bouquet of flowers (fche_ gift of the oride- j groom) brought from Plorida, the American home of her family. The bride's mother wore . . . " The bridesmaids were dressed. /.v, '• /: " Mr. Horatio Drake acted as best man." ' Glory drew her breath as with a spasm and I threw down the newspaper. How blind she had been, how vain, how foolish! She had told John Storm' that Drake was only a good friend to her, meaning him to understand that thus far she allowed him to go and no further. But there was a whole realm of his life into which he did not ask . her' to enter. The "notable persons in politics and society," "the bridesmaids,"; these made up his real sphere, his serious scene. / Other women were his friends, companions, equals, intimates, and when he stood in .the eye of the world it was they who stood "beside him. / And she ? She was his hobby... ; ;He came to_ her in his off hours. She filled'up the undersideof his life. With a crushing sense of humiliation she was folding up the newspaper to send it down stairs when her ; eye was arrested by a para graph in small/ typo in the corner, headed "Shocking Occurrence at a Pashionable Marriage." " Oh, Lord Jesus !" A glance glance had shown her what it was. Z It was a report of Polly's suicideAt a fashionable marriage at a West-End church oh , Saturday (no names) a young woman who had .heen sitting- in -the nave was seen to rise and attempt to step into the aisle as if with the : intention of crushing her /way out, when she/ fell back in convulsions and' on being removed j was found to be dead. Happily the attention I of the congregation was at the moment I directed to the bride and bridegroom, who were.returning from'the vestry with the bridal! party behind them, and thus the painful 'in-i cident made no' sensation among the crowded congregation; The body was removed to the I/mortuary, and from subsequent enquiries it / transpired that death had been due - to poison Belf-administered and that the deceased, who had been a-woman of considerable personal beauty,, was Elizabeth Anne Love, 24, of no occupation, but formerly a nurse—a ciroum : stance which had enabled her to procure half a grain of .liquor, strychninae, on her own sig nature," at a chehiist's where she had been known, . i " O God ! O God !" Glory understood; everything now. "I've a great mind to go to1 AH Saints and shame them. . . .- Oh, it! isn't the police I'm afraid of. iPolly's purpose! was clear; she had intended to fall dead at the feet of the bride and bridegroom, and make-! them walk over her body. Poor, foolish, in- .' effectual Polly. Her very ghost ;musb be 1 ashamed of the failure of her revenge. Not a ripple of sensation on Saturday,r and this morning only a. few obscure lines, in little letters." _ Oh, it was hideous ! 'xhe poor thing's ven geance was theatrical and paltry; but what ] of the man} wherever he was ? ;What did he i think of himself now with his millions and i his murder—yes, his murder, for- what.else was it? : - An hour later Glory was ringing the bell of ;a little house in St. John's Wood, whereof the upper blinds were drawn. The grating of the garden door slid back and an untid jr head j looked out. . " Well, ma'am?' "Don't you remember me, .Liza 2" "Lawd, yes,miss," and the doorwas opened, "but I was afeared you were one o' " them re porting peoplo, and my orders is not to answer no questions." ■ : . "Has he beta here, then, Bless ye, no, miss 5 he's on his way to the Continents. . But - his friend • has, and . he's settled everything handsome—I will say; that for the gentleman." ■■ Glory ,felt her gall rising as she passed into the house—there was something degrading, almost dbreputable,. even in the loyalty of Drake'3 friendship. "Pancy, Liza not knowing you, miss, and me at the 'all a Tuesday night! I'ope you'll excuse the liberty, but j. did laugh, and T won't say but I shed a few tears too.' Arranged ? Yes, the jury and the coroner and everything. It's to be at 12 o'clock, so you may think I've 'ad my 'ands full. , But you'll want to look at'er, pore thing. .Go up, miss, and mind yer 'ead—there's'nobody;but'er friends with .' The friends proved to be Betty. Belmont and her dressing-room companions. When Glory entered they showed no surprise. "The pore child told us all about you," said Betty, and the little one said, "It's your nyme that's caught on, dear. . The minute I heard it I said what a top line for a bill." - Ih was the same little band-box of a bed room, only now' it. was darkened. Polly's troubles wero over.■: There was a slightly con vulsed look'aboub the mouth, but "the features were otherwise calm and childlike, for all the dead are innocent. It was impossible to for get they had been friends. ' Glory's tears fell on the upturned face and Polly carried them with her. The three women, with demure faces, were sipping Benedictine and talking among them-, selves, and Polly's pug dog was coiled up on tho bare bolster and snoring audibly. "Pore thing, I don't know. how she could a' done it. . But there-r-that's the worst of this life. It's all in the present and leads to nothing, and ain't got no future." "What could the pore thing do? Shewasn'tso wonder ful pretty and then men like ——" "She was str'ight with him, say what yer like. Only she ought to been more patienter and she needn't a' been so hard; on the lady neither." "She - had everything the heart could wish. Look at her rooms. I wonder who'll: . - Carriages: were heard outside and two or three men came in to do the last offices. Glory had turned her face away, bub. behind ber the women were still talking. "What a lovely ring. ... '. I wish I'had a keepsake to're member her by." " Well, and why not? She won't want. .'. ." ':':i Glory felt as if she was choking, .but Polly's pug doc had been awakened by the commotion and was beginning to. howl,-, so she ■ took' up the little mourner and carried it out. An organ-man somewhere was playing ! "Sweet Marie." - • The funeral was at Kensal Green and the four girls were the only followers. . The death being due to suicide the body was not taken into the chapel,-but a clergyman moL itat .the gate and led the way to the grave. - Walking with her head down and thp dog ■ under her arm Glory had not seen him at first, but when he began with the tremendous words, " I. am the resurrection and the -life," she caught her breath and looked up. It was John Storm. ;. While they wore in the carriage the clouds had been gathering and now some spots .of rain were falling. . When the bearers had laid down, their burden the spots were large : and frequent and; all save , one of the men turned and went back to the shelter of the porch; The three women looked at each otner . and one of them muttered something about " the dead and the living," and then tho-little lady stolo away. After a moment the tall one followed her and from shame of being ashamed, the third one went off also; :. By this time the rain was falling,in - a sharp shower and John Storm, who was bareheaded, had opened his book and - begun to read— "I>'orasmueh as it hath pleased Almighty God of His great mercy- to. take unto -Himself the soul of our dear sister-here departed . . Tnen he saw that Glory was alone by the graveside, and his voice faltered and almost failed him. It faltered'again, and he halted when he came to the " sure and certain hope," but after a'moment it quivered and filled out' out and seemed to say. " which of us can sound the depths of God's designs?" ; After the "maimed rights" were over John Storm went back to the church to remove his surplice, and when he returned to th'e grave Glory was gone. She sang as usual at the music-hall that night,- but with a heavy heart. The difference communicated itself to the audience, and "the unanimous applause which had greeted. Her before frayed off at length into separate hand claps. . Crossing the stage to her dressing rouni she: met Koenig, who came to conduct for her, and he said— . ' ' - \ \- "Not quite yourself to-night,', mein dear, oil , - | 1 Going home in the hansonl tolly's dog coddied up with the old sympathy to the new mistress and seemed to be making the best of things. ' The household was asleep and Glory let herself- in with a. latch-key.. Her cold supper was laid ready, and a letter was lying under the turued-dowu lamp. It was from her grandfather and had been;written after church on Sunday night— "It is now so long—more than;a. year— since I saw my runaway and truant that, i notwithstanding the protests of Aunt Anuai and : the forebodings of Aunt: .Rachel," 1 have I determined to give my old legs.a journey, and my old eyes a treat. Therefore take warning i that 1 intend to come up to. London forthwith t.'nn.t T miv Kpu filin irrent m'r.v for the first; time that I may see the great city for the first time in my ■ life, • and—which is better—my little granddaughter among all her new. friends and in the midst of her great prosperity." At the foot of this there, was a postcript from Aunt llaohel, hastily scrawled m pencil —"Take no notice of this. He is far too weak to travel and, indeed, lie is really failing, but your letter, which reached us last night, has so troubled him ever since that he can't take rest for thinking of it, and ..." It was the last straw. Before finishing the letter or taking.off her hat Glory took una telegraph form and wrote—"Postpone journey; am returning homo : to- morrow." . Then she heard Koenig lotting himself , into the house, and going downstairs she said— "Will you take this message to the telegraph office for me, please'f" :: " Vy, of course I 'viU, and den ve'll have supper togedder. Look," and he laughed and opened a paper and drew out • a string of sausages. "Mr. Koenig," she said, "you were, right. I was not myself to-night. I want a re3t and I propose to take one." ■ As Glory returned upstairs she heard stam merings, sputterings, and swearings behind her about managers, engagements, announce ments, geniuses, children, and other matters. • Back in her rooms she lay down on the floor with her face in her hands and sobbed. Then Koenig appeared panting and saying, "Dare, I knew vliat vould happen. Here is a pretty ting? And dat's yhy Mr. Drake told me to deny you to demon!' 'De brute, de beast, de dirty son of a monk 1" _ . But Glory had leapt up with eyes of fire and was .crying, " How dare you, sir ? Out of my room this instant!" -"Mein Gott 1 It's a divil!" Koenig was muttering like a servant as he went downstairs. He went out to the telegra'ph-otfice and oame back, 'and then Glory, heard him frying his sausages on the dining-room fire. The night was far gone when she pushed aside her untouched supper, and wiping her eyes that she might see properly sat down to write a letter:— "Dear John. Storm—monk, monster, or whatever it is 1 "I trust it'will he counted to me for right eousness that I am doing your bidding and giving up my profession for the present. Between a woman's yes and no ■ \- ' There isn't room for a pin to go, , which is very foolish for her in this, instance, considering that she is earning various pounds at night, and lias nothing but Providence to fall back upon. .1 have told my gaoler I must have my liberty, and, being a man of like pas sions with yourself, he has been busy blasphem ing in the parlor downstairs. I trust virtue will be its own reward, for i daresay it is all I shall ever get. ■ If I were Narcissus I should fall in love with myself to- day,. having shown an obedience to tyranny which is beautiful and worthy of the heroic age. But to-morrow morning I go back to the ' Oilan,' and it will be so nice up there without anybody, and all alone.".'.,- v i;. • „ \- She was laughing softly to herself as she wrote, and catching her breath with: a little sob at intervals. . "A letter now and then is profitable to the soul of man—and . woman—but you must not expect to hear fromi me, and as for you, though: you have resurrected yourself I sup pose a tyrant of your, opinions will continue the Benedictine rule which compels you to hold your peace—and other things. I am engaged to breakfast with a nice , girl named Glory Quayle to-morrow_mbrning—that is to | say, this morningT-at Euston station at a I quarter to.,7, .hut.. happilyjihis .Letter, •,.• wouit j reach you until 7.30,'"so -I'll 'just escape'ihter .ruption." | . The house was still and the streets were quiet, not even a cab going along. "Good bye ! I've realised—a dog ! It's a pug, and therefore, like somebody else, italways. looks black at me, though I suspect its father married beneath him, for it talks a good deal and evidently hasn't been brought up in a: brotherhood. Therefore being a 'female* I in-1 tend to call it Aunt Anna, except when the original is about. . Aunt Anna' has been hop ping up and down the roorn at my heels for the last hour, evidently thinking.; that a rational woman would behave better if she went to bed. Perhaps I "shall take a leaf out of your book and" ' comb her hair' when I got her all alone -in the! train to- morrow, that she ruay be pre pared for the new sphere • to which it has pleased Providence to call her. ' "Good-bye again! I see the lamps of Euston running after: each other—only its the other way this time. I find there is something that seizes you with a fiercer palpitation than com ing into a great and wonderful city, and that is going out of ono. Dear old London 1 After all it has been very good to me. No one, it seems to me, loves it as much a31 do. Only somebody thinks . . , well, never mind! Good-bye 'for all.' "Globz." At 7 next morning on the platform at Euston Glory was standing with melancholy eyes _ at the door of a first-class compartment watching the people sauntering up and down, talking in groups and hurrying to and fro, when Drake stepped up to her. - She did not ask what had brought himj she kne w. ' He looked fresh and handsome .and was fanltlessly dressed. ,, "■"You are doing quite right, my dear," ho said in a cheerful voice. "Koenig ^telegraphed, and I came to see you off. Don't bother about the theatre, leave" everything, to me. Take a rest after your great excitement and come back bright and well." ; . : * .The locomotive whistled and began to pant, the smoke rose, to the roof. ths train started, and before Glory knew she was going she was gone.. . . Then Drake walked to his club and wrote this postscript to a letter to Lord Robert Ure at the Grand Hotel, Paris—"The parson has drawn, first blood and Gloria has gone home." 