Political [BY THE LOBBYIST.] N.S.W. pays £8 18/- per cent on her public debt, Victoria £S 16/- per cent. The Taxation Commissioners1 returns show that there are 122,500 owners of land in New South Wales. Candidates galore are spoken of as com ing out for every N.S.W. electorate. It will bf much more easy for them to come out t!»*n to go in. Jawbone Neild outdone. In the Aus fr an Parliament last week, Herr Lecher s o»-e relevantly to the subject under dis ci- wion for 12 honrs. O'Sullivat), M.P., used to boast that Gladstone could not defeat him at Quean beyan. Which shows the power of the rcads-and-bridges M.P. Mr. Frank Farnell, M.P., is preparing for an acrobatic flip-flap against the Reid Government. That Fisheries Bill is re sponsible for the trouble. Th? Colonial Treasurer has received thr< f £10 notes, enclosed in an anonymous letter, as conscience money. There are some people left who have consciences. The Parkes Government in 1878 took the postage fee off newspapers. It ought to be put on again-in such an equitable form that the bulky papers will pay for their bulk. Mr. John McElhone, M.P., has definitely made up his mind to drop out of politics when the present Parliament dies. He has for years been a prominent political figure. " Evening News" states that the Protec tionist patty invited Mr. McGowen to throw ?up both bis party and contest Bodfern on their ticket at next election. He declined the offer. President of the Melbourne Trades Hall: " Th«y were pleased to see Mr. Hancock, M.P. re-elected. He was known to be a dangerous man when he was loose." Mr. Hancock: "Or when he's tight." The new Victorian Speaker, Mr. Mason, commenced political life by standing for Parliament in 1871, for Gippsland, when he was elected. He has been elected 10 times-on two occasions unopposed. Trenwltb, M.L.A., Victorian Labour Member, is coquetting for a seat in the Ministry, and there are signs that he will throw over his old party, or VICE VEBSA, with the view of bringing this about. Last week " no confidence" motions were discussed and defeated in the West Aus tralian, South Australian, Tasmanian, and N.Z. Legislatures. And then Mr. Lyne, afflicted, by the disease, moved one against Reid, and fell flat. " Cumberland Times" Ferguson thinks that " any supporter of the most nefarious ly inept and brazenly unscrupulous Govern ment that ever in N.S.W. held the reins of power, will not have a ghost of a chance of election in Parramatta." Opposition-Leader Lyne says the morning j papers send persons out with instructions to interrupt his meetings, " so that the Speeches shall be broken by interjections, and a false impression be conveyed to the public" as to their character. " Catholic Times" says :-" Protection ism of this colony have just received another bit of cold iron to chew. Victoria is pro tected. . . yet an army of its working mvti, accustomed to a high rate of wages, b^ve come as black-legs to work in the L'tcknow nines." A MODEST legislator :-" X have filled the p> ><nfcion of watch-dog over the interests of tbn people, and it is agreed now that I am it oho fiout rank of political life, and if not tl> » best-, at least one of the best, debaters i»j the Legislative Assembly."-Mr. W. Treuwith on himself in the Victorian H"use. A story is told to the effect that one day 8\. partially discredited legal politician id it A. G. Taylor, and asked his opinion ' to the probable constitution of a then b jing-fcrmed Ministry. " Look here, old man," said Taylor,-"I'm A. G. You'd give your adjective head to be A.G." (Attorney-General). Is Sir George Dibbs, as an employee of the State, to be permitted to go out to public gatherings and talk party politics, and attaek the present Government with impunity. Who is this six feet two of dam-Chicago impudence that he should be treated with more consideration than the humblest Civil Servant ? '< Mr. Reid is a man who has shown him self capable of stating the great political truths that underlie the doctrine of freetrade with a force of insight wort!iy of Richard Cobden. But he is more than the exponent of sound views on economic subjects. He has that power of speaking out straight and clear which is the mark of all real govern Jjondon " Spectator/' \ 