A GoldenGraveyard^ JBy A. G. Hales in Wi.JL Courier*] Michael William Kelly had thrown a seven. No one knew eiactly what it was lhat killed him. Some of the boya on Kurnalpi, where he had worked long and well as an alluvial digger, said he had emptied too many kegs of whiskey j but othere were just as posit ive thai ifMicbaBlWjlliatn had emptied a few more he .would atill have been oh hahd to huhf 'the festiye pennyweight fn the dosthesps of the weat. Bat. whether ft? was whiskey or the want of whiakey that killed him mattered . little to> :the gentleman himself. Thef«st-:re matoed that he was as dead as/lwilrng store dummy, and nothing iremained for his mates to do but to plant-.him decently. To this end a countryman named Murphy, who had, as bis name implies, a good dash pf fine old SpanishHtlood in his veins, called at Cable's ftoye and asked the urbane Mr. Per, who was presiding over a few-tins of preserved camel and a novel, for a 'phew cahees ter make er coffin ter phlant me maite wid,' Rex merely nodded in his good-humoured way and pointed to a heap of empty meat casea. Mr. Murphy thereupon selected three or four of the largest boxes and then sidled up to Rex. ' When Oi're:mahade this divil of a. coffin, Rex, Oi'm going ter lioo it wid aomething nate and tasty.' Again Rex nodded/ lie was a man who never wasted words, on principle. * May the divil fly away wid me it Oi don't make poor Miok comfortable, Mr. Rex.' Hev yer got anyflxin'e ter 'coffins—calioo an'dace an' red rlbbine, and a bit er blue cloth ter a fly flap, an' a ailvar shield ferhieiiafsenn the outside f' Rex shook his head- solemnly, paused a moment with knitted browe, and then said, ' Look here, Murphy, Til do my best for.you ; this la just the thing to satisfy 'a decent corpse. Here's three flannel shirta, beet quality; you oan line the coffin with them. And here's a flrat-olass, bran new tin dinner plate ; you can nail that on the Outside and engrave hie name and pedigree on It lt'anot the eort of thing a Kelly might <care for, bat it's my beet.' Murphy took the cases, the shirts and the tin plate, and plaoing - ihem in a dray, along with a bottle of whisky, drove off, and eat -up all night-fay the body .of the dead man manufacturing a coffin. The- next day poor Kelly wee duly .installed lis perpetual tenant in Murphy's bok, lined with the red ehlrts, and then ho was hailed down/ and .'the tin plate, upon whioh. a painter had printed his name and ago, wae nailed on the top, and Kelly was ready for planting. The box was about 7ft. long and 2 ft. wide. Some of the printed matter on the ooffin looked grimly humourous when the contents were taken into consideration. One plank fixed about the centre read as follows : — MICE FHK8H MEAT, WILL KEEP AMY LENGTH OF TIME, BOIL BKFOEE EATING. Murphy studied this gravely forborne time in silence, and then tnoVed away, evidently -fully eaUsBed that it would pass mnster ae a sort of' tribute to the excellent qualities of ^ his departed comrade. Another plank reeling above Kelly's sheet, i just where the sleeves of the red shirt formed a eroea.hore the follow log touching ineoriptlon, whibh also pleased Murphy mightily :— hist' CANNED BEEP,' WILD \- WEEP TN THE WASHES! CLIMATE'; this side <rv wire cabs, not TO, BE OPENED TILL WANTEb, ' Jhe whisky bottle was-p&esed; around pretty freely before . . the > funeral procession made a move, and the sun was'wsU np when Kelly was at laetliftod up into .'the old sort with whiph he had dragged many a ton of allnvlaWlrt in the old days. It wae atternbDn when the party of 69d!ggere who formed the procession reached the aemeteryt- When they did arrive they touted'? the -grave digger, dead-^drunk, lying like a warTior, withan empty bottle end a shovel heSlde him; end the grave not mote thhnhalf.dng. Sotbeyjptcked him up gently by the headend heels end thre wfalmintoja heap -of bushes close by, . where he lay murmuring in whleky a^dsh tbnee—-^Best ,(hio) canned beef {hIc),tbU ehld » np (hlo with cere* Then they e'artedin to dig the grave fbrKellrv,Wnrphy «>■ throning ni.ithedirt, when bi- prac tised eye fell-Up <b a jellop, » edge of metal ten A unces i n * eight; he eeired i , »«.d uave a uhDJp 1h»t almost stirtbd Kelly Id hiisbirt-liiied retting pltee. : *.../ *'^tail^;the' ^nmtter.Jd urjpfcy/ chorused a dozeb voices. . '• Bhilai's the matter, boys ? that's; the matter,' shouted the CastilliSn gebtlemeoi as • he 1 brandished the nugget. ,'Be dad, Kelly always said he'd bring , me lock before.'e was planted,,and so. lie has. Look boys! here's another, and another' rooting out a SSozand a 20oz nugget, as ho spoke. fntBn seconds only, iwo.inen in the crowdwere not. pegging out claims io the cemetery/and those two were.,the grave-digger and Kelly. Be fore' rundown a' hundred >fossickers' ' were at work turning oyer the ground, m search, of, rich. alluvial deposits, whilst Kelly was left to bask serenely in thB'hot snnshine. Gold was there in heaps l -Men hewed fortunes not of that home of tho dead with a few. strokes of the pick ; now and . agaib ■ the steel fools ranghpilowlyupon the; shell where a digger lay sleeping, hut the; .'hole'was not abandoned iipon; that account j jip came the corpse in a moment, and the dofonct was given an airing. Some of the coffins were fall of old dry bones, and as the rotten tenements were pulled from, their resting places they fell to pieces j and shults, and thigh-bones,. and shank-bones,and finger-joints weresent up on a shovel and scattered' round freely. Now and again a coupleof dogs could be seen quarrelling over a tit bit, which the denizens of the earth had not time to finish, and a fox terrier named Griffa- waa seen to bolt into the scrub with the shin-bone of a mac who had been picked up dead on the Dundee track a month before, yet the gold banters paused not in their thirsty,search for the precious metal. Mop who tit other times werekind heartcd enough to man and beast now became- case-hardened, atid Jinghed and jeited ist 'they came in contact with the ghastly remnants of some old mate, and so the search went on; follows, who a week before had not enough money to buy a biscuit, counted their sovereigns by the thousand, and in the. midst of skulls and.. bleached breast-bones, talked of homeB and wives and little curly-headed children away in the far off east, and planned surprise par ties for loved ones at Christmas time. But there was'another party on the look-out for surprises. . Mr. Kelly, who still lay in his shirt-lined box with his fellow corpses above ground, now began to assert himselF.— He did not call" a meeting ,to air his grievances," each corpse did .its"share in a bnslness-like fashion, tainting jhe air with'gernis Of typhoid fever, sign ing death ' Warrants' with' invisible fingers, and before long men began to look old and haggard anill, the strong arm lagged listlessly, the gold hunt was abandoned,1 and then the tneh climbed into waggon's and teams and coaches and made off to Cnolgardio, where they hoped/to escape from the enrseof Michael Kelly,' but, many of them laid down their awags and never picked them up again in this world, and the foremost to Follow Kelly was Mr. Murphy, the men Who first struck it rich in the comhnt rush on Kur nelpi. , He pegged . out -close - by Hannau'e camp, as he moved to wards the ses coast, where he was going, he fjaid, to.get the curee of Kelly blown out of him by the' ocean breexes, and as be Jay dying in. a little lent by the wayside, the demon 'of delirium heldhitn, and lie would start up opon his coach, and shriek in tones that chilled his hearers Jibe ice-water in a duBt storm: " Aisy Mickey, aiey boy, snre it was'the yellow gould that timpled me to leave your poorbody shore ground, but l'll come back an'plantye decent Mickey, Kelly, darlint. ■ I'll come back to ye< tnatsy—ind be did, blithe went inV box without any liningVand lbey lsid bim at' rettbeside hisiWte In the old cemeteiyat KnrnalpV and .sow the; diggers tigQt th at e>ery,njgbt at 12 o'clock-Mickey Keljy//fcaa>he:seen pbrcbed 'ppdlr a hilloek'formedby fosBikers'Bo^king.Ior,® while the ghost ol My rphy Morea'arpu ndp i n endless -jpeoance ,gatdiBring.,up, the' bones of various .akeibtoni, which - he builds togbthBr 'piCcjB%^ piece,' vntil be domes1 tothebhe, frbm jrhicb the fox terrier stole thBilipi^apd , !hen Kelly aepds Jfurpby ^Rt -into the scrub to hBot for adogand % section of a skeleton, bnt' be""ih*!iri»bly re turns at- daybreak dowqbe low with Kellyi only in W-appearsnd go th ropgh the taA again efery p igh t at (he fatal .hoc. This.Jatter fart may only he a ialainrented by camp fires at Kurnalpi, but you deter see a digger Who ' dobsTlnot-"d6dga tbe epot after eight fall,' and itids afact worth chrdniclinj- tbat'tbbdnly.foi terrier in thhcsnp «ahnot%e coated outofih - tent s'terapndosrnl ' Fromtbe earltestpetlod tbe lce landM^roman' litis anjbyed /distinct individuality. The wuebasn' always I eld ■the'plaoeof juii&pial;" wlthler tnsband & in Ulersf eiftaSh1e.g~to the 