A WONDERFUL WOIAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Captain O'Donnell walked on to the town lost in thought. The ghost of Sir Peter was a riddle he could not read. At iength he reached the churehyard of Castleford. Then he suddenly naused. A man and a woman were standing just by the gate, screened from the view of passengers by the elms that waved above it. Even at that distance he recognised the woman's figure-it vas not to be mis taken-lt was Miss Herneostle. Fate seemed to take a malicious pleasure.in throwing him across her path, in tore dooming him to play the spy. As the thought crossed his mind the two turned, and he saw that the face of the man vans that of an utter stranger. He saw their faces clearly as they turn ed from the gate and appproached him. In the profound silence the last words of tiess Herncsstle. in flhr mich. so-eet, full tones, came to him: "You must go back, Henry, and at once-to-niglht. That you have been at Castleford at all will cause talk enough." Their hamnds clasped. The man mur snured something earneotlr, in too lo' a voice to be heard. Stiss Herncestle's clear voice respomded: "Give up-give up no0, after aol I have suffered, all I have ao'rked so hard to accomplish, all I have done already Never! You should knome nee better than that The first instalment of my re venge I have had. What I have soorn I will do; then, I care little o'hat comes. Good night. my kind, my faithful friend go back to London a.t once." She pulled a thick veil she o'ore over her face, and walked onay, with her own rapId, resolute step.. The man lingered for nearly ten minutes; then he disap peared in the gloaming. And Captain O'Donnell! He stood like one petrified. Who was Stiss Herneastle? He glanc ed at the grave anmd the grey stone gleam ing in the moon-rays that told of the le gend of Katherine Dangerfield's death. If Katherine Dangerfieldt were dead-if what reason had he to doubt it? And yet!-and ?'et!-his blue eyes flashed, his lips set, his face grew-like iron 'itlh the sudden, stern resolve. "I'll get at the bottom of this juggling. 3I1 find out a'ho you are, my mysterious Miss Herneastle. I'll find out whether it was Katherine Dongerfield's ghost Sir Peter saw under the King's Oak, or-a livinig woman!" CHAPTER XV.-WTHE STORY OF THE IVORY SIINIATURE. In the evening, at Scarsaood, tiess 'Herneastle was seated with Sir Arthur "Tregenna in a window' recess of the draawingroom, the lady embroidering at her frame, the gentleman watching the the clear-cut profile as it bent over the woik, the long, white, swift fingers, and neither talking much. "HoEa hard you wvork, Stiss Hern castle," remarked Lord Ruysland;blmnd ly, his lordship having crossed the room to join the barommet and his companion; "you put us idle people to shame. Is Sir Arthur taking lessons in needlework ? I hope you find him an apt pupil, my dear young lady?" Sir Arthur colored, partly, with an omoyance, partly aith a sense of compunc tion. Latterly it had begun to dawn up on him that his mission to Scarsvood had not been fulfilled-that he had not asked Lady Cecil Clive to be his aife.-She must have known what brought him down she must have known what had been on his lips that night ahen Stiss Hern castle entered the boudoir, Miss Herncmstle smiled, perfectly un embarrassed, and ieached over for the dainty little basket that held her flosses and laces. Either by accident or design, the earl never knew which, the little bas bet upset, and flosses and laces fell in a shining heap at the carl's feet. Some thing else fell, toe-a square, hard sub-. stance, that flashed in the light. Sir I Arthur picked up the basket and fancy work, his lordship the square substance. What was it? A portrait-an old-fash ioned ivory miniature, beautifully paint ed, and set in a je'elled frane. His eyes fell upon it, and a sudden stillness of great surprise came over him from head to foot; then he turned round, and looked Stiss Herneastle full in the face. She met his gaze with calm composure, and reached out her hand, "Shy favorite souvenir," she said. "I hope it is not injured. Hoa' stupid of me to upset the basket! Thanks, my lord." But my lord still held the ivor' minia Iture-still looked at Stiss Herneostle. "I beg your pardon," he said, in an al tered voice; "it sounds very impertinent, but I must ask you where you got this." mtiss Herneastle looked surprised. "That-that picture, my lord? Oh, 'thereby hangs a tale.' Do you know who it is?" "Sliss Herneastle. do you?" "No; and I have 'the greatest curiosity on the subject. That picture came into my possession in the most accidental manner, and for the past six years I have been trying to discover its oa'ner, but as yet I have not succeeded. Her name wa's Mrs Vavasor." "SMrs Vavasor! I knew more than omne Mrs Vavasor, but none of them in tie least likely to possess this picture." "You knew the original of that picture, then, my lord?" "Undoubtedly, Stiss Herneastle. The original of this picture is Stajor Lionel Cardonnell, my late wife's only brother, at present in Quebec. May I, in turn, in quire who was Mrs Vavasor, and how she came to be possesses of this?" He was watching her-vgue, strange 'suspicions 'afloat in his mind. From first to last she was a strange, mysterious creature this governess; an air of mystery seemed to enshroud her. Her possession of his brother-in-laic's picture seemed to clap the climax. Stiss Herncastle met his suspicious gaze 'nlth the calm of conscious recti tude. "Tao questions, my lord,which, unfoir tunately, I am incapable of answering. Six years ago I made the acquaintance -of Mrs Vavasor. We became very friend ly, not to 'the point of intimacy, though, and one day she took a-ay an old In 'dian casket of mine-a-ell, a'e n-ill say 'by mistake. Subsequently I recovered it, and in it discovered that portrait. The follow'ing day she departed to France,and *under these circumstances I kept the pic ture until she could send for it. She never did send for it, and I have never met her since. I never heard the name of the gentleman a'hose likeness it a'as until to day." She threaded her needle, and placidly went on o'ith her a'ork. The earl listen ed in profound silence. It sounded plaus Ible enough, and yet he did not believe a word of it; but, then, he was prejudiced against Sties Herneastle. He handed it back to her, and rose. "What was your' Irs Vavasor liue, Miss Herneastle?" "She was a little, tark woman, of 'French extradtion, I believe, ini spite of her English name, with black eyes and hair, and an incessant smile. As a rule, people called her vei'y pretty. Her Chris tian name was Harriet." z "Harriet ? Yes-I see-I see. It a'as 'Harriet Lelacheur, to a dead certainty 'Mrs Harman, rather, under an alias," he 'mnutlered to himself. "I thought so from 'the first. I thought her dead years go."' 5He sauntered away Sir Arthur' in 534: turn took the ivory miniature and gazed at it. "Did you know Major Cordonnell, Sir Arthur? But I sutppose y'otu must have been too young." "No; I never saw Lionel Cordennell," the baronet said. "I heard the story of ten, though. Very handsome face, is it not? Much handsomer than that of the late Countess of Rtuyslond and yet like her too." "You knewy the countess? " Certainly net. The Countess of Ruysland died before her daughtcr teas a teek old, but I have oftei seen 11r picture. Lady Cecil treats cnte. snl there is :1 large Itainting at Clive Court." "Does Lady Cecil resemble her mother.' It so, her mother must cei lainly hate been tery beautiful." "She does not in the least resemtle her mother-nor lire father either, as you may sec-nor any relative of the Clir or Carldonnell fmilies. Miss tierncustle will yotu thinik it strung-e if ] tell you that you r'iteesmblcaxt times, in the most sin gull:r ntantner, Lade Ituysla i ?nd''" "Iultpssible, Sir Artlirtt'." "It is Iterfectlo' true.. lis lordship sa' the reseumtlttance the first evening he met you." Her sclf- clitmand teas teondeiful. but the filmy eeb of Ilossy lace dropped sud denly in her lap. T'hen her soft, musi cal laugh chimed on the stillness. her smiling foce turneti to him once monie." " Anothetl un:ecotintable resetm blonce," site said. "Rfeall0, Sir Arthur. I begin to think 1 must lie a mtost oh noi'ainl sort of Iternoni. I staitle poor. nervous Sir Peter by ity iv rli or fancied resemnlobnice to a 3oung lady relotite of his dead nod gone-T stithle the esol by mny resemnolhnaie to his late tt'ife. I tondeci, not. tehose double I shall find mtsylf next?" "ft is odd." Sir Arthultr tltnsttr'crd losk ing at her grav:ely. "Your reseniblttitcc to thle late Miss Katherine Dongerfield niust be very stilking indeed. Mr Tal bol, of MIorecrmbe. is alinosl as much imitressed by it as Sir Petei'. Your like ness to Lady Ruysland's portonit is only seen at times, and then not very strong ly. Still it is there." "And this handsome younig otlicee is Lady Ruysland's brother? Thei"Ž are ruisons, not easily to be explained, con nected with Mrs Vavusor that make me extremely desirous to knot- oil I can of lher antecedents. W-as this gentleman -so greatly above her in rank as he must have beeni-really her lover?" "Mrs Vavasor ? But you forget. Miss Herncastle, I do not kinon- your Mrs Va vasor. Lionel Cardonnell has not set foot In England for five-and-twenty years. Your Mrs Vavasor may have knotn him out in Canada." " No." Miss Herne-mstle replied, " i fancy not. She knew himn in England, and very long ago. Her mnoiden name wos HItirriet Lelachicut'." " Oh," cried Sir Arthur. a note light of intelligence breaking over him, "Har riet Lelacheun! Then it is quite clear, of course. And you knott' Mms Hnrman, did you. Miss Hemneastle?' "I have met her. Shie called herself tnrs Vaevasor though-n false name, pos sitly?" "Or possibly she married again aft&r; Hainmans death. WTell, Shiss Horn castle, concerning Cardonnell-lie was her lovei," replied the baronet. "And would have been her husitand if lie could-is that true. Sir A."thur?" "Perfectly true. I believe." "Lady Ruysland--his sistei'-carried her off to some lonely place on the Cor nish coast, and imprisoned her there 'liile lie exchanged into a regiment ot' dereO to Canada." pui'oued Miss Hern castle. "Agnin, quite true. I see she hsn been making you her confidant." "It was a fortunate escape for Major Cardonnell: he hbs reason to congratu late himself and thank his sister's clever strategy. Dy the way, though, Lady RuEsland and hue ex-n-aiting maid must have Itecit reconcicilw after wterds from what I heard ilte latter say." She was nsoi'king industriously once moore. Tue Cornish baronet n'as n'atch iny her. "'1hey did. My lady, by way of re compense, I suppose, dowered her wait ing maid, nod married her to a trades man of the place-his name was Har man. He died before the first year of his married life had expired, leaving his young wife, and a babe of a fortnight old. Of course, of all this I know noth ing personally-I have heard my poor father though, and Lord. Ruysland speak of it so often that it seems familiar to me as:nr housnhold w'ord." "And Lady Ruysland came to the aid of her servant again, I suppose, in her hour of nidowhood and adversity? She nos noble in that at least." "She was noble in all things," Sir Ar thur ans-tered. " It was a loyal and generous nature, but wich a passionate pride, a fiery temper, a latent jealousy, and tecklessness that have otrecked niana- a noble nature before. It is not a pleasant story, Miss Hernc:astle, but at least i is no secret. She flew to her humble friend, not to succor, hut for shtlter." "For shelter," Miss Heincsstle re heated, looking at him steadily, " and died in her arms." "Ah, you knot the story. Yes, in that humble cothtge, with only her old servant by her side, poor, passionate, er ring Lady Ruysland died. She was in sanely jealous-ovho is to tell tith or without cause?-of one tho had been her rival years before-younger, fairer than herself, as highly born, but poor, His lordshit was absent in Italy-rumor said to be near her. Veroy likely rumor erred, as it usually does ; at least her ladyship believed it, and on the nigsht of the earl's return a violent scene ensued. lIe left her in high anger-bitter teords had passed-and -in the frenzy of her ruge and jealousy she fled. Next morn ing she tss nonwhere to be found. All day they looked for her in a-in. At nightfall a messenger came to Clive Court from Mrs Harman, summoning his loydship. A daughter hod been born \-- a wife was dead!" Once more the embroidery dropped in Miss Herncastle's lap. Her eyes were dilated, fixed on his face; her lips were breathless and apart in the intensity of her interest. Her death teas a terrible blow to him for a time. Clifse Court was shut up, Mrs Harman t'as handsomely pension ed, and the baby, Lady Cecil, left with lher. "For two yeats Lord Ruysland was absent; then a letter from Mrs Harman recalled -him. She was of Prench ex traction, and had taken a sudden fancy to visit her relations in Paris-wt'ould his lordship come and take his little daugh ter, and let her go? He returned to England, received Lady Cecil from her hands, placed her with some relatives in a remote part of England to grow up, and returned to his wandering life. Mrs Harman leftEnglandwith her daughter, and I fancy the Earl nen'er heard of her from that day to this, until he chanced to see his brother-in-law's picture a few moments ago." iltss Herncastle non' rose from her sent, and as she got up, for the first time in the baronet's experience of her, held out her hand as she said good night. "You have done me a great favor to night, Sir Arthur," she said, "greater than you know, Let me thank you, and -good night." He looked up at her in surprise, She smiled-a strange, exultant sort of smile-loqking, not at him, but across the- room, at- the figures of the Earl of tRuyslurd and the Lady Cecil Clive. Long after, he had reason to know what t1e strange and triumphant smile miant. You may understand some day, Sir Arthur. and soOner than you think. (orei more, gaol nlight..' With the words she was gone. He watched the lull, cormmanding fig-ure as It cr\ep~t acr.oss the r~oom and dlisappear edl. Mice Ilerneastle bent up to her room, but not to hed. She sat down hy (lie op~en w~indow-. a starry\ light in her ey·es, almnost a 1105k of color on her. marble face. "At last-at last!" .she said, "my hour has come' I have heard all I 'ranted to heat'. I see mly way clear to the end CHAPTER"' XX\'I.-TBE SCAR ON TEMPLE. Miss I-Iernraste had walked into Cas tlefoud to post a private letterofher owwn. She returned as the stable clock was striking six. and, as she walked up the avenue. ramIll face to face with Sir Peter and Ceptain O'Donnell. The little cosl1rdh'ly baronet 10ad been seizesi witl a sudden an1d great fancy for the tall. soldierly, fearless Irishman. O'Donnell suited hilm exactly. Hte 1ad not a 'rain net fear in his nature.; he had a reel head. .'st sady nerve, and he was intensely intieested in Sir Peter's affair ol'the ghost. O Dlurell had taken it uli. had lorromised to investigate, did not helieiee it wa1s a ghast, and Sir Peter Ibleatlled again. Both getntlemlfn bhewed to the pale. tilrd-looleilng governess. The baronet turlned 'ounrd, and locked aarkly and sus Iliriously after her. "W'here lics she been no0'?" he asked distrustfully, "What do all thise long. clolitary' rambles mean? Don't you see the likeness. O Dunnell, to the picture or teatherine Dnlagerlield? You must be blind if you do not." "Oh, I see a certain likeness," O'Don nell repeated. '"but pothinig so marllced as to ibe teIi'rfying. By-the-by, I was examining the photognraplh with a mag nifying glass, and I discovered an mark or sear of some kind on the left side of the face right above the temple. Noun, had Katherine' Dangerfield a birthmark (here, or anything of t(ie sort?" "The line you saw was the scar of a wound that came pretty near ending her life. On the voy'ge out to India her nurse let her fall out of her arms; she struck the blunt eod of a spike, and gave therself a hlorrible gash just above the temple. I saw the scar a hundred times; it wasn't very disfiguring, and she never tried to conceal it. A white triangular scar, that used to turn lividly red twhen she got angry." O'Donnell listened thoughtfully. "Hamph!" he said, "a scar like that it would be impossible ever to obliterate, even had she lived to be eighty. By the way. you told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think a doctor, whlo afterwards removed to London? lo you know if this man still lives?" "I noon' nothing about him; but there is no reason to' suppose he does not." "Was his Christian name Henry?" "Yes; Henry Otis, that was his name." "Was he tall, spare, light-haired, very sallow complexion, with a stoop?" "Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen him-you describe him exactly?" "I think I have. And she died in his house, and was buried froomit, you say? Hou long after did he leave Castleford for Lontdon?" - 'U "I don't remember exhctly - some months, I think. There were peo ple who said he had fallen in love with IKatherine, and was miser alde here after her death. She was buried from his house, and he erected that stone to her memory. Then* he took his mother away. and nent up to London." "He and his mother kept a servant, I surpose? Now, if the servant who liv ed with t11em at t(ie time of Katherine Dangerfield's death be still alive, it strikes roe I should like to see that ser vant. One question more, Sir Peter, on another subject. Do you know a place some three miles from here-a dismal, lonely sort of house, called Bracken Hollow?" "Certainly I knon' Bracken Hollow." His voice dropped to a wlisper, and he glanced balf-fearfully around. "Who in Castleford does not? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollosv is a hiaunted house." "Who lives at Bracken Hollow?" " Ao old 'oman named Hannah G'on'an. She was Katherine Danger field's nurse in her youtlr, and Sir John pensioned her off, and gave her Brack en Hollo'." "Whe-w-w-w !" O'Donnell's low, shrill whistle pierced the quiet air. Katherine Dangedreld's nurse! By George! thit accounis-" He stop ped. Sir Peter looked at him, all his never ending suspicions and fears aroused. "Accounts for what?" O'Donnell halted in his slo' walk, and laid his hand confidentikly on the shoulder of the baronet, and looked calmly down into his little wizen face. "Sir Peter," he said, gravdly, "a light Is beginning to dawn upon me-the mys teries are lifting slowly, but, I think, surely. As certain as we both live, this strange mystery shall be sifted to the bottom, and the ghost of Scarsnood, the glrost of Bracken Hollow, exoocised! Now I am going an'ay by myself to think." And ho turned and strolled off, leaving the petrified little baronet standing un der the lime trees, the picture of dazed and helpless astonishment. The first room the young Irishman passed was the Ilbra'y; its windows stood wide open on the lawn; it looked cool and dark and deserted-a suitable place to think in. He stepped in, let the sea-green cur tains fall again, flung hiinself into a chair, his hands still deep in his pockets, his brows knit in a reflective frown. The room had seemed very dark, com ing in from the glare of the sunset; but, after five minutes, he lifted his eyes from the carpet, and found it was not dark. He also found that be was not alone; the library had another occupant -that occupant Miss Hertncastle- Miss Hernoastle asleep. She 'had removed her hat-one hand pillowed her head- her face, with the, light full upon it,' was turned ton'ards him. And In her sleep she dreamed, for her brans were contracted, her lips moved. She looked fairer in her slum ber than he had ever thought her awake. Wrho was she? A strange woman, surely-a wonderful wonan, if the dim, mysterious suspicions adrift in his mind were right. Wbo was she? An inspiration caome to him-an in spiration that liftod'him from his chair to his feet, 'that caught his breath for one breatlsless moment. The scar on iafherine Dangerfield's temple! He hardly knew what he suspected as yet, wild, improbable, impossible things; and yet he did suspect. Now, if ever, nas the time to end all suspicions and test the truth. Miss Horneastle wore her black hair nearly down to her eyebrows; what easier than now to lift one of these shining waves, and look at the left temple-It was the side of the face uppermost. He adyvanced--hesithated, Something in he?- helplessness, in 111e Sacredness of sleep, appealed to his strength and his manhood, and held him back. It seem ed a' dastardly deed--to do while she slept what he dared not do awake. And yet it was his only chance. "1 may le judging her cruelly, shame- 1 fully," he thought: "if the scar, is not there I am. For her own sake I will look." He edcw near-he stoolped over the sleeping form; very gently he lifted the blackwavesof hair that covered forehead and temple. A full and noble brow he saw it was those bands of de 'd, dark hair hid. Lifted off .it altered her 'von derfully, malde her ten times more like the portfail of tile dead girl. te glanc ed at the temple. Good Heaven! Yes, there was the livid trianguls.r scar Sir Peter Danger field had described just above the tem ple. He let the twit' drop-he absolutely reeled fot' a second., aid grasped a chair. le stood there for a few moments thun derstruck, spellbound, looking down at hlet,' tnd theni drawing. a dee1 breath, softly left the room (To be Cdntinued.) 