m original mm BY EDVPARD P. fiOE. . ? , ^SA^TEB^TSCXFlfe S~?s, ? You- Will remember, ' said the captain^ af ter a moment's pause, that he might take up the thread of his narrative consecutively, 'that I awoke a little before midnight. ' At first I was confused, but soon all that had happened came back to me. I found myself a part of a long line of sleeping men that formed the reserve. Not farther than from here across the street 'was another line In front of us. Beyond this were our vigilant pickets, and then the vedettes of the enemy. All seemed strangely still and peaceful but a single shot would -have brought thousauds of men to their feet The moon poured a soft radiance over all, and gave tq.tLie ecene a .weird, and Jerrible. beauty.' The arniy . was like a sleeping giant. Would its awakening be as terrible'as on the last three mornings? Then I thought of that other army sleeping beyond our lines— an army which neither bugle nor the thunder of all our guns could awaken. 'I soon distinguished faint, far-off sounds from the disputed territory beyond our pick ets. Rising, I put my hand to my ear, and then heard the words, 'Water! water!' 'They were the cries of wounded men en- j treating for that which would quench their ! intolerable thirst. The thought that Strahan might be .among this number stung me to the very quick, and I hastened to the senior cap tain, who now commanded the regiment. I found him alert and watchful, with the bugle at his side, for he felt the weight of responsi bility so suddenly thrust upon him. ''Captain Markhani,' I said, -'do you hear : those cries for water?' ' 'Yes,' he replied, sadly; 'I have heard them for hours.' ' 'Among them may be Strahan's voice,' I said, eagerly. ?'Granting it, what could we do? Our pickets are way this side of the spot where he fell.' ''Captain,' I cried, 'Strahan was like a brother to me. I can't rest here with the possibility that he is dying yonder for a little j water. I am relieved, from duty, you know. If one of my company will volunteer; to go with me, .will you give him your permission? I know where Strahan fell, and am willing to try to reach him and bring ihim in.' ' 'No,' said the captain, 'I can't give such permission. You might be fired on and the ?whole line aroused. You can go to our old brigade-commander, however — he now com mands the division— and see what he says. He's back there under that tree Of course, you know, I sympathise with your feeling, but I cannot advise the risk. Good heavens, Blauvelt; we've lost enough officers al ready.' ' 'I'll be back soon,' I answered. 'To a wakeful aide I told my errand, and he aroused the general, who was silent after he had been made acquainted with my pro ject. ' 'I might bring in some useful informa tion,' I added hastily. 'The officer knew and liked Strahan, but said: 'I shall have to put my permission on the ground of a reconnoissance. I should be glad to know if any changes are taking ».place on our front, and so would my superi ors. Of course you understand the risk you run when once beyond our pickets?' ' 'Strahan would do as much and more for me,' I replied. ' 'Very well:' and he gave me permission to take a volunteer, at the same time order ing me to report to him on my return. 'I went back to our regimental command er, who growled. 'Well, if you will go, I suppose, you will; but it would be a fool hardy thing for even an unwounded man to attempt.' 'I knew a strong, active young fellow in my company who would go* anywhere with me, and. waking him up, explained my pur pose. He was instantly on the -jui vlve. 1 procured him a revolver, and we started at once. On reaching our pickets we showed oar authority to pass, and were informed that the enemy's vedettes ran along the ridge on which we had fousrht the day before. Telling our pickets to pass the word not to fire on us if we came in on the run, we stole down into the intervening valley. 'The jmoon was now,mementarily obscured by clouds, and this favored us. My plan was to reach the woods on' which the right of our regiment had rested. Here the sha- dows would be deep, and our chances bet ter. Crouching and creeping silently from bnsh to bush, we made our gradual progress until we saw a sentinel slowly pacing back and forth along the edge of the woods Most of his beat was in shadow, and there were bughes and rocks extending almost to it. We watched him attentively for a time, and then my companion whispered: 'The Johnny seems half dead with sleep. I believe I can steal up and capture him without a sound. I don't see how we can get by him as long as he is sufficiently -wide awake to walk.' ' 'Very well. You have two hands, and my left is almost useless,' I said. 'Make your i attempt where the shadow is deepest, and if he sees you. and is about to shoot, see that yon shoot first. I'll be with you instantly ! if you succeed and cover your retreat in case of failure.' 'In a moment, revolver in hand, he was gliding, like a shadow, from cover to cover, and it was his good fortune to steal up be hind the sleepy sentinel, grasp his musket, and whisper, with his pistol against his head, 'Not a sound, or you are dead.' 'The man was discreet enough to be ut terly silent. In a moment I was by Rush's side — that was the name of the brave fellow who accompanied me — and found that he had' disarmed his prisoner. I told Bush to take the rebel's musket and walk up and down the beat and especially to show himself in the moonlight I made the Johnny give me his word not to escape, telling him that he would be shot instantly if he did. I gave him the impression that others were watch ing him. I then tied his hands behind him, and fastened him to a tree in the shade. Feeling that I shad not a moment to lose, I rapidly passed down throngh the woods bearing to the left. The place was only too farnniftr, and even in the moonlight I could recognise the still forms of some of my own company. I found two or three of our regiment still alive, and hushed them as I pressed water to their lips. I then asked if they knew any thing about Strahan. They did not. Has tening on I reached the spot, by a large boulder, ?where I had seen Strahan f alL He was not there, nor anywhere near it. I even turned up the faces of corpses in my wish to assure myself; for our dead officers had been partially stripped. I called his name softly, then more distinctly, and at last, forgetful in my distress, loudly. ' Then I heard hasty steps, and crouched down be hind a bush, with my hand upon my revol-. ver. But I had been seen. 'A man .approached rapidly, and asked, in a gi-uff voice, 'What the devil are you doing here?' . . ?' 'Looking for a brother who fell here a bouts/ I replied, humbly. ''You are a ? Yankete,' -was the harsh re ply, 'and a prisoner; I know yonr Northern tongue.' ? - ~- 'I fired instantly, and wounded him, but not .severely, for he fired in return, and the bullet whizzed by iny ear. My next shot brought him down, ana1 then I started on a dead run for th§ woods, regained Rush, and/ wilh our prisoner, we. stole swiftly towards cur lines. ; We were out of sure..range be fore the startled pickets of the enemy. Realis ed Tvhat was -the matter. ' .AVtew harmless shots were 6eirt after us. and then we gained our linefe. I am satisfied that- Hie man -1 shot was a rebel officer visitingi the picket line. Our. firing inSMe their, lines could -not' be ^explained until the gap caused by the missing sentinel we had carried off was dis covered. : - ... ; . . ,.v ' ?:.: . V ' -.' ?'.-'?' 'Then they knew that *Yaiiks,* as they^ balled us, iikd iwien %H^te|ieir^ines. 'iBlush, I fakiag^the iSentiael^S plaSe*^rllile I was toe-] low thejhill, had prevented :4n untimely ^ dis* i fxivery of our NespedJtiohr ?- jpechaps it was ' well that I met i:he rebel officer, for he was making directly towards the spot where I had /left my companion., ,^ ?. - ??^?r* ;*^?he poor fellow we hadf captured was Tsd used, up that he could se&xeely; keep \paee with us. He fiald he had not had any rest worth speaking of for forty-eight hours. I passed through our lines, now alert, and re ported at Division Headquarters. The general laughed, congratulated us, and said - he was—glad we had not found Strahan among the dead or seriously wounded; for now there was a good ehance oi seeing him again. ? 'I turned over our prisoner to him, and soon all was quiet again. Captain Mark ham, of our regiment, greeted us warmly, but I was so exhausted that I contented him with a brief outline of what had occurred, and said I would tell him the rest in the morning. .Satisfied, now that Strahan was not crying for water, I was soon asleep again by the side of Rush, and did not waken till the sun was well above the horizon. 'I soon learned that the vedettes of' the anemy had disappeared from before our lines, and that our skirmishers were advanc ing. After a hasty breakfast I followed them, and soon reached again the ground I had visited in the night: On the way I met two of our men to whom I had given water. The other man had meanwhile died. The survivors told me positively that they had not seen or heard of Strahan after he had fallen. They also said that they had re ceived a little food and water from the rebels, or they could not have survived. . 'The dead were still unburied, although parties were sent out within our picket line during the day to p.erform this sad duty, and I searched the ground thoroughly for a wide distance, acting on the possibility that Stra. han might have crawled away somewhere. 'I shall not describe the appearance of the field, or speak of my feelings as I saw the bodies of the brave men and officers of our regiment who had so long been my com panions. 'The rest of my story is soon told. From our surgeon I had positive assurance that Strahan had not been brought to our corps hospital. Therefore, I felt driven to one of two conclusions; either he was in a Confede rate hospital on the field beyond our lines, or else he was a prisoner. 'As usual, the heavy concussion of the ar tillery produced a rain- storm, which set in on the afternoon of the 4th, and continued all night. As the enemy appeared to be en trenching in a strong position, there seemed no hope of doing any more that day. and I spent the night in a piece of woods with my men. 'On the dark, dreary morning of the 5th, it was soon discovered that the Confederate army had disappeared. As the early shades of the previous stormy evening had settled over the region, its movement towards Vir ginia had begun. I became satisfied before night that Strahan also was southward bound, for, procuring a horse. I rode all day, visiting the temporary Confederate hospitals. Since they had left their own severely woun ded men. they certainly would not have ta ken Union soldiers unable to walk. Not content with my first search, I spent the next two days in like manner, visiting the houses in Gettysburg and vicinity, until satisfied that my effort was useless. Then, availing myself of a brief leave of absence, I came north.' Blauvelt then gave Merwyn some sugges tions, adding: 'If you find no trace of him on the field, I would advise, as your only chance, that you follow the track of Lee's army, especially the roads on which their prisoners were taken. Strahan might have^ given out by the way, and have been left at some farmhouse or in a village. It would be hopeless to go beyond the Potomac.' Rising, he concluded: 'Mark my words, and see if I am not right Strahan Is a prisoner, and will be exchanged.' Then wtih a laugh and a military salute to Marian, he said, 'I have finished my. report.' 'It is accepted with strong recommendation and congratulations,' she replied. 'I shall recommend you for promotion.' 'Good- bye, Miss Vosburgh,' said Merwyn, gravely. 'I shall start in the morning, and I agree with Captain Blauvglt that my best chance lies along the line of Lee's retreat' Again she gave him her hand kindly in farewell; but her thought was: 'How deathly pale he is! This has been a night of horrors to him— to me also; yet if I were a man I know I could meet what other men face.' 'She was kind,' Merwyn said to himself, as he walked through the deserted streets; 'but I fear it was only the kindness of piti ful toleration. It is plainer than ever that she adores heroic action, that her ardor in behalf of the North is scarcely less than that of my mother for the South, and yet she thinks I am not brave enough to face a mus ket. What a figure I make beside the men of whom 'we have heard to-night! WelL to get away, to be constantly employed, is my only hope. I believe I- should become insane if I brooded much longer at home.' In spite of his late hours, he ordered an early breakfast, proposing to start without further delay. The next morning, as he sat down to the table, the door bell rang, there was a hasty step down the hall, and Strahan, pale and gaunt, with his arm in a sling, burst in upon him, and exclaimed, with his old sang froid and humor: 'Just in time. Yes, thanks; I'll stay and take a cup of coffee with. you.' Merwyn greeted him with mingled wonder and gladness, yet even at that moment the thought occurred to him: 'Thwarted on every sidel I can-do absolutely nothing.' After Strahan was seated Merwyn said: 'Half an hour later I should have been off to Gettysburg in search of you. Blanvelt is here, and says he saw you fall, and since a Wank, as far as you are concerned.' 'Thank God! He escaped, then?' ? 'Yes; but is wounded slightly. What is the matter with your arm?' 'Only a hnllet-hole through it. That's no thing for Gettysburg. I was captured, and escaped on the - first night's march. Dark and stormy; you know. Bat it's a long story, and I'm hungry as a wolf. - Where's Blau-_ velt?' 'He's a guest at Mr. Vosburgh's.' ;. - 'Lucky fellow!' exclaimed Strahan: and for some reason the edge of his appetite was gone. '!es he is a lucky feilow, indeed; and so are you,' said Merwyn, , bitterly. 'I was there hist evening till after midnight:' and he explained what had occurred, adding, 'Blauvelt trumpeted your praise, and on the night of the 3rd he went Inside the enemy's picket line in search of you, at the risk of his life.' ' ? ; ? .'Heaven bless the fellow! Wait till I spin my yarn. I shall give him credit for the whole victory.' . . ... . . 'Write a note to. Miss ;Vosburgh, and I'll send it right down.'' 'Confound it! Merwyn, don't you see I'm winged? You will even haye to cut my food for me as. if I were a baby.' 'Very well, you dictate, and I'll write. By the way, I: have a note for you in my poc ket.' ; .. ?? ;? . .-? .'? .?'.;. Strahan seized upon it and forgot his breakfast Tears suffused Mils blue eyes be-!: fore Jie finished it^and at last he said: 'Well, if you 'had found me tti^ome hospital this. would :have cured me, or else made death easy.' ? ' .' ' ?.?'??.;!'?'? ^'- ''';'. '_ '' ?' \ 'Merwyn's heart ,g*ew heavy, an spite of the f act that he had told himselt so often that there was bo hope for lum* and he thought, 'In the terrible uncertainty- of Strahan's fate she found that he was more io; her than she had supposed, and', probably revealed as much in her - note, wi&eii; she Reared might reach him only when death Tgaa sure.' The glad intelligence V^was ^patched, and then Merwyn saiar^Afteriiyour have break fasted I will send Sou ^doi^m* in my coupe.' 'You will go -with mjeyv 'No, There is no reason why I should be ''' ?;''? I' -???'.?' , ...'.'.? \ ? - / '?'?'?_ ? '- . . present when Miss ^Vosburgh gf6ets her friends, I remained last night by ^request, that ?-%? might be. better informed in prosecu ting nry search.' .Strahan changed the subject, but thought: *'She's loyal to her JrJLendsr; , Merwyn, with* all This moneyy. has' made no progress. Her choice will eventually fall on Lane, Blauvelt, or poor little me. ' Thank Heaven I gave the Johnnies the slip! The other, fellows shall have a fair field, but I want one too.' Before ythey had finished their breakfast Blauvelt came tearing in, and there was a fire of questions between the brother-officers. Tears and laughter mingled with their words; but at last they became grave and quiet as they realised how many brave com rades would march with them no more. In a few moments Blauvelt said: 'Come; Miss Marian said she would not take a mouthful of breakfast till you returned with me.' , . Merwyn saw them drive away, and said, bitterly: 'Thanks to my mother, I shall never have any part in such greetings.' CHAPTER XXXVII. After Blauvelt had left Mr. Vosburgh's. breakfast- table in obedience to his own and Marian's wish to see Strahan at once, the young girl laughed outright-she would laugh easily to-day— and exclaimed— 'Poor Mr. Merwyn! He is indeed doomed to inglorious inaction. Before he could even start on his search, Strahan found him. His part in this iron age will consist only in fur nishing the sinews of war and dispensing canned dejieacies in the hospitals. I do feel sorry for him, for last night he seemed to a-ealise the fact himself. He looked like a ghost, back in the shadow that he sought when Captain Blauvelt's story gr,ew tragic. I believe he suffered more in hearing about the shells than Mr. Blauvelt did in hearing and seeing them.' * 'It's a curious case,' said the father, mu* singly.. 'He was and has been suffering deeply 'from some cause. I have not fully accepted your theory yet.' 'Since even your sagacity can construct no other, I am satisfied that I am right. . But I have done scoffing at Mr. Merwyn, and should feel as guilty in doing so as if I had shown contempt for physical deformity. I have become so convinced that he suffers terribly from consciousness of his weakness, that I now pity him from the depths of my heart Just think of a young fellow. of his intelligence listening to such a story as we heard last night and of the inevitable con trasts that he must have drawn!' 'Fancy also.' said her father, smiling, 'a forlorn lover seeing your cheeks aflame and your eyes suffused with tears of sympathy for young heroes, one of whom was reciting his «pic. Strahan is soon to repeat his: then Lane will appear and surpass them alL' 'Well,' cried Marian, laughing, 'you'll ad mit they form a trio to be proud of.' 'Oh, yes, and will have to admit more, 1 suppose, before long. Girls never fall in love -with trios.' ? v 'Nonsense, papa, they are all just like bro thers to me.' Then there was a rush of tears to her eyes, and she said, brokenly: 'The war is not over yet, and perhaps not one of them will survive.' 'Come, my dear.' her father reassured her, srently, 'you must imitate your soldier friends, and take each day as it comes. Re membering what they have already passed through, I predict that they all survive. The bravest men are the most apt to escape.' Marian's greeting of Strahan was so full of feeling, and so many tears suffused her dark blue eyes, that they inspired false hopes in his breast and unwarranted fears in that of Blauvelt The heroic action and tragic ex perience of the young boyish Strahan had touched the tenderest chords in her heart Indeed, as she stood, holding his left hand in both her own. they might easily have -t»een taken for brother and sister. His eyes were almost as blue as hers, and his brow, where it had not been exposed to the weather, as fair. She knew of his victory over himself. Almost at the same time with herself, he had east behind him a weak, selfish, frivolous life, assuming a manhood which she under stood better than others: Therefore, she had for him a tenderness, a gentleness of regard, which her other friends of sterner natures could not inspire. Indeed, so sisterly was her feeling that she could have put her arms about his neck and welcomed him with kisses, without one quickening throb of the pulse. But he did not know this then, and his heart bounded with baseless hopes. Poor Blauvelt had never cherished many, and the old career, with which he had tried to be content, defined itself anew. He would fight out the war, and then give himself up to his art. He could be induced to stay only long enough to finish his breakfast, and then said: 'Strahan can tell me the rest of his story over the camp-fire before long. My mother has now the first claim, and .1 must take a* morning train in order to reach home to I night.' ? [ 'I also must go.' exclaimed Mr. Vosburgh, I looking at his watch, 'and shall have to hear [ your story at second hand' from Marian. ! Rest assured,' he added, laughing, 'it will j lose nothing as she tells it this evening.' 'And I order you. Captain Blauvelt to make this house your headquarters when you are in town,' said Marian, giving his hand a warm pressure in parting. Strahan accom panied his friend to the depot then sought his family physician, and had his wound dressed. i 'I advise that you reach your country home j soon,' said the doctor; 'your pulse is fever- i lish.' i The young officer laughed, and thought he knew the reason better than his medical ad viser, and was soon at the side of her whom he believed to be the exciting cause of his febrile symptoms. 'Oh,' he exclaimed, throwing1 himself on a lounge, 'isn't this infinitely better than a stifling Southern prison?' And he looked around the cool, shadowy drawing-room, and then at the smiling face of his fair hostess, as if there were nothing left to be desired. 'You have honestly earned this respite and home visit,' she said, taking a low chair be side him; 'and now I'm just as eager to hear your story as I was to listen to that of Cap tain Blauvelt, last night' '^No more eager?' he asked, looking wist fully*intp her face. ; 'That would not be fair,' she replied, gent ly. 'How can I distinguish between my friends, when each one surpasses even my ideal of manly action?' 'You will some day,' he said, thoughtfully. 'You cannot help doing so. It is the law of nature. I know I can never be the equal of Lane and Blauvelt' ''Arthur,' she said, jrrnvely, taking his hand, 'let me be frank with you. It will be best for us both. I love you too dearly, I admire and respect you too greatly, to be untrue to, your best interests even for a mo ment What's more, I am absolutely sure j that you only wish what is right and best for 1 me. Look intq my eyes. . Do you not see I that if your name was Arthur Vosburgh. 1 j could scarcely feel differently?- I do love i you more than either Mr. Lane or Mr. I Blauvelt. They are my friends in the truest ] and strangest sense of the 'word, but— let me tell, you i the ; truth— you have come to seem like a. younger brother... W.e mustjbe about the same age. but a'woman is always older in her f eeiiplsrS than a man: I think. I don't fsay 'this 'to claim any superiority, but to ex plain.' why j[ feel as I do.' Since -I came to know^tp'^naersjand^you— indeed. I may say-, sLoce we both' changed' 'from what we were, ipy thoughts hava followed -you in, a way thatthpy would a^hrpther. but a year or two. younger than 'myself— tSiat is, t?o far,as I can .indsre. /having Tfmfi no brother. TyoTft you understand, me?' ' =??'??'?-. 'Yes,' he replied, laughing a little ruefully, *'ap to date.' '.. .. fToj%be eontlnuea.i 