MINERS STARVING AT KLONDIKE. Vancouver (British Columbia), September 15.—Since last week interest on -the Pacific elope has turned from the Argonauts who sailed to Dyea and Skagway, and who are now with toilsome steps climbing the Chilcoot and White Passes. Ail anxiety "is now concentrated on Dawson City. Four vessels have come down from St Michael's, that lonely trading poet in Bebring Sea, and their passengers tell a tale of woe that makes people sick with fear. At this little trading post, which is just outside the Arctic circle, there are tons of provisions, but at Dawson City £20,000 will not buy fopr sacks of flour ! Desperate efforts are being made to get some of this food nip the 2,000 miles of the Yukon river, but the outlook is too terrible to contemplate. The cable will have told of the arrival in Seattle of the steamer Clevedon, with a precious cargo of gold, and it will have also related how the big stores in Dawson City have closed their doors, •and how immediate is the danger of famine. Klondike is golden, but foodleHS, and those who succumbed to the difficulties of Dyea and Skagway are to be numbered among fortunate men. THE COESE OP WHISKY. Since the Cleveland arrived, the steam schooner CI olden Shore has also come down from the north, and one of her passengers, a half- breed named Wigg, the son of a white man and an Alaskan squaw, has in a few words put the situation. He has a claim on El Dorado Greek, and on his dump is nearly £4,000. He . has left his brother up there and come down for food. He will return in the spring. When asked what drove him out of the country his lacon ic reply was ' Grub.' Then he told how he went to the 6tore of the monopoly company with a bag of gold dust, and, in . his own words, ' They turned me down.' Then he sought another store and they informed him that he could have one sack of fljur. This was in July last. 4 1 knew what that meant,' he said. ' I had been in the Yukon before when there was a shortage. I said to myself, * Get out of here quick,' and I got. I left Dawson on August 18.'' The curse of whisky is over all this talk of starvation. The two companies that carry supplies up the Yukon river from St. Michael's to Dawson City are being blamed for this. They have, during this season given up a very large amount of freight space, not to food, but to jwines and whisky. The worst instance reported is that of the steamer Alice. She was going up the river towing a barge laden with eighty tons of whisky and wines, including a quantity of champagne. There was also much food on board. Near Port Yukon, about 200 miles above Dawson, the barge grounded. The river was failing so fast that the barge bad to be relieved of her cargo. Overboard then went tons of flour, bacon, sugar, beans, and canned goods, while the eighty tons of liquor was transferred to the steamer Alice, which took it all into Dawson City. The miners when they heard of what had happened were very angry. They did not want whisky, they wished for flour; and one man even went so far as t6 propose that the next fellow who brought in even a gallon of whisky should be strung up as a warning. How serious this state of things is will be gathered when it is learned that the population of Dawson, which, after the first ruBh to the Klondike last winter, was 2,000, is now 6,000. Even if any more steamers succeed in getting up the Yukon the stores they carry will not feed the people till Christmas. And to those already on the ground must be added the people who, between now and then, will reach the camp by the trails. DIVISION OF FOOD BY MINERS. Most of the men who are now reaching Dawson City by land take in a good supply of food. In the continued arrival of these gold- seekers rests the salvation of those already there. When i a newcomer reaches Klondike now with a supply of food, he and his pack are taken in charge by the miners' committee. They take out from the pack enough food to keep the mau alive till the first supply boat can reach the diggings, and the remainder is distributed pro rata. Of course the newcomer is paid Dawson City prices for what is taken from him. Besides this awful fight against star vation, the miners are having to contend with sickness. Dawson City is not the healthiest place in Canada, and for some time past typhoid has been raging there. One can imagine what this means up there where there are no facilities for caring for invalids, and at present only one licensed doctor. More medical men are on the way there, but they must get a Government license before they can practise. "Still, it is hoped that the disease will disappear with the aid of the severe cold weather. But the cold weather brings its fears and dangers too. The problem of shelter for the winter is one that demands much solving. Fully half of the 6,000 people in Dawson are at present living in tents. They can do so during July and August, bnt with the theremometer 40 degrees below zero it fa almost impossible to lire In a canvas house. Lumber commands fabulouB prices. Logs, which in that region mean poles from four to six inches in diameter, sell from 16s to 32s.apiece in Dawson, so house building is as expensive as supplying oneself with food. The logs have to be hauled or floated fifteen miles. Wages in the mine6 are still at the old scale. Miners working in the ' holes ' get £3 a day, and skilled labor in Dawson City is paid at the same rate. The common laborer receives £2 a day, bnt there are already more of this class than are wanted. LAND IN DAWSON COSTS £25 A FOOT. It is very expensive becoming a property-holder in Dawson City. Lots where the business houses are located already sell for £25 per front foot. Cigare cost two shillings each for the very worst brand. Food has gone up in price enormously since my last letter. Potatoes are now 4s per lb, eggs 6s each, bacon 2s per lb and rising. Of course the stories of hardship and high prices that have been related have not deterred parties from going north. On the very day that the Cleveland's story of starvation was being wired to every part of the world, a steamer sailed from here with a full passenger list, and yesterday the Portland again went north from Seattle with eighty miners for St Michael's. Most of these latter will stay at the mouth of the Yukon till navigation opens next spring. They will be much better off than the people of Dawson City, for St Michael's, now a city of tents, will be of substantial log houses before the winter closes again, and will have a greater population than Skagway. There are hundreds of tons of provisions there, and no one will be in any danger of starving. More people are going to Dyea and Skagway. THE ALL-CANADIAN ROUTE. The party to which the greatest interest attaches left Vancouver this morning on the steamer Princess Louise. On that boat were twenty-five of the miners ,who had to coire hack disappointed on the steamers Bristol and Eugene last week. They ate now going to try the Stickeen-Teslin route, or the all-Canadian way of travel into the Yukon. For this route it is claimed that it can be made the most convenient, cheapest, and quickest to the Klondike. And who will make it so ? None other than the Canadian Pacific Railway Co.; so holders of 'Canpacs* are interested in this matter. The route by which it is proposed to carry the traffic to the goldfijlds will be by steamer from Vancouver to a point at the mouth of the Stickeen river, where transhipment can be made to steamers drawing so little water that they can get up to Glenora. From'Glenora it is proposed to construct a railway to Teslin Lake. Then down the Lake, up the Hootalingua river, to the Pelly river, and thence past Fork Selkirk to the Yukon itself steamers will convey passeDgers into the heart of the Klondike. Thus all the terrors of the Chilkoot and White Passes, and of the rapids further on, will be avoided, and the journey from Vnncouver-to Dawson City will be as pleasant as „ the run across Canada by the great lakes route, which only first-class passengers can take. On the Princess Louise the C.P.R. sent up one of their most experienced engineers, Mr E. J. Duchesnay, superintendent of the Kootenay division, who will ascertain the most feasible ronte to be followed. Given this route, Vancouver will become the principal outfitting point for the Klondike and the Yukon. KLONDIKE WIDOWS—THE TYPE. NEWEST The Klondike excitement lias developed a type of woman, newer than the 'new woman,' but without her aggressiveness. She is the ' Klondike widow.' There are scores of them on the Pacific slope. Mostly she is a plucky, true little wife, waiting patiently for her husband's return with Klondike nuggets. She is seen to perfection in Seattle. There some Klondike widows have given up their houses and are • boarding out,' receiving all the attention of belles, for it is no little distinction to be a Klondike widow. Haifa dozen of the most practical, and, by the way, prettiest of them have clubbed together and in one house have established a sort of Klondike widowery. A good many society dames are among the band waiting for gold and new dresses, as the excitement took clergymen from their pulpits, doctors from their painnts, lawyers from their briefs. One clergymen is purser on a steamer running to Skagway, and there are many other phases of Klondicitis. By the way this fever has spread even to the restaurants and the churches/ Thus iu Vancouver the members of the Congregational Church have given a Klondike supper, and here is the menu as advertised in a local paper :— MENU. Grizzly Bear Steak Pie. Roast Polar Bear, wi'h Bonanza Creek Grav y Wild Cat Steam Pudding. Lynx Chops. Reindeer Cutlets. Klondike Standbys, with Seal Trotters. Dyea Nuegets. Slices of Cbilcoot Mountain. SWEETS. Arctic Circle Berry Pie, Snowshoe Dumplings. Dawson City Flapjacks. Klondike Snow, with Gold Sauce. DRINKS. White Horse Rapids (hot or cold), Gold Drippings, WHAT BRITISH COLUMBIA OFFERS. But why all this excitement about Klondike when British Columbia has gold and civilisation to offer ? Last Sunday gold was discovered in the streets of Victoria, the political capital of this province, and prospectors have fouud wealth just above Vancouver. From Nelson now comes a statement that from two tons of ore £4,400 was milled. Samples show that it is telluride ore, and the mine is in the Lardeau country. Rossland mines have already shipped 50,996 tons of ore to the smelters this year, while from Kaslo, the shipments for the month of August just passed were 3,004,5111b, of the value of £25,800. During six months of this year a little narrow-gauge railway, called the Kaslo and Slocan, has hauled out 12,845 tons of ore, of the value of l,157,545dol. Old Cariboo, too, is being heard from once more. Word has to-day reached Vancouver of a big placer find on Ghost Creek, close to the place where £700 was taken out, in sixty yards, away back in the sixties. There is a great day for British Columbia coming, and though the Americans have got in on the ground floor, there is plenty of room for the English on the first floor.--'Pall Mall Gazette.' 