LITERATURE. THE NORMANS IN ITALY* It is a portentous task to unravel the tingled skein of Italian politics during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, when the Angevin kings reigned in Naples and Sicily as feudatories of the Holy See; -when there was a series of conflicting claims to unite these monarchies with that of Hun gary; when the Guelph and the Ghibelline factions were perpetually intriguing and contending at Rome and Florence; and when successive German sovereigns elected to the dignity of emperor over the Holy Roman territories found the position one of far more tribulation than honour. The author of this volume has based his work partly upon original research, and has been able to give a new complexion to certain passages of history—his rehabilitation of the character of Joan I. of Naples, for example. He has also conveniently focussed the relations of the Papacy, (then centred at Avignon) with the states and individuals, existing in a kind of impatient tolerance of clerical domination. These were curious times for that mighty church which was asserting supremacy over the sovereigns of every realm. In 1294, when Charles II. of Naples had just been released from his long, captivity, to the Aragon dynasty, the man elected to wield this enormous power was a hermit Pope, Two prelates sent to apprise the unhappy anchorite of his bewildering honours climbed with difficulty, up the rocks to the old man's cave, near Sulmona. He re cieved them with protests, which were un availing; then he tried to escape, was re captured, and conveyed by them to the plain, where he had to be threatened with Civine vengeance before his resistance was overcome. the 25th .July the quasi-imbecile Pontiff was robed in full pontifical splen dour, placed upon an ass, and surrounded by chanting choirs, and a multitude of clerics and monks. Accompanied by two kings and their magnificent cortege of nobles and magnates, he left Sulmona, and passed along her spacious valley to Aquila. On the 27th the entire population of the lat ter town came out to receive the saintly Pope who entered their city riding upon an ass: King Charles, their sovereign, hold- ing one rein, and Charles Martel, titular King of Hungary, the other." This Pope Pietro Morrone, who took the title of Celestine V., reigned but a few months. He fixed his residence at Naples, where he promptly burrowed himself into a dungeon cell in the castle, and proclaimed his intention of resigning his functions. His ambition for retirement was satisfied, for the haughty Cardinal Gaetani quickly de posed him, and reigned himself as Boniface VIII., the unhappy hermit being restored to his hair shirt, and committed to the custody of the Abbot of Monte Cassino. The audacity and arrogance of Boniface eclipsed the despotic pretentions of all for- mer pontiffs, yet he saw the dawn of an era during which the church was to be hard put to it in its struggle against the re awakened spirit of secularism. A brief but very pithy sketch is given by Mr. Haddeley of the "pre-renaissance" — that period of darkness from which the Chris tian world had just emerged. Prior to the year 1000, the universal belief of Christen- dom had been that the world would come to an end in that year, an expectation which had afflicted humanity with a disastrous blight. It seemed of no avail to consider future wants, or to treasure any embers of the ancient learning. The ignorance of the Roman clergy was such that we are told a council met in 992, of which scarcely one member knew the mere elements of letters. When the revival came, grammar and read ing preceded writing, a wide gap separating the two accomplishments, inasmuch as at the beginning of the twelfth century, of every hundred laymen who could read pro ably not more than one could write also, As to the priesthood, asceticism and celi bacy had ceased to be ideals, promiscuous profligacy being almost universal, sometimes mis-concealed, sometimes covered with a thin veil of hypocrisy. Says the author: - "A celebrated abbot of Monte Cassino, afterwards Pope Victor III., tells us that under the pontificate of Benedict IX. 1033-48), every order of clergy was openly married throughout Italy, but that the scandal reached its climax in Rome. The latter Pope himself is said to have ap peared after death to a pious man in the form of a bear, wearing the ears of a monkey, declaring that he had been con demned to expiate his former bestialities in the guise of a monster.' "Drastic measures by Popes Nicholas II. and Gregory VII. were needed to reform these abuses. The first appealed to the laity to refuse attendance at mass when it was celebrated by a priest known to keep a mistress; Gregory's iron policy was to authorise obedience to be withdrawn from all such prelates and priests. Robert, whose name gives a title to this history, was the third son of Charles II. of Naples, and his mother was the sister of the reigning Ladislaus of Hungary, hence the claims of the family to the Hungarian throne. Charles Martel was Robert's elder brother, and Charles Martel's son Carobert was engaged in making good his title to the Hungarian crown at the time the Naples throne became vacant. The young man should, strictly speaking, have inherited the kingdlom of Naples as well, but it passed, by Charles's wish and Pope Boniface's con sent, to his uncle Robert. The latter, was considered the most promising instrument for strengthening the exhausted kingdom, battling with the fragmentary Ghibelline powers and carrying on the inevitable war for the recovery of Sicily. Robert the Wise can hardly be termed a successful warrior, *Robert and his but he was an astute ruler, not destitute of craft, and an enlightened man, who gathered round him the best learning of the time. It was his lot to become the figure- head of Guelphdom in Italy, and to bring Naples into the closest intimacy with Florence. The election of Henry of Luxemburg as emperor in 1308 had the effect presently of arraying the Angevin king Robert against the empire. Henry, though the scion of a poor and second-rate house, was a prince of distinguished merit, piety, and chivalry. His election was secretly promoted by Pope Clement V. as a pis aller. The election of the dreaded Charles of Valois would have placed the Papacy helpless in the hands of Prance, therefore Clement adopted the wily course of despatching written recommenda tions of CharleB to the electors, but begging them through private agents to safeguard the church by choosing someone else. This Pope was a diplomatist. The result of his manoeuvres was a short and distracted reign for the emperor whom Mr. Baddeley appropriately calls a "crowned victim." He had to fight his way to Rome for his coronation, and even then, despairing of being able to reach the Vatican, had the ceremony performed in the Lateran. The unfortunate Henry, whose visions of earthly empire were soon to pass away, was mounted on a white mule and clad in robes of white, his yellow hair falling upon bis shoulders. The proud Cardinal of Ostia, who placed the Imperial diadem on his head, protested, in doing so, that the coro nation was unauthorised, and Henry, during the disappointing campaigns, which filled up his short reign, had to contend with an enemy in Robert the Wise, who was screened from attack by the Holy See. By a queer process, of reasoning, Robert might harass and insult the emperor to his heart's content, but the emperor, as te cally his "over-lord," might not retaliate. We read of the exiled poet Dante as the mouthpiece of the Ghibellines passionately urging the emperor to chastise the "viper" Florence, "whose fangs were turned towards the bowels of its own parent," but Henry, who had hoped to be a benefactor and peace-keeper, and had been forced into perpetual war, passed away in his camp near Sienna, with little chastisement or conquest effected. The Guelphs regarded the event as a godsend, but Italy's greatest poet "saw through his falling tears a vision of the noble Henry -seated upon a glorious throne far away, the angels placing upon his brows an immortal crown." Meanwhile, on the death of Pope Clement, King Robert pro cured the elevation of John XXII. to the pontificate. Of him it is stated that "The blood poured out by the wars he carried on in Lombardy for the joint grati fication of himself and Robert would nave crimsoned the entire lake of Constance, and that the slain would have bridged it from shore to shore." Nevertheless Robert, whose last years were passed, in a sort of religious twilight, did much to counteract the influences of a corrupt and licentious age. It is said that the offence of snatching a kiss from a woman was severely punished by a statute of his making; this at a time when the "catchpenny" was to be heard daily and nightly bawling or wailing to the accom paniment of viol or mandoline ballads of indecent passion, and when the general hardiness of character enabled ladies to listen unshockcd to almost anything. We remember, by way of example, those tales of Boccaccio, which still live as a classic. Upon this point the author says:— "A dexterous storyteller would then re late viva voce what Zola or Sarah Grand will now merely print, but the manner of narration then excited more curiosity and admiration than the matter. Boccaccio justifies his own license precisely as does the modern Parisian poet or his feeble Eng lish imitator by declaring that the style of expression subdues and crystallises the im- propriety. He did not, however, hypocriti cally add, as do his affected echoers of to day, 'To the pure all things are pure,' 'art for art's sake, &c.;, then plunge his readers up to the ears in filth, and finally shed over them a cleansing douche of fashionable tears." It was King Robert, moreover, who is sued an edict against the fantastic and effeminate modes of costume prevailing. He complained that "young men wore their hair so abundantly and so untidily that, what with bushy beards, their faces were almost concealed, thereby rendering them selves repulsive to behold, and showing themselves ungrateful to their Creator." Like St. Bridget of Sweden, 30 years later, he inveighed also against the indecency of the costumes adopted by stout as well as by thin persons, young and old. To his eldest granddaughter Joan, then only 18 years of age, Robert bequeathed his dominions, including Provence, Forcal quier, most of Piedmont, the unrestored island of Sicily, and the regal title of Jeru salem. Her husband, Andrew, was but 16, and was not to reign jointly. Maria, Joan's younger sister, a mere child, was abducted by the Duke of Durazzo, and secretly married, to prevent her wedding, as was in tended, one of the Hungarian branch of the family. Petrarch, in view of the youthful- ness of the queen and her consort, wrote, "Methinks I see two lambs confided to the guardianship of a herd of wolves." Of Andrew's confessor, Fra Roberto, the Men dicant, he gave a remarkable picture:— "I was admitted to the deliberations of the two queens (Joan and the Queen dowa ger, Sancia). Ah! What infamy; what abomination! I encountered a deformed creature, barefooted, hoodless, vainglorious in his poverty, degenerate, through his sensuality. In fact; a homunculus, bald and rubicund, with bloated limbs, wrapped in a sordid garment, and, as it were, expressly in rags, who, as if enthroned in self-con- scious sanctity, insolently laughed to scorn all advices, even those of the sovereign Pontiff." We obtain incidentally graphic sketches of the Court and fashionable life of Naples, including those games of but- chery called the damnosum ludum, of which Petrarch writes:— "The place is called 'Carbonara'—name truly.appropriate to.its associations. I be took myself thither one day. The queen and the boy-King Andrew were present. Such an illustrious gathering raised my ut most expectations, when behold, as if for some particularly joyous event, a shout of univereal applause rose to the sky. I turned my gaze, and lo! a most comely youth transfixed by a pitiless blade had fallen at my very feet. I shuddered, stupefied. Then giving spurs to my steed, and reproving the guile of my comrades, the brutality of the lookers-on, as well as the folly of the com batants, I turned my back upon the fiendish spectacle." The glimpse afforded of the Tribune Rienzi, whose great stroke occurred at Rome in 1347, is scarcely so flattering as some por traits of the Liberator, or, as he called him self, the "Harbinger of the Holy Ghost." Mr. Baddeley opines that had the petty vanity of Rienzi not been fatally puffed up with the amazing success of his designs Italy might have been spared much of the ravage that ensued. . At the crisis of his fate also Rienzi is frankly accused in the words of Gibbon of childish timidity and ir resolution. The liberator of Rome and Italy trembled before a handful of Hun garian lances, and he fled when by a little determination he could easily have van quished his opponents. Queen Joan the writer sturdily defends as neither cruel, abandoned, nor irreligious, as convention ally represented. She is pronounced also upon seemingly sound evidence guiltless of all complicity in the murder of her boy-hus band, Andrew. This unfortunate Prince, after his Queen had retired one evening, was in the act of "divesting himself for the night,' when he was enticed by a messenger into the garden, and there gagged and strangled, his body being discovered a little later by his Hungarian nurse. Joan could not have loved very spontaneously a hus band who had not been selected by herself, and whose advisers had been for years past trying through him to invade her rights. But there is nothing to connect her with the crime, although it has been used to blacken her reputation, and it is mentioned by this writer that Andrew's faithful nurse re mained in the personal service of Joan after the tragedy, Joan's invincible courage en abled her to bear up against this, and many other misfortunes, including Papal frowns, and she lived to see her second husband, Louis of Taranto, accomplish the recovery of Sicily from the Aragonese, an enterprise which for seventy years had baffled her pre decessors. 