ODI) VOWS. Tlie annals of chivalry abound in records at vow, mom or loss romantic or absurd. For instance, Queen Joan of , Naples, at a grand feaat at her castle of Garto, honoured tho Knight Galnnzzo of Mantua by opening the bait with lilm. Whon tho danoe was fiuiahed tho grateful knight kneeled down befuro his royal partner, end to fitly express bis acknowledg ment of tho honour he had reocived, bo took a solemn vow to wauder through the world, visit ing every country whero fasts of arms wcro performed, and not rest nutil he bad subdued two 'valiant knights, and prescutod them as pyisoners at hiB Quoon's'fontstool,to bo disposed of at her royal pleasure. The doughty warrior, after a year spent in wandering all over Gorone. returned and brought his two prisoners to tha Queen. She took the gift very grseefully, and, the admiring historian tells as, declined Iter right to impasa rigorous conditions ou liei captives, and gave them liberty without ransom. Whether they properly punished Sir Galeszza for his interference with their perianal rights we sro not told. Some regard a vow. as a rnsl raining bond of a very elastic character, especially when it inter feres with their desires. Benedick, whon ho found his vow of oolihaey too great a strain upon him in tho proseneo of his Beatrice's charm#, disposes of it fearlessly end finally with tho plea : " When I said I would dio a baoholor 1 did not think I should live till I wore mnrricd.'' Often wo hnvo the letter of the vow evaded with aomo special rencouing, and tho spirit then broken with impunity, For instance, a modern Rip Van Winkle vowed that ho would never drink another drop of liquor ae long as he had hair on his hoed. A few hours later be wee met coming out of a bather's shop with a shaven poll.; Damsels in lovo often make strange vow,. We all remember the case of poor Miss Harris- ham, iu Diukens's story, who was so overcome by her lover's failure to appear at tha wedding that she ordered everything in tha house to ba unchanged as it had been pleoed on that hap less day. Years weut by, and tha wedding least remained set on the table, the rich cokes mouldered and tvero eaten by tho mice, wbilo tha poor, half-demented lady flitted in end nut of tho decor tod rooms of the houso'liko a ghost, always wearing the white dress and veil which she had put on to woluomo tho faithless love, who never oumo. A Bimilar esse to this was that of a lady of high rank in Guglsnd, who, being jilted byl lutr loyer, went to bed and vowed she wouliT' never get up again, and kept her word for 23 years. .A less excusable ease than this war' that of a man who, finding that his wife waf disposed to demand too much hard work from him, took to his boil and stayed there. For 23 years this worthlesa fellow stayed between tho sheets, while his wife waited on bint and fed him with persistent devotion. Vows of perpetual silence are numerous, the onlytroublo being that those who need this vow must do not tako it. A Miss Caroline, ia 1640, vowed that she would never apoak another word tu any human being, beeanse she bad o quarrel with her lovur. For 35 yean, until the day of her death, she waa never known to utter a word. Borne years ago throe sisters lived together. Two of them quarrelled and vowed never to speak to each other again. They did not speak for over 20 years, when one of them died, the other rof using to speak to her eren on her death-bed. Mother (sternly) : Why did yon tell '-that lie to tho teacher-? Johnny: To save some body from punishment. Mother (mollified) : I knew thore must be some extenuating eirenm- stances. Who wss it you wished to auvo fiom i nunisbment f Jubuuv : M vhI £, 