[?] The Christian." , BY HALL CAINE, Atmion of "The Manxman." SECOND BOOK.— THE RELIGIOUS LIFE. ; XIX. "The Priory— May Day. "Dear Auntie Rachel,— The great evening is over! Such dresses, such diamonds— you never saw the like! ' The smart folks are just like other human beings, and I was not the tiniest bit afraid of them. My own part of the programme went off pretty well, I think. Mr. Koenig had -arranged the har monics, accompaniments and symphonies of some of our old Manx songs, so I sang 'Mylecliaraine,' and they listened and chip ped, and then 'Ny ICirree fo Niaghtey,' and they cried (and so did I), and then I imita ted Some work girls singing in the streets, and they laughed and laughed until I laughed too, and then they laughed because I was laughing, and we all laughed together. It was over and done before I knew where I was, and everbodv was covering me with — well, no, not kisses, as grandfather used to do, but the society equivalent— ices and jel- ' lies, which the gentlemen were rushing about wildly to get Jot me. ' '.'But all this is as nothing compared to \- what is to happen next. I mustn't whisper a word about, it yet, so false face must bide what the false heart dotli know. You'll have to forgive me if I succeed, for nothing is wicked in this world except failure, you know, and a little sin must be a great virtue if it hns grown to be big enough, you see. There! How sagacious of me! You didn't know what a philosopher you had in the family, did you, my dears? "It is to be on the 21th. May. That will be- the -Queen's birthday over again; and when I think of all that has happened since the last one, I feel as romantic as a school girl, and as sentimcntnl as a nursery maid. Naturally I am in a fearful flurry over the whole affair, and, to tell the truth, I have hied me to the weird sisters on the subject; that is to say, I have been to a for tune teller and spent a 'goolden' half sove reign. on the creature nt one fell swoop. But she predicts wonderful things for me, so I am satisfied. The newspapers are to blaze with my name, I am to have a daz zling success and become the idol of tlie hour, all of which is delightful and entranc ing, nnd quite reasonable at. the money. Grandfather will reprove me for tempting Providence, and of course John Storm, if he knew it, would say that I shouldn't do such things under any circumstances; yet to tell me I oughtn't to do this and I oughtn't to do that is like saying I oughtn't to have red hair and I oughtn't to cateli the meas les. I can't help it 1 I can't help it !. so what's the good of breaking one's heart about it? "But I had not got to wait for what related to the newspapers. You must know, dear Aunt Rachel, that I did meet Mr. Drake at the house of the Home Secretary, and he introduced me to a Misa Rosa Macqunrrie, who is no longer very young or beautiful, but a dear for all that ! and she, being a journalist, lias bruited my praises abroad, with the result that ail the . world is ringing with my virtues. Listen, all men and women, while I sound mine own glory out of a column as long as the Duke of York's:- 'She is young and tall, and has auburn hair' (always thought it was red myself) , 'and large grey eyes, one of which seems at a distance to he brown' (it squints), 'giving an effect of humor nnd coquetry and power rarely, if ever, seen in any other face. . . Her voice has startling' varieties of tone, being at one moment soft, cooing and liquid, and at another wild, weird nnd plaintive, and her.face, which is not strictly beautiful' \- (Oh!) but striking' and unforgettable, has an extraordinary range of expression. . . . She sings, recites, speaks, laughs and cries (literally), .and some of her selections are given in a sort of Irish paton' (Oh, my .. beloved Manx!) 'that comes from her girlish lips with charming vivacity and drollncss.' All of whiclt, though it is quite right, and no more than my due, of course, made me sob bo long and loud that my good little hippo potamus came upstairs to comfort me, but finding me lying on the floor, lie threw up his hands and cried, 'Ach Gott! I taught it vns a young lady, but vhatevcr is it?" "Yet wae's me! Sometimes I think how many poor girls there must be who have never had a chance, while I have had so many and such glorious ones; who cannot get anybody to listen to them, while I am so pampered and praised; who live in nar row alleys and serve in little "dark shops where men and men-things talk to them as they can't talk to their sisters and wives, . while I am held aloft in an atmosphere of . admiration and respect; who earn their bread in clubs and easinoes, where they breathe the air of the hotbeds of hell, while I am surrounded by everything that ennobles and refines! .0 God, forgive me if I am a vain presumptuous creature, laughing, at everything and everybody, and sometimes forgetting thafmnny a poor girl who is being tossed about in London is just as good a girl as I am, and as clever and as brave! "But hoot! 'I likes to be jollyandJ alius is.' So Aunt Anna doesn't like this Wan dering Jew existence! Well, do you know I nlwaj-s thought I should love a gipsy life. It has a sense of movement that must be delightful, nnd then I love going fast. Do you remember the days when 'Caesar' used to take the bit in his teeth and bolt with me! Lo, there was little me, cross-legged on his bare back, with nothing to trust to but Providence and a pair of rope reins; but, oh my! I couldn't breathe for excite ment and delight! Dear old maddest of created 'Caesars,' I feel as if I were whack ing at him yet! Whnt do you think of me? But we 'that be females are the same cray- thurs alwis,' as old Chaise used to say, nnd what a woman is in the cradle she' continues to bo to the end. There again! I wonder who told you that, young lady! - "But to tell you the truth at last, dear Aunt Rachel, there is something I have kept back until now, because I couldn't bear the thought of any of you being Anxious on my account, especially grandfather, who thinks of Glory so much too often as- things are. Can't you guess what it is? I couldii t help taking up my life of' Wandering Jew, be cause I was dismissed from the hospital! Didn't you understand that, my dears? I thought I was telling you over nnd over again. Yes, dismissed as unfit to be a nurse, nnd so I was, according to tlie order of the institution first, and human love and pity last. But all's well that ends well, you know, and now tliat my wanderings seem to beovernnd I am in my right place at length, I feel like one who is coming out of a long imprisonment, a great peril, a darkness deeper even than John Storm's cell. And if I ever become a famous womnn, and good men will listen to me, I will tell them to be tender and m'ereiful to poor girls who are trying to live in London nnd be good and strong, and that the tine chivalry is to band themselves together against the men who are selfish and cruel and impure. Oh, this great, glorious; devilish, divine London! It must stand to the human world as the seeth ing, boiling, bubbling waters of Niagara do to tlie world of nature. Either a girl floats over its rapids like a boat, and in that case she draws her breath and thanks God, or she is tossed into its whirlpool like a dead body nnd goes round and round until she finds the vortex and is swallowed up! " There ! I have blown off my steam, and now to business. Mr. Drake is to give a luncheon party in liis rooms on the 24th, in honor of my experiment, but the groat event itself will not come off until nearly half-past 0 that night. By that time the sun will have set over the back of the sea at Peel, the blnckbird will have given you his last ' guy- smook,' and all the world will be dropping asleep. Now, if you'll only re member to say just then, God bless Glory!' I'll feel strong and big and brave. "Your poor, silly, sentimental girlie, " GLORY." CHAPTER XX. Some weeks lind passed, and it was the morning of the last day of John Storm'B residence at Bisliopsgatc-street. After call ing the brotherhood, the Father had entered John's room and was resting on the end of the bed. " You are quite determined to leave us ?" lie said. John answered firmly but respectfully, "Quite determined, Father." " You arc of the same mind, as at Eas ter?" "Precisely the same." "Then this is the last time I am to call you?" "Yes." The Father sighed deeply and said in broken sentences, "Our iiouse is passing through terrible trials, my son. Perhaps we did wrong to come here. There is no cross in our foundations, and we have built on a worldly footing. 'Unless the Lord build -the house.' ... It was good of you to delay at my request the execution of your purpose, but now that the time has come. ... I had set my heart on you, my son. I am an old man now. and some thing of the affection of the natural father " John Storm hnd reached for the old man's hand. "Father, if you only knew " "Yes. yes; I know, I know. You have suffered, and it is not for ine to rcproaclt you. The novitinte has its great joys, but it has its (went trials also. Self has to be got rid of, fnith has to be exerted, obedience has to bo learned, nnd above all, the heart lias to be detached from its idols in the world— a devoted mother, it may lie; a dear sister; perhaps a dearer one still." There was silence for n moment. John's head was down; lie could not spenk. "It is not for me to prolie tlie heart that does not reveal itself to its spiritual father. That you wish to return to the world only shows that you came before you heard the call of God. Some, other voice seemed to sneak to you, and you listened and thought it was God's voice. But God's voice will come to you yet, nnd you will hear it and answer it and not another. . . . Hnve you anywhere to go to when you leave this house? "Yes, the home of a good woman. I hnve written to her— I think she will receive me." "All that you brought with you will be returned, and if you want money- — " "No, I came to you as a beggar— let me leave you as a, beggar too." "There' is one tiling more, my son." , "What is it, Father?" The old man's voice was scarcely audible. "You. are breaking obedience by leaving us before the end of your novitiate, and the community must separate itself from you as from one who lias violated his vow nnd cast himself off from grace. Tliis will have to be done before you cross our threshold. It is our duty to the brotherhood; it is nlso our duty to God. You understand that?" "Yes." : "And will be prepared for it?" "Yes." "It . will be in the church -a few minutes before midday service." "Yes." . . all?"e 1?at'ler ro8e to g0, "Then that is —"Yes, that is all.". , The Father's voice was breaking. Good-bye, my son. . . "Good-bye, -Father— and God bless yob!" \- A leather, trunk which lie had brought _with him on . the day he came to the brotherhood was returned to: his -room/con taining the clothes he had worn in the outer world as well as lus purse and watch and other belongings, lib die3scd lnmsclt in his habit as a secular priest, and put tlie cassock of the society over it, for he tiiat to remove that must be part ot the ordeal of his expulsion. llicn the bell rang for breakfast, nnd he went down to the refectory. .... ., The brothers received htm in silence, hardly looking up as he entered. Never theless, by their, furtive glances he coulu plninly see that he was the only subject that occupied their thoughts. _ \\\ hen the meal was over he tried to mingle among them that he might say farewell to as many as were willing that he should do so. Some gave him their hands with prompt good- will, some avoided liiin, nnd some turned their backs on him altogether. But if his reception in the refectory was chilling, his welcome to the courtyard was warm enough. At the first sound of his footstep on the paved way the dog came from his quarters under the sycamore. Une moment the creature stood and looked at him with its sad nnd blood-shot eyes, then .with a bound it threw its fore paws 911 his breast, and then plunged and pitched around him nnd uttered deep bays that were like the roar of thunder. lie sat on the seat and caressed the dog, and his heart grew full and happy, llic morning was bright with sunshine, the, air was Iragrant with the flowers of spring, and birds were singing and rejoicing 111 the tree. ' Presently Brother .'Andrew came and sat beside, liiin. .The lay brother, like a human dog,, had, been ..following liim about all morning, and. now in his feeble way lie be- gnii to talk of his mother, and to wonder 11 John would over see her. 1-Ier name was Pineiter, and she was a good woman, She lived in Cook-lane, Crown-street, Soho, nnd kept house for liis brother, who was a pawnbroker. But his brother, poor fellow, was much given to drinking, and perhaps that had been n reason why lie himself had left home. John promised to call 011 her, and then Brother Andrew began to cry. The sprawling features of lite groat fellow were almost laughable to look upon. The bell rang for terce. Whilst the brothers were at prayers, John took his last look over the house. Willi the dog at liis heels— tlie old thing seemed resolved to lose sight of him no more— lie passed slow ly through the hall nnd into the commun ity' room and up the stairs and down the top corridor. He looked again at every inscription . on the walls, though he knew them all by heart and bad read them a hundred times. When he came to his own cell he was touched by a strange ten derness. The place where lie had thought so much, prayed so much, suffered so mucli- it was dear to him after all! He went up on to the roof. How often lie had been drawn there as by a devilish fascination! The great city looked innocent enough now under its mantle of sunlight, dotted over with green; but how dense, how difficult! Then tbo bell rang for midday service, though it was not yet 110011, and lie went down to the hall. The brothers were there already, making ready to go into the church. The order of the procession was the same as on the day of his dedication, except that Father Paul was no longer with , them— Brother Andrew going first with the cross, then tlie lay brothers, then tlie religious, then the Father, and John Storm last of all. Though tlie courtyard was full of sun shine, tlie ehurcli looked dark and gloomy. Curtains Were drawn across the windows, and the altar was draped as for a death. As soon as'Uhc brothers had taken their places in the clioir the Father stood on the altar steps and said : "If any member of this community hns one unfaithful thought of going back to the outer world I charge him lo come lo this altar "now. But woe to 'him through whom the offence comctli! Woe to him who turns back after taking up tlie golilen plough!" John was kneeling in liis place in the second row of the choir. The eyes ol the community were upon him. lie hesitated a moment, then rose and stepped up to the altar. "My son," said the Father, "it is not yet too late. I see your fate as plainly as I see you now. Shall I tell you what it is? Clin you bear to hear it? I sec you going out into 11 world which hn3 nothing to satisfy the cravings of your soul. I sec ypu fore doomed to failure and suffering and despair. I see you coming back to us within a year with a broken nnd bleeding heart. I see you taking tlie vows of life-long consecration. Can you face tligt future?" "I must." '"There is no help for it," said the Father, and taking a book from the altar lie read tlie awful service of the degradation: — "By the authority of God Almighty, Father (X), Son and Holy Ghost, and liy our own authority, we the members of the Society of the Ifoly Gcthscmnitc do take away from thee the habit of our Order and depose nnd degrade and deprive thee of ail rights nnd privileges in the spiritual goods nnd prayers which, .by the grace of God, are done among us." "Amen! Amen!" said the brothers. During tlie reading of the service John had been kneeling. Tlie Father motioned to him to rise and proceeded to remove tlie cord with which he had bound him nt liis consecration. When this was done he sig nalled to Brother Andrew to take off tlie cassock. The bell was tolled. The Father dropped to his knees. The brothers, hoarse and liusky, began to sing In Exilu Israel de Acgypto. Their heads were down, their voices seemed to come up out of the earth. It was all over now. John Storm turned about, hardly nble to see liis way. Brother Andrew went before him to open the door of the sacristy. Tlie lay brother was cry ing audibly. The sun was still shining in the court yard, nnd the birds were still singing and rejoicing. The first thing of which John was conscious was that the dog was licking his rigid fingers. A moment later lie was in the little covered passage to the street, nnd Brother Andrew was opening the iron gate. "Good-bye, my lad.". He stretched out his hand, then rcmcm- bered that lie ivns an excommunicated man. and tried to draw it back, but the lay brother had snatched at it and lifted it to lus hps. The dog was following him into the street. "Go back, old friend." He patted the old creature on the head." and Brother Andrew laid hold of it by tlie neck. A hansom was waiting' for him with his trunk' on the top. "Victoria Squnre, Westminster," he called The cab was moving off when there was a growl and a lurch— tlie dog had broken nwny and was running after it. crowded the streets were! How Wleafeniiig wns the traffic! The church bel' was ringing; for midday service. What' a tlun tinkle it made out there, yet how dcen was its boom within! Stock Exchange men with their leisurely activity were going in by Uicir seven doorways to their great counting house in Capcl Court-. „ lie began to feel n boundless relief. How lus heart was beating! With what a strange nnd deep emotion lie found himself onco more in the world! Driving in the dense and devious thoroughfares was like sailing 011 a cross sen outside a difficult headlancn lie could smell the brine and feel the flick of the foam on ins lips and checks. It uas ''l?cfingt anxious about the dog, lie drew up the cab for a moment. The fa.tl.fu creature was running under tlie driver 8 r the cab could start ngam a lme of Bimdu ich men bad passed hi front of it Their boards contained one word only. The -noid Mas GHeTnw it, yet it barely arrested liis con sciousness. Somehow it seemed like an echo from the existence lie had lett uc '"'The noises of life .were as m"'"® '-1!1'8 veins now. He was burning with impa tience to overtake his arrears of to sec what the world had gone through .111 his absence. Leaning over the door of the hansom, lie rend the names of the streets and the signs over the shops, and tried to identify tlie houses which had been .rebuilt mid the thoroughfares which had been al tered. But the pnst was tiie past, and lite clock would turn back for 110 man. Ihese men nnd women in the streets Knew all that had happened. The poorest beggar on the pavement knew more than he did. Nearly a year of -liis life was gone-m prayer, in -.penance, m fasting, 111 visions. 111 dreams— dropped out, left ' behind and Going by the bank, the cab drew up again to allow a line of omnjbuses to pass into Chcunside. Every omnibus had its board for advertisements, and nearly c\eiy board contained the word lie liad seen before- G'Oniv the name of some music hall singer," I10 told himself. .'But the name had begun to trouble liim. It had stirred the fibres of memory, and made him think of the past— of liis yacht, of l'cel, of lus father, and linnlly of Glory— and again of Glorj— and yet again of Glory. He saw that ilngs were flying 011 the Mansion House nnd on the bank, and push ing 'up the trap of tlie hansom, he asked it anything unusual was going on. ' "Lawd, down t ye know what (lay it is terdnv, sir? It's the ole lycdy s birthday. 'Hint's why all the winiming s going alinrt in their penny carridges. Been through a illness, sir?" , „ "Yes, something of that sort. "Thort so, sir." , When the cab started afresh he began to tell himself what he was going to do 111 the future. He was going to work among the poor and the outcast, the oppressed and the fallen. He was going to search for them and find them in their haunts of sm and misery. Nothing was to be too mean for I11111. No thing was to be common or unclean. No matter about his own honor. No matter it lie was only one man in a million! llie kingdom of heaven was like a gram of mus tard seed. ... , , , , t. 1. When he came within sight of St. 1 niu s the golden cross on the dome was flashing like a fiery finger in the lilnze of the mill- dav sun. Tlint was the true ensign! Hint was the great example! It was a monstrous ami wicked fallacy, a gloomy and narrow formula, that religion had to do with the affairs of the eternal world only. Work was religion! Work was prayer! Work was praise! Work was the love of man and the glory of God! Glorious gospel! Great and deathless symbol. Book.) 