A HASTY MARRIAGE. CHAPTER XXXV. ' I AM FREDERICK THORNTON'S WIFE.' ' How foolish I am to be agitated nt the name — Frederick,' thought Doris, recovering her coni posure by a violent effort, 'Of course, there is more than one ' Frederick' in the world.' '?' — ' Are you ill, child ? Why, you are as white as a ghost.' ' No, I am not ill/' replied Doris. 'I was only a sudden pain at my heart. Pray, go on. I am listening to your story”. And the old nurse did go on with the strange lives. ' As I was Saying,”' she continued, '?' the whole family of the rich banker was very grateful for the excellent care I had taken ot handsome Mr, Frederick, and I grew to know them well — so well that when I was transferred from the Baltimore to the New York hospital, I stopped a week at their beautiful home. And it was then that I heard the tragic story that has darkened poor Mr. Frederick's life ever since the hour of that fatal sickness.' Doris was beginning to feel strangely interested in the narrative. She could not tell why. ' I told you of the blank in poor Mr. Frederick's mind when be left the hospital,' the nurse con tinued, 'of something which ho felt had escHped from his memory, try hard aa he would to recall it. He could not even remember what had brought him -to Baltimore, or why he was there.' ' Yob, you told that before,' said Doris, impatient at the repetition. ' Upon thac hioges the tragedy which followed,' unswered the nurse, wiping a tear from her oye with her long white apron, 'Poor Mr. Frederick wont back to hia home, and hib mother and Biatei'B und hia old aweetnuurt;, who was visiting there, gave the idol of the family a royal welcome. It wub almoBt like having him back from the grave he had been ao near the bordurd of eternity. ' This eweotheart wob a pretty, dark-eyed girl, who thought a heap of Master Frederick, and the great fuss Bho madu over hia return flattered hia vanity, of uouree. He never know before quite how much Bhe cared for him. ' When ne asked her to marry him, and Bhe consented, nothing could have pleased his family more, ' Tho day was set for the wedding [ the bride'fe trosaeau was ordeted; the invitations for the grand wedding wore given out, and the day sit for the marriage was fast drawing near. Then suddenly, and without warning, the strangest event hap poned that ever happened in any young man's life. ' One evening, while walking with his sweet heart, he waa suddenly confronted by a young and beautiful girl, who claimed him as her husband.' A great gaup broko from Doris's white lips j but the old nurse, not heeding it, went on elowly : ' The young girl Maimed him, crying out that she had tracked him down at last— the young husband who hud married her, and had deserted her almost at the vorv altar.' Again that horrible gasp broko from Doris's lipa, and waa unnoticed. Doris tried to speak, to ory out, but the words died away in her throat. The room, the green treoB outside the window and the face of the old nurse eeemod whirling around her j and through it all, as if shrieked out, ttumpet tongued, upon tho still air, /she could hear, every word that was uttered. ' Then, in a flash— that which Mr. Frederick had tried so hard all in vain to recall when he recovered from Mb dangerous illness, came lack to him. And it struck him dumb with horror. ' It was quite true. He had married the lovely young girl, bringing her to Baltimore on tboir wed ding tnpj and stepping out to get a cigar, the terrible accident occurred whioh laid him up for long weeks in the hospital, And, oh, tho pity of it! Think of it! — picture it ! When he had recovered, it wub with a strange blank in his mind. He had forgotten the exigence, of the fair young brido he had brought to Baltimore — forgot his marriage and all connooted with it. And it was all the more piti ful bucauuo it had been a suoret one. Even his relatives knew nothing of it. 'Before ho could find voice, in hiB horror, grief, and amazement, to explain this to tho young brido who believed herself bo cruelly deserted, and had traoked him down, finding him about to wod another, she had fled, and — ' The rest of the sentence never waa finished. With the) wildest cry that aver waa heard, Doris aprang from the oouah and eank dawn in a dead faint ut the old nurse's foot. In an instant she bad raieod the slim, girlish figure in bur strong arms, and laid her on the couch again. Bho lost no timo in administering restoratives, and soon the lovely blue cyeB flared opon, and they restod on tho old uu rue's face j thero was a gloom bo strangely bright in them, that Mrs, Linwood, tho old nuroe, waa quite frightened. With a grout sob Doris struggled up to a sitting posture and caught eagerly at the old nurse's iiuudH. ? ' Was it a dream P' she oriod, incoherently. ' Toll mo — wbb it a drpamP' ' Was what a dream, my dnar P' asked the old uuvso, in a puzzled wonder, looking in affright at tbo ffirl'ti flushed face. ' ' ' ' Thut it wus fate that separator Froderiok and me!' gaipod -Doris. 'That he did not moan to desort me eo heatttcBsly! Oh, there has been a most horrible mistake — a mistake that has wracked two lives I' she cried out, incoherently. 'Ltaton, nursoi' alio cried, vehemently, ' lam thnt most unhappy bride who wotldod Prodoriok Thornton seorntly, and oatno with him to Balti tnoro, and who had every roassa to believe that he had wilfully desortnd me.' ' lrou /' oriod tho old nurse, in tho greatest nmnzument. - . * ?? ? . ' Yon, I,' rnpoatod Doris, Bobbing as though hnr heart; would break.. ' It must havo bean the hand of fata that led mo to you,,nui'ae, nnd prompted you to rovoal to.rae xTrnderiok'Thoriiton/s story1.1 '.' And ohl tho joy of knowing ho nover meant to bofalso tamo! Oh, nurso, nureo, those words havd mado iuo well 1' . ? '???.'. Mrs. Ltnwood almost bolievod it, as sho looked at the girl's beautiful, fluahad face, und hbr oyoe bright (IB stars, ' Long and earnestly the old nurao and Doris talked tho iiinttor dvort and Doris told hur all of her pitiful story, from beginning to ond. ? . 'Now tbafc you know all, nurBO,' she aobbocl, faintly, ' what would you advine mo to' do P' . Oh, how onijeriy, wintfully tho lovely blue eyas scanned the wrinkled faco of thu oldnurBO nho had sav«d Fredorioli'd lifo, ? Mrs. Lin wood took tho Httlo whlfco trombllng hands in hor own, and fltullod down into,the engor, lovoly young f/ioe. , ' ' ' . ' Thorp ia but one thing to Bay, my doar,' ? aho anuworod. slowly, 'and that is— to go baok to your husband.' , ?.' ' .-.' -,.;. . ' ', , Dotia drow baolc wif,h a niiddon blush, 1 ? 'Nay, nay j do not let falBo modoaty standbe fcwean')ydu now,' shooounuellod. '? ' You aro hia latvftilly tvaddod wifo 1 and a wife's place ia by hor huabnud'a aide,' . ?' . - '-?-!.? ' . ' - ? 'OH, nurao, if you would but rand for Frederick to oouio to mo, . 'tolling him all,' Bobbod DorJB, hid ing hor lovely faon on tho whlto, r 11 (Hod pillow. ' I know a butter wiiy/Vdualnrcd Mrs. Lin wood, 'As soon an you aro Rtrong onough to 'stand tbo lltfclo journoy I will tako you to hlui. Ho is now at Thornton Villn,' nho anaworqd. ' (To 60 conlinuod.) ? '.???? 