Thomas Jarvis Inter viewed. On. Thursday afternoon our represen tative made his way to the -humble' home of Mr.' Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown- lane, Ultimo. Pie was discovered nurs ing; a two-year-old- baby, and his face . uiiiL- lu us uue ui me nappies! men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale, and hearing 1 still the marks of a critical illness, arid a period of pain, U was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an oppor tunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." "Plow long were you suffering?" '"Well, twelve months ago I got so had that I had to LEAVE OFF WORK, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-, street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet- at the Glebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" . "Simply indescribable.' The pains were something terrible.. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a SAW WERE CUTTING MY BONES in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. How ever, he gave me an order to the Direc tor of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well In bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for live or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxia, a disease of the spinal cord, character ised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movement's. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) "Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describ ing the cure effected in the case of an other boiler- maker in England, which I read in the 'Australian Workman,' by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial, any way, and SENT FOR A BOX. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had l'or many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am gradu ally, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. ' You see, I am rapidly regaining my strength." "Pie is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. "The Pink Pills have SAVED I-IIS LIFE, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked 10 years younger that day than he did a fortnight previ ously, "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a bollermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am BETTER TO-DAY than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my. life.. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of OPIUM and MORPHIA pills which the doctor gave me. to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My be ing about again lias caused quite a sen sation out here." Such Is tills remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief nowspapers of this country of the as tonishing cures wrought by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People.. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many dis orders which arise from an impoverish ed state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow' complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; 