SOCIALITIES. BYDNBY TOPICS. -THF r.VR.KTFUL FODBTH. J uUourth passed off J. qntely fn 1 municipal elections w&e; going f ' ,s not till the evening, when the "Zc awaited, that the streets were L The polling arrangements gene ts satisfactory, especially consider ,7, new experiment was being tried. oVoin South Australia the whole 's ',;:ag jj'caled as one constituency for 1hc Upper House, but since that '" uas abandoned so large an elecfcor nowhere been adopted in Australia. Cardinal applied to be allowed to have linear* i" t',e polling-booths, but the rnmcnt could not possibly grant him a without making the same concession 11 the other candidates, and as there 1400 polling-places, and 49 candidates, ould have been simply impossible to provision for the claims that might, , been sent in. The Cardinal claimed candidates had a legal right to have tineers, but the Government is cer v under no obligation to provide ac flodation for them. As it was, all par Vere treated alike, and there was no nd for complaint. There has not been spit-ion breathed that the election was conducted fairly. It has always been custom for voters to scratch out the PS of the candidates for whom they did wish to vote. But with 49 names on list it was thought that to scratch out ould lead to great delay in the voting in the counting. As it was, the voting not speedy, and one hesitant and mnch icratiiip voter is said to have occupied linules in making 10 crosses against his en 10 names. Most people, as advised he papers, made their selection before I, and took with them a list duly ted, which they simply had to copy. It difficult thing, however, to change the oms of a people, and it was expected the alteration in the method of mark the ballot-papers would give rise to a t many informal votes. But this was so, which speaks something for the ad of popular education. Notwilh- j ding the reiterated instructions by the spapers, one loyal Catholic in a Blue j ntain village plumped for the Cardinal, J doubtless went away proud of his feat ie had time to boast of it and be told is blunder. Another, who was duly irarned on this matter, but who could ler read nor write, aBked to be shown same of the Cardinal, and having duly e a cross against it began at the bottom be list and marked off nine names, lly ignorant and indifferent as to whom vas voting for. But these things are ily curiosities. Taken as a whole, the ore understood the system, and worked tisfactorily. A great many persons had icted that it would be chaos, but it was ing of the kind. Everything worked >thly, and on the whole the system has nended itself. The speaking at the ings has been generally of a higher r than at the usual Parliamentary elec i. Localism was out of the way for a , and high polities were in the ascen thk rorin.AR PREFERENCES. e figures will have to be studied long carefully before all their significance closed, but even a cursory glance gives -al important indications. It is esti h1 that about 148,000 electors voted, of these thousands and tens of thou s had never seen or heard the candi 6 wlium thev patronised. Men have willy been elected on the strength of r general reputation. During the last th it has been thought that to iucrease chance a candidate must go about and and many of them have diligently so. Hut it would not seem that this iad the expected result. The most ro table illustration is, of course, the case ie speaker, Sir J. 1\ Abbott, who left Tnsumnian trip, and neither addressed eting nor gave a statement of his E> ai,d yet he waB elected. Mr. Drunker, hardly spoke out of his own electorate, of course, he had the advantage of ' a Minister, Mr. Walker did very speaking, but, on the strength of his cial experience, he was been awarded ice. Messrs. Ashton and MiHen, two .cratio members, who, holding very 1 the same opinions, ran in couples, i great deal of talking, and were re everywhere very well, yet Mr. Ash °"ly comes eleventh on the rejected while his companion, Mr. Millen, is j ninth on the same list, co here was e where an equal quantity of speaking J1011 of the same views to the same produced very different remits. ^ he labour members, their campaign he best organised of any, and yet utterly failed. Mr. M'Gowen, the Par n ary louder of the party, had a good » polling nearly 42,000 votes. But a 8rt>at many persons voted for him reprosentatjre man, thinking it only ' lf '1K Party should have a spokea only two or three labour members n put up it is probable thattwo would I et" rolurncd. IJut when they put ' 311 announced that there was to be niproniiue or concession, they turned ' ^'Wishers against them. The fiRth of the labour party is to be In the support givefi to Mr. Fer < who polled over 21,000 vote* The . could not have been so well dia ls* ;T-11 ,was claimed that they were, tnuM C ,ear t*lat the labour vote was f AR^ UP- Only at the Barrier, 4 laWvlX.T13 tbere Enythhlg lik® ; yOttNO. . number of electors on the roll is about 264,000, 00 that we had more than1 half the nominal electors voting, and that smst mean distinctly more than half of the real elector*. So far as the returns are published at pi meat there was not a single electorate in which every candidate did not get some degree of support, al- j though it is said that there was one poll ing-booth at which only one vote was re corded. The general interest in the con flict developed itself very rapidly during the last three dayB, and it was no doubt to some degree stimulated, though it is im possible to say to what extent, by the Car dinal's action. He polled well, but not well enoagh, and stands fourth on the lif$ of failures, just above the leader of the labour party. It is estimated that the Roman Catholic vote is, in round numbers, about 50,000, and, if so, four-fifths of them must hare gone to the poll, or the Cardinal must have had a fair share of Protestant support. He has published a short address congratulating the colony on the result of the elections, wishing well to the Conven tion, an<J shooting a Parthian arrowl at anti-Catholic bigotry. There were 10 candi dates who did not poll 10,000 votes each, and 18 more who did not poll 20,000, so that there were at least 28 candidates who never had the ghost of a chance. Several of these were the nominees of parties which wanted a bunch, but the majority represented their own sense of their fitness and importance. 