The Rev. J. Sheridan, J.P. "THE BIBLE READER," I did but prompt the age to quit their clogs, By the known rules of ancient liberty, When straight a barbarous noise environs me Of owls and cuckoos, monkeys, snakes and frogs." —Milton. Mr. .Bible Reader,~I see you have come out at last, after the lapse of six weeks spent looking for Catholic theology in the " Protestant Banner" and ''Church of England Intelligencer." Alas ! for the old Mother Church and myself by the time you have finished with us. " Before I have done with him," you say, " I will silence him, I shall make him feel that it was better for him submit patiently to insults and slanders for another 18 years than presume to say a word in his Church's defence." But pray, why did you not sign your name to this document ? Was it that you were ashamed of your ignorance of the simple rudiments of English grammar and puerile attempt to write a decent bit of English composition ? Was it that you should feel restrained by oommon decency from fully displaying your deep-seated prejudices and hatred of Catholicity ? Or perhaps you have no other name ? Did your mother or your grandmother never give you any other name than " Bible Reader ?" Perhaps they did not ? and of course, in that case I must apologise. No doubt your grandmother never dreamt she was nursing the budding tyro of a polished litterateur—a future professor of ancient history nnd doctor of dogmatic theology, otherwise she would undoubtedly have called you Gulliver Trapezoid, Constantine Paralipomenon, Augustus Parallelopipedon, " Peter the Great," or some such distinguishing appellation' to mark your future greatness. But on the hypothesis that you have any other name, you certainly act a most cowardly part to step into the arena for a duel with your head in a mask under'the'nicknamc of "Bible Reader;" With your face covered you place me at a great disadvantage, as there in no chance left of a real good thrust at you ! That is not fair to me, and I avowedly protest against it. I like to know the calibre and character and status of an opponent before I attempt to deal with him. It is not certainly the correct thing to notice a man when he is ashamed of himself for under taking the defence of an unrighteous cause. If an opponcntdesireaduel with me he should undoubedly take off his mask and fight like a man and a soldier, not as a base coward. However, "Bible Reader," as you will not " Mind your own business," a few words this time, but never again on the same sub- ject,: For : " You abuse without limit the orthodox one While he bends to the image or kneels to the sun ; You must interfere with all other men's creeds, From the Brahmin's white bull to the Catholic beads; But Heaven, like Rome, may have many a road That leads us direct to the wished for abode ; And a wise exhortation in Christian prayers Would be ' Attend to yourself and your own affairs," The Browns spend the bettermost part of the day In watching the Greens, who live over the way; They know about this and they know about that, And can tell Mr. Green when he has a new hat; Oh ! how hard it appears to leave others alone And those with most sin often cast the first stone ; What missiles we scatter wherever we pass, Though our own walls are formed of most delicate brass ; Oh ! how pleasant 'twould be if the meddlesome bears Would but ' Attend to themselves and their own affairs.' As you believe, I see, Mr. Bible Reader, that you are a skilled athlete and professional expert in the art of light rapier, and a gentleman of no small consequence in your own estimation; and as you, at the same time, threaten to gag and smother me with cart loads of abominations " before you are done with me," the matter is too serious to pass over in silence. You step into the arena, not for the purpose of an explanation of what may have appeared to you a strange and unaccountable doctrine taught by the Catholic Church, as you should have done, but rather to dogmatize me and give nic n lesion on good breeding and courtesy, and teach mo the tone and style I should adopt whilst castigating slanderers., You assume the role of Censor and, seated in the Theologians chair, with the " Glories of Mary" in one hand and " Protestant Banner" in the other, you dogmatically announce to the population of this and surrounding districts that you are about to teach me a lesson I shall never forget ! You rush into print with a long list of Satanic slanders forged by the bitterest revilers of the Church during the past 300 years, and flaunt in our face a series of falsehoods fabri cated by men who had just about as much regard, to the qualms of conscience and love for truth; justice, and fair play as yourself. Armed with these deadly weapons, you exclaim with the utmost confidence : "Before I have done with him I will silence him ! Before I have done with him I will settle him." Now, Mr. Bible Reader, before proceeding further; I will: ask you be lowing lines from your old and esteemed friend, Pope:— " A little learning is a dangerous thing ; Drink deep or taste not the Pierian spring, Their shallow draughts intoxicate the brain,, And, drinking largely, sobers us again." Whilst admiring your fraternal charity in gratui- tously offering me a lesson in courtesy, politeness, and good breeding, and the necessity of knowing how to conduct a controversy with you as a " gentleman and a Christian," I am reluctantly compelled to admit that I fear you have come too late—I was not taken in time. It was not necessary to teach .lessons of: that kind when I was young, for there were no aggressive and unprin cipled slanderers against my Church in the part of the world that I came from. The truth is that I got iuto bad habits when a youngster, and now that I am growing old I cannot depart from them,'' You tell me that "my defence of my religion is in a tone and style much to be deplored, and that no one of my flock or outside it should follow so ill an example." Yes; "it is to be deplored", that I will not allow you have it; all your own way. " It is to be deplored " that I will not allow you or any other slanderer revile my Church without castigation. " Before I have done with him," you say, "it will be clear he would have been wise to have waited another 18 years before attempting an impracticable defence." I beg to call Mr. Smith's attention to this specimen of English composition, so that he may have it analysed. In the school ! However, I pretty well guess its meaning, and' we shall see the result of this boasting threat after wards. "Before! have done with him it will be clear he would have been wise to have waited another 18 years." Did anyone ever see, since the creation of Adam, such an abortive attempt to write a simple English sentence ? You might have saved yourself a shameful humiliation had you only given more attention to the simple rudiments of grammar and English composition before venturing an open criticism in the public press. You laid your grammar aside a little too soon, Sir. Your aspirations to public notoriety are altogether too high, as I conclude from the following words, which, I presume, are yours:— " This grammar stirs my soul too sadly ; Go rest, old relic, on the shelf. I fear my life has passed but badly— I do not care to know myself. I've got a chance for Rottenborough, And if I win my Sun's not set; I'll aim at public life to-morrow. Who knows? I may be Premier yet !" Your next classical braggadocio is this ; " Cer tainly it is out of the question for Dean Brown to notice with any self- respect the extraordinary communication addressed to him." That is a short argument and plausible dodge to get out of paying the £15 ; is is not? The Benevolent Society has hardly -a shilling at present to meet the monthly, accounts, whilst Dean Brown, who pretends to be greatly interested in this noble work of charity, out of the mock, sentimentality of "self-respect," deprives the funds of £15 by refusing to substantiate charges he has promulgated against the Catholic Church ! Any blind man can see that the Rural Dean was not 1000 miles off when that apology for W? excuse was fabricated ! But it will not go down ; the public cannot swallow it. He knew well his charges were false, and that he could not prove them ; conse- quently, observed a discreet silence, knowing full well that if he took up the gaunt- let one or other of us should necessarily be called upon by the public to pay the forfeit, It does not appear a vary likely thing that if he bad a good case I would get out of it so very easily. There is no use then for " Bible Bender," or any other reader, attempting to make people believe that bad he tbe ghost of a chance, this contemptible dodge of self-respect would pre- vent his taking cognizance of my communication. How convenient a commodity this "self respect' is when a man's purse is touched ! " Self respect !" Yes, he showed a lot of it in his declamations on the Orange platform did he not ? " Self respect: " Oh " it is out of the question for Dean Brown to notice with any self respect the extraordinary communica tion," If he were so tenacious of his " self respect" why did he descend from his eminent position and adopt a method of religious warfare that should be confined to the lowest class of Ranters or Tub- thumpers ? " Self respect !" What an amount of " self respect " he showed in degrading himself, and dishonouring his position, and humiliating his people, and lowering his reputation, and branding his character before the world as guilty of the most inhuman, unchristian, and uncharitable language that the lowest Jumpers, Shakers, or Glassites could be guilty of towards their fellow man ! Ah ! better keep silent altogether and let the whole thing die a natural death than stir it up again after the lapse of six or seven weeks and try to make the public swallow down all this "self respect." " Oh ! it's out of the question for Dean Brown to notice it with any self respect." It will not do. Mr, Bible Reader, it will not do, for with all your special pleading you have a bad case. The public have been pained at his unchristian conduct, and judgment is already given against you. Now to make him " toe the line," and that we may hear no more of this " self-respect," I hereby relieve him of all responsibility, and remain bound myself to the promise already made, if he only prove his charges. He must abide by the conditions I have stated. We will have no naked assertions for they are not proofs, even though coming from authorities as honorable, trustworthy, and reliable as the virtuous Edith O'Gorman, or Protestant Banner. The Apostate Chiniquy or Infidel Goubain—the C.E. Intelligencer, or hallowed pen and sainted lips of his own reverend self. No tribunal in the civilized world at the present day would condema a man on the testimony of his avowed enemios. That day is gone, My fifteen pounds are lying here awaiting the cooling down of the Rural Dean's ' self-respect,' and is nothing short of a sin crying to Heaven for vengeance, to thus deprive the starving poor, the heartbroken and sorrowstricken, of a help so" badly needed, under the mock influence of a maudlin sen timentality ! They who well-fed, feed the breadless in the travail of distress ; They who taking from a little give to those who have still less; They who will not join the onslaught made upon a noble name ; When sharp words, like cowards' arrows may be launched with covert aim, They whose piety condemns not Catholic fasts nor Jewish feasts. These are spirits blessed and happy—these are Charity's High Priests. Now " Mr. Bible Reader," you tell us you are going to write, not after the manner I have written, but as a gentleman and a Christian should write. " Oh God, I give theo thanks that I am not as the rest of men, as also is this publican." Well we will see whether you are or not like the - rest of men I Is it the act of a "gentleman," not to speak of a " Christian," to make these random attacks on de votion to the mother of God without any provoca tion ? Is it the act of a gentleman or a Christian to attempt criticising devotions so deeply rooted in the Catholic breast, and practised in the Church from the earliest ages of Christianity ? Is it the part of a gentleman and a Christian to denounce and hold up to universal reprobation the favorite devotion of the millions who populate Ireland, France, Spain, Italy, Portugal, Austria, Bavaria, Roumania, ..Switzerland, Russia,Asia Minor, Palestine, North and South America, England, Scotland, New Zealand, India, Ceylon, China, Africa, and even the distant Islands of the ocean ? How is the " gentleman " and " Christian " shown in thus stigmatizing the favorite devotion, not alone of Catholics, but of millions and millions of Greeks, Russians, Copts, Abyssinians, Armenians, Melchites and other eastern sects that fell away from the Catholic Church in the early ages ? If you look upon yourself as a gentleman and a scholar, why not shake off prejudice and enter into this important' subject deeply, asking yourself how comes it that, all those eastern sects, differing from us in habits, customs and manners, are so fervent and zealous in their devotion to the Mother of God ? You scoff at this devotion for no other reason than because your father and grandfather before you scoffed at it. If you are a gentleman—a man of culture, and a scholar, you should rather follow in the footsteps of the late Cardinals Newman or Manning, by taking up the matter seriously and mating it a study. This would be a more reasonable course than denouncing a devotion to you unpopular, because misconceived and misunderstood. Is it part of a " gentleman and a Christian " to publish to the world, supposing it were true, that Pope Pius V. instigated the massacre of 60,000 Protestants ? Where is the, mark of Christianity In publishing crimes like those supposed to have been committed over 200 years ago? Where is the mark of the " gentleman " or the " Christian " in telling the poor simple bush people of Australia that before he became Pope "St, Pius, was in all his career a relentless persecutor?" Is that Christianity, not to speak of truth, Mr. " Bible Reader ?' Now, you boast of being a Bible reader ; is this the way you interpret tho Bible? What part of the Bible tells you to bear false witness against your neighbor? It this the construction you put on the words 11 Thou shalt love thy neigh bor as thyself ?" or " Do unto others as you would wish them do to you?" Is this the way you, " Bible Reader," frame moral doctrines to suit your own prejudices, whims, and, caprice ? Is this the result of your vaunted boasting of an open BibUe under no restraint and subject to no^authority ? Why introduce subjects such as these, that the lowest awain or rustic down should consider a degradation to his manhood ? What good end can be gained, do you think, " or purpose served, by the publication of these most preposterous falsehoods ? Does; such conduct savor of the charity of the Gospel, or meekness of Christ? " O factious viper ! whoso envenom'd tongue Would mangle still the dead, perverting truth; What though our nations foes lament the fate, With generous feeling of the good and great, Shall dastard tongues essay to blast the name , Of him whose meed exists in endless fame ? Pius, o'er whose corse a mourning world must weep, Whose dead remains in honor'd marble sleep, For whom at last e'en hostile nations groan, While friends and foes alike his virtues own; Mr. "Bible Reader," what school did you go to ? In what college or university did you study history, Logic and Theology ? I ask this .question because you forgot to say anything in your letter about the Inquieitioq, Maria Monk, gunpowder plot, purgatory praysrs to tho saints, confession or transubstantiaiton That was your time. You lost a good opportunity. Had you only brought forward more authorities from the infidel Goubain, the apostate Chiniquy and virtuous Edith O'Gorman, you could have wiped out the old Church once and for ever, by a few more annihilating charges, such as these you have produced ; and serve ner right, why not have allowed , her members to read the Bible ? Why permit those blasphemous expressions to be met in tho " Glories of Mary ?" .You have a first-class case against her. 'Only persevere—you have the abilities. Even though Arius, Nestorius, Julian the Apostate and Martin Luther failed, still there is no doubt your labors will one day be crowned with an unprecedented, unbounded and glorious success ! For you know that she has murdered millions of Bible readars—you are certain of it—yon can prove it and in one night as many as 60,000 Protestants) She practises blasphemous devotions to the Mother of God that no decent Church would tolerate, no that it is quite time that you or some able scholar and historian like you should strike the final blow and bring to an ignominous termination all this shameful, unscriptural and abominable superstition ) By-tbe-bye you have been lecturing me on my duties as a " Christian and a gentleman ! " You have told me that I am not properly informed in my own creed, and if I dare contradict you my readers are a " lot of idiots that bluster will not do for logic ; " that permission to read the Bible is a farce j" that I have shown an amazing reckless ness in my statements and ignorance of my own creed and Church procedure that is simply astounding;, Now, Mr. " Bible Reader," on your word of honor, did you ever read one Catholic book in your whole life ? I doubt it very much. One thing to rae is certain from your letter, that you never vet read a treatise of Cathmlic theology. Notwithstanding that, with the " Protestant Banner" in one hand and the " Glories of Mary " in the other you take the chair of Theology and tell me that I show an ignorance of my own creed, that ii simply astounding ! You, now, as a " gentleman and Christian " presume to speak to me in this dictatorial manner! You, who evidently never re-d a word of Catholic Theology in your life, presume to tell me that you know more about the doctrines of the Catholic Church than I do, although 1 have been born in the bosom of the Catholic Church, with the advantages of a Catholic School, graduating in a Catholic seminary, and many years training in a Catholic College in the study of Rhetoric, Logic, Ethics, Natural Philosophy, Scripture. Canon Law, History, Moral, and Dog matic Theology, besides a continued study of those same subjects for 25 years on the mission ! I say Mr, " Bible Reader," does it appear reasonable for you to state in this dogmatic manner that " I am not after all properly informed in my own creed," " that I show an amazing ignorance of my cree l anl Church proceedure," in a word—that you who never re»d a Catholic book in your life, know more about the teachings and doctrines of the Catholic Church than I do ! Well, sir, wo shall see, and the public shall havo an opportunity of passing atf~unbiassed judgement on the boasting braggadocio with which you have formulated your latter: " Before I have done with him it will be clear he would hare been wise, to have waited another 18- years before attempting an mpracticable defence," " For as once on Pisgah purged was the sight Of a son of Circumcision, So may be an this Penrith height Bob's purblind mental vision In your heretic sins may you live and die, To heretic eight and fifty ! But accept ye sublime majority, My congratulations hetrty. Nay ! Bobby's mouth may be opened yet, Till for eloquence you hail him, And swear he has the angel met, That met the ass of Balaam." Now, " Bible Reader," I shall deal with you and the annihilating extracts you have produced from the "Glories of Mary." Tou bring forward a list: of those devotional effusions that hare been refuted when produced by your great- grandfather 100 years ago, and ten thousand times from that day to this. You cannot, at any rate, claim to yourself the credit of making any original discovery. You have all these clippings and scrapings filed and ready for use whenever an opportunity presents itself, as fresh and with as much presuming effrontery as if they were never before heard of, or never refuted and exposed to the public gaze in all their naked malice and deformity. Before proceeding further, I may remind you that it was St. Augustine, Bishop of Hippo in the 4th century, one of the four great luminaries and doctors of the Oharch, that first called Mary " the only hope of sinners." And consequently, if blame be attached to anyone, he certainly should bo the firet to fall under the weight of your withering censures. So before charging us with detestable inconsistencies and heretical teachings, you - should first hold St. Augustine up to pablic scorn, public contempt, and public reprobation. Remember, also, that prior to your producing these extracts with such an air of triumph, you should have read and tried to understand the preface of the book from which you transcribed, them. Had you only done that, and found out what the true and sound theology of the Roman Catholic Church really was, you could have saved yourself the humiliation' which must necessarily follow. Here are the; words to whiok I refer,: "In order that thie little! ~<"-k.of mlnp.may not be exposed to censure from, fastidious critics,! have thought well to place -in a clearer 'light some propositions which 1 pray you to consider as meant and spoken by me according! to the sense of true and sound theology of the Holy Roman Catholic Church, whose obedient son I profess myself." Now, " Bible Reader," pray who told you that your meaning of the various extracts you have given is that, of the true and' sound theology of the Catholic Church ? Where did you make that discovery ? In the "C.E. Intelligencer," was is not? So your case is proved, then, is it ? Well, we shall see. As you consider that" I am not properly informed in my own creed; and (hat my ignorance of Church procedure is simply astounding " I will give you the authority of the late Cardinal Newman in explanar tion of these very expressions you have dwelt upon and to which you have taken exception in sucti untaeasuiedlanguage. I think I need hardly say that every sensible mas will admit they are more in accord with the mind of the Ohurch and dictates of Oatholic Theology than the heretical and abominable interpretation put upon them by my critic, the self-constituted dictator of Catholic history and Catholic Theology, "The lawyers," he says, "speak of tho omnipotence of Parliament. I will never be so unjust as to take- them literally. I am perfectly iiire that it never entered into the head of 'any speaker or Prime Minister to claim any. such snpe^hubxap' prerogatives. Now, I only claim; to Iw heard (in tiira with the same candour which I exemplify so fully whan I speak, myself, of the omnipotence of the Blessed virgin. Whet, such an expression is used by a Catholic he would be as indignant as a Member of Parliament to find it perverted by an enemy from the innocent sense in which he used it. Parliament is omnipotent,,as having the power to do what it will, not in Ger many, France or Russia, but in the United Kingdom. In like manner the Blessed Virgin,is called omnipotent, as boing able to gain from God what she deserves by the means.of prayer. Prayer is regarded as omnipotent in Scripture, and,she, being the ..chief Intercessor among creattrres, is considered omnipotent t«o. The .iama'! remark appHcs to raany other words in Catholic Theology. The Church is 'called holy, although'/it .does' not follow that thoao in authority are always holy. Worship is another word commonly misunderstood ; indulgence another,' merit, scandal, etc. All have their own meanings, which our opponents must learn from , Catholics and cannot .well find , out for themselves. "Such is the force of language, such the use of formulas, such the value of. theological terms. You learn pure English by going into good society and reading ,classical authors. Go then to those to whom such terms are familiar, who are masters of the science of them, and they will reati the above wtrdi foryou, not by reason; bat bytbo usage of the Church.'' We do not scruple to say to a physjcian who has beeu called in to advieo in a desperate illness t "Tou are our only' hops,'' Sometimes it is said of an eminent politician that ho was " the only hope of his country." Everyone knows that in such a case there was no idea of ex cluding Divine Providence. Such an expression,' therefore, as " Thou art our only hope " addressed to our Blessed Lady, means simply this : " Thou art our only hope of obtaining this favor from God, We have little confidence in ^urselves or our own worthiness or power to obtain it without thy help." Many of our familiar words are abbreviations of this kind if we look seriously into them. When speaking of an omnibus we simply say the 1 Bus,' If I asked my housekeeper to lay the table for. dinner, from any prooess of reasoning possible, she could not make out what I wanted unless she under stood the colloquial meaning attached to these wordB. For no hu;nan being could understand from that command that I expected that she would first spread a tablecloth on the table and afterwards place dishes., spoons, knives, forks, &o.; upon it. Not one word about all these things expressed in that simpla phrase. Outside the hotels may be seen the wordb, '! Entertainment for man and horse," but very important words are left out,viz., for those who can pay for it," On the front door of several houses you see the words,;." Ring the bell," which means- if yon have any. business within.,; Boys playing outside on the street, certainly, are not in* vited to ring it, Thus yon can jiodarstand .the wotdi, " Mary, our raljr hops," and all kindrtd' expressions of devotion to the Blessed Virgin, to be met in Catholic books. Now, " Bibl* Bender," you see that before rushing into print and making this triumphal display of your theological lore, you should have first inquired the precise meaning attached to these formulas according to the sense of the true and sound theology of the Church. This you certainly should have done if you were only wise and discreet, and wished to be perfectly certain that you really knew what you were talking about. There is a command in the Bible to call no man " Master," for One is your Master, even Christ; call no -nun " Fathor " upon the earth, for One is your Father, which is in Heaven, Yet we do— and all sensible people do—apply these names, Father. Master, Lord, to others besides God ; for we understand well that the prohibition is directed not BgaiDst the bare words, but against a certain meaning of them. Now, Mr. "Bible Reader," who is it that has shown the astounding ignorance with which you, as a gentleman and a Christian, have charged mo7 "Before I have done with him it will be clear he would have been wise to have wailed another 18 yeais before attempting an impractie.ible defence." Again, you treat us to a new and most interesting piece of information when you tell, in an isolated sentence, that " Mary V is part of the name assumed by every '• female" religious, But, even granted that female religious are guilty of a crimc so henious as that, pray what does that prove for you? Why not say, "Every religious of the female persuasion," or •' every Nun of the feminine gender?" By using one or other of these phrases you could have made out a good case. But why not mind your own businesi and let the " female religious " alone ? Why sneer in a* cowardly manner like that at ladies who " look after their own affairs " and do not interfere with busybodies like you? This, 1 presume, you consider the act of a "gentleman I" If so, we must admire you as a noble specimen of a gallant cavalier 1 Listen, Sir, to the exposition of that doctrine you criticise, and upon which you dogmatizo me, so beautifully unfolded by the Protestant Longfellow in his golden legend: " And as children who have much offended ▲ too indulgent father in great shame i Penitent, and yet not daring unattended To go into his presence at the gate, Speak to their sister and confiding wait Till she goes in before and intercedes ; To men repenting of their evil deeds, And yet not venturing rashly to draw near With their requests an angry father's ear, Offer to her prayers and their confession, And she in heaven for them makes intercession ; Not unforgiven the suppliant knee might bend As to a visible power in which did blend All that was mixed and reconciled in thee Of mother's love with maiden purity." Again, Mr. " Bible Reader," you take exception to my assertion " that the most important truths in mcdicine, in jurisprudence, in physics, in mathe matics must be received from the fountain head." You say wo hare " no fountain head in any of these sciences" and " anyone can choose his own teacher, or get the book and learn for himself, and that bluster will not do for logic." Now, gentlemen of the various professions in Penrith ! Mr. MoDonald, Doctors of Medicine, Chemists. Dentists, Elec tricians, and Clergymen, listen to that logic.: Comment would spoil it. The most sensible specimen of logic I have seen for many a day! " Bible Reader," I will order a leather medal from the blacksmith for you ! I should like to see the home-made chemist who studies from the bare bones of a dry book attempting to compound a few untibilious pills in the midst of a quantity of arsenic, atropia, calomel, cascara, and strychnine. You, Mr, "Bible Reader," may try a couple of them before dinner, and I promise you that you will never trouble him again ! Now let us look at your home-made doctor, who after reading medicali works for years in his private study, com mences practice. He takes the stethescope and ap plies it to tho lungs, chest, and heart of the invalid, I can well imagine the extraordinary amount.of skill and professional ability he will display in his diagnosis. He wonders if it be a severe attack of colly wabbles ? He thinks it may perhaps be in cipient fever ? It may be the mollygrubs? An acute attack of inflammation of the lungs ? Symptoms of rummagumption or disease of the heart ! Poor, young home-made doctor, I certainly do not envy: you your position and. responsibility ! Mr. "Bible Reader," that is the kind of professional expert I shiuld advise you to call in after your dose of the antibilious pills. By the bye, Mr. " Bible Reader," who told you, that the " Glories of Mary " was a " Text Book of Catholic Theology?" Strange ! I never heard of that before, although I have been reading Catholic Theology for the past 38 years ? After all, what a useful thing it is to come into collision with learned men ! I might never have known that, but for you. Again, Mr. "Bible Reader," you tell us as a " gentleman " and a " Christian " that" the Catholic Church holds to-day the doctrines under which millions of Bible readers were slain for no other orime but reading it and living up to its precepts." Why not tell us by whom they were slain, where they were slain, and the year and month in which they were slain ? These wild, indefinite and random statements are silly and worthless without proof. Assertions are no arguments and of no moment in a matter of such importance. For the inmate of Gladesville Asylum may say the same thing with the same amount of credibility. However, you may possibly through mis take or forgetfulness allude to the millions of lunatics that were put to death in the moon a few years ago for reading the Bible and living up to Its teaching, and the millions of others that were massacred there for telling lies ? Is that your case ? If not, you can go on. " Build a lie, build a lie, A large one—be not over-tender ; Give it a form and raise it high That all the world may see its splendor ; Then launch it like a mighty ship On the restless sea of men's opinion, And the ship shall sail before the gale Endued with motion and dominion. ' " Leaky and water-logg'd and crazy, Yet still the hulk endures the blast, And fears no weather rough or hazy, For should she sink she'll rise again, No strength her rotten planks shall sever ; Give her but size, and the worst of lies May float about the world for ever." Now Sir, to deal with your next charge " That a layman could not read a Bible-or a bookseller could not sell a Bible in certain places without a written license from the Parish Priest." I will ask how you would feel and speak, or how Dr., Smith, the Primate, would feel and speak if he found that Catholics were using every means in their power to have a Douay Bible or Testament in the hands of every Protestant family in this district? Such was the case with which the Irish Catholic Bishops had to deal. The ubiquitous and persistent attempts made by the Bible Societies and Connemarra aoupers to distribute Protestant Bibles, Tracts and Testaments among the Irish Catholics, left them no other al ternative. They only did their duty in prohibiting -the sale of these Bibles and corrupted translations amongst their people, and nothing more. This I know from personal ex perience.. That is the sum and substance of your case and settles it.- Now Sir, your next.grievance, you say : " When one has to get a ' license,' first to keep and read a Bible and then not allowed to act- as reason and conscience lead them, the whole permit is a farce." So you believe that God's faith, which is one can be chopped up at each man's will, as tn England, into 228 different sects with their 228 different ver sions of Christianity on the principle that every man should act as reason and conscience may lead him ! If' there is to be only one faith I fear that is not the proper way to keep it together or preserve its unity. You speak of liberty of conscience. Have we not as good aright to our liberty; of conscience as you have to yours. If you say that God enlightens every man that seeks the truth, you cannot deny it to us. You claim liberty for your own conscience but deny it to mine. You profess one thing but practise another. You do not really hold thit each man may interpret Scripture according to the light he has ; but must have every man interpret it according to your way of thinking, and if he does not you denounce him. This is what I would call the liberty of the surviving " Kilkenny Cats." Acting on this " reason and conscience " principle of yours, I met a man the other day who was sorely tried about what he con sidered a command given to him in the Holy Scriptures. He called my attention to it and it is this: In the 27th Chapter of St. Mathew, we read that "Judas went out and hanged himself with a halter," and in the following chapter we have the the command of our Blessed Lord " Go thou and do likewise." Now, Mr. " Bible Reader," the next subject to be disposed of is your statement that St, Pius V, insti gated the murder of 60.000 Protestants, This dog matic truth you have from the pen of no less an authority than Francis Goubain, whom you term a " Roman historian." Who told you he was a Roman historian ? Strange there is no record of any such historian in the annals of the Roman Church ! Who told you he was a Catholic at the time he wrote the charges you speak of?' Are you sure it is not the same Francis Goubain who renounced the Catholic faith, became a professed infidel, and wrote the most horrible things against the Church ? Are you to condemn the Catholic Church, and the saintly Pius as guilty of the greatest crimes that can poss ibly stain the pages of history, on the authority of such a man ? This is the way, I presume, that you set about proving the charge of marder against a Pope from Roman documents, monuments, and reords, is it? Oh true ! The wild dog in hunger, the wolf in its spring, The shark of the waters—the asp with its sting Are less to be feared than the vengeance of man, When it lieth in secret to wound when it can. Now I wonder a sensible writer and profound scholar like you would try to make the world be lieve that a Pope and a Saint should be condemned as a murderer on the unsupported assertion of either the infidel Goubain or any other avowed enemies of the papacy. By your quoting the letters of Pius V you have laid a trap for yourself. You played into my hands, and you are bowled out. You never thought that I could sit at my desk and put my hands on the very authentic letters you allude to, and in that book of letters from cover to cover, there is not a single sentence that can justify this malignant charge, that the Pope instigated the massacre of 60,000 Protestants. The one and only sentence that a malicious or prejudiced mind could construe into an incitement to massacre is this : "Justis poenis justisque suppliciis quae legibus statuta sunt adjuvari at justitia et legibus locus sib,"—1569, April 13. This simply means that the culprits should be tried according to the legal forms of justice. If the death penalty was to follow, that was beside the question. But there was not a word that a just or fair-minded man conld construe into an instigation to murder or massacre. Whilst reprobating the foul crime and its perpetrators with feelings of horror, shame and indignation, we must not lose sight of the provo cation given by the robbing and detraction of Churches and Convents, sacking of Bishops' palaces and priests' houses, and murder of no less than 8000 religious, including priests, bishops and nuns! This 1 do not mention as a defence, but rather as a provocation which brought heavily down upon themselves this " lynch law " retribution.. The total number of the victims as given in the Huguenots martyrology did not exceed 786— a great difference from 60,000. Pope Pius V., whom you assert was the moving instigator of this diabolical and cold-blooded butchery, was enjoying his rest in Heaven for several months before. Both Protestant and Catholic historians agree that the whole thing was only concerted a few days previous to the outbreak. Assertions to the contrary are no proof. Nor is there any monument extant that could justify any man with a conscience, except he had a leather one, in making this damning and detectable statement that Pius V. instigated this inhuman and bloodthirsty massacre. " Ah, ye lips that gloat upon a brother's sin, With moral mouthing in the public speech, Methinks I've seen the poison fang within Betray the viper rather than the leech. Oh, ye who point so often to the herd Whose dark and evil works are all uncloaked, Is there no other than condemning word For minds untaught and spirits sorely yoked ? Are ye quite sure that no hidden leper taint Blurs you own skin if we look through the paint?' Now,~ Sir. 11 guUClj good purpose can these lies and slanders of yours serve against tho Church? Why not let us live in peace ? What have you to do with people that lived and died 300 years ago ? If Catholics murdered Protes- tants, Protestants murdered Catholics in return ! What is that to us ? What is the good of these mutual recriminations ? We are not responsible for their salvation. What good purpose will it serve ? or how will it benefit the Catholics of this District it I tell them what I1 read in history and lately in a Protestant paper—" The Edinburgh Review"—that not less than 70,000 Catholics were murdered for the faith they possessed during the reign of the first Protestant Pope, Henry the VIII. I say what good will that do me? What good will it do my people ? Why stain the pages of our press or poison the minds of the young with the retail of this con- taminating hash ? Now remember there is no fun in any game when a man has it all to himself. It is only when there are two that the play commen ces. You seem to be a professional expert at pelting stones, but forget that I have beside me a good heap also, and can play at that game as well as you. Now what do you think of your threatening braggadocio commencing your letter ? "Before I have done with him it will be clear he would have been wise to have waited another 18 years before attempting an impracticable defence." I think it is pretty clear now that you would have been wise had you only waited another -18 years before making this puerile exhibition of your bad logic, perverted history, and unsounded theology. Whilst bidding you an everlasting ' Good bye,' I will ask you, in future, take a lesson from my old friend, Mr. Littlejohn. " John Littlejohn was staunch and strong, Upright and downright scorning wrong ; He gave good weight and paid his way, He thought for himself and he said his say, Whenever a rascal strove to pass Instead of silver, copper, or brass, He took his hammer and said with a frown The coin's a bad one, nail it down. When foolish arguers might an main, Darkened and twisted the clear and plain, He saw through the mazes of their speech, The simple truth beyond their reach, And crushing their logic, said with a frown, Your coin's a bad one, nail it down When told from the pulpit or tho press That heaven was a place of exclusiveness, That none but those could enter there Who knelt with the orthodox at prayer ; That a lie, if black, was small offence, To be forgotten by men of sense; John's face grew dark as he swore with a frown, The coin's a bad one, nail it down. Whenever the world our eyes would blind, With false pretences of such a kind With humbug, cant, and bigotry, Or a specious sham philosophy ; With wrong dressed up in the guise of right, And darkness passing itself for light ; Let us imitate John and exclaim with a frown, The coins are spurious, nail them down. 