Chapter V. She had put on a fur cloak and hat, and carried with her the fifty pounds she was to give her outcast brother. To do this, she would have to go well nigh penniless for the next three months ; for, not be- ing of age, she had as yet only her allowance of £300 a year for dress and charities, her brother (on the decease of her late guardian) man- aging for her the funds of her es- tate. But Delia thought nothing of the money ; even the dread of meeting her unknown and outcast relative was swallowed up in the absorbing desire that no one should see whither she went this morning. Breathless and terrified, she passed down the sunny carriage drive, then made a curve out of sight of the house to enter the park. But this was a round which would consume at least 30min., and it was now half-past 10. In her alarmed state, eager to get the interview over, she left the broad drive, in order to walk across thick, wet grass, which was so laden with moisture as to be nearly as watery as a river. Delia hesitated one instant, then struck across the greensward. A voice behind arrested her pro- gress. "Miss Larch, let me beg of you not to risk a cold. The grass has never been dry for the last two months." It was Lord Lindsay who spoke, and who now stood beside her. He was unprepared for the look of dismay — nay, more that that, the terror she betrayed. She grew pale ; trembled visibly ; essayed to speak, and could not pronounce a word. At last, forcing a smile, which nearly wrenched his heart in twain, she stammered out, "I do not mind wet grass. I could not live in the country without crossing it every day." "But such grass!" persisted he, "You must have wet feet already, no matter how thick your boots." "Who ever heard of wet boots being hurtful while one is walking?" exclaimed Delia, with difficulty re- pressing a shiver of cold and pain. "It is standing about in them which is dangerous, so I will go on quickly Good-bye for the present, Lord Lindsay. I am bound for a long walk." In truth she hardly knew what she was saying. "If you are resolved to go on, let me at least have the — the happiness of accompanying you?" urged he persuasively, adoringly. "Certainly not," replied Delia in despair, "I shall never get back if I stay talking here. Once more, good-bye, Lord Lindsay." And she walked on quickly. "Stay!" he implored. "Miss Larch— Delia — spare me a few moments. You cannot guess hwo I have looked for a chance such as this— a few moments — to tell you something of which my heart is full." "I can stay for nothing now," she faltered, with a wretched atempt to speak lightly, to seem at ease. "See, I am shivering; that is be- cause I am standing in damp boots. So, now I am off, and forbid you to follow me." And she left him, wihout looking back. Lindsay Deane stirred not. What could she mean? Why did she persist in leaving him? Why was she in such a tremor at meeting him there? And what mad- ness led her to wade through the sopping grass, rank and thick enough to make anyone avoid it? She had forbidden him to follow, but he lingered still where she had lef him, regardless of the cold. Slowly, and with misery at heart, coupled wih a vague uneasiness, he regained the pleasure- grounds, and then stood still again. Suddenly, with a gesture of de- spair, he went out into the high road which skirted tho grounds, and began to walk at a rapid pace. And as he went his eyes urned restlessly in the direction of the park where Delia had left him. All at once he caught sight of her again— at a good distance off it is true; but he could plainly see that it was she, and that she was hurrying along in a dip of the ground quite off the path, where, at this season, the saturated grass must make walking a penance. In amazement he checked his pace and watched her. She went on swiftly in a straight course, then abruptly turning at right angles, made for the deer- shed. And now we will go back to Delia herself, whose excitement had became so great that she entered the rough shed as pale as a ghost, and could not control her sobs, while she shook from head to foot. Her startled glance around met no one, but she had barely time to lean for support aganst the door. when a figure came slowly into view from the dim recesses of the shed. A tall, well-made, muscular man about forty years of age, broad- shouldered and dark, who had been handsome, but who now looked worn and tired, in all things answering the description of her elder brother. "Delia!" said he, in a hollow voice, approaching her. He did not put out his hand ; he was sad, and his large, mourn- ful eyes seemed to express, "Though I am your brother, I am unworthy to clasp your hand." Delia's sobs became, for amo- ment, uncontrollable. "Hush, my sister!" he breathed softly, "For one moment let me call you so. Are we not to part for ever again after this inter- view? Let me, then, ask you a few questions in this only chance which I can ever hope for of learning some things my heart yearns to know." "Take this first," were the words which broke from the agonised Delia, "There are 50 pounds. I shall be unable to let you have any more for three months ; but then I will send you 70." "Oh, Delia, how good you are! You have saved me from despair," said he, as he received the money. She made a strong effort at self control, and aded, "We may be in- terrupted.; so we must settle first the most necessary things. You must decide on an address where my remittances may reach you, and you must leave this neighborhood The servants have seen you al- ready. Happily, Deborah is credu- lous, and has a fixed idea that your spirit haunts the Abbey ; but that will not save you from ultimate dis- covery. You must leave the place at once." "Yes,yes ; you are right, Delia!" he returned mournfully."And see — I have written here my assumed name— 'Robert Robert'— and the address of my present lodgings in the next village. But I have re- solved to go to London, where I can best hide myself, and my woes and sins. Take this paper, my poor sister, and never may you know a suspicion of the agony which tears my soul as I stand here, an outcast, seeing my old dear home in the distance, which I dare never re-enter ; seeing you, my only sister, close to me, face to face, after such an absence, and yet not daring to give you one em- brace." Delia wept anew ;but she did not respond to the affection his words implied. (To be Continued.) 