BY NUNQUAM DORMIO. . T«_ T I. J ^V>N4- LMCIFFL Vert much bravo! 1C bas transpired cn»i> xnstoau of the nominations for the V.H.C. Derby of 1898 only totalling 67, they foot up to no less than 108. The discrepancy is accounted for by the fact that owing to the want of alacrity displayed by the officials in a sister colony in the matter of sending along their entries 41 were omitted from the original manifesto. So that, instead of having a decrease of 20 as compared witir 1897, the " Blue Riband1' of the Victorian Turf shows an increase of 21; the lisc embracing the progeny of Abercorn, Aldivalloch, Annesley, Apremont, Ascot Vale, Autonomy, Bill of Portland, British Lion, Carbine, Carlyon, Chatham, Corinth, Eiridspord, Escutcheon, Forest King, Gang Forward, Gibraltar, Goldreef, Gossoon, Gozo, Grand Flaneur, .Louhiel, Malua, Malvolio, Meteor, Niagara, NeckerBgat, Nordenfelt, Oil Color, Pilgrim's Pro gress, Quilp, Quinteu Matsep, Robinson Crusoe, Kussley, Sinking Fund, Splendor, Strathmore, Sun locks, Sunrise, Sweet William, Swiveller, The \- Admiral, The Australian Peer, The .Englishman, Thunderbolt, Trenton, and Zalinski-or 47 sires in all. Not that there couldn't have been a few more included had owners but' deemed it advisable, seeing that for the Oaks Stakes of the same year there are fillies entered by Archie, Brazectose, Churchill, Deerswood, Far Niente, Grandmaster, Invermay, Man ton, Padlock, Portsea and Richmond. What y price the future of the Victorian Turf as far as the Victoria Racing Club is, concerned, when that cor poration can now command representatives of 58 different, sires in its Derby and Oaks alone! And juat to bring it up to three score, I. notice that youngsters by Danhsh and Vengeance figure in the Maribyrnong Plate. It was a glorious afternoon for racing last Satur day,'and ?. the V.JK.C. tryst at Flemiugton was duly availed of. The cheapest of all. ways to arrive at headquarters -save and except, perhaps, the utilising of Shanks's pony-is to take a return railway tioket from Flinders-street to Newmarket; return fare, 3d. If you like to go in for a bit more extravagance you can board a North Melbourne or WeBt Mel bourne tram, and by payment of 4d. get transferred by a Moonee Ponds 'bus to the Palace Hotel-some half-mile from the Racecourse gates. But if you want to do the thing right regally why then you will'still proceed -as far as the inter section of .Bar wise-street and Flemingjton-road by tram, and. 'avail yourself there of the " ubikitus oabby"-who is in evidence in force-and who will, for the ridioulously small fare of a "thrumbo" (3d.) convey you right chock-a-block to the very gates. These be the days of Economy, my masters, and therefore is it that I direct your attention to these important " savings'" to be effected. My current of thought being directed into that particular groove through observing a member of the V.R.C. gaily careering along tde members' drive on Saturday aBtride of his trusty " bike." If many more of the members follow his example, Mr. H. Byron Moore will of necessity have to provide a private asphalt track (not necessarily " diBhed ") for their special oonveniencp-or, should I say, to prevent inconveni ence (or worse) to other members. The racing was of a very enjoyable character j Mr. Septimus Miller once more opening the ball with a victory in the Two-mile Hurdle Race. His four-year-old filly,. Insurance (by Boolka Policy), made light of her* list. 51b. when it oatne a matter of pacing alongside the ancient Gratiano, who had 111b. less on his back. Both as'Shylock and Gratiano, Mr. S. M. Wilson's aged black gelding has had a very chequered experi ence, both on the flat and over hurdles, and, albeit, he is a good consistent plugger that;& ffw: pounds,, more or less doesn't appear to makdmVoh'difference to, I fear me he will never proye,. ctaas enough to down the elect of the Mill Park stable ovpr ^ny,dis tance of ground. t v-'. .. 1 ?' 'ill1], . That I am not alone in this opinion may be gleanod from tho constant reiteration in the vaticinatiohs (which is the " cultured " way of using the plebeian .>vord predictions) of the leading sporting writers of "Millers' eleot" by way of a "tip" lor jumping events; the stern logic of racing facta tending to prove that they hold a kind of mortgage over that particular branch of Turf sport. Even with the assistance of that consummate horseman, Horace G. Dawes (who, by the way, has recently been joined with Hymen's belt to a younger daughter of Mr. Frank Mortison, of Ascot Vale), Key failed to carry her burden of Oat. 71b. to victory -or even into a place-in the Stand Handicap, albeit, she was baoked spiritedly cloyvn to first frvvcmritefjljlp ut 8 to I, In this event thai; gallant old battler, Mr. Samuel G Cook achieved a meritorious and extremely popular win with the Sydney bred mare, Dora, a fehc- yeor-old daughter of Chesham and Remnant, who sailed home with 8st. 71b., two lengths in advance of Homespun, 8st. 4lb. ; Campaign, 7sfc. lib., and half-a- dozen others, in the rattling good time of lmin. lGsecs. for the five furlongs. A mix-up s» couple of obstacles from home, in which T. Logan, the rider ot Romsdal, 11.8 (who was looked upon in the light of a real good thing for the event), sustained a fracture of the kneecap, whilst the Tasmanian mare Britomarte 10.0 stopped for some period of time, eventuated in Peveril, 11.4, winning the two-mile Steeplechase from Tarracom, 10.5, and General 9.10. The slovenly way in which the favourite jumped during the earlier portion of the journey caused the calm of a chilliDg doubt to his supporters as to his ultimate success prior to the mishap. Skilfully piloted by the English jockey, A. Brown, the six-year-old daughter of Gang Forward and Small Talk, yclept Canoona, 7.12, made hacks of those who really were in opposition amongst the 11 others who contested the J une Handicap, and as she completely "smothered" the consistent..Blackwood, 8.3 in a canter by four lengthB.a/t the finish in-2min. 9aec., whilst Damien, 8.1 and Suntf uryvS.O finish&d; a dead heat for third place,, two lengths and:ra half further back still, it jwill pass wtbout saying; that Mr. J. N M'Arthur's" mare must/hapve exper-; ienced very hard luck before' or else she would' have certainly annexed one or two of the- e vonte^sife has been so stoutly supported for. . ' Nudity (by Newminster-Chloe), 8.5, accounted for the Two Year Old Handicap, of six furlongs, in lmin. 17£sec.; but the takers of 2 to 1 about her may thank their lucky stars that she had such a " finisher " as Horace Dawes on her back, as, after being disappointed twice, that artist jast managed to squeeze past Norway, 7.12, on the post by a short head, whilst Carlos, 8.3 was only a similar distance short of Becond money. Fifteen out of the four-and-twenty coloured on the card, declined to try their luok in the Welter Handicap, for which Dora was penalised 71b., bring ing up her weight to list. Even with this '.poultice" Mr. Cook's little mare found much favor, odds'of 0 to 4 being difficult to obtain about her at one time, although she ultimately started at 2 to 1; Canal, 8.8, being at 4's, and Ironsides, 9.8, at 5's. George Redfearn had the mount in the maroon and silver livery, and through want of practice or wishing to cut it too fine he allowed W. H. Pearson on Ironsides to finish in such close proximity to him that the judge declared it a dead heat, with Mare ohal Niel 10'8 third. At which the backers of Dora were completely "flabbergasted." The Messrs Miller are no believers in the system of "division" in such cases; and aB Dora had two races taken out of her it certainly looked the most moral of moral certainties that Ironsides would defeat her in the run-off; the consequence being that odds of 7 to 4 were freely offered against her. But the supposed "talent" were wofully astray in their reokoning, as young Redfearn waited behind the leviathan until well within the distance, when he let out a reef or two, and Dora sailed home the sweetest of winners by two lengths (in only half a second longer time than the raoe proper, mark you !) amidst such a tornado of applause and enthusiasm as 1 have not witnessed on a racecourse since Carbine carried oil the Melbourne Cup of 1890. One very old pal of mine-a former captain of the Carlton Football Club, when it was a power in the land-was very firm in his allegiance to Dora, actu ally accepting even money about her in the run-oil'. His argument was-" It'B all nonsense ! Blood must tell! Look at Ironsides 1 He's not a clean-blooded one- by Iron Horse from a Blondin marol Faugh ! Sam Cook's mare is sure to boat him. Sam wouldn't have her unless she was a clean-blooded one, and blood must tell 1" And, by Paterson, Laing and Bruce, blood did tell, and my old pal's judgment was once more exalted. Dora was originally the property of Mr. Frank .Fielder, who disposed of her to her present owner litstv March. She is a six-year-old by Chesham (Grnind Flaneur-Iiady Chester) from Remnant, a dnii^hter of Kingsborough (Kingston-Sappho) and ;Hd£Bond», the latter being by Little John (2) from Jewess, by Marquis (son of Dover) from a pure Arab mare, bred from stock imported to Now South Wales by the A.A. Co, in 1835. There we have it again, as we had it a quarter of a century ago, in the Autumn of 1872, when Saladia (Arab stock) wore down Flying Dutohraan in their third oncounter after two dend heats for the Aus tralian Cup, of two miles and a quarter. Never mind about the Dutchman having houestly won the first event j Saladin just aa honestly got home first in the second-albeit, the judge deoided both dead heats. But how did the staying Arab blood assert itaelf in the third joust! Why, you hnve only to tm'U up your Racing Revelations to learn that Mr. J. K. Ovooko'e gallant sou of Pegasus (Avab) u,ud Nutloai! ran the third essay (on the same tfuTj 3sec. of the first, and only 43eca record time of the nine preceding a J And that's where the ilUjfoetB oi Hani come in as regards the improvementottvj horses. Handicapping levels the "i0y down to the plane of the " dunghill," on J! the " dunghill" has all the best* transaction, as the list o£ winnings at J the season will doubtless verify-althouoW connection, a correct gauge can hardly bed as between Ironsides and Dora, seeiQc | Messrs. Millers' gelding is likely t0l fined to his class, whereas Dora 'J bability figure among " the elect," v;ith M inevitable result that she "will bump tip| few demonstrators of the truth o{ lJ line-« All time comes round to him svj ?wait. t The weights for the Y.R.C. Grand X Hurdle Race and Steeplechase-to be tun inington on July 8 and 10, were declared day, and as the scratching pen has alte brought into use pretty freely (Manais® Bay, Cedric, Murdoch and Hiruudo b-: drawn from the G. N. Hurdle Kaca apportionments became known) it is a thing to attempt to make any saV" the first forfeit day-next Monday. However, ns wagering has already ... in to some extent (Black Harry 10-12, Hi His Grace 9-13, Jack Hanwell 10-0, Lwl I So-and-So 11-2 , Soult 10-13, andTagMllj Hurdles being coupled with DoondiahlMl kin 13-7, Vigil 10-8, and Woonooka liJ Steeplechase at £500 to o) I may as will > ideas thereanent after due consideratiou, 1 At the time of writing it is matioal whether tbe New Zealand mtij put in ^n appearance,- but should St. Sk start fit^nd well he ought to "shake" sticks event, and as he is stated to bain® over the big timber the Steeplechase As real good thing for him with 12st. Coa* uroxfrnity of the tryst, however, and thoi) of a sea voyage during the winter < tremendously against him j and so we m pass him aside for the present. i To boil things down, Judge M'Culloc'ti» , four in the G. N. Hurdle Kaoe, andatpt«! 1 £ dLcera anything with a better J dower 9-10 should refc"rJJc mabtb 9'8. Th. Caulfleld urday, August 7) willbea b tbl doubt; the tot p® the fourney b.ingo 20O, and the third 100, a.N. Steel miles, the same as the O ^ Ucmle the following Saturday. ^ . ^oQCiiiy, afli 63 entries for the Hurdl ize in the la"1 the Steeplechase, the 1 Q andthethi] being 1000 sovs., the S6C^_ He is a Sporting point (not to say VeryJ- [J jj'ieinio^ strolling along the *a3^utlterad Er J Saturday afternoon ^° °u olcl fellow! <» and Harry Skinner. , y.K.O. as thoy the genial Kanger ot. the ood cond flesh, " Why you ^.i^^Obeao Ono,«I ever !"? " All 1" rephedjiho hja sorl,mpto thank Harry Skinner foi tba ' in8trUBl0Utal luncheons have been ma y wore««<* tivating the pimple. WW the W°st' r when you first came baok f ^ ffbl0h the Caterer; ' and thJ. pftjt ffhene'81 puzzling me for Bome tim £ fcho o0noli« seen you, until 1 have Lading another of you --^^tLspToved ti A ^ I notice that Mr. Jol>» KKTf(, reappointed to the ^^Aasmm llU handicapper to ttl0 " nrnQ yen-v. an increased salary of JOOUR V ^ ^ Mr. Smith is worth «^mlICu°J ho being in 0PVn Australia la.1 other handicapper i 8upp°rj0 ,!L(1 1)3 apportioning woigh . ho is«,8 , sot| allow me to mform you t ' t0 aa the bookmakers of 1 I He makes no Bocrflt of either, putting h" "Joff so that any°nof t^1G "ogitio» °f ^ KisfrtuSI would not aooopt tho p (< b(Widn? I. ^ J lis to Uo prohibited fro or»8pony® 1 1 have seen J{Jout, doings0, priefco* vim " aUQUW f^fnotable instance in this oonnec I8 jj; happened at Canning Park, where JLn»had handicapped a galloway to §,, ff]jicb the owner considered about Inch On mentioning bis belief to the I Mr, Smith replied that after due oon ffliBd come to the conclusion that he had MB with regard to Bessie's weight} he Uvea bar 7 lb. more. The owner didn't , who started at good odds (nobody 3 bar at the weight); but th© handi ;fli9o youra truly) did-arid she won,. I Bort of judge of racing J.H.S. is, and |u0 you that he is in the prime of life, $, 6 simdefon the portly side, is as fine leBtlemnn as you would meet in a very fmarch, I don't know that there is any. , I can add about him-save and isps, that he was at one' time a Brewer an enthusiastic and highly-successful iffesfc .Australian sportsman-Mr. Charles son a visit to Melbourne, and, in addition log a number of useful' blood and other bas also despatched some large consign beep and cattle, culled irom the fertile " to the Land of the West. jelds promise splendid sport at Caulfieldon Ly predilections for the various events time of writing being as follows: ce-Insurance or Gratiano. Richmond -Nudity or Twist. Cambria Plate Bomespun, or Merrijig. Steeplechase or Courtier. Cambria Purse - Carlos, (or Caibina. Selling Hurdle Race or E&rlston.; . ' on a time I did fancy I knew something laws and usages controlling Football, but; I must plead the densest jgnoranoe there* :ome respects. tance, whilst reading about the interesting p«d at Port Melbourn e on Saturday between town and the local team, 1 came upon a > development with regard to the kick-off isbiiid) which fairly staggered me. the morning dailies in commenting on the arVed-" Port Melbourne had the best of knitter, but could only add to the aoore in laud iWas not until within eight minutes they scored a goal and finally beat "u 5 points." . ' which th» report goes on to say, " One of (town's goals was practically a. gift, for, Is Association rule, when a ballis sent out Is from the kick-ofi it is brought back to the lore it was kicked-the ten yards line--and fck given to the other side, where it is riot jaiss a goal," t's the Law of the Victorian Football on that particular point-is it P "Well, re to aay is, that if such is the law; then, in iiof the illustrious Beadle Bumble, the law lost Unmistakable "Haas." And T will go sand nominate that the franters' of suoh a »ven more Asinine still, Because the ball happens to be " sent . Bounds--Say by a sudden guBt of wind-from {.off, therefore the field umpire is compelled to opposite side to have a freei kick within '. of the citadel: Why the thing's prepos i As" Observer " naively remarks, the goal is ! ly a" gift," as ^ js not easy to miss it from MstMlOO. viheo, or where, or how-in the nam# of Baenael-did Buch an innovation creep into FMiation oode of rules. I remember some LnrSru'? boing brought in to prevent a t utrom directing his, lino of projection in I ooutieaity to the boundary, when tho L» kft,t?e.klok' Provided in the opinion of L4> deliberately attempted to send the _Tf b°Wda with his effort. kooanto too much of a tax on tho Knt n , ,!6 "-djudioate as to whether the 'Idaovl^ ^ bounds from th« kick-off t»_,, ,.0r " °f malice prepense and afore «ia hi of the law put it. There in dm*a<.,6 r£H* the effect that should WuldU -0 bounds from tho kick-off a free tha bull to opposite side at the spot 8bal1 wont out of bounds. 1\. . hftimV J the spot where the ball went .10 v!8'i the spot where it was kicked a milf « 1U. ^ront g0'11- The ploa that a ?Wv liL 'night carry the ball over the hold n?H,Ift8Bover"r«lod on the score that, with Wli' n ?l'ont oi! him, if the kickor-off was j ,vj,J ftnxioua to 8ond the ball on one par 'Woncto, Jf prepared to abide the na aelayeTaUC1°eBat'Vll S^oti trough which *a nn^ 9^ Bitch paramount I 18 winter of Jubilee to oall for much comment other than dryasdust details, and last Saturday's I appe nd. TTp to thra e-quarter time Port Melbourne held a commanding lead oyer Williamstown-20 points to 4} but the latter wired in amain during the final quarter and succeeded in squaring the yarda as regarded goals, though they failed to register an equal number of behinds. Pinal result-Port Mel bourne 34 points (4 goals 10 behinds), Williamstown PoinyS £oals 5 behindo), Goalkickers: Port ; Melbourne-Johnston, Daly, Powell, Fitzpatrick. vyilliamstown -Kennerson, Warren, Fagan, and Hall. * The Richmond lads journeyed down to Footsoray, and for_tbe first quarter had equally as much to say in the fortunes of the day as the locals, there being a difference, of 2 points between them at the cross-over. But th©n: the Footsoray forwards 5 £°ala and a similar number of behinds whilst holding the visitors down to 8 behinds ; and although Richmond responded gallantly afterwards, by negotiating 5 goals 2 behinds, the representa tives of Stoneapolis secured an ultimate triumph by 81 points (8-13) to 44 (0-8.) Goalkickers : Foots oray-Clayton 2, Gabel 2, Gregory 2, Grunden, and Rutley. Richmond-Elder 3, Ryan 2, Snow. Although Brunswick were " at home" so far as the playing ground was concerned, they were very much." abroad " in the matter of goal-kicking, and as their couple of goals cost them more than four times that number of behinds, it-was small cause for wonderment that they should fall prone before North Melbourne, the result'being a viotory for the Northerners by 67 points (8-9) to 21(2-9.) Goal kicker* : North Melbourne-Taylor 2, H. Launder 2, Murray 2, Graham, and Carlton. Brunswick-M. O'Loughlin, Ryan. After aight years' good and faithful service in the I football field (during which,term he has donned the Red for Melbourne and the Yellow and Black for Richmond), R. Kelly, the captain of Richmond, has played his last match in senior football. Sturdy and vigorous ever, Kelly was yet an objeofc lesson as to how the great winter pastime can be played "as between gentlemen," and although his comrades of Richmond, and the supporters of the olub generally, cannot but deplore'the less of suoh a good man and true, it is with the heartiest feelings of gratification they recognise the fact that, having secured the "mark" of his life, he is now in a fair way to achieve the " goal " of human happiness. EXACT POSITIONS OF ASSOCIATION CLUBS TO DATE. Club. Port Melbourne,. Footsoray North Melbo'rne Richmond Brunswick Williamstown . v « >'?'"4 CP. CO 00- 00 450 49- 7-1 368 89- 07 301 44- 041328 28- SO 108 83- 471245 29- 31 30- 48 37- 64 59- 70 58-97 34- 02 Principal ASSOCIATION GOAL-KICKERS. Paley (Port Melb.) ! Rowan (Port Melb.) ... Rutley (Footsoray) ... Elder (Richmond) Ryan (Richmond) Pitcher (Richmond) ... Hillyer (Brunswick) ... Grunden (Footscray),.. Gregory (Footsoray).,, Shannon (Port Melb.) H. Launder (N. Melb.) Taylor (N. Melbourne) O'Loughlin (Brriswok) Bfayer. (Richmond) ... W. Warren (Wilmstn) Kennerson (Wilstown) Wilkins (Williamston) 22 Soott (Williamstown) 16 Charles (Willimston) 14 Worroll (Willimston} 14 Guthrie (Willimston) 9 Barty (N. Melbourne) , 7 Torpey (North Melb.) o E. Launder (N, Melb.V 6 Houston (N. Melbrne) 6 Morgan (Port Melb.) 5 Henderson (P. Melb.) .5 Johnson"(Port Melb,) 4 Powell (Port Melbne) 4 Fitzpatrick (P. Melb.) " 4 Drew (Footsoray) ... 4 Armstrong (Footsory^ 4 Johnson (Brunswick) 4 Ryan.(BrunBwick) ... .4 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 8 8 8 8 8 8 A picked 20'from'the League,clubs fared badly in a trial of skill against a Combined team from the Ballarat clubs, even although the Metropolitan con tingent had the advantage of the trysb taking place on the Fitzroy ground. The result was a complete triumph for concerted play as against a desire for individual aggrandisement 5 albeit, in the matter of skill-©specially aa ovinood by hand-ball play the representatives of the mining centre were quite up sides with their bretbron of the town. The latter w&r;© never able to solace themselves with the Bam® reflection in so far as the Baores were concerned, the '.alluvial" men having them stuck in the mullock from the start, and careering home splendid winners by 89 points (13-11) to 61 (8-6.) Goal-kiokera . Uallarat-Wanliss 4, Powell 2, Robertson 2, Grellan, M'Grath, Sells, Richardson, Kittz. League-Banks 2, O'Grady 2, Waugh, Moysey, Windley, M'Kay. EXA.OT POSITIONS OB1 IiEAGtUE CLUBS TO DATE. MoVbowrne . Esflondou . ? 1 ,. Oollinjfwooct \\... Boutli Melbourne i I'lliaroy ., 1 « QoeloiiK../ Oo-rlton ,,,. Principal Leaottb Goal-Kickeks. . Le.'th (Melbourne) ... 11 Kioruan (Fitzroy) ... 4 James (Geelong) ... 9 Lnrnley (Fitzroy) ... 4 Tulloch (Collingwood) 7 M'Guinnesa (Melbrne) 4 Smith (Collingwood)... 7 Moodie (Melbourne).. 4 Ocock (Carlton) ... 6 Gregory (Collingwod) 4 Young (Melbourne) ... 6 Dowdeil (Collingwod) 3 Moysey (Melbourne)... 6 Calleson (Collingwod) 3 M'Cullocli (Melbourne) 5 Salt eld (Esaendon) ..." 3 M'Kay (S. Melbourne) 5 Croft (Esaendon) ... 3 Minahan (S. Melborne) 5 ft a van (Essendon) ... 3 Coles (Geelong) .. ... 5 Sweetman (Carl+on).. 3 Waugh (Essendon) ... 5 Ca,ffrey (Carlton) ... 3 Cleghorn (Esaendon)... 4 Enfield (Geelong) ... 3 Collins (Essendon) ... 4 Joe M'Shane (Geeliig) 3 Stewart (St. Kilda) ... 4 Ahern (St. Kilda) ... 3 J. Grace (Fitzroy) ... 4 Hogan (St.'Kilda) ...' " 3 Collingwood routed South Adelaide (the premiers of South Australia) on the Adelaide Oval* on Satur day by 53'points (8-5) to 40 (0-i4.) Norwood xnanagedto administer the first defeat to the Magpies in South ' Australia, but only';by a single point after a magnificent game. This'was last Monday, when the signal to "cease firing: " left the pcorea-Norwood 51 points' (7-9);'Colling wood 50 (7-8.) To-morrow's senior football fixtures are as follows s -Brunswick v. Port Melbourne, at Brunswick? North Melbourne v. Footscray, at. North Melbourne; Williamstown v."Richmond, at "Williamstown ; Mel bourne v. Collingwood, at Melbourne; South Mel bourne v. Essendon, at South Melbourne;' Geelong v. Fitzroy, at Geelong . St. Kilda v. Carlton,J at St. "Kilda. The following Lacrosse matches are set'down for decision to-morrow A " Division-.Collingwood v. Carlton, at Col ling wood j Essendon v. South Mel bourne, at Essendon ; Flemington v. Melbourne, at Flemington ; Hawthorn v. University, "at Hawthorn. " B " Division-Glenferrie v. Auburn, at Glenferrie j South Melbourne v. Melbourne, at South Melbourne; University v. Brighton, at University. The Lacrosse team .selected to represent' South Australia in the matches "against Victoria and New South Wales, to take place in Melbourne during Grand National week (July 3 to July 10) is consti tuted as follows s-Auld, Ayers, Cornish,' Cussen, Downer, Drew, Fotheringham, Kell. Kin?. H. Mildred, Newland, A. Rofman, Stuart, from which a final selection of 12 will be made. . F. Acraman, who was also brie of the elect, failed to get the neoessairy leave of absence. Although it has been an institution in Victoria for a number of years' until last week I never took the trouble to attend a Coursing meeting. And I don't know that ever I should have done so had it not been for the fact that some twenty months back Mr. James Swan, of Camberwell, insisted oav~ breeding mei a greyhound. / Well, in due course the progeny of Faugh-a-ballagh and Hazewell came to hand, and as he grew to be a home pet nothing would do but he had to be expat riated to West Australia wheti yours truly sought therein fresh woods arid pastures new. However, a residence of olose on a twelvemonth there convinced yours. tr\ily that it didn't suit either his constitution or his "dawg's," and ao the good boat Wollowra (Captain ,W. G. Vincent-and who but heP) landed the pair of us back again-much sadder and wiser in so far as the biped part of the twain was'ooncerned. Then, whan the Coursing season bame round, the "purp" had to be entered for a puppy stakes,-. the Lavertoit Puppy Stakes, and as he had never seen a hare in his life (they are not indigenous in W.A., and are hardly likely to acclimatise there) ho didn't stand the ghost of a show against one of the oelebrated Goldsmith-The Witch litter in tha opening round, albeit he had the honour of taking' down another novice pointless in a private ooursaat the Valley the following day. That's how I oame to taokle Coursing. And; now, having tackled it, I will give you my opinion respecting "the sport of the leash." In the first place, Moonee Valley is an ideal spot' for a Plumpton (or enclosed ground) meeting. Of course the old school of Coursers, who w'ere wont to travel miles upon miles in the open before a hare was beat up-look upon Plumpton as a sort of bas tard sport j but for all that ome does not want to take his pleasure sadly, especially when one gets on the shady side of the forties, and-another thing poor puss has far and away the best chance of saving her scut where there are esoapea than what she has in the open. To hark back to my remark that Moonee Valley is an ideal spot for a Plumpton; 'Mr. A. U. Oox deserves every praise for the completeness with which the various details connected with the mSfct ing were carried oiit. But-and here come** in such a very big " butt" indeed that I must fain do justio® to it by commencing another paragraph. i The attendance of the public was not who,t should have been by long, long chalks. Never mind about how people were " sickened" of the sport: in the early days of Coursing: in the colony .when gentlemen of means patronised it, until they became so disgusted with the vile tactics rasorted to by individuals who chipped in for mere mercenary considerations that they severed their connection .with it once and for ever. I know all about that miserable business, and with the knowledge full upon me, I have no hesita tion in saying that once more Coursing has a bright prospect before it if Mr. A. H. Cox«and other pur veyors but offer some inducements for the public to "catch on " again. And the First Inducement must be a Guarantee that Everything will be On the Square and Aboveboard. To ensure this a judge must be (as Csosar's wife was expected to be, though she was divorced for "missing the 'bus") above suspicion. And a Coursing Judge to be above suspicion must be a most remarkable being-as Coursing judging is at present carried out. Why, a Lightning Calculator isn't a circumstance ralongside him. What with "half-points," "points," " two points," and even " three points," to each dog-perchance alternately there's no man that ever drew the breath of life but what'of necessity would at times get so mixed up that a blunder is inevitable. And, mind you, the vast majority of the spectators are in equally as good a position as he is to gauge the points each doe mates: . Therefore I would have the judge placed in a look out tower, somewhat after the fashion of Mr. i. F. Dakin's coign of vintage at Flemington) in the centre of the ground, and let him call out the various points as they were made to an amanuensis, who could jot them down. Then when the course was decided the points could be totted up and the winning" flag hoiated. Under such a system every thing wOuld work as by rule of thumb. Then, again, were I Mr. Cox X should have a " two-bob " compartment on the opposite side to the present " dress circle." You see five shillings admission each day is something more than a bit prohibitive these times, and with a screen fixed Up to block the gaze of those spectators, who at present patronise "the road," and a: moderate tariff to enahle them to participate in the sport within comfortable surroundings (not the least of which would be the opportunity certain to be afforded of backing their fancies), the Moonee Valley proprietary would derive a very acceptable revenue meeting after meeting. And Coursing would become a very popular pas time. More especially if Mr. Cox could see his way dear to have " trial" days for two or three weeks prior to the opening of the season, when bona-fide puppies could be afforded an opportunity of scoot ing after a hare, and thus have inculcated the rudiments of their future profession. A fairly good hare would be certain to escape, and were such trial fee but 5s. a hare instead of 10s. I am fully convinced that the concession would result in a large addition to the rankj of Coursing men. , The sport is a healthful, manly recreation, and could be kept much cleaner than horse-racing has been. Despite the fact that a uumber of gentlemen 'have " slung in their marbles" for the present-or, perchance, for aye-the Coursing world still moves on ; and though "these doughty warriors have passed away, yet men quite as good crop up alway." In witness whereof I may cite the names of the Brothers Pearson (Messrs. A. B. and J. B. of that ilk) and the Hodges Brothers-gentlemen whose con nection with any branch of pastime or sport is ever and always in the direction of levelling upwards, and never with an idea of personal gain. ? Fraulein II. (by Teuton-High Thought)-said to be thevproperty of Mr. E. Power-was declared the winner of the Valley Cup, for 64 all-ages; whilst another of the same, litter-The Ghost-was ad judged to have defeated Single Tax in the second round of the Braybrook Stakes, for 16 all-ages. ^In both instances the decision of the judge was oalled into question by the majority of the spectators, who were specially pronounced when Mr. W. Stapleton's Socialist.-Suavity dog Single Tax was declared to hive been defeated. . The Laverton Stakes, for 32 puppies, terminated in a decision between Mrs. D. M. Macgillicuddy's Kate HardciFfcle and. Mr. Kelly's Goldspur. 