THE CUBAN PATRIOT. No new complexion is (remarks a contemporary) put upon Cuban affairs by the death of Maceo. That he was an able soldier, who thoroughly out-generalled the Spanish leaders put into the field to oppose him, no one can doubt, but the Cubans generally have proved themselves such born adepts in the science of guerrilla warfare that it is quitp on the cards there are half a dozen insurgents all or any of whom are ready to take his place. Besides this. Maceo was only one of the instruments—a clever one no doubt —but although Sometimes acting independently, always under the orders of the astute and inflexible Gomez, whose son died by Maceo's side. And wha:t an ignoble death at-the finish, to be slain by a cowardly assassin, who should be flayed alive for committing such a deed on a great foe, wounded, and craving for water. The dying Maceo, lacerated by lead and steel, and suppressing with stoical dignity his moans, irresistibly reminds one of Marmion— And ha.lf he murmured, is there none Of all my halls have narked, Page, groom, nor squire, one drop to bring Of blessed water from the Spring, To quench my dying thirst?" Alas for poor Maceo, there was no Lady Clare to assuaze bis pain, only a demoniac Spaniard, who ruthlessly blew the patriot's brains out, although in no manner of danger himself. Maceo was not only fighting for a great cause, but to avenge hisoivn private wrongs. Twenty yfears ago his father's farm was burnt down by some Spanish soldiery with the full knowledge of the authorities, his mother was whipped, and his three sisters outraged. From that moment Maceo and his three brothers, all agriculturists, resolved to devote their lives to the extermination of the conqueror, and who shall blame them? With the death of Maceo the quartette of brothers will have " yielded up the envious ghost" to the manes of their country. It is all very well for those who do not go into the question of Cuba's wrongs to blame the Americans for talking about interference, but after the centuries of Spanish misrule it would be giving new life to the jjearl of the Antilles if the States incorporated her or insisted on the Spaniards giving her a full autonomy. That, Spain is sick to death of the war in which 20,000 of her sons have bitten the dust is evident to dwellers in the Peninsula, but we shall all be able to understand this when the Cortes meets, and the question of ways and means is discussed. Those who are unfortunate enough to be holders of Spanish bonds will then be able to appreciate the ruin which these Cuban campaigns means for Spain. As for the island itself, there will be a famine there in less than a year, for the fields are lying desolate, and there is no tobacco crop; but that is in itself good news for smokers, as the best soils of the Havana will improve by getting a year's rest. THE LATE GENERAL A. HACKO. 