WESLEYAN LOCAL PREACHEES' ASSOCIATION. SECOND ANNUAL REPORT. Your committee, recognising that the initiatory stage is the most trying to all institutions, are thankful to be called upon to present their second annual report. Our Association stands identi fied with one of the most faithful and useful companies constituting the church militant. 'Whatever may be said of tbe need, ability, and faithfulness of the ministery of local preachers to Methodism, at any rate all the world over and all her history through it has been one of her towers of strength and most aggressive agencies. We know there is a strong band of valued brother hood which binds all true Methodists the wide world over, but it is so general, so comprehensive in its sphere as to fail of necessity in supplying the special wants and aspirations of the numerous clasR called local preachers, whose duties, responsibilities and diffi culties are peculiar to their sacred avocation. Isolation, and difficulties attending the attainment of the fullest equipment for their work, want of opportunity for consultation and ex change of ideas have long been felt by mauv local preachers as greatly in terfering with the success and pleasure of their work. To remove these difficul ties, and in part open the way for a more pertect acquaintance with the meaning of the ' written word ' and acquire the moBt successful method of presenting saving truths to others were among the reasons moving those whose efforts have been crystalised in the formation of tbe Local Preachers' Association. We offer no word of apology or defence for the office of local preacher. It is largely a creation of Methodism and is still our possession and glory. The best informed and most devoted of Grod's people welcome it and neither the church nor the world can do without it till old things pass away and all things become new. We are fully conscious that in view of the necessity and field before us, our operations are aa the tiny rivulet, but we hope with the increase of resources, which comes as we proceed onwards, to assume ampler proportions and attain to greater usefulness. The difficulties in the way of reaching the objects in view, are both general and particular. To enlist the full sympathy and secure the practical co-operation of any consider able body of people is always a mattbr of time and labour, and the experience of your committee is that our local preachers form no exception to this rule. Then there are peculiar difficul ties caused ,by the extent over which circuits are scattered and the distance brethren reside from each other, and from the centre of operations, obstacles which in thickly populated countries are but Blightly felt, but here considerably impede our progress. This very isolation, however, makes more necessary the existence of such an association as ours and supplies reasons why every local preacher in our church should become an active member thereof. Let it not be forgotten that our association is essentially a co operative one and can only produce its best fruitB when the co operation is extensive and hearty. Keep ing in view this fundamental principle, we ara quite prepared to be judged by our fruits when the co- operation is commensurate with the necessities of our brethren and the objects of our Association. When we remember there are 138 Local Preachers in the city and suburban circuits, and 518 in the colony, are we not fully justified in saying reason would that our Associa tion was more justly appreciated by those whose profit and pleasure it is designed to increase ? The ordinary meetings of our As sociations are held in the Centenary Hall, York-street, Sydney, on the last Friday of the month, and have been fairly well attended. It is not ex aggerating to Bay that the papers read and the addresses delivered have been able, instructive, and interesting, while the general discussions which followed were marked by considerable ability, being devotional and educational. Nor is this to be wondered at, seeing some of our ablest and most revered Ministers and Local Preachers were among the contributors. The range and nature of the subjects treated may be inferred from the year's programme, which was as follows: — 'Evolution,' Rev. W. H. T. Pincombe ; ' Outlines of Sermons,' by several members ; a review of Dr. Watson's ' Mind of the Master,' Eev. Gr. Martin; 'The Person oF Christ,' Rev. W. Clarke : ' The Soul,' Hon. J. S. Larke ; ' The Mission of St. Paul,' Mr. R. W. Conway ; ' Anti-Christian Socialism,' Mr. W'. Eobson ; ' Books, and how to Bead Them,' Mr. J. C. Warner; 'Difficulties met with in directing Penitents to Christ,' Rev. W. W. Rutledge ; and 'The Duty of the Church in relation to the Drink Ques tion,' Mr. A. L. Dash. Arrangements have been made to give members who desire it the benefit of reading at least 10 books during the year on the payment of an annual sub scription of 5s to the Book Club, the books at the end of the year being dis tributed among the subscribers. We have also suggested the formation of Local Unions in the more distant circuits, and affiliation with this Associa tion, which would, we believe, be helpful, both locally and generally, in many ways. We are pleased to know that an Association of the Local Preachers of all the Methodist Churches Has been es tablished in the Newcastle District, with the Hon. J. Blankeby as its first President. Our Association has gladly and promptly responded to any requests from Superintendents of circuits to send brethren to take services where and when required, and we would re mind those in charge of circuits needing help that such applications, if sent to Mr. J. B. Youdale, 108 Pitt-street,, Sydney, will receive careful attention. Desiring to extend the usefulness of the Association as much as possible, permission has been given to members to invite Local Preachers of our own and stater Churches to be present at our monthly meetings. Members, by freely exercising this privilege, may in no small degree assist the Association and brethren not fully acquainted with the advantages of attending the regular' meetings. In conclusion, your Committee would; tender their sincere and hearty thanks to Lewisham Local Preachers and Ladies' Church Aid Association for their kind invitation to hold our last Annual Meeting in their circuit, and for the ample provision made for our comfort. Again commending this Association to all our Local Preachers as worthy of their sympathy, prayers, and help, we pray that throughout the coming year there may descend upon all who minister the Word, and those who wait on their ministry, the gift of the Holy G-host. ' Spirit of truth and love, Life-giving, holy dove, * Speed forth thy flight ; Move on the water's face, Spreading thy beams of grace, ' And in earth's darkest place - Let there be light.' 