THE HAUNTICD HANSOM. Wo bad been telling stories of thoso strange warnings from tho spirit world which meu have somotime* had of events which were to happen, or had happened on this earth, when a member of the club, whom noue of us had even spoko to beforo, came up to the corner of tho smok ing-room wheco we wero sitting. His manner war that of a roticent man who was mastered by an overpowering impulse to tell a story. 44 1 daresay you fellows may remember the case they called tbe Putney Heath Mystery,' bo said, ' though it happened a good many yrtars ago ? ' ' Yes, I remember it,' said one of our num ber, 44 though after all there was nothing very mysterious about it.' ' No, not an it camo out in court ;/-but there was a mystery about it that the public never heard of. It related not to the crime itself, but to the way tbe detectives were first put on the acent of tho evidence that brought tbe prisoner's guilt home to bim,' Theu he told tho following tal&s; It is a story I havo uot told for a long time, for I don't like being chaffed about it. But as you fellows have beon talking about that sort of tbiug I can't help telling it to you. It is tweuty years ayo since that case. At tbo time Iwasayouug fellow, just getting through tbe little money 1 camo into whon I came of age. I was a member of this club theu, and ono night I bad bc-n iu tho cardiooin upstaira until three o'clock in tho morning. The other fellows I had been playing with went a di0erent way home, and thoy took tho only hansom there was waiting outside, aud I was left to walk homo by myself. 1 remember quite well that as 1 hurried up into the Strand I was feeling gloomy and dis contented with myself. It bad been rainiug,and the lights of the street lamps were blurrod and s r ? -nod to be rufleoted from the wet pavements. I could ouly see one cowering figure, and tho. long street scemod to be unusually deserted even for the hour when London sleeps. I thought that perhaps I should not find a cab even at Charing Cro&s; to tako me to Ebury street, where I lived ; and 1 felt that the walk there would be lonely and unpleasant. What a fool I was, and in what a feeble way 1 was wasting my lifo and throwing away all my chances, I thought, aa I walked. Just then a hansom, crawling along, turned from Catherine street into the Strand. ?* That's all right. Jump in, sir ; you're the first faie I havo had all night,' said tbo driver, as he pulltd up for ino. Well, I was iu some nort of* luck after all iu geitiug a uab so soon, I thought, as I pulled opeu tho doors. Then I started aud looked round to the driver. 'What is tha matter with your faco ?'1 asked, for I bid seen huddled up on tho floor of tbe cab, with hia bead on tbe seat, a gontlemau in oveuing clothes, who seemed to bo hopelosily intoxicated. *' You seem to have forgotten about bim, aud I prefer to have a cab to my self.' 44 Havo a cab to yourself ! You'll want a padded room to yourself — that's what you'll want pretty noon, governor. Come, jump in, and don't give in to it, or you will find yourself waking up in Bow Street Station,' answered tho driver. ' 1 tell you there is somoone in there,' I re plied ; 44 see for youraolf.' 'Theu he's got in unbeknown to me,' said tbe mau, 4* aud you can ti-11 him to clrar out.' 41 Turn bim out yourself. I won't havo any thing to do with bim,' I said, and 1 remember feeling almost startled at tho terrified tone of my own voice, while I realised that it would be hard for me to bring myself again to look iuto that cab at the huddled figure that lay iu tbe corner. There is souiotbing wrong with bim. He is dead,' I found myself saying almost in voluntarily. 44 It's easy to flee what's tho matter with you. It's what corous having plenty of money to , pay for your driuk'. 'But come, jump in, and tclf me where to drive you to afore you forgets it, or you'll bo thinking yourself the Prince of Wales or the Emperor of Russia. Here, 1 will shew you that there is no one iu. You will bo a troublevomo fare enough, but I uin't going to leave a gent in tbe street,' said the driver, who seemed to be a good-natured follow enough. Then he jumped oil:' tho box, grumbling to him- j self, and opening tbe doors of the cab asked me where the gentleman was. Ah I looked over his shoulder in to the cab I could not answer tho qucRtiou, for wherever tho mau in drcss-elothes was he was certainly uo longer in tbo cab. 44 Better get iu, sir, and got home.'' said tbe i ! driver I I felt, however, that nothing would induco mo to drive borne in tho cab whero I bad seen that man in dress clothos. So I gave tbe man 1 a shilling, wbioh soothed bis temper, and mado him so fur communicative that be told me that he hated tho cab as uiuch as I did, and with better reason, for be bad uever bad a good day since he first took it out, a week before. 44 It's the number, may be — 1313. Anyhow, somebody else tnuy drive it, for I shan't any more. But there ain't been no geutloman in it, drunk or sober, live or dead, tbis blessed night,' 6*id the man as be drove oil. 1 must say I felt rnther nervous as 1 walked home through the rain to Ebury-street. Was this singular doluniou tbe beginning of some mysterious illness ? No, I felt quite well. The only curious hymptom wan that I could not get the figure I had seen out of my mind. I had only caught a glance of the man in the cab, and yet I seemed losec him vividly when I tried to recall him. 1 could remember all bin features distinctly, aud the grey colour of his face. All through the utaht 1 was hauuted by that face Wben I woke up, though it was a bright, suuuy day, I could not get it out of my mind. Though I had been wasting my time, stopping up till three o'clock playing cards, I had a lot of work to do. It was only a month to sending-in day, and I had two picture s for the Academy to fiuish. I was bound to make the best uso of the preseut sunshine. Yet when I went iuto uiy studio I.sat for some timo unable to do any thing. and wben I did turn to work it was to do something quito useless. For two hours I worked away at a picture of the figure that haunted mo — tbe man iu dre^s clothes that I bad seeu lying on tbe floor of the cab, with his bead resting on the seat. Yes, be was dead, I said to myself, as I looked with something akin to admiration at my sketch, which seemed to ho be almost the cleverest thing 1 bad ever done. 1 felt inclined to tear up tbe sketch, which seemed to rne to be terrible and gruesome, bat some impulse prevented my doing po. 1 put it uway, uud settled to my work. Iu a way J fouud that the trro hours I bad spent over the sketch were uot , altogether wasted, for after I had it I ; was able to work away at my picture without : my thoughts straying back to my adventure of 1 the previous oveniog. I suppose it would have beeu wiser if I had kept my story to myself, for 1 was a good deal chaffed about it, and though I am a temperate mau enough many people believed that 1 had left the club, where 1 had beon playing curds that evening, ou tbe verge of an attack of de lirium tremfus. Still, there are some stories which ono cannot help U'Jliog, and with most people anything approaching to a ghost story is of that character. The chaff I always encoun tered I used to consider was stupid, and in bad taitc. About a week after my adventure there j were some balf-dozeu men smoking in my ; studio, and of course thoy got me to tell them all about it. / 1 VE\' ' Well,' I said, when my venture wok r\\- ceivcd with more or less incrcduHty, 44 all I caiy say is that this is what I saw,' and oponmg a . drawer I took out tbo sketch I xnado and passed it round; ' - ua 44 It's a very clover bit of work, anyhoir,'.^-'- said Glozzard, tbe art critio ; 44 isn't it. Bill ?' and he passed it to Bill Somes, & young follow, wiio bad lately begun to do a great deal of work for the illustrated papers. 44 It looks as if i^ wore the likeness of somebody.' Ji 44 Likeness !' oxclaimed Somes, after ' 0 looked at it. 44 1 tell you what it is, you. a very ghastly turn of humour to draw tbis pic . ^ ture to bolster up yourstory. Why, it is exactly i as bo looked wheu thoy found him.', .. ' vl 41 Who ? What do you mean?' I asked, and; . I pterod iuto Somea's face to see if be Wero', chaffing me, and felt perfectly certain . that ^^1 was not. 44 Tom Loring. Do you mean to say you B. never kuew him ?' T 44 1 uover saw him in my life, unless I flaw, , bim that- morning.' '? ' All I can aay in tbat a fortnight ago he was V found dead on Putney Heath, dressed as you ' draw bim, with a phial which had contaiuod - audanum by hiai. You must have read of ,it iu tho papers— the 4 Putney Heath Maytery'V they call it. I knew him well, for he owned .X ?? lot of race-korscu, aud was a mau who wa' V good deal about. Of coursev it looked like ; suicide ut first, bnt the police aro doubtful.' : ' 1 waa uot chaffed much more that evuuing, 'ft for tbe otbor men, two of whom had known Loriug by sight, were much impressrd by my story. f 44 It is not the sort of story tbey are likeljr to . pay much heed to at Scotland Yard,' said ^ Somes after we bad talked for somo time, 4* but I know the detcctive who is looking after tha^ caso, and I would like to tell it to bim; and show him the picture. You had better go there ' with me to- morrow.' 1 I agreed to this, and tho next day Somes and 1 interviewed Inspector Sharp, who had charge' 44 We don't go much on spirits of that sort Ej down tbo Yard,' said tbe inspector when I bad rim told him my story and shewn bim myekotcb,: Jg but thia is the liviug, or rather the dead, image of what wo fouud un Putney Heath. And thcra .'J must havo been a cab in the case, the one in : which the geutleman, dead or alive, was taken ' down to tho Heath. Number 1313. Well, I will Jj look it up, though 1 should be obliged if you - would not tell auyono about this, for 1 wouldn't , like it to be supposed that I isteuud to such a } story.' ' ( The inspector did look up cab Number 1313 People who can recall tho details of tlm Putonj Heath mystery will remember what iu imporC . ant witness the cab driver waa, Tho prisoner* had paid bim a heavy prioe for the u*o or hi cab for a night. The use it was put to waa U - drive Loring's body down to Putney Hnat fc Loring had been killed by an overdose of Jau-tv: anum, administered to bim by people who out*, wiahed to /drug bim, and rob bim of a lari^ sum of money he had been paid tbat evening. '* Their objt-ct, of course, was to make itappe«i . that the unfortunate man . had committed suicide. But the Putney Heath Mystery is a loug an*, an old story. My connection with it, which i-. - tbe strangest part of the story, never came ou; iu evidence. I don't suppose balf-a-dt zen people, have ever wondered bew the police got the cluc ? to the ex-cahmnn wbo hud lent bis c:«b to the persons who sent Mr. Loriug out of the world.- , Certainly I cauoot explain .tbo ^tory. 1 eau onlj tell it as it occurred me. Hidden away in my desk I still havj the sketch I drew of tb»; . figure iu the hansom. I certainly never drew ' so well as on that occasion. Sometimes whmi £ : look at it — as I do every now uud then — i{ seems that there is somethingstr&ngcaudalmoa;* supernatural in the life and expression of evorv line. But thut may be mere fancy. The cot*', victiou of the accused in tbe Putuev Heath Mystory is a solid fact. ? Inspector fcsharp, of Scotland Yard, is not likely soou to forget the/ evidence 1 brought him. 44 We have all sorts of queor stories broug. fe to us at Scotland Yard,' he said to me the' other day when wo met and had aglasso't/ wine together, ' but that case of yours waa tbe.-v only instance I evor kuew of our acting on ii*/ . ' formation received from tho other world !'* . .. 