' pobuanzd by-Special Ariiaxoeiiknt. The Lovers Quest. By ERNEST .GLANVILLE, Author o£ " The Lost Heiress," " The Fossicker," " A Fair Colonist," " Tho.Goldon Rook," &c.;, &o.; 7 \- ' Copyrioht. CHAPTER XXYIH.— Continued.), UR way goes through that cloft up thoro, as tho rock lies not, old man.' And he wont on ovor the rising ground, among stones that wore hot to tho touch, till ho stood in the cleft itself whero'thoro was somo shade and a breeze coming up from tho val ley beyond. Ho hud como so far expecting he knew not what surprise, and there was nothing but a lone val loy with a dry watercourse running though, and many ourious piles of stones scattered ahout, and a cluster of trcos in the centre. 1 The rock has lied,' said Miles, bit- terly. See, thoro is nothing.' .'My word, baas, hero is the young ' missy's ring.' Miles turned and snatohod the gold hoop. ' Whore did you find that?' ho said, \ hoarsely. 'Jeshere; the baas did put his foot ,. on it. My Gott, sieur, Stoffel haf pass this way. They haf not come tho way we did, but straight across from the river below the donga, and they must bo hear now. Keop down, my baas, keep down in the shade, and maybo we can see sign beforo they see us.' Miles sat down, trembling Blightly, and tho two of them in silence watched . the desolate valley, tho hoaps of stones that told of man's work, and tho soli tary grove of troes that scorned to bo growing from a mound. It was surtily . a valley of the dead, haunted by soalv uncouth lizards, ono of whom, in the I blazing sun a few yards off bobbed his / , ugly blue head up and down in ourious j regard of the crouching figures, haunted V by such as that and nothing olse. Stay, there was some live thing among the o stones — an old pay man, bent, -with j long arms hanging and orookod legs, .1 stumbling among tho stones, whioh he j turned over as he slowly went, and i paused to stuff his mouth with what he ( found. \ ... .'See,, the : old man- baboon;? oried Hans. .( The creature, gray with ago, came | slowly towards them, then by a pilo of < : stones disappeared, ' to emorgo again at I some distance, where stood another / ' heap. ! . ' Mafootie!' oried the old man in astonishment, 'Ho must have gone underground. . Sons, those stones havo been loft there ' men many years hack.' ' I havo heard such tale, siour. Thoy dug for gold, and havo scon myself the pits they mnde, but nefer so many as horo.' / Thoy sat and watched, still with that huddled gray form moving slowly about, but novor a sign of living human beings. 'Hans, lot us striko along the ridge, and work round below tho valloy, and search it from tho lowor sido. If thoro are men horo they will watch tho cleft,' ' Oh, ja, thoy aro hid here, my baas. Thoy havo como far, and tho young missy would bo tired.' Thoy bucked out from tho narrow passage and wont to tho left, on tho sido of tho ridgo further from tho valloy, thon struck out at right angles, and when they hod walkod a milo or so thoy turned again into tho lowor end of tho valloy, looking now up to tho, ridgo whero thoy hud stood with tho mound of troos botween. Still, tho place wus silent as tho grave. Even the old baboon had moved away, and yet thoy hesitated to approaoh tho mound-, and the rock heaps in tho light of day. But whon tho shadows crept across thoy stole from thoir hiding place, going along tho old watorcourso that led up by tho treos, . and presently, treading stealthily, thoy came to tho mound. The lowor base of it was buttressed with _ creeping plants so interwoven that it was impossible to force an en trance. Thoy circled it twice, listening in vuin for any sound, and then wont further up to find a yawning pithy each pile of stones. Tho night breeze sighed mournfully out of tho holes, but thoro cumo no othor noiso, and in the pitch darknoss, their spirits were de pressed. For a long time thoy stood leaning on their rifles, trying in vain to pieroo tho gloom, and listening intently. ' My word ! ' said Hans. ' This is a slcgte place. It is hero where spooks como.' ' Wlioro did you find the ring, old rami ? Toll tho truth.' ' I find him up thoro, my baas. It is true, almagtig, Ja.' ' ' Then thoy must havo gone further,' ' Maybe. No man would stay horo, yot what said tho sign on tho rook r Nothing of any placo beyond. Tho rook ' Hob not. wo have found tho placo and tho ring. What say, if thoy have gone underground; like tho baboon ?' ' Mon are not jackals, Thoy must breathe, and wo can hear nothing. They have gone on. Wo should havo looked for spoor when thoro was light. She droppod that ring to guido us in ens? we followed, mid wo ' hhvo fooled away our ohanco.' > ' Woll, siour, it is bad, bpt. wo must wait .till sim up. I saw fromi below a green mark against the rooks nOar wbero wo first stood, There is water whore there is green. Hans must drink and sleep.' They went up, picking their way, the old hunter going straight, by some instinct or animal gift of smell, to an oozy track of ground up against tho ridgo. By scooping a holo in tho soft ground they found water to quench their thirst;' then sought the shcltor of a rook, where Hons soon slept, while Miles sat with arms clospod round his knees, staring helplessly before him. He thought of all ho had gone through, and it scorned as if the groator part of his Hfe had been Bpent in a weary soiirch. He thought, too, of his briof love-making, and his hoart wont 6ick at tho blunder he had mado in leaving the house that night . of tho. fight, and< at tho unknown peril in which she was now, among thoso mon. Thoro could ho no torture liko that ho .endured, und with a dumb appeal to lioavon ho -rose up to move restlessly to and fro, going at each turn furthor from tho sluoping man, until at. lust, lured by somo real or imaginary sound, he wont off down towurds tho mouud. Half-way thoro struck on his oar a doep-drawn quivering sigh, tho echo of a hungry lion, grumbling far away. Ho stood in tho darkness wait ing for a full minuto, and then heard tho sound again, followed by tho hollow boom of tho doop-throated roar that told tho lion was' in tho valloy, and had struck off tho scout of gamo. Ho kopt on his way to tho mound, with no thought that tho lion could ht? on his spoor, and with oyes fixed on tho ,dark mass of foHago against tho stars nearly blundorod into a holo. Some stones disturbed rattled down, and in an instant out of tho pit camo tho flash of a rifie, the muffled roport. Ho sprang hack and Btood tromhling at his dis covery, while from tho pit thore camo the sound of someone, moving, and from tho stillness beyond a low menacing growl. At tho samo time, for a singlo instant, ho thought ho caught out of .the. dark blurr of tho wooded mound, tho ghost of a light. Then ho thought of Hans and wont swiftly but softly back to warn him, lest .the old man, alarmod, should cry out ; but tho wary old hunter met him on tho way, signifying his presence by a hiss. ' Did tho baas shout ?' 'No.'. 'My Gott! Then thoy are hero.' ' Yes, in tho pit; and I thought I saw a light on tho mound.' ' Did tho bans shoot ?' ' I don't know. I think they woro watching for the Hon.' A low growl broke on the whispered talk, and tho two instinotivoly raised thoir rifles while thoy pcorod into the darkness. ' We must not shoot,' said Miles. ' There was another growl, half-moaii. ' Ho is cpiei, baas, he wHl spring. See, hore is a holo noar, quiok— this way.' j ' As thoy lookod towards tho hole they heard tho floroo brute movo. 'Jump, baas.' Together thoy turned and leapt down into tho dark holo, and as thoy stiuok the ground thoy hoard the lion sniffing ubovo thom — thoy vjero almost deafened by his roar of rkjgo and disappoint-, mont. A rush of 'wind struck thom in tho faco, and a hasty scramble .carried them into a tunnel wbero thoy stood to pull themselves together. The lion still stood on tho brink of the pit. They could see his form outlined against "tthe sky, and caqght the green glint ot his eyes as ho sank his great head down ovor tho rim. Ho offered a tempting mark, and with difficulty thoy refrained, lint thoro was more dangerous gamo afoot, and thoy must needs go warily. . Tho tunnel they were in, tho abandoned drive of tho old gold hunters, might lead to tho passage whioh concealed Stoffel. Presently thoy piokod thoir way along, fooling with foot and - hands, their bodies bont to pass the low vault, ono car as it wero turned back, to catoh any sound from the lion, tho othor advanced to dctoct danger ahead. But tho drivo merely connected ono pit with anothor, and vory soon thoy stopped out into tho next hole, tho brilliant stars hroaking on thom with the forco of a suddon surprise aftor tho intenso gloom of tho confined pussago. ' It is a jackal's holo,' muttored Hans, in disgust. 'Wo must oHmb out and try nnotlior.' 'Allovarol! Tho leouw waits for us on top, und tho mon down below. If wo stay horo thoro is no. food nor water. Mafootib, this timo wo havo our logs in tho trap.' Miles groped around tho holo and camo upon tho mouth of another pas- sago, half-ohokcd with brambles. Ho thrust the barrel of his rifie through, to feel if tho way woro clear, and finding room, began to pull at tho thorns. . ' My Gott,' cried Hans, in a thrilling whisper, ' tho lcouw follows ! ' Miles turned his head to listen, and abovo tho deep, breathing of his com panion hoard a low sound from tho drivo thoy had loft. ' This way,' ho said, guiding Hans to tho hole, thon himsolf struggled through, fearing torn shreds of his shirt on the hooked thorns. Tho' placo was few and thoy had to oroep, spurred on by a nerve-shaking growl, that sounded as if their grim pursuer was at their hools. , ' Quicker,' said Miles, shoving tho muzzle into Huns. ' Ho will have mo by the legs.' ' Hero iB anothor pit,' whispered Hans, and covered with dust and perspiration, and almost stifled, thoy stood up to reeovor breath. ' ' Lot us stiok him whon ho comes out. You tako tlio. sword, boas, and I will .uso tho knife tho Arab gavo mo.' Thoy both felt it was bettor to faco the bruto than to go through tho terror of nuothor flight, and thoy stood wuit- ing' one on each sido of tho mouth of tho drivo, their woaponB gleaming in thoir hands. l'o be continued.. 