A GREAT YXROiG;' OO1, THI . MYSTERY OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. CHAPTER Xtlt.-(CONTINUED.) "What shall I say to him ?" she whispers. "How shall I tell Ambrose when he comes ?" The old father waits impatiently for a few moments, nde, receiving no answer, he hounds ap the stairs. Maud meets him at the door, and hes white face startles him as if it wero ghost. " What is it '"hs questions. "Is the little lass till"P Then he sees the open window, and the drifting snow, and stands silent and aghast. " Father, the window was open when I came up" falters neer Maud. "Isabel has gone." " Gone l" he reheats. "Gone whcrel Not out in this stormsolassl" Maud makes no answer; she only looks at him, her eyes full of unutterable pain and pity. Something in the look makes the old fater art, and drivers the olorfrom~ir eud~iy cheek. "You don't mean to ray-you don't think," he stammers, suttisg his hand to his head, like one bewildered. Then he rushes to the open casement, and looking out, sees the torn and trailing vine. A hrsee, pitiful cry scapes him. He turns to and eat reatia.';ly. " Maudie, Maudie, don't tell me 'tis so," he faltem ; "it can't be, child I Why, she was in her wedding clothes. She wouldn't save left her old father so. No, no ; come, Maud, 'veil find her. Cone, lass I" He rushes down the stairs, and Hfaud follows, through the -room,;-ile-d- with music and dancing, out into the wild winter night. \- '-eComce-,toret'-hc rspeatsi.leadin, o? t~o' ward the stabtesand Mood follotws, hecr hlack hair all wreathed with snow. A stable boy comes out with a lantern in his hand. "Has youns Mr. Harlowe gone, my lad 1" Semando the Stuire,struggling sainly tokeep uia voice steady. "Ay, sir-gone this hour, mebbehh " You saw him go, then?" "Ay, sir," with a grin, and a knowing The old man hesitates, and breathes lost and hard; at last he gulps out the ques. tion. "Did any one go with him, Tim " Tim winks the snow out of his eyes, and wears an innocent face. "Yes, squire, he took a lady with him l" ae anaseets. There is a dead silence for a full minute, then the squire turns fiercely on his :aughter. " It is truea Maud," he gasops his voice thick and heare;" "he has carried her off. Curso him, end curse heel" 'Oh, father, hush I" entreats hlaud,'nling. ing to his arm. But he throws her off, his eyes glaring, his chest heaving, his face swollen and purple. "Curse him I" he repeats, huskily. " He has stolen her from me, myinnocentdarling, he will hring her to shame and sorrow. Go and fetch her hack. Maud, I say; follow them, and fetch the little one home." The words die in inarticulate gasps, he polls fiercely at his collar as if it choked him, then throws sp his two hands, and falls like a log, face downward, in the drifts. CHAPTER XIV. THE FAITHFUL DOG, D)ay dawns over the white, Highland bills. and over the drifted moorlands. The fierce wind hbve subsided, the snow has ceased, and the sky breaks out here and there in clear, opuline rifts, The Highlanders, who have scoured the hill.patbs through all the terrible night hours, cluster about the huge fire in the farm. bouse kitchen, with ,awed faces and silent lips; even the panting dogs, stretched before the hearth, look up with wistful, sympathis ing eyes. A great calamity has fallen upon the hitherto happy occupants of the old farm. house. Little Isabel is gone, and in the next room, where the curtains are drawn, and silence reigns, her fond old father lies dying. Maud sits at his pillow, white and calm moistenine his livid lios.countine his labored stertorous breathings; and in tec next room, the faded wedding garlands hang, and the remnants of the wedding supper are still A couple of neighboring farmers fave gone in search of Isabel, with small hope, however, of finding her; and of Ambrose, the bridegroom, no tidings can be gained. Tise Htighland lads, and their trained dogs, have scotmed the country for mileshut with out success. There is no trace of Ambrose since he parted with his mother at the cot tage door. And she, poor woman, is beside beself with grie-f and had to be restraiadd from rushing out into the dsifts to follow her husband, who has gone in search of Ambrose with a fresh party. She oits in scorner, wringing her hands, and rocking herself to and fro, and complaining inces santly: "My brave, handsome boy I my darling Ambrose I Only to think of him lying under the drifts, stark and cold I" Meanwhile the father and his party are scouring every inch of land between the cot. tage and the Fellside, but so far withootsuc. cess. They pause now, as the red sun comes seoaring up on the wild hill-range beyond which the haunted manor lies, worn out by their long tramp, and utterly dis. heartened. The father breaks out into a series of heart. broken moans, and his grief unmans his com rades. "Come, come, neighbor, keep heartlI cries one of the party. " It is not as bad wi' -?oui as tldfsian hih teiiside farm-the squire a?-dyy' und the lasa gcne off to her ruint We may stumble sn the lad yet. Was he willing to the marriage, and fall fond o' the lass, think ye 1" " Well, he wasn't o'er eager, that's a fact. The match were o' the dane's making from first to last; but Ambrose was fond o' Isabel, and she were a likely lassie, ani if ye knew my son,, ,,,sess w,.sldn'ttthinlkdim the man to back out, and leave his bride a waiting on her wedding-night, no matter wshat sh'd do]" SSNay, nay ; we all know that, neighbor. But what can ha' become o' the lad ? He can't be under the drifts, and the dogs miss him." " So, no; they'd a-dug him out long ago," Gerhart makes answer. " But look ye at that dog yonder, and hark ye what acry he gives ; and he did the same thing when we panied that place before-the lad's own dog, too, as slept at his feet every blessed night. Comrades, what doesit mean " - tie points across the hills, and they all see the gray dog that was the special pet and favorite of Ambrose scudding thlrough the Bllack Hollow, and making a str?ight line for the haunted house. lte darts along through the drifts, his nose to the ground, a curious, whining cry escaping him as he runs. The men stand and watch him, and a pallid awe st.als over their rough faces, "What does it mean! " thev whilspcr:ons 1o anotuer. ' surcly tne laa canna bo in that house." Gerhart's face grows very white and his lips twitch nervously. "Not unless he was decoyed there for some foul purpose," he answers. Then, with a shiver running throuigh all his strong limbs, " Heaven above us, ncighnuors, ne breaks out, " the old manor were all alive last night, a thing that hasn't happened for pears." Srheo stant shdrinrtig and silent. Gerhart watctres the dug with anxious eyes. lie runs on ceross thle grounds, through the gate, anrt up the terrace steps; then he pauses and looks back with a cry that awasens is hundred echots amid the snowy hills. •hark ye, mates, he is calling us." whis. peru Gerhart. " lies struck tire lad's trail. Look, he's across the terrace now and on the door-steps, and hark ye what acry ! The very cry he gives when he finds a lamb in the snow I Mates." and he turns upou them with a white, awe-stricken face, "ye ha' been friendly wi' me in my trouble, and l'm not ungrateful. Get ye home, now, and ye can say to the missus as i'm gene to follow the dog." Ito turns from them, and rushes headlong dosan tire hill-path. They follow him to a man. " Wait a bit, Donald," they shout, simul taneously. "D ye tirink we'd let ye facethe (langer alone? Wait. man, we'll go n erasr, and it harm- comes, let- it came to all." . tIe turns and grips hani after hand in grim silence. Then theygo tramping on side by riwn the path, across the Black Hollow, where the murdered lady's grave-stone arises pale ant spectral above the drifted snow, up the cliff, and across the grornds to the terrace steps. The dog sees them coming, and flies dawn- to- meet theen, utteeing- cries of joy and fawning at his master's feet "\Vhat is it, my brave dog h Hare ye found him I" asks Donalh. Tire creature looks up, his eyes shining with an intelligence alrost human; then, with a plaintive cry, he darts away. The dog bounds onward, closely followrd by the men, and does not halt until he ,omes to a spectral figure recumbent on the A loud bark and an almost natural impression of pain call the attention of the men to the motions of the intelligent animal. Presently they comespa-sud a-aitrange sight meets their eyes. The body of a young man lies prostrate before-themr-his- uptuened face-ghastly-in the wintry light, his manly lips rigid, a pool of blood staining the snowr beneath his right side. Thus they find Ambrose, the handsome bridegroom. A rsd litter is hastily constructed, and with all possible speed they get him from the accursed place, and bear him across the snowy hills to his father's cottage - dead as they believe him-foully murdered at the Haunted Manor on his wedding- night. CILAFFER XV - BLESSED IS THE BRIDE HOM THE SUll ShiINES505'. London looks its dreariest this wintry morning. Smoke and yellow fog hang ores everything like a pall; the gas-lamps, still burning, although it is high noon, flare and glimmer in the raw wind, and the incessant winter rain beats against the window at which Isabel stands-a forlorn little figure to look at; her pretty child's face pale with weariness, "the white silk bridal dress all soiled andcrumpled; and she is not a bride yet. Thecold wasso bitter,driftedsnowsodeep, that Arthur decided to make no stop, so they have travelled day and night to London. He has gone off somewhert to make arrangements for their marriage, and to draw on his banker tor money, and Isabel is alone. She stands at the window of the secluded lodging-house and looksdown upon the flaring lamps, and the dismal streets, and the bedraggled passengers, with cruel pain at her young heart. She has never seen London before, and this first glimpse of it is unutterably wretched. She thinks of the cheery old home amid the Scottish valleys, of the glow ing fireside, her father sitting in his great chair, and Maud at her little sewing stand. Do they miss her, she wonders ? Will they ever forgive her and love her again? Thu door opens and the landlady looks in. "Well, my dear," she begins, fluttering back her pink cap ribbons, "'how are you now? Not a-cryin',. surely? Why, that'li never do. You'll spile your eyes and look quite a fright when the gentleman gets back. A fair-spoken gentleman he 'pears to be, too, and nots bit elose, which he paid me down in advance, and two shillin' over and above my charge, an' then put his purse-an' it a crammin' wi' Bank o' Hengland bills - in my Belindy Jane's hands and sent her out to by your outfit, miss, with orders to buy the best of everything, and not to spare change, which I hope he means honest by you, miss; otherways I should feel unwilling to have you under my roof." Isabel turns round at last, with wide, tear filled eyes. "What did you say, madame ?" she falters. ' I don't think I quite understand you." Mrs. Hobbs makes her pink streamers in her virtuous excitement. "I say, miss, as I hope as this young gentleman means to act honestly by you." ie;:itil, eyswaldenani ter lip' quiver like a child's, but in her trustful innocence she does not fully comprehend the landlady's meaning. She turns back to the window, and down below, and amid the smoke and rain, abh sees her lover. A glad cry breaks from her lips and her eyes light with rap r-- a- o-hrmnvto he is-at-the dooe, and she Slies ta welcome him, " Arthur, Arthur, I have been so wretched I cm so glad you have come I" He clasps her close, looking down upon the slim, disheveled figure " " Never mind, love, I shall not leave you again,"he says, soothingly. "'My arrange ments are all made, and here comes the young woman with your outfit. aNothing remains to be done now bat to get yourself ready and drive with me to church. Before this beastly day ends, yon will be my wife. and to-morrow morning, if I receive an answer to my message, we will start for Marlowe Hall." The landlady draws a long breath of re lief. 'I'm glad to hear you say the same, sir," she puts in, pushing up in front of the young couple, " though I was satisfied you meant her fair and honest." The baronet's son silences her with a singlo flash of his handsome eyes. \- That wiiido, yrs. Hobts, thahking yof all the same for your good intentions," ha says. haughtily. "Please have the goodness to assist your daughter in unwrapping her purchases, and when we've selected a suit able outfit, I'll trouble you to help this lady with her toilet. A good deal cut. the landlady comnresses her lips and makes haste to asaist Belindy Jans, who comes in, panting under the weieight of her packages. Meanwhile while Arthur takesapretty casket from his bosom, and tornes to Isadoel. *Look, dearest, here is you bridal present," he says, displaying an exquisite set of pearls anl diamonds, "anl here is your wedding riie, the mystic little circle that will make us two one." Isabel screams and claps her hands like a child. "0Oh, now lovely l Oh, if Maudie could see them ! Arthur, Arthur, how good you are to me !" He smiiles with pleased admiration. "I'm glad you like them dear, By and by, when you are Lady Marlowe, you shall have costlier gems and finer robes than " She couldn't well have finer or hand. aomer thaI these, if you please, sir," puts in Belindy Jane, pushing ap with an open par eel in her hands. She shakes out a gaudy robe of flimsy silk, sa- sgri-On in hue, and profusely adorned Si?th flashy bugles and cheap lace. Isabel stare with to-el, amazed eyes. shill her loves swa: lo,- c'uuethiqg like :in imprecation. It soon becomes apparent that the gaudy and flimsy fineries purehased by Belindy Jane are utterly unsuitable for a bride. With an angry exclamation, Arthur kissed [habel, begs her to bh patient for an hour ot so, and hastens from the house. Isabel is still gazing from the window, two hours later, when through the heavy rain, a cab whirls ua takhe door. Arthur comes, and brings with am an lmmense covered tr?nk,snd a small, sharp. eyed, slim-waisted Frene a modiste. She Ihrritens up the dto rs. ant flatters inta the dull room lire a bird and the great trunk follows, It is pcfe ft. the brim with all sorts and shapes it faint; feminioe articles ton the very top a bridal tress ot mouse-gray *ilk, with loce at the cu s and throat, that afduehso might wear. it is brought forth, mith a little gem at a hat, and tiny gloves rod boots to mea'n, and with much chatter. rt and gesticulating on the part of the ,oediole. lrof., like o second Cinderella, is .'liroed of her crumpled robes, and attired for her bridal. All her hreiht curls are re eranoeednasd she smiles, and ditmples. and eluslis, and looks the very fairest bride in too's. By and by a second carriage comes, and Arthur leads her Clown and seats her amid the coshions at his side. and they are whirled away. through the rainy twilight, to the old ciorcir called St. Elfrida. ani there, in the presence of pictored sairts and sculptured monks, while the organ thunders, ard the dreary winter night falls, they are made man and wife. " What God hath joined together, let no man put asounder !" At the same hour, just as the wintry day dies and the twilight fals. down in the ord Fellsido farm-house, Squire Melville breathe his last. He has never rallied from that awful shock which trueck him down like a cruel blow. \- e opens his eyes and lookabout him with conscious glances, tar the filrt time, as the wintry sun goes down. "Moaud !" he calls, in a whirper. She bends over him, and lais her tender hand on his brow. " 3Maod, did they find the little toss ? Did they fetch her rnckhi" 3taud crushes down a great sob. The truth most lie told. "So father; they could not fint her." He groans, and turns his face to the wall. When he looks farck again, that gray shadow which sooner or later falls on al Iuamn faces, darkens his solemn eyes. "Poor little laos!l poor foolish lamb 1" he murmurs, brokenly. "They'll break ber heart I I shall never see her again, Maud I'm going out with the winter day-but 7voiri- hdhere. She'll come back to youin her sorrow and shame. Poor little lastl I cursed her in my wrath, but I didn't mean it. Tell her, when she comes, Maud, that her old father forgave her, and blessed her with his dying breath-my poor little tender lamb I" Anrt these were his last words. When the darknaas fell, 3laud sat alone with her dead. VliAIettA~V1. SPUL5TED AWAY. Mfan and wife--Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son and heir, and Isabel, the Scottish herdsman's daughter. They leave London in the gray of another morning for the ancestral man eion, Marlowe Hall. Arthur sent hin message, a few hours prior to his marrrage, informing his . father of the step he had taken, despite his express commands, and begging per mission ts bring his wife home, with little hope, however, of receiving any thing inreplebuta repetition of his father's former decision; for, of all men, the baronet was the last one to change his mind and revoke his spoken words. Still, hoping even against hope, Arthur sent his message, and with it a letter to isis only sister, entreating her to inter cede for him and ret permission for him to bring his wife home. When thes had once seen his little Isabel, he felt sure of pardon from them all. And this answer comes at ten o'clock on his wedding-night, brief and to the point, only four wotds, "Bring your wife home." Arthur is fairly beside himself with rapture in his glad surprise. " How good of them all." hse said a dozen times over. "' I really did not ex pect it; but it is Edith's work. She is my osly sister, you know, Isabel, and just the handssmest and best girl in Esgland. I can fancy how you will love her, little Happy Isabel smiles up at her hand sonie bridegroom, her sills--heart-flu.ter ing like a bird in her breadat the thought of all the grandeur of the home and kin Ired to which she is going. Poor litile girl, she quite forgets theold roof tree be neath which her young liii had passed so happily; and she is not a clairvoyant to see the white face and folded handsof the old father whose fond heart her wayward. neos has broken. 11er sleep is disturbed by no remorse, no regret, and in thegray af the following morning they leave nuoky London for Muarlowe Hall. It is an inposing old pile, on the sea 0oast of Lincolnshire, and the young souple reach the station, and get their first glimpse of the gray turrets in the wane of a winter day. "See, Isabel, little wife, yonder is four future home," cries Arthur ex aitedly,pointing across the yellow downs; " and here comes the carria-o to take us ihert. -How good my peopl are. Isabel, little one, you must love them very dearly for my sake." His handsome eyes actually fill wilh tears in his relief and gratitude. He is romantically in love with his pretty child wife ; but it would hurt him keenly to be scorned and cast off by his family and be, gared of all his splendid heritage even fur her sake. Isabel looks at the stately turrets and ivied walls glowinig in the yellow light, and a little thrill of terror and misgiving stirs her heart. "I shall love them, Arthur, if they'll only let me,"she falteredadding,with an upturned glance of her sweet eyes, "but will they ? Do you think they'll be sure to like me, Arthur " He would like to take the pretty child's face in his hands and cover it with kisses, but there are loungers in and - around the station, hence he refrains~and answers with tender ardor: "I do not thi:ik so-I know so. No one on earth could help liking you, my precious little wife ! Have no fears, you shail be ti e happiest and grandest little lad y iii old Englasnd." Her face flushes rosy red with joy, and her hssrt dances is herbosom. " Oh, how much better this is," she thinks, " than marrying Ambrose, and living in that horrid Highland hut all my life." "'Here you are, IIastin-s," cries ArtIsor, ddresoiss, a livered coachman. "All] well at the flail, of course I" "All. well, Mr. Arthur. The coachman doffs his gold-laced bac. the splendid.carriage, all a-glitter with the Marlowe arms, rolls usi' the high stepping bays are reined its. ai little Isa bel, who has trod the browes heather all her life, is lifted by Arthur's caressino arms, and seated on the silken cushions. Then they whirl away, just as the red winter saun drops out of sight. to tE tO?5.?vEpE 