Edith did not attempt to gain admission toherlii te companion's chamber that evening. It was the general custom of the two girls to meet in one or the other's room for an hour's gossip before turning in. But on that evening Edith merely knocked at the closed door, asked lovingly ..ow Mar jory's head was, and on receiving a reassuring answer from a faint 'voice. she bade her good night and went back to her own room. She dismissed her maid as quickly as possible, impatient to be alone with her own thoughts. No sooner had the door closed behind the gir:, when she wheeled her easy-chair close to her dress ing-table. planted her elbows upon it. and surveyed her reflection in the glass. The dusky masses of her hair hung, as nature had intended them to. inl waving luxuriance alLut her : her rounded arms ;?id neck showed bare amidst the scarlet drapery of her dressing gown : and her eyes glea.med rich and sombre out of their intense setting. She closed her red lips firmly, and then went to work to steadily criticise each point. From the low white forehead to the lirm gracious throat she sea mlned. earnestly and ruthlessly, each little curve and feature: tlon she heaved a little sigh, and a ghost of a smile hovered round her lips. " No, so far so good," she solili quised : " not a line or wrinkle of any description yet. [ believe I am fit for another ten years." She covered her eyes lightly with ore hand, and a slight shudder passed quickly through her. " (Growing old," was a hideous nightmare to her a very rteal, terrible horror, one that she could not accustom herself to, try how she would. "'-Why is he so cold and hard '" she muttered. ' My beauty is the same as it was a year ago. I am a year older, but I do not look it. Oh, why is it. why is it i Has he really ceased to love me ? I can't, I won't believe it. ru is eyes speak love if his lips are It is a retribution," she said presently, rising heavily and pacing the room backwards and forwards. " . love him, an?l hli first looks at me with those stern cold eyes of his, and then turns coolly away, unmoved, untouched." Two big tears gathered in her lovely eyes and trembled on her lashes. No one had ever seen Edith Mallett cry. She always declared she was too stony-hearted to shed tears : even as a child she had been known only to weep when she had had a good spanking, and was feeling pretty sore and bad. No one was there to see the tears, and so, for once in her life, she gave way to them, and wept long and stormily, the passionate sobs seeming to tear her as they came forth. The storm was spent at last, how ever, and she crept into bed, thoroughly worn out and exhausted. There was no visible trace of her outbui st the next morning as she entered AMarjory's room with her break fast tray. She looked extremely beau tiful and bright in her white cambric morning dress, her eyes sparkling and dancing, and a lovely flush in her clear dusky cheeks. Poor pale little Marjory eyed her wistfully. " How gay and lovely you look, dear !" she sighed. Edith laughed musically--no trace of last night's passionate pain and tears in her face or voice. "Alh ! baby, that is the beauty of having an elastic nature," she said. "' I'm soon up and soon down. I feel brinmming over with animal spirits at this present moment, but before even ing no doubt I shall be in the lowest depths of the blues." She poured Marjory's tea out and propped her tenderly up in bed. "Now dearie, eat away. You look half dead, I declare, and I believe it is only because you haven't had anything to eat for so long." Marjory tried her best to eat the dainty food placed before her, but after two or three mouthfuls she was obliged to push the tray away, and lie back amidst her pillows. " I'm awfully sorry, Edie," she whis pered, " but I am too wretched \- to eat anything. Don't look so anxious dear, but come Ilearer- want to talk to you." Miss Mallett removed the tray and sat herself on the edge of the bed. tenderly stroking one little frail white hand. " You have a great many visitors and callers here during the summer, haven't you ?" began. Marjory, scarcely knowing how to broach the subject she had in her mind. Edith nodded and looked str prised. "Well, dear, I dread meeting anyone I knew in the old days, so, in addition to taking another name, I want to disguise myself in such a way that no one who knew me six years ago would recognise me." "Marjory, what nonsense !" exclaimed Edith, somewlat sharply. The girl colored, but answered,. gently " Nay, dear, I think not. Don't be vexed : but rather than run the risk of being recognised I would leave you, and begin life again somewhere else." " Marjory, how dare you !" cried Edith, starting to her feet, the hot blood rushing into her face. " I mean it, dear." replied Mar jory, very firmly. though quietly. " I can see I should be living in everlasting dread and agony of being found out if not effec tually disguised. So it must be one thing or the other." " But why are you so afraid of being recognised i" asked Edith, still feeling deeply hurt and puzzled. " You have done no wrong. I am sure. Is it because you are ashamed for any of your old friends to find you filling so degrading a posi tion as my companion and friend ?" 1 Oh, no, no, darling. Pray do not imagine that," answered Marjory, dis tressfully. '" I -1 cannot explain just now, dear-I wish I -ould : but trust me. Edith, trust me. 1 beseech you or if you cannot I will tell you this : Six years ago someone pretteded they loved me-for my beauty-oh ! don't pity me, I have got over it now ; but I do not want to run the risk of being loved for my beauty and made unhappy again, and so I want to hide what of it is left. I shall never love again." Edith sighed impatiently, and over her bright face crept an expression of utter weariness. " I wish everything were not sj miserable," she said. " I wish men and women would be open and frank, say what they mean, and do what they want to fearlessly." " We are not all as brave as yoa, dear," replied Marjory, gently. " But Edith, I nwust go into 1)eeming to-day and get a disguise," " Then I will drive you in," said Edith, calmly: and then they pro ceeded to make their arrangements. They partook of an early luncheon together, for the General hal run up to town for the day, and afterwards drove over to Deeming in Edith's smart little cart. Marjory had taken the precaution to tie a thick veil over her white face, and a huge ugly hat shaded it pretty effectually also. As they rattled along at a good pace, Edith's spirits rose, and she began to calculate upon the amount of fun they could gather out of Marjory's " freak " as she called it. " What on earth will dad say when you appear at dinner as a sedate old maid, with eye- glasses and smooth sandy hair ? Poor papa ! he wi'l have a fit." Edith went oil into a peal of laughter, and even Marjory smiled at the picture conjured up. They drove straight to a quaint little shop in a bye-street, over which pre sided a quaint little man. Miss Mallett had been giving Maijory particulars as to this gentleman as they came along. " He's the queerest stick," Edith told her in her usual expressive, if somewhat reckless, language. " I always go to him for my hair washes and pomades. lie will tell you, with many scrapes and bows, before you have been in his shop five minutes, that he was once a theatrical wig-maker in London, and that he has had the honor of adorning Mrs Siddon's head. and goodness knows whose besides, with artificial locks of a most luxuriant and perfect description. He is a clever man, though, and will disguise you so effec tually in less than half-an-hour, that you won't know yourself at the finish. I always go to him when we get up private theatricals." They found the little wig-maker sunning himself at his shop door, and was received by him with unusual t's siness and politeness. Edith was a special favorite of his : he always de clared th it she bore a striking resenm b'ance to the celebrated Margaret Wolfington, and that it was a thousand pities she had not joined the profession. " Such a figure and snuh style, my dearyounglady,"confided the little man to Marjory, as he tried wigs of various sizes and color upon her head. "1 always tell Miss Mallett that the pro fession would weep, actually shed tears, my dear young lady if they only knew what an ornament they had missed." While he was talking lie was fitting wigs on Marjory's pretty head. At last Marjory's disguise was finished, and he bade her survey her self in the glass. She saw a pair of blue glasses, evi dently protecting weak, near- sighted eyes, and a smooth, neatly-braided head of pale san-ly hair, which came down very low on the forehead. Mlarjory stared at herself in consterna tion, while Edith, who had been watch ing the developments of the disgu;se. clapped her hands and laughed gleefully. The old wig-maker rub',ed his withered ihands together and chuckled. " One of the best make-ups I've ever done, my dear young lady, and so simple, too," he declared. ' I'm proud of you, I vow. Dear me ! what a splendid little old maid you would make." Edith laughed again uproariously, and even Marjory smiled broadly. She then proceeded to finish the disguise by putting on the ugly hat and thick veil. and then they rewarded him liberalny, and took their departure. He stood at his door watching them until they were out of sight, rubbing his hands and chuckling to himself. " The best make-up off the stage I've ever done," he quavered. '-Zounds what an actress that fine girl would make." Meanwhile Edith was drivingl hiom at a good rattli::g pace, her tongue going almost as quickly. "What will papa say ?" she ejacu lated at intervals. " I wonler if he will see through the disguise and re cognise you ? The eyes of love, you know, will see through anythig." she finished, wickedly. Poor Marjory blushed very painfully and very vividly, crying distressfully " Edith, don't talk so absurdly." '" Well, you must own, baby, that Papa is awfully fond of you," answered Miss Mallett. mischieviously. " You need not. look so wild, you demurelittle Mistress Marjory." The girls were loitering over their tea in the small drawing-room, when the general arrived hoime, hot, dusty and tired. He made his way straight to the drawing-room, an eager light in his handsome eyes. He opened the door and entered, then stood s'ill in some confusion when he saw that a strange lady was taking tea with his daiughter. " Oh : here is papa," cried Edith, cheerfully. growing scarlet with the effort she was making to restrain her wihl mirth. . M1iss Grifliths - my father. Papa-lMiss Grifliths. .' Marjory rose awkwardly and bowed, then sat. down stiffly, without a word. The general bowed, muttered some thing, and was turning to go, when Edith stopped hiai. " Have a cup of tea now, dear," she said, sweetly. " You lo k so tired, and I am sure Miss Grifliths will excuse your dress." The lady referred to, murmured something inaudibly, and the general sat down, with an ungracious scowl, staring hard at the quiet little woman, who sippld her tea and kept her glasses fixed upon her lap. The general detested plain or awk ward women-they irritated hinm, rubbed himic up the wrong way, and altogether made him feel as if life wasn't worth living. His wife-Edith's mother-had been a very handsome woman : his daughter was considered the belle of the county, and all the women he met and associated with were charming women of beauty, wit, and intelligence. Hp eyed with the greatest disgust and scorn the blue goggles and the sleek sandy Fhair. " Who the deuce is she ? Where can Edith hav picked her up ?" he thought, irritably. " If I were to sit opposite to her long I should go mad." He made no attempt at conversation, but hastily drank his tea and munched a piece of cake. Presently he rose to his feet and, putting down his cup, said, with would-be carelessness " How is Miss Holliest to-day ? Is she still in her room ?" " Marjory seems heaps better, thanks," Edith replied, in a curiously stifled voice. "She -she is not in her room." " Where is she then ?" the general demandedt sharply. '*Here," choked his daughter, just able to articulate. " Here, in this room ? What do you mean, Edith ? I wish you wouldn't be such an idiot !" stormed the general, angry, impatient, and anxious. " Where is she ?" Un..ble to answer verbally, Edith pointed to the mute,. sandy-haired, little figure, and then went off into peals of laughter. The general gasped, stared, gasped again, and then marching resolutely up to Marjory, took off the disfiguring blue goggles, gingerly lifted the sleek, sandy wig, and threw them both de liberately on to the ground. '" Oh! mind, you will spoil them," Marjory cried, making a dash for her valuable possessions, and looking par ticularly pink and pretty in her con fusion. " I hope I have," the general an swered, grimly. "And now please explain this ridiculous masquerade." Marjory looked piteously at Edith, and that young lady, swallowing her mirth with difficulty, came gallantly to the rescue. "Sit you down, my fiery, warlike parent," she commanded, drying her eyes daintily. " Now I will explain, if you will listen calmly and patiently, and not look so terribly cross-" [1'o be continued.] 