By E. P. OPPENHEIM, Author of " The Mystery of Mr. Bernard - Brown," " A Monk of Cruta," &o.; ,. [Published by special arrangement with the author. ] • All rights reserved.] , j • Chapter VTTT. .. : There are days marked in our lives with white stones. We can never forget them. He-: collection, a very easy effort of memory, seems ' to bring back even in some measure the very thrill,- the same pulsations and emotions, as were kindled- , into life ; by certain never to-be-forgotten happenings.; ' 'lime can not. weaken whilst we , have life eternaL And there are ^other days against the memory of which - we - have dropped. a stone. • We shrink from anything which may recall them. No sacrifice would' seem too great if only we could set the seal of oblivion upon those few hated hours,. We' school ourselves to close our eyes.and turn our head3 away from anything .which might in anv manlier recall them to us.; Yet we are power less. Ghosts of _ them; steal - light-footed, detested, and uninvited ;guest3 across our - ■ fairest moments ; the chill of winter shakes us -' on the most brilliant of midsummer days; the ' color steals from our cheeks and our blood runs of water. We are. at the - mercy "-of those touches of icy- reminiscence.- There is no escape from them. There never will1 be anv ■' escape.: -The Sunday 'which .followed my. father s visit to London is one of those hideous - ■ memories. In the calendar of my life it is marked with the blackest of/black stones., I only pray that such another, day as that-may never find its way into my life: ; The morning passed much as' usuaL Sly' father had scarcely . spoken to' us on the' previous evening. In reply to our half-eager,' half-frightened questions, he'admitted that he had been ill. He would riot hear of a doctor. His malady, he toldixs, was drie'which he him- •;*• self perfectly understood. He Would be better . in a few days. He ate and;;drarik ' sparingly • and then retired at orice to his room. We Heard him drag himself wearily up the stairs,' : and Alice burst into tears, and! myself felt a lump in my throat. Yet what could we do t He would not have U3 near': him. 'The onlv' - invalid's privilege which he remitted. himself■ was a fire in his bedfooin, arid thishe asked for' : iriim'ediately he entered the house,, although the riight was close and oppressive and he had" • come in with beads of perspiration standing out upon his white forehead. In the morning he. preached an old- sermon, preached it with weary lips and wholly nori-' 1 chalant manner, His pallid face and lustreless eves became objects of remark amongst tho" meagre cpngregatibn. * I could hear people whispering . to . one another. -when -. the" i service was. over. Lady Naselton spoke to me of it with concern as we.passed"down the aisle, ' ; " I am sorry .to see your ;• father looking' so" dreadfully ill, dear,", she remarked. 1 "I am-; particularly sorry to-day. Come outside and I';' will tell you why." , We.passed out together, into the sunlit air," fresh and vigorous-after the dull,-vault-like : - gloom of the little church, with, its ivy-hung;-; windows. Lady Naselton held my arm.- .. . ;" My dear," she said, " the bishop is lunch-'. . ing .with us. to-day and staying all night.' T; have spoken to him about yourfatherl He", reriiembers him quite well and he;is"coining to;;>; service this evening on • purpose to hear hitri" preach." - , "The bishop," I repeated vaguely. : "Do : you mean our bishop 2 The, Bishop of Ex~ Chester?' • ; ■ ■ , _ , ', , " Yes. v I am not supposed, of course,"to say v anything about it, as his visit has- nothing" y whatever to do with . diocesan: affairs, but I-V; should, be so disappointed: if your' father did". not,make animpression'ujxmhim.-'1-' ' . ' ' She looked round to be- sure that no one was • listening. . It was quite,a needless precaution-1 .""You see, dear,- I happen'to Imow'that there are two vacant stalls at the cathedral arid.the'bithop wants a preacher badly; It]is': owirig to what I have told- him about your ■ ' father that he is coming over to-day. . I do hope that he will be at his best this evening." '."I am. afraid therb is very little chance of it," I - answered blankly."-Ho'is:really. very ill. He will not admit it, but you can - sec fdri yourself." / ' - \- "He must make an effort,". Lady Kaselton said firmly.. . "Will you tell him this from me? Say that we shall all be there - and- if only he S can make a good impression- r-well,..it-is-.the chance of aJiletime. Of course we shall all be . terribly sorry to lose you, but Exchester is not very far .off and we really could t not.'expect: to ■ keep a man with your father's gifts .very long.'1 y Try and rouse him up, won't you?;,.Good-bye; dear." ; She drove off ancbl waited at the vestry door : for my father. - He came out with half-closed y:vj eyes arid eeemed scarcely to see me. I walked y-; by his side and repeated what Lady Naselton" i; had told me. Contrary to my expectation,:, the news, was sufficient to rousehim from 'his.;, apathy. .1 " The bishop here to-night,"he repeated ' thoughtfully. "You are quite-sure1 that there is no mistake. It is. the Bishop of Ex-; Chester." , * 'J ; I nodded assent. " - ' ~ ' "So Lady tNaselton assured-me. I have . heard her say more than once .that they knew ' j him very well indeed. She is most anxiou3 that you should do. your very best., -It seems that there are two stalls vacant at-, the cathe- f dral." The light flashed in his eyes for a moment arid-then died out. . "If only it bad been a.week ago," ha saidT/;; "i have other things in my mind now, " -I am not'iri the mood to prepare anything worth. listening to." "Those other things, father," I said softly. £ " Are we to remain wholly ignorant of them 2. : H-there is any trouble to be faced we are ready : to take our share." ' . He shook his head and a wan smile flickered < v:-; fair a moment upon his pale hps. He looked- • at me not unkindly. » "It may come, Kate," he eaid softly.. "Till •-. then be patient and ask no questions," v .. We had reached the house, and I said no • more. Directly after luncheon, at which he ate scarcely anything, he went into, his study, v ; We hoped, Alice and I, that he had gone to work; hut;in.less than halfan hour he came out. I met him in the hall.. . : "My hat and stick, Kate," he said. "l am going for a walk. His manner forbade questions, but as he was • 1 leaving the house an impulse came to me.,... "May. I come with you, father?' I asked. . "I was going for a walk too." : ' " ; He hesitated for.a moment and seemed about . to refuse., .What made him change his mind I : could never tell. But he did change it.. . " ".Yes, you can come," he said shortly. "I am .starting now though. I cannot wait for- a inoment." " I am quite-ready,*? I answered, taking my ;;. hat and. gloves from the stand; So we passed. out of the house together. / - . At the gate he paused for a moment and I thought that he was going to take: the* road ■ which led to the Yellow House and_ Deville Court. Apparently he changed hi§ mind however. . , ■ " We will take the footpath .to Bromilow , Downs," he said,: "I have never been there." We turned our backs upon the more familiar plaices arid walked -slowly along, thq, country - which led to the doivns. We neither of us sfxike a word for some time. Once or twice I glanced towards him with concern. ■: He was moving with uncertain steps a^d every now and.1 '; then he'pressed his hand to his side. Physically I coulcf see fhat lie was scarcely equal fo the exertion of walking. It was mental - disquiet; ' which had brought him out. His .eyes were dry and bright and there was a hectic flush; ■/': upon his cheeks. As wa passed from , the lane out on to the open downs he drew a little ■ breath and removed his-hat. The autumn, wind swept through his hair "and blew open' ' bis coat. He took in a long breath of it. - "Thisis good," he said softly, "Let us 'rest here." : , We sat upon the fallen trunk of a pine tree - on the verge of the common, Kan away oa the hillside rose the red chimneys of Haselton Hall, I looked at them and of a sudden the desire to tell my father what I knew of thatf man's presence there - grew stronger and stronger. After all it was his right to know. It was best to tell him. - "Father !" I said, "I have something to say to you. It. is something which -1 think you ought to kriow." ■ . ; -He looked away from vacancy- into my face. Something in my manner seemed to attract ■ him- He frowned and answered me sharply. . ' " What is it, child? Only mind that ic is - not a question." s. u ' "It is not a question," I said. "Itissome thing which I want to tell you. Perhaps I ought to have told you before. One afternoon last week I was at Lady Naselton's for tea.-; I • met a man there-rhalf a foreigner he seemed to me. He had lately returned from South America.; His name was Berdenstein." He heard me in perfect silence. He did nob utter a single exclamation. Only I saw his head sink and a curious marble rigidity settle ' down upon his features, chasing away all ex ?ression5 In the silence whioh followed before spoke again I could hear hiB breathing sharp and low almost like the panting of an animal in pain. ; • . ■ " Don't think that I have been spying upon you, father," I begged. . "It all came aboub so naturally. I . gave you your letters the morning that, you went away and I could nob help seeing that one of them -was from South America. On the envelope was written—'In London about 15th.' Well, as you left for Londoriat onoa I conoluded that you went to meet this person whoever it was. Then ab Lady Kaseltou's this man stared at me so and he told me that he came from South America. Some instinct seemed to suggest to - irie that this was, the man who had • written! you thai "' a letter. I talked to him for awhile and I was sure of it." _ " Then my father spoke. Tie was. like a man Tvho had received a stroke.' His voice seemed to come from a great distance.' His eyes were fixed upon that'break in the trees on the dis > tant hillside beyond which was Haselton Hall. : . . "So near!" lie said-softly; "so very near! : How did he come here? Was it chance?" "He was good'to Lady Naselton's son abroad,"Ianswered." "He is veryxich, they say." " ■.. - ' • " " "Ay, ay!" My father nodded his head, slowly. His manner was, becoming more natural. .Yet therewas' "a 'lbcsk of deadly earnest in his white set face. To look at him almost made me shudder. Something in his expression was ; like a premonition of the tragedy to come. " We shall meet soon, then," he said thought fully. "It may be to-morrow.-• It may be to-day.' Kate, your eyes _ are younger than .■ mine. Is that a man coming along the road there ?—rdown in the hollow on the other side of the turn. Do you see?" , : I stood-up by his side. There was a figure in sighjv but as yet a long way off. ' ' * ."It is a man,1' I said. "He is coming to . wards us." (To he continued.) 