BOTES & ANSWERS. SWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. ? ;iee "_i. The first issue of the Jubilee six nce (issued in Jubilee year, 1S87) is quoted t 8/6. It is similar to a half-severeign (Jubi -e) and bears the follow-in* marks and in rintions:-Obverse-Queen'B head, crowned th inscription, "Victoria Dei dratia, Britt. sina, F.D-" Reverse -Amis In quarter -wned surrounded by garter, with inscription 'Honi soit qui anal y peiise," 1887 under. Mr. ozminsky informs us that it is quite a mistake suppose that these coins possess any elaborate lae. They were recalled, and a second issue of xpences circulated the same year. These are i ued at 1/ each, and the following: are the j arks and inscriptions:-Obverse- Similar., to e first. Reverse-The word "sixpence," -wned, surrounded by a laurel wreath, 1887 der. Both of these issues are easily obtain ble in Victoria. i ralgon."-The calls go to the augmentation t the paid-up capital. In some cases capital ; been written down, but not by the bank you j " (N.S.W.)-Your suggestion re Fisher's _jt, originally made by Mr, Suttor, is em Jied in the note supplied last week by Mr. I . C. M'Donald, via., that the ghost story j ~s invented by a witness of the murder to j able him to disclose what had occurred. | in Stones.-Mr. J. Robertson, writing from i >D\vell, Deniliquin, says:-"In your issue of 8th inst. there are a few remarks on the re- j i t of live frogs and toads being found in rock stone, and clay, many feet below the Burface,; .(en reported, but never substantiated. It is j ite true that frogs have been found in Stone, j "though Dr. R. H. Tarquhair, keeper of the tural collection in the Museum of Science of t, Edinburgh, sets it down to delusion on the rt of workmen not having the power of ae rate observation. And Dr. R. H. Tarquhair ptoses that after a stone has been broken a eg is seen hopping away. In tliat he is mis ken. The frog is seen in a cavity in one of e pieces of the stone, as I and others can stify. About the year 1870, I was clearing nd for cultivation. Having raised a block of, uestone, 1 broke it in two, and there was a -g in a canty in one of the pieces. But the o% did not move from its position until dis rhed by one who was standing close by. At at time I was living on Doctor's Creek, near stun, Victoria. Lnder natural conditions may be, and are, found in clay at various is, 6ft. or 10ft. below the surface; and after i or four years they will come out, after ougli rain lias fallen to fill the cavity in which ey live. The fact of frogs being found in a alive destroys nothing except the opinions men like Dr. U. R. Tarquhair.' [Evidence a -od deal more precise than that supplied is -eessary for such an improbable statement that -gs can live for an indefinite time locked up etoue. Clues tone is hardened lava. The K could not have entered the stone when it I s in a plastic state. What, then, were its cans of entrance after the stone became cool id solid? If there was a passage enabling it creep in, by the same passage it could creep t. It could not have developed from an egg, r the frog has to go through the tadpole Btage: fore it attains full development. Mr. Robert-! 11 asserts that frogs come up from clay after itip down in it for three or four years. How! es he know they have been there any such I -tn\ and all such time?] j (Sydney) sends the following data: n a straight line a train passes two men in ' and 3.6 seconds respectively. A second train ssos thcin in 4.4 and 4.5 sec. respectively," { d asks for a proof of the assertion that if the 1 ond train overtakes the first it will pass it in 1 .?winds. Let him assume tliat the first man ! Iks at the rate of x yards per second; that the I """d man walks at the rate of y vards per | ""d; that the length of the first train is 1 i id*; and that the length of the second train is yards. Then from the data, the rate of the t train in yards per second may be expressed 'Vr by the fraction (10 1 + 85x) -j- 33; or by fraction (10 1 -f 30y) -*? 38. Equating these -elions, it is easy to show that y - x = 1 + . Again, the rate of the second train in yards «'<"nd may be expressed cither by the frac n (10m + 44x) ~ 44; or by the fraction (10m 4.1y) 45. Equating these fractions, it is to show tliat y - x = m t- 198. Hence, it nvfi (hat 1 -r 120 = ro -r 188. Now, from the taut at which the second train overtakes the .;t to ihe instant at which the second train nil'lrtcly passes the first, the distance gained . lie second train is (m + 1) yards. Also, the in in yards per second of the second train n the first is (10m + 44x) -f- 44 - (10 1 +35x) 15\. or (5m -r 22) - (22 -r 7), or (35m - 44 1) 54\. Hence the question is reduced to finding numerical value of the fraction (154m + 1) -r- (35m - 44 1), it being known that 1 : m 120 : 19S. The value is easily found to be Thus the truth of the assertion lias been ved, *-The will must be proved before the exe or can exercise any of his powers under it. uirer."-We are not aware when Colonel y's verses (published in "Literary Notes" t week) were written, but they are pretty kiin to have been preceded by Adelaide ?t.\r's "Legend of a Faithful Soul." Was "Parallax?"-Mr. E. Wilson Dobbs tes:-"The true name of "Parallax** appears have been Rowbotham, at least, bo it is given page 278 of R. A. Proctor's 'Myths and Mar of Astronomy" (Load., 1878). But he seems have had other aliases, as, for instance, on e 30C of A. de Morgan's 'A Budget of Pars es' (Lond., 1872) it is stated that 'at Trow dge in 1819 Parallax was 8. Goulden.' There ni interesting account in both books of this ailed founder, and professor of the Zetetic ronomy. References are also made to Sir hard Phillips and Mr. Heriiy Archer;- equally emcnt supporters of the flat earth theory. Sir hard was sheriff of London, 1807. and editor the 'Monthly Magazine' to 1817, and suffl tiv versed in mathematics to have theorl lly squared the circle without knowing it, de Monpn says. Mr. Archer had repute as iyu engineer, but la best known for suggest the perforated border of postage stamps, for ch he received £4,000. Another disciple to with of earth-flatness is recorded who in a . . m?? "ubject calls himself 'Common This theorist actually committed him to_ effusions like the following: <Wi'? *. *',ar sailors bound to sea with a globe _ would never start; "i'e VEL 8C^artT"alw*y* take Iterator's rently, 'Common Sense* did not realise that tors planisphere does not pretend to show . "(s as they are-«uj regards distance-but ?}y points out how to steer. As Augustus P"*" it is useless to argue with people (Phillips strenuously attempted de ® conversion), and he whimsically sums rfuTi.tho future decide; they say round/ <art^ ®at, I say flatly that omiT*16 fl?ures rc Price of hardwood sleepers ern, ""PP1"* by Mr. Richards, city { i? n?w travelling on the Oon beheavy 8 charges would, of Jwnea M. Kerr, of as library, supplies an an as follovw:--L Eplcteti Manure, 17T8. No. ,i?«2i?M °?to mentioned by the leading Bch»3gh«o«rt ed!? i /. 2 oi^1'n,tUIp(8i^ worth from Vfl t dM?lTeUi ?e»»0B Vitae, 1714, No. ed. um ^iLraenti?nedi.Aa ed. published at ? 1111 im- 'cum notis Geb w?rth -from If to »J. 8. boo^JS«M VS on)y approximate. What Ined bv ^Ll *5*^ London would be de ruLLtbe demwid for them, and not by ^ ^ mistake in the dates of the works "e All you Jan to take . 2. a small percentage duty put «n dMeripiion of imported goods. 8. Conta-1 disease. 4. Members of the Legislative Pre^oiLi^A ?H0t r.e,feived Payment since 1878, | /.J? then they were paid. 5. The qua cil te a fr^Lwe!f,b^ of the, Ooun u a freehold ot the annual value of £100. ^^dSrt7*\Tor t7yor Md 'or Ever" was com _ Iffi&K;: ftssl'knS'wort" "* " " yera'vair4lfrala8ian BtatiBtics for 1898 Me «ot ! isIand off New Guinea, tered &at; lhe deaths have »>««> regis in that Mores'by, the seat of Government voUr~,Sl°<y- 2- The person whose address when ^n l il rePorted to have died of fever j S.0,"' ^ent expedition to New Guinea, to mrwf^^ni0^®8 on£y degrees. It iB common is S. tl?P^\\.COU?tri« where thc vegetation KsriSSiT j 6 atm°sphere moist 4. Non Mte. ii ^Ll?®8 render the cW1<* illegitl Wirt/ if is mB.^es proof of birth less easy, ther* 1- ^'kteral evidence available Bion to r^ter D° reaSOn t0 deplore 0,e omis Edmund Barton was whS, ^0»JlUiary W4°- «.**« information in Vi>on«d ^ appear- under "Answers," TpalJment- 8- Por the W ending March 81, 1886, the revenue of the United King to £1°Z.l8i,996. Thc revenue of jfLT lfi9« was 3,393,411 841 francs. Twenty. e francs are the equivalent of 20/. "ter^,;ii.irRupertci8rkewM bom °n * .paritime strike of 1890 was de-1 ciarea off in Melbourne on November 13 in that | (Geelong).-Pure India rubber can be dissolved in mineral naptha, turpentine, bisul phate of oarbon, &c.; Vulcanised indiarubber can be boiled down in oil, and is so used in making tarpaulins. "Delta". (Ulversfcon, Tasmania).-1. The value of ] the pieces depends entirely on their condition. I A twopenny piece of George I. is worth about; 1/, and a penny piece of George III. may be j reckoned at the same value. These are parts of Maundy Bete, and are worth more complete in four pieces (Id., 2d., 3d., 4d.). A Frank of j Napoleon is worth from 1/ to 2/0. 2. Communi cate with A. B. Scott, secondhand bookseller, : Swanston-street, Melbourne, naming the edition 1 and condition of books, &c.; j "Thespian" (Fitzroy).-As far as we are aware, the actress you mention was never married to Mr. ; Arthur Elliot. "A.H."-In a locomotive the wheel and axle are I all in one, and revolve together. The same is ] the case with the carriage wheel?. The weight 1 Is "borne" upon the axles. Ball-bearings are I little used outside of cycling. I "Penshurst."-Application is made to the registrar of probates, Somerset-house, Strand, London. The charge for copying is propoitioned to the length of thc will. Probably V0/ would more than | cover the co6t, and it can be remitted by post office order. " Student" (Ballarat).-English and Scottish Uni versity calendars of the most recent dates have been consulted at the Melbourne Public Library. In only two cases has mention been found of ex aminations in the colonies. The University of Durham publishes regulations for the examina tion of students in affiliated colleges in Bar bados and Sierra Leone; the University of Lon don announces that examinations for matricula-1 tion and for pass degrees in arts may be held under spccial arrangement at examination centres throughout the United Kingdom and in the colonies. As to pass degrees in scicnce, thc provision seems to be that examinations, cxcept in practical physics and biology, may be held under special arrangement at examination centres throughout the United Kingdom. You had bet ter write to the registrar of the University of London, and ask him to tell you the meaning which is attached to the terra "special." " 3.G." (Brunswick).-When your question was previously submitted it apparently formed part of a query about music, and so was described as unintelligible. The formula which you now send is perfectly comprehensible. We do not print any but the simplest symbols. Hence the symljols of which you wish to know the numeri cal value have to be described. One is 7, raised to the power 3.0. To calculate this make use of an ordinary book of logaritluns to the base 10\. You will find that log. 7 = 0.8450380. It follows that 3.0 X log. 7 = 3.0423528. This is thc logarithm of the number 7 raised to the power 3.0; and it is easy to find from the logarithmic tables that the corresponding num ber is 1102.435. Your particular example of your general formula also contains 0 raised to the power 3.C, and 12 raised to the power 1.7. Pro ceeding as aljovo, vou will find that the value of the former is 632.914, and that the value of the latter is 68.329. The difference between 1102.435 and 632.914 is 469.521. It follows from your formula that you want to reduce to its simplest form the expression 469.521 X 44.3 -5 68.321. The answer is 304.4. This number of tons is the breaking weight which you wish to ki>ow. "LauncePton."-It is very like deciding between tweedledum and tweedledee. ^ To tweedledum (No. 1) we are inclined to give a slight pre ference. In both cases the writing is legible and fairlv regular. Both specimens are marked by various affectations, tweedledee somewhat more so than tweedledum. If the writing be examined closely it will be noticed that in neither case is "u" distinguished from "n" or "111" from "w." "T 0 M "--The qualification for the Legislative I Council is a freehold of the annual vnlue of £100. No qualification is required for the Legislative Assembly beyond being an clector and native-born or duly naturalised British sub ject. Mr. Mackennal's "Oceana."-Mr, A. A. Dangar, of Baroona, New South Wales, writes to say that the statuette of "Oceana," which has been exe cuted in London by Mr. Bertram Mackcnnal for presentation to the Union Club, Sydney, was not ordered by either Mr. Suttor or by Mr. F. H. Dangar, to whom it has been ascribed in notices copied into "The Australasian," but bv him self. He says:-"When General Ilatton left Sydney I gave him a commission to order for me a piece of statuary to fill a certain niche in the Union Club, either to be a copy of some well known work, or an original, which General Hut ton strongly advocated, I only stipulating that the statuary should be by an English or Ameri can sculptor, not knowing at the time that any Australians were working or had made any name for themselves in London. General Button took much trouble in the matter, and eventu ally gave the commission to Mr. Bertram Mac kernal, who, I believe, is a Victorian born. The result is "Oceana/ which is now being exhibited In the Royal Academy, and will reach here, I hope, towards the end of thc year." TV. H. Elsum will oblige by forwarding address. "J.M.T." (Longreach).-'The book "Manners for I Men," by Mrs. Humphry, am be obtained from I any bookseller, price Is 