THE DEMON SHIP. { 'Twaa off the "Wash-the stin went down the >e:x looked black and grim. For stormy clouds with murky fleece were mastering at the brim; Titanic shades! enormous gloom!-as if the solid night Of Erebus rose suddenly to seize upon the light! It was a time for mariners to bear a wary eye, With such a dark conspiracy between the sea and sty' Down went my halm-close reefed-the tack held freely in my hand With ballast snug-I put abuut, and sendded for the land. .Laud hissed the sea beneath her lee; my little boat flew fast, Bnt faster still the rushing stonn came home upon the blast. Lord! what a roaring hurricane beset the straining sail! "What furious sleet, with level drift, and fierce assaults of hail! What darksome caverns yawned before! what jagged steeps behind! lake battle-steeds with foamy manes, wild tossing in the wind. Each after each sank down astern, exhausted in the chase, Bat where it sank another roso and galloped in its place : ~ As black as night-they turned to white, and cast against the cloud A snowy sheet, as if each surge upturned a sailor's shroud : Still flew my boat; alas! alas ! her courso was nearly run ! Behold yon fatal billow rise-ten billows heaped in one - With fearful speed the dreary mass came rolling, rolling fast, A3 if the scooping sea contained only one wave, at last! Still on it came, with horrid roar, a swift pursuing grave ! It seemed as though some clond had turned its hugeness to a wave ! Its briny sleet began to heat beforehand in my face I felt the rearward keel began to climb its swelling base! I saw its Alpine hoary head impending over mine! ~ Another pulse, and down it rushed, an avalanche of brine ! Brief pause had I, on God to cry, or think of wife and home; The waters closed-and when I shrieked, I shrieked below the foam I Beyond that rubh X have no hint of anv after deed For I was tossing on the waste as senseless as a weed. * * . « s * ? " Where am I? in the breathing world or in the world of death?" With sharp and sudden pang I drew another : birth of breath ; ? - . , 3Ty eyes drank in a doubtful light, my ears a doubtful sound. And was that ship a real ship whose tackle seemed around ? A moon, as if the earthly moon, was. shining up aloft; " But were those beams the very beams that I had seen so oft ? A face that mocked the human face before me watched alone : 7 But were those eyes the eyes of mnn that looked against my own ? O 2 never may the moon again disclose me such a sight As met my gaze, when first I looked on that accursed night! * I've seen a thousand horrid shapes begot of fierce extremes Of fever; and most frightful things have haunted in my dreams Hyenas, cats, blood-loving bats, and apes with hateful stire, Pcrnicious snakes, and shaggy bulls, the lion and she-bear, Strong enemies, with Judas looks of, treachery \- and spite Detested features, hardly dimmed and banished by the light! . Pale-sheeted ghosts, with goiy. locks, ? up starting from their tombs All fantasies and images that flit in midnight . glooms HagF, goblins, demons, lemures, have made me all aghast,- 1. '? But nothing like that Grimly One "who .stood, beside the mast 1 ' ^ . ' '*'* : His cheek was black-his* brow: was black his eyes and hair as dark : .: His hand was black," and where it touched it left a sable mark ; ' . . " . His throat was black, his Test the same : and when I looked beneath, . His breast *ras black-all, all was black, ; except his grinning teeth. 1 His sooty crew were like in hue, as black as Afrie slaves 1 . O, liorror I e'eii the. ship was black that ploughed the inky waves I " Alas !" I cried, " for love of truth and blessed mercy's sake, Where am I ? in what dreadful ship ? upon what dreadful lake ? What shape is that, so very grim, and black as any coal? It is Mahotind, the Evil One, and he has gained my soul 1 O, mother dear; my tender nurse ! dear meadows that beguiled My happy ^ days, when I was yet a little sinless child, 3tTy mother dear-my native fields, I never more shall see : -- . - ~ I'm sailing in the Devil's Ship, upon the Devil's Seal" Loud laughed that Sable Mariner^ and loudly in return His sooty crew sent forth a laugh that. rang from, stem to stern A dozen pair of grimy cheeks were cmmpled on the nonce As many sets of grinning teeth came shining out at once ; A dozen gloomy shapes at once enjoyed the merry fit. With shriek and yell, and oaths as well, like demons of the Pit. They crowed their fill, and then the Chief made answer for the whole : 4* Our skins," said he, " are black, ye see, because wo carry coal; You'll find your mother sure enough, and see your native fields For. this here ship has picked you up, the Mary Ann, of Shields ! " -THOMAS HOOD. A little girl 111 Chicago has recently published a volume of verse, to be sold for charity. She was only six years old when she undertook this literary labor, or, as she says, " X talked it, and mamma wrote it down for me just as I talked it." In one story she tells how typhoid fever broke out among the fairies. "When the fairy doctor came, he talked to the fairy godmother about microbes and germs, and " told her to boil the water." Then she, who was of an inquiring mind, asked .if a hair was a sidewalk for a microbe. " Oh, no," said the doctor, " they are much smaller." il But if the germ had the fever," persisted the god mother, " why didn't the fever, which killed little boys and girls, kill the germ ? And if the germ didn't have the fever, how could it give the fever ? How could a thing give a thing it didn't have ? " This was too much for the fairy dootor, ; who could oulv answer, " Nobody knows but God! " Later the child breaks out into verse: The flower that bends down to the earth "Will soon go Ijnek to God ; But never again ivill It return rhs same as it was plod. Ii an apparently much-needed foot« note the author explains that " this poem, which came into my head quick and sudden, doesn't make sense, because the word ' plod,' whicli rhymes so nicely with God, doesn't mean what I want it to." 