CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. WESLEYAN QUARTERLY MEETINGS. The quarterly meeting of the Port Adelaide and Semaphore Wesleyan circuit was held on Wednesday evening at the residence of Mr. E. Davey, Semaphore, when in addition to the circoit ministers, the Revs. J.B.Stephensonand j :T. A. James, there were 1G officers present I The record of members was 352 tull, 6 oo trial,! ! 5 removals, and 2 deaths. Reference was made i to the deaths of Mrs. WiUsmore, sen., of' Beverley, and Mr. Earle, of Port Adelaide, who had both been long and honorably con-' nected with the church. The financial report. showed:—lncome, £146 8s. 6d.; expenditure, £139 18s. 2d. ; surplus for the quarter £6 10s. 4d.; special receipts for debt extinction, £27 9s. 6d. The deficit from last quarter of £33 18s. 1Od. was thus liquidated, and the circuit was free from debt. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded the circuit stewards, Messrs. H. W. Waterhouse and E. E. Mitchell, for their valuable services in the liquidation of the circuit debt. Sunday-school anniversaries were arranged for at Port Ade- laide, Woodville, and Birkenhead, and the usual circuit and connexional collections were authorised. Permission was given to Royal Park and Finsbury to make application for loans of £50 and £8O respectively. It was decided to apply to Conference for permission to sell land at Royal Park and Alberton. The circuit ministers, Revs. J. B. Stephenson and T. A. James, were thanked for their services to the circuit, and were heartily and unani mously invited to remain a third year. Messrs. U. A. WiUsmore and E. Davey were appointed substitute s:ewards to the district synod. The meeting requested the circuit stewards to confer with the local trustee and arrange for necessary renovation to the Port parsonage. The Rev. J. B. Stephenson was requested to call a meeting of the Birken head congregation to consider the position of the church and the advisability of alteration of services. A cordial vote of thanks was tendered to Mr. and Mrs. E. Davey for their hospitality in entertaining the quarterly meeting at tea. The Kooringa quarterly meeting was held at Mr. John Drew's house on Tuesday, Septem ber 28. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson presided. There was a fair attendance considering the inclement weather. The ebnrch membership was reported to be 12% being a decrease of one on the year. Tbe income was £61 la.; expendi ture, including debt, £83 Ob. 2ct; deficiency on quarter. £3 Is. Bd.; debt, £23 13s. lOcL The stewards reported that a gentleman had offered a third of the amount if too remainder was raised. A liberal response was made by those present, and the stewards hope that with the addition of a few subscriptions they expect to receive in a few days the debt will be cleared oS. Tho quarterly meeting adopted the res? -; lutions re the rearrangement of cir cuits, which had pawed the united meet ing re Methodist union held some time aince and reported in newspapera. It was also resolved "That this meeting while recognising tbe importance of Sunday-school work and the necessity there is tor greater attention being given to it does not deem it advisable that a minister should be set apart by Conference to that work." A hearty and unanimous invitation was given to the Rev. J. Y. Simpson to remain a third year in the circuit, and was accepted subject to Conference approval, li w?s reported that the amount raised Cor home missions wm? £215a. 3d. Tba foreign mission deputation (Rev. J. W. Collier from Samoa) will visit the circuit in October. Mr. E. Crewes was elected substitute repre sentative to district synod in the event of either of the stewards being unable to attend. It was arranged that a collection in aid of hospital Samaritan fund be made in December. The Sunday-schools were reported on, and a conversation enacted re arrangements for approaching jubilee of the Kooringa Church. Mrs. Drew was heartily thanked for her hospitality in entertaining the members at tea. The next quarterly meeting was fixed for December 31. The September quarterly meetingof tbe Moonta YYealeyan circuit wa* held on Wednes day, September 22, at Moonta. The junior, circuit steward and his wife (Mr. and Mrs. & Hill) kindly gave all the officials a cordial in vitation to take tea together, which was accepted by a large number. At the subse quent meeting the Rsv. V. Roberts presided, supported by the Rev. C Reed and Messrs. H. Adams and 3. Hill (circuit stewards). The in come for the quarter from all sources amounted to£llol3s. 3d., whilst the number of members on the roll totalled 20 more than last year. Messrs. Bmerson and Lathern were elected substitute, stewards to thai financial meet ing of the district -to* be held at Maitland on tbe 19th of October. An application from the-Yelta trust to tbe 1 loan fund for £30 was sanctioned by tbe meet ing. The meeting accepted tbe recommenda tion made to the Federal Council by the recent combined meeting of the three Methodist mrcuita in tbe district. On Thursday evening the quarterly meeting of the Brompton Wesleyan circuit was held in tbe Brompton Wesleyan kcture-baU, when tbe pastor (Rev. W. Reed) presided over a good attendance. He reported that there were 190 ! members on the roll, 52 on trial, 23 communi cants, and there bad bean 2 deaths. The I income met the expenditure. Testimony was given of tbe good work done by Mr. and Mrs. Reed is the circuit, and Mr. Reed was unani mously invited to continne- the pastorate of tho circuit. He accepted the invitation. The chair man reported that a combined meeting of the Bowden Bible Christian, the Brompton Wes leyan. and the North Adelaide Primitive Methodist circuits had been held to consider the adjustment of circuits in connection with Methodist union. It was resolved to recom mend that the Tbebarton Bible Christian and the Beverley Primitive,Methodist churches be 1 not included in the proposed circuit, and that ! the Ovingham Weatoyan church be included. i Messrs. H. Reseigb and F. Walsh were ap pointed substitute stewards to attend tbe district synod if necessary- Favorable reports lon tbe Sunday-schools were gives by the visitors (Messrs. E. J. Lawton and EL Perkins.) A resolution was passed opposing tbe appoint ment of a minister as general. secretary for Sunday-schools. A discussion took place on the petition to be presented to the Premier by I the Christian Endeavor deputation, and a resolution in favor ot it was unanimously carried. A hearty vote of thanks was passed Ito the) Rev. J. Cowperthwaite fur giving a 1 lecture on "Nansen and the North Pole.1' THE Y.M.C.A. On Thursday evening the Victoria Hall was filled to overflowing by the announcement of a lecture by the Rev. J. Rayner on "When a woman is single." Mr. 11. T. Fry, one of tbe vice-presidents of the association, occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer, who commenced by carefully disclaiming any intention to treat his subject vulgarly or flippantly, adminis tered a severe rebuke to those who thought and wrote of woman without due delicacy. He scathingly denounced a correspondence conducted on the subject in tbe colomna of I one of the dailies some time ago as being ' entirely wanting in the respect due to women. IHo kept his audience interested and amused i during tbe whole of the lecture, and was 1 accorded a hearty vote of thanks at the dose. i During the evening musical selections were pleasingly rendered by Miss Jessie Syme and Mr. J. J. Virgo. On Wednesday evening tbe third of the meetings in connection with the week of evan gelistic services at the Norwood Baptist Church was held. The pastor. Rev. Charles Bright, presided over a good attendance and delivered an impressive address. Much interest is being taken in these services and the atten dance, ia increasing each evening. To-morrow evening Mr. J. J. Virgo and the Y.M.C.A. iQuartet will be thechief^ttractionat the meet og. A Japanese bazaar was held in the Kent Town Wesleyan lecture-hall on Thursday in aid of the funds of the Sunday-school. The fair was declared open by the Mayoress of St. Peters (Mrs. R. X Coombs). Several stalls were erected in the hall, each decorated with i I Japanesa umbrella* and art muslin, while tho I ladies in charge were dressed in appro ! priate costumes. The attendance during ; both the afternoon and evening was ; good, and brisk business was done [at the stalls. The presiding ladies at theaa I were:—Useful stall. Misses Berry, Trudgen, I Goode. Newman, and Knowlps; fairy well. 1 Misses Videon, B. Rhodes, and Roach ; tea. ! stall. Miss E. Miller and Mr. T. Rhodes; I produce staU, Misses Peters, Broad bent, M. I : Baker, F. White, Jose, and Mr. U. White; 1 sweet stall. Misses Thomas, Rhodt-s. _\L I Thomas, and B. Parkes; tiWer stall, Misses Farrent, Brown, Williams, Knox, Lajjgsford, WUden, and Mr. R. Thomas. Messrs. A. £. Trudgen. P. H. Berry, and 3. M. Rhodes were the secretaries of the bazaar. The bazaar will be open this afternoon and evening. A concert in aid of the church restoration I fund was given ia St Cyprian's Hall, North Adelaide, on Thursday night. There was a I huge audience, over which the Hon. I). M. Charleston presided. The programme, which consisted of songs, recitations, quartets, plan tation songs, and instrumental mutuc was : admirably carried out by Misses A. White, M. White, aod M. Griffiths, Mesdames M. Bern- I stein, D. -M. Charleston, and F. W. Vieary, : Messrs. T. C. Paltridge, a Bernstein, J. £. Lawton, J. C. Griffiths, W. £??raTd, W. T. Thompson. E. J. Hogan, W. v?. Batar, A. , Wilson, and E. Phillips. Matters R Lswia, K. !G. Hcnkin, N. M. Hack, sad the OoDiedral choir boys. On Thursday evening a magio lantern lecture on "Marley's ghost" was given in the Bowden Bible Christian rectors-ball More a irood audience- The lantern was. manipulated !by the Rev. W. T. Shapiey and toe readings I were supplied by Mr. Jos. Asbton. Messrs. !E. J. and E. C. D. Coombecoai?Jbu*Bo\ songs I and Miss L Gould a recitation. Married people live kmmr than the on- I married, the temperate aad indnalrioas longer than the gluttonous and idJ^ a?d civilised ' nations longer than thy iiiiiiitfli—t " Tall ; persons enjoy a greater MmgnStf than abort jonea. -: %<? 