The Sensations of a Drowning Man. OASSBLL'S FAMILY MAGAZINE. " Drowning is a pleasant death" is a remark conMantly made by thoBo who novel gulped down salt- water into tho delicate tissues of their lungs. . . . As a lad X was bathing in rough weather on the beach of a watering-plaoo in Northern Franco. Swept out to sen, I struggled, sunk, beoame insensible, and was saved by the courage and skill of a gallant French mail-who wrote his nnmo that day in my mother's How Testament as a memorial of the rescue. Thin was all. The oircumstancea were ordinary. A thousand such may ooaur every year. Psychologically, howevor, there are points of interest which arise principally from the fact that I romomber , all that happened during a period of time which may havo been four or five minutes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately 1 entered tho water, the i much-resounding roar of the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful-full of foreboding and terror. Ashamod of this fancy, I instinctively but foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth ; not because I intended to run any risk, for I could not swim, but beoause tho stroug current had soooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom, whioh hid six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by tho waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when tho water closed over my ho»d for the first time cannot bo deaoribed. It was tho bitterest point of tho struggle. Cruol and omnipotent force, without warn ing or reason, surroundod me, and my frantio and determined efforts to escape only increased tho pent-up passion to censo holding my breath and to inhalo onco more. . I felt instinctively, as I writhed in tho cold, blaok water, that if once I succumbed to the temptation to espol my breath, whioh almost burst the ribs in my angry eflorta to retain it, the end would come ; that I should be compelled to breathe inwards while covered with tho pressing ealt water. At this time I must havo given way, and tho dreadod stream of air-bubbles rose to the surface. A few .voeka before I had watched tha drowning of a cat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a ntnno, and had E.night with up turned face for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from tho corners of its mouth, it ntood at tho bottom swaying in the gentle ourrunt, turned over, and uftor ono finil strugglo gave up tho ghost. This scene camo vividly befo're me, I thought of this wretched ca1-, and was hnlf amused to think that my caso was the cuae of tho cat. There was no fear.; tho aotual olrcumatanoes filled my attention, and tho piteous long ing to oacapn and the inability of u>y oflorts suddenly became oubordinnti d to tho footing of intolorablo pain. 35yo«, ohest, limbs, worn c.U r.no wl'd p-iiu. Just then 1 touohod the sandy bottom with my. fingors and ljnoe, nnd hastily fimtchcd a handful of sand and wntoi' to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All I wanted was to ond the pain. JSo thought of death, uxcop OH an interesting and immaterial factor in m situation, came over mo. It is trim that ' remembered that X should bo missed wh<>* dinnor tiino oamo and I was found missing ', and thinking of tho humo poople, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a cheat of drawers in my hod-room, which X hnd intended lo put 011. Then, suddenly, 1 found my eyes abovo water for a second, nnd 1 snw two blurred figures noar. On this I sank again, and was conscious of rolxiwj effort and sink ing out of a consoious i-tato to ono in which ono dreamed wi'hout knowing what tho dreams ware. From this X awoko in great pain in tho contro of a crowd on th» boaoli, whither my ri sourer had borno me. My first thought was ono of infinlto and un« reasoning shamo j but the nausea causing by swallowing eo rnuoh salt water quick)} brought mo baok to earth again. 