THE VEILED WOMAN, Hep Place In the East, ' Is the Custom Fading. . Travellers who see '.the struggle of "ia yeune Turque" after Wostern forms of civilisation land easier , 'movement of Egyptian .Govern-: mental circles in the same direction, often receive the impression that the "changeless East" is ehansrinir faster thian any other port of the world, and tlhat "the veiled woman," brushing aside all the Imagined romance of lrer life behind the fretted moulsharableh, is meditating the ballot and the bicycle (says a European., writer). 'But the danger Is not yet . imminent. The incongruous mixture of West and Eiaet to be found in Constantinople, Cairo, and Alexandria, is, because of Its In congruities, peculiarly interesting. Nowhere else 'have I felt the STRENGTH OF ISLAM - as .1 did in an express .train in Lower Egypt, when am imposing old .Mosiem Stopped his chat with an American girl -to consult his American watch, nine oil his six feet -of .sa tined' length, drop Ills slippers, and prostrate himself in sunset pnayer. The calm of the Sheik's devotions, undisturbed by .tlhe pre sence of the "personally conducted," or by the fact that he 'mistook the direction of Mecca and had to repeat his moghi-lb exer cises on .the -pliaform with the wind blowing at 40 miles an -hour, ballooning his robes and untwisting the yards- of white bedclothes about his head, wa3 Impressive. Young Tur key calls men of this. stamp sou.ffous, zealots; but the weak point of Young Turkey Is that- it has little or no rellgiotn-. ' THE VEILED "WOMAN ;' . wiilv. survive for many a year, to come ( in ! .Turkey"; hut to' see hier. wholly "unoo>utaimih:— ated" la easier in ' -Morocco: There were ghosts yet abroad that cold, blue African dawn last November, - when tlie bare-legged Moors; in ragged burnouses, wlio w.ere escort ing our party thrdugli the defiles of the bar ren hills behind Tangier, -began shouting at the beasts of a caravan that threatened our passage along 'iihe oreelc bed wo were fol lowing. lEdhiweii Schwel! Look out there!" ' yellled .Ahmed and Mulstapha, ' arid there in front of us were shrouded ghosts of .M-ehaim- ' med's journeyings — ghosts of days when Ro- beoca saw Isaac in the distance- and "lighted off her camel" and "took a veil and covered -herself" — ghosts o.f Eastern life from the be ginning -of recorded time. "Ar — r — mill", rolled out Totoi, the boy. "Arraz— zlilmo! R— .rltthi! Hulslit Get along there!" <Wmels and -niiuiles and asses slouched and shouldered past us. 'pricked_by 'the goads of their drivers and followed— so It looked In. the moriilng twilight — by the sheeted, dead — silent, yellow- ' Ish-whlte »i»ietres, witli nothing visibly .hu man about them but a hand clutching the long woollen draperies across the mouth land nooe. Some of- the women carried bundles ' of faggots as big a's the donkeys' loads; but a weight that bent them double could mot re lax their grip on the veil. One of the animals rubbed his pack against a reck, breaking the lashings. The nearest -woman shared the bealiing turning her head ones and showing again." that one lhand, and above it big black, stolid eyes. All tlie mystery and the melancholy of the East Is embodied In the white, .skulking fig ures cdf the Moorish peasant woman., 'Not the "sad-eyed, solemn Calrene" in funeral crape, nor t'he black prisons of horsehair In which Bagdad women do penance for (being born, nor the blind- folded Syrian girls groping' their way under dark swathing sheet's, with pin- holes pricked before the eyes, stir such a feeling. Morocco Is antlaulty canned alive. It is the remotest past still doing business across the straits from Gibraltar. 