THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 15 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was diEcovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at thoe door. Although pale- and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: " You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd of March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterrly hopeless. HIowever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for fire or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Pro gressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. HIe told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my logs. (Just then the patient kicked his leg about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) *Vell, just as a drowning mccan will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler- mauker in England, which I read in the "Australian WVorkman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with ome. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left tho bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, anl am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there o They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly rega:ning my strength." "UHe is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I asn in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. MIy being about aggin has caused quite a sensation outhoero." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pitnk Pills for Pale Peoplo. They coure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as nmemnia, pale and sallow complexion, general museular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous heads?che, etc. 