Queen's Greatest Grandson. ,-. r\ /tjHEN William II. Ill /A\ ///first asserted Mm ill//l\ /// self in European po uy/alW/ litics' he' no doul)t' ir/flVl/ got on the nerves of tvS \\\7/ a sood many of -nis I J I contemporaries. He \0 -*bj was a youne man, with a. splendid army under his com mand, and he made speeches and impro vised sensations in a fashion which 'for a season made many sober people feel a little uneasy. But after a time, when year after year pass ed by, and Germany remained at peace, Europe began to rea lise that it had done the young man some injustice. When allowance has been made for defects of heredity- and tempera ment, which his most vehement censors display much more conspicuously than the Kaiser, there remains palpable to all men a ruler of versatility and of decision, a sovereign who takes his king ship seriously, and, above all, a war-lord who has kept the peace for ten years. The lapse of time has steadied him, the difficulties of the European problem have sobered him, and, as a result, there is. on the Continent to-day no monarch who is so well qualified to play the great role of the Lord ; Chief Justice of Europe. The suggestion that this, and this almost alone, is at the back of the Kai ser's mind, may appear at first somewhat para doxical to those whose only ideas of the German Emperor are based upon the first impressions of the heady speeches of 1888 and 1889. But when the later career of William II. is studied, more es pecially the action which has brought down upon him such a volley of abuse, it will be seen that no other hypothesis fits so well with all the facts. When the Czar died the Kaiser saw the way clear for his assuming almost as his' right the leadership -of Europe. Francis Joseph, his Aus trian ally, was too old, and without ambition. Nicholas II. was too young, and without experi ence. . There is no sovereign in France, and King Humbert in Italy had neither the parts nor the power to aspire to the leading position. The Kaiser nominated himself for the post, and ever since he has been rather overwhelmed by an ever-growing sense of the immense responsibili ties of his position. All this is very natural and proper. When a young war- lord finds no field for his warlike, ambitions in a prolonged period of uneasy peace, it is a blessing indeed if he can find an outlet for his superabundant energy in play ing Lord Chief Justice! as 'primus inter pares' on the continental bench. Besides, there is always so much danger of European concerts going to sleep that we may indeed be grateful for the advent of an energetic young conductor who wakes them up with his strenuous baton. No doubt the Kaiser fancies himself too much, and imagines that he is a kind of Vicegerent of God Almighty— as no doubt he is, for so are we all, each within our own potato patch. But if we would judge him justly, or take up a standpoint I from which we may calculate with reasonable ! certainty the probable course of his future policy, we shall do well to fix our minds upon this idea. The war-lord of Berlin is acting, and will act, as Chief Justice of the Continent, lor the en forcement of law and the maintenance of peace.' Seven years ago he explained his policy in an interview with an Austrian statesman in the following remarkable words: — 'Bismarck endeav ored to force upon me perpetual war abroad and war at home. Weli, I determined to have peace, and -shall force peace upon the domestic foes of the empire, as well as upon its foreign enemies. 1 must complete the work which my grandfather who died too soon, had not time to accomplish. Germany united, and Europe pacified that is my grand dream.' The Kaiser's chief, and indeed— ur-f'i tT-'- r.™^- ; business cropped up— almost his only offence in the eyes of most Englishmen was '? ,- i congratulation to President Ki-uger after the 'sur- render of Dr. Jameson. Yet better service has seldom been done to England than that inadvert ent unmasking of the 'German complot' against British supremacy in South Africa. The Kaiser has explained that he did not intend to be of fensive and it is quite certain neither he nor those who inspired the telegram intended to adver tise to the British empire the presence of a peril hitherto unsuspected by the nation at large. Whst ne intended to do, and what he thought he was doing, was to cry, 'Order in the court!' in stentori an tones, as is the fashion with judges when an ob streperous member of the public volunteers an unceremonious interruption. In the Transvaal the Kaiser was at the best only an interested bystan uer. nuz ureie is in his own backyard. All the instincts of the Lord Chief Justice awoke and asserted themselves with emphasis. The Kaiser is reported to have put his foot down with empha sis, and to have sworn by the great gods that the Hellenes must 'come out of that.' Hence all the pother, the insulting newspaper articles, the wild ravings about 'a new Holy Alliance,' the 'league of allied despots,' etc., etc.— all simply because the Lord Chief Justice of Europe must have order in court. Surely, Instead of resenting this sudden desire to assert the dignity and authority of the European Areopagus, we should welcome it with exceeding great joy. For what we have all been lamenting so bitterly these last few years is that there was no longer any Europe at all, that the European con cert had perished- of paralysis, and that in place of that great engine of reform and of peace we had only the ghost of the concert gibbering over the corpse of the Sick Mac. Thanks, we are told, to the initiative of the Kaiser, it seems all thi6 is changed. One of our greatest difficulties in the East has been the obstinate parochialism of Ger man statesmen. When the Crimean war might have been averted if the four Powers had but held together, the then King of Prussia made war in evitable by backing out of the concert at the eleventh hour in order to take up an attitude of selfish isolation. Frederick William wrote as an excuse for his withdrawal:— 'I am resolved to H.R.H. THE PRINCE OF WALES. maintain a -position of complete neutrality. My people require absolute neutrality from me. Tbey say (and I say), what have we to do with the Turk? . Whether he stand or fall in no way concerns the industrious Rhinelanders and the husbandmss of the Riesengebirge and, Bernstein.' s In like mood JBismarck ^cynically declared that the Bulgarian question— including the trifle of the deliverance of a whole nationality from the endless* repetition of the butcheries of Batak— was not worth the bones ef a single Pomeranian grenadier. What a. change has now come over the spirit of the German dream! ? It was worth while making Wil helm Chief Justice of Europe, if only to get the Germans roused to a sense of the obligations unr der which Germany lies to secure the peace of the East. , There may be a tendency on the part of our new Lord Chief Justice and of some of hi« allies to adopt a line of policy which leads in evitably to the sacrifice of living nations before the altar of treaties and the status quo. One passage in Mazzini's impeachment of the Vatican Council ' reminds one of this peril. He said: 'You worship force, force which from Prometheus to Galileo has ever sought to enchain the revealers and persecur tors of the future to the motionless rock of pres ent- fact. You preach, submit to it, and cry to it, Help me! You struggle to recommence a worn out and exhausted past, and you curse the gene ration which cannot and. will not follow you in your labcr of Sisyphus.' But there is not much danger that the Kaiser and the other Emperors will fall into the mistake of the Council of the Infallibility. They have had an object lesson recently as to the danger cf allowing the Turk, by his crimes, to expose the powder magazine of oppressed and despairing hu manity in his tortured provinces to the match of every reckless passer-by. Europe, after ridding itself of the danger from Greece, which is well within its power, will have to grapple with the far more difficult question of the opposition of the Sultan and the blood feuds between his semisav age subjects. But once given a living authority in Europe under a vigorous Lord Chief Justice, and all things are possible. — W, T. Stead, in the 'Contemporary Review.' 