Readings in Catholic Doctrine. To examine fully the proofs of this doctrine, It Is necessary to connect It with the Catholic practice of praying for the dead. For this practice Is es sentially based on the belief In purga tory. Why does the Catholic pray for his departed friend, but that he fears lest, not having died in so pure a state as to be immediately admitted to tho sight of God, he may be enduring that minfahmpnt. which Ood has awarded after the forgiveness of his sins; and believes that through the intercession of his brethren he may be released from that painful condition. Plainly, the two doctrines— a state of tem porary suffering preparatory to hea ven, and the power of prayer to re lieve that suffering— go completely to gether. To prove one is to prove the other. , . We are told in the second Book of Machabees (xii, 43-46) that the valiant Judas made a collection, and 'sent twelve thousand drachmas of silver to Jerusalem for sacrifice, to be offered for the sins of the dead, thinking well and religiously concerning the resur rection. For if he had not hoped that those who were slain would rise again, it would have seemed superfluous and vain to pray for the dead, that they may be loosed from their sins.' Some will say that the book quoted from Is not part of Scripture. It would not be difficult to prove that it has the same right as many books in the Old, and still more in .the New Testament; for it is quoted by the Fathers as Scripture and named as such by Coun cils. But at all events it is a true book, full of sound doctrine. Even the Protestant Church of England directs that it be read for instruction. No one will pretend to deny that It is a good history, and represents faithfully what the Jews believed and practised at that time. We have, therefore, the practice and belief of the Jewish Church in testimony of our doctrine. Does our Saviour ever once reprove this custom of the Jews? But, you will ask, are there any ouier ??b»u'1'''c' for this practice among the Jews ? Most undoubtedly, for the Jews have con tinued the practice up to this moment. In their prayer-books a form ot daily prayer is appointed for the departed, and in many of their synagogues there is a tablet on which are inscribed the names of deceased persons that they mav be prayed for. But our Saviour not only did not re buke this custom of the best and holiest members of the ancient Church' of God, He positively confirmed it. In speaking of two kinds of sin (Matt, xii 32) he says: 'Whosoever shall speak a word against the Son ol Man, it shall be forgiven him; but he that shall speak against the Ho y Ghost, t shall not be forgiven him, either in this t.^,.1,1 m. in t.hfi next.' Now, all who heard these words were Jews; must they not have felt that they recognised belief in a future satisfaction for sin, and their custom of laying for the dead? As St. Augustine said near y fifteen hundred years ago (De Civitate Del lib xxi., c. xxlv.): 'The prayers of the church, or of good Persons, are heard in favour of those ChriBtians who departed this lii'e, not so bad as to be deemed unworthy of mercy, nor so good as to be. entitled to immediate harminess. Otherwise it would not hale been said of some that their Bin 'shall not be forgiven, neither in this woiS-SSr in the world to come, un less some sins were remitted in the next world.' ,_ „ ., ,. , n,iM, who has departed this lite. -3i Ambrose, a glorious leauu ul sSsvx' ::.':— !ii»'~= mwmsm out '»-''' ,, ,it(. ia n1iG thing, says and .mother to^eoei- en thlng fcy flre'#}2SS '.t0 Thi dennslng of sin 5.SSSB SSffffSOTWS '^vAht auote a multitude of pas ?m 'n the Holy Ghost dwelling among .the children1 of God, there can be no hesita tion in accepting the universal belief of Christendom, before its unhappy divi sion % ! purgatory, and In the efflaaoy °Vo?^!h?iwd?o^e!ntheobjeoj tinn that the word purgatory is not found 1 IS Scripture. Where Is the word Trinity to be met with? Where Is tho word Incarnation to be found In Scrip ture? Where are many other terms held most sacred in the Christian reli gion? The doctrines are found there— that is enough; the names were not given till circumstances renedered It ne cessary. , ,, As a practical doctrine In the Catholic Church purgatory and prayers for the departed have a most consoling influ ence, and one worthy of a religion that came down from heaven to second all the purest feelings of the human heart. Nature herself revolts at the idea that the tenderest bonds of love can be rude ly snapped asunder by the hand of death— conquered and deprived of Its sting by the victory of the cross. The true Christian spirit will not be sepa rated from one it loves in Christ, by the stroke of death. Cold and dark as the grave itself is the delusion that sym pathy is at an end, that the union of prayer is to be broken at the moment of death; that no further Interchange of friendly offices may take place be tween those who have laid them down to sleep In peace, and us, who, for awhile, strew fading flowers upon their tomb. But sweet is the consolation to the dying man who, conscious of many imperfections, knows that if his own time of merit is ended by death, others will lovingly intercede in his behalf; soothing to the afflicted survivors is the thought that instead of unavailing tears they possess the most powerful tokens of affection in prayer and sup plication. This sentiment will often in the first moments of grief overpower religious prejudice, cast the unbeliever down on his knees beside the remains of his friend, and snatch from him an unconscious prayer for his eternal rest: It is an impulse of bereaved nature seiz ing at once upon this consolation, which we have seen to be as plainly taught by revelation as It is rooted in our best human instincts. But this is only like the flitting and melancholy light which sometimes plays for a moment over the corpses of the dead; while the Catholic belief and practice is a steady lamp of hope fed by the unfailing truth of God. It prolongs the tenderest affections beyond the gloom of the grave. It in fuses and continually renews the in spiring trust that the assistance we on earth can afford to our departed suffer ing brethren will be amply i-epaid when they have reached their place of rest. 