THE NOVELIST. THE BONDS OF LOVE. [By E.H.W.] CHAPTER XII. A few days later Miss Mallett and her companion took a long country walk over the hills, It was fatly early in the forenoon, and the steady pull up the hills, with the breeze in their faces. brought back some of the vanished roses to the girls' pale cheeks. Their spirits rose, too, and Edith soon found herself rattling away in her usual bril liant manner. They had left tlt. general to himself that morning for the first time. The doctor had given hini permission to attend to a little business. so when they came away he was dee,, in correspondlence, looking very impor taut and almost happy. Thanks to the united attention and good nursing of the t.w., girls, he felt almost hi msplf again. h)i rtachling; the top of the hill they had been climbing they were glad to sit down. It was a magnificent view from the summit, and to enjoy it to its full extent Marjory took ofi her goggles, ilinging thetlm down upon the soft turf with a look of supreme disgust and dislike. '" I wish I could dting off this old wig ton." shle cried, ruefully. " But one must he thankful for small mercies, I suppose." "Take it off, thn .. No one will see us," suggested Edith, sympathetically. "Here, let me." Marjory sighed contentedly, and, resting her lovely face between her hands, gazed dreamily over the purple hills. The silence that ensued was rudely broken by the sharp sudden nark of a dog, and the next moment a handsome retriever approached Edith with a friendly wag of his taii. Miss .Mallett changed color rapidly, and stamnmered, hurriedly " Bruce Melville's dog !" Marjory just managed to catch lihe drift of the remark, and, with shaking tingers, fastened on the disfiguring wig, hastily placing the ugly hat on the top. Masculine voices were heard, and Mr Melville andhis friend Gregory Ham imond made their appearance over the hill-tops. The countitenance of the latter brightened considerably when lie saw the two girls He was an ardent admirer of Edith, and, in addition to this, he thought she might be able to give hint some clue as to the where- abouts of his wife, whom lie had not caught a glimpse of since the evening of Lady Thornton's garden- party. So he advanced eagerly with a bright smile and outstretched hand, and Bruce Melville followed slowly, the deep flush fading from his sallow face. Edith put the tips of her fingers in his hand, and said "How do you do ?" She did not look at him. It was the first time they had met since the garden- party, and the bitter words uttered by both still rankled in the;r hearts. He touched the cold finger-tips, and then let them fall, turning courteously to Marjory who was standing by, white and trembling. He addressed several remarks to her about the weather and scenery, but, as she only replied in smothered n:ono syllables, he grew silent, and was obliged to listen to the animated con versation of the two other young people. " Do you feel sufficiently rested to stroll along the hill ?" suggested Gregory, eagerly, to Edith. Hlie was anxious to be alone with her, so, that hie could ask her tihe questions that were tremnlling on his lips. "Oh, yes, I think so," replied Edith, brigl'tly. " And you, Marjory ?" At the sound of the beloved name, Gregory started, and looked with fresh interest at the plaini little companlion. The big ugly hat prevented him from seeing the vivid flush that flooded Maijory's face. but something in the slender, girlish figure, though clad in a badly-fitting nowit and ja'ket, tuea hinit thoughtful, and caused himi to remark to Miss Mallitt. as they strolled along the hill-top l" What a shy, demlure little wotant Miss loiliest is l)oes she always wa.r Ithose nine goggles" " Why ?" queried Edith. evading a direct reply, and Iaughitng amu-edly. I" should like to see her without them, that's all," he answered slowly. "Something in her figure reminds me of someonA I have not seen for six years. Wliha a horror it must be to have red hair," he added, irreverently. Edith's happy musical laugh rang out, and the two following in the rear winced with pain. " should dye it," she laughed. " I am awfully fond of red-brown hair. I really think I should like to have red, just to convert it into the artistic sl ade I adore." " Miss Mallelt." negan Gregory, " i want you to do me a service if you will." "Speak, 0 knight, and it shall tle granted thee," cried Edith, stopping in her saunter to make hinm a sweeping bow. Gregory laughed nervously and coloured. It was difficult t,- know how to begin. "I have told you haven't I," lihe commenced, "that I have been look ing for someone for six years, and am still searching ? We II, the evening of Lady Thlornton's garden-party I saw her, or her ghost, in the woods round your house." " What a lot of things seem to have happened on that day," mused Edith, dreamily: then added, more brightly--" Of course you caught her !" " Nay, I wish I had," he answered sadly. " She ran away ! " " Ran away !" echoed Edith. "But why did she do that ?" " I don't know, unless she imagines I am a scoundrel, and has grown to hate nme. You see, I-I went away, and somehow, owing to a severe illness and the miscarriage of letters, we have lost each other, and when I went to her old home a year later she had gone, no one knew where. I have been looking for her ever , ince." His voice faltered, and he suddenly turned his head and stared hard over the hills. "Poor boy !" murmured Edith, gently and sweetly. "She was very dear to you ?" " Very dear," he replied, simply; " she was my wife !" At that moment Bruce Melville's voice was heard calling to them. " Miss Holliest would like some of that heather growing down the other side," he explained, coolly, " so I recommend you, Gregory, as an athlete, to ierform the feat and get Miss Holliest what she desires." I He left the little companion's side as he spoke and calmly moved over to Edith. "Oh, no, no, I really do not want any," Miss Holliest was heard to de clare. in a smothered agitated voice, and Gregory, inwardly blessing both cis friend and the plain little com panion was obliged to protest that he should be delighted to get her some. Before leaving Edith's side, however, he managed to whisper-" I must see you again," and Miss Mallett nodded her head intelligently, all of which by play the other two saw with the quick " eye of love and jealousy. So Gregory joined Miss Holliest, and sked her courteously which kind of heather it was she wanted. "I-I don't want any, thank you," she replied, in the same agitated smothered tones. " Please do not trouble " " No trouble, I assure you," replied Gregory, kindly. Thus Marjory was obliged to hurriedly point out what it was she desired, and heaved a sigh of relief at ( she saw him cautiously descend the steep rocky side of the hill. She watched him until lie was out of sight, then stretching forth her hands, she muttered, sobbingly " Oh, Gregory, my darling ! my hus band ! if I could show myself to you. But 1.jth loves you, ;a?d you must not see me again." She wiped her wet eyes, and, turning away, walked rapidly down the hill homewaurds. When Gregory reached the top, hot and breathless, with a lovely clump of heather she had gone. "Cool!" he ejaculated, as he sat down and fanned himselt with his straw hat--"more than I am at this present moment. Queer little stick ! what made her run away, I wonder ? Bruce and Edith quarrelling and spoon ing somewhere, I suppose ? Well, I'll have a smoke, and wait here until they come back." " What do you want ?" queried Edith, defiantly, as she and Bruce sauntered out of the range of vision. " I want to speak to you - tc have it out," he replied, savagely twisting the grass with his stick. " You want to quarrel, that's it, I suppose," said Edith, bit'erly. " You haven't had anyone to say rude, vulgar, ungentlemanly things to lately, and so you are on the point of exploding." " Perhaps I am," he retorted, hotly; "but most certainly I intend you to explain yourself, and to apologise for your cruel behaviour to me the other afternoon." Miss Mallett gasped with astonish ment and indignation, too utterly taken aback to reply at once. -" You have done your best to make me the laughing-stock of the place," he went on passionately. " You have broken my heart and ruined my life, but, by Heaven, you shall hear me yet, and ask my pardon." He paused, and Edith turned upon him with blazing eyes. "Shall I ?" she cried, betweetn her clenched teeth. " Shall I, Bruce Mel ville ? Try me ; do what you like with me- murder me if you wish it., but you will never get me to ask your pardon." They stood opposite each other, with white passionate faces, blazing eyes, and firmly closed lips. Each possessed an inflexible will. and it was a conflict which should bend or break first. " I went away for a year because you had bewitched me, and because I knew you to be one of the most heartless, cold-blooded flirts that ever disgraced your sex !" lie cried, hotly, " I came home again, cured as I thought, and again you played your game, and - won !" He groaned in the bitterness of his pain and anger, and clenched his hands until the nails made marks in tre palms. Edith watched him furtively, her heart beating high with a passionate joy. Her own anger had died during his speech, and a mighty, incredulous joy was taking its place. He loved her. She still had the power to cause him exquisite anguish or pleasure. She could have danced with joy further, witli the hot Southern blood lealing through her veins, she could scarcely restrain from thrrowiutg herself in his armns, telling him that She loved him even better than he loved her. But the coquette t'iumuph.d over the woman, and she curbed her love and haste. " And do you know why I have won ?' she asked, mockingly. Ble cause men are all fo Is, and you are no exceptiron to the rule." A scarlet flush sprang to his face, a imad light to his eyes, and he cried, hoarsely " You mock mte, you scoff at me!" H1e seized her roughly by the arm and shook her. Whether she lost her balance in shrinkiing away I'rom him, or whether, in his imad rage, he pushed her, it was impossible to say, but the next instant a startled cry rang through the air. as she fell backwards down the steep rocky side of the hill. Then, like a madm:n. he sprang down after her. A short time later, Gregory Ham mond was disturl ed in his leaceful consumpltion of a choice cigar Icy the ghastly appearance of his friend haggard, white, and dishevelled, bearing a WOmlllaln lliccllilOi~Olt. I'o!nl ill his a'rnms. " (ireat Ieavefns! Jr ce, what is the matter ?" he cried, turning pale. " I have killed her. Gregory.'" Bruce( replied, quietly. " killed her through my mad passion. My love, my darling !" (To be continued.) 