THEO: OR HIS OWN AGAIN. , '?? ? ? ? ? ^ '™ ? ? CHAPTER I. 'Not the lawful possessor of Hale, Mr; Rupert— Mr, Falconer, ' 'I iuean!' oried tho old man, in pro found astonishment. 'Why, what do you moan, sir1' -?'.TuBf, wliht, T Rfiv. niv dear sir,' 'he replied. 'Head that!' And he put Mrs. Frtlconor'B confession into the lawyer's hand. The old man was greatly, troubled as he read. ' 'But tho will!'— the will I' ho criod. 'What proof . is there of what sha says') She was ill. Her ' mind may have beori affected.' ' The lawyor looked at Rupert in quiringly, Ho had been the legal advisor of Rupert's father, and also of his grand-uncle, and remembered well how, before the old man died, ho had given him to understand that his cousin, Fenwiok Falconer, '?would bo lria heir, and tho aatonisU 1 ,j»ont that fell on him when, on the reading of tho will after his death, it was found that, after all, Ernest Falconer was left possessor of all the JIalo property. 'Ah!' returned Rupert, sadly; 'I have found tho will. It is here p— look I' And ho gave the docu ment to Mr. Rogers. Tho old man examined the will earefully through .and through, and ??' at last was reluctantly forced to ad mit that thero seemed no reason to' doubt its authenticity. 'And she told you where to find ??It The asked ' 'Yea,' said Rupert, '''she put it there years ago. As a girl, that room was her favorite retreat j bui I have heard Mrs Bland, the oH housekeeper, say that sho gave it up shortly after my grand-unclo'p ? death, and since then it has been unused.' 'And. if this should turn out a ' true will,' began Mr. Rogers, 'the estate will go ? ' 'To my cousin, Jonathan Fal cGner,' he replied ; 'and his lawyers are Cutbush and Skinner, of .Lincoln's Inn. Write to them 1 directly. I must give over the pro perty to its rightful owner at once." CHAPTER II. Two months have elapsed since confession in her daughter hrdlu {Linotype error} confession in her grandson's hands. Ruport had been up and down to London many times, passing long hours in the dismal offices of Messrs. Cutbush and Skinner, and in the hardly more cheerful rooms of Mr. Rogers. Ho had received many letters of ecmuoltaiOQ from IViendH and f-c- . quaintancoB, some 'of whom had called out of more curiosity, but tho greater number out of honest sympathy and affection. Gentry, tenantry, and villagers all felt tlat they were losing a good friend and master, (and were not prepared to regard tho new proprietor of Hale , Castle— a Yankee, who kenew no- ; thing of English habits and ways, albeit his ancestors were Falconers ; — with any favor. ; A week later, Mr. Jonathan Fal conor, the new master of the castle, did arrive in England, and made his first acquaintance with the laul of his forefathers, after a long and stormy voyage across the broad Atlantic. Rupert was at the Castle, and : all was in readiness for Mr. Fal coner's reception ; and his oarringo roiled up tho broad drive leading to the Castle gate, the servants as sembled in the hall to welcome their new lord; and Rupert and Mr. Rogers stood at tho top of the great door, ready to greet him. flight of steps leading up to the A tall, thji, wiry, but never theless' handsome man was Mr. Jo nathan Falconer, spite of tlio small made garments wherewith he was clad. A Falconer, too, he evi dently wns, by his open brow and oleavly-iiut features, if but a foreign editiou of the family ; and his voice had an honest, cloav ring in it, spite of tho American twang with which (to the ears of the Hale folk) his speech was disfigured. 'You are Rupert Falconer, I guess,' he said, shaking Rupert warmly by the hand ; 'and this is Mr. Rogers, of course ! Well, cousin — for wo are cousins, though dis tant ones — I'm sorry to disturb you hero;, but, still, I'm only i tak- ing what's my own, you see. Ah 1 these are my servants— ho ps wo call 'em ! Good evening to ye all, frionds!' And he nodded to the surprised domestics, and then followed Ru pert with long swinging strides, through tho hall, his restless black eyes noting everything as ho pas wd — from the soft Turkey carpet on the floor of tho corridor to the portraits and suits of old armor on tho walls — till they entered the largo drawing-room, which was thrown open for the first time on that evening since Mrs. Falconer's death, and -which, brilliantly light ed and decorated with, flowers, was a picture of perefegt tasto and costly luxury. 'Ah,' he sn/id, seating himself on a luxurious couch, and looking round; 'that isn't so bad. IVe no tuste for your grim tumble down old places, cousin. I go in for modern comfort and matterof fact versus mediroval discomfort and romance ; but this combines the two — really it does. Tho old lady had good tasto, at any rato. My girls would like this, now,' And ho surveyed the magnifi cent old room admiringly, Rupert was silent. The American glanced at 'him quickly, and saw plainly enough what was passing in Mb cousin's mind. 'Well,' he continued, 'you've no cause to love her, though she was your grandmother. She treated you worse— ay, far worse— than she treated ine. 'Pon honour, I feel for you, sir,' . ? Rupert, bowed. ' He saw his cousin meant, to be kind,: and tried not to feel hurt at his ' off- hand manner.. ? 'Would you like to see through tho place?' he asked, wishing to avoid a conversation with him at tho present moment. 'Well, yes j I reckon I would. 'Will you show me round, cousin 'I' ho replied, puting his arm through Rupert's. 'I might get lost in this rambling old placo without a guide.' And ho laughed ? and Rupert led him from room to1 room, and from corridor to corridor, whilst Mr. Rogers told him the history of this pioture and that apart ment, and related to him various legends connected with tho Costlo and its former owuors, to all of which ho Hastened with rapt at tention* .. 'By Jove, Cousin Rupert,' he said comically, when tho old man had finished, 'I shall never have courage to inhabit this old pile xlbne. I shall be afraid to go about in the dark by myself, like a little ahild, after all these tales. Why, there is not a room in tho house ivhorein somo ancestor or another hasn't died or been killed, or where ft ghost isn't to bo found, or a mys terious sound to bo heard. My girls would nvor stand it. They'd bo in never-ending hysterics, they would. Griiess I prefer a spec and span new homestead for overy-day use.' And he screwed up his face with a quiet expression of fun. 'Well, and where was the will found V he asked suddenly. Rupert started. His thoughts (\roro far away. 'Come with mo and I will show pou,' he said. 'It was in the oldest part of tho Castle.' And he led the way towards the tower 'Ah, dear me! what a gloomy pld hole!' cried Jonathan. 'Makes my flesh creep, it does! And this was tho old lady's favorite room when she was a girl. Fancy my girls taking this for their i'avorito room. Ha, ha!' And ho laughed till tho walh rung and echoed with the un wonted sound. 'And this is the closet, is it'/' he continued. And, stooping down, he entered tho little wainscotc-d apartment. Curiously and carefully ho ex amined the woodwork, tapped the panels as if to ascertain whether thero might not be other hiding places concealed between them, Bat down in the gceat oak chair, and, finally, rising again, and declaring' that never had he been in a room that so entirely realised his idea of everything ghostly and depressing, made his way to the door again. 'Gad! I should bo inclined to dt\?'7oy mysolf if I was shut up here for iong!' ho cried. 'Come away, Cousin Rupert! At any rate, you can't be sorry to Bay good-byo to this dismal holo.' And ho left tho tower hurriedly. ( To be continued.) A Chicago religious paper tells us that Mr. Bradbury, an aged millionaire of San Francisco, who was twice convicted of spitting in street cars, was sentenced to twenty four hours' imprisonment for his second offence, as the judge refused to impose a fine, 