"A WOMAN'S WITCHERY," By BsaTHa M. CLAY, Author oft " Thrown on the World," etc. -HAPTER XXX. EDITE'S FAITH. When the countess was gone, Lady Winifred retired to the privacy of her own room, to think, to grieve, to weep So long had her feelings been pent up, -that she feared that her heart would burst in her misery, in her bitter humi liation and utter helplessness. For an hour or more she made no effort to restrain herself. She had been shamefully treated by lover, by father, by everybody ; and now she would be an object of pity among her friends--an object of contempt to her enemies ! Her first duty was to see the earl, and tell him quietly of her trouble. He would have to hear it soon, and she could approach him as no one could. It was nearly noon when she went downstairs again. The foctman brought to her the cards of several callers -people who rarely came to Somerton Grange, and never at such unseasonable hours. " I am not at home to anyone," she told the servant. "You will attend to this, please." Then her lips curled, as he turned away, and she thought, angrily : " So the scandal-mongers and sympa thisers are coming with their hypocritical condolences I" Her eyes flashed ; she had her part to play, but, until she had seen Edith Suth erland, she would allow no one to discuss the matter with her. From the result of that interview would she take her cue. In obedience to the first luncheon bell, my lord appeared, looking pale and wor ried, and his daughter advanced to greet him, her face anxious and grave, saying, kindly: "Good morning, papa. I hope that you are better." "I should not be ill if I had a sensible child," he replied, tartly. "For years I have been weighted by a burden which has crushed out of me my manhood which has embittered my life ; and now, when I am about to grasp the sweets of freedom, my daughter bars the way." "If I understcod what you meant by freedom, papa, do you think that I would add to your sorrow? No, I would lay down my life for you," she said vehe mently. "Tush, tush I I have no desire for a daughter of mine to assume the role of latter-day martyr on my account. There is no need for it. You have a lover, who worships you, and you have trifled with the man from the very first. Now you are jealous of a myth, and talk of break ing off your enoagement for the second time, unless Thornleigh accounts for every hour of his existence in categorical order." " Do not get angry, papa," said Wini fred, gently. " I only blame you for not telling rne your circumstances-for not telling me that you "Nonsense ! I will not listen to you. I will only repeat what I said yesterday. If I ?n diaappo-iWtd Again" bL'-'o .r-'r - S hnl. fall dead at your feet." He dropped into a seat, adding, feebly: " Where is my paper? My man could not find it." "Papa," whispered Winifred, gently taking one of his hands, "' re will never quarrel again--never! If you are in dined to be angry with me, I shall go a.vay until you lave forgotten all about it." "My only anxiety is for you, darling," was his reply. " My one desire is to see you settled before I die." He seemed so pleased that she did not dare to tell him what was on her tongue, and after luncheon he forgot all about the loss of his newspaper. He asked some questions concerning Vivian-had Wini fred heard from him, and, when she re plied in the negative, he laughingly said that her lover had evidently a surprise in store for her. There were many callers in the after noon, but neither the earl nor Lady' Winifred were at home to anybody. Sihe to d my lord that she was but obeying his doctor's orders; he was not to be bothered by gossips, and the earl was rather flat tered that his daughter insisted upon taking so much care of him. So the day passed, and in the evening, after my lord had gone to bed, Lady Winifred sought the counsels of Mrs Haredalo, who had just returned from a day's shopping in London. Of course she had heard the news-she had seen it in the papers, and she was much concerned for my lady-so much so that her holiday had been a source of no pleasure to her, but rather a time of an xiety and discomfort. She greatly approved of all that the countess had advised, and she would take care that the earl was not apprised too suddenly of the awful event by any chance word. until her ladyship had seen Miss Sutherland, and had decided upon her future course of action. The next morning, soon after break fast, Lady Winifred Charrington nerved herself for her visit to the rectory. She had ordered the carriage for ten o'clock, and at a quarter past that hour she was deposited at the rectory gates. She had never been upon very friendly terms with Edith Sutherland-there were no sympathies in common between tihe two girls, for, while Edie was devotedly attached to the quiet comforts of home, Lady Winifred liked many friends and continual gaieties. They had net at church bazaars, pic nics, and garden parties, but beyond the ordinary civilities indulged in by neigh bors who have a kindly regard one for the other, this was the nearest approachl to friendship. SLady Winifred thought cf this while she was waiting in the rustic porch, after knocking at the door, and wondered if it was some mystical premonition of future antagonism. The door was opened by a ruddy cheeked servant girl, or Lady Winifred would not have been permitted to see Edith under any circumstances. Of all people in the world, she was the one whom Mary would have debarred from crossing the rectory threshold. But for once Mary was not on guard, and MIr Sutherland was out with the curate. "I wish to see Miss Edith Suther land," announced the earl's daughter. "Is she within ?' The servant girl was one of the stupid class who are easily caught at a disadvan tage. In the presence of my lady from the Grange, who had condescended to step from her carriage, and knock at the door with her own aristocratic hands, the girl quite forgot the commands of Mary, and blurted out : "Yes," adding, in some confusion: "That is, she's at home, my lady, but not to visitors--beggin' your pardon." Lady Winifred's brows contracted for a moment; then she asked: "Is Miss Sutherland ill i" "I thlink she be," was the awkward and inelegant response. For a brief space te earl's daughter hesitated, and a look of determination counsel for the prosecution addresses the jury in this way : ' Gentlemen, the prisoner at the bar is an unworthy scion of the old British aristocracy, a man who has had all the advantages of a careful education and Christian training, and he employs those blessings, vouch safed to so few, to the deception and ruin of men who have tolive by the sweat of their brows -he employs them with a bold effrontery, backed by. his ancient name and aided by an unscrupulous cunning which proves the depravity- " " Will you cease I" cried St. Aubyn, a red spot mounting to each cheek. " All this may be fun to you,-but I tell you I will not stand it. I confided in you as a friend - I believed you to be my friend-" "And so I am," laughed Brougham. "I am only placing before you the enor mity of your offence as the British public would regard it. I know that in your virtuous soul," he sneered a little-" I know that in your virtuous soul you never meant anything very naughty, but as to confiding in me, why, my dear fel low, I saved you from being served with indictable summons number one by pro senting the warrant officer with a fiver. Then lie told me all that I wanted to know. My only astonisment is that the law bothered with a summons. In the case of a poor man of lowly birth -well, lie would have been arrested forthwith. The bit of blue paper charged you with obtaining a tiara of diamonds from a Bond - street jeweller, value two thousand pounds. You gave the names of various noblemen as your friends, not one of whom would touch you with a long pole, you promised pay ment in due course, and pawned the diamonds the same day for three hundred pounds. Now, if this ever came into court, many similar charges would appear against you-so I promise to square the obstreperous creditor--a course which he anticipates. I have an object in telling you this, St. Aubyn; I do not wish to flaunt your follies in your face, but to awaken you to the danger in which you are placed." " You mean that I am entirely in your power ?" his companion said, sullenly. " Well, you can put it in that way if you choose." " I will not endure this," was the fierce retort, and St. Aubyn sprang excitedly to his feet. " You have driven me a little too far. Rather than be your tool-the tool of the friend I have trusted - I will appeal to the countess. She dare not see the name disgraced." "Very well," replied Lord Brougham, coolly. "In that event I shall be little the worse off by the loss of your society, and financially very much in pocket. But don't forget that your little pecca dilloes will reach the ears of everybody at Coombehurst, particularly those of pretty Edith. Where will your chances be then ?" St. Aubyn dropped back in his seat and moodily chewed the ends of his mous tache. "You are right," he said, at length. " I should run many risks by that course, and loose all hope of that upon which my heart is sot." A triumphat light blazed in the eyes of Brougham. "I knew that you would see as I do in the end. In my opinion this business will unite us in a sort of partnership for life. It will be mutual in every sense. Thero is no question of one holding a living threat over the othler For the moment I have the upper hand, but as soon as I confide my plans to you, you can promptly turn the tables upon-me. You have exaggerated my position, my sentiments towards you. I have merely told you ugly facts and you fly into a rage. I have made these facts look as hideous as possible lest you regard my proposals with disfavor. I want certain work done, and you are the only man I can trust. I am willing not only to pay for this-to make a free man of you-but at the same time I place myself in your power. I want a life-long bond of friendship to exist between us, and I ask you to take my hand and to trust me implicitly." " I believe that I misunderstood you," St. Aubyn confessed, taking the prof fered hand. " I am very sensitive, you know-a fellow in my position cannot help being so " Brougham lighted a fresh cigar and handed one to his companion. Then he smoked in silence for a few. minutes. "We will come to business now," he said at length, "and action must be sharp and decisive. I am in the hands of this Desborough, if he knows of cer tain incidents in my life abroad. I shall learn to-night how much he does know. If dangerous, he must be put out of the way until I am safely married to Lady Winifred, because he threatens to make things particularly warm for me. I am not guilty of anything very bad- some thing like yourself, you know -but if exposed, I might have to run the gauntlet, lose Lady Winifred and all the splendid prospects before me, I tell you, St. Aubyn, rather than suffer this I would crush the man-just when every other obstacle.is swept from our path." Ble ground his teeth with suppressed fury. " If the worst comes to the worst, you must hire a few of the Night Larks to meet him and thrash him-just as much as they please. I only know the gang by reputation. You have been a patron, and are still. That is all I ask of you." St. Aubyn breathed a sigh of relief. "' I am quite ready," he said,. "and am glad that the commission is no worse." Brougham laughed. " You expected murder ?" "I.did." They looked into each other's eyes, and understood, for both smiled signifi cantly. "You will do nothing until I return and report to you the strength of this very Reverend Mr Desborough. St. Aubyn nodded, and an hour later Brougham drove away in a cab to keep his appointment with John Desborough. (To beI Cointinued). youth, had lived the life of a recluse, while his riches were multiplying on every hand. From Farnham Hall, which was situated in the heart of the beautiful county of Surrey, the young men went to London. Brougham was determined to rent a town house forthwith, and the first day was spent in hunting for a suitable place in the West End. Not only was my lord successful, but lie took possession of a furnished mansion in Kensington Gardens the following morning, and wired to Farnham for half a dozen servants to set the place in order. Within two hours they arrived under the wing of the housekeeper, and he soon had the pleasure of occupying the library for a quiet conversation with St. Aubyn. "At last," he said, " I can survey my surroundings with an air of proprietor ship, and I can assure you, St. Aubyn, that the sensation is most delightful. Until to-day I have merely been a guest in somebody's else's house, and have ex pended ingenuity in my short career in fishing for invitations to make the fortune of an inventor. I think that you can appreciate that." He laughed in a disagreeable manner, and St. Aubyn scowled savagely. " I am in the same position still, and do not need any reminders," he said, sulkily. "But wait with patience, dear boy. The old girl will not live forever." " Curse it I" growled St. Aubyn. "By all appearances she will outlive me, and is as changeable as a weathercock. After all, I may find myself nowhere in her will. And in the meantime how am I to live on a beggarly two hundred a year ? It is barely sufficient to buy gloves and cigars with I Like you, I spend my life in sponging upon any body who will have the kindness to take me in." "And getting into trouble," laughed Brougham. "Yes, and getting into trouble. My only hope is a good marriage." " Why don't you skip across the At lantic and pick up a pretty American girl with an ocean of ducats. They are all pretty and rich over there, I've heard, and are ready to hurl themselves at any thing in the shape of a man who is a live lord." "I would if I could raise sufficient to pay for a decent berth. Why didn't you go ?" sneered St. Aubyn. "You see, I was not a live lord-only a presumptive, and the Yankee girls won't take chances," laughed. Brougham. " This sort of thing may be very edi fying to you," St. Aubyn said, " but hanged if it is to me. Poor as I am, I would not take the richest American girl who would be willing to have me. You know why." -" Yes." Brougham lighted a cigar, and watched his friend for a minute. "Yes, I know why. You are bent upon the conquest of Miss Edith Suther land, whether she will or no. Look here, St. Aubyn I Take a fool's advice, and give up the game !" "Never I" " You haven't a ghost of a chance. I toll you that she will marry Thornleigh in face of everything. Of course if you could win her, and this opposition only increases my determination. I never yet made a resolve that I have not carried out." i" .. ýn ,.-I6p I ffth 01 ontess." laughed his companion, maliciously. At that moment a servant announced a visitor, and Mrs Harodale almost fol lowed upon the woman's heels. St. Aubyn extended his hand, while Brougham said, carelessly : "So you have found us out, oh 1 I did not expect you so soon, Violet. Any news ?" "I went to the Langham from whence you telegraphed, and they gave me your new address, my lord." "Yes. Speak out Violet; Lord St. Aubyn and I have no secrets." " Have you been too busy to read the papers ?" she demanded. " Why ? We haven't looked at one for a week." His cheek paled, and he was all life in an instant. "Oh, it is nothing that you need be afraid of," laughed my lady's companion, "but exactly the reverse. Vivian Thornleigh is dead. Read this." She spread a newspaper before them, and watched the varying expressions of their faces, a mocking light in her cruel eyes. " You have only to speak for my lady's hand now, Lord Brougham," she said. " And it will not be long before you hear the merry jingle of wedding bells I" He was too excited to reply for a few moments; then he turned to St Aubyn, remarking: " Your way is clearer now also." "Well," said Mrs Haredale, " I must go. I should not have troubled you but for this. If I have anything to communi cate I will send it here by post'" Lord Brougham watched her from the window as she walked away, a curious amile on his lips. Then he turned to St. Aubyn, saying : "It never rains but it pours ! Was ever such luck before ? Miy dear boy, we can simply carry all before us when the work in hand is finished. I do not see a single.bar to our success." "Do you include me in the 'we' 1" "I include Lord St. Aubyn in every thing at present. I have been guilty, like most young men, of paltry little wicked nesses, which it would be unwise to men tion in a lady's drawing-room. You have likewise been indiscreet, only your indis cretion would land you for a term of seven years if found out. Mr John Des borough is acquainted with my follies, and threatens to proclaim the same to the world in general, and Lady Winifred Charrington in particular, unless I with draw my claim to that lady's hand and heart, because he has become smitten with her charms himself. Very clerical behavior, ch i And I know the enor mities of which you are guilty-buying jewellery on credit to the amount of five figures in the aggregate, and pawning it thle same day for a trifle of the 'ready.' Very serious offence, tsrrible depravity, etc." "Stop it I" fumed St. Aubyn, glaring at his companioni, wickedly. Brougham laughed and continued. "Now if my clerical friend knows as much of me as I suspect, it will be neces sary for that gentleman to receive his quietus. This question I shall not deter mine until I have interviewed the enemy to-night In the event of the nuisance having to be put away, my very good friend St. Aubyn will have to assist me with his personal influence, for the work will require to be artistically treated. In return I shall give the said Lord St. Aubyn sufficient cash to save his aristo cratic fingers from the demeaning occupa tion of oakum picking I" "This ground has already been gone over, and I object to a useless repetition," St. Aubyn said, sulkily. "We are all very good until we are found out. I was forced to raise money, and when I obtained the jewellery I intended paying for it." '"That sort of story will not do for a judge and jury, my friend. There is a certain place supposed to be the abode of a gentleman with a bad name, beautifully paved with such intentions as yours. Gloss it over as you may, you are guiltybf the grossest kind of fraud, and when the flashed across her face. This suspense could not be longer borne ; it was impos Able. How. dared Miss Sutherland affect illness? "Kindly announce me," she said, authoritatively. The servant girl was completely awed, and held wide the door for my lady to pass through. She then conducted Lady Winifred to the quaint little drawingroom and retired. The earl's daughter glanced about her, and almost the first thing to claim her attention was a recent photograph of Vivian Thornleigh, standing on a side table in a small ivory frame. Beside it was a volume of poetry, and in the fly leaf was his name--a present from him to Edith. "I have loved him," she thought, fiercely. "I have loved him as I can never love mortal man again but I think that I should hate him now if he lived. I cannot understand him-I never shall understand him." There was a light footfall in the pas sage without, the door opened softly, and Edith, attired in deep mourning, stood before her startled visitor. It was not the Edith the reader first met, but a pale, wraith-like creaiture, from whose eyes the sunshine had vanished-from whose life all things material seemed to be slipping away. Lady Winifred's rising anger at once gave way to pity, for she was a creature of violent impulses for good or evil. "Oh, Miss Sutherland," she exclaimed. " Vou are ill I" "I am not well," Edith acknowledged, with a faint smile, as she dropped lan guidly into a settee "I think that I have made a mistake in calling upon you so soon." "Oh, no, Lady Winifred; I am as well now as I over expect to be, and I have seen no one vet. For some reason papa is determined that I shall be kept from the outer world. Lady Winifred shivered. " I know that you have come to talk to me of our terrible trouble," Edith con tinued, her blue eyes filling with tears. "And papa is wrong when he thinks that I should notspeak about it. When I amalono I can think of nothing else, and live over again that awful night, until 1 am obliged to run into the garden, or I should go into hysterics with fear." Lady Winifred's lips tightened. It was not a pleasant thing to hear another woman talk in this way of her lover. " The experience must have been a terrible one," she said. "And Mr Ihornleigh was very dear to you." " We were to be married soon," Edith said, simply. " cannot believe that," replied Lady Winifred, suddenly losingher self-control. "I have heard somethling of it before. but you must be mistaken. He loved you in a brotherly way-he never spoke to you of any other love I" She felt that it was hard now to lose all her faith in Vivian Thornleigh, and she waited eagerly for Edith to speak. "Never spoke to me of any love save that of a brother?" she exclaimed, in surprise. " Ah, Lady Winifred, you have been misinformed. Vivian and have loved for years as few people know how to love. We were all in all to each other ; and now I have but one wish, one great desire, and that is to meet. hint again in a brighter world." to her lips. This vas too much for Lady Winifred -the outrage upon her feelings could no longer be borne. With a swift move ment she snatched the photograph from Edith's hand, and cast it aside, saying, passionately "Silly girl ah, even as great a fool as I I Do you know that Vivian Thornleigh was my lover that this is his ring I wear ? that * e were to be married within a short month 1 Do you know that Ihave loved him loved him until I found that he was as faithless as man could be ?" " Lady Winifred," Edith replied, salmly, " I do not believe what you tell me. You have mistaken some kind in tentions of my lover. He could never be dishonorable or untrue. I cannot speak of him with you any more -it is an insult to his sainted memory." "Are you so simple, so blind -" began her ladyship, in a passion of anger, but Edith interrupted her 1 "If you talked forever, I should not believe you. My faith is immovable un assailable. I am sorry that you came here to dare to speak disparagingly of my dead love. I will not listen to you I will not listen to another word. I ask you to go, and I shall never forgive you for touching even this memento of him with your sacrilegious fingers. Now go !" She pointed to the door, and my lady lauglhed disdainfully; then she held out hler hand, saying " We will part as friends, Miss Suther land. I admire you, while I pity you for your simple faith. I admire you as much as I despise- " She paused, irresolute. "I will not touch your hand-the hand that has dared to profane even a picture of him-I wish not for the friendship of one who could utter words to revile his blessed memory." Edith spoke with a quiet dignity that there was no gainsaying, and the haughty Lady Winifred passed out of the rectory, a bitter laugh upon her lips, a bitter pain at her heart. She could not understand such love and faith as this, and from that moment she felt that Vivian Thornleigh had never belonged to her at all. After an interview with the Countess of Belmore, she caused a denial of any engagement between herself and Thorn leigh to be sent to the local and London press. No such engagement had over existed save in the minds of scandal mon gers; Lady Winifred Oharrington and Vivian Thornleigh had been acquain tances and nothing more. The same post carried the followving letter to Lord Brougham, who was stay ing at his town house, now that the funeral of his uncleo v was over " MIy DEAR LORD :-If you are still in the same mind, I am willing to become your wife. You have probably heard of poor MIr Thornleigh's untimely end, and the notoriety of another of his love affairs. If you take me, I shall come to you dowerless, and have no affection to offer; I can only be grateful to you for rescuing me from a position of ignominy. "Faithfully yours, "W WINIFRED CHAsRRINoTON." After this letter was gone she almost regretted writing it. She had to confess to her*elf that she had no respect for Lord Brougham. His mad passion frightened her. But the die was cast, and she must abido by it. CHAPTER XXXI. " YOU ARE THE ONLY MAN I CAN TRUST I" Lord Brougham and his friend St. Aubyn were glad to leave Farnham Hall, the ancestral seat of the Broughams, after the funeral of the old lord. After the reading of the will, the new master of the Brougham title and all that appertained thereto gave his steward carte blanlche in the matter of refurniehing the country-seat. There was no lack of money in the coffers that hold the gold of the late lord. He never married, and because of some disappointment in 'his 