CLACKERY. ' Bat sail bis tongue nut on ' Aud, with its overtastihg olook, Set all ineu'e eats unnn tho ruck HuDimuB. ?Nothing- succeeds like distress,' re marked t.hu beggar as he counted the day's cash takings, Deae Clippee,— Very few of our pro minent public citizens are leaders of men. They are mostly followers of women. Which probably accounts.— Yours, ALFIB. Democratic League deputation will shortly wait on the Ministry to attain urge the extension of the franchise and aa alteration in the method of registra tion. In a recent Melbourne divorce case the co-respondent was a giddy youth of 75 or so. He failed I o attend the court, probably considering life too short for that sort of thing. ? Could his majesty, King William of Orange, learn in the other world that he has been the cause of more broken heads and drunken men elnce his departure than all his predecessors, he must be the proudest ghost and most conceited skeleton that ever entered the gardens of Elysium.'— Kir Jonah Bareington. The names of the ' respectably con nected' youths bounced for Post Office peculations were suppressed by the 'res leclably connected ' papers. Apart from tbe fact that a man in moleskins never falls so softly as this, it is grossly unfair to those Post Office employees who have not yet been found robbing the till. Of course the pilferers will ba prosecuted with the utmost rigor of— Smother-it-up. City missionary Lake publioly ap pealed for help on behalf of a poverty stricken family lately arrived in Hobart from Port Cygnet. The Port Cygnet parson promptly wrote to the Mebcubt advising all and sundry to be not too carelessly lavish in their charity. . The vigorous Christian spirit of that parson will surely cause him to explode one of these fine days. TBE good old historic name of ' Sausage Tomb' and 'Hash House' seeme to be doomed, for when a boarder is wanted it is pot this way per Launceston paper: 'Vacancy two paying guests private family, mod.' Paying guests is good The term; also applies to a pool wretch who has been taken to the Hospital with a kink In bis pericardium. He has to pay for bis housing. Gist of Mebodey par re the Post Office affair:— Two darks sacked tor thieving at the Post Office, thereby enabling the Government to rainstote Mr. So.anrl»sot wlio was lately re trenched {com another brfcnoh of tbe onblic service. Umph! Presumably the Acting -Premier is extremely obliged to the thieves for thus enabling him to do a good turn for Mr So and-So. Waiting for dead men's shoes is evidently an industry worthy of every en couragement in this community. This story ? A Singer and a Strike/ which The Clippee printed hut Janu ary, is going the rounds of the American papers, and several letters hare reached us from tbe States enquiring if any Tas manian coal miners are really treated in the manner indicated, The main facts are as stated in tbe story, and oan be vouohed for by authentic witnesses.4 Some Tasmanian coal-owners should feel pleased at their fame having reached the land of Stars and Stripes. ' Jubilation and Desolation ' is the title of a powerfully conceived cartoon issued by the Dublin Freeman in its jubilee issue. Britannia is represented passing the hat round for contributions to the Kathleen Mavourneen who in tearful emotion plies by unfolding a stroll ore which is emblazoned, ' Ireland 1887-1897. Famine, Eviction, Emigration, Landlord Tyranny, Over Taxation, Coercion, British Dungeons for Irish patriots, Royal YixiU eleven 'days in 60 years' No wonder Ireland did jubilate. No sooner does the movement for a cadet corps in Hobart seem likely to catoh on, than some Unintelligent Parent writes to the daily papers suggesting that the private fchools form a corps of their very own. The average U.P., whose success as a money grubber enables him to send hie boys to a ' high-class ' instruction Bhop, is mightily averse to having Algernon or Reginald rub shoulders with plain Jack Smith. Thus are our volunteer movements made unpopu lar and our military training rendered ridic ulous by absurd class distinctions raised by some fatheaded U.P. BOTHWELLITE writes : St. Michael and All Angels Church debt worked off a social and concert on Saturday, August 7. GameB were provided for the frisky faithful, and the sober sinners were accom modated with easy chairs. The musical part went slow, though good naturedly applauded. One lady succeeded in spread ing herself over the entire programme, which showed her good nature. The cakes were in abundance mm ale. Queen cake, Jib two-inch blocks, Id ; Railway cakes, a currant to every station, and apples two a penny. There were, six shepherds assist ing the merry maidens to conjure the coin out of the pockets of the poor sheep. We are to have some more. The Charters Towers (Q.) Eagle sinks itB talons deep into the Yellow Pup, by publishing a series of hair-raising histori cal articles on Oraogeism . If the worship per of the illustrious William of Orange were half as powerful in Kanakaland as the Eagle shows them to have been in some alleged white countries, no insurance office would take Editor Lesina's life even at a premium of a million a minute. Which faot discloses several things to be thankful for. Curator Mobton, of the Museum, pointed out at the art deputation the other day that, under the present Cus toms sweating tariff, for a Piguenit pic ture costing; £100 in Sydney, Tasmamans have to pay £120. Treasurer Fysh promptly promised to at once place pictures on the free list. Now, what about the stock tax? For a bullook worth £6 in Sydney Tasmanians have to pay £10. If art works are to be put on the free list, why not beefP When will the people learn that the Customs duties are a device to save taxation of the Fatman's unearned increment P IK their efforts to confound Confucius and bamboozle Buddha some Launceston ladies are providing the local Chows with ' a welly good time, which is duly appreci ated. At some of the meetings, preserved ginger and oranges and other savoury Oriental messes are handed round by a festive Chinaman, then all the converted heathens sit down to ogle the maidens as they riek leprousy for the sake of the Cause. Smilef ul Chinese remarks are in dulged in by tbe converts while the show is proceeding, and heavenly adoration oozes from every pore of their countenances if they happen to catch sight of a pretty ankle or a fleeting glimpse of a snowy white neck. Saving Chinese souls, though not exactly a dream of violets and boronia, has its little pleasures. One charming young lady enthusiast told a visitor that she had to sit between two of the convert* at prayer meetings, 'and they are always making those funny little noises, you know I' It is the popular belief that a young bride does not have overmuch to say at her nuptial ceremony, but this was dis puted the other day, when at the con clusion of the hitching process a N.W. Coast girl was approached by the pastor, who graciously held out his hand and offered his congratulations. She looked a sweet little ray of sunlight, and was expected to bliuh and look pleasant, but np on the Coast they don't as a rule grow that way. ' Congratulated indeed,' said Miss Peaohblossom, 'it's him as ought to be congratulated, you don't pick up my sort every day. I'm not any of your common garden sort of giil, and Phil knows it.' The pastor then said meekly, ' Let us pray.' Some folks assert that these colonies, especially Mgorilaud, are too politically advanced to need advice from Old World agitators of the Ben Tillett stamp. We should smile. The Christchurch Spec tatoe quotes Tillett as saying : — 4 What was sought was a oondition of buuiolv tvuaio v/afJiMii ulu uvi uuiu ill luir jeotion the great mass of the people.' And asks : Does Capital hold the great mass of the people in subjection in this colony f Where wonld ' the great mass of the people' — i.e., those who have to hnetle for their bread and batter — be but for Capital, which buys their labor and enables them to feed and clothe themselves and their wives and families, keep a roof over their heads, and, in nnmerone instances, lay by money into the bargain F When a Maoriland paper talks like that it supplies a splendid argument in favor of imparting all the Tillett* we can get. The scribe who regards Capitalism as the Special Providence of labor is sadly in need of a lesson in economics . Labor creates all capital, aud no capitalist buys labor unless he can make a profit at the game. That's the sort of philanthropist he is. Kino O'Mallet, the meteoric IriBh* man, late of Tasmania, now of the South Australian Parliament, has just suc ceeded in vindicating himself from cer tain charges of shady transactions in a 'Frisco insurance society. The charges were made by some of O'llalley's poli tical opponents, and The Clipper anxiously awaits news of their annihila tion by the force of the O'Malley'e double strength epithets. O'Malley once wrote a letter to Parson-Actor Miln, wherein that person was advised to encompass his swelled head with double-rivetted steel bands and otherwise suppress his bulg ing pomposity. Delicate inuendo and polished sarcasm are not in O'Malley'e line, but for blastiferous Billingsgate he rivals the most advanced oxen oonduotor Australia can produce. In England only one person in 85 own any land. Thus the vast majority of Englishmen can only exist on the terms of an almost infinitesimal minority. ' Britons never, never, etc.' Dear Clipper,— Don't you think it very good of the Master Warden to lend his white elephant to the Marino Board for nothing P — Portland. Messrs. A. G. Webster and Son notify to persons having gardens that with their new tools the work of half a day may be got through in an hour. 