HARD PENCIL, HARD LUCK. Never use a hard pencil. This is the advice of a benedict, who explains thus: His wife i«*kod him to write a note to a lady friend, ask- [ in" her to meet a company ut their house. He ! did so, and after he had gnue to post Iho • note his wife saw on another piece of paper | an impression of what ho had written. It I ran as follows : “ Darling Knima,—Eflie desires your cumpauy on Wednesday, to meet the ! Wellers. Don’t.fail to come, ami then, my j ' darling, J shall have the happiness of a long walk home with you ami a sweet good-night kiss. I dare not seo you often, or rayall-cousuming love would betray us both. But, Emma, dear, don’t fail to come.” “ So your acquaintance ripened irico : lovo ?” Well, no, not exactly. It wan n . case of arrested development.” “ How so ? ” “ Well, we got married.” ; A Voice from the Grave, j One of the best ghost stories we have heard j this season is about a young widow, she’s a ; charming young widow, too—who went to stay at a country house down in Somerset shire. Tile house being very full of crunpanj*, one of the girls had to turn out of her bed room—tin* one in the liou.se that had the repu tation of being haunted—in favor of the new comer. But the widow didn’t fear ghosts— lor*, no! They might haunt till they were black in the lace, for all she cared. One thing, she wouldn’t be likely to hear or sec much of them, for she was quite tired out when she went to bed. The night passed all right; but then, again it’s so verydark o’ mornings now, thatyon don’t know for certain when the night really has passed. The widow herself was trying to decide whether it was night or morning, when —hush!—she heard a footstep along the old creaking passage. Nearer, nearer it came. At last it stopped.' There was positively a tap at the door. Then a voice, half muffled, said, “ J want to come in to get my body.” Great, beads of perspiration stood on the brave little woman’s brow, but the mere thought of the spectre head entering settled her, and she swooned. And then—well, then Mary Emma, the upper housemaid, who had been turned out of -her room for the night, and left, in her hurry »iwt of her wardrobe behind, came in and - fetched the upper storey of her dress out. To the average eye not more than 5000 stars are visible; some persons having extraordinary strong eyes can see about 8000 stars. Through the Lick telescope and other powerful instru ments about 50,000,000 stars aro visible. 'i here ; are believed to be stars in existence beyond the reach of any telescope yet constructed. i 1 An Old Idea. j John Bull: 1 Got a new idea, have you V < Naval Instructor: * Ye?, sir, T can make yen < a war vessel now that will suit every require j ment; it is modelled after a duck.’ J ‘Can it fly V j •Well, no ; but it can sail like a duck.’ ) ‘ Suppose a foreign man-of-war sees you> t vessel and fires at it ?* s *Ifc will dive just like a duck,’ c * Divo out of sight';’ [ 1 Clean to the bottom,1 t 1 Well, I don’t know. Seeroa very like those t ffD h&ye; now i1 s 