•E !UL W ? M i A OR, Ai= HNGERFIELD MYSTERY. ' V: x MAY AGNES FLEMING. pH THgt XXX. (Continued.) Ii- her .!-tter in her hand, Cecil went S, r r,,mn-thatl prettsy azure and u t c"" -h ", "\ hlt'h sile must in- did alieu. Then she opened and d i thlur's ::!r. It was very re " a lo' "er's !ttier, though he t-i,, --t ir lorg-standing engage 1 iou could see he consclen Siti his best. Hl e told her of ntr a f^ the alterations and decora -i? - t.; h=d planned. He spoke of the \\._v.er nIear. he hoped-- hen he "a i? lr there its mistress. He -but the.spirit of love that r,,'d hav. warmted and rendered him ,,lt was wanting. e \notrlhr mistress will reign in Tre :"e said, as she laid it down; :-i? hr. rho. with all her faults, will o far w,,rthier mistress than I. She ,f.p !lot love him now. perhaps; but she ,ii-1 tel it. Lord I~ursland will one 3\. have his wish--his daughter will ,LIiy Tr,e lllnna."" , {EgAn her answer without delay; i.t. . as s.y .,nougih to write, knowing t? t e?-, i of him.. Ilf he le-.ri-i me the task would-be a jn-cult one. As it is-tliofigh hlie may vrer ,,n-n it. even to himself-his re e will , a reief.'" It wa n=c Pssarlily a very long letter, ,-e it ,i,, ' -ld he whOle-story of S. !,iblek disccvery- the discovel? that hseI-rinc DIangerlheld was Lord Ruys ?.t?e lrhter --tlhe discovery, that at-hl.:ine Dangerfieldand al3is Hcrn : were one and tilhe samie. She I, rit a s l.!lth .,n the noble self-abnega ;in !e- ha-i shown in the end--of all I, had i.-in made to suffer, of her pi:. her f,,rgi: eness. her generosity, of h-!: -at tlicht and renunciation. Lastly, -' spke of hrself, telling him her own -,ir and1 releasing him from the ar In any case. -.ven had we loved one an other. I nriuhl still have sild this. 'In it: case. it light have meant nothing \- in bu- a form-words I was hound in lhnor i s-ay,. knowing how far be ,?- reito in birth I w.as. But it is no !,r niw. t When I say. Sir Arthur, this 't.er is nl. farewell, I -mean it. You . it ntot :ry to shake my resolutions. .,T d.. n".: care for me-in that way, I \- is 1i: from tle first. I might have e oni to the end. and done you and s.-:if Ihe still greater wrong of marry =- you. The woman you honor with cUr hand should love you as you de , I'e i, ?, loved-as you will yet be Iwr. T f,!resee. Again. I entreat you. Sr., from an"y mistaken idea- of !nor. en-cavor to shake my resolutli?n. !: i not tf Ie shaken. Farewell. Your ri.e I can never he-- your friend I shall CECIL. Three days after, and the remlains of lanrii- Harman were laid in Castleford thurchyard. A new-and nameless grave, uside which no one lingered, except hir whom all the town looked upon as ihe Earl of rPuysland's daughter. Why she should kneel by the grave of the dead woman--why she should linger there in tle grey of the summer evening when T'?.y oP. else Weis gone-Castle 'lord coulld. ot understand. And wn? fraIl the grey slah at the head of Kathe rine Danuerfield's grave the brief in reription should be obliterated, and the stone left nameless, Castleford could not uniderstand either. By order *of air Henry Otis. whil six years ago had put it up, this was done. Mr Oiis had returned to London with Nurse Hannah, to find Katherine there before him. What transpired at that first interview no one ever knew. The dream of his life was at an end. The day might come that would make. her a wife, but never his. Perhaps Cecil Clive was not thie only one to Whom some inkling of the truth had come-that a feeling of lore for Redmond O'Don nell had. In the rleventh hour, been her "I will Italke nmy home liere if you will it n:.." hsie had said. "Your mother a !en the kindest of mothers to me, rathe most faithful of friends, the hot of bro)thlrs. I should like to have ihome-:lhe thought of a lodging-house l strangers Is terrible to me. I am tei. Hlenry-tired in body and soul, ithi my long and sinful struggle. Thank i!earn that it is over-over for ever tat it is still not too late for repent le* aend a new life. . Let me s'tay here U I .,..Ital-. .. none.al- 'nupon me as d ieir., not ele." . year ago he could not have given tr the assurance. He could give it to t-r in all truth to-day. Even such love "this must starve and die without hope !o f-I on. He had hoped against hope -all that was over now. "Whilst my mother and I have a ,me. Katherine," he answered, "I don't think I need tell you that home is yours. -utsurely you forget there is another tho has a claim upon you now. You are to longer a free agent You are the dnughter of the Earl of Ruysland." - I am Katherine Dangerfield. The iar old name that was mine in the lays when I was happy and innocent shall be mine again until I die. For Lard Rtuysland, I shall never be more to him than nown. He would bethe last to desire it, and his pride shall never suffer a pang through me. Lady Cecil Clive htono-s the name she bears-I should i?race it. I go my -.own way, orgeteting all that is past. if I can. Nothing can alter me. Whatever is Ihanled in me"-with a smile-"the old bstinacry. I fear. will'remain unchanged \- tile las'-" Ind the day after, when Lord Ruys hiO--having found out bhei address !hrough a private Inquiry agent, oliose ;rf:ssiinal instinct had put him on the r;Cht Track-came with Lady Cecil, lIniryg Otis- found she meant to keep her ka:thenrine was the least embarrassed tofh the hree. As Lady Cecil strove to 'C ak and broke down, she took her in Ir arms and lilssed-her. "'You will let me, I know.". she said, 'unworlthy as I have been. Forgive me i tou tan, and let me be your sister. I ask no more." tForgh-e you!" Cecil echoed. "I for fine yoU! I, who for twenty years have t"urtI-d Your name, your ralk, your hirthright: Forgive you, who by my roither have been wronged beyond. -all 'paration! When I think of all, of all Itu hav-e suffered, of " "Don' t hink of it," Kathierline inter CaSed, gently: "I never shall again, if I 0an help it Of you my thoughlts are all -0I0t ana render. You werce kind to me 'Othle- rs wnho hliad a ietter right_ were tt," the earl said. "Katherine," wohat ahall I say to you? What can I say?'! " Say nothing," she :interrupted, Etal~tily: .neitheler were you to blame in thle least. The fault, the blame,-is all ih thile dead. Let the dead rest. The ar may come when I can forgive even -he. I: has not come yet. You thought te hat I was-an adventuress, : and Cou treated me accordingly. You did Cenr duty Have no fear for mne. The tsrn-, shall he a secret through all time. Tht world shall never know. Lady Cecil Is11? ,your, daughter. For ee my life h he Peaceful and harmless-at least, e wlith m.- friends. I think I know \- you have come to say-It will be -ss to say it. Nothing can shake my -rolution. I remain here. Lady Cecil S ls witll you. When you come to ,e-me, I will gladly welcome you ; you are away, I will hear from \- i. I hoDe. and rejoice in your oelfare. ale? the story known, take her place. nai You as nmy father-I never will. *ad tihe laws of the Medes and Per S iWith lher old, rare, bright smile. A a reeds to be broken compared 7?* remonstrated. they argued, they 10treato.t in vain. Nothing could move :Al.1,l should remain as thotghl thetl- Dangerfield indeed had neaier -n from among the dead. She would 239 - remain *ith rhs Otis; they return to their own-world. : 'And what. ~'i.LSu do?6 " his lordship asked, In a broken.volce. . Sotmething in her grand renunciathio touched him, as'nothing perhaps in his whole life had evertouched-him before. It won for her What'else she might never have won-his honor;i, his love. S"I will teach music-not a very liard life. after all-and I will live with my mother and'brother-here. Ah, never were mother and brother in this world more loving, more fatihful than they! And, as I said, you will come to see tie sometimes, and you will try to believe this-that I shall not be unhappy. The knowledge that I am doing right-that I am atoning for the wrongs of the past \--will be happiness in itself." . The tears of Lady Cecil, the earnest urging of the earl. were alike'in vain. Katherine remained. There was a smile on her face as she watched them drive away-a smile that made her the Kath erine of old. Her dark, earnest eyes. lingered last on the sweet "flower face" of La Rleine Blanche. "She will be happy as Sir Arthur Tre-. genua's wife," she thought. " It will be an easy task to learn to love him." Lord Ruysland and Cecil went back to their stately room at Fenton's, St. James's street, to find Sir.Arthur Tre genna, in a fever of impatience, await ing them. On the receipt uf Lady Cecil's letter, with an extraordinary in telligencer he had hurried up from Corn wall. followed them to London, and stood before them now, still woetlering, incredulous, almost indignant. The earl left them alone-ihe knew. what was. to coie. "It is all perfectly true,' Lady Cecil told him, calmly. Miss Herncastle, or IKatherine Dangerfleld, as she chose henceforth to call herself, was Lord Ruysland's daughter. She herself But what need to repeat that story' And he was free-nothing could alter that. Hie pleaded as though he had really loved her. The story made noidiffir ence to him--she was worthy a ducal coronet. Let all the world know it, it would he the greaf happiness of his life to make hers. "Ah! hush!" she answered, wearily: "You know it can never be. You are all goodness, but you cannot deceive voluself nor me. You do not love me you never have. No-do not speak-it is no fault of yours; only, why try to make yourself believe you do? And 1 do not love you. - ty pride, my ambi tion. would not let me tell you before. To gratify them I would have married you.. You deserve better than that, Sir Arthur. .If I were heart free I might, in spite of all, yield to the temp tation, and accept your generous offer. But it is not. It is due to you to tell you I'love one from whom I have parted for ever-one whom I never expect to see again. I have loved him with my whole heart for six years." He was not surprised. He would not acknowledge it to himself, but a great, a sudden sense of relief filled his heart at his freedom. - "I think I must have dimly suspected all along," he said. "It is----" A pause. . She finished lie sentence quietl. ' "It is Captain Redmond O'Donnell." CHAPTER XXXL--HOW IT ENDED. It was a brilliant April day. That never-to-be-forgotten August, and all the bright summer, the. yellow aultumn the chill grey winter months had worn away. March had howled and blustered through the leafless trees of Scarswood Park, and now April, soft and sunny, smiling and showering, was here, clothing all the land in living green. - The bright afternoon was at its bright est as Lady Cecil Clive took her seat In -a rustic chair, under the King's Oak, her sketch book in her lap, the flicker ing lines of yellow light slanting on her uncovered head. Pearl and Pansy play ed at hide and seek along the terraces and through the trees.- Lady Danger field, in the drawing room, played waltzes on the piano; and Lady Cecil let books and pencils fall listlessly, and sat "lost in memory's mazes." Eight months had passed and gone since that August day when Sir Arthur Tregenna had stood by her side at yon der sunny boudoir window. Eight months since, in the hotel parlor, he had pleaded with her to marry him-pleaded while all his heart was another's-plead ed, and in vain. They had met lnut once since then, and then how differently! He had gone abroad, and resumed his wader?"- :,6,ay Before going, ho?re;*',' It had called upon IZatheriie-a most unsatisfactory and embarrassing meet ing for both. . Why he had gone he could hardly have told; some "spirit'in his feet"-some spirit in his heart. He went because he could not leave Eng-. land for years without seeing her. There was Very little to say on either slde.a mutual restraint held them-the inter view had been silent and short. He looked into the pale, grave, thoughtful face, into the sad, large eyes, and knew more strongly than he had ever known it before that this woman, of all the women on earth, was the only one he ever had or ever would love. And knowing it he had.left her. 'a. it not wisest? Earl Ruysland's daugh ter she might be, injured beyond all reparation she might be. but also she had been an adventuress none the less. He was very proud-proud of his old lineage, his spotless name, his unstained descent No whisper had ever been breathed against the women of his race; should she be the first to blot their escut cheon? She had suffered greatly, but also she had sinned. She had plotted and worked for revenge. She had been an actress. . She had been at the very altar, the bride of a worthless Twretch. She had stooped to play upon that superstitious Sir Peter's fears-to play the ghost. She had acted a lie, acted a doubly deceitful part. And he turned his back resollitely upon England and her, and.went wan dering over the world, striving to for ket. But forgetfulness would not come. "Hown is it under our control to love or not to love?" He could not banish her memory, or the love vwith which she had inspired him, from his heart. The pale, wistful face, the dark, sad eyes, followed him. haunted him wherever he went. And just three months after his departure -there came to Miss Dangerfield a letter, post-marked Con stantinople, pouring forth all his doubts, all his scruples, all his love-a full confession. He could not be happy without' hier-would she be his wife ? Hei answer was a refusal. - "I would indeed be unworthy the great compliment you pay me,', she wrote, "If I accepted your generous of: fer., MIy life has gone-wrong fromi first to last; all the years that are.to come -wIll 'be too few for. atonemernt., Sir .?Arthur Tiegenna's wife must be-above reproach. No one in the.future. shall lift the finger of scorn..and say the last of a noble-line dlsgraced it by marrying Sme. It is utterly impossible, Sir Arthur, that I can be your wife. But the know ledge that I once won a heart so true, so noble, will brighten all my life." Hehad written to her again, and she had answered, gently, but with unflinch ing resolution. Again he wrote, again she replied,and the coi'respondence went onabetween them. - During that winter long letters from every city in.Europe came to the residence of Henry Otis. And so-they hardly knew how-they grew to umiderstand one another as they might never have done else. She learned, as the months went by, to look for the coming of those pleasant white-winged messengers as gleams of sunshine in her sober, drab- colored life. As for him --l how eagerly Sir Arthur Tregenna received and welcomed the re plies, only Sir Arthur Tregenna knew. Lord Ruysland had gone abroad. Ther. was alwa'ys a little amusemenlt and gnmbl!ng at Bolden-Baden and Hom burg. To Baden and Homburg the noble earl went. For Cecil, her home was still at Scarswood-occtsioimslyl doing duty as governlss, vice Miss IHerneastle, re e.gned. - _. ~ tI London Katherine's was a busy llfe, She had as. many music pupils as she -could attend; and she worked indefatig ably. Her home in the Otis residence was a'peaceful, a pleasant one.- No mother could have loved her more ten derly than Mrs Otis: no brother half so well as Henry Otis. Shehad her forein letters, too, growing strangely precious, and as winter warmed into spring there as at sudden and most' unlooked-for visit from their writer. - \--"In- the spring a young mau's fancy lightly turns to thoughts .of love." Well, not quite that, perhaps-Sir Arthur's thoughts turned lightly up:n 'ew things. least of all that. A great Ic-:ning-io see her; to hear her, had come upon him far off in Africa. All one white Eastern night he l.ay awake, watching the yel low stars through the opening of his tent, and-thinking of her. Next'morn ing he started for England.. All the rest-his journeylngs by sea and land-was but . feverish dream, un= til the reality camp, and he was stand= ing in the little drawingisroo at 1I Otis's holding her hand, and looking in to the sweet, -gravely thoughtful eyes; Was she growing bhe'utiful; he wonder ed; was it only the blindness and glamor of love, or-and this was m:.st likely was it the serene sweetness of an altered life shining through the deep rey eyes? Again he pleaded-again she-refused. "It cannot be-it cannot! Oh; believe it. and forget me! It is impossible that I, after all that is past, can .,ver marry!" "Always the past!" he cried bitterly. " Does all your suffering,. al...our wrongs, all your'atbnemcnt go for roth .ing? If.I can forgst the past, Katherine, surely you may?"" "You forget It now. In the. years to come you may be forced to remember it: and, as your wife, I don't think I could bear that." "Am ,la scoundrel in your eyes!" he cried out, a passion in his voice very new there, "that, having won you for my wife, I should ever give you cause to re pent It?" "I did not mean that. I think nothing of you but what is generous and noble. If. you repented, I- know well I should never see it, if you could help it; but I think I should see it for all that. She who .was once Helen. Herneastle . can never be Lady Tregenna." . He turned away from her-such keen disappolntminft;- such bitter pain, writ ten in his face, that her heart relented. She liked him so much-so much that she began to wonder if the liking were not loving. It ~ as hardly possible such noble, disinterested, enduring love as his should not beget love. "Oh; forgive-me," she penitently cried, "if I have wounded you! Indeed,-I did not mean it! I do like you, but it is for your good, your happiness, I speak--can not you'see that?" " "I can see nothing. but that without you tny life will go wrong-will be'utter ly. miserable. . Katherlne .. love. you! What more'can I say? Love me in re turn, and be my wife!" He held out his arms. For a moment she stood irresolute-longing, yet dread ing-to go. for his sake. - - . "Come to me,' he plbaded, "my bride -my .wife!- Forget thie'past has ever been-It shall never .come between 'us! Come, and inake' the happiness of my life!"- - And then, as he enfolded her, and her :head fell on. his shoulder, Katherine knew that peace had found her out-at last. (To-be continued.) -, : 