.\\.ijT ADDRESS ON FOOTBALL. I . ~ : » . t . . Vk _ 1 ; , The accommodation "at Lesley Church, was severely taxed, on ,Sunday,evening last, almost all the available) sitting room in the .body of the Church being "occupied. The reason for such a large congregation may be attributed to the fact of lthaving been previously " announced that the Sev. Mr. Hodge-would deliver a special address1 to athletes on " Football-It's attractions, re*, pulsions, ^indj,requisites.'' -The-rev.gentle-; man based his remarks upon fcne 1st Oorintliiane, 9th' chapter,* ana verses from 24 to 27 inclusive.' ' < . ; . The -preacher Said he offered' rio apology, for discussing the subject . announced. They had divine and apostolic precedent for so, doing., Jesus was' a . topical' preacher-m treover he liarmonised his teaching wiih environment. So. did His great and . -distinguished- disciple the A,p9stle Paul.' His reference tp theworld Jamed Isthmian games which, were counted' among "the chief glories of the Grecian' people was a sufficient proof. Continuing, he s&id;: " I think I know what I am talking about when I say thai football ifi one of our jnost popular winter games. What made it popular ? First,-It was a panly game. It brought the physical powers into operation, and thus fitted a manjforjthe buffeting not only of the field but of Ufe. "S^ilh -the cultivation of fleeter ness of limb was associated quickness of the eye. A good footballer took in' the situation at ajglance, and acted promptly and with decision. The footballer who cultivated the art of acting promptly on the field would find this of great value in ithe larger field of life. In this field. raeli of decision-of forc<J of character, were1 greatly needed, because so many act' with out method andmerely at impulse. , The football field was a splendid place to discipline temper. The player who gave way to temper was. a doiikey, and was made ,to feel such by the barrackera and. even players. Many & man had learned to check his temper on the field, and having, been taught tne lesson there it had helped him' to' control it elsewhere. - \- Football- also .contributed to unselfish ness. The player who '< played only to gratify his personal ambition was of very Gttle use to his club. No' match could be won in the absence /of unselfishness. Players were exhorted tq make this grace one of their unwritten kJus, and to sweeten: society by carrying jy into their liomos and into business. lietlthem take for their motto not "I live for self," but *' I live for those who foVe me, For those \vho know me'true, For the heavens that smile above mc, And await my coming to. For the cause that needs assistance. For the wrongs that need resistance, For the. future in the distance, And the good that I can do." Two other great lessons football taught were obedience and discipline. If players were not obedient to the call of their Captain they would soon become dis organised. In the larger field of life the players who succeeded were those who obeyed the call of their Divine Captain, Jesus Christ. Some football Captains were able to awaken enthusiasm in the hearts of their men but Jesus Christ 'alone had power to supply inspiration. These were some of the attractions of football. Its REPULSIONS. While'football was a popular game there were some things associated with it that repelled. First there was overtraining. A reliable medical gentleman had informed him that rnany-young men suffered from heart disease as. a result of overtraining for football. They had no right to abuse their bodies. . In doing so they sinned agaipst God. The body Was tho " Temple of the Holy Ghost." Another repulsion men tioned was professionalism. Some players entered the field for the glory of the pocket rather than the glory of their Club J iii the Eastern Colonies professionalism' had to a great extent deprived the game of its popularity. In the Grecian games Paul had this in nis mind when he gave utter ance* to " The best men played and con tested not for money but for a crown of leaves gathered from the grove, of the Gods." Closely allied with professionalism ?was gambling. Whatever the spectators did he said most emphatically that players had no possible rignt to wager on the re sult of tne game. If they were not careful gambling would strike their game with a withering impotency. He was afraid also that sometimes drunkenness was associated with football. Total abstinence was neceis sary to play the game with success. These were some of the repulsions. They were not the game, but parasites that were sucking away its very life- blood. j ITS REQUISITES. (1). There was the field on which the players alone were - allowed. (2). There was the Captain who not only understood the game but his men. (3). There was the' umpire. The larger field was the. world. The Captain-Jesus Christ. The umpirch Conscience. A badge or 6olbr was neces sary to distinguish^th'e flayers. In the days ox good Queen Bessnbloiily soldiers but civilians were compelled to wear a dis tinguishing badge. Shakespeare mentioned this in one of, his immortal plays, where, he' speaks of .' Men goiii» about wearing the sign of their profession." Players were earnestly exhorted to do nothing to dis fifrace their colors, but to wear the "' white, flower of a blameless life." A certain amount of training was necessary before they could take the.field. It was the 'same in thp larger field. In' this world we . were trainer? or probationers for what some term " the angdic state," but which he (the jpreach er) preferred to term the ?' higher state." They sometimes heard strong young men singing about *'wanting to be an angeL" Doubtless in a -sense they would be angels spme day,* but they must be men before they could be angels. t , Although there were 40 players every man got his chance sooner or later, and the players who distinguished themselves were those' who. prepared for the opportunity. It was exactly the same inn thereat; .field of life. Every man got hisohkhfee sooner or later. - Only , those succeofled who were ready when the door of opportunity opened to enter through." Players were exhorted hot to imitate miserable failures who went about, whining, that circumstances were against them: He was not. belittling cir cumstances nor.-minimising their effect; upon the building of character,. but he would mpst solemnly declare from experi ence an .observation that it was possible to convert circumstances into/servants instead of allowing theift, to control -/us as mas ters. ' = . ' , A player on the football ground must be content to be himself and not wish to be another. W ^ . .In Sweden they had a- proverb " Every bird sings acccirdiiig to Its own beak." The meariiug of *which was : A man is himself] and not someone else. Each has a distinct i personality-each has gifts differing; from j the oth^r. Some players Were fleeter than lothers.' Some better at marking the ball. Spme surer as goal kickers. Each had his position to fill hence the game went on. All the birds did not sing alike. The song of the parrot differed from the songof the lark, and the song of the robin from the fcohg of t}ie sparrow. Yet each had its, place, 'and . unitedly they made the qiusic of the universe. So, let themuse the gifts God had blessed them with,, and not craVe after ihegifis of others. And thus they would help to make life a song and a b^ne diotion.. ? A hell -.rings the ..players . off jshe field, then let us be ready when the last; bell of life rings to go into the presence of our Groat Captain. The rev. gentleman was accorded a very attentive hearing, and at the close of his address Mr. Williamson, who was in! excellent voice, isang " Throw out the life line." During the service the choir ren dered an anthem. 