The Editor invites contributions column. Accepted paragraphs Paid for at usual rates. to this will be "How many children hive you?" an English cricketer asked a popular Australian bat. " kevea not out/' was the reply. «I FIND that the men are mostly of opinion that every woman should have a vote but thouown wives." Cynical contribution to the womanhood suffrage controversy. AN up country Queensland polieeman arrested a dead man Jor being drunk, aad when called upon to explain said: " Well, that', the way they get dthrunk up here-ye can't tell the difference. «1 WILL not be responsible for debts contracted in my name by my wife," advertised a Sydney man "I would not be so foolish as to attempt to do what you cannot do yourself," replied the wife. THE corset has its uses. A young Scotch lady shot by a disappointed suitor was saved from death by the steels of her stays. 1 his shows that the corset is good armour, but a cuirass would be better. A FACETIOUS editress, aslred how to raise ghosts, supplies for an answer a recipe tor Christmas pudding. We would suggest Queensland rum and plenty of it, but in theiatter case the goblins might take the form of large, fat, white spiders. CARNEGIE, the American millionaire, and author of "Triumphant Democracy," began his business career as an office-boy. He afterwards bought the building in which he had been employed. " I've swept out this place scores of tunes," he told a brother millionaire. THERE is a story of a certain Court official who signed documents in such an off-hand manner'that a p^tical np^hmg^OCTunent ^ T ' l S ^ t ^ authority for his own hanging. EXTRACTED from a recent<sable • " The engineers who are locked out or on strike are receiving large sums of money from Germany to assist them in the struggle with the employers " Germany never misses a move in the great commercial game. What is this, philanthropy or politics ? THE writer has been shown a clipping from an old American paper, a letter, signed Cora Brown Cleopatra on the previous night. Cora, pleaded accident and nervousness. Judging by the manner in which Mrs. Potter dressed some of her parts in Melbourne on the occasion of her last season WP she has auite recovered from the squeamishness here, that she flas inspired quire that recovery letter. * A PECULIAR incident is said to have happened . in a Sydney household recently, when on the occasion of a small festivity a local business man Jnfrndttcpd a citv friend t3 his wife. Judging by ttestetaudthe evident surprise of the two I ev extended hands, the husband said: " Why, have vou met before?" "I imagine we have" replied tbr m an, "but cannot recall when or how » And yet he had good reason to remember, considering that the lady had been his wife and atiireT'l^ctst^tas SaL-^by 1 : man of Bath, Enaland, who on dying left «0 a IT'S a Nhill wind that blows nobody any good. Revised proverb. LORD KNBTSFOBD, pronrnent in Co'oni 1 * flairs.- i * a nephew of the great Macau ay. MAJOR WAEDILL has a fine contempt for the press. He does not b-lieve the pen is mightier than the sword PBEMIEB GEORGE TURNER commenced to learn _ flnereavs I0 anyway. u n g u s n * « 9 A How is this for supererogation t A suDuroan lecturer declared the o™r DigM that mries i died of decapitat'on of the head. Wolioiy appears baye ima£ ined that he died of decapitation of the feet ' lrTl , „ Ma. MALONEY, M/P., of West Melbourne, when he gets hold of an idea worries - it to rags ana tat ers. This anti-djR business has become ridiculous, and the "Little Doctor" and his political friends wi 1 simply defeat their own ends if they keep the game up any longer The public will begin to appreciate the stupid folly of this melodramatic business, and the laugh will be against the smaU Goliaths who have tu-ned out avid. MR. FITZ GIBBON is dis" gusted at the bare idea of Parliament daring either to cut his salary or to shift him. Fit7. should write it down " Metropolitan Board and Lodgings." THE German officer is now credited with being the most superior officer of all European armies. No wonder; he is the result of a military educational system as effective as the commercial and industrial educational m-thods of the Fatherland. Knowledge is power. IT is commonly believed that Yictoria has a poll £ax on Chinamen. There uped to be such an impost, but solnehow when the Acts were Consolidated the provision .revision was dropped out, and I it has never-. been re-enacted. , . Tie only restriction on the immigration of Chinese is the law which limits the number that can come by boat to one to every five hundred tonnage. ON Ranjitsinhji's first visit as a cricketer to Yorkshire it go"- about that he did not understand a word of English except "How's that?" and " Out.'" Consequently he was criticised as audibly and freely as if he had been deaf, dumb and blind. , All sorts .. of flip- , pint and questionable remarks were passed upon h s appear- ance, &c.;, and his critics were qu te at ease until after lunch, v nen the Indian rose and made a short speech in cul - tured g aceful English. f AMONGST the pupiU of the associated body 0 he of Musi^ aud ^e ^"^yal CoUe/of Music i England who went up L the highest number of marks for pianoforte playing. She lik-wise gained the certificate for harmony. This talented young lady' is the daughter of our old friend Dr. L. L. Smith, and she is the pupil of Mr. Joseph Gillotfc of this city. NEITHER the Cerberus or the No 1 son is the first arship Victoria possessed. In point of fact the irst war vessel owned in Australia was owned by this province, the steam sloop Victoria, sold by uction ten years ago. She took provisions to the Gulf -'of Carpentaria with the expectation of meeting the Burke and Wills expedition It was this vessel that carried the Victorian contingent to New Zealand at the time of the Maori war. It is a pity the Yictoria was not kept by the Government, if only for the sake of historical associations, ,. T ^ , , ^ . .„ ,, , 'IT was alleged by various councillors that cases Qf simple sore throat were reported as dipbtheretic in ordertoswell the lists of certain doctors' remarkable and speedy cures."—Extract from rep 0 rt of a Coincil meeting, For ways that are dark atidfor —Jt»- tricks tbat J-I-J- are Tain, the pushing — M.D. ^ is peculiar. PUNCH has already told of tbe Victorian country doctor who convinced patients that they we e suffering from complaintsidemanding operations/ and then took all tbe money he could get from them after performing mock operations. We have recently} heard of a doctor who treated a woman for in-growing toe-nails, and took great credit and much cash by assuring the patient all along that any other doctor would certaiuiy have had the leg off, Dukcmt GritLlES atid Prter La 1 or were ma* es n Ba'larat in ihe ait -S ockadedays. Duncati as all tor law and order even then. AMONGST the re ics of George Augustus Sala is finely-carved bust of the old fire-ea'ing Maori, awh ao, cut out of a lump of kauri gum. NOVEMST FERGUS HUME is not beloved of ritical London Academy. "Mr. Fergus Hume, o be quite frank, has no more style than a hi 11- REGISTRAR A'BECKFXT, long years ago, was « bright and shining light among'Varsity oar 6 m e n ^ ^ . wll(m Professor Irving used to fitrol.„, winning crews in tbe annual scratch fours. ° , ,, , -- „„ , , CAPTAIN SLOCUM, of Boston, Mass., U.S.A., who called and made a stir at Australian ports not long ago in his sailing boat, the pray, has now t B ag 6 far ag Port Louis, Mauritius, whence h* ta bomc_ , , PATTI say*,no woman can hope-to » beauty who does not sleep 12 ^ f ^ « The won^ who follows t>is^advice, wll1 waste sixth ot her We in bedn^orderjo be n^-lookn,^ at an age when nobody ca es much whether s nice-look,ng or not. THE young Earl of Seafield, Maoriland's native orn peer, has an idea of running for a seat in tin ouse of Representatives in time. His mother. y-the-way-the Dowager Countess—is a daugb er hus of related Major to Evans, Lord of Carbery. Clooneavin, Otago, and is W. F. STAWELL was the Attorney-General in he Government that offered ,£500 for the bovine ead of Peter Lalor after the Ballarat riot-,*. wenty-one years later S taw til was acting- Governor and Peter Lalor one of his Ministers. The whirligig of time! ACTOR GEOBGE TITHEIUDGE, being a wise, farseeing person, has trained up his daughters as , thorough, hort culturists and scent farmers, with an eye to those possible contingencies in tlio future which none can foresee. •' Ready, aye. pready," is a very sound motto to wear in y^ur lmt . ! /QUEENSLAND ATTORNEY-GENERAL T. J. BYHN?>: is a"1Bi$ielor of Arts and a Bachelor of Laws of Melbourne University, where he did' excellent febfirses audi,..^cooped in several scholarships. Also,''he gained the Oratory Prize at Trinity college in 1883*And was prelector of the Debating pcj ety f or ^at/year. „ / , ,, -^oiisiiAe' Str&DEN;, who pos=s es the reprefenlative of A\i9;r'alian literature in London, and was once de cribed a? the Poet Laureate of Australia, is t'-e author of the two most banal lines 01 rhyme ever perpetrated by a man ot' any portion, in literature. H -ra they are :— " Here baby was better and more cheerful, And condensed milk appeared t> a >ree with it.'' 1 ' poem These one of lines the most occur heoric in a incidents ' poem" in dealing Australian wit v history. SHEAJREE B. J. HOWE, of Blackall, Queensland, still holds the Australian records in that line. When Coleman and Sons,of Cootainundra, N.S.W. ff d twQ w medals in;] 893 oue for hand aU(i the ,, other __ for machine shearing, Howe won „„„ them both,«bearing'821 by handin an eight hours' day and 237 by machine in similar -time. The Shearers' Union conducted the contest. MADE in Germany. A paragraph from tlie Krcuznacher Amciger. "At a modern University a ^ student Z Z was Z Z fined t e ten thalers for kissinga young From what we know of the A MELBOURNE pressman—we will call lmu Allister McAllister—when absent in another colony, was filled with an unspeakable disgust on having Ms attention drawn to an advertisement in tlie"^rgus which read: "If Allister-McAllister does not return to his home and wife at once, a warrant will be taken out." Of course hi was not the Allister wanted, but the chaff.that resulted made his visit a protracted horror. WHO was tha first war correspondent in Austra ia? Scores of people are, no doubt, ready io answer this question from the jump, and in em h case the reply would be Joe Melvin, who vr- ni to the Soudan with the Australian con tinge, u Wrong. Howard Willoughby has the bonoui < f being the first Australian Archibald Forli =. Willoughby repre-ented one of the dailies in Isev, ® ? ,. - .. - -v .. Z aland at the time of the Maori wai ab v,t ihirty-thrte years ago. Willoughby, as most people know, is still plugging away for the ^ JUDGE WINDEYER had his occasional lucid intervals of humour, though nine times out of ten i be humour was of the satiric species which caraeth the sting in its tail. Likewise he much atoned and insisted on English pure and undefiled, asid hated the vagrant tongue which pronouno Twsday as if spelt Toosday and news as if ^ritt; n noos. In a capital case at Wagga a witness i- i; defendant remarked, " The noose reached mewhenjWindeyer jerked out from that long slxaiginhorrid mouth, "Come, come, my friend, y" anticipate!" 