.....— T H E — . Jialgoorlie Joiner. PUBLISHED DAILY. SATURDAY, FEB. 27, 1897. Early this week we referred to the objec tions to the system adopted in the c lony of electing representatives to the federal Con-, vent'on by a vote of the members of both Houses instead of by the whole cf the electors. Parliament, as at present consti tuted, is admittedly unrepresentative of the people. This was acknowledged by the Redistribution of Seats Bill passed last. session, so that the delegate? from West Australia will not be the chosen of the people for whom they, no doubt, will pro fess to speak and act, but will merely be the nominees of a practically defunct Parlia ment that is less representative of the modern ideas now prevailing than of the old days oE sandalwood and crab3. The view taken by us has since been endorsed by t'ie largest meeting ever held in the. Minero' Institute. Owing to an oversight the reso lution was not put condemning the system adopted for the election of Federal Conven tion representatives, but it was quite evident that the motion met with the unanimous approval of the vast- assemblage gathered in the hall. As already pointed out in these ?columns, it is now too late for the mode of selecting delegates to be changed, and all thatcan be done is to bring outside pressure to bear on Parliament to secure, if possible, the adequate representation of the goldfields at the Fcleral Convention. The Enabling Act passed last sessi n specially provides for the election to be by a ballot of the members of both Houses. Any person qualified and entitled to vote for the election of a member of the Assembly may bo a candidate pro vided he be nominated by not less than 20 Assembly electors. Ten representatives are required, but ther j would be slight chance of the election of any person other than a Member of Parliament, or of the success of any candidate irrespective of whether or not he belonged to either House unless he were nominated by or at the instigation of the members. Unless by a special sitting of Parliament the Act could not be amended, and even if the majority of the members were disposed to effect the change desired, there is not sufficient time; as March 10 has been fixed as nomination day and March 13 as polling day. The dates cannot very well be fixed later, but the residents of the fields have a right to expect that some members should be sent to the Convention who may be relied on to directly voice their aspira tions. It is gratifying to notice that amongst the Legislative Councillors likely to be nominated the name is mentioned of Mr J. Howard Taylor, who was returned at the last election by the vote of the goldfields. Hebas pledged himself to such reforms as one man one vote, payment of members, and other principles which give reason to hope that he would favor the Democratic party when the Federal Constitution came to be framed. We trust Mr Taylor will be elected, but it is no more than fair that at least one of the Assembly representatives cf the goldfields, that is, cither Mr Moran or Mr Illingworth, should be sent to the Convention from the popular Chamber. Both these gentlemen have unquestionably - Liberal views that accord with those generally held by the. goldfields' population, and would be more useful members of the Convention thau most of those whose names have been mentioned as probable candidates. The deep interest displayed in the question was a most grati fying feature of Wednesday night's meeting. The immense concourse present showed their thorough appreciation of the high impo; t ance of the coming Convention, and the strongest desire to be directly represented at what will probably prove to be the laying of the foundation of the future great Australian nation. We have been asked to intimate to the public that the police authorities of the district have received instructions to enforce the Width A Tires Act, 1805. Every man is presumably acquainted with the law, at least to the extent of being aware of when he is infringing any of the provisions. A greater fallacy scarcely exists, and there are few, if any, of the residents of the fields who have 'even the ghost of an idea of what is required in accordance with the Act in question as regards waggons, drays, carts, and lorries. For the benefit of the unenlightened we may explain that the Width of Tires Act doe3 not apply to any vehicle intended solely to carry passengers and that its principle clause reads ai follows : — On and after first day of May, 1896, no person engaged in . building, con structing, selling or making vehicles shall build, construct or make, sell or liire or offer for sale or hire any vehicle unless the width of the tires of such vehicle shall'. be- in the following proportion to the axle arms of such vehicle, namely : — When the diameter of the axle arm i3— - 2in, the width of the tire shall be 3in 2-Jin „ ?„ ,, 301 2£in „ ,. „ 4in 2|in . . „ .,„.. ?'„,.?. 4Jin 3in v „ „ . „ 5in. Another clause forbids the importation of vehicles unless the tires be of the prescribed width. Any person offending against either of the preceding clauses renders himself liable to a penalty not exceeding £5. So that no injustice should be done to the owners of vehicles with tires not of the prescribed width no person cau be prose cuted until after January 1, 1899, for using any such vehicle upon the public roads. Two yecrs' grace has thus been allowed to enable those in possession of vehicles that do not comply with the requirements of the Act to make necessary arrangements to meet its provisions. The roads of the goldSclds have been already so very badJy cut up that it is rather late in the clay to enforce the Act, but it is, perhaps, better late than never.' The great clearing sale of drapery, etc, by Mr freedman is being continued, and the advertisement states that extraordinary bargains will be offered to-day in drapery, boots, etc. A clearing sale for, one month only, is an nounced by 'Messrs E. V. Randell & Co, prior to the firm removing to Egan-strect, in con sequence of the present premises having boen purchased by the Commercial Bank. Messrs Kapp & Co, wine and spirit and general merchants, Egan-street, have decided .to cany on their ret-il business on a cash basis, which enables the firm to make substantial reductions in all departments. Mr Jarman, of the cheap clothing shop, Hannan- street, announces that he has pur chased a bankrupt stock of clothing, hats, boots, and shoes, which he has determined upon clearing at bargain prices. A full price list wil1 be found on another page. 