A.N.A. CARNIVAL. There is hardly the least room for doubt if Victorian natives possessed the power that the; would make a speedy alteration in regard to the observance of Foundation Day on the 26th January. The anniversary was chosen somewhat ili- advisedly, inasmuch as. it marks the arrival in Australia oE the first' batch ol convicts. However, the day has been fixed, and though unpleasant memories attach to the date, the holiday is of a National character business being almost entirely suspended in the colony on that particular occasion. The anniversary occurred on Tuesday, and, in accordance with custom, the local branch of the A.N.A. held a carnival on the racecourse. The weather was delightfully fine, and an outing trader the circumstances became a matter of extreme pleasure. Theadmirablemanncrin winch the past carnivals hail been carried out. added to the fact that the members of the local branch bad made 'it no secret that the 1897 carnival was to eclipse all previous efforts combined to draw a large assemblage of visitors outside the local townspeople. The result proved that it was no idle - boast, and the visitors were lavish in their praise at the stupendous programme presented and ihe adequacy o£ the arrangements. The: encomiums were indeed well bestowed, for the officials worked untiringly and with clock-like precision. The programme of sports, which was as varied as it was attractive, comprised bicycle, pedestrian, and aquatic events, and additional zest was. imparted to the demonstration by the exciting character of the different races and the remarkably close finishes that resulted in the majority of cases. Cycling still retains an extraordinary fascination for the public, as was evidenced by the whole-souled enthusiasm with which the spectators were animated -whilst the bicycling races were in progress. There were five events set down for competition, and on account of the liberal patronage by wheelmen it was found necessary to run ofi two of the open races in heats. This extended the exhibition of cycling to the universal gratification of the spectators. The prize money aggregated close on £60, exclusive of procession prizes and several valuable trophies that formed the awards in some of the events. THE PROCESSION. An attractive feature of the carnival was the procession which iserved as a pleasing introductory to the day's enjoyment. In point of originality the display made fell somewhat below that of previous years, but nevertheless, there were many novelties introduced which did not fail to excite attention amongst the large throng of spectators that lined the principal streets. The procession was formed, in Baynton street, between - Mollison and Ebden streets, and this particular locality presented a very animated scene. - The processionists marched to the .grounds by way of High, New, Bodkin, Mollison and Piper streets. JUn route, the Town bandsmen, under the conductor- ;ship of Mr' J. -A. Pensom,- di6conrsed most : inspiriting and'appropriate selections. The procession was marshalled by Dr Byan, mounted on a charger, and he was followed by the bandsmen. The members of the Fire Brigade looking spick aud span in their Board uniforms came next, followed by Messrs 3. H. Sutherland and H. Hoyle, who were riding the latest invention in wheels— the American sociablc. P. Dale, in the character of a cycliste, and Stanley Hobbs representing a Japanese lady, pedalled bicycles in close proximity to the sociable, their nearest attendant being Geo. l'erkin, who was riding a bicycle most, artistically adorned. Themembersof committee, and pioneers—Messrs C. Hollis, S. Kelley, W. Murray, E. S. Hansen, and J. Menzies—had separate drags provided for their use, and following the vehicles was R. Baldwin on a bicycle profusely decorated with flowers. Rogers' troop on a lorry, which was got up to represent a mia-mia, came next, and headed a dray driven by M.r Fawbes containing a small brigade of young natives. A display was made on a waggon by the Kyneton Brewing Co., and this and an ingenious contrivance, supposed to represent one of the latest triumphs of man—an auto- car— brought up the rear. Scattered throughout the procession were several members of the A.HA., who assumed the following characters :—C. D. Harrison, a clown. The identity of this person, who rode a bicycle, was completely hidden as the result of a splendid getnp. He wore a mask that was hideously ugly. C. Leaney and R. N. Irwin, a newly-wedded couple. The pair sustained their characters to perfection, and E. N. Irwin, as the wife, had many graceful smiles to bestow on the amused spectators. The pair were mounted on a tricycle, the driving power being supplied by Mr Leaney. W. Hobson pourtrayed the redoutable Ranjitsinghi, the cricketer who has electrified the English public by his brilliant batting. We are not in a position to say if Mr Hobson in the attire he assumed for the occasion bore any resemblance to the Indian Prince. F. W. Hose, a clown. The popular president of the branch was so cleverly disguised that his identity remained a scaled puzzle to the majority of the onlook- ers. The display made by the Kyneton Brewery was a skit on the blae ribbon or temperance cause. It was made to appear that temperance had overcome the drink traffic and that the brewery had gone "bung" as the result. In order to make the delusion complete, the bine flag was hoisted triumphantly amidst a scene of wreckage representing broken barrels and twisted hoops. Everything engaged in the liquor trade was made to suffer. The horses presented a sorry plight, and gave the appearance of being the most wretched animals imaginable. The harness appeared as if it would fall to pieces at any moment, and the waggon apparently was in a state of collapse. There was a barrel on the waggon containing a liquid which was tapped by several persons, who expected to find something that would cause them to smack their lips, but were agreeably disappointed to discover that the beverage-was undiluted water. ' These individuals had nothing good to say for the cause that led to the imaginary downfall of the brewery. The display was well carried out in its way, but it was not in good taste. The auto-car, which, as represented, was a most ingenious contrivance, was constructed under the directon of UrG. F.Laver. ltwas nothing more or less than a tricycle with a canvas! framework which effectually bid the " stoker " from view. Steam was supposed to be the motive power,and this was given force by the fact that Gmoke issued from a funnel in the car. A youth named Hale acted as steerer, and Mr M'Kay controlled the "engine." This was decidedly the most novel feature in the procession. Uremia mia was fairly well arranged, the stock of native implements imparting an air of realism to the scene. Prizes amounting to £710s were offered by the committee for the best trade's display in procession; most original turn out; and best carried out display. The judges (Messrs M. K. Armstrong and J. E. AndreWB) submitted a report in writing which set forth that they had some difficulty,in awarding the prizes for reasons which would be understood by the committed If it were indispensable that they should award prizes they recommended the following:—Most original item—the autocar. Second prize of 10s. Best carried out display—the members of the Kyneton Bicycle Club. Prize, £1. Befit trade di The Bring Brewery. In this case the judges recommended as under— M A composition of one farthing in the £ on the first prize of £2, viz., one half- penny." THE OFFICIALS. The officials supervising the sports were as follow:—Foot races—Judges Messrs H. Harper, B. Stringer and H. J. IteUord; starter, iMr J. H. Sutherland; stewards, Messrs T. Smith, W. M. Johnson' and G. Milledge. Bicycle races—Referee, Mr .Van Henrick; Judges, ' Messrs J. Hardman, J. Smith, and J. E. Andrews; starter, Mr 3. H. Sutherland; lap ficorer, Mr G. Hurry; clerk of course, M. H. C. Bnzza; ainpiies, Messrs T. Sempie, W. Pitt, B. N. Irwin and Dr Ryan; color and number steward, Mr C. leaney; lap crier, MrG.Perkin; time-keepers, Messrs C. Leaney and A. M. Perirtn. Aquatic events—Judges, Messrs H. Rawson and H. E. Bestj fitewards, Messrs 3. Bromilow and Baldwin. Mr B. Sutherland, junr. filled the responsible position of secretary will marked ability. His duties were many aud varied and it was only due to'his untiring exertions that he succeeded in keeping up to his work. Not Ja hitch occurred during the day and he, as well as the other officials, are deserving of every praise for the completeness of the arrangements. THE SPORTS. The bicycle races were the chief source of enjoyment, the onlookers being treated to a fine exhibition. Eiders hailed from Ballarat, Gedong, Bendigo, Maryborough, and other centres, and the close finishes that resulted in the majority of instances reflected the greatest credit on the gentlemen entrusted with the task of adjusting the handicaps. The principal event of the meeting was the Kyneton Bicycle Handicap, three miles, In which the prize money aggregated £17. In consequence of the large number of entries it was found necessary to run the race off in three heats, the three placed men in each heat contesting the final. First honors were annexed by F. W. Stoneham, of Geelong, who richly merited his win. He rode exceedingly well, and proved himself to be a splendid judge of pace aud a fine sprinter. On the day's performance he must be classed as one of the best riders on the ground. He was mounted on a Massey-Harris machine geared to 84. Stoneham also performed splendidly in the A.N.A. Bicycle Handicap, 2 miles, in which he was beaten by B. Webster, Bendigo, after a most determined struggle. The aquatic events proved very attractive to the spectators, especially the polo match, which resulted in a draw. The details are as appended:— CYCLING. A-N.A. BICYCLE HANDICAP, Two miles. First £7, second £2, third £1. First heat—B. W. Webster, Bendigo. 140yds, 1; Bert Bolfe, Bendigo, 250yds, 2; C. W. Cowan, Bendigo, 170yds, 3. The following also started:—W, J. Blundell, Castlemaine, 150yds; J. T. Paul, Bendigo, 150yds; £L J. Best, 150yds; W. Farr, Woodend, 180yds; A. W. Bern ado n, 190yds; J. M'Kimmie, Kyneton. 220yds; B. Chambers, Mia Mia, 220yds; and C. V. KiUyer, 170yds. Rolfe cut out the running from the jump, but in the second lap the field was in a bunch, with Farr as pilot. M'Kimmie took charge in the third and fourth laps, and Best dropped out. The pace was too warm also for Chambers, who pedalled off the track. Young Rolfe paced the field in the fifth round, his plucky riding evoking considerable applause. At the back stretch one of the competitors came to grief and brought down five others with him. Some of the riders were thrown with great violence, but they fortunately escaped with a severe shaking. This only left a trio of riders to battle for the three places, and they finished in the order named. Webster was 10 yards in advance of Bolfe, who was five yards ahead of Cowan. Time, 5 min 12 2-5 sec. Second heat—C. C. Taylor, Maryborough, ISOyds, I; C. E. Beddrop, Redesdale Junction, 150yds, 2; J. W. Sampson, Daylesford, 110yds, 3. The following also started :—J. A. Munro, liOyds; G. Coliicoat, 140yds; J. W. M'Grath, Allendale, ISOyds; J. T. Caldwell, Maldon, 170yds; J. H. Whitford, Bendigo, 170yds; R. Brace, ISOyds; G. Toyne, Geelong, 200yds. Taylor put plenty of -go" into his machine from the start, and he was in the van after the completion of the first lap. Toyne and Brace were the nearest attendants to the leader in the second lap, and the field thereafter became bunched. Taylors pacing was excellent, and he remained in the lead despite the utmost efforts of his opponents to place him in a rearward position. Munro, finding his chance of victory hopeless, retired in the fifth lap, and Coliicoat repeated his example a short time afterwards. In the sixth lap Beddrop challenged the Maryborough cyclist, aud a good struggle for supremacy ensued. Taylor was not to be denied, however, and he passed the winning post three yards ahead of Beddrop, the same distance separating second and third. Time, - 5 min 1.2-5 sec. Third heat—F. W. Stoneham, Geelong, 160yds, 1; O. Lober, 150yds, 2; Jas. Keating, Woodend, 300yds, 3. Other starters: Don Jewell, Maryborough, scr.; E. Weymss, Ballarat, scr.; N. B. Currey, 120yds; G. W. Thomson, Ballarat, 130yds; A. W. Larkin, Daylesford, 140yds; G. T. Andrews, Ballarat, 170yds; S. M'Kinnon, 220yds; E. A. Byrnes, 240yds. The limit man (Keating) plugged away determinedly as soon as the start was effected, and for five laps he remained at the head of affairs. In the sixth lap the field closed on him and he fell back. Stoneham, who rode with splendid judgment, gave his machine a kick or two at the right moment and passed his opponents like a streak of lightning. He won by three yards from Lober, who was pushed very closely for jsecond honors. During the course-of the race M'Kinnon got a fall; and Andrews retired.—Time, 4min 57 3-5ssc- Final heat—B. W. Webster, 1; F. W. Sfconehtm, 2; O. Iiober, 3. Other starters: Bert Bolfe, C. W. Cowan, C. C. Taylor, C. E. Beddrop, J. W. Sampson, and Jas. Keating. This was an excellently contested race, and excited intense enthusiasm. Keating shot off at a great pace and retained the lead for three laps. The persistent Bolfe hung at the : leader's wheel and could not be shaken off. The riders in the back division had moved forward and the race became very interesting.: When five laps had been traversed Sampson quitted the track and Webster took the lead. He brought the field along at a merry pace, and there was no shirking on the part of any of the riders. Webster made a sudden dash ahead when abont half a lap from home and gained a clear lead. Stoneham, who had marked Taylor as the most dangerous man in the race, was caught napping, and despite his brilliant spirt he was unable to overhaul Webster, who gained the judges* verdict by five yards. A good third. Time, 4min oosec. DISTBICT BICZCLB RACE (Badinsof 25 miles Kyneton Post Office). Two miles. First, £4; second, £1. Jas. Keating, 160yds, 1; J. W. Sampson, ser, 2; W. Farr, 40yds, 3; C. E. Beddrop, 10yds, 4. Otherstarters: A. W. Larkin, scr.; G. Coliicoat, scr.; B. Chambers, 80yds; J. M'Kimmie, 80yds; and S.F. Jarrett, Kyneton, 100yds. Pursuing the same tactics as in the first race, Keating made the pace a cracker from the outset. M'Kimmie retired early from the contest and Chambers followed suit The positions when the first three laps were negotiated were as under: Keating, Jarrett and Fair, die former having a 60 yards lead. Farr went into second position in the following lap and Jairettlost heart and gave up the ghost. The wide gap between the leader and the back division riders WJJS inch by inch re- duced in the subsequent laps, but, barring accidents, it was dear that Keating had a mortgage on first award. This'turned out'to be the case, as he liad an advantage of 20 yards at the finish. A.desperate straggle for second honors took plaoe between Sampson, Farr, and Beddrop. Fifty yards from home the three riders mentioned were almost riding abreast, Beddrop bang somewhat in Sampson's rear. Sampson, who bad the middle' running, leEt room for Beddrop on the inside to make a dash, and full advantage was taken by that rider of his opportunity. Sampson, however, blocked up the passage just as Beddrop made his effort, and in order to avert a collision Beddrop steered his machine off the track on to the grass. In doing this the rider accomplished his intention, bnt the spokes of his front wheel knocked against the left pedal of Sampson's " jigger" and the whed was practically rendered useless, the «pokes being twisted into an unrecognisable shape. Beddrop just cleared the post erected at the finishing point by a hair's breadth. _ Sampson just "beat Fair on the post. Time, 5min 20 3-Gsec. Beddrop protested against second money being awarded to Sampson on the ground that he had deliberately polled in and caused him to run off .the track. The referee gave it as his opinion that Sampson was guilty of a foul. .The committee upheld that official's ruling and Farr was placed second. !; KTHETOK Bicrcus HANDICAP, , Three miles. First, £11; second, £3; third, £lf First heat—C. C, Taylor, 225 yards,-1; 3. W.Sampson, 175 yards, 2; G. T. Andrews, 215 yards,3. .Other starters; Don JewelLscr.; E. Weymss; scr:; A." "W. Hill, 35yas; H. Best, 185yds; J. H. Whitford, 216yda; and D.Wbitelaw, 250yds. Xajrlor wasnot long in overhauling .Wfaitelaw,. who retired when he fotmd iie "was overmatched. Best,' Hill and the two «cratt?h al$o iEft^tiack during the course of the race. Taylor was never headed and he beat Sampson by fully 12 yards. Andrews was about a quarter of s lap in the rear. Time, 7min. 48-l-5sec. Second heat—F. W. Stoneham, 200yds, I; J. A. Munro, 175yds 2; C. W. Cowan, 215yds, 3\. Other starters: G. W. Thomson, 160yds; B. W. Webster, 176yds, C. E. Beddrop, 185yds; A. W. Bernadon, 240yds; E. T. lluntTlcudigo, 250yds; E. J. Lake, Bendigo, 275yds. Hunt led for the first three laps and Bernadon took up the running in the fourth and fifth. Stoneham paced thefield in thesixtb, and gave way to Bernadon in the next. All the riders kept pretty well together until the last lap had been entered-upon when matters became very lively. Two or three raced for home at a rattling pace with Stoneham as the pursuer. The Geelong rider showed a rare turn of speed, and literally lifted his machine into firet place. It was a most exciting finish. Time, 8min 5 l-osec. Third heat—S. M'Kinnon. 275yds, 1; Bert Bolfe, 315yds, 2; W. Farr, 225yds, 3. Other starters: J. M'Grath, 185vds; J. T. Caldwell, 215yds; C. V. KiUyer, 215yds; G. Toyne, 250vds; J. M'Kimmie, 275yds; E. A. Byrne, 300yds. This was a very interesting race. In the fifth lap there was scarcely a dozen yards between the first and last rider. M'Kimmie, who had been in the Tan for several rounds, dropped back beaten when two-thirds of the journey had been accomplished, and subsequently retired. KiUyer also left the track at a later stage. Bolfe was repeatedly applauded for bis game riding, and the youngster made the pace a cracker for his opponents. In the last lap Caldwell fell, but escaped uninjured. M'Kinnon bolted half a lap from home, and won easily by ten lengths. Time, 7mm 59 l-Ssec. M'Grath was reprimanded for having pulled np suddenly some distance from the winning post He gave as an excuse that be was tired out. Final heat—F. W. Stoneham, 1; S. M'Kinnon, 2; W. Farr, 3. Other starters: C. C. Taylor, 3. W. Sampson, G. T. Andrews, J. A. Munro, C. W. Cowan, and Bert Bolfe. The back riders were not long in overhauling the handicap men, and for several laps the pace was most leisurely. Thereafter tie race became extremely interesting. Bolfe was leading two laps from home, but he was unequal to the effort of remaining there, and M'Kinnon and Stoneham supplanted him. A good race resulted between the two last named, Stoneham pedalling in a winner by three lengths. A good third. Time, 8min 5sec. CLUB BICYCLE BACE. Confined to members of Kyneton Bicycle Club. One mile. Three prizes. D. Kett, 115yds, 1-, J. M'Kimmie, scr., 2; S. F. Jarrett, 90yds, 3. Other starters: C. D. Harrison, 35yds; D. Whitelaw, 115yds; A. Middlemiss, 125yds; B. Sutherland, 130yds; W. J. Dale, 140yds. Dale piloted the riders for a lap or so, when he gave way to Jarrett, who, in torn, was passed by Kett. The winner cycled well and was never afterwards headed, winning with plenty in hand by six yards. M'Kimmie .rode capitally. Time, 2 min 33 sec. TILTING AT THE HIXG OST BICTCM5S. First prize, £1. In this event five rings were placed on posts round the enclosure, and the competitors, whilst riding on their machines, endeavored to secure the rings by means of a rod. Biders were required to traverse the round in 1 min & sec. S. F. Jarrett obtained fonr rings and gained the prize. He rode the journey in 59 1-5 sec. There were seven other competitors, the nearest to the winner being J. H. Sutherland and Bert BolEe, with two rings each. PEDESTRIANISM. FOUNDATION DAY HANDICAP, 130 Yards and 200 Yards. First, £7; second £2; third, £1. First round 130yds.—First heat: E. J. Kenny, Woodend, 10yds. 1; D. J. Kelleher, Black Hill, 5yds. 2. E. Crimmins, Kyneton, 10yds, also started. A splendid race resulted between the placed pair, Kenny winning by about two yards. Crimmins retired when about 20 yards from the winning post. Time, 12¾sec. Second heat: T. J. Minogue, Kyneton, 6yds., 1; J. Linehan, Lancefield, 10yds, 2. M. J. Hartigan, Kyneton, 8yds,: was the other starter. The winner footed the distance in excellent style and won com-; fortably by five yards. Only a few inches separated Linehan and Hartigan. Time, 12 4-5ths sec. Third beat: Jas. O'Connor, Lauriston, 10yds, 1. H. E. Evans, Woodend, 6yds, was the only other starter. Won by 3 yards. Time, 12 4-5ths sec. Fourth heat: J. Synen, Lancefield, 5yds, 1; J. J. Kenny, Woodend, scr, 2. T. Linehan, Black Hill, ~ ~ i, and H. Beare, Lauriston, 11yds, also started. The race resolved itself into atrial of speed between the two placed rauners. Some 20 yards from the tape Synen, who was leading, pnt up his hands and effectually blocked Kenny from passing him. It was the general impression that Synen had resorted to the act not for the purpose of interfering with the chances of any competitor^ but to show the spectators that he could win as he liked. Kenny protested against the winner and the stewards ordered the pair to run the distance again. Synen was anxioHS to get a good start aud his impetuosity cost him two yards. Kenny won easily by 10 yards amidst the applause of the spectators. The first distance was negotiated in 13 2-5 sees, and the second in even time. Second round, 200yds.—T. J. Minogne, 9yds, 1; E. J. Kenny, 11yds, 2; D. J. Kelleher, 7yds, 3. Other starters : J. Synen, 8yds; H. E. Evans, 9yds; J. Linehan, 12yds; Jas. O'Connor, 15yds; T. Linehan, 15yds; H. Beare, 15yds. Won by about half a yard; a good third. Time, 19 1-5 sec. Final event 130yds.—T. J. Minogue, 1; E. J. Kenny, 2; Jas. O'Connor, 3. D. J. Kelleher also started. This was a splendidly contested race. Minogue appeared to have very little chance of getting through his opponents at one stage, but he bided bis time judiciously and when an opening presented itself he clapped on a full pressure of steam and breasted the tape a few feet in advance of Kenny. The win was a very popular one. Time, 13sec. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, 150 yards. First, £2 10s; second, £1. First heat—M. J. Hartigan, 9yds, 1; D. J. Kelleher, scratch, 2. J. J. Kenny, scratch; J. Linehan, 6yds; and H. Bobcrts, Kyneton, 12yds; were the other starters. Won with little to spare. Time, 20sec. Second heat—M. Cahill, Taradale, 9yds, 1; A. Wilson, Metcalfe, 6yds, 2; C. Brady, Kyneton, 13yds, 3. Other starters: M. Coghlan, Bullarto, 10yds; and E. J. Crimmins, 12yds. Crimmins came to grief at the second last jump when he had the race at his mercy. A similar experience befel this runner at Daylesford recently. -There was very little space between the first and third men. Time, 21 sec. Final: D. J. Kelleher, 1; M. Cahill, 2; M. J. Hartigan, 3. A. Wilson also started. Kdleher -was never pressed at any time, and he won easily by three yards. A poor third. Time, 19 4.5sec. FIREMEN'S RACE, 150yds. Two prizes.— S. Sandford, 14yds, 1; G. Jeffreys, 12yds, 2; J. Hanhinson, 16yds, 3. Other starters: B. Harper, 5yds; W. J. Smith, 7yds; J. Fan-en, 14yds; S. Harper, 16yds. Before half the distance had been covered, S. Harper collided with another runner and sustained a nasty fall as the result He, however, escaped with a severe shaking. -Sandford won by a yard. 'Time, 18 sec. . OBSTACLE WHEELBABROW BACE.—A. Bowler and C. Bkidmore, 1; Hartigan ! Bros., 2\. Only two pain competed. The event : was provocative of much amusement. POTATO BACE.—First ,heat: M. J, Hartigan, 1\. D. J. Kelleher and P. Healy also competed. Second heat: . P. Linehan, 1. W. Bsnnahan was the only other competitor, final: M. J. Hartigan, 1; P. Linehan, 2. 'A good lace resulted,- " \-- SACK OBSTACLE BACE. . Two prizes.— C.Skidmore, 1; A."(Bowler,) 2. . No. others started. . , •••. BorsV BA.CE, 100yds.—J. Gilbert, 1; P. Good, "2j P. King, 3. Two others started. WonJ>y:a yard. - " . AQUATIC EVENTS. . HAKDICAP SWIMMING BACB 17). 100yds.—H. Crockett, 1; E. Eccles, 2. FourjjJhersjwmpeted. . . . ; ' LONG DIBTAKCE DrviNG MAWJH.—J,' Brenntuif,!; F. Scfcioedsr, 2. 3\. Bennie, £. Eccles, and J. Hogan also competed. The winner won by about a yard. . WALKING GBEASY POLE OVEB WATEB. —G. O'Neill, I. This event only attracted one competitor. WATER POLO MATCH. First prize. £2.— Two teams of 4 men a-side competed for this event, which caused intense amusement. Each team scored a goal, and it was decided to divide the money between them. The teams were: 3. Harrington, A. Bennie, W. Bennie, and J. Bennie; and H. Schroeder, -J. Brennan. J. Qaain, and J. Langcnbach. 