THE SERMON. CHRISTIANITY, AND THE SERVICE OF MAN. , A Sermon by Rev. Dr. CLIFFORD, M.A., LL.B., B.Sc. "Now, after these things, the Lord ap-1 pointed seventy others, and sent them two , and two before His face into every city , and place whither He Himself was about to j come. And He -said unto them, the har-' vest is plenteous, but the labourers are fe\v; pray ye, therefore, the Lord of the harvest that He send forth labourers into His har vest."-Luke x., 1, 2. _ Here is Jesus advising a new company of workers; telling a set of apprentices to the sen*ice of man in the kingdom of God,' what they have to do, and how they have.! to do it; what is the message they have to deliver^ and in -what spirit they shall utter it; what are the places in which they shall work, and with- what hopes of far-off issues they may sustain themselves in theii self sacrificing and reproductive toih The xnen are path (indent pioneer? cru saders. Like the ancient prophets, they have to prepare the way of the Lord. 'Like Carey in India, Morison in China, Living- stone and Comber in Africa, they are sent to open new fields, initiate a new move ment, and inaugurate a new epoch in the life of the world. Like the first Christians who landed on these Australasian shores, these seventy messengers have to carry the good news of redemption to men, prepare them to welcome the coming Christ, quicken their hunger for His gifts of par don and grace, and constrain them to ac cent His lofty ethical ideals. Their tasks are exacting, requiring excep tional qualities carried to an exceptional de gree; "the courage that does not submit or yield, and what else is not to be over- come;" the tact that meets new occasions with insight, skill, promptitude, and re- source: the faith that never falters before obstacles or quivers in the presence of de- feat; the heat, that like an impetuous and irresistible flood, sweeps difficulties out of its course like straws on a stream; and we must add withal, the evenly-balanced judg ment, the wholly surrendered will, the ful ness of soul "that plods and keeps the pas sion fresh," and the swift intuitions that fix on the most simple and human methods for doing divinest work. Therefore, Jesus in this conversation- for it is not more than a free and homely talk-counsels His dis ciples concerning these conditions of the best service of man by man; and since we are all still apprentices to the Great Worker and Master, we welcome the oppor tunity of sitting at His feet, breathing the atmosphere of His presence, and catching hints of the laws of all true work in and for His kingdom. I. But, first, we must observe that Christ chooses the most opportune moment for imparting His advices to these men. Therefore, Luke is careful to mark the time at which Jesus makes this choice of additional teachers, and gives these new commands. It is, as the record shows, at one of the most expansive moments in the history of Jesus. For brief as the ministry of Christ was, yet it had its crises, its dis tinctive periods, and inartistic and un literary as are the accounts of His life, yet traces of these formative stages lie like lanes of light across the landscape of this Wonderful Biography. Three of them are in this Gospel, and each is associated with the outflow of a new series of counsels. First, there is the call and creation of the Apostles, after a whole night spent in prayer, making a new departure in the work of Christ; a departure fraught with infinite issues to the toil of the solitary and single-handed Reformer. Next, there is the creation of a new and enduring social order. Jesus builds His church, attests its indestructible permanence, declares Him self its living bead and beating heart, and enjoins on all who belong to it the prac tice of universa.1 and limitless forgivingness. Was it likely, then, that Luke could miss this decisive addition to the working forces of Christ? Assuredly not! Mark may pass it by. Matthew may fail to give it place, but the historian of the extension of Christianity seizes, it instinctively, and gives it' a primary position in his annals. He is j the friend and comrade of Paul, and, like! him, has the bias for the universal, sees the predestined world- wide sway, of the sceptre of the Redeemer. He begins at Bethle hem, but he does not halt till he has placed us amongst the saints in Caesar's household, and as he proceeds he signalises the events which register the ascents of Christianity to wider realms of service, and so gives a full account of the enrolment of these thirty 'five .pairs of earnest Ttnd enthusiastic amongst -the missionaries of the Kingdom of God. In this account Luke makes clear the fact that Jefus is op His last pilgrimage to the Holy -City; and at the beginning of His receiving up, or.ascension; opening, in short, the din'na which closes when He is parted from His disciples on the elopes of , Olivet, and ' their sight." He lias said "farewell" to His northern home. Capernaum, "our city," He , will not visit again. He is on His way to . the Cross. The shadows of Getlisemane lie , along His path. It is a tragical journey, i and His heart is full. He knows He is I going to die, and lMs f;tc>e is "sot stead ' fastly"-resolution flashing from His eye, I invincible courage in His mien, Iiin whole I being absorbed in the sacrifice of Himself : for men; and as His disciples follow His ? swift, inute figure along the highway they ! share His intensity of feeling, His throb j bing passion for service, and one comes and I says, "Lord, I will go with Thee," and a second declares his eagerness to ally himself with Christ, and a third and a fourth, so that Jesus has to check and chasten thedr eagerness, before He selects these men whom He will send forth whither He Him self is about to come. It was thus, to men infected with His zeal, sharing His intensity, alive with Hib enthusiasm, that He gave these lofty and exacting counsels. They were men in the mood of fullest consecration. They were panting for service. Heart and mind were astir for sacrifice. You cannot get gold , out of quartz except by crushing it, nor J turn the gold into current coin save by the application of heat. The work of the world can never be doneby cold-hearted and sluggish-brained men. Men in a lovf, condition of spiritual vitality cannot accom* plish distinguished service in the Kingdom of God. Championship of lost causes demands delight in work for men as well as faithfulness, glow not less than courage, exultation aiC well as conviction. General Gordon once said of soldiers:-"Send us no more of your lukewarms." These men were nob lukewarms. It 'had fired and fused them, and therefore He could say to them, "Go, and, as ye go, preach." Brothers, the ser vice of men needs the full delight of those who are aflame with the love of Christ and men; whose eouls have oanght fire at the Cross and are dead to the world, but alive to God and souls; who not only work and suffer, but rejoice to work ana suffer for men because they are men, and for God because He is God. Work for the praise of men, and, even if you get it, you will never be satisfied. Work for fame, and it will turn to sand in your mouth. Work for the love of God and of man, His child, and you will see and welcome the heaviest re sponsibilities, and be prepared to rejoice in the most comprehensive teaching Christ has to impart. II. But notes, in the next place, Jesus sus tains and inspires His workers by declaring the close and inseparable relation they hold to Him in and through and by their service of man. They "go," but they "go where He is about to come." He does not lose touch of them. They do not lose grip of Him. They go. before Him and out of His sight, for they are His'heralds and His representa tives. Like couriers, they announce His coming, speak of Him and for Him, and Erepare men to expect and welcome Him; ut they are forever under the spell of His personal influence and upheld by His living power. They heal the sick in His name. They preach the Kingdom in His name. They tell the glad tidings of His approach* and so fill the mouths with questions and make them eager to know Him. They arouse and direct curiosity, whet the appetite for knowledge, pass on the glowing heat they have received from their Leader, feed hope, spread the contagion of faith, and create an atmosphere in which the Lord Jesus may freely work the marvels of His love; but they are always in living and loving union ?with" Him, and the work they do is not only the result of His inspiration, it is also the means of maintaining and strengthening the fellowship of their souls with His. Now, nothing is so potent as personality. Nothing influences so largely and lastingly. The flower blooming in the garden shows us its depths of perennial beauty and sends forth its sweetest fragrance; but the flower long since dead and put away in a drawer speaks to our hearts with a deeper pathos, because it was the last gift of a dear de parted friend. Perennial associations clothe it with an undying beauty, and from its decayed leaves start memories that stir the heart and open the fountain of tears. So the living Christ is a source of exhaustless power in the service of man. "If while we were ^pinion we were reconciled to God by the death of His Son, much more, being reconciled, shall we be 6aved by His life." He still livesy and sends us before His face to do TTi" work in the places where He himself is waiting, and eager to come. He is our con temporary. "Lo, I am with you." That is all, and that is enough. He is more than all that can be against us. His ideas will triumph, for they are incarnate in TTiw^ and in us. His ideals will be realised, fon they are not poor wandering ghosts, but living realities, strong in all the forces necessary for their success. So men have gone, gone everywhere, gone to the wider fields and new worlds with every frerik vision of His face, and every fuller appre hension of the meaning of Hm watdsi gone as the missionary to lonely lands, flw ut the face of deadly perils; gone tiMfce statesmen to subjugate politics toth0 jfc^|»Chnst-as the student and iriteroret8iS3»?%pciety to show in _what ways the wnole of our or ganised life Amy be animated by the Spirit; of His redemption, .and made fruitful ii every good work, to the praise of the dorr of His grace. Jesus is the Son of Man, and there is no possible service of man to which we not» yea, to which we must not go confident that there also He is about to come m all the grace and benignity of His redemptive rule. III. For we mustadd to this the fact thafi Jesus authorises, in the .strongest conceiv able way, the proclamation of the speedy and irresistible advent of the Kingdom of God as the soul and substance of the message these newly- consecrated workers are to de Go, and as you go preach, 'saying, The Kingdom of God is at hand." It w coming. _ As certainly as the tides of the sea rise in every nook and creek of the far extending shore, so the divine kingdom* comes, and nothing can keep it back. It is inevitable. Men may doubt it; but Jfc comes. They may reject it; still it comes: They may misjudge it and refuse to see it, howbeit, be ye sure the kingdom of Goa 18 come nigh to you. It overleaps all barriers. It masters all difficulties. Nothing can keep back the sweet ascendancy, in our life of - fcmrdoning nierpjv universal justice, Mid x all redeeming Jove. The siexttei fcion of tiie iu*t, living, UnaWdetoptivfc rule of God in the life of the 'world, is the fact on which the Servants of Man are to insist with an energy that cannot be quenched, and an optimism that refuses to be clouded. Could any message "be more magnetic, or offer ampler room for great souls? It is not a sharply defined creed; it is a living energy. It is not an empty phrase; it is a power. It is not meat and drink; it is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. It is not external, mechanical, and spectacu lar; it is inward, spiritual, and eternal. Hence of all "the signs of the times," no one is fuller of solace and hope than the fresh vision given to the Christians of these later days of the Kingdom of God. In my ( early days Christianity ?was conceived and ] represented as deliverance from the | tyranny of sin, and the means of personal i holiness; but within the last twenty-five I fears God has said, ''Go, and, as yon go preach, saying, 'The Kingdom of God is j come nigh to you,' " and everywhere men.j are rejoicing to sk in all the service of man kind the "widening realms of divine rule; and not onlv i= r.ur theology being recast in the moulds cf this idea, but our literature is being writ-ten in its light, and our social J life reconstructed on the foundations it Dffers. The Kingdom comes-comes pri marily through the churches; but it also J comes through the press, when it is ani mated by a high purpose and set for the promotion of i us ".ice and truth; comes by the state, when its legislation sustains the weak against the tyranny of the strong, guards the tempted and imperilled, and fa cilitates the progress of sobriety and purity; and comes through all the manifold organs and servants of our widening human life. Preach, then, with tremorless assurance, the advent of the rule of God. as the "good news" given by Christ for the nourishing of all who go before His face, to prepare His way, into the entire life of humanity. IV. More helnful still these heralds mmt, bare been, Christ's original and. creative iu- . terpretation of life. v l»ow there are, in fact, four ways of look ing at life in vogue. Some view it as a catastrophe, and, like Job, curse the day of their birth, and yearn in a fleeting agony .for the grave/ To a second it is a self centred pleasiire; one long draught at the flowing streamB of pleasure. A third sees ! It as toe Puritans, as a school; a discipline <»n behaviour, a training of character; but fourth regards it as a harvest field, i Ji lting the reapers, sickle in band, to cat -and gather grain for the granary of God. JDhe first is a mistake; the creed of a , icpw&rd;, the gasp of a short-sighted slave of .Represent The second is as selfish as it I .fcignoble, as mean as it is unmanly. The Mitnl M true, but partial; productive of ths Jihrms and neroinefi who have built the H; but incomplete and fragmentary, i fourth is the interpretation given by * when He said, "The harvest is u; Init the labourers are few."' Men t deepest meaning of existence. Thcv "to see it is one brief but golden rtanity of service, and so they fall t at once of tlie dory ofGod and of the j at « 4»fe«lo»y of redemp 3 man-^of _ _ of African valleys ~ stone and was about to return it in fury to the youth, when something flashed from it which startled liim, and revealed its worth It was a diamond. I have seen two men go into a quarry, and come out again, one laden with treasures, the other complaining of the geological poverty of the quarry. But the poverty was in the man and not in the quarry. He lr.ck«d the trained eye, and therefore failed to find a harvest. Kant says j "Treat no man merely as a means. Regard each man as an end in himself." What a revolution would follow obedience to that | law! What measures it would take out of our conduct! What overflowing merciful ness, what solicitous carefulness, what | prayer, what faith, and energy it would put j into our service! Instead of regarding man as the mean® of putting money into the purse, or gratifications into our heart, we j should ask what is God's ideal of each man, I and set ourselves to co- operate with Him in attaining it. Thoreau exclaimed, "Every man is a revelation to me." Christ carries His workers further, and they say, "Every man is a harvest field, and away I go that I may reap him for God." V. Moreover, Jesus supplies a sketch of methods of Fervice for the guidance of His followers. Of course, it is given in Oriental imagery, but its meaning is so clear that it ought not to be difficult to translate it into the language of the street. So rendered, it i begins with "Heal the sick." [Minister to' the actual and fell needs of men. Begin with the body. Start where you can be of immediate use. Remember, life has a physi cal basis, and it is a false spirituality which treats men as though they were out of the body and unaffected by their social environ ment. Begin where you will be understo«>d. Put medical missions first. "Heal" and then "say." Give service and then ser mons. Confer some real help in makir.g man better-better in body, in mind, in condition and character, and then you may talk out of a full heart to a receptive soul. Jesus did and then talked, ana we had better follow His example if we mean to succeed in the highest service of man. The indomitable Gilmour, of Mongolia, wrote:-"Tn the shape of converts I have Been no result. I have not, as far as I am aware, seen anyone who even wanted be a Christian, but by healing their diseases I bare bad opportunities to tell manv of Jesus, the Great Physician." Wc have still whole realms to fill with this service of man. Sympathetic social service holds a high place in the method of Jesus. For where are these men to go? To the synagogue? It was the dwdlingplace of prejudice, and hardness of heart. To the temple? No, its rulers would reject them. Their place of service was the home, and their ministry was at the fireside. The organ through which divine ideas nrgbt most gwiftly and securrly pain an entrance into the minds of men to that of the home. In the free, frank, and homely atmosphere of social in tercourse they would discover the most favourable conditions for their work. When Christian men and women understand and practise this method, the* service of humanity will be increased a million fold. It goes for nothing for us to gather dp our robes of panetity, and, standing wart from the actual life of our fellows, hurl at them our maledictions, or utter our warnings. Win their trust, get their confidence, go into the when jou have around you the air of homeliness, of love, and trust, of uaue^. mm - tbir (virtue^ the energy-of it, will flow forth ; from you for the enriching of the whole I family. I Serve men, Bays Christ, in fall riew of the : solemn and grave issues of life. Men make : or mar their fellows. Life is a subtle and mysterious interflow of forces. There is no . thing trivial in human existence. The re . jection of a human message may be the be , ginning of the decline and fall of a city, ; even of a Capernaum, exalted to heaven ' though it be; and the acceptance of the frail : speech of a brother may open the door of , the soul to the Advent of God. ! Shall we not-all, young and old alike, give ! ourselves to this service of man with the prayer in our heart, Master, Saviour,: teach, inspire, and use in Thy way, so j : that we may fulfil that which is still be lieved of Thy purposed work for the re . demption of mankind!' 