SXt TIME W HA$BT9BST. -Wxitteu IBy Fred C. ISmale. (From "JSkiidk and USTflte.") One 3Mng the church going portion Of Coomfbe Errol felt an unmixed bles sisig that sultry evening-the Vicar himself was to preach. fFo sit and ©welter tsleqpily ito the dronings of w ;,at irreverent Mr. fBaxsmett called "a padding-tfaced curate*" was 'beyond Ciiiistiaai foictoeadaaiee. The congre gation twouCd: have been; sparse Indeed h:i l the preacher "bee® other ttoa the Bi-verenft Edward VUIegaide, -who was to point out 'the errors (surely ft w!) in ttoe sianple -ways of 'these good folk. * . The Reverend 'Edhvard Shad not ai " v :i ys been a He iiad do b ».vays "been even a good wtw ; ne would tell you so. fflte olften did te3i his congregations so, .even $n ihas^ser mons. He had tan eloquence atooye the ecclesiastical average, and wonia o easionaHy paint a sanfcer «f such abhorenst ;type as to freeze the Wow or" listeners- Then he would pause ex n lively before murmuring in jus tit'epest tones, and -with his most effec tive quiver : "Brethren, I was once s .eh a> man." The effect iwa® anvari aliiy startling, particularly on v si tors, who were airiprepared. Kjym d ubbed their vicar " sensational and «. stagey,"' 1*at the more reverent anag ority, especiaJly the ismpres^onaible ®e 111 lie portion, denounced as <blasphem "afa^erences of -this sort to co* lieetioni with those snowy locks and d iruified patrician features In «the shadow of ^he organ-loft eat Mr Jonas <3rood, painter, glazier, aud most f&ithMly; devoted; of chur^i ?ft irdens. He was -relating to a nei^h b 'r in a rigditeous aindertane, an in cident that toad Occurred on 'his way to chutfdh. On entering the fieM^path tint Conned a short cut tErom the town, he had Ibecome aware df a n;::n seated on .the stile ait <thie other er.J. He noticed, oai drawing mea®er, tl-jt the man's attire could not toe cobi B. acred extravagantly smart, nor eve*\ i* sneofcaible. ImcHeed ejt iwas Tagged, au;d bore evidences of (having been col ic** ed 'from various dust-heaps, tie a'*o noticed-and 'his voice weia-nsigii broke aJbove .the .husky wtaeper ast «xe as louaid&Qg; Jtaiet-sfchat itihe vaguant was smoking aj common day-pipe, and dar ty a.ndi ?aThraent at that . 0e wore a battered felt hat of varied .tints, cocfc ed jauntily over one eye, Shading Ms »itura*Ly sw<aiiBhy features-not al together tadliy-'fbrmed, *>Y «*« tl.ouafh this circumstance was hoc de tailed. S 'heavy, (b&ack; nnonstaciie, issued anfl shapeless, overhung a pro minent chin^ wMcto, in turn, over a gflSisy expanse of once fcuack frock ooat, fastea^<^ly the ciiest with <a pieee of 'boot lace. tGwsait lv scaandalised as Mr. lOrood was ait beholding (this appaottoa almost iu the sacred precincte, toe fiv-tber shocked! at 'bang addressed) by it. To be seen holding conv<^ si«ch a soaneertW by any of his feliorw m oinbers would eeciouslsy coo^oimiee S. tSothatwhen taae^g^ aaid in sonorous ioaies, and wittli a not uneultivatedi tacoenft: .'Excuse me, but cam you name oif 4h© rector or vicar of «us rf arch (the .churchwarden gasped' a tZ tefon- «®lyu« coiaooes wWchi he liuped-woiMi abasa Ms anceremoiMOUiS questioner. "Tlie iBieverend1 ®d!watd Vil'^cgaxde Is our vicar." , . ..Alt!" sighed the scarecrow thoeuigM fti'.Iy, (there was a woild of aneain in r la the ejacitSaition!. "And does the old! boy preach toim eelf or leave it to one osf the journey in n ?w be cointinued ®fter a d"ril« Wblob SMr. Orooa Bearohea vfliDlv tfor an opening toi pass. Y «i vicar preaches this evening kludly allow one to pass," he answered ^ Th® stranger laughed, and lazily moving off ids perch allowed Ids' «n wULing informant to bounce angrily over the stile. Then toe eailled after the metreaitiiig; ffignre : -'All (right, ^gov-nor ! IH ^ook in InlC-time and see the show." Phis was ithe incident that Mir OMOfl gt* 4 .exceeding warm and1 eoamewhat rnSledr related' in the sympathetic ear of hie friend. Th© worthy draiteb arder" e&fM; down by degrees in i}*e rj£ part tto« service i but ®s the Psalms 'began & renewed flhriai of in dignajtion ran through Jimi, T!be ob ject of jfois denuniciaJionu thaviu& gue cessfuUy dodged tlie verger, was stroll ing caielessly down the 'central aisle, fife seated himself a few rows back from Jthe pnlpit, in all the glory of greasy clothes and shiny seams. The stranger had. Isept his promise to 4ioi>ic in <8ut AiaSf-time." The whole congregation quivered as though connected with a galvanic flxit .tery. The impudent "?cadger" had act ually appropriated the pew rented by tSir linger Barker, .the 4ord of the man or, 'that was inTdrimbly empty during evening service. The reader and Jlis tfwo assistants (held <a hasty consulta tion (behind the font, and decided to leave matters alone father than di& 'tuiJb the service (by at tempting to oust the intruder. .So (the stranger was left in peate, and <gradnaMy rthe ruffled flock res umed it® normal condition, "While the man 'behaved in a wanner aitogethei exemplary. He was observed to pay special attention when tihe vicar enter ed the pulpit. His evident eagerness to drink every word of .the pastor's discourse mollified many. Mr. Crood himself began to think -that possibly the raganmffin's presence was, after a<H, something of a tribute to the vicar's eloquence, w'liose fame might have reached the ears of even this miserable outcast. Those wflio had a view of the man's face, however, ob served a strangely -mocking expression that scarce bore out itliis theory. The last ihymn having been «ii.ng the congregation was dismissed. The stranger !had vanished as unexpectedly as lie had appeared. He vhad glided through one of the side doom during half minute of orthodox silence r "the benediction, and was seen no more for the time. * . 14 was the vicar's custom tuffcer ser pleasant Sunday evenings to stroll in !his garden, enjoying ibis nine, while he listened to his daughter 2£Hen Singing in the drawing-room, Mrs. ViUegarde dossing meanwhile over her ^ US magazine, well away from the di'^ugfbt from the open JFrenca windows. There was also ai son, Griiv -a young-3 el±ow of eig-hteen who had oui^rown 'tiese domestic dissipations and who was genecaaiy absent on these occasions. Ma*. Villegasrde did not depart from his usual ihaibit on this par ticular even ing". The sun hat set in a crimson zuow, and the tiwiligiht was fast deetn e!D3?® ? The &ad; been &ot;, and the oool breeze from the darkening up lands brought a thousand sweet essen ces. Memories of boy ish days<-of mer rf,ro'TPs 1x1 the hayfieJd-came to the . as «he stood looking across the peaceful valley. Then kb thoughts wandteted back to 'frivolously gathered boquete of foxgloves, cuckoo flowers and: meadow-sweet, plucked jut .to be cast aiway on the dust of the homeward road ; torn finoni their fresh coo4 homes to toe trodden under foot to /witiher and die In -the cruel globe He remembered the flowers ! And I * Sharif pamg darted to Ms heart, as the low. solemn strains of the Evening Hymn fell on liis ear and the fresh young voice of this daughter rose f ,the sa<a-ed haatmouy. He saw an anguished another's face gazing pite o^y at torn. He heard ai grey-haired ***« 111111 a® the thief who aad stolen the honor olf Ihis only child. With an effort lie crushed baek the memory (that were overwhelm!^ a .strolIled towards .the little Jpate opening on the road' at tihe bot tom of his .tiny lawn. " ***£ wfhat these mnorseftfl Jh oughts T' he muttered. ""The past is dead, and the present-Hah, the pres ent as a reality. I ihave repented. Uod knowisil liave repented.. Mere self-torture is useless-nay wicked." Hoiw tranquil the night! -Even the restless (grasshoppers were becoming ?alent, and the occasional rising aT1<| faUing drone »f some (belated bee bujfc added to itjhe stiHne?ss. k Nine ' te ' 'He must go in : sap Mr wouM toe ready, mem was stffl ptayaaig-Hfor 2iSs enjoyment. Dear JE1 ^ k. i^mr3 too ; brave iboy. Horw =ike Ihe was growing to what Ills father ?^L°nle w'hen~fcush J One look more lotmi the road-quite deserted eh *> quite. He could discerm a solitary figure : a man, tall and slight fust such «a dSgnre as- -he was thirty fears ago-aih, thirty years ago. O tieaiyens ! why did these memories tor ment him .to^night ? (How. cold it iT?i.a3l,at once 1 ^ the warm room* tbe aoring hearts the happy present, where naught could- mar the tramq\ui evening- of his- life. tLnd the vicar of "Coomlbe (Erroi turned towards the house. But ere lie had tfaken half a. dozen stepts toe was arrested by (the deep vol*® ci a rnan cabling fbim ai the gate. Startled from hie painful restrospeet, he turned quickly. There was stiM light enough to enable hiim to recognise In the speaker the man lie had noticed in the Barker pew during his sermon. "Well, what do you want ?" asked ihe vicar, in a tone chat lacked 5iis usual gentleness. "X have nothing to give." he added. "Ah, I might hare expected such a charitable reception. .Worthy preach er, your precepts and your practice clash -a not uncommon state otf things in tl is -wicked world," was the cool reply. "Sir, you are Impertinent ; I wish you good-night," answered the vicar, once more turning . i "Stay," said the^other more sternly, dropping his somewhat flippant man ner. f'You hasten to ref use me youi paltry c!harity before it is asked ; ftwii yon 'were once only too ready with your accursed gifts." 'What do you mean ?" asked the indignant and astonished vicar. <Do you remember Mary Hartford"' -Villegarde her name should have been," was tflie man's reply, in a tone low and distinct. And a«$ he spoke the breeze seemed 'to spring up suddenly for ai moment, and then as quicklj to die away, as thon^a -Xatnixe breath - I ed a sigh for the ueath of a snail's; happiness. j The Keveiend tEdward Villegarde had staggered back against the trunk of a cypress, and was <£atcMog vainly at *the air. ( iiloD, demon ! wilio are you you come to rend any soul T he hoars ely whispered at last. 'Tour son-your's and Maiy Hart fordrs," was the answer, which all unexpected tihough it was, yet produe-1 I ed -no noticeable effect on the half bennimlbed senses of the toroken man who stood leaning against the tree trunk audi breathing heavily. His hat had fallen off, and hi® Ibowed white head, 'his sroms hanging: nervelessly at his slides, and iiis -wlliole attitude toe spoke the agony of ttiis despair. TJiere was aleace for a few minutes, broken only Iby the music from, witluu, and then slowly raising his gaze to the man who stood regarding1 .hi in with a pitiless smile, the vicar csaid in hollow voice ; *'You-you-her son !" *1And yours, worthy pastor, always remember that." *®u,t let one think." said -the viear. passing Ms hand wearily over his fore tiead. She had a child, I know, bw X died. {She told me so." 'XWi, no, it didn't, good sir, it lived cill nolw at any asatfe. Bah ! to iht ievil »with this nonsense. I nevei ? fcnew until a: onontUi ago who was inv father, iily mother was truer to JOB chan you deserved, and never revealed the name of him to whom, she owed' so much"-this to a iritter tone-"that is. not tiM, as I say, a month ago, ''when she died. O, .don't start, holy man. [ Ho'vv can the death <olf sucfli a poor iost creature affect you 'i She died, Irai | uot before she liad written to me in America, telling me what I had desired > so much to know, and now, like a dutj * | fill son, I have come to pay mv -res i pecSs.** r "What do yom want of me ? "Wthat flni 'X -to do-fco say ?' asked the vlcai*, tn a low crushed tone. I 'What a question !" airily rejoined the young miaou reverting somewhat fco iiis former (manner. "Oonsadezlng you iiave already done so much, I have5 been toleralbly 'well educated;*!© thanks ?° you. In 'fact I have dived as I wa® 'boru^-without the benefit of clergy. C have towelled under varied cireum" stances and disguises! when neeesss-' ary. I may mention as being perfiiaips a recommendation in-your eyes, that J have even taken orders-in & Montana whiskey-bar, where X once served . 1 iave been various things, and, in con* j1uss<m^" said the Granger, clenching ais teeth, "I want a thousand' pounds town and my passage paidi to A<usstta aa. These are any terims, and. if tiiev ire granted, I'dl answer for at that you shall never see my face again, except when you flook an fbe glass, by the way. C&FyOfur; phozogs are mot unlike." - i y<m as& Impossible, I should be rained," answered* the vicar n the same low weaiy. tones.. "Be sides," he went osa more loudly lake a toying <9; conTioic^ Mna^i of -what .he knows is fatDse^ ".how aim I to know that your story ds true ? ,You may -have <pidked up all ttifs from someone else-no, jit is Sanpossibiie in any case i1bat I should grant your terms. .It would mean utter ruin," he concluded, atocuptty. ' "Ruin. ruin!'' regaled the oilier. "Listen, ye |?ods, to the man who. ruin ed " "Hush!" exclaimed* ifthe terrified vicar. "Audi why should I liush ?" cried the man in loud, excited' tones. "Ooitse you, d<o yon think I would come here to ask you for these, my rights though t consider (them, were dt not «that it would start me in a new life far en ough from you, who placed a blight ; upon me (before I was born ?" "Be silent, I say, for heaven's sake -my wife, my daughter, -tiuey will hear you," came the agonised en treaty . The music ihad ceased . "Papa, papa! where are you ?" cried a girlish voice under jflie veran dah. "All, and you complain <jf (my want of proof, dio you, fond- parent ? .Well, we will see what proof your wife and daughter require," said' the-man with determination, 'lighfty vaulting- the locked gate. ".Xo, no!" exclaimed rthe vicar in wiud' terror, "catching him -by the arm, "not (that, have inereyt, ithink; I will do anything, give yon anything-only let me have stSane." "You promise," said tlhe other, un lnovaMy. "Yesu" gasped the vicar a® lie heard Hie now alaonmed voice of Ills' daugMer again easing. "Wfhen and where?" "Here, to-morrow morning albout aigliit-no, nine; mow go-in mercy go." "Enougii! but do no* ajfctemptito de ceive me," was the warning response, and wMsh. an agile leap, the dread visi tor disappeared into the darkness. ES&en; VftHegaxde 'had iheard the How, agitated voice of iter father, and the excited tones: of .the stranger, twit not distinctly enough -to catch) the words, and she now caane anxiously down the pai&. - 4 "Papa, what is the matter? Wiio -e it with you? Has anything ihappen ed?" she cried . "Happened! no, that is, yes^ -my. oliiud.. A man 'has been iteilMg ane a terrible etory-a story of fritter wrong," ue added with, an effort. It -was ttoo dark for the girl to see .file alteration in ther father's appear ance, but she was startled at the .>liange in Ms voice. *1 was afraid something ,had hap pened to Guy. He -told ine - toe was ioftng to drive &bat; horrid Spitfire 'back from Mr. Belhain's -yk>-niigh,t. You .yood, sympathetic dear! You feel for i ther people's troubles as t hough tihey »vere yourown." IMie vicar winced at <the words. papa, dear," continued his daughter,,, "you shouldn't. <iet -these Maigs affect you so. Mamma will be so upset.. (Come in, you are actually -remtrfing." And taking his arm caressingly, she ed him to the still open 'window. 3o£h Mrs Villegarde and lier daught er 'felt a shock such as they had not ixperaenced for many a day on ibeibold ng the vicar's drawn forehead^ and sh)y sunken features. He iooked as hough he 'had seen some g'hostJy vis i>n in the calm twilight. Checking the anxious and. alarmed lueriesi of ihis wife and daughter, Mr. v'illegarde said: "Don't ask me anything now, for leaven's sake. As I said, I have heard i terribile story. 2 shall recover pres ently, I (hope. iLet me sit here in : my old place, wShifet EClem piaysfor a ittle wliile-and1 turn- down tiie iaanp, t hurts my eyes." They obeyed him in silence and in wondering concern. <For weli-nigh a | quarter of an liour all -three sat wibh i out peaking, Ellen playing, imeahaaii ' cally and' Airs. ViJCcigairde laying to form some conjecture as to tflie cause of the shock her Jiusfaand liad evident ly received. 84ie was less uneasy as i she recalled' tew his sympaifchetic na | ture was affected J^y: woes aiotMs own. At last the vicar (heaved1 a deep sigh. | tie had made up his mind ito teM Ms I wife everything, and was about to ask i his daughter to leave them* together, when (tlieir already strained nerves wre rudely etf&rtj;'ed i>£ 4^ ^ parition of iMr Jonas Oroo^ JiatiPjs iaaid breathless, standing at the win, dow miotioiSng excitedly . \- The vicar, welcoming any respite yet fr^Hfearingithe issue, went for ward .qulcJdy,- &nd; throwing open the window his daughter had closed as they came in, said : .: ,*p3Br. Orood, what Is 4iie matter?" "Sir,, a dreadful accident; your son's hopse sun away; man stopped it; run oyer, dying."' Thus Mr. Crood, m S&spg.; . "iiy son dying. O Ood! T5hy ven geapiee lias indeed ccas down; an me jto-nsghV' exclaimed Mr. YiUegarde, stagigerin^ back. "Xo, no, sr; your sou as safe. It is tire man who stopped the horse that's dying-and wishes to ewe you," correct ed Mr. Grood hastily, far Miss Vil'e garde 'bad turned up the 'laanp, and the vicar's aspect startled Mm even in his flurried state. "I wiili come im mediately,'' said Mr VH'egasde simply. "Ellen, any hat. Eh ? O! it is on the grass. Never mind; I wiK. tie my 'handkerchief around my head. It as mot far, I im agine/' he added to Mr. Oood. "No, sir, just down tt.lie r*oad-not ten minutes away." . "Who is the man?" asked the vicar abruptly. 'Why, curiously enough, sir, it's the strange, Ixanipi&li-looking;: ehap you may have noticed in ehuneh this even ing-a. vagaboxidisli--"? "Ay, ay!" Interrupted Mr. Yivle garde, "I kaaw." He was nott surprised . It seemed perfectly natural. His mind <hadi been sofull of the "strange, trampLsli Jjook in-g chap" that the had almost expected the answer. Tire two turned «dmra the road, lit &y; a brilliant moon, and to wards a little knot of persons gather ed around a prostrate form-that of the vicar's recent visitor. Some had attempted to carry Man to a neighbour ing inn, -but Hie slightest movement produced an agony that made them de sist. Guy Villiegande was supporting on 'his knee fche head: of the injured ma n-, roughly bandaged' with a hand kerchief.. iAt a little distance stood the ,eause of ail ittoe mischief-a two year-old bay mare, fcrembtiiiiig like an aspen. Ttfie bystanders moved respect fully aside as the vicar and Crood ap proached'; fliwt many a started as he cugihit a resemblance 'between the two tmeo-a ??resemblance rendered pe culiarly striking by the handkerchiefs around theis heads. _ ,. .'Guy Vafflegaxtiie^ tmsing' up his pale face to Ms father, said : . .'/O.dad, I'm gHad' you're come! 'He rcvanjted to see you, he said, before he died"-and the boy gulped1 down a sob. . ? "He collared the anare like a brick, only the brute swerved and teew Mm tinder the wheel before she stopped erase her!" he exclainued' wildly, ut terly forgetting' 'himself for the mom ent. Then 'he broke do«wn in a storm of boyish, itearw. my boy! Has anyone gone fo,r a doctor 7" asked' the vicar.. "Yes, sfiav'* tsaid one of the men. "Tom. Burke went right away for Dr. Paynter, but I'm 'fraid'taitft no use. He was calied away; .tto Jjoyies&and.; five mile® off, just afore church, I know," # The dying man (had been listening infenifiy rto ail that passed, especially betweea the vicar and1 his son* de spite the de&thnstupor; -which was evid ently overcoming him; and a softer look came into 3iis eyes as she gazed curiously up at ,GuyT© grief-stricken face., . «rm past doctors now," he gasped; **1 believe my back's broken. I want to speak to the parson alone." "Leave us together, good) people. Guy, you can do no goOd here. (Bet ter go .to your mother and sister." said Mr, Yiileigarde, gently motioning Ms son to rtse.. Guy rose unsteadily, and the vicar 'knelt in has place .with the sufferer's head- resting against his shoulder. The man's lips mtoved, and he even tried to raise himself in tig eagerness to speak, i>ut with a groan of. agony he ijack ipio "the vicar's1 arms. They beard but ifhe word brother." "ASii you've acted like one Indeed, my poor feUon*," said Guy, tliinking he uudemtood. ' The Tisaar 4usSd his breach, aad has shoot as it rested on the ragged coat. "Ru<t don't give up," added Guy quavermgly; ^tbe doctor soefe be fewef fwad was too overcome to ooutinue the piikiMe fiction* and, abruptly turning away, he -left 'the two by themselves . The others bad moved a short dis tance away. What more natural ihaii that the pjr 'heroic sufferer should wish to breathe bis last with Jioiy woads sounding in ills' ears ? The moon had risen high by *hLs time and? shone r«I3 an rlie dying man's face, n«w ashen and: drawn:. He still Saintly murmured fiometlhing iiis gui) porter bent lower to hear. It was the word "brother." On l*ehoiding tiie grave, pitying face fclose to his own, a gleam came Into ithe wanderer's dark eyes, and he seemed to raSy. It was the last flickering of life's flame. "I shan't keep my appointment to morrow -morningi after ail, guvnor,'" he whispered. j "Perhaps it is 'lor t he best, any son," answered the vitear an a voice almost as low. "How strange, to go wit ilke this ; and be your son, too-that's queer. Well, p'raps- as you say, 'tis for the best, father." I For a brief space there was com p'ete silence isavie for ftihe isuMued murmurcng of the group hard by and fche labored breathing of the dying man himself. Then came the weird cry of ail owl in some distant woodts. A« tihougb roused by fche sound* he con tinned : "I'm gJad I didn't give you away, guv'nor. I never meant to; I only wanted a fresh start.' "Have you told anyone else ?" sak edi the viiear, Tvifih a thrill: as he realis ed how inuCih depended' f ii the reply. "No, gov'ner; inoboc V knows bat you and me." ''Thank heaven?'-^ said the vicar un der his breath, hating himiseCif for the jubilant feeling that rose -withim him: "but yc-u, my poor fellow ?" lie added. * I'm all right, gur'nor; I'm goin' home." And huif-deiiriously he began to croon a scrap of some old hymn. It was ! but for a moment, though; then the! w eak voice fluttered into a isigh and the tortured spirit passed . * _ * * * On the following- Sunday evening Coombe Errol agreed that their vicar surpassed even Mm&elf;, though he seined 131 and upset, as well he might after tfae tragic occurrence which bad taken place oat the previous Sunday. He preached on repentance, and' took for bis text the words : 4 .'While the earth reniaineith, seedtime and (harvest shall not cease." 