WELCOME SOCIAL TO THE flEV JAMES LOWE. A 800!Ai. to weconic the Rev. Jas. Lowe, who has t,ikon obavge of llio Nuiuuikxli Wesleyan Church circuit was held in the church nn Friday evening last, when there was H large attendance of members and others. Mr. Glonny, who occupied the chair ami briefly introduced the Rev. J. Lowe, Raid ho was pleased to be here, because it was a social evening. Ho was a great advocate for socials. He hoped from beginning to end all present would spend a good time, as they came to give a right hearty welcome to Mr. Lowe, and to make his stay a pleasant one. Judging l>y reports they had a good man, and he trusted they would rally round their minister and make the machinery of the church run well. Others had to speak, but the meeting did uot concern the audience as much as the speakers, but he hoped they would listen attentively, and enjoy themselves as much as thoy could. A song was then rendered by Miss Sutherland, and Mr. Campbell followed with a recitation, afterwards Miss Rotherham rendered " The Better Land." Mr. S. G. Thompson, on behalf of the local preachers, said he felt it to be a gre.it honor to liavo the opportunity to represent that body, and give a hearty welcome to Mr. Lowe. He could assure that gentleman the local preachers would be always willing and ready to help. He thought it a great privilege to help a minister, and had pleasure in assisting, and lie felt from the remarks and account;- that t he conference hud sent a good man. This circuit always left the appointment of its minister lo the conference, and was always satisfied, especially with this present appointment. Someone had said that the Wesleyan ministers should not be called clergymen, as they were not ordained as the Episcopalians. The Wesleyans called their minister anything—parson or preacher—aud lie was ton y for the disgrace of some who were episeopally ordained. It was not the laying on of hands by the bishop that was required, but that a man's heart should be tilled with the Holy Ghost, and he prayed their ministers would never become Episcopalians. Ho was one of a fourth generation of Wesleyans, aud was loyal to the back-bone, aud looked forward to being a member of the United Methodist Church. He hoped all would try and make Mr. Lowe's stay a pleasant one. They should try and remember he was only a man—not an angel—a man who would try and do his best to help them. They should cover up his faults, and give effect to his virtues. A song was then rendered by Mrs. Bennett. Mr. .TaflVay, on behalf of tlie Sunday .School, said it was the superintendent's place to welcome the Rev. Mr. Lowe. It gave him great pleasure to give Mr. Lowe a hearty welcome on behalf of the Sunday School. The Sunday School here u .'i.s not the same as in a city or large town, because this circuit was so large that it was impossible for the minister to L'ive it much of his time, but he hoped they would all help him as much as they could. Miss Robins then rendered a recitation very nicely, entitled " Beautiful Snow." Mr. John Sutherland, on behalf of the Young Peoples' Cliristian Endeavour S< iciety, had much pleasure in according Hi . and Mrs. Lowe aud family a hearty welcome, and hoped that God would bless them abundantly. The chairman then announced that Mrs. Lowo was not present on account of sickness in the family, but she would be with them later on. The Rev. Mr. Lowe, in reply, said thfit conference was a critical time with ministers, as they had such important matters to decide. He was put down for Numurkah, but had heard little about it for 12 or 13 years. But now he had heard tuch good report—how they helped their minister, and, above all, were really out-and-out loyal Methodist, as one gentleman had said, to the back- bone —he was happy to be sent here. The work of a Christian minuter was a mutual one with the people—it was to enter into a very close union—the closest in the universe. There was a great deal to ho found in God's word, and he saw a great and marvellous recognition of tlie hond between the people aud their pastor. He was expected to work like the great Greek painter, who, when asked why he took so much trouble and pains with his work, said he worked for eternity—his wuiks would be left behind him. He ctune with the feeling that his work was to bo successful, that it would be so, though, depended on the help of the people. He did not know that he was luzy, but it was a good job he was not fat. He felt sympathy with fat people, especially in the northern parts. Sydney Smith had said it would be grand if a man could take off his flesh and At in hit hones, but he (the speaker) would not care to do it, he would have to take off f,uch a lot. He quite endorsed Mr. (Denny's remarks—that the church should be more home-like. The people in England and Scotland spent a great deal of their time within their homes, at tlie tiie- side, but the climate there had a lot to do with that. Here it was so hot that we longed to go out, while in the old country eight months of the year were somewhat cold. It was the homes that caused the grand physique of those men who were the admiration of the world. Many men spent too little time at home, resultant sometimes on their occupying positions on the shire imards or other philanthropic bodies, and this was detrimental to their children. The father should spend, at least, two nights a week at home to form tlie characters of his children. He was the law-giver and the teacher instructed by God to look after the children, who, if they had no due respect for their earthly father, would h ave none for their Heavenly Father. People had no reason to go to the racecourse for their recreation when they could enjoy themselves socially. He was not a good hand with the pick and shovel, hut with the assistance of a number of young people, in four or fire weeks he formed the best tenuis-court in St. Arnaud, thus the time was spent very pleasantly when it might have been spent in an unthinking way in other, possibly, useless ways. He had got to look }»atriarchal and benevolent, but thought the young men would not have so much of his time as he would like. He would do all he could for the church, as he considered the circuit first and the district afterwards. In responding to the hearty welcome, lie was pleased when he came, as lie found the people were most kind and sympathetic. He hoped they would not wear out the welcome because he had not foine to win their admiration, but to do the will of the Lord. He wanted the ladies to welcome him at all times—even on washing day. He would visit them somehow—he had a way of going round the back and finding his way in. He was a plain man and would take the people the same way, and did not want to be welcomed in the "society" way—four o'clock tea, etc. When visiting he took the people as he found them, and would try and do them good. He generally saw the wife, as the husband could not always be home, but he would like to meet them altogether. They should give a minister a good reputation before the children, as they took their cues from their parents. Persons had gone to him and asked him to say a few words to their son, of whom they had lost control. In such a crisis how could he help if they had been indiscreet enough to lower his ability and reputation to their children ? He hoped to have the blessing of God and to be able to say- God has glorified the whole way through. Mr. Glenny, on behalf of those in terested in the catacumen class, had much pleasure in wdeoming Mr. Lowe, The class was held every Wednesday afternoon at four o'clock in the Weslcyau school-room, aud was very useful in building up the characters of tlie boys and girls. He trusted all parents would send their children to this class, which was conducted by Miss Scott, while the Rev. Jas. Lowe would be willing to assist: After an anthem by the choir, and the Benediction being pronounced by Tlie Rev. Jas. Lowe, an adjournment was made to the school-room, where refresh incuts were freely handed round and much appreciated. Judging by the warm welcome Mr. Lowe received from all, hd minuses to become as popular in Numur-| [:ah as lie was in St. Aruaud. 'j 