Chaftee. XXDL— The Fibst LraK is the Chain. It was between teu and eleven o'clock at night and the night watchman was again seated within his snug little domicile, con suming his frugal repast. He was Bitting be side the small table folly dressed, as he had just come in from bis solitary round. His old soft hat was pushed back from his brow, about which a tangled mass of iron-gray hair hung ; be had not even removed the big coat which he had donned some hours earlier in the evening ; his strong, heavily-eoled boots werestained with patches ofblackmnd;and the eyes that burned brightly behind his blue spectacles had in them something which told of a mind plunged in speculation. The door of the but was standing half-open, and through the doorway the bright glow of the oil lamp shot a broad ray of light into the outer blackness of the silent Moss and adjacent colliery. Suddenly Adam Bannister's head was raised alertly and he ceased munching ing his chunk of bread and cheese. A foot fall had come to him out of the tilence, and he was waiting to eee who came. He did not stir, and he quietly resumed hia meal. Then the footstaps were heard again on the moments later a man's form waa framed in the doorway. It was Levi Blackshaw, well attired, sharp of eye, euave-tongued, smooth faced, and inquisitive as usual. ' Good-night, my man,' Blackshaw cried pleasantly as he took a step forward, 'And so you are the new watchman, are you ?' ' Ah reckon ah am, mester,' was the bearded man's response, and hi: voice had harsher and harder notes in than when he ad dressed Lattice Forrester earlier in the even* ing, ' Ah felt jus' a bit 'cowd' wi' trampin' through th' damp an' weet, an' ab tbowt a bit o' a snap an' a diop o' wenn tay would liven ' 1 daresay it will, and Var sure I hope so, my man. By the way, I have forgotten your name. Wells told me about you, and I trust yon will stay with us longer than the last man did.' 'My name is Bannister, sir ? owd Adam Bannister, Ah s'pose you'll be th1 y'ung mester. what Mester Wells towd me abeawt !' 'That is so, Bannister. My name is BlackBuaw. I was just having a stroll round the place before turning into the Hall for rest, and when I saw your cabin door open it struck me that I might as well drop in and Lave a word or two with you, Bannister.' ' Tbanky, bit,' and the watchman's hand was jerked up to his grizzled beard. ' Things do seem to get a bit lonely lahke on th* Moss in th'imiddleo'th'neet.' ' Yes, that is so. Orsden Moss is not the liveliest of spots oo a night like this. But you will soon get used to it ; and yon will seldom be left quite alone on the Moss, you know, for there is generally a man on the brow in the engine-house. ' ' So ah reckon. Ah con drop in theer neaw an' again when I want a smook an* a chat .' 'Of course,' Levi remarked, and then, after a momentary pause, he added, ' You're a Lancashire man — £ can tell from yonr tongue, Bannister — but not an Orsden Greener, I think?' 'That's reet, Mester Black u haw,' was the ready response. 'Ah were bora an' bred op Owdham way, but when ah was a y'ung chap ah coom deawn here, an' ah lived at flindley an' lace & goodfah bit. ' You worked in the pits, I suppose ?' 'Beet yo are, mester. Ah worked i' th' pits as lad an* moo for o'er forty Var ; and when ah geet too owd for that theer soart o* wark ah had to do come'at, yo' known.' 'Of course, of course. And is thu your first visit to Orsden Green — £ mean the first time vou have ever stayed here or worked here?' 'That's so, mester. Ah'd heer'd abeant O'sden Green mony o' tahme, but ah coonut say that ah were ever here afoor t'other day when Mester Wells took me on.' 11 You would hear all about the remarkable way in wh\vh my uncle, the late Aaron Shel vocke died, I daresay ?' Blackshaw remarked. 'Well, sir, ah did hear aome'at. Ah connor read, yo' known, an' what ah did get to know abeawt it was jos' what ah heer'd toothers readin' int* peppers.' ' Well, it was strange, to say the least ; and perhaps stranger still that the former have died in a drunken fit the same night.' ' Neaw, that was strange, n the old watch man cried with some show of interest, as he finished his meal and proceeded to £11 an old day pipe with cut twist. ' But,' be added, philosophically, as he lit a scrap of paper at the fire and held it above hia blackened cutty, 'ah s'pose we a' han to gooa when eawr tehmc comes.' ' The last watchman we had,' Levi broke in, with a faint smile irradiating his dark face ' went before bis time had come. He waa an old soldier, too, and one would have thought he was afraid of neither the living nor the dead. But he did not stop rainy weeks ; was afraid of ghosts, eo I have heard some of the villagers say, and you got his chop. I hope you are not afraid of ghosts. Bannister.' 'Ghosts, eh!** the watchman cried, as he puffed noisily at his pipe. ' Not me, mester, I've a lump o' oak in't corner theer as'll shift, anythin', ah reckon.' Levi laughed aloud as bis glance followed lie sturdy old chap's finger. Then, as he buttoned his overcoat up to the throat, he said : ' Well. I'll say good-night to you Bannister, and finish my stroll. May drop in again some other night, as I often take a turn about the colliery and the Moss. Good night. ' 'Good-neet, sir. Shall be gradely fain to see yo' again anny tahme yo're this way.' Blackshaw nodded, drew hack, and went into the night, closing the door after him ? and when the patter of his feet had died aw«»y tbe watchman sprang erect and glided softly lightly, across the flags with which the small room was paved. netween the corner of the room and tbe door he paused and bent low, for a small object scintillated in the interstices of the rough flags. That glistening spot had attracted hi9 eyes for the first time some momenta before. Then be might not have seen it had not he followed Blackshaw's wandering gaze as it roamed here and there over the place. He togged at the object with bis fineere for a moment or two in vain. It was hard, smooth, of metal, and had been crashed between the HigB with Eome force as if a heavy heel had pressed it home. In an instant he had whipped oat his clasp-knife, inserted the strong blade beneath the object, and prized it forth. Then he went back and stood beneath the lamp, examining hia find. The shining article in his palm was a small disc of gold, abont the bize of a threepenny piece, and evidently a portion of a broken sleeve-link. On the opper surface was a «''tl shield, on which were graven ornately the two letters ' L.B.' On the under surface was soldered a crushed and twisted link of a thin gold chain. It had evidently been snapped from its fellow by force and a greater force still had wedged the disc between the flags. 'L.B.,' the watchman muttered lowly. ' Those are the initials of my visitor. This is a portion of the sleeve-lints Aaron Shelvocke presented to Levi Blackahaw laat Christmas. How came it here ? How long baa be been wedged in between tho.-e flags! Did be lose it here ! And was he looking for it when I canght his eye ? I will find out.' He crossed the floor again, and in a moment had pressed back the disc in its former place. Then turning down the lamp a little he went forth npon his nightly vigil. Passing the narrow flight of ateep steps by which the brow was reached, the watchman went along the waggon road beneath ths screens. As he passed a half -filled waggon he heard footsteps, saw a man's form loom op in Front of him, and again he and hia late visitor stood face to face in the semi-darkness of the place. 'Good night, Bannister. I'm just return ing,'1 cried Levi genially, as before. ' By the way, have you a match or a light ? I want a smoke, and have forgotten my match-box somewhre.' ' My lamp has gone eawt, sir,' the walch man replied; ' on* ahm jus' gooin' to th' fire- holes to leet it again. But yo'll get a leet in my cabin, Mester Blacksbaw, if yo're gooin' that way. Th' door isn't locked, sir.' ' Thanks ; good night. Am sorry to trouble you further.' They went their ways, and an hoar later Adam Bannister returned to his den. Slam ming the door, his eves glanced along the narrow space of flags. The shining spot was no longer visible. A low laugh fell plea santly from the watchman's hairy mouth* 'Good good! That is something won already. Mr. Levi Blackshaw bus found hu propertyand carried it off. That bitof gold may 