PRESENTATION TO MR- J- KIRKLAND. (from OUR ONYX UORRESl'ON USST . ) Castehton, Tuesday. On Friday evening Mr. Kfrklend, late fbtion- . matter at Cstcriou, was the recipient of a g«ld medal suitably inscribed from the Casterton Dramatic Society, and an illuminated address and a pur«e of s vere:gns from tho residents of Caslerton and ui-tnct. The Dramatic Society bad inaugurated an rnteitainmentfor the occasion to toe Mechanics' Hail, wbioh whs largely attended. The first part of the programme consisted of a concert in which Mews. Jacobs, Grlee, Kennedy and Mre. Nelson and Miss Waite sang, and Ms-rs Bothroyd and D'Amaral recited. Mr. W. IL Mitch til president of the Dramatic Society cccuped the chair and an- nounced >he vaii-ras item. The concert served to introduce two new vocalists to a Cas'er on au-Uonce. Mrs. KeUon and Mr. K- nnedy. Mr?. Krlfon is the fortunate pos sessor of a fine sopraiiO voice of considerable power aii'1 highly cultivated and when it is added lb-t she feinga with great taste and in perfect batmour, it g es wthout saying that sbc at once c-t blishrd herself a first favourite, and sang the descriptive song, "The love cbaco " with "o much effect as to be rapturously applauded, and bad o repeat the last v. rso to an undeui hie titevrc. Mr. Kennedy sang "True to ibe last," and I think it is not too much to say that, taking this effort as a specimen of bis powers geneiaily, be is one of, if net the be»t bar-toue singer we have bad on our platform ; he was also loudly applauded, and bad to re peat the last verae before the audience were satisfied to part with bim. Special mention must also > e made of Miss Waite, who was in excellent voice, and was never beard to better ! advantage. Her numbtr, "The carnivaV' WftS so well rendered that she had aUo to return to the platform, in response to a genuine encore. The other numbers by tho members of the Dramatic Society were also well rendered and duly api reciated. The accompanists were Me-- dames D'Amaral nnd Ralston and Mia Jacobs. The concert or. r, Mr. Mi ch'll announced that the nest item would be r presentation" by the members of the Dramatic S ciety to Mr. J. Kirk!a::d, the late l>'e-id-i»t of the Society, of a gold rned <). Mr. Kirkland was then ushered in by the members of the Society, who stood picturesquely grouped ou the stag0. The ap- pear<ucc of Mr. Kirklaud was 'he signal for applause from the larjie audience present, and he received quite nn ovation, and it was some Jittl-j time brfore the proreed nga could be gone on with. Thru Mr. Mitchell came for ward, nnd addressed Mr. Kirkland as iol'ows ;— Mr. Kirkland, as your successor as President of the Carterton Dramatic Society, a very pleas ing duty has devolved upon roc to-night. F«r a o -usiderable time you were an nctive member of our Society, and I am only voicing the feel ings of nur members when I say bow deeply we regretted the duty c,ll that robbed our Society and the public of one of our most popular act ing members. Our Society has prosper- d in the past, and many entertainments have been given for deserving objects to the saccess of which you largely contributed by jour willing ness at all times to undtrtake any charae'er, whether the most or the least important We always tcit soar yonr presence citncr at reuer- pal or befoic the public, we bad n tower of streugtb on the stacc, and tho sympathy of a Casterfcon nudiencs. (Applause.) Allow ms therefore, on behalf of the Society, to present you wicli this gold ined-d inscribed as a token of regard and tstecm by the member to tbe:r lute President. Although of no great in' rinsic v.ilue, believe mc it carries with it the true ling cf good-fellowship, and reflects in sincerity tho good wishes of os all for yours and yonr family's prosperity nnd future welfare. (Ap plause.) Mr. Kirkland replied. Mr. President and ladies r«nd gentlemen of the Dramatic Society, — Accept ray s:nccrc thanks for 'he kindness ever received nt your hands, -and my heartfelt gratitude for the tok>-n of good-fellowship that you have presented me with this evening, and for »he frelmg tint has prompted the same. I have indeed »pcut n-auy pleasant hours in your compxuy. If ever my efforts have been of service to you, or hrdprd your success, I caanot forget, m r riiouM I brre fail to stnte, that to tic ex im'ple to- me by tho old established mem bers I principally owe the privilege of having he 11 able to eo assist. Till I nine to Casterton I Lad never doue any work of the kind before, and therefore I c.innot forget how much I owe for the .nssistauce so kindly g'ven me by the old member?. M<s. 6tewarf, Mva. Gyles, Miss Jaoic?, Mr. Jacobs, Mr. Gylts, and in fact all the members, not forgetting your most capable manager, Mr.D'Aui")ral, who has so successfully piloted us through many arduous undertakings. (Applause.) I repeat my sincere thank? for this token of your regard, which I ehall always treasure, as it will cvir remind me of your kindness and of the tunny pleasant hours I paBsrd in your society. (Applause.) Mr. M tchvll then addressed the audience, and said — My part in the programme is new finished, but tho CTcnt of the evening is to c »mp, viz., a presentation to Mr. Kirkland from the public. I have to apologise for the absence of the Chairman of the publ c committee, Mr. A. 32. Smith, who whs called away on urgent business, and also to express bis regret, which you all share with roe, that the bcno.ary secretary, Mr. 11. C. Miller, cinn<-t be present, being confined to his Lous: by a serious il'nev. However, Dr. Smith, cur woribv townsman, h >5 kindly consented to act as chairman, nnd Mr. Miller has deputed Mr. D'Atnaral ti act in his stead. I therefore now hnvc the pleasure of introducing Dr. Smith, av.dl.ave the further proceedings iu his hands Dr. bmttli, whi w.is received with loud ap plause, then took the chair. Mr. D'Amaral read the public address (a , handsomely illuminated ad.iress, beautifully hu'thed and frame i) as follows : — Tc Jfii. J. Kuzklaxd, late Station-master at Casterton. Dear Sir,—' We, residents of the district of Cas lerton, in which you have resided for five years, cannot allow yoa to depart from amongst us with out giving expression to the deep feeling of regret with which we regard your removal, neither would it be riht that you should fail to have some evi dence of the exceeding high estimation iu which you are held by all classes cf the com munity. In your public capacity yoa have deservedly earned reputation for zval and courtesy, while as a citizen your best services have been uu- gnidir gly given wherever a good cause has raised a claim. The Dramatic Society, the Cricket Club, and religious connections of every denomination, w ill miss your talented efforts, and in a word we recognise the fact that your place in »ur midst will he exceedingly hard to fill. We are glad to know that your removal is to yourself a well -earned step to promotion. Wishing yourself, wife, and family long life and happiness, — We are, dear sir, yours truly (here followed upwards of sixty names cigned at foot), — A. E. Shith, Chairman of Public Committee. Eodert C. Miller, Honorary Secre tary. Dr. Smith then rose and said : Mr. Kirkland aod ladies and gentlemen, I am occupying my present position somewhat unexpectedly. Mr. A. E. Smith, the President of the Public Com mittee, was to have been here, but not being able to attend I have taken bis place. I cannot help feeling that there is a considerable element of sadness in all such meetings when we come to say good-bye <o our friend?. Mr. Kirkland has lived long with ua, we have known bim well and appreciated him, and now be is going to leave os, or, rather, I should 6ay be has gone, for so fur as the life of C<stei ton is concerned oar friend is defunct. It is tree lbat he is with us to-night, but it is only as a ghost who comes again to re-vi-it the glimpses of the moon " — a tolerably substmtial ore, I admit — (laughter) — but still merely awaiting the sounding of a cer ain hour upon the clock to vanish silently away. I feel therefore, as if in some sense I were pronouncing a fuortal oration. Now, if a man a«tcnd«feuch a Junction be mu-t expect to hear himself spoken about, and I bops the gbost of Mr. Kirkland will permit me. to ray a few words about our departed friend. (Laughter). Many years «go I was oil one occasion in the library of Sir Ht ury AcTaud, at Oxford. On the mantcl-sbelf I saw a pirtrait of a friend. It was framed, aud on the frame were inscribed Unee words, "Artist, Gentleman, Christian." The cpit'pb was so bcaut'ful that it has lingeied in iuv mero -ry, ami has been specially present t--nigbt, for I fori thai by changing (he first term to correspond with the occupation of our friend we may ju?tly attach the sam? cpitnph to the pnrirsit of him, which we shall tbis night bang upon tbe walls cf memory. (L«ud applause.) In hs capacity as a member if the railway staff as a member of various societies, as n public man generally, as a private citizen he had done his duty well and pleasantly, and has in cousequi-ucc secured tuat esteem and regard, which such a liue of couduct 'ensuies. ' (Applause..) Tbero is one point on which Mr. Kirkland is specially strong and that is in bis peculiar freedom from "buts." How these 44 bats " stick out tco frequency upon the sur face of ourfrieods and acquaintances aud spoil their symmetry ! How often have we to say, not I hope to tho worl?, but to our inmrselres when Eummirg up character, " Yes, asplehdid fellow, generous and upright, but — — ! and then follows something unpleasant. Now I do not suppose that our friend is altogether free f om these little excrescVnc?s, but he has kept them eo wellTolibed down that they are not ob trusive, and, therefore, do hot spoil tb&t; EDioo'h'iiss of outline which is so pie saut a thins to ste. (Applause.) I feel stiongly, and I am not aloi.e in f e-ing it, that a man who dt.es bis work and lives fiis life as to le.kve behind him such feelioge as Mr. Kirklar.d has inspired, does more to advance tbe welfare of the district and of the world at large than one who spends thousands in adver- fiiing himself Aud'izi&kiPghis; name thereby re sound. j (Loud and tcontinued applause.) I could say nr-re, much more, hut there are limits to the pa'ience even of a ghost, and I will conclude by asking yon (Mr. Kirkland) to accept this address and this pur-e of sovereigns, which are the#jU>ontDeousrand ripcere«epesr i eions of thB fe(ffirigs: which sre ehfcrfcilbed to- 1 warfls you by theipnbiic ofGasterton »d djs-. ' (riot In thrir rianie I shake yoii by tbe hand, j ' and in their DhinVIisb a h-aitj Cod-.«pee io J you and yoare. (Cot'd «nd couliiiued up- 1' plAPe.) I Mt.- Falkland, who vundUj dfdAol atAs warm reception accofded hini, replied": — Dr. Smith, ladles and gentlemen.--It only rrmuos in my power to tender yon ' my sincere thsnks for wbe kiudnew ever received at yonr hands fi? the kindness extended to my familyfrom.the time of our anival tp the hour of our departure firiim Gaderion to ejqpreu my heartfelt gratitede.for fhe/bandsomeuti- xnooiilVr.KntedaaS for the further practical form which your fiiepship has assumed ia tho shape of the substantial present I now holdth my hand. Valuable as all this is aod accept ; able as it must b?, let -me assure you that the feelings which have prompted it are of a : thousandfold greater -value - to me. Xt must ever be pleasant to find that one has 'succeeded in winning the respect of one's fellow-creatures, and this is no assmance-to me that I have made an effort to do that. Still what have X' dona ? You have been pleased to observe- that I carried ou- my official duties in a ccuiteous manner J even m, that does not entitle me to .any special reward. The department by which I amemployed expects its officers to carry out their daties in a courteous and -obliging manner, to foster as far as possible a good feeling between the de partment and its client to make the business transactions as agreeable as possible to their mutual benefit, and you as equal shareholders i surely have a right to expect such treatment fat ' the bands of those to whom you have entrusted the care of your property. (Applause.) Re ferring to ser\ioes resdncd to other, objects, I take it that every individual should surely live for something more than one's little ss3f, and in rendering these services I recognise the fact that many others behind the scenes have done much more than ever rested in my power to do, who have perhaps been practically unknown while I have enjoyed the privilege of appearing promi nently before you. Again I thank yon all on behalf of my wife, my family,' sad myself for the kindness and liberality you showered upon ns. (Continued applause.) Those on the stage and the andience all joined to singing Auld long syne," and this p«rt of the | rogiamme closed. Mrs. D'Afnaral and Miss Watson played a duet, " The witches' flight,"' which was received with applauBe. The enter tainment concluded with the drama, in one act, " Love in humble life." This is a very powerful little drama for a smil cast, Mr. Kirkland played Kouslaus, tbe honest soldier ; Mr. M'Bjan, CarJitz, a pest boy; Mr. D'Amaral, Brandt, a countiy waiter; and Miss Jaroe, Christine, the heroine. Many as .are the parts Mr. XirkUnd has feQocessfulJy pourtnyed be has not been seen to greater advantage than on this occasion, he quite excelled him&c-lf.; The eaine xpj liet to Miss Ji«m' s aod Mr. M'Bean, all leading parts, white Mr. D'Am&ral; fulfilled all the requirements of Ihn small part of the country bumpkiD. /The audience fully appre ciated this well written and highly interesting little di&ma.; 