THE SIGHT SORT. A HuBtiBg Ronianfce. (By Mrs. Edward Kennard.) CHAPTER XX.-KContinued.) I' vGet away, my good soul, don't you see yon ere bothering the lady,' said Golonel Clinker, fearing she might annoy the girL 'NoJ,!,' answered she -watltintrusive confi dence. 'The lady has a good kind heart of her own behind thai sroeet face, but the poor gipsy can see -what's in it. There are clouds, and darknesses,, and crossings, but the fair gentleman with the blue eyes stands out clear among them alL The end will be marriage. Oh, yes, the poor gipsy woman knows.' 'For heaven's sake let us come,' said Kate, turning suddenly scarlet, and snatching her band away from the other's-detaining grasp. -'I never listened to .such nonsense in my life.'. : 'Nonsense, is it?' called the woman after them indignantly. . 'The fair .gentleman's eyes are full of love. He does not call what I say nonsense, at any rate.' : ?.. 'How horribly vulgar these 'people are to be sure,' said Kate, feeling intensely exas Iperated at what she chose to consider the gip sy's Impertinence. ' 'Never mind,'V eaid her companion, with suppressed emotion. . 'Don't allow yourself to ?be annoyed at her forecasts. Come with me and have a look at the fences instead, or you will_,be running out of the course, . which [would ne\sr do.' Shp felt grateful to him for covering h*er confusion, and incensed with herself for hav ing displayed any. What a poor weak fool plie was, to be isure! Had Mr. M'Grath been her companion, the woman's prophecies would have produced no further impression than the ordinary clap-trap jargon of the profession. All she could hope was that Colonel Clinker did not attribute her vexation. ;j£o its right cause. They started together on a tour of in spection, followed by Mary Whitbread and Sir.' Grahame. Colonel Clinker, on whose shoulders the entire management had fallen, I had spared neither time nor trouble in render I ing. the course as perfect as possible. It was I beautifully, marked out with rows of little I white flags, placed at such close distances that I It looked next to Impossible for the riders to make any wrong detour, while the run-in was I corded on either side with stout ropes, leading in a direct line to the winning post, which: stood up, tall and unmistakable, close to the I judge's improvised box. I Starting at the farthest end of a large grass I field, in: full view of the assembled eompany, I the course first led somewhat uphill over very I severe ridge, and furrow, at the top. of which I a good honest fence with a ditch : and low I guard rail on the take-off side barred the- en I try into the opposite field, which, though big I ger in dimensions, was far more level and I very sound going. After this it ran across a . I sticky ploughed enclosure, which Colonel Clin I ker had not been able to avoid; then over a I small double, leading once more into grass, I and later on, in and out a road carefully laid I with tan. A. rather sudden turn to the right I here revealed the water-jump. This was a I small natural brook, or rather— so steep and I ?crumbling were its banks — a species of gully, I with bushed-up hurdles, set in a slanting di I lection leaning over it, and the whole width I could not have measured much more than ten or twelve feet across. Any ordinary hunter ought with ease to clear such an obstacle in his stride; but Colonel Clinker had purposely I refrained from making it larger, actuated by all sorts of visions of dripping female forms and broken backs. After the water-jump came three or four' more fair flying fences that each required a bit of doing without be ing very, formidable. These completed a I good-sized ring, and the last obstruction [ would land the competitors in the same .field np whose slopes they had started. Altogether St looked a good fair course, such as no ani mal used to following hounds should find difficulty to encompass. Kate and Colonel I Clinker carefully criticised each fences choos I ing beforehand the best spot for jumping, and I this was the verdict they unanimously, pro nounced** ;The ground also was in beautiful I order, neither too hard nor yet too deep. As they walked round together Colonel Clinker proceeded to give Kate a variety of advice as to what she should and and what she should not do in the forthcoming trace, all of which she listened to most attentively, and deter mined on following to the best of her ability. 'Directly the flag drops, Miss Brewser,' eaid he, 'be sure and let your horse have his ! head. A good start in a three mile race is not of such paramount importance as in a five furlong scramble, still it is by no means to be I despised. There's nothing like beginning welL It gives a horse confidence in his rider, and tells him he means going. But directly you get on to the ridge- and-furrow take a good pull and make King Olaf go well within himself. Never mind being last of the wJaole' lot, especially if you only feel yourself to be so on sufferance, and can regain your lost po sition at any moment you please. Nothing takes so much out of a horse as pushing him fast up an incline at starting, before he 'has warmed to his work and got his pipes all clear. . Steady him at the first fence; the chances are he will want to rush, and might overjump himself in Ms eagerness. Very probably you may find by then that you have the legs of most of your companions, but don't j on any account force the running so early in the day. Don't bustle King Olaf until you get fairly through the plough. If, after that, I he is still going strong and well and pulling I tolerably hard, you may 'begin to forge ahead I a bit. Remember up to ilus point you have I to ride a waiting race, and let anyone else I lead the way who likes. Drop your hands [ when you come to the double, and whatever you ~o don't go too fast at it. Give King Olaf a full opportunity of understanding what is before him. It's the nastiest fence of the I lot, and the only one I'm at alL afraid of, par | ticularly with an impetuous horse. The same rule applies equally to the jumps at the road; take them steadily. Horses often jump the fence put carelessly, so be on your guard. So far we have brought you along capitally. Take a good firm hold of his head, and set lung Olaf just as fast as you please at the water-jump.^ . He'll clear it by yards I- know beforehand, but, if you can remember, keep close, to tiie white flag on your bright ; The I banks there are both narrower and firmer than in any other place; besides you get the in side turn, and will gain several lengths by eo doing. And now send your horse along in f downright earnest. Nine-tenths of amateur riders throw .away the race by waiting too long and not coming eoon enough. Then they get flurried, lose 'their heads, and all is over with their chance of winning. By this time the riff-raff will either have tailed off or come to grief; anyhow, you will know pretty well which are your most dangerous remain ing opponents. If you find you have them fairly settled, come straight away over the last two fences and pas£.the post, hands down, but if it comes to a contest, keep cool and collected, and do the. best you can. I foretell a. perfect triumph to,. our party,' concluded ?the Colonel, drawing a deep breath of satis faction in anticipation «f this desired result. After a momentary pause he appeared hqw etfer to recollect it was just possible there might- exist a reverse side to the .picture, and. he added in calmer aecent&r;'Vbh the other 'hand, should any misliap 'occur— though Ifle Toutly tiSHSt not-^pt islf&idd; \ yon by anyTdumce find King Olaf is blfatjn, afior Gad's^akespnlt him up there and th^ni 3lou fcayepriddeEu a ibeafen /horse *once too ' often as it is, -and there's I no vise Jn struggling on to the end un der euch circumstance^/ And now I have given yon?eriongh. instructions to fill a small volume. t^otfi suppose when: , the 'time comes, yon will remember one-third of them.' 'JOh, yes, I hope soV' ^answered Kate, confi dently. 'But when I- ^ten' to such excel lent advice, it* really makes me feel ae if.- 1 were -obtaining a mean advantage over my ; neighbors, :and -as If f&ejy; tdo,^Sugh.t. : Eo^have' the opportunity of profiting iy it --It hardly appears --f air any adeeming eo inany valuable feuftsK':^:' : - ' ?r1J!-I';.-v- ?;-;?? ? :. ????.:?*'?.: ' ; 'Most of them don't require any aiiir Therejs Mrs. Forrester knows quite as much, if not more, than 'I do myself; Mrs. Paget, who would never understand what one wish- . ed to convey; and Miss Ealliser, who would be mortally offended by .any advice. No, I am perfectly jsatisfied, ^iidjshiall be quijte'cbii-. tent if only- my pupil.wiil.promise to obey the orders of her trainer. :. T#.e question is,'~look- ing at her somewhat anxiously, tor though as a rule his own nerve was steady as a rock, it broke down hopelessly j under the strain of the possible chapter of accidents which this race exposed Kate Brewser to, 'will she pro-' mise?' . ' 'Of course she will,' she answered readily. 'That is to say, unless circumstances over which she has no control decide otherwise, I shall ride implicitly to orders, like a six-stone nothing boy. Does that satisfy you?' 'I shan|t be really satisfied,' said he ner vously, '^until I see you and King Olaf canter ing in afiead of everything else.' 'You dreadfully5 ambitious man! And what if your pupil disappoints your expectations after all?' : ; 'She will not. I have every confidence in the ability of herself and. horse. Neverthe less, I wish to goodness the thing was well over.' ? ? She Ihad never seen him so anxious and restless, or his calm manned so disturbed. Could it be possible. that he was a. coward at heart? But no, safe knew, better. . 'What's the matter with you?' she- said; 'are you trying to make- me afraid?' ? ? 'God forbid! But I can't help it I'm horribly afraid myself.' 'And so am I,' chimed in poor Mary Whit bread, who in spite of the pleasure of Mr. Grahame's society was white as a sheet and trembling from top to toe. 'What nonsense*' said Kate lightly. 'You two talk as if you expected me to be brought back on a. stretcher. 'I beg leave to state -I have not the smallest intention of departing this life.' 'Please don't hint at such a horrible possi bilty, Kate,' said Mary, fearfully. \- 'I shall turn up again, never fear. I'm not a bit afraid, and I won't be frightened. So there!' She said these words with sues determination as to silence her companiens, while her tightly-set lips and the resolute ex pression of her countenance betokened a firm resolution not easily shaken. But now time was progressing, so they ad'- journed to the paddock, where King Olaf had just put in an appearance. Old. Stirrup walk ed by the side of the horse, and led him proud ly round and round, while ever and again his rugged face lit up with a smile of .triumph, when some such admiring remarks us, ' 'Ee's a good 'un 'ee is.' 'There goes the winner,' etc, fell upon his ear. And indeed King Olaf fully deserved the flattering enconiums heaped upon him by the public at large, for in the last three weeks Colonel Clinker had taken gz-eat -pains with his conditioning, and short as the time had been, had effected a considerable improvement in his appearance. As King Olaf walked jauntily by, swinging his tail from side to side, moving with that light springy step peculiar to him, he looked a perfect beauty, and so sleek, gentle, and docile, few would have given him credit for possessing such high courage and daring. His *mane had been carefully plaited that morning by Kate's own white and nimble little fingers, and his whole appearance was that of\ race horse. True he seemed &? trifle lighter in the barrel than he had done a month ago, but then what flesh he now carried was hard and fiim as a board, while the muscles on his strong arms and thighs could 'almost have been counted. Colonel Clinker had given him his last gallop, and knew the horse to be not 'only fit and* well -in himself, , but also in all probability (though still of course but imper fectly trained) in a far better state of condi tion than any adversary he would be called upon to meet. He entertained small fears of King OJaf, his chief anxiety being on Kate's account. He called up all sorts of imaginary dangers, and rendered himself quite miserable in their contemplation. She might fall, she might be cannoned against, she might be jumped upon, she might not be able -to hold King Olaf, she might even be dragged and killed outright. There was no end *to his anxieties, which grew in intensity as the hour drew nigh, until they became almost unbear able. 'Swear to take care of yourself,' he whis pered hi Kate's ear as she disappeared into the dressing-rdom. The color had almost for saken his cheeks and his voice trembled with emotion. 'Dear me. how timid we are to be sure!' she exclaimed flippantly, trying to resist the Impression he produced, but the evident inte rest he took in her welfare touched her in1 spite of herself, and prompted her almost in voluntarily to hold out her hand. He. grasped it warmly, and she added with a little reassuring nod — 'Au revoir, my revered pastor and master. Cast away all fear as unworthy both of us. I tell you everything will be right Your pupil has not the smallest intention of disgracing either herself or you.' And then she vanished behind the heavy folds of the red curtain concealing the door way, iand left him to think what an idiot he was, and yet how impossible it was to help being one where she was concerned. 'She's' a veritable sorceress, a witch, an en chantress, and I am her slave!' reflected Jack Clinker, as he wound hisrway to the paddock in order to superintend the saddling of King Olaf. 'I wish to God I were a rich man, I'd ask her to marry me to-morrow, not that I expect I should have the ghost of a chance. There are some women one feels sure of, but she is full of contradictions — charming one minute,' ? cfijS^ the next, made up of Variety; tantalising, sarcastic lovable, and delightful by turns, but not the sort of girl to let a fel low think she^cares two straws about him, whether she does or not. Well, for my part I like such women. Easy conquests lack piquancy, and nothing good in, this world is to be obtained without trouble, - delay, and striving. All the same, I wish she were not so damnably rich. It mak^s a man look like a fortune-hunter, and no one' gives him credit for disinterested affection. If I proposed to Miss Brewser, kind friends would say I cared only for her money. . Heigh-ho! It's un-' cftmmon hard /lines, in more ways than one, being a pauper, or* next door to it A. chap's obliged to stick to his bachelor habits^wfien' all the income he possesses barely suffices, to pay his cigar and flowefr bills, -and yet, upon my soul, I'm getting awfully sick of single blessedness!' Whilst awaiting Kate's reappearance he purchased a cardj and looking over .it found ,there were but six horses colored, 'namely, Lady Anne Birkett's brown gelding, .Hastings, ?aged, pedigree unknown; yellow and black stripes, yellow cap. Mrs. Forrester's Singing Bird, by Musician put of Lightheart; «carlet, scarlet and black cap, Mrs. PagetVs grey gelding, Duncan Grey, aged, pedigree ? un known; chocolate, pink f leeves and cap. Miss Brewser's chestnut gelding, King Olaf, by Norseman out of Ice Maiden, six years old; sky blue and gold. Mrs: Phipps's black horse, Black Anster,' aged, by Historian, dam unknown; cherry, yellow band. And Miss Palliser's bay mare, Coquette, five years, by the Beau out of Scandal. ^ (To be continued.) . 