TEEDISAPP0INT1EENT 07 L£DI 70BD7CS.' " Btdly, Arthur, it aaema quite pro vidential that yoa ahouid come home just now to' help me in this great difficulty," add Lady Fordyoe plaintively, ai aha banded her Mg bronzed atop-ion a tiny cup whloh seemed almost dletreaslngly fragile in hie brown finger*. " You always were so sensible end good." Colonel Fordyo® suppressed a smile. He had net always been a persona grata to the lady who appealed to him so tonohinglyj and ha had a vivid reoolleotlon of the days when he had been unoeremonlouily bundled out ef her ladyship's life, in order that she might be reminded as little a« possible ei his very inoonvenient exlste~oe. "Iam sure T shall bs.glad If I oan assist you," be said politely. " But don't expeot too much of me. for one thing, I have been In the East ao long that I bavelort touch of eocioty. 1 daresay I am an infant ef days compared withHoraoe." •' Oh, Horaoe 1" said Lady Fordyoa, tap ping on the dainty table with a sliver tea spoon to indioato a dramatio disappoint ment. " loan do nothing with Horaoe. He need to he treatable enough. Bat annas this mad infatuation " "Who is she?" aBkedthe Colonel, with ■oaroelj a shade ef interest in his sleepy veloe, " She is thirty five if she is a day," cried Lady Fordyoe in deep exasperation. " Thirty-five, and what is Horaoe T—a boy I And as good-looking as he is he might make an excellent marriage, though he is only the youngest eon—don't think 1 grudge yon yew lock," she added with smooth quick ness, "for really it la an unspeakable. com fort to have you to torn toln snoh a difficulty." ] ' " Why; most young men fall in love with' women older than themselves,'" said Colonel Fordyoe, smiling. "It is a natural phase— ao I am told at least." '""Were yen through it I" " Mais nou—honestly." "I wonder if yen were ever—that is, if yon ever thought s! getting married. But, of ceurae, yon have oome home partly for that!' " Mp dear Lady Ferdycs, t don't think I shall ever many." '• So muoh the better for Horace," was tile thought reflected in Lady Fordyoa'e eyes. But she only laid cheerfully, '"Oh, wait until you meet •wttirseme 'f our nloe homs-coantry girls—not at all like the Anglo-fndlan ladiee—-"who must be a queer lot if Bedyard Kipling " " They are like other women—all sorts," slid the Coloael. "Butmeanwhile, this affair of Horace's. And ft c on corns yoa also. -When you marry your "wife won't tike tohave a sister-in-law whofirops her 'fa's' and mis-spells words in her invitations." "In these days of universal education " began the Colonel. "Oh, bother 1' cried Lady Fordyoe im patiently. " Excuse me, Arthur, but yen remind me ever so muoh of your father. He wasa dear, mod man, but when he began to make little speeches——" " 1 wasn't going to make a tpeeoh." "And don't I tell you afae moat have been bom ages before universal eduaation T ( took the trouble to see the. woman. Goodness only knows what Horaoe oan fanoy in her. She has not a partible of oolour " — Lady Fordyoe took a fmet, momentary peep at her- own reflection, where the transparent rose which had always been one of her pet attraotiona was just becomingly heightened by the labour of making tea and the proximity of the fire—" ahe's a ghost rather than a woman," " It doesn't matter, ' Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder,' don't you know T Seriously, what doyou'expeot me to do? I am willing to obey yen- in reason; but you must anrely knew enough of human nature to be aware that if l try te-dissuade Horace from—pursuing this attachment,the chances are that the result is opposite to what you expect." "You are quite right," said Lady Fordyoe, confidentially," and I have thought of a muoh'better plan. It fieshed npon zoe like—like an inbpirafiaic** ♦^Good." saldr'tha Colonelyear plan of uaaipaign?" " Why,wfbourse;-what attraota her In Horaoe is his position and money." " Are all women so mercenary T" "Ninety-nine per cent.," asserted Lady Foidyoe, with absolute oooviotion, "Now —isn't yon see, Arthnr—if Horaoe is a good match yon are ever so much a better one?"' " Am I to immolate myself to save Horaoe 1 Besides, it appears to mo that the position is not materially improved." "Oh, you are netso stupid! Why, you need not commit yourself the least little bit in the world," " Iaee, I see," meditated the Colenel. "Well?" "Does it strikeyon as fair ?" "Fair? Is there anything unfair in it? Not at all." " Esther hard lines for the girl." " Arthur, all that I want is to shew her in her true colours and disillusionise my poor Horace. Really, one oould believe in witohoraft, her influence over him lsaoun accountable." "And what will Horace think of me ?" " He will thank you, as I-Shall." " lam not quite so certain of his grati tude, And 1 don't know that I quite Ilk But, never mind, I trill reconnoitre a Utile, and see what oan be aooompUshed. At the present time, it you will excuse me, I'll go down to the vineries and have a smoke. I hear a carriage arriving—some of your callers." •'Don't yon care to stay?" "You'll let me off this time. An revoir," and the oolonel exeouted a strategic] retreat through the conservatory. He shrugged Ms shoulders a trifle at the sharp ton oh of the October breeze, whloh ought to have been warded by an overooat from an individual tropically eenaltlied, and strode'rapidly to the vineries. The door he opened ae pre cipitately as to knock the cigar from the fingers of a smoker who had already taken refuge there, " Confonnd the olumsy door. Did I rap your knndkles, Horace ?" "Bappedmy Havana, at any rate. Ceme in, old man." "Seme of your friends have just ar rived." . "13m Glenoarra Saw them drive past." "Don't you want ?" " Who ? I ? Bather not, thanks." "The Glenoarr fllrla have crown nn pretty, I hear." "Ob, moderate. Well enough, if the mother -would let me alone about them. The maternal soap-boiler haa endowed all the girl*, yon know." "That doesn't aeem to be anoh an In. euperahle objection if the girle are aloe," "Well, 'bat yon knew a ww oant, Haogltj Arthur, what Is the use of It all when there Is semebedy else." " I don't pretend to an especially wide range of experiences ; but I've notloed that in oases of especially suitable marriages there is mi nnlortonate tendency for eomebedy else to oocnr. But, perhaps, somebody else may be equally suitable." "Ton wouldn't think so," Bald Horaoe, sulkily, knocking off a long grey finger of ash from his oigar; " and the motheT don't think ao. She'd suit me all right enongh." " And yon her V' " That's the oontrarlness ofthbge. She won't have anything to say to me—la that line." "Why, {thought," began the Colonel, •taring at his brother In an unfeigned sur prise. "Oh, I see," cried Horace. ,rThe mother has been giving yon the Authorised Version. And yen come here very inno cent—pretending to know nothing abont It —to get my confidence. That's brotherly. Thank yen." " Pooh 1 don't be an ass, and get angry abont nothing," said the Colonel, serenely, " It's rather interesting altogether. In fact, the Interest develops. Is there another Somebody Else In the case too 1" " There may be for all I knew," said Horaoe, a little mollified, bnt still snllen. " How did yen oome to know her ?" " When the mother was at Riviera—yon knew—that time I caught pneumonia salmon- fishing. She nursed me, I had lodgings at Invereanld ; she stayed in the same house—the landlady was a helpless old Idiot. It's well for'the mother to make a fuss T Why, I shouldn't have been alive bnt fer that girl," " Case ef gratitude," thought the Colonel, and his estimate of Horaoe reee aooerdlngly. "Was she the landlady'a daughter I" I "Koj she work* in a ahep, A little" fancy work shop eff therqnsre. Yon know Invercauld t" " I need to know the tewn. Think I shall rundown some of theae days. I want some things." " Look here, Arthur, I'll thank yon not to interfere." "I'll be diaoretlon personified," said the Oolenel, laughing. " If yen saw her yon wonld understand for yourself how baseless the mother's pre jadloeaare. If yon wonld talk her over, Arthur—far yen know women osn make matters very unpleasant sometimes—and I occasionally think that the reason she won't say'yes'ls ** " Barfing the hypothetical somebody else," suggested his step-brother, strolling away. 41 Amusing I" he thought to himself. *' Commissioned on both sides And have I oome home from India to play Providence to Horaoe'e love affairs—I, who sever—that is " And he fell Into a reverie. It so ehaneed that Horace was called to Loudon that evening on important business concerning the Government effioe to whloh he wit attached, by way of the start cf a career. And the Colonel, having nothing better to do, found himself in Inverosnld, -and was aannterlng down the chill, mono tonous road whloh led under' grey rainless skies from the station to the town before be recoil so ted that he had omitted the very necessary formality of disoovering the name of the lady of whom he was In quest. . "It don't matter," he mused, "I shall ohanoe finding her." There was a little Bhop at the corner of the irregular open space by oom loay called a square. It wore a forlorn and shrinking aspect, beoauae the frontage Of the building xeoeded as oompared with the neighbonrlng amotions on each side, and the stream of traffic—inch as It ma—nstnrally dreve on undiverted. To the right band a biggrooer'a ■hop biased with light; to the left the -varied windows of a draper's, bedizened with " Cheap Sale " tloketi, conrted atten tion. Between them the' little-window, with fite single modest gaslight, was eclipsed. The entire contents of the display might have been bought for a sovereign. A few white muslin aprons and Shetland scarfs worsened the unlightsd interior of the shop, and in the-foreground wss arranged aaparae vprinkllng of photsgraph frames, a box of wimbles, and a few skeins of el Ik, Instinct forced the Colonel to panes. " The plaoe 1* he aald. " Now—what do I want to buy ? I think I want to buy name photograph ir amee." Next moment the tremulous bell on the idoor tingled as he entered. A girl gilded from a back room, and con fronted him over the counter. The shop Was Bo'dim that ha ootid only see that she was petite of figure and dressed In black. "I want some—frames," aald "Colonel jFordyoe, feeling suddenly that he was play ing too nearly the part of a spy, "Yon have tome In the'window." " Yes. "Like these J Bnt I wlllllghi the gas—the days are so short now." ■fibs brought a lighted taper from the regions -beyond, and stood on tiptoe to res oh the braoket. The Colonel looked oevortly aoroes at her, as the light fl loded suddenly over n pale faoa orowned with a heavy, twisted coronal -of dead-gold hair faintly rippling back from the low wide temples. He started violently, aDd the frame he was fingering crashed to the ground, " You I—Fleecy P "I did not think-you wonld reoogniee me. Colonel Fordyos," said the girl qoletly. " Yon know me V "1 knew yonr voioa when yon spoke. We had heard that yon were at Duncalrn House." "Why, Fleecy—Fleecy Windram," he repeated, holding her hand. " I ought to say Hiss Windram, of coarse. But the old name comes so readily to one's lips . . . yon oan'i think-how It all comes baok.to me—and It was suoh a surprise to find yon hers." So very different wore hie last reoolleo tions ci i-r ! The big, roomy parlour of the vicarage, m-rs his boyhood's home than his other honse had over been, lit by the lesp Ing firelight eloae-—against the open winds w, doming and going, a block figure silhouetted an the golden west, the viasr studying his next homily, hlnieelf on the rag, -.and -a alightohlld with rich sraves of golden hair falling beneath her waist—the "Golden Fleece " from whloh he had nloknamad her, teasing him for stories, or listening in rapt attention while he talked with her brother of the things they meant to do, being men— or at- the old piano whloh sang under her qnlok young fingers. Happy, peaceful evenings of the put 1 remembered many a time under the baking drought of Indian skies, as David might remember Bathle hem's well I "And I tried to find you. I tried to learn something about yon when I was oomlng home," he said. *- How was it?" 41 It wonld be • long story," she arid steadily; "I daresay a story sufficiently oommon. Yon can infer it from the last obapter. . . . Do yon eare to look at the photograph frames !' The Colonel pushed away the frames, and they fell Into a little heap on the counter. "I came ho see yon," he said. "I heard ef you from my brother. Bat I had no Ideas." "Inursed him through hit Illness," she svid simply. Charlie died of pneumonia— U I had been near him—or anyone who understood, It would have been so different. Bnt your brother Is making a mistake. Will you not -persnade him so 1 I have told him eo of ten—he will persist in thinking " "Do you know why I madeeaoh efforts to discover what had fasoome of you 1 It was beeause-I oared for you, dear. I thought of yon'so of ten in India—-X dreamed of eoming heme—*o ask yon to be my wife—to win you for myself. Is there any hope tf my dream ounlngtrue?" 'A wave of crimson-surged slowly o ver her palefaoe. "Don't ask me, Arthur. I am nhangafl. faded, worn with sorrow. My very name bar seemed-a mookery'to me. Felicia 1—It onght to have been Dolores." He gathered her lute his arms, "It shell be a mookery no longer,dear est. We shell be happy together—yen and L Let the dead bury ita dead." "Oh, yes, it was a disappointment to me," said Lady Fordyoe to her best friend, as theysat taking chocolate together on a sonny terrace at 'Mentens. " I never thought Arthur would marry ; and, of course, all Horace's ohaaoes are gone now. Still the dear boy is getting on so well; and now he is engaged to a really aloe girl with a groat deal of money—though -that Is a secondary matter. One must reconolleone se'f to things as they are. But it Was a great disappointment," 