STR?:ItY OF THIE 4cirA.\ Two men. ragged and travel-stained, lay sleeping the deep sleep of utter weariness on the bare floor of an old Spanish tower in the Island of Cuba. The one with his head resting in the angle of the wall and a newiy healed scar showing white upon his forehead was Charles P. Marshall, an American journalist on the staff of a paper which supported the cause of the Cuban Insurgents,l and indeed of revolution aries all the world over. with the usual vigour at a trans-Atlantic journal. He had made part ol a campaign with the Insurgents. in search of accurate details which he had got-more in fact than he had cared about : and eventually, together with his companions. I)on Jamie de La Costa, a leading revolu tionary, fell into the hands of the Span ish authorities when the troops stormed Lagunitas entrenchments. 'Ola enmpanero. wake up- it is already dawn.' With these words sing ing in his ears, the American raised himself stintly on one elbow and gazed sleepily about him. Then memory came back with a pang, and as his eyes fell on the set face of La Costa he rea lised that this was the last time either would wake from sleep, for both lay under the sentence of death. By degrees the grey light grew clearer, until at length a single golden beam streaming through tae narrow window quivered upon the rough masonry ; and dragging himself to gether towards the barred opening, for he was aching in every limb, 'Marshall looked out upon the sunrse-the last sunrise he would ever see. Beneath him la: broad fields of sugar-cane, rolling away in lush green waves before the morning breeze to wards a wall of misty mountains which rose against the eas ern sky. Here and there flat-topped, white-walled quintas nestled among groves of orange and nispero trees and broad leaved bananas: while the faint air that entered the cell seemed cooled with dew and heavy with the fragrance of flowers. Under the feathery palms which fringed the broad high road, the white dust lay moist and still, and out of their blue green shadow came the tinkling of mule bells and a clear voice chanting the chorus of a vintage song ; while the merry laughter of children echoed across the wet sword blades of the sugar-cane. The American ground his heels into the boards. The world seemed very good that morning- a place of light and sunshine : and yet before the rising sun had crossed the meridian, he, now so full of life, would be flung like a dog into a shallow trench, amid bubbling quicklime-and he shuddered at the thought. 'This is what you get for interfering in olner people's troubles- yellow fever, risk of drowning, a wound when the troops stormed the trenches, and now -ugh-a white wall and a firing party,' he muttered half aloud; and La Costa, who was proud of his knowledge of Engiish - or rather American - an swered: ' Ah. my frent, it is for the fortune of war-all the same in fifty year-and we die in a good cause.' Even then 'Marshall could not but admire the soldierly grace of his com panion, as the latter flung his arms above his head, showing his broad chest and long straight limbs-a fine type of old Spanish blood, the Ameri can thought ; and he tried to smile in reply. But it was an unsatisfactory ghost of a smile, for the journalist had no desire to die just then-in a good cause or otherwise. Besides, having seen the Spanish troops, mostly poor hill peasants. torn from their homes by a ruthless conscription, dying like flies in pestilential swamps, and dropping out of the ranks on every scorching day to die by the wayside, yet bearing starva tion and sickness with heroic fortitude; he was by no meams so sure as he was in the beginning of the campaign the revolutionary party monopolised the virtues of courage and endurance. Neither was he so absolutely convinced of the goodness of the cause. After all, he thought, La Costa was right : it would be all the same in fifty years, 'ready, present fire.' a well-directed vo.ley, the sting of a bullet-and after wards darkness and oblivion. Then the fear came that it might not be a well-directed volley ; for he had seen some ghastly sihts that campaign; men, half slain by the bungling aim of recruit battalions, done to death by the rifle butt or bayonet thrust. Anyway, there was no escape now; he must make the best ofit, and if the insurgents could take things philosophically he would too. Presently the Cuban also approached the window, and pointing to a distant hillside where tall palms rose clearly against the morning blue, observed : SThere are our friends, the Martinez column. It is not far, and yet they do not know-and to-day we die. 'Ay de mi' "' After this cantme silence, and, forwhat seemed hours and hours, the American sat with his head in his hands, until there was a hammerinng at the door, and a Spanish soldier stood on the threshold, beconing with his finger. Their time had come.; and, pulling himself together. Marshall stepped out into the glare of tropic sunlight. Half a company of Cazadores Cana rios, conscripts from the volcanic rocks of Teneriffe and Grand Canary, marched in front with fixed bayonets. and half a company followed behind; the nickel buttons of their dull green uniforms, and the brass medallions on their clumsy kepis glinting in the sunlight. When they reached the little town, the narrow streets lay baking in fervent heat A cloud of hot dust, stirred up by the tread of marching feet, pow dered the Cazadores, turning their green to gray; and every flat azotean' roof and narrow side-walk was crowded with white-clad citizens, all revolution aries at heart, who scowled at the Spanishtroops from beneath their broad brimmed hats. The sunlight flashed back trom slip pery stones and white walls, and Mar shall pushed his battered straw hat down on his forehead to shut out the dazzling brightness and the eager gaze of the crowd; but La Costa drew his crimson sash tight around his ragged garments, an'd swung his costly Panama to the ground, a;s a low niurmur of sympathy and pity rose from the spec tators, while the eyes ofthe women grew dim, and many a swarthy Cuban felt a choking in his throat Then the murmur changed into a fierce growl of hate and defiance, and the crowd pressed forward, their hands upon the hafts of their long knives. A hoarse voice raised the cry "Viva la Cuba ! Viva La Costa ! Viva los Americanos !" and it echoed from man to man down all the winding street, until the listless air seemed full of the sound ; but the front rank of the Caza dores swung their bayonets to charge, and the march went on. Steadily the line of bright bayonets and dull green uniforms pressed on between rows of stern faces and pitying eyes, passed gardens filled with fragrant flowers, and booths piled high with luscious fruit. At last in front of the Alcades house, where the Spanish flag hung in drooping folds of blood and gold, a creaking mule-cart lumbered across the way, and the perspiring troops halted to let it pass. Then, with Spanish courtesy, the crowd opened up, and a woman came forward, followed by a dark-haired little girl, carrying a heavy vase ot wine and a bouquet of heliotrope. As the child passed between the soldiers, a sergeant thrust his rifle barrel in her way, but a young lieutenant put it aside with his sword, and smiled down upon her as she went fearlessly forward, and, lifting her olive-tinred face, handed La Costa the wine. The Cuban took it from her, and stood bare-headed in the fierce sunlight, a picturesque scarecrow of a man, un kempt and ragged, but with the grace of old Castille showing in every t,;ve ment. Then, after touching the vase with his lips, he passed it to Marshall, and picking-the child up, kissed heron either cheek as he took the flowers from the little brown hand. " Pobre La Costa, pobre Americano, dele uno tambien" (give him one too), she said, and placing her gently on the ground again, with a "Gracias, nina smia." he smiled as he handed the American a spray of the scented blossom. Marshall felt his eyelids quiver, and a kind of gasping sob rose from the crowd; but at a sharp word of cosn mand the dusty troops moved forward down the winding street. A cracked bell began to toll, and as its harsh vibrations rose on the heated air, a deep silence fell on the spectators, the jingle of arms and tramp of heavily-shod feet sounding hollow and strange. "It is the good priests of Santa Marta; they say the mass for our rest," said La Costa quietly to his companion, crossing himself as he spoke. "Curse that bell, will it never cease?" said the officer, as the monotonous jarring note filled the Plaza with its vibrations. Then La Costa turned to wards the crowd, but before ue could speak a sergeant smote him in the face with the hilt of a sword-bayonet, and the blood flowed from his mouth. An angry cry and a hiss broke from the mob, and they surged wildly for ward, snatching out their knives, only to recoil again before the flashing line of steel, as the Cazadore's bayonets came down at the charge to the level of their breasts. Now the time had come, and there was no possible escape, the American felt all hesitation drop from him, and, like one in a dream, watched the troops who formed the third side of the square unfixing bayonets and bringing their rifles to the hip. Presently a low arched door opened in the wall of the church, and as the odour of incense drifted out, mingled with the sound of the organ, a pries: in his vestments stepped forth from the shadowy interior and strode towards the colonel. "Stop -in the name of the church - it is sacrilege-and thou shalt do no murder." he said fearlessly; but the plump colonel only laughed, cruelly answering : "I do justice and not murder;" then turning aside disdainfully gave the order -" fake that man away." Two Cazadores forced the indignant padre back, and a great hush fell on the crowd. Breathing very hard, Marshall listened to the sound of the chanting and the drone of the organ, while the harsh tones of the bell grated on his quivering nerves. Then the rifle barrels flashed in the sunlight, and came home to the shoulder with a rattle-the colonel dropped his sword point, and a voice called "Tira !" A crack of red flame blazed out, fol lowed by the crash of a Zalley as the rifle muzzles jerked upwards, and a heavy wreath of blue smoke rolled across the face of the crowd. Marshall felt the blood stand still in his veins, i and for a moment dare not turn his head. When he did so he saw one of the peasants fallen on his knees, tearing with both hands at his side. Two of his comrades lay race downwards on the hot flags, motionless heaps of tat tered clothing; and a fourth with the blood trickling from him, and his face grey like ashes, leaned back against the wall, his head slowly drooping forward, and his limbs quivering beneath him. A howl of rage like the snarling of a pack of wolves, a cry of deadly hate that boded little good to the oppressors when their turn came, rose from the mob, and Marshall saw the stout colonel shudder as he listened; but the glitter ing wall of steel met them, turnm which way they would, and they stamped and fumed in impotant fury. The American lost his head with horror and indignation, and in the most powerful Spanish he could muster, cursed the colonel before all his men, concluding :-"Brutes, -cold-blooded murderers of unarmed men ! A civi-, lised nation cannot look on and see helpless peasants propped against walls and shot like wild beasts. Wait alittle, and you will hear the roar of American guns, and see the Stars and Stripes over Havana and .Matanzas." A yell'of "Bravo, Americano !" rose from the frantic mob; but the colonel looked on unmoved. "What does he Cay?" he asked a lieutenant. "Ah, it is so. AIF the English are mad, and most of them Americans, too." , -[ -Biting his lips, the journalist lapsed into sileice, feeling that at.least he could understand desperate men using dynamite with awful effect on'crowded troop trains, and when a sergeant of Cazadores gripped his shoulder,-he turned upon the man so fiercely that, unarmed as he was, the soldier dropped his hand. Then the colonel pointed with his sword, and Marshall closed his eyes when he heard a hoarse voice say : "Two files forward and finish the dogs," and, in spite of his own peril, he turned sick and faint as he heard a long-drawn ' ABh !" rise from the crowd, and the sharp clash of bayonets against the stones-he knew what it meant, for he had seen such things before. Side by side the two men walked for ward at a signal from an officer, and when they turned in front ofthechurch a sergeant came forward with cloths in his hand, but the Cuban waved him back, " Good-bye, my friend. We have fought a good fight together-and to day we rest side by side-it is well," said La Costa, as after the manner of the Spaniards he threw his arrit round the American's shoulder, then took the place pointed out. With dry lips and parched throat, Marshall drew himself and glanced at the Insurgent, who stood bareheaded in the sunlight, erect andproud, holding the flowers lightly in his hand, and his eyes filled as La Costa caught his look and smiled. Then, with defiance in his gaze, he turned and faced the rifles. There was a clicking of levers, and the empty shells rattled out upon the stones -the breach blocks closed with a clatter, and for some moments there was a harrowing pause as the troops waited the word to fire. Suddenly Marshall felt the blood stir wildly in every pulsing artery, for above the continuous drone of the organ a rattle of musketry rang out, followed by a sound he knew so well, the con tinual 'rip-rap, rip-rap' of repeaters. ' Winchester rifles, thank Heaven !' he shouted aloud. ' Must be the Martinez column,' then hit voice broke off suddenly, for he remembered that in a few minutes more it would matter little to him whether the Insurgent forces arrived or or not. A confused murmur rose from the crowd, which swayed to and fro like the waves of a sea; then there was a clatter ing of hoofs down the stony street, and presently two mounted officers broke through the mob, striking right and left with the flat of their swords to clear a passage, and reined in their lathering horses by the colonel's side. A bugle-call echoed through the Plaza ; the square bf green uniforms broke up and swung round, changing into a long line of fours ; and while the astonished prisoners tried to collect their scattered senses, the last file of the Cazadores swung out of the Plaza at the double, and, their footfalls growing fainter and fainter, disappeared down a narrow street. Marshall rubbed his eyes to see if he were asleep, but. there was no mistak ing the ceaseless rattle of the IVinches ter tepeaters, smuggled over from the United States for the use of the rebels, or the feeble return fire in the deeper report of the Spanish rifles. Then a great shout rose from the crowd:' Viva la Cuba-Viva la revolucion !' It was all so strange and sudden, that now the peril was passed, the American felt as weak as a child, and dropped limply against the wall, hardly daring to believe his ears, and looking about with vacant eyes. A scantily clad, sun-browned peasant woman crept softly forward, and throw ing herself down on the scorching stones, rocked to and fro over a crimson stained face which lay still and white upon her lap, and answered neither word nor sign to her despairing cries and bitter tears. A priest came out of the shadowy doorway, and touching her shoulder, lifted the woman gently to her feet, while a procession of dark-robed clerics carried their silent burdens away, the crowd opening up and standing bare headed as they passed, and Marshall shivered as a woman's piercing shrieks rang in his ears. Presently the distant sound of march ing feet rose from the streets beyond, drawing steadily nearer and nearer, to the running accompaniment of ' Vivas !' and shouts of delight, until it swelled into the measured ' tramp, tramp' of a large battalion, mingled with the clash of steel sheaths and the jingle of arms. At last the enthusiastic mob split up, and, amid bursts of cheering, the head of the Insurgent column swung into the Plaza through a rolling cloud of dust. On they came, four by four, and com pany by company, swarthy, sun scorched men, ragged and tattered, powered with dust and grimmed with smoke; line after line of broad brimmed Panama hats and red sashes defiling out of the narrow streets ; and as the ragged companies wheeled into line across the broad Plaza the Ameri can cculd hardly repress a smile at the curious collection of arms. Some carried Winchester repeaters, some Spanish milits,: rifles, others breech loading shot guns, or single barrel muzzle-loaders, while a few had nothirig but a big cavalry sabre belted round their waist. The journalist knew, how ever, that although appearances were by no means in their favour, this same battalion had beaten the best Spanish troops in the open field. Meantime there was a pandemonium oflaughing, shouting, and cheering, for with true Spanish versatility, the feel ings of the citizens had changed from horror and hatred to the wildest merri mentand enthusiasm. An eager croud drove forward along the face of the line, thrusting bunches of luscious fruit and vases of wine before them, as they struggled to be first with their gifts; and poor peon labourers gaily inves'ed their last centimo in "copitas de cana,' and only laughed when the swaying of the mob spilled the liquor from the quaint cylindrical glasses before they could reach the side of the thirsty soldiers. At last.the leader, with his toes stick ing through the end of his worn-out shoes, strode forward, pushing aside The enthusiastic' group who forced their gifts and attentions on La Costa and the American, grasped their hands, saying: "Comurades, I salute you," and caught the Insurgent in his arms. Afterwards the journalist was heartily glad to withdraw with him for rest and food into the cool patio of the Alcalde's house, that worthy having been ejected with scant ceremony. \ That night a banquet was spread beneath the broad leaves of the bananas in the wide patio, and though there was not much to eat-there never is in the track of marching troops-there was abundance of wine, the splash of foun tains, and the scent of jasmine and heliotrope. La Costa and the American occupied the place ofhonour, but amid all the wild meiiment, the shrieks of the poor peasant woman, as she saw her murdered husband carried away, rang in Marshall's ears; and he sh 4 dered at the ruddy wine, for his nerves were shaken, and the ghastly scene in the Plaza rose up before him in all its grim details. It does so yet at times, in the silent watches of the night. Chanm?ers Journal. 