Williams' finkc ills for Jaloe .'eople. BUCKLEY, THE WILD WHITE MAN. S BY W. T. PYKE. CHAPTER VII.-(continued.) After they had somewhat slept off the effects of their gluttony, some hilarious spirit among them got up a species of entertainment, which evoked much merriment. It was supposed to represent the kangaroo hunt-a kind of pantomime, mimicing the stirring events of the day. As with a modern troupe of stage actors, they spared no pains to make the representation realistic-to hold the mirror up to nature. Their preparations included greasing their bodies all over with the fat of the animals, and then plentifully bedaubing themselves with a sort of red ochre. Some small branches were fixed to their girdles in imitation of tails, and then the fun began. Those with the tails hopped about the camp like a scared herd of kangaroos; the tails sticking out, and their peculiar attitudes having a most comical effect; while those personating the hunters following them closely, hallooing and gesticulating wildly as they pretended to spear them. Buckley was no less amused than his black companions, and laughed as loud as any of them. The jollity of the evening gave place next morning to proceedings of quite an opposite character. When Buckley awoke he found the camps in quite a commotion, and the two tribes harangu ing each other violently. He gathered, as well as the imperfect knowledge of the language he had by this time acquired could reveal to him, that a gay Lothario of one tribe had kidnapped the wife of a member of the other tribe, or else had persuaded her to elope from her liege lord. The guilty pair had been discovered-hence the tumult. The injured one demanded satisfaction and the restitution of his property. The abductor refused to do the latter, and was quite willing to oblige him as to the former; in fact he seemed rather inclined to have recourse to the ar hitrament of blows and to settle the little affair, and perhaps the husband at the same time. The interposition of the tribes decided that the woman should return to her husband's mia-mia, which she at once did. The two men thereupon prepared for the fray, each arming himself with a waddy and shield. They entered the lists courageously, being well matched, both in size and general strength. With shield and club upraised over the head so as to form a protecting arch, they warily advanced upon each other. The deeply-set eyes of both men glistened beneath their shaggy beetling brows in an extremely vengeful manner, which augured, it seemed to Buckley, a fatal termination to the fight. The antagonists soon closed, and then blow after blow fell with lightning rapidity. Their shields warded off many, but a sickening thud heard every now and then betokened that they were both being severely punished on head and shoulders. This hammer-and tong business could not last long, and they soon began to show signs of ex haustion. The blood flowed freely frbm many wounds in the head and the upper portion of the body. When the tribes considered that each combatant had had enough for one day, they interposed and separated them, and led them to their different camps, each man looking dazed and half un conscious, and reeling like a drunken man. This duel rovo,,lod to. .Besoldoy..+», asuouLaumng ana marvellous thickness of skull possessed by the people he was living with. He knew that any one of the blows which had been showered with so little effect upon their black heads, would have laid his own skull open. The gay Lothario and his tribe shortly took their departure for fresh hunting grounds. The injured husband, as soon as he had recovered a little from his wounds, sought out his spouse and belaboured her with his waddy in a manner that made Buckley's blood run cold, although the rest of the en campment regarded the conjugal cor rection with indifference. The sequel to this love escapade took place a night or two after. The fires had all gone out, and the whole camp was buried in a deep slumber, when suddenly a loud cry awakened everyone. Each man clutched his spear, and rushed to the spot whence the alarm had come. Buckley was one of the first there, and by the aid of a fire-stick he had snatched up, beheld the lately aggrieved husband transfixed through thie body with a spear. The poor fellow was writhing in a death agony. They tried to pull the spear out, but could not, as the weapon was barbed for about six inches from the' point. He lingered on till morning, when death put an end to his excruciating sufferings His wife had. disappeared; and this fact told to the blacks the whole story. It was clearly a case of murder and elopement or abduction. The friends of the deceased showed much grief, and uttered frightful im precations against the vile assassin and all his relations. Early in the day, preparations were made for the funeral. The corpse was taken in hand and bent almost round ; the knees being tied close to the neck; and the feet and hams brought together and fastened with the arms straight alongside. Their reason for thus rolling up the body, and securing the limbs, Buckley afterwards learned, was to prevent the ghost of the departed from arising and revisiting tho glimpses of the moon. For the blacks had a mortal dread of spirits; and they believed that the spirit of a man recently dead would work them great harm if he got the chance to break out of the tomb. The opossum rug which had been his cover ing by night and mantle by day, was now his shroud. With this wrapped around him, he was consigned to the grave-a hole dug to the depth of three or four feet in the soft ground. Then his late companions heaped up the earth over him to the height of two or three feet, and placed logs on top to prevent the wild dogs from rooting up the corpse. During the ceremony of interment all his male relatives gashed their heads with tomahawks and waddies till the blood streamed forth; and smeared their faces and beards with pipe-clay and mud. The women joined in these ex pressions of deep affliction by scorching themselves on the thighs and stomach with firesticks, and also by spreading mud all over their heads. The mother of the dead man was especially demon strative in her grief, her moans and groans sounding horribly in Buckley's ears. Her lamentations were genuine, and for several nights afterwards he heard her giving way to her feelings when by herself, after all the camp had retired to rest. Several men of the tribe set out on tihe tracks of the murderer, but returned before night without having accom plished their object. This man by his daring and dastardly conduct had thus embroiled the two tribes in an enmity only to be assuaged by the spilling of his blood, or the blood of one of his own tribe. As Buckley afterwards learned, the blacks always held the whole tribe responsible for the actions of any of its members. Blood for blood was one of their laws, and if they could not bring tie actual delinquent to punishment they always endeavoured to wreak their vengeance upon any of his relatives father, brother or son-or failing them any of his tribe would do. It was some mouths before Buckley's party again came across the path of this tribe, and then the trouble commenced anew. Spears, clubs and boomerangs were brought into requisition and a great battle was fought, at least froin an aboriginal point of view. Revenge was satiated by the killing of the mur derer's brother and the wounding of his mother, but the actual culprit escaped 