Tlie Ministry Visits Bungarra. £For the Geraldton Express.] (BY BUNGARRA.) S f Order."gents, order if you please; are ^ve a parcel of kids just iet out of school, or are we free and independent citizens with a sacred dooty to those as elected ws ? " It WAS the chairman of the Progress Committee spoke, the chosen head of civic right and ma'ters municipal whose dignity had been jarred by a wordy dispute at the lower end of the room whe:e two members were differing loudly over Free Trade and Protection. Nc one answered the chairman's query, but silence prevailed as that dignitary, stroking his beard with one hand and ramming the tobacco (town his pipe with his left thumb, proceeded to announce — " There's a distinguished visitor about to visit Bungarra, and it appears the Silver-tail push at the other end of the town are trying to capture him, (Tokens of disapproval.) AS the chosen representatives of this growing community we must be first and foremost and present him with an address of weleome and show him the color of our hospitality. The various other bodies of the town will follow our lead." It was indeed true. A high and mighty member of the Government was making a tour of inspection to the gold fields and would arrive in a few days. A Keception committee waa formed representative of all classes and preparations were pushed ahead .vith all speed. Accommadation for visitors being very limited, the leading firm of " mining, commission and produce agents, auctioneers, valuators and accountants, mining properties bought and sold on the shortest notice."" as the sign over the door ran— vacated the mud-brick shanty. 10ft. x 15ft., where their extensive business was conducted and proceeded to decora'e it for the expected guest. A man was put on to plug up the holes in the roof with sacking in case it should rain. Old shirts were stuffed into the chinks and crannies in the walls to keep out the draught, the floor was brushed and a volunteer furbished up the collection of quartz specimens on the shelves, by expectorating on them one by one—he had run a fruit-shop before he took to mining—and polishing them on his trousers. An old sailer was sitting cosslegged in one corner ripping up some empty flour sacks and sewing them together with a triangular packing- needle and some coarse twine to make sheets for the only two movable bunks in the camp already in position along the far wall, while, untold luxury, a square of carpet, formerly Brussel's, though, alas! all the forustles had b en long ago worn off it, had been lent by the only washer-lady on the diggings, a relic of comfortable circumstances in happier climes. During the day the shanty was visited and inspected with many < xpressions of admiration by knots of miners and fossicker-s till expectation was all a'tiptoe for the forthcoming event. Twenty-four hours before the expected arrival a special messenger of welcome was despatched down the track to meet the approaching cavalcade. The fiery steed he bestrode was old enough to vote, but it •was a hard matter for anybody or anything to get on the rolls then, and after accomplishing a score or so of miles lay down for a rest. Then, while the " special" was busy wolfing a hasty scrap of tucker, the beast, who was a bush quadruped and modest to boot, wandered off into the mulgrt and lost h'mself. It was too much bliss ! To meet a live Government member and perhaps receive a responsive neigh from the pampered horses that pulled his chaiiot ! No, not for him. So he hied himself into a thick clump of bushes on a distant elevation and chuckled as he regarded the frantic endeavours of the extra special to find his steed. He saw with satisfaction later on that his master, in •default of a horse, was taking shanks' mare for it down the track. Next morning the Keception Committee in store clothes—those who had not coats had borrowed them—had its scouts out up trees and posted on mullock heaps watching for the tell-tale cloud of dust where the •dall grey track faded into the far horizon. The champagne was cooling in the waterbag across at the hotel; the three young pullets, secured after incredible research and keen bargainingat 10s per head by the refreshment committee for the night's bauquet, were catching stray flies on the wooden bars of their improvised coops; the roustabout and the slushy, seated on the ground under the pub. verandah, were polishing up the borrowed knives and forks in the sand readylfor the fr»y, and a picked penman, with his head on one side and his tongue in the corner of his mouth, was putting the finishing touches to the address- s of welcome to be presented by the various public bodies of the township. A handkerchief waves from a mulga tree to the half right front, a shout of " They •come, they come " rises from a man on the roof of th^ hotel, eager animation succeeds the air of apathy on the waiting faces, as a large polioe waggonette is dtiven up smartly and halts in the main sfereet. The illustrious visitor deacenda and shakes % ton on so of fine dust off his shape and the spokesman of the Reception Committee advancees and smiles all over his 6x9 face. He bows. The visitor bows. They both bow. Then the spokesman smiles some more. Then he does it again. They then shake hands. The bystanders are all smiling too. Tho spokesman then pulls a roll of paper out of his breast, like a policeman serving a writ, hitches up his pants, and preceeds to fire off at the visitor nearly two feet of assorted verbiage, wbil« the individual addressed ra ; ses his hat, stands in the blazingsun and perspires freely. ''We the undersigned, &c;, &c....loyal; and devoted citizens, &c....our; illustrious and distinguished visitor, &c...hope; and desire, cordial and spontaneous welcome, &c;, &o;,'' All the adjectives are double barelled and signatures at the end appear, at a distance, as if a spider had escaped from the inkpot, into which he Lad fallen, and had crawled all over the face of the scroll. The address i s then handed across to the great man who glances at it, drops a few beads of perspiration over the wording and responds brieffy. Great pleasure...unbounded surprise... gratifying to hims •If...great and growing township..." and other favorite chestnuts figuring through the speech, and then he finishes and everybody watches for the flank movement on the Pub. A stay of proceedings, however, ensues. The tall and stalwart form of the chairman of the Progress Committee, followed by the rest of that august body , push s its way through the throng and confronts the distinguished guest. An onimous looking roll of paper is in his hand, the smiling and handshaking is repeated. It must be explained that the Reception Committee was supposed to represent the 1 1 Silver-tailed Push " composed of what the diggers called the " kerosene toffs," men who wore collars and socks and only said " blanky " occasionally and not with every other word they spoke, while the Progress Committee represented the bone and sinew of the diggings, the men who created the place and won the gold. The rivalry between the two factions was vigorous but suppressed. Once more the great man rises his hat and hears the old, old story fired off as the dust and the perspiration blend on his roomy face : — " We the undersigned, &c...cordial; and spontaneous welcome, &c;, &c...;" with crosses and " his mark" at the foot. The same reply couched in the same words constitutes the return volley, and this time the firing party and all concerned ad vance on the hotel. The six-foot, long bearded leader of the Aristocracy acts as esquire on the left; the six-foot, long bearded head of the Democrats poses on the right. The publican is adorned with a smile and a corkscrew andjputs in a sharp, short shift among the bottles as the popping of corks evidences. Introductions follow, with toasts, and then there is an adjournment to the special quarters across the creek, or the main street, as the Bungarrowites prefer to call it. Within fiteen minutes a small crowd of about a doz^n earnest-looking men assemble outside the door oE the bat humpy and whisper together. One of them has a roll of paper in his hand and is practising a smile to himself. It is a sickly effort. i c Are you ready, boys ?" The boys addressed smooth their wellgreased hair over their temples, "adjust the unwonted necktie, and pull up as much barcoo-scarred arm as possible in thei: coat sleeves. Then there is a loud knock at the door, followed by a hurried voice from a man who is peering in under the windowblind— " Hold on a minute, boys—he is changing his pants." It is too late. The door opens, and the deputation files in. The man with «he roll advances to the front. His expression is like that of a poisoned dog. It is the smile. His eyes are wide open, and his cheeks are drawn up, showing a row of teeth as symmetrical as an alley of tombstones in a cemetery. The visitor is fastening up buttons looking hot and uncomfortable, and making earnest endeavors to reproduce that smile. The leader commences— " We, the undersigned—Sick, Accident, and Blind Drunk Association, etc.—illustrious and distinguished visitor, etc.—hope and pray, etc.—cordial and spontaneous welcome, etc. etc. etc." The trail of the amateur penman is over this address equally with the others. The same artist is responsible for them all. The great man completes fastening his braces, and looks correspondingly happier, as with a look upwards to recall the words, he replies in the usual set terms, and places a toothbrush m the other. He puts them do ivn hastily, and swallows a mouthful of tooth-powder in his hurry. Then he braces himself up, and arranges his face symmetrically, as he listens with all the interest he can assume. We, the undersigned—Anti-Political League and Local Tammany Hall—illustrious and distinguished vi-itor, etc.—a most cordial and spontaneous welcome, etc. etc. etc." As the address proceeds, the left side of the scroll on the top of the tr-nk with the others. As| the deputation withdraws, it runs right into the arms of another body of earnest-looking men just outside the door, rehearsing the smile. There is a similar group a hundred yards down the street, and another just emerging from the pub opposite. There is no mistaking their purpose. " Lend us your coat, Bill. My shirt ain't ovar snowy." The change takes place, neckties follow, and again the door of the guest-house is pushed opm, and the smile* enter, accompanied by the be*rers. The representetire of re«j»on«ible Gorer*- ment ha* ft flan of wQfccr is oa« ktad the victim's face sags a little. The strain is too great. While the right side maintains the same pleased expression of mingled pleasure and gratification, the other side has declined several points, and needs bracing up. The ordeal is over at length, the reply fired back, and the room empty—for ten minutes. Platoons and battalions of public bodies with addresses follow, by fours, in echellon, in companies and in'light skirmishing order. The Hospital Committe, the Dra° matic Club, the Ancient and Independent Order of Dry blow rs, the Journeymen Fossickers, and 'many others are all well represented, winding up finally nb >ut 5 p.m. with the Society of Freethinkers, in the person of one Elijah Bro<v«i,more familiarly known as Mad Brown an ong those who suffered the pain of his p rsonal acquaintance. By this time the guest of the hour had almost completed the toilet he had commenced six hours earlier in the day. He was just then down on his hands and knees, minting for a fugitive collar-stud that had eluled his grasp, and murmuring the various and several platitudes from the prophet Habbakuk that occur to a man on such an occasion. The bunk, clmr, and every piece of furniture in the room was covered with addresses, and the ends of two more were projecting" from his trouserspockets, when the door was pushed open, and Mad Brown, entering, tilted his hat over on the back of his head, and commenced without more ado— " W r e, the undersigned, members of the Freethinkers, etc.—illustrious and distinguished visitor, etc. etc.—cordial and spontaneous welcome, etc. etc. etc," when the paity addressed climbed slowly to his feet and faced his persecutor. It was no gc The old stereo, smile would not corm look of bl ank amazement had taken place instead. This was the seventee deputation, and the whole populatioi Bungarra only numbered slightly over : Every man in the place seemed to bel to from six to eight public bodies. Meanwhile the reading of the add continued. It was composed chiefly v L intricate theological problems that entered nowhere in particular, meandered over several sheets of foo'scao and vanished down obscure.by-paths. The reader finally closed it with the words, "Signed Elijah : Brown, pres dent; Elijah Brown, treasurer; Elijah Brown, secretary." With a masterful grasp of the situation the mighty politician advancing, placed his hands firmly on Brown's shoulders, "My young friend " he muttered, " nothing short of a special Act of Parliament will meet your case. This shall be my special care. Leave me now, your arguments have utterly unstrung me. Goto your kennel, I mean claim. Come and see me again next year or the year after or the evening jafter the judgment day, but go and go quickly." Brown, with the strong hand on his shoulder still, is gently but firmly shown through the door which closes after him with a vicious snap. The great man piles the chair, the furniture generally and his own valises against the door and sinks down on the bunk on tho top of those addresses, closes his eyes and vainly tries t-o_restore his mental equilibrium in sleep. lie dozes. But a ghastly nightmare seizes him. All round the room he sees texts hung commencing 11 We the undersigned," In vain he presses the lids closer on the throbbing eyeballs. A hand appears with the fatal words scrawled on it in letters of blood. A thousand demons surround him each armed with an Address of Welcome on the end of a pitchfork and chant the deadly refrain, six-foot devils with long beards, who are all chairmen of public committees. Finally they jumr> upon him and endeavor to ram the whole collection of Addresses down his throat. He struggles. There is a crash, and he awakes to find he has tumbled off the bunk and is sitting- on the floor rubbing the part he has hurt the most while a voice at the door is saying " Seven o'clock, just ready to start the Banquet. We have come to escort you," and with a sigh of utter resignation he gives up the ghost and meekly follows his guides to the guzzle. 