A RIGHT ATTAGK. THE IIXKMY COT IX. A SLEEPING CAMP WITHOUT ADEQUATE OUTPOSTS. FA1.LS AN EASY PREY. The "Dally Telegraph" special correspondent at the recant Aldershot manoeuvres of the British Army, tells in the following picturesque fashion the story of a successful night attach:— As I anticpated. after yesterday morning's battle, there was a fierce night attack upon one of the camps, and today there has been a running fight and big engagement between the two opposing columns. The Army Manoeuvres are planned to afford officers and men experience in the tactics and practices of war. Hence the first duty in these manoeuvres is to keep the action merrily going night and day if possible. Who wins or who loses is a matter rather of secondary importance, compared with the value of the instruction imparted by the tasks set either.side. One hour it ;k the invader who achieves that questionable standard of excellence called "success:" the next the tables are turned, and England, represented in the character of the Northern forces led. by Major-General Burroughs, seizes a glorious victory. Many of the participants fail even to deserve, let alone command, success, aud General Barnard, or liis subordinates who were responsible, gave away last evening in a fell hour all their leader had done by days and nights of planning and fighting. He had protected his camp by placing two battalions on outpost duties, and drawing such a screen round his quarters that no European army could have broken through without alarming all his troops. His outposts in Brimstone Wood protecting his north-west front were withdrawn after dark yesterday, and one battalion was left to guard in a very indifferent fashion the approaches to this camp. There were two manifest blunders. for neither of which probably the Southern General wresponsible. First, part of the camp was pitched in an insecure hollow, and. next, tlie optpostwere not adequately covered by outlying scouts. No wonder, then, that last night, thanks to bold energetic- tactics, the invaders -were themselves invaded and routed, horse, font and artillery. "This must be avonged," said a distinguished officer of the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, near eleven o'clock last night, when he was forced to parade his men in his shirt tails on finding the Northern troops in his camp, and almost in his quarters. When the major part of the opposing forces were presumed to be a-bed in sweet slumber, Major-General Bengough, with half his army, suddenly burst with a roar down into the enemy's encampment. Never was there a more dramatic, better led. and better delivered night attack. It was perfect in its inception, and well-nigh faultless in its execution. And what more can be told in the way of praise is equally merited. I went in with the leading assaulting company and battalion as I did at Telel-Kebir, and there was much in the A-hole operations to -recall that glorious and decisive action. Still, if I may say so, we have learned since then, and the blow was better delivered, and, in a sense, the result was as great. There are two things, in one of which British troops excel, though in the other thev are constitutionally defective. No troops in the wide world possess te such a degree the sustained, calm, balanced mind that in peril and under strange conditions as well enables them to cai through that most trying of duties, night attack. And I regret that no army takes fewer precautions than our own against possible surprises, nr tains such root r -d indifference to risks to bę run from their enemy's plans and prowess. After gunfire, at nine p.m.. in the Northern Camp, situate at Keepers Hill, Conford, last night word was passed round in "whispers," or rather cbiefly by signs, for three battalions to " fall In" promptly, without fuss or noise. The men, in full marching order, took their places in the ranks. . The moon liad not risen, and such of the sky as could bis seen through the environment of gloomypines showed banks of flying black clouds, threatening rain that came later in a prolonged deluge, attended by thun der and lightning. On outpost duty for No. 1 Field Column were tlie Berks Re giment. They wer thickly spread t< the easi, securing Brimstone Wood ii[ almost to the west side, or Longmoor Down, whereon, to the south of Woolmer Pond, was Major-General Barnard the invader's camp. The assaulting column consisted of the 1st South Staffordshire Regiment, the 2nd Liverpool Regiment, and the 3rd King's Royal Rifles. No happier selection could have been made than that the Stallords should lead, for they have been long and care fully tutored in the mode of making night attacks. Each soldier wore round „his headdress the white band that distinguished the Northern Force. Noiselessly as ghosts the troops moved In column out of camp, over the Diand stream, which is a tributary of the Oakhanger and River Wey. into Brimstone enclosure. Before tbem lay a march of three miles, part of which was over woodland track and two-thirds over rough untrodden ground, full of traps in the guise of ditches, holes, heath and fern. Halting within the wood the troops closed up into position, Major- General Bengough, in person, with his staff, marching on foot with the assaulting column, taking the direct command. Luckily, as I have said, the enemy had withdrawn their chief outposts, and, equally fortunate, the Northern leader had in a member of his staff an officer who had carefully scouted and explored the ground. After a quarter of an hour's smart marching, during which not a word was . uttered, even the commands. hiaving been conveyed by signs, the column struck off the road to the left through the piney woods. Not a path helped -Jo mark the route, and from general private many a stumble and fall was made without ejaculation or cry of any kind. We picked ourselves out of the pitfalls and made our way onward— communing inwardly to ourselves, no doubt. . -Brimstone Enclosure, at one angle, lias a narrow belt or tongue of timber that abuts upon Lonrmoor Down, within 400 yards or the Southern enemy's lower camp. Not a" post or sentry of the foe was met with till the column arrived at the limit of the wood By" means- of several brief halts, the .whole column was kept in compact Order,'' - Delaying, momentarily, when within thirty yards of the edge of the. '^ood, the assaulting column then rush- •5d forward at the double. An" outpost at the barrier • challenged,' -'-almost shrieking, "Halt! Who goes thfere?" He flred his rifle, and when one or two of the-outposts -did the same- they were surrounded on all -sides by MaJor-Gene- ral Bengough's Staffordshire Regiment. - The umpires silenced these prisoners, and without pause the battalion held on scrambled on. anyhow over the -fence, towards the enemy's camp. We .-had and jumped the big ditch, deploying partly during tlie operations. For half an hour we had seen the lights in Major- General Barnard's tents as we stole al- • most betweeli his camps. Out upon Longmoor Down the tents were there in a hollow. 70ft below the crest. When officers and men realised how near they" had got, nought could restrain their ardor. With a roar of cheering, as the thunder of the ocean's surge, which was heard back at Conford. they ran down hill. It was a black avalanche capped with snow that swept down. Not a soul, save a few sentinels, stirred about the tents. These challenged and fired, and a few men came out in a sleepy, dazed way, to meet us and fire their" rifles. But the shooting was feeble and trifling, compared with the din and tramp of the assaulting column. When within thirty yards of the tents, Barnard's sergeants could be heard hoarsely bawling for Company A. and so on, to "fall in." It was too late. The umpires and officers succeeded in halting the column; for the men's blood was up. and they would in many instances, 3 fancy, have enjoyed a rough-andtumble with their antagonists. "Cease firing!" was sounded, and his -Royal Highness the Duke of Connaught, with the headquarters' staff, who came up, complimented Major-General Bengough on certainly the most brilliant e.nterprise of the campaign. It was 10.25 p.m. when the affair was ever. Then, after gaily whistling and singing, the assaultingr column. marching by the main roads,- retired to their own camp, which th?jr reached before midnight. 