__ ? .__ ? ? ?.-,??„.,. ? } Tl\e SeeFet of the f l^reshold. CHAPTER IV. Iris moved towards a table and took np some photographs. «? You have travelled all over Europe, iBnpposo, Mr. Tempest? Do yon re cognise this place at .all ?' ' Kear Athens, a favorite resting of mine. But pardon me, Coontess, I see here a face I recognise with great plea ' ne took up o ammy iiuuib uuuwiuiug a photo of Hugh Bryanaton, which An ton placed there to please hie wife. ' My brother !' She bad not noticed it before ; she turned to flash a look of gratitude fit her husband. ' That is my dour and only brother, Mr. Tempest.' ' Hugh Bryanaton your brother ! What a happy ' coincidence. I met him in China, at a place on the coast of Hong Kong. His ship had put in for repairs, and my little yacht had con veyed mo there at the same time— — ' 11 About six months ago ?' interrupted Iris. ' He told me of your meeting, and that he saved his life one day when the boat capsized, and he was stunned ' and would hove drowned, but he forgot to mention your name. This delightful —to ice some one who has so recently seen my dear Hagh, and who saved his life, too. Fleass shake hands on it, Mr. Tempest. How shall I thaak you enough ? You and I must be great friends alter tniB. my urusuur n«no ui you as a charming companion.' Tempest's eyes glowed with passionate pleasure. His pale face looked momen tarily transformed. 'He was very kind to write of me like that to you. I hope with all my heart that yon will allow me to call my self your friend.' ' This is better than a dozen intro ductions, Mr. Tempest. Oonnt Popie linski was smiling, well pleased at wit nessing his young wife's delight. ' Hngh Bryanston is a treat in store for ' me as yet. I have never met him, but he must be a good follow, for his sister Tery nearly worships him.' 'He is a very good fellow !' declared Tempest. After that there was no lack of con versation, and Iris was so interested in hearing such comparatively recent news \- ef her beloved brother that she forgot to ,. notice mat tne storm rose wguer auu higher. The Oonnt, however, did not rail to notice it, and when, some half-honr after Iris and Patra had retired, be emerged from the smoking-room with the man who was now considered the most wel come gnest. Anton paused at a window in one of the long corridors on his way upstairs, and watched for a flash of lightning to illumine the tower. 'What a fearful night !' exclaimed Olaudian Tempest, pausing also, and looking np at the black clouds racing ' along, driven by the furious wind, their blackness rendered moro apparent by the fitful gleam of moonlight which, just at the moment, was visible between two of them. ' Pleasanter here than at sea, eh ?' Anton waited patiently for that flash of lightning, a smile on his lips as he thought of his darling's superstitious alarm. She would want more reassuring now that she had been alone for holfan honr, and free to listen to the howling wind and driving rain. Ah ! there it was. And there, too, as he had expected, was the wraith-like foam curling about the silent tower, far above the window of the haunted room —The Test Boom as it was called. The Count hastened upstairs after that— saw that all looked comfortable in the room which had been prepared for Olaadian Tempe&t;, wished him a good night's rest, and then strode swiftly to his wife's room. 'Yes, she wbb waiting for him— standing, trembling all over, by the un curtaiDed window, and gassing fearfully into the night. ' Anton 1 I am so thankful you have como. Jeanette has neuralgia, and I sent her to bed. Why am I bi nervous, Anton 7 Caa it be possible that danger threatens you ?' ' BTonseuso, sweetheart I' He drew her into his arms and kissed her ten derly, winding his arms in her hair, which hung in thiok masses to hsr waist, \ juBt as Jeanette had left it after bruah ' ing it. ' Nonsense, my darling ! What Hunger is liKeiy to xnreaxen me / xt is because the house is new to you that you feel nervous. You should not have sent away your parlour maid until I came up. Why, even I feel tired with tbe journey to-day, and the sweet excitement of coming home, bo I am not surprised if you are utterly worn out. Gome, you must get to sleep as quickly as possible, and get rid of all these foolish fancies/' Kissing her again, be went to his dressing room, leaving the door open that she might not feel alone, and in a short time he had the satisfaction of knowing that she slept soundly and peacefully. When morning came Iris awoke, her usual bright self. The storm had worn itself ont, and the scene of brightness greeted her as she looked from the win dow. If Olaudian Tempest had thought her beautiful in her jetted silk dinner dress, lie thought her wonderfully sweet when she appeared at breakfast in a simple' made frock, its sombre hue of morning re lieved only by white collar and cuffs, her fresh young face needing' no adornment to set off its loveliness. As the star like eyes met his in frank greeting, and the little hand returned a preasureofhisstrongsun-browned fingers, the man registered a vow in his heart which he swore to himself nothing should prevent hia keeping. After breakfast host and guest wended their way down the steep hillside to ascertain how the disabled yacht had fared during the Btorm. Iris and Cleopatra followed some half-hour later, and fonnd the yacht's owner dolefully contemplating its de Inpidationg, vfhilo the small crew stood on the deck loohing hopelessly about them. 'It will take at. least a fortnight to j have it repaired, ' Tempest was saying as the two girls joined them. 'I will .have it towed up to Sandy bar to-day,' The Count spoke reassuringly ' My yacht is ready for immediate use. what do you say Irio — shall we all take the trip ?' ' I shall enjoy it. You will come Patra. ' Of coorse, dear.' One of the men — a slender follow with a rough growth of board concealing the lower half of his face — started slightly, and shot a quiok glance pt Miss St. Helior as she spoke. She did not notice him, and when he bad bad a good look at her, he went below and did not re appear until she had returned to tbe house with Iris to get ready for the day's outing. Looking at their retreating forms, Tempest said, dreamily — ' I am due at Copenhagen this day week.' ' A very important engagement ? ' in quired Anton. ' IT-no, only I hate to fail anyone.' 'Naturally. You must do it in this case, however, for we count on you as our guest until your yacht is ready to take the sea again.' ' Thanks ; you are very kind. I will gladly stay.' 0HAPTEB V. ' Of course it is haunted 7 ' said tilnnrHnn Tamnpfit. They bad a grand view of Volbynia from tbe deck of the firefly — Count Popieliaski'a yacht — as they steamed towards Sandybar with the disabled craft in tow. ' Of course.' Anton took his cigar from his month, and smiled, with some apprehension, at his wife. She tossed her head and laughed. ' I am not nervous in daylight, Anton. Besides, I have never heard all tbe story. Tell it to as now.' Miss St. Helier leant back in her low chair, and glanced np expectantly. She was looking very, very handsome, ' I love a ghost story,' she said. And again, at the sound of her voice, that slender, bearded man — one of the Bnperta'i crew who had volnntered to replace a man belonging to the Firefly who away at a friend's wedding— looked curiously at the handsome Creole. {To be Continued) 