THE HAUNTED HOUSE. The pension'examiner who had been on duty in a southern state, was in Washington for a week or two, as is the custom among that class of public servants, and lie was telling of what he had seen and heard in his bailiwick. "Oh, yes," he said, in response to a query, "there were 'ha'nts' there, for where are they not where the darkey prevails? But the real ghost of the whole section was in an old house known as Harley Hall The old house was nearly a hundred years old, and as far back as the people could remember, it had the reputation of being haunted This reputation had primarily grown out of the fact that in one of the great rooms of the house was a door leading somewhere which had never been opened, as far as known, and which resisted every .effort to open it. The room was wainscoted in oak nearly to the ceiling, and this door wais onlv about six feet high and three feet wide, anil seemed appropriate as the entrance to a secret chamber. It had heavy iron hinges and a heavy'iron latch and staple,'eaten deeply by tlie rust, when I saw it. "In response to a suggestion from the owner of the place, who was showing ine over it and telling me the story of its ghost. I made an effort-to get the door open, both^by puUing,at St and by putting my shouldel-" a^aiilst it, and push- -ing with all my strength. I even went so far as to rig a kind of a clumsy jack against it to force it open, but it refused, to budge an inch. I could "tell that it was a well made door by the sound it gave forth when pounded on, but there was no reason apparent why it should not open to. reveal what was on the otlier side of it. "The story was not a very weird one, consisting mostly of the rumor that on certain nights this door opened, and a former master of the house came forth to wander about. He had never done any harm or any good to anyone, and on the whole the ghost story was rather tame, but the door was there, and there was a mystery about that which was still unsolved through all the years. "Last year the owner of the house, at. my suggestion, opened the old hall for summer boarders, and I led the van and took the room with the mysterious "-or in it. "Many's the nighf I've sat and watchcd that door, and often of moonlight nights I've sat in the open window.waiting to see if tlie sweetness of the southern summer night would not tempt the old master to wander, but he never came forth to meet me. "One night, though, came the revelation.of the mystery. A curtain in one of the windows of a wins of the house was blowi into a candle flame, and five minutes later fire was raging. Half an hour later tlie fire was out. but the wing adjoining my room had lost its upper half, exposing the wall of the main building. In the repairs that followed this wall was partly removed, and it was •shown that the mysterious door was not a door, but merely a joke on posterity. . ~ 1 P . hy 1116 original proprietor, who bad nun a heavy hosi-ir piece .,:^— of .e oak put . in . the wainscoating. and had carved it with his own hands to resemble a door- The hinges and latch he had put in to carry the trick to the very end. That door,"' concluded the narrator, "by actual measurement was fourteen inches thick and solider than a stone wall, so that it was no wonder nobody could ever open it."— "Washington Star." 