" BEWAIUpV ' , ^.EPISODE. ..'y,-" | R (BY'T.'\Vv SPEIGHT, IN* ''ARGOSY.'') | ' \- -'T.hj incident- I amnabout to narrate hap pened many years ago, when I .was a youn fellow-oftwo or threc-ahd-tweiity. f 10 September. My friciul > -<ulf1^'ll®d ?Penfc the> preceding thrde w eeks together in a walking tour. > doin°- tlie' te 'n Jeisurely fashion, and stopping to sketch anything that > took Qur.-fancy by tlie w®re. both artists by profession,: ,, '. VU1S . done with the schools, were oathenng--hints arid' materials for the pic ""I^Tws^1?PGd t°-ha^ in-readiness f°r-oije or other of the spring exhibitions. . Fulford However, had been compelled to leave me a couple of days earlier, and-1 was now finish ingiiiy tour alone. " - The dull autumn afternoon was bcinninv to close m when the fact dawned upon me that I had lost my. way.. The route I hail laid down for myself led across a wild range ot desolate moorland, one portion of which pertained to Derbyshire, and the other to the neighboring , county of York. I Had nothing but a foot- tracic to guide me, and it was now evident that, at a point'.where it bifurcated I must have taken the wron'o path. The discovery was not a pleasant one. I ought to have been at Yarfield: by this time where my friend Ducie, whose father was rector there, would be looking out for mV anival. When I halted to consider my posi-' .n,. could.sce . tiie tract I was followin" iimamg on and; on, -like? a narrow faded" ribbon, across the heathy uplands, till finally it disappeared over a ridge a couple of miles ? or more away. ; I Gradually the evening closed in, till tlie. last trace of -twilight faded' out-6f' the skv, . and therewith the : track' became1 wholly in distinguishable. By this time I wis pretty" well fagged out; s6, having found1 a conve nient boulder, I sat down on it, and lighting my pipe, waited for the moon to rise, which I knew it "would do about an hour later. I had a little sherry in my flask, and this, with half a captain's biscuit, made another man of "C; By half-past eight the moon bad'risen sufficiently to light me oil my way. i A walk of three t>r four miles brought mb gradually down from the lofty range of moor land which I had been traversing for so niwk hours into a narro_w_yallcy, through wiiich. .ran a high road, bounded on eitlier side by ji . wall of loose stones. There was ho sign df human life visible and nothing whatever t'o guide me," and whether to turn to the ri«h't or. left I. knew not. After a moment's hesitation I turned to the right, and ploddetl wearily on. At length a welcome gleam of light greeted my eyes, and presently I, found myself in . front of a long, low, stone-built house, with a steep roof and deep eaves and lozenge-paned windows set in lead; On one: side of' it was fixed a ivater-trough, ovev ' shad6wecl by tvro spreading'elms. 'As far ris -I-eould discern,-no other-house stood near." A swinging sign proclaimed it for an inn, a fact which was further emphasised by- th'e figure of a burly carter,- -whose- team :wab standing close by, and who was just then : engaged in ;payihg- his respects to a tankard of ale. A sigh of relief escaped me; * Not a step-f«rthei~w;oukl-I- budge till the morrowl' _ ^ walked" up * to the door the carter:set . down : his empty tankard and then, with k crack;- of his whip and a -' Gee up, my beau ties;.--'got his: team-under way, which pre' sently-lumbered off downthe moon-lit Toad . - The open door of the inn revealed to. me a lott;ceilinged' rooni, with a'sanded floor an(l a wooden settle running round- Wo sides-off -it,.together -with- a coupio-of-- not" ovcrclonn . deal' tables, on which; wertf the ? riiig-niarkk _ftLma.ny_a. p,e wteiLor. earthen'.ware. measure. -T-ho j.room". was- - lighted' -by two' commoii tallow candles in'tin feconces over the fire place, and its only occupant was a woman, who was .bending, over*the-fire as -X went in, but who turned quickly and confronted -rue at-the sound of- my footsteps on the sanded ? floor, ' - . ?' . I Lifting my hat,. I said':, Can you oblige me by letting me have some supper and a bed?".- *; ; '. .- - - ; She .was-, a tliin, middle-aged, careworn looking woman, dressed in a common print gown .with a black stuff apron. Her eye lashes were perfectly. .white, and ' shaded ^ajrowy greenish-grey eyes, which looked at me with an expression such as I had never seen in'the' eyes of 'anyone before. - Cruelty and cunning were t'o be read there-or so it seemed to me. I. was a very young man, and in those days my imagination often ran away^ with me, but the impression the woman made to nie was anything but favor able." : Before replying -te-my question she con sidered me with a slow comprehensive stare, holding an- elbow in the hollow of either Hand; as she did so... . .. .... .. . . ; Then, speaking in iow smooth tones', she -; said : - "Supper : and. a-,bed did yo say, sir ? We don't generally find fol with-^bed? ; but I'll ask my.husband and lot you; know." ; With that she disappeared into an inneV ] room,'and shut the, door'"behind her; and' presently, there reached -me tho.munnur.of a ? man's deep tones. Then the door opened, and there lounged into view a heavy-browed, cadaverous-faced.' ; fellctfr,' jhicldle-'aged and i with . .grizelled hair, which was - covered by. a- c;ip made of the skin of so me; animal -with tlie- hair-outside.- --BCe- wore a frayed! velveteen .coat and' goiters, and jrjjs smoking a short clay pipe.. He, too,took-; nie" in from top to top before" speaking^ and X saw a sudden gleam: come into his eyes 4s; they restedJor a moment on some feature of' -Could it "be, the,diamond- stud: which;. fastened : my / collar, - and- -which -niy' _loosc tie_ allowed to be _seen, thai/'had eUcited-tBtv-Tswifi gleam- of. -cupidityj ? Either - that, or-- my- watch-guard,. "or bdtB. \---Sou- want-some- supper and ~a bedj niy missus tells me," growled tlie fallow without removing his pipe, Wei?,-, yoncan. fiaVe -'«m^oth^why-not-?'! ile'pushed up his,c;m: ..a little v\;ay, scra-tched liis.Head .for a moment or. two, and then slouched out df sight again. \- -that moment' were anythiiio "Biifc enviable". i-""f . 'iV.V ; Presently the-woman: reappfeared| carrying' a brass_ candlestick with a lighted candle in it° and led the way into a sort of parlor, doubtless the best roominthe house. Although the floor was sanded-, there was a substantial mahogany table, with hair-seated chairs and a sofa, ;aH, however, much the worse.for wear. A few cheap prints decorated the walls. . , . : " We have nothing in the liousei sir,- but soine "gold" ribs','of. beef, " unless . you.wQuld prefer eggs and;bacon," said the woman, "who spoke . iii. . a tone which . implied; a. certain amount of education 1 .. . . " The beef will do capitally," I answered, '' )Yith a cup .of tea, iiot and^.strQng.-",. X had eggs arid;bacon-pujfc before me so often in the' .course of the past fortnight that I felt as if I should never'want to set, eyes on' th'em igain.-: " 1 When the' wonnin Was.'gqriq'I divested; my self of my-knapsack, -and tossed" it and -iny" sketch-book on the sofa.- Then I sat down on the. most comfortable chair I could find,' and -proceeded to" consider my position. Certainly "I likedneither"th> man'slooks nor those ot his wife,,-and,-.taken .together, ;they filled me with: an indefinable sense of mistrust, while some thing seemed to whisper, ' to me to be'oii my guard. -Then-T told myself that' want of food AnA..jKS^t-Migue._w.r.e..Jbreeding a.lot. of ridiculous notions in my head,- and that my ljincUord and his wife were probably two as Honest and well-meaning folk as could have been found in the country-side, although not, perhaps, of the most prepossessing appear ance. After a sound night's sleep I should wake up and laugh at myself for my pre posterous fancies. ; Nest moment I opened-my eyes very wide indeed. | Into the room, carrying the tray contain ing my supper, came one of the. finest specimens of youthful womanhood it liad ever been liiy good fortune to set eyes on. She ' was tall, with a figure which might have been modelled on the lines of Juno, full, firm, and rounded, and she was probably about twenty years old. Her features were as nearly 1 pure Grecian as one ever sees them in these northern latitudes ; her complexion had the clear paleness of an ivory carving, but it was the pallor of perfect health. Her brow was low and broad ; thick silky coils of raven hair were twisted round her shapely head, while the large luminous eyes which she bent upon me were jet black as to color, but had in them a strangely wistful, even pathetic expression which I was wholly at a loss to account for at the time, but which after-knowledge fully explained. She was dressed in a blue and white cotton half-gown with a petticoat of some dark stuff, and I noticed that her large, but finely-shaped hands were somewhat roughened with hard work. It seemed impossible that so stately a I creature should be a daughter of two such people as my host ancl h'Ostess ; equally im possible 'that she should, be an ordinary domestic drudge. My artistic instincts awoke on the instant, :' ;\Vhat a splendid model she -would make j!' .was-my first,thought. *1 wonder whether it would b6 possible to get her'to sit to me.' ' Can-you tell me how far lit is from here to Ya'rfield !' I asked, as she proceeded to arrange the supper things; : '. 'I 'ha'd.already noticed ~t'hat;-round~ her neck was a ribbon,'' fromWvliich hung a small square cardboard, the purpose of which I was at;a loss to.'imagms. This .she now turned'and held so that I could see what was written on it. ? .-.? ?- : 'll.am.dumb,".wore, the words I read there. '' Great' heaven ! -what a- terrible mis fortune'!" -1 involuntarily exclairtied aloud'; but before I had recovered from my stupe faction she had left the; room. Evidently,: however,- she was not deaf as well as dumb, or she would not have heard tho question I put.to Her., "I must try and make some ar-. rangement to-morrow for getting her to sit to me," was .my mental, remark as I drew my chair up to .the table and proceeded to attack the ribs of beef. ? : ' ' It was certainly a disappointment when, my hunger satisfied, I rang the bell, to have -it-responded to by my landlady; and I may: here remark that, greatly to my regret, I saw nothing' mere of my. yoWthful' Juriov Ih.: answer to a question, my . land lady informed me, in a grudging sort of rway, that the girl; ,was an orphan niece, and. that she had lost her speech when a child through the shock of seeing her father accidentally killed. ' After "qrdering"a glass of grog "for the good'of .the house," as the saying goes, which, however, I found too vile to be drink able, rang the bell again and asked to bo : shown.tp..mybQdro.omJ for.by. this_tinifi.ijLKas.'i all I could-do to keep awake. i . . - ^ter-having bidden, my 'landlady-'-good-' Xicht Sn$'lbj3&ed; iny ,rbo'ni;' door behind her, ' I""proceeded£0 .iake's^qk'.of.my '.surround-. r ings;-Theirouse-w^- evidently-^ "structure ? of spme'antiqmtyfjand^at oqte ti6ie[Had proj-. bajbly :15een. .tljie.-home-.of fome \v.ell-to-db' family, seeing that the wal^pf my'bearpbiri . wero panelled with.oak, now black with age; as,.were also the walls of the corridor which" led to it. The bedstead, top, which was a'' massive four-poster with faded moreen hang ings, together with-the rest of the furniture," might have belonged to the same period; they being all of substantial mahogany. When, staying for the night in strange inns, I always made a point of satisfying my self as to the dryness of the bed linen, and niore than once'it happened'that I preferred to re'at .the night through on a chair rather than trust myself to .its tendpr mercies. So now, holding the candle aloft with one hand, with tho other I flung back the outer cover ings of the bed. Next moment I started back with an inarticulate cry of surprise and alarm. In tho middle of the bed and only a few inches lower than the pillow, lay a long narrow- Waded, murderous-looking knife, ^vhich:oaughtand flung back the candle-light with a chill, steely glitter, such as, under the circumstances, was enough to make a man's -blood run cold !-- - -" How long I should have stood and stared at it I know not, had not my. eyes been at -tracted'by another object lying within an inch -or two'of'the knife,-Oii'b'ending over I saw that it was a scrap; of paper' pinned to' the pillow.'" A moment sufficed to unpin" it "and -possess-myself-of it. On it,-in an awkward sprawling hand, but whether a man's or a woman's was impossible to judge, wa3 written theorieword:-"Beware!" . I- placed my candle 011 the dressing-table ' and sat down. ' Of whom,' -or of what, was I to beware ? That the warning was' intended for me, and me alone, I could not doubt, nor was it hard to guess that it was the dumb girl who had been at the pains of doing me this great service. That indefinable some thing which had looked at me out of her eyes when her gaze met mine \vas now-made clear? to me. She had wanted to warn_me against some'hidden" danger,-but badnot known how; to do it. None tho less effectual, however, had been the plan her woman's wit had Ailti mately hit upon. Myr heart" went 'out in silent gratitude to her as I sat there. But not much time must be given to re flection. It behoved me to be up- and doing. That my life was in imminent danger there was no room to, doubt"; : J The firet thing" that'I' did ' was to pick up the knife and examine it, I could not repress' an inward shudder as I ran my thnmb lightly along its keen edge. Armed with it, any possible assailants would hardly fail to find me a dangerous customer to deal with. My next step was to examine the room more thoroughly than I had yet done. The door-of substantial flak, had been locked by 'me, an'd'T now satisfied-myself that it:-was next to impossible'for'any'oiie tirbbtain ad'mission' tliati'way. Thq.^indp.w hadi-oi-sole opening ;a.nafTpw casement which a .child of six would .have liad a difficulty .in! squeezing, through. The: ih'imney, as- a: means :of either' ingress or egre'sk,; was"equally ' out',of;'the. question, tfnd'erlthe' bed' tlier^ ^;AsV nobbdy';'jiidd6n/ From wh'atVfluarter^ was. the -.dagger tp.be lookedior.? U s !.. - ,;}I have already mentioned* that »the room ivas.a ..wainVcot'ed' one;1 '"'.Such thingsf, ai' sliding panels have. beeiThqird of before'-'to :dayr'""T"mu{Sered to'myself '; "arid:wltli that Pbegan to test the wopd woVk, panel by paiiel, druirimirig: lightly oil ea-h with the- fingers of -my right hand. - Ah ! hero is one that sounds' differently froih the rest," 'that' rings hollow, and as if there were : an opening behind : it. latest it further; and it vibrates slightly under; iuy hand. .Doubfcless;it- can.be opened from the other side' by means of a hidden spring. It is from this quarter that my- danger;will come. So far I am satisfied. " 7 The<bedstead-'stopAin :one corner, about a couple of feet removed from the wall. While e'xamiriilig the room I had noticed that behind the-'head -of the bed- the'ro - was'a boll-pull fixed to a vrire'.in* the ceiling, which," ]lfo'w ever, had beeh'cut' short 'at a "heigh't of six feet or so from the ground. A sudden : thought struck: me;': :In my knapsack.was: a small ball of string (useful-for various-pur poses when- touring),- which I now lookb'd'for and found. HaviSg mounted a chatf, I pro ceeded to tie one end of it to the fragment of bell-rope, and then, after cutting a slit in the hangings I carrifed 'the string through the hole:thus made to a: point under the pillow, where.my hand could readily grasp it. By the time this was effected my candle had burnt down-to its last- halfdnch,' and five minutes later I. shoulfl be in darkness;' 'Bat ing taken off my coat,' vest, necktie and collar,., -and-loosened-my-braces, -I - drew aside -the check window blind so as to allow such faint light as was afforded'by' the moon, which was now hidden behind a fleece of filmy cloud, to permeate the r'tforni . Then, just as my candle guttered^ down :and -.- went; out suddenly, I kicked'offmyslippers'and scrambled into bed. - A minute later I had fixed myself in, the position in which I intended to await what-' ever'might happen first. My right'hand,' hidden by the bed-clothes, grasped the knife ; riiy left hand had hold of the string. I lay',; <}irectly Facing tho panel, through .wjiiqii ji: foltassur.ed that anyone who counted on talc-f ing me unawares would make his appearancb.! Should'the necessity arise, I could slip out at the .back, of the bed and thus have it,be-" tween myself and my 'assailant's. A. faint, silv.ery.light .pervaded the joom.in which aJl objects looked vague and ghost- liko, So long as the need of action was. upon mei;: so long did my nerves maintain their tonsitoV but now there was nothing for mo to do save to lie where I was and wait, a. great fear, arid depression took hold'of me, and though still resolved, should the necessity arise, to sell my life as dearly as possible, it seemed to me that there was very little likelihood of my issuing from that room alive. Of course in any encounter a great deal would depend on the number of my assailants. For aught I knew to the contrary my landlord might have three or four confederates below-stairs, in which case my chances of escape would be small indeed. Such and such-like were the disquieting thoughts that kept me company as I lay there listening as I had never listened . before for the coming of I knew not what. At length it came-a , sound of stealthy, footsteps on the stairs, but so faint that but for the midnight stillness wliiclupervaded the' house, it would have been inaudible. Nearer came the sound, pausing at my door for a moment and then passing on. Presently it ceased and ,then I heard the momentary creaking of a door, as it might be that of the: room next mine. Evidently the crucial moment was at hand. Taking a firmer grip of my knife and satisfying myself that the string had not escaped from my grasp,.I fixed ,my eyes on the wainscoting opposite me, . and scarcely breathing waited. A few seconds passed and then, almost without a sound, the panel which had rung hollow to my finger-tips [ glided back, and there, framed by the cavity I stood my villanous-looking landlord and his wife, he carrying a knife almost the counter part of mine, and she holding aloft a lighted lantern with a horn slide. They stood staring at me- while . one might have counted six slowly, as -1 lay there with narrowed.lids to all appearances fast asleep. Theh the man made n. step' forward into the rooiiV closely followed by the wnoman; but'the instant they had done so there camealoud im perative 'ringing at- a bell below-stairfe. .Never wore twoipeople-'more-.'startled than my would-be assassins. ..They g&zed; at eadli, other in duiiib terror for a: moment or two, after which they Vanished- as noiselessly as they had come," closing thepanel'behind them. What I had done_.was simply to pull tlje string between my fingers as'far as it' would yield and then'let'it' go:! 'My ruse-- haid answered its puifpose evennnore.corhplctely than I had ventufM't'o'hope it'w'crald. , I. But it was far'from certain ;that the wretches would not . return when once they had got over their .fright, and although I was w'orn-out with fatigue-I durst, riot venture to close my eyes for a>moment, lest, in my q.wti despite, I: should fall fast asleep; ': ' ? ! Well was it for mo I did not, seeing that iii: less than: art hour the; mail -and' his wife-' were back . again. J was still lying to' all"Jsee'ming just as they had left 'me. It: struck imC that the", man had been drinking heavily ; in . the, interim, probably with the ;object . of stimulating his .courage.". As: before , there- was; a >certaiii: ?hesitancy in their movements ; and-, as before, stood and 'fixediner with their eye§, as if;to make sure I was_reallyasleep... Then it Was that a hollow voice; which seemecl to proceed ?from - behind - them, broke the silence, .".Wretches.! an.unseen eye is watching you, V it said, 'and;close upon "the-words the. bell rang-again'/'--"-A l,6w' cry . broke ;fro:i) -the" -womarif-and-for-a- space- of-' several' seconds tliey 'both seemed;<:paralyled.1; Then; witli iishen 'fa'cesV't'hfey' sltinki.qjiibtly back, oiit.of -siglitrslwt-fciiJg7y»e-panel fbeliind 1them-. j ,This tfthdT'liacl broii'g-h't;4iyt'0-req«igitioi my, skill ijs.aii amateur Ventriloquist; i It;wap =aa acquirc^'Snfcir jwth cultivated "as-ai^boyl, greatly to_my father's annoyance,' '-bnt^ lrad ^ -rarely rpractlsecHt oi late- years::.trtBy swrfiajb : simple' means is >-aft' evil- .purpose; sometime^ defeated.!. . -;!-j;f-:''' ^ . ! I-was 'not disturbed1, "again. . During the 'rest "of the"nightT slejit by fits and starts,, k. few. minutes., at :a .time... .Never .was'.day break more welcome to me than it was'that morning: ... .... ! I was downstairs at an early hour, and having paid my bill, I set out at oncer. Neither'bite nor - sup more would I have in that accursed house. -: I saw no one but this landlady^' She stared curiously at mo out of. her grey-green-eyes,-and-I returned the-look with interest, Then her gaze fell before minel I would fain have seen and thanked the dumb girl, to whom I felt that' I owed my life; but for hor own sake, I durst not ask for her. At a. curve . gf the road I turned to take a last look at the house. Something seemed to tell me that the girl .was watching my departure from an upper window, but as the woman was also watching me from the . doorway. I \yas afraid to wave her any signal of farewell, and - so had to go on my way; a little sad at heart to think thap her fortunes- shouM_in_ any. 'jivay.-be- Jinkeij with those of the two wretches .from whom I had had so narrow.an escape. ; i I told my tale to the police authorities at Yarfieldj leaving them to .take such steps ap the circumstances seemed " to . warrant. I heard afterwards that, on going to the innj they .found-it shnt.up.and. itaJmnates^gonei G-arnock-^and.,hi5^?: wife^for . that, was the -precious- couplers name-for reasons best . kiiown to themselves, Jiad;disappOard witliouf; a word to anyone. They' had' only lately been put" tmtiporarily'in cliargc" of the" h'ousej the owner having lately died and the proj perty not having yet found a purchaser, ij; seems that their reputed niece had only been staying with them for some days prior tq their disappearance, and that no one in the .neighborhood knew anything of her history! But inariy a time and oft in the years whicli have come a»d-gone since then haa the imagi of tliat beautiful dumb girl haunted my 'dreamsiboth'sleeping and when awake. | " O'nce'agairi, s6nte six or seven years later; I saw .her, but only for a space of a few seconds. It was on the terrace at the Crystal . Palace; on a firework night, while the whole vast assemblage of faces was lighted up with colored 'fire.- She was - standing within a dozen yards of nic, leaning on the arm of a stalwart-looking young -man, her husban^ ur mistakably. It seemed to me as though my eyes'.had been drawn to her face by the attractive force .vhich her own intense gaze exercised over me, for that she had been the first to see and recognise me was evident. j As far as I could judge, she seemed both wetf and happy* but the light went _out ai .-suddenly- as-it bad .-come rtfjiile'l w-a'istiljl -staring, rooted toihe spot. At orico.I' began' to. make my way through the crowd, towards the place whei-e she had Hfiecn standing," but. when the light flashed out again she was na-' where to be seen.' - - 1 'J'HE .BLAYED Hm.-~Unfortunately/'far the amusement of the generalrreader, jth'ere is*, nothing new in this world. Whatever" happens has happened-before. JohannOp penheim, a Teutonic trombonist, by " blayinjg' yat was on ze paper," -(as-reported)/-only;dip what a countryman/of iisVin cornet player.ip a very, fair London orehe5tra;.;had dqnoihefoiie .him. - M Let's have that over^ again," re- ; Iquested-; the ' conductor SurpriseU-atTiearing.,! a note! ty'hicli. ^asnot.iritHe.Bcpr^l.^'IIhe' jiofie : was sounded' agaia*.^4i'.^u>M yoii .playing 2".-.rhe;.askEd-;.^ti,]asL''r ;;'':X>a^i". . playing yat is on ze pap^" said thejeornetist; "I blay. vait is before mp." "Let me haveja ; look."' i3?hB c'orri'&'tisV' h'anHed Tiim'his >par^.. " ynij;, \ yojirr?fr. ~ Jcbiatral* '.'tjw ??rcKef, "Tfirn't yoii see that this is a ''dead 'fly"!' >:>f.' (I-. ;doa!t isare/'/WS the'ivnsweri^'be^wfis-.theije and I blaved him.""''.- --. ??' >. V J V.. s. ,? j , Pcxhonary, CtoN^uMPXiON'i-i-Consumption ja, at once'communicable and preventable. Patho logists state that it may affect any organ or. tissue of the body. When it attacks the lungs. itf3'known-by ;the qualifying name of pulnfon '^vVpo.hsV'niption., In this form it canses^abpift qhe-'fourtli of.all deftths' tfccurrilig'iii' tifd "Iftxftiap' faniilv.. lilore.than-onb-half of the' eritir^adutb; population,is at sonj'e pericid .in'^life'injured'b!y_: Ui-, -The.germ-- tubercle- bacilius-^is/the.-.cause,; and .the sole ..Cause, jof.* -tuherculoB.is,. ,;The3e germs,, finding their - way - through: the. niouth into'the body; multiply fcliere,Vif.;fatorin<j' circumstances exist, and-producq -ilew-growths or tubercles-, which tend'to soften:. ' DigchargcV from these softened nodules; c'ontainrag'living, germs, are thrown off. from- the body. Expec-' toration in pulhionary consumption expels eno^-'1 moas-quantities-many roilli©ns-of-them-in the. space of twenty-four hours. Their power if" 'mischief, even vi'hen tH'oroiighly dried, may re main unimpaired for long periods. Tuberculosis: cannot happen except. thw>i)gh direct communt-. "caticjn'With feome inditidiial or animal afflicteU by that disorder. ? .-. (. Stokiso THE HvMAKtediKE.-A' man doin^; _a fair day's wprlt ne^ds for the fuel and stoking . of the human qngineabout 300grains of nitrogen . ' Etrid 4,800 grains of 'carbdri f<Joa. - "Tlie first item supplies his tissues and builds up the itoii oE tlie human engine, and the second item repre-^. sents the'coal and':.w^er,..or.)3nergy-p^ materials.^ ' Qf.ihe''fqrriieii tldss of foods,''nieat juicei milk^urdt.and tUe-like arejeiampjea.; of the.latter,.starches, sugars,-and feife ai-Qrepre-' tentative.. .Now, SOO.igrainstLof,-nitrogen-and. 4,SOO of carbonaro fairlyroprescntod- by 'Jib. of ? beef and 21bs. of-bread. I;am not-allctw-iilg for any . waste: -here :'(s;tys;"Dri JVVfls6tf JIfajasHieV'or. adding the necessai-y water. The amounts .I give are to'pass" into the blood aijd -'be- at the' service of the body. Thus utilised, ~ we find these items will repair the bodily los^, for 24 hours, and aftord the energy for the day's work-bodily and- external work - both - incIiiT sive ? : ?; . OCCUPATION'S OF tiik IIotnEiis or NOTABLE NAMES.-Celebrated names are to be met with in the Berlin Directory, says the Daily Neuis. A modern C;esar is the editor of a Stock Ex change Correspondence, Augustus is a 'bus conductor, Marius a brassfounder, Cocceiu3;a head waiter, Claudius a masseur, Cassius:a bookbinder, and Valerius a pattern-maker Of all the great "Romans" of Berlin, Cicero alone has adopted an occupation corresponding to that of his distinguised namesake, viz., thjit of Chancellor at the Italian Embassy. The heroes of history and tradition are also repre sented in modern Berlin. Thus, William Tell is a draughtsman, Roland a soapboiler, Tanh ha'user" an hotel servant, Siegfried a private tutor, and Hagen.a peaceful stove-setter. The modern Wittekihtl can exhibit hia courage a-i a bank director by discounting doubtful pape'r, and Richard Lowenherz, (Lionheart) as ja chemist by handling explosives. The earlier French regal dynasties are,, represented by Capet, a joiner; and Valois, an insurance agei|t. Of German historical calebrities, Martjn 'Luther runs the "Restaurant zur Warzburg," Wallenstein is a bill discounter, Ziethen sells flour on commission, the Pappenheimers aye mortgage agents, Blucher a postal official, and Scharnhorst a tailor.' Among tlie philosophoVs are to be found Plato, a policeman ; Schopen hauer, a parcel delivery agent; Schleiermachdr, who deals in sewing machines-; Leibnitz,1 a wholesale dealer in gum arable ; and Kant, the 1 owner of a registry office for female domestic servants, 