TURF GOSSIP. BY TXBUHOA. What a lucky man Billy Jones ia!'* was the remark one heard on every side after New haven had been beaten in the St. Leger. In the face of the colt's defeat last Saturday Mr. Jones probably was lucky in not baying him back ten days ago, but,however lucky Mr. W. T. Jones may have been in most worldly matters, he has made some very bad bargains { in horseflesh. Dreadnought, Capstan, Sinecure, and Lord Randolph, at the prices Mr. Jones paid for them, must have proved very costly. ~ Nor is it likely that Litigant and Gresford were in credit when they left the turf. Both won races, but Litigant; coat 1,550 guineas and Gresford was probably not obtained much nnder four figures. The i Happy Land filly bought for 470 gnineaB j was ruined by an accident soon after she was pat in training, and up to now St. David mast owe his owner a good deal of money. On the other hand, Mr. Jones has owned winners of big races in Bravo, Maybe, New haven, and Summerlea. Perhaps he has j done as well in a few years as any man can j expect, but it must not be forgotten that I he has paid for a number of costly failures. | If Mr. Jones is entitled to be called lucky, Mr. W. Cooper, the owner of Newhaven, can, on the other hand, claim to have been one of the moBt unlucky of racing men prior to getting the Derby and Cup winner. With Trenton he just missed the Melbourne Cup, and Niagara, one of the best horses FoulBham ever trained, never won hia owner a race of any importance. In England Mr. Cooper promised to do well nntil he snddenly de termined to seli off and parted with a future Two Thousand winner in Kirkconnell. Since Slr&thmore; won in 1892, the V.R.C. St, Leger has been noted for disaster to the favourite. When Culloden won in 1893, odds of 3 to 1 were laid on the Derby winner, Camoola. The race was run in the mud, and Camoola could not raise a gallop, bnt at the end of the meeting, when the going was hard, he easily turned the tables on Culloden in the Champion Race. Patron was well backed for his St. Leger, but Carnage was the favourite. One of the greatest upsets of the race occurred in 1895, when The Harvester, who looked a great paper certainty, was bowled over by Preston, Mr. Miller's little brown running the distance in Srnin. 13£sec., and thus beating all records for the mile and three-qnaiters and 132 yards. The Harvester followed closely in the footsteps of Camoola by running third for the Australian Cup and then romping home for the Champion Race, in which Preston ran second. Wallace's defeat by Cabin Boy last year was a most unpalatable fluke, the race being fairly stolen, and on Saturday The Officer avenged The Admiral and The Har vester by upsetting the odds laid on New haven. It was only fair that Mr. Cook should cause a surprise in the St. Leger, as though The Admiral may have been beaten on his meritB by Gibraltar, who was undoubtedly a good horse, there can be no question about The Harvester s defeat having been a lluke. The Leger is fast becoming as dangerous to meddle with as the Oaks. When Laundress won the Newmarket Han cap at 50 to 1 iu 1895 there were plenty of bookmakers who declared they bad lost on the race, and although Tom Hales had no dif ficultj-ingettin?£l,000to£40aboat Carlton on the coarse be is said to have been a bad horse for the ring. It is hard to conceive the ring as a body loaing over such a long-priced horse as Carlton, and it is safe to say that fair fielders would have suffered more had Valiant, Ayrshire, Orient, Survivor, Wait-a bit.or Sunbury triumphed, but no doubt some bookmakers did lose over Carlton. At one time he was in strong demand, and although there are no big winners, the public had a decided fancy for Tom Hales's geld ing. He was sufficiently well handicapped to induce me to dwell on his chance when ever I wrote about the race, bat I must con fess that on the Standish running I thought Ayrshire would beat him. It was his defeat by Acton that caused the Flemington people to desert him, and there is no doubt Carlton's owner, as well as the touts, lost confidence through this gallop. Acton would seem to be better in private than in public, bat I daresay he will pick up a nice handicap be fore the end of the season. Since he started racing in hia own name Hales had sever won a good race until Saturday. He bought Carlton at Mr. Aidridge's first sale for ICQ guineas, and on the some day he laid out 705 guineas in three other yearlings, and the only winner he got outside Carlton was Lady Love, who won the Juvenile Stakes and Holiday Stakes at CaulGeld. Carlton had been most nnlucky up to last Saturday, his only wins oat of 32 startB being the V.R.C. Railway Handi cap, the A.R.C. Norwood Handicap, and half of a V.A.T.C. Nuraery Handicap and the S.A.J.C. Baker Handicap, which he divided with The Harvester and Brilliant respec tively. His brilliant win on Saturday should give Carlyon a much-wanted lift. A correspondent, writing from Tocumwal, has something to say regarding the decision given in the Summer and Notus case, par ticulars of which appeared in " The Austral lasian" of last week. He wants to know whether the V.R.C. mean country stewards to understand that a disqualified horse can be ran at meetings other than the one he was disqualified at, provided an appeal has been lodged and the disqualification not endorsed by the V.R.C. He points out that no matter how flagrant a esse may be, the owner of a disqualified horse may have the use of his horse for perhaps a fortnight if the Y.R.C. ongoing to allow the fact of an ap peal having been lodged to debar stewards from refusing the disqualified animal the right to 8tart. I did not understand that the V.R.C. adopted the Numurkah disqualifica tion of Summer became his Rochester die raff qualification had been not appealed against, ] thought they had decided that a horae dis qualified by any registered stewards could not ran again nntil bis owner bad success fully appealed or the sentence bad ex* pired. I quite agree with my correspon dent that it ia a mistake to let a horse race on pending the decision of hia owner's appeal. The borse should be con sidered rightly disqualified until bis owner has proved that the local stewards were wrong. If this is the committee's interpreta tion of the rule or rules, it is to be hoped the revising committee will deal with the matter. In the event of the V.R.C. endorsing the original decision, all sorts of complications might arise with regard to races won by the horse while the appeal was in abeyance, or would the V.R.C. rale that the second batch of stewards, having knowledge of the appeal, were bound to allow the disqualified animal to start? In the Summer and Notus case there was no appeal, and the V.R.C. held that the Numarkah stewards were right in depriving him of the stake he won. But my correspondent says that the Ncmurkah rating was only upheld because there was no appeal against the Rochester verdict. ?ft* "V-* Mr. T. S. Clibborn this week advertises particulars of the Kirkham yearlings to be sold during the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting in April. There are 18 altogether- nine colts, three geldings, and half a dozen fillies. The Abereorn colts, with one exception, have not been gelded this year, and some of them are a very decided improvement on those which Carbine's old opponent has previously sired. The first on the list is a chestnut colt by Abereorn from Lady Vivian, the dam of Volley, Corvette, and Vivian. The colt is full brother to Vivian, who has already made l his mark, and will be the best four-year old running at Randwick next month. The i brother to Coil looked good when I Baw 1 him last, and several people who have seen him lately say he has more than fulfilled his j early promise. He is far and away the best J looking colt Copra has produced. The I brown colt by Abereorn from Etna should be good, and the chestnut brother to Met ford will be found a decided improvement on Mr. Bailey's colt, whom he badly beats in the matter of size and power. One of the finest yearlings I have seen is the brown colt by the imported Gossoon from Cinna mon, the dam of Abereorn. The English horse also claims colts out of the flying Trieste, and Perfume, a daughter of Prim rose. There is another Carbine colt, the dam being Ravenswing, a sister to Loyalty and Bonnie Scotland. Among the geldings I remember a nice bay brother to Vanitas. | The fillies are all out of good mares, and the sister to Blue Vest should be sought [ after for her breeding alone. i 1 " -jfiv 'ill fri L<: : is V , , \%?:; I . l "A <. . m* ! ;Vi'H i * i ; I Some items of interest are to hand from India, viz., the success of several Austra lian-bred horses at the Calcutta second meeting, at the latter end of January. The Hooghly Plate was won by Clarice, a mare by Lochiel, who won a double event at San down-park last July. Idolater started at 6 to 4 on for the Merchants' Plate, the op position consisting of Monastery, Jack o* Lantern, Fortunatus, Ilchester, and the English horse Vatersay; but the Australian Cup winner suffered a neck defeat from Monastery. The winner stood at 12 to 1 in the betting, but the totalisator paid a dividend of 19 to 1. Monastery and Vatersay both ran in Mr. Apcar's name, and Vatersay was said to be the better of the two at home, but the result did not materially concern the owner, who does not bet. The Go lightly Stakes went to Cleric, by Mentor, who beat Lead On (favourite), Stern An chor, Muscovite, Repudiation, and other Australians. The Australians' star was again in the ascendant at the Mozufferpore meeting, for besides the successes of several ponies from these parts, Denman (by Ches ter from Goldfinch) won the Ramasha Narain's Cup, Kapo the Hurdle Race, Stan ley the Civilians' Cup, Ding Dong the Durbhanger Cup, Meuangle (brother to Denman) the Creswell Cup, and Profit the Agents' Cup. Among the horses beaten at the meeting were Wilton and .Hopetoun. iff The "Indian Planters' Gazette," after quoting the leading article which appeared in the sporting columns of "The Austral asian" anent the abolition of the uncom promising post and rails, and stonewalls which prevail at Fleminfjton, and the advo cacy of the" adoption of fences of the English pattern, says:-"It is a matter to which we have often referred, and we are now glad to see the leadingauthorityonmatters of sport in Australasia taking up the parable." The "Gazette" adds:-"If a man in 'England rode a horse at high timber at the pace that our Australian cousins do, he would not only be considered a fool, but he would break his neck to a certainty. In Austra lia, of course, the hows are timber spe cialists, they jump little else from their foal-hood upwards, but nevertheless it seems to us that in asking horses to go at hurdle-raciug pace over iron-bound ob stacles of the order of those in the Flemiug ton course is hardly humane. There is not, so we have often been informed, a ghost of a chance for a horse who strikes a fence down he goes-and more times than not it lays hiui up, as well it might when we come to consider what the consistency of the ob i stacle is that he has taken the liberty with. Of course there is a lot of truth in the safety of a big fence, but there is, or there ought to be, a line dividing the big fence which is fair and the ? 1 ? . ,rhieh is in humane. To win tb. ??? Grand Na tional Steeplechase . .t is u lot to jump, and the fences will not permit many liber ties being taken with them, but they are not by any ne of Hie unfair order. A fence can be made stiff without converting it into an agent for tlie undertaker." There was a large attendance at tlie year ling sales on AYednesday, but the absence of good buyers of a few years back, sueli as Mr. W. Bailey, Mr. W. A. Long, Mr. W. T. Jones, Mr. W. R. Wilson, Mr. J. Crozier, &c.;, made a (treat difference in tlie prices of the best lots. At first it looked as though there would be a great difficulty in quitting the stock, and Mr. Archie Yuille began to abuse ignorant members of the .V.R.C. for assisting Mr. Lloyd to abolish early two-year-old racing, but afterwards matters improved very much, and the auc tioneer forgot his troubles about the two year-old racing. The Messrs. Miller, who used to buy cheap lots so freely, were a long time before they bought anything, and their not buying was ascribed to there being no young stakes in August and September. Lventually, however, Mr. Miller did pur chase, and I believe his not bidding as freely as usual is due to having a great many home-bred ones this year. Apart from this, it must be remembered that, al though 47 yearlings were broken in at Mill park, Mr. Miller has not won a two- year old race this season. I would like to see the chairman of the V.R.Cl going in for something good and competing against Mr. Wilson, Mr. Bailey, and Mr. S. G. Cook in tlie classic races, but he does not seem that way inclined. The West Australian racing man, Mr. G. A. Towton, was very much to the fore, and having done so well with Neekersgats, it was not surprising to see him bidding freely for young ones by the Morphettville sire. Mr. D. S. Wallace had three Carbines in liis lot, and there was plenty of demand for them. Mr. P. T. Heywood, who trained Duenna, got her grandson for 130 guineas. Mr. Frank Austin gave 400 guineas for two colts, one being by Mr. M'Cullocli's horse Pilorim's Progress. The colt by Carbine from ' Wilga was not sold I believe, and I sup pose James Scobie will train him. He has a nice Maribvrnong Plate pedigree, and Scobie has already secured the big two year-old race twice. I was too late to see Mr. Aldriilge's young Carlyons, but heard the \A ater Lily eolt was very good. Sir Ihomas Elders lot averaged 7S' guineas, and they got little help from the Hortense and Josephine colts, who did not catch on with buyers as did Keera and Eugene last year. I believe the brother to Keera was not sold, and the chances are he will carry Mr. Barr-Suiith's colours. Mr. Towton probably got some rare bargains in these Keekersgat. colts. Maddelina's brother at /0 guineas looked very good, and t liked the Perhaps colt at 90 guineas. James Monnehan got a lovely filly from tlie im ported Theresa for 100 guineas, but the pick of these really good, fillies was Mos tvn's half-sister, sold to Mr. M'Donnel). of New South Wales. The Tyropean and Paigle fillies were good, and for once in a way the Morphettville fillies did better for the sale than the colts. There were plenty of buyers after Mr. J. V, Smith's brother to Foliage, but a patron of Andy Ferguson's stable ?ot him cheap enough at 153 guineas, lhe colt out of Faithful made a-great im pression when brought info the ring, and after a long battle Mr. Dan. O'Brien out stayed the owner of Musgo and got him for 4C0 guineas. He is a really fine eolt, the only thing I do not like about him being his relationship to Darriwell, who was a dismal failure at the stud. The seven Maiuas realised 130 guineas. The Pardon colt's hocks spoilt his sale, but Mr. W. E. Dakin is quite certain they will never interfere with him, and he "bought for a friend at 50 guineas. He is a very fine colt, and but for the pre judice against his hocks, he would have sold well. The Maid of Honour colt buyers also seemed rather shy of, but the two fillies sent up by Mr. Wilson brought fair prices. Mr. Cook's crack colt was knocked down to Mr. Kelso for 300 guineas. Of all the fillies seen, nothing looked better than The Charmer's chestnut, but there was a reserve of 300 guineas on her, and she did not reach it. Dr. W. H. Lang, of Corowa, got good prices for- his two colts. The bay by Sunrise is not a big one, but. he was one of the nicest colts seen in the ring. The grey I did not like so much, and he is by au unknown sire, hut his relationship to Key sold him. The Carbine colt of Mr. O'Shanass.v was a trifle lame, and he did not look anything out of the common, but his relationship to Carbine was in his fa vour. Mr. Thomas Hales had bad luck, but Mr. Robertson, of South Australia, got rid j of his two at fair prices. With one excep-1 tion, Mr. M'Cullocli's four reached three j figures, the lengthy chestnut oolt from Kate Dalrymple going to C. Quinn, who seems to farm the early two-year-old races in South i Australia. Another remarkably nice j youngster that goes to Adelaide was the filly j by Eiridspord from Naiad. Once more has the Champion Bace proved a dismal failure. Steeplechase horaes could have ran the three miles as fast aa New haven did on Thursday. Of coarse the dab saves half the stake through the limit of Sniin. 40aec. being exceeded, but that is small consolation to the thousands who went oat to see a three-mile race, and saw the com petitors take 3mio. 15aec. to ran the first mils and a half! Newhaven has once more asserted himself. The improvement made in him between the Saturday and the Thursday was little short of marvellous, and of coarse he is the best colt of the year. Whether he wbb the brat horse in the Cham pion Bace on the day ib not so certain. Coil's chance was thrown away by the terribly bad judgment of his rider, who kept him lengths awBy from the leaden until half a anile from home. The teak of giving ' haven and The Officer ten lengths start, in half a mile was altogether beyond Coil, although he was going the strongest of. the three placed horses at the finish. Newhaven seemed to me to have had quite enough at the finish, and the miserable pace was pro bably all in his favour, Tom Payten blames himself a good deal for Harris's stupid riding of Coil. Payten blamed Harris for coming too soon in the Australian Cup, and told him to be sure and lie off until the very last in the Champion Race. In trying to carry out these orders Harris overdid things, and as tar as Coil is concerned the Champion Race counts for nothing. No horse ever foaled could have won the way he was ridden. There was a good deal of cheering over Newhaven'e victory. People were glad j to see the champion of the spring wipe out his St. Leger. At the siime time it would be j suppressing the truth were I to «ay that there j was not a good deal of talk about the reversal j ot the Leger form. To me there is nothing j strange in Newhaven avenging him self on The Officer. The race he had on Saturday and two or throe nice gallops subsequently had transformed him into quite a different animal to the colt we saw floundering home in the St, Leger. Yet I think Newhaven is still behind his spring form, and I am doubtful about his having beaten Coil on his merits last Thurs day. It is a pity a great colt like Newhaven so constantly besmirches his reputation by a wretched performance. A real cliamp'on should be consistent, as Carbine was. He might be beaten occasionally, butlie was only once guilty of running a bad race, and then he was lame. 