. _.r. : ^-MmleiitJSydiiey..-. . . CASE. INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE, AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MEMBER OF PARLIA MENT. - LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, LONG CON SIDERED' INCURABLE BY 'THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT-VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS’ • PINK PILLS. (From the “ Australian Workman.”) j On Thursday afternoon our representa tive made- his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ol time. Heivas discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face showed him. to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about, and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale, and bearing Still the marks of a critical illness and. a period of pain, it was very clear that lie was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply , to the preliminary questions, he said : You want to know all about my case 7. Welt, .1 am glad of an oppor tunity fo tell you. The facta may be of value t« .thos9..wbo are stricken ns I-was,” ■' “ How tong were you suffeiing ?■’ I- “ Well,'twelve months ago I got so bad that I .bad to leave off work, and I .have done-nothing since then. About five years agof -nrx't.. Christmas, I met with an acci- , dent'; I was. badly scalded while taking a - -j bathu in Pitt-Street, Sydney. Since the ( . accident I have been in failin^health, and ^ the malady,-T“ was forced to give up my g billet atrthe.Hlebe Island.” , ' ' B <‘^What were the symptoms 7” \- “ Simply indescribable. The pains , were something terrible.They were just , about as much as I could bear. Tltey [ were for all the world like as if a saw were . cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I'had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself : and everyone else. .1 was incessantly, shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep, On the 23rd March lust 1 saw a well-known doctor, and he-told me that my case was utterly hopeless. • How ever, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” “ Did you-make use of the order 7” “ No ! I came home ami went to bedf, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. . Five weeks ago I could not walk across' the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My docfdrt was attending me, and did all he could by opiumjtnd ^morphja pills to ease the agony.I,was in." I was under him for five or' six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Loccmotor Ataxia, orProgressiveXoco motor Ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for. ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the. patient kicked his legs about with energy, to show' tha't medical opinion is not infallible). Well, just as a drowning 1 man will grasp at a' straw, I grasped at 1 an idea conveyed bv the advertisement 1 describing the cure effected in the case of 1 another boiler-maker in England, which I : read in the. “ Australian Workman,” by Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case ' which seemed to fit my own. I deter mined to give the Pink Pills a trial any- 1 way, and sent for a box. The effect was ! as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. ’ It was the first, appetite. and- rest I had fc-r many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move abou1. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now ! taking the-fifth box. I can walk about with the aid.of a.stick, and am gradually, 1 but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality.; ' You see those crutches there ? They.are perfectly how, and I have never used them.-They were made for me before-I* got t he Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use -them, and now I don’t wont them. , A11 I want is the stick, and I hope soqn to -do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength.” “ He is 100 per cent, better,” said Mrs Jarvi?, who had come in and taken the baby on -her -knees. “'The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man oE.him.P i -A friend who called in at-this point, said that.Jarvis looked ten years younger that day "-than he did a fortnight pre viously. ' 1' ’ “ I qap’qojy,” .continued Jarvis, “have a cold bath, and all the feeling ha3 come :B(ick in fny- legs. If I-keep on going the way I;lain;:P hope to be able'to resume work as a b’oller-maker, and yon know I have to be in the very .pink of health and strength to'Work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during -the past five years. I ascribe all the change and henefit to these Pink Pills. They hhve saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. Oh the mantelpiece there is a box of opium arid morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. - But tljey can stay .where they are, for i no longer-need them. Everybody who knows, rne has been amazed at the change fn me; They can hardly believe their eyes. ; My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here.” 1 Such is this remarkable, history, and it confirms'what os - said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonish ing cures wrought by Dr Williams’ Piuk Pills for Pale People. Th«*y cure loco • motor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which : arise from - an impoverished'state of the \- blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow j complexion, general muscular weakness, , indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head b ache, etc. ’ ;.ikr J. S. T. M’Qowen, leader , of the | Labor party -iiT the. N.iJ.W. Assembly -was - seen by '-ur reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jar vis. Mr ■ M,Gou;on: sayi>; he has known Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to oivetup his. work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve months a^o, owing to a malady which he developed. He afterwards heard that Jarvis was bod-iid deri, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He understood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incucnblp. Mr M’Gowen was, therefore.?likg.iveryone else who knew the facts, astoiindep at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr Williams’ Pink Pills are obtainable from all leading chemists, or from the Dr William.’ Medicine Co., 'Queen’s Plice, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post" order 1 box for 2s 9d, .ordozen for 14s 9d. •„< 