CHAPTER XXIII. Thc Duel on the Cliff. I saw M. d'Aubron withdraw his quivering sword from his opponent's body, and wipa 'it Arith devilish coolness upon the grass. I saw the wounded man'a eyes Axed with a glazed, horrible intensity upon tho tall, black-robed woman-ghost I thought her then at the wicket gate. And, finally, I saw her move swiftly forward over the smooth turf, and, bonding over him, gaze anxiously into his convulsed face. She would have taken his hand, but he dragged it away from her with a low, moaning cry. Moat fearful to witness was the frantic horror with which he shrank back from the pale, pitying face so close to his. "Marie!" he cried.. "Oh, my God, spare me this! I am dying, I tell you. Oh, let me be! Away! Away!" He held out his hands feebly, aa though to shut out the sight of her. With a look of wonder in her calm face, she sank on her knees by his side, and . whispered softly to him-y et not so softly but that my quickened hearing caught the sound of her . clear tone. "Victor! Victor! Don't you know me? It is not Marie! It is I, her sister, Cecile." He looked at her half doubtfully, but in a mo ment or two he was convinced. "I thought that you were dead," he whispered. "Dead to the world, Victor! Dead to all for-; mer ties. Yet, as you see, in the flesh alive. I "have come from a seclusion-which I had hoped" never to have left to. undertake a mournful task." : A great relief crept slowly into his face. He, drew a long breath, and tried to raise himself a¡ little^ I approached, and,' kneeling down, sup-' ported him in my arms. r , "Heaven has sent you both here," he said in a' firmer tone. "I am thankful! ' Stand here by, my' side and listen. . I am crossing the threshold of '. death, and I have an awful confession to make." "I have come to hear lt, Victor," she answered. "All is blank mystery to us now. You must clear: it up." "God give me strength!" he prayed. Then ho glanced around, but it was needless. The others had left us, and we four wore alone. "My timo is short," he went on, speaking with difficulty in a hoarse, broken undertone. "Listen, all of you. Ay, come close to me-as close as you will. You will shrink far enough away pre sently. The people round here, what is it they call me? Pious, good, benevolent! Ah, the hy pocrisy of it! Listen; I am the blackest sinner upon God's earth! "Cecile, you know how I loved your sister. It was the one great overmastering passion of my life. . For her sake I gave up my dreams of the Church. To win her love I renounced without a single regret the. calling which before had seem: ed to me the only means of attaining to earthly happiness. I became her blind slave, a hanger on, a parasite at her father's house, a sharer, although an unwilling one, in pastimes and scenoB which before I had looked upon only with scorn. And with what did she repay me? With her love? Alas, no! She married me, it is true, but lt waa a sorry compact. In lesa than a week ruy happiness was blasted for ever. To you, Ce cile, her sister, I say nothing of the carly days of our wedded life. I will only say that we were not. happy, and before what we called our honey moon was over I had discovered her secret. She never loved, me. Worse than that, she loved someone else. She loved your father, Lord Al cestón-she had always loved him-und she was a wrman who knew how to love. She had mar ried me merely because she was homeless and I was rich. I was a cipher only in her eyes-rather hateful to her than otherwise. At the end of the year she told me that she could live with nie no longer, and we separated. !'It^ broke my heart; hut I crept intor solitude, and hid my grief from the world.! I seht Marie, our daughter, to a convent school, and I lived here alone, fighting with my trouble, and. seeking to ease it by lightening the sorrows of others; Year after year passed away, and premature middle age stole upon me before my time. My1 heavy burden of grief grew no less-still I endured. At regular intervals I heard of your sister, . Cecile." Think of me as meanly as you like, Ce cile; I had her watched by private agents, and so keenly that her ^lightest action I knew of. By accident, one day, she discovered it, and from that time she refused to touch one penny of my money. Shu kept her word, and from that out she sup ported" herself. "Even then I continued to help her, although indirectly, and unknown to her, and I continued also" to have her watched, for I could not boar tho thought that she might have to struggle against sickness or want. I heard of her visit to you, Cecil, and when she returned to Paris, alas! that visit had suggested a fatal Idea to her. She heard from you that the Earl of Alceston believed you dead and had married again. Then she planned a. wicked thing, for which, God knows, she paid an awful penalty. "I knew-I always knew, alas!-that . Mario had loved your father, Lord .Alceston. When ha preferred you, Cecil,, that love changed into an other* feeling. How far Lord Alceston was . to blame, I cannot toil. But Mario must havo be lieved .herself injured, pr she would never have nursed: lier feelings through sn many years and then-concentrated them in.an'ill-fated scheme for revenge., She had a bracelet made like yours, Cecil. She took humble lodgings in London, and oho night sent him a noto telling him that his \vlfe,. Cecil, lived, aud bidding him go to her ' at once.. I knew this, for I had followed her to London with the one hope of saving her honor and myself from shame. I had taken my daugh ter with me in tho last despairing hope that tho sight of her child, whom she had never seen since babyhood, might soften her. Alas! Alas! Alas!" , Suddenly there was a rush of blood from his mouth and he foll back ghastly pale, with tho agony pf- death written in his pallid feature and luminous eyes. Almost at the sumo moment tho wicket gate opened and a doctor and tho village priest in lils long robe appeared: Tho former hurried up, and, dropping on his knee, made a hasty' examination, but ho shook his head almost immediately. "Hemorrhage has set in," ho pronounced. "M. de Feurget, I can do nothiug for you. Alas! you have but a few minutes to live!" Ho stood back, and the village priest took his place. A breath of fresh morning air swept softly across tho little plateau. It seemed to re vive him. The stream of' blood had ceased, and ho mentioned to us to raise him a little. "God give me strength to finish," ho prayed. "Father, stand by my side. You have heard my confession; you have seen my agony! You know all. Como nearer, Lord Alceston. I can only whisper. "' "It was at night I wont to seo her. For two days I had lingored about the door, lacking the courage to go in and plead with her. I went with pity and love in my heart. I went to make one last appeal; td tell her of our child, and to savo hoi« from shame. My old love, which had lived al ways with me, was still as strong as ever. I would have done anything in the world she had asked. I only wanted her back again, cruelly though she had used me. "Oh, my God! my God!" ho moaned. "It was "a cruel thing to send me there that one night of all others and at that hour. I met him-your . father, .Lord Alceston-coming away from the house. How I kept my hands from him then I cannot tell. But I did. I let him pass with out word or sign. I went to her. It was cruel how sho received me. She never wlBhed to look upon my face again, she Bald. She hated me. She hated our child. Sho would not hear rae speak. She bade me go. In less than five minutes I left tho house a raving madman.. I followed Lord Alceston home. I saw him enter the house by a private door, and in his haste he left the key outside. I took lt, and In a io« minutes I followed him softly. - , _ **I was In a great, dlmly-llt room lined with hooks-his library; hut it was empty. I walked restlessly up and down, waiting1 for him; but he did not come. In an evil moment my attention was attracted by a long row of curious, gleaming daggers in a dark oak cabinet. From the moment my eyes fell upon the bright steel I became a de vil. I felt tho desire to kill spring up within me. From that moment I was a murderer." A low moan seemed to creep from Lord Alces ton's lips, and I saw the woman by his side shud der with a horror too deep for expression. But neither interrupted him hy an articulate word; "If ever man in the world was mad I was mad then. I listened. From another, part of the house I could hear the strains of music and the sounds of many voices. But there was nb-one near-no one at hand to disturb me. 1 - "I took one of the daggers-the one with the bluest steel and the sharpest point I could find. Then I let myself out of the room by the private dcor and carefully pocketed the key. I rushed away. I bought a disguise at a low rag- shop on the way. The cunning of the devil seemed to come to me. I got an empty room next to hers, and when the house was silent I stole in to her. I killed ber! I killed her, with her beau tiful face flashing its hatred at me-with the mock ing, scornful words still upon her lips! Then I hurried from the house back to Grosvenor Square. The thirst for blood was upon me. A maniacal fury seemed to burn In my veins. I stole again into tho dimly-lit library. Still it was empty. But I waited. "Toward morning he came. I heard his slow footsteps outside, and I hid myself. I watched him sit down at his desk, and I planned to my self how I would kill him. I meant to strangle him; but as I crept out from my hiding-place I made some slight noise. He started and looked round. I just managed to escape observation, and while ho was ringing for his servant I slip ped behind the screen and out into the passage. "Through tho keyhole I watched you, Neillson, arrive. I saw you search the room. I heard Lord Alceston decide that it must have been his fancy. He settled down to write again, and soon with added caution I stole into the room. I drew another dagger from the case, and God help me, I killed him! "I rushed cut into the street, with his death cry ringing in my ears. At the first breath of cold air sanity began to return. The instinct of self- preservation carno upon me, and I turned and fled. I went to Dover and came back again, half determined to give myself up. Then my senses slowly returned, and I knew what I had dene. I thought of my daughter, and for her sake I held my peace. Still I was reckless. On tho pretence of identifying her I looked once more into my wife's face, and unknown, unrecognised, I followed her to the grave. Then we came back here, and my tortures commenced. Day by day, I lived in a very hell of remorse and dgony. An other man was suspected. If he should be ar rested I must give myself up. Mario would know all-would know that her father was a murderer! Such a murderer! The anguish I have suffered no words of mino could depict. Hell can offer no greater torment than earth has punished me with. And now she will know! Marie will know! She will hate her father! She will loathe his memory for ever! Oh, death, como to me quickly, or I shall die a raving madman!" It was an awful moment-an awful sight to look upon. A dying man fighting for his last breath with such words upon his lips! Strong though ho was, my master was shaking in every limb with emotion, and tho black-robed woman who stood by his side had turned a little away with her face bidden in her hands, as though the sight were too terrible for her. The priest, with trem bling fingers, drew out a cross from his robe and held it before the eyes of the dying man, but he pushed him almost roughly away. "Lord Alceston.'" he cried. There was no answer. I saw my master shrink away, compassion struggling in vain with horror in his white face. "Lord Alceston, como nearer. In a few min utes I shall stand before another Judge to answer for my crime. I do not ask forgiveness. But Marie! She will know all! Sho will curse my memory! I shall have robbed her of you, the man she loved! Ah!" Wo followed his outstretched trembling fingers. At the gate, loosely clad in a plain white dress ing-gown, with her long hair streaming in tho breeze, stood Marie. She was gazing at us as though petrified with horror, clinging with ono arm to a slender pine tree for support, and with the other pressed against her forehead. "My father! My father!" she cried, the words at last bursting from her frozen lips. "What is the matter? What has happened? Is he ill? Can none of you toll me?" She looked toward us each in turn. None of us could speak. With trembling fingers she strove to open tho postern. The dying man shivered all over, and covered his faco with his hands. I glanced toward my master. His face was deadly pale, and his lips wero moving as though in prayer. Suddenly he stooped down. "Look up," he whispered, "and bid your daugh ter farewell. Sho shall think of you always as she does now. As her husband I swear it. You alene shall answer for your sins; and may God have mercy upon you!" Like magic was the effect of the hoarse whis pered words. Again the light leaped into the dying man's eyes and peace shone in his softened face. The priest again held the cress before his eyes, and this time he nodded and smiled faintly. One hand Marie grasped and carriel lt to her Hps, where too hot, scalding tears fell fast upon it; the other Lord Alceston tcok and held in his own. A moment's deep stillness and it was over. As suddenly as it had come the light died out of his fast-dimmed eyes, and the smile slowly faded from his Ups. But the peaco remained. (The End.) iA couple of teeth, found near Weimar, are claimed hy Dr. A. Nehring to be the oldest human teeth yet found in Europe. One of them, a per manent first molar, is remarkably like that of a chimpanzee, hut not munch like that of the gorilla or orang. He also calls attention lo the fact that the first promolar and last molar are reduced in size in modern man.as compared with early mian. This was known before, hut he adds that he finds the same state of things in domesticated as com pared with wild dogs. In the former, as in civil ised iman, the jaw ls relatively feebly developed, and there is a tendency to reduction of the last molar. 