THE GBEAT PROBLEM. The discussion which has been going on in our columns in relation to our position as a church in this city, and to the question of missions and the necessity for a longer term than the three years limit, is in reality a question of organisation. That therf is a great deal in organization, every thoughtful observer will admit. And that organ ization must be in harmony with its environment, is one of the great truths -which science has taught to the present generation. At the same time, the question of missions -versus circuits, is simply ecclesiastical, whilst the real question at issue is dynamical and not . ecclesiastical. The whole problem belongs to the region of spiritual dynamics. It relates to power. If indeed it were simply a question of church organisation, the whole question would be comparatively easy. It would then lie within the sphere of the human, and become a question for committees and business men. 'We submit that the question is far higher than this, and cannot be solved without taking in God as the chief factor. The question lies here. There are multitudes of people in the city, and in the country too, for the matter of that, whom our churches, and our church ! organisations never reach. They are as far away from us in an ecclesiastical sense, as though they lived in Tim buctoo. Many of these are well edu catedj and occupy good -worldly positions. Nor can it be denied that they lead reputable lives, they live in well ordered homes, and are universally regarded as good citizens. But so far as religion, or the churches are concerned ; they . have lapsed into complete indifference. If necessary, we could quote many examples. Only the other day, in a casual conversation we heard a young lady of good parts, and who earned her own living by teaching, speak of religion as a thing utterly beneath her consideration. It was not that she was hostile, she was Bimply indifferent, and regarded the whole sub ject as one scarcely worth thinking about. And we fear she was the type of a large class of people. They love money, ease, pleasure, and have a care ful regard for honor and virtue ; but in relation to religion their attitude is that of the accomplished Eoman — Gallio, and not that of the Hebrew — Paul. On the other hand, there are large numbers of people who are hostile to religion, because religion is hostile to them, or their vices. They are those trho live in open sin, sometimes banded together in professional iniquity, and who are lawless, disobedient, and im patient of moral restraint. They' fre- quent sll sorts of places, from the theatre to the racecourse, but they would just as soon think of going to reside in the moon as of darkening the doors of a church. . Now these are facts with which we have to deal, and the real 'problem of the hour' is how to deal with them. Certain it is, that the great bulk of the people classified in the above mentioned , types, and especially Class 1, will not be reached by the ordinary methods of circnit or of mission work. How then, — shall we give up the problem in absolute despair ? God forbid ! In the days of Paul and Wesley, things were infinitely, worse than they are now, yet they never despaired. - Such a word was not in all their vocabulary, and why ? Because they believed in God, in the living Christ, and in the power of the Holy Ghost. Organisation was to them a secondary consideration. It was thrust upon them by the very fact of their successes. They were compelled to organise churches, because they saw the daily triumphs of the grace of God in the salvation of men. Without God, without the unseen but wondrous power of the Holy Ghost working upon the hearts of thousands of godless, care less, thoughtless and sinful men, they would have been but as Samson shorn of his locks. God can find a way of acce6s to the hearts and consciences of men, where we utterly fail. He can rouse our modern Gallios out of their fatal slumber of indifference ; He can bring the guilty and the sinful to their knees, snd open fountains of penitential tears. And to reach such classes as we have above mentioned, our first, our last, and only hope is in God. If the world is to be saved it must be saved by the old fashioned methods of faith and prayer, and by God's mighty spirit working in and through His people. An American writer says, ' I see brethren asking, ' How can I get souls converted ? Must I not have the baptism of power ? True, you must have it ; but there is some thing to precede the baptism of power, and that is the baptism of holiness.' Mr. Moody says, ' The weakness of the Church to-day lies in the fact that it has lost its testimony, and if there is anything that the world dislikes it is a worldly Christian.' If we are to be fellowworkers with God, we must let God come in power first of all to our selves. 