Three Weird Adventures. They were talking about terrible things. Tbey were all young men, and one of them had just finished a story of a man who had been scared to death by a gho3t. Not one of the party would own that he believed io the aupern&tural;, but the whole crowd was aerreed that theae are things that cannot always be accounted for. Finally tbey got to talking of actual experiences. The outcome was that there were three stories cold. AU of them were vouched for. These are the ?tories : — Under the Beidge. Home ysars ago in Somersetshire a young man drove out into the country to see his sweetheart. At midnight he started home ward. It was a dark night, but the young man drove a pair of spirited horses and made good time until be reached the outskirts of his home town. The only way he could get home was to drive along the bank of a river and then pass under the bridge that spanned it. When he reached the bridge il was so dark he naturally slowed up bis team. To his surprise, when he started to drive under the bridge bis team showed signs of not wanting to go on. He allowed the horses to have their own way for a time and then seeing they did not seem inclined to go on he oonnenced to urge them. Still tbey did not goon. He was patient for several minutes, and then made up his mind that the bones must proceed. The team, however, would not budge a step forward, but when urged seemed inclined to turn around. This move could not be made, however, without great danger, aB the carriage was too near the~ river bank. So, after seeing that he was not likely to do much good from it, the young man alighted and went to the heads of the horses. To hie great surprise, ho found both animals in a foam, and then he knew there was some reason for the strange state of affairs. They were plainly frightened. He soothed them as well as he could, and then he tried to urge them forward. They snorted with terror, trembled in every limb, and with dumb eloquence begged not to be forced to go ahead. But the young man had to get borne. He got in front of the horses' heads, took each animal by the bit, and started to back into darkness. His hand seemed to reconcile tbe horses, and they moved after their master. They went slowly, to be sure, but they did move, and as they went tbe man cheered them. Step by step the man and horses went along. They finally reaohed the blackest part of the darkness, the m»o still walking backward and pulling on his horses' heads. Suddenly one of the horses gave a wild snort, reared high in 'the air, and came near getting away from bis master. Tbe man turned, aud as he did so,tohif horror, f«lt himself struck in tbe face. It was not a hard blow, but »t was hard enough to cause him to ory out more in fright than in pain. Then be reached out in the dark to grasp the thing that bad struck him. His hand found it. It was — a human foot. A man bad hanged Unnlf from the bridge, aud his body swung jast over the middle of the roadway. How the young man reached his horn: be never knew, liis hair, however, did not turn, wliitp, nor did lie become a' rorin;; lunatic; but, although he has lived in tbt same villige ever since, he has not pasted under that bridge. Tiirouoh the NianT. Two young men once lived together in the. northern suburbs of London. One of them was in love with a girl. She didn't care for him, but he didn't know it. So he went on and on keeping in love. ? ' One morning about one o'clock one of tbe young men came home and found his room mate who whs in love in bed as usual. The young man sat down and read for an hour, -i-id then lifi. went to bed. .At t)jne o'clock next iiJorning he woke up, and to his surprise foand that his partner, had not yet got up/ tie thought, it was strange,' but tupposAi that Hie yoUn^man-kn*w fiis' business and would get up when he was ready to do so. So he dressed, aud was just about to leave the room when he thought perhaps his room mate was overstepping himself. So he spoke to him. He got no responce. Then he spoke again, this time loud enouglrto awaken anyone who was asleep; Tht're whs no answer. Then he stepped to the bed and and gave his paitner a shake, There was no mistaking the fact that the' man was dead. On the table in the room whs a note telling why the foolish fellow had taken his own life. He had found out: that the girl did not care for him, and that settled it with him for all time. The man who had slept with the dead body got over the fright he had received in time, but he often wonders why he did not see the note his friend left for him telling him of his act and why he had killed himself. A DiSSECTING-itoOM.STOHYV The teller of this story and another student were to do some work in the dissecting room. His friend was not ready to go to work, so .he went in ahead, and prepared himself .for. the ghastly job: It was late at night, 'but this is not supposed to make any difference to -medical students, who tre not, as a rule, troubled with any thing like a squeamish' feeling. The young man was waiting for bis friend to come, and was standing on the slab on thich rested the ' subject' on which they were to work. Scattered about the room were various things which showed what tbe place was used for. The student was snoking. -He was thinking of nothing in ? particular. Suddenly he beard a grating noiee. It was slight, but unmistakable. At first he paid no attention to it. Then, in a dim sort of way, it occurred to him that it was a rat. Presently the noise grew louder. He looked around him. Tt seemed to come from a cornfir. He listened closely for the noise, and then he was sure it came from that coropr. He looked closely, and then he thought he saw some movement in the corner II e stepped closer to the spot, and then he war sure there was something there that was ulivp. Still, lie ums not frightened in the least. He wks n. lirave yOung fellow, and was inclined to investigate the thing that wae causing him so much guessing. But in another instant he saw something that was startling. A skull was moving out of its place in the corner, and was slowly coming over the floor towards him. It was grating along, and tbe sight and sound was more than the young student was able to endure. His bravery vanished, he gave a cry, fell to tbe floor in a dead faint, and as lie dropped a huge rat scrambled from under the ghastly thing and scampered to its hole. The yonng man got over his fright in a few days, but he adopted another profession.. 