Thrice Seen. CHAPTER I.—"Inverawe." By NORMA PALMER. ELL! What are we to do with ourselves this evening? We are Quite 'three old maids of Lee.' Still engrossed in the ' Dean,' Mab ? By-the-bye, what was tbat story I heard you tolling the new curate at tea toil afternoon? I was quite grateful to you for entertaining him. Mr. Welby was trying enough, but I'm afraid this Blundell is to be the last straw. I don't know why the vicar gets such people ; for really, in the country, unless the curates are fairly passable,, going to church is quite a bore. Do leave off reading that ' Dean,* Mab, and come and entertain us with the curate's yarn. Turn the light down, and while we have our coffee—l hear Waters coming with it—we will tell ghost stories. Eh, Katie ? Haven't you a real rattling Canadian ghost story to cheer us up with ?" We were certainly not " three yld maids of Lee," as our hostess had reasarked, but we were three lonely women ; for I had been a week at Kyneton, and not a man had crossed the door, except the vicar and bis curate to tea. Mrs. Ooldie had said she could not possibly spoil an evening by being bored with them to dinner. Besides, as Major Ooldie was in Scotland, she did not feel justified In entertaining the other sex down in the country. We had been very gay and overworked in town, and we were rather enjoying the quiet preparatory to a round of garden parties, archery meetings, and the various excitements of country life. Isabel and I had been great friends in India, and as my husband had sent me h«me for a year wbilc he was to be in Burman, I was very pleased to accept her invitation to pass a little time in her country home in one of the midland counties. Kate Armour was a Canadian cousin of Major Ooldle's, and was having a year in England before returning to her native country, after a long course of school life in Paris, and Continen tal summer tours. I was reading the " Life of Dean Stanley" that had lately been pub lished, and was much struck with the story of Inverawe. " Tbat story ought to be of great interest to you, Katie," I said, as I handed Isabel her coffee. "You are of Scotch parentage, and Ticonderoga is in your land." " What is it ?" she asked. " I never heard of it." Whereupon I persuaded Isabel, who could read aloud remarkably well, and who could be intensely serious, too, at times, to read us the following pass age :— SEA SONABLE GREETINGS. " In the midst of the scenery described in •The High-and Widow,' and in full Bight of Ben Crunchen, stands the ancient ball of Campbell, of Inverawe. There, towards the middle of the last century, Campbell had entertained a party, of guests. The guests .were gone, and the host was left alone. He wav roused by a violent knocking at the gate, and was surprised to see oue of his guests, Stuart of Appin, with torn garments aud dishevelled hair, standing without. ' I have killed a man,' he said, ' and am pur sued. I beseech you, let me In. Swear nn your dirk that you will not betray m<?.' Campbell swore the solemn oath, aud hid the fugitive. He had hardly done so when he was roused by a second knocking. The pursuers were at the gate. ' Your cousin Dcnald has been killed ! Where is the mur derer ?' True to his oa^h, Inverawe re turned an evasive answer, and sent the avengers of blood in a wrong direction. " That night the bloodstained Donald ap .peared to Campbell as he slept with these words : " ' Inverawe ! Inverawe ! Blood has been shed ; shield not the murderer ! ' " In the gray of the morning Campbell hid Stuart of Appiu in a cave on Ben Cruachin ; and when darkness again fell the bloodstained figure once more appeared In the visions of the night, saying : " ' Inverawe ! Inverawe ! Blood has been shod ; shield not the murderer !' " As -Tlay broke he sought the cave on the mountain, but the murderer had fled. Again Campbell alept ; and again the figure of the blood-stained Donald rose before .him and said : " • Inverawe ! Inverawe ! Blood has been shed. We shall not meet again till we meet at Ticonderoga !' 'HPhe triple apparition and its mys terious message sank into the memory of Campbell of Inverawe, though he vainly in quired the meaning of the final rendezvous. In 1758 he went out to America with the 42nd Highlanders to take part in the war between France and England. On the eve of an engagement the general came to the officers and said : ' We mu6t not tell Camp bell the name of the fortress we attack to jnolTow. It Is Ticonderoga ! Let us call It Fort George.' In the assault Camp bell was mortally wounded. As he lay dying, he said to the General : " ' You have deceived me. I have seen Dm again. This Is Ticonderoga !' " . " I declare," Isabel said as she laid down the volume,. " though reading that story for Kate's benefit, it has made me quite creepy ;" and while Katie was telling me of several frights she had had on the Con tinent that had turned out to be nothing, Isabel asked me rather seriously if I be lieved in thece visions that people epoke of seeing. " Most emphatically, no," I answered ; but, on looking at her, I was astonished at the far-away sad expression In her eyes. " You asked me to tell you my little yarn that I was entertaining the curate with," I said. " but I think, judging from your expression, you are nursing a little yarn of your own. Do tell it to us, and I will turn down that lamp at your back. It certainly throws your fine features and fair hair into bold relief, but you will look ■more interesting in the glow of the fire light, and that red shade is Just the proper tone for a story." Having got the room as I liked it, we sat down beside Katie on the flrestool, and Isabel began : CHAPTER ll.—lsabel's Story. I have never spoken much of what I am to tell you, and I really don't know what has made me feel like this. It Is that story of Dean Stanley's that you would Insist* on me reading that set me thinking of a very strange experience In my own life. It was while we were stationed at Luck now that the sad tragedy I am to tell you about took place. A young fellow In the Bombay Staff Ccrpß, who was a great chum of Frank's in his schooldays, was staying of. one of the hotels on sick leave, and Frank used to ask him round to our bunga •low a good deal, Just to cheer him up a bit, he caid. Gera!d Bellamy was his name, and he was rather boring to entertain. He had made a mesalliance when at Sandhurst —though I knew nothing of it then—and he was more or less down on everybody in consequence. You know, Mab, how light and gay I was In those days, and how bright and beautiful I found life ; and really it was quite an ordeal to have some one sitting at ray table who, In spite of all I could do and say, would take the most terribly gloomy view of things, and who would peraistently misconstrue everyone's actions. I was kept in a constant state of standing up for people for whom I did not care two straws, simply because this man would attribute a wrong motive to every.hirg that was said and done In the station. Mark you—he was not a gossip ing man, but just one of thcee horrid cyn-.ca; people that one dO3s meet with sonetimer. The strange thing was, the more I snowed my dislike to him the more he sct-mei! to come to the bungalow, and hang ahout me generally. At the library, at the bandstand—everywhere it was the sam*. till my own " pals" called him my rLodcw. When I remonstrated with Frank about it. he only «aid, '• Poor Gerald ! he i* rei/ectlj harmless !'» Then, in his. Scotch way, he would say, " Och ! my lass1.?, you might have worse than Gerald Bellamy hanging about you. Give him all the tappiness you can. Poor fellow ! he las net known very much of it." As he was only to be in Lucknow a abort time, I thought I would please Frank, and humoured poor Gerald ac best I could. The amusing thing was, he told me of his admiration for mo, and oace or twice called me " Lalla." Frank's own special name for me. Well, cne Sunday evening—l remember ii .urell—he had been at tea, and asked If he could accompany us to church. I did go to church sometimes, you know, Mab ; Indeed, I always did in the plains. Frank aa.fl it was a good example for the other Indies In the regiment. In church that evening Frank wrote in my hymn-book, " There's something up with Bellamy ; ask him to dinner." So home he came with us. JThere were several ol the " youngsters" to dinner (for Frank alwayß made a point of asking some of the bachelors from the various regiments to dinner on Sundays, jus i to make it a bit homely tor them, he would say), and two Irian girl tourists, who bad brought letters to us from Calcutta. Knowing that the boys and the tourist girls cculd entertain each other quite well, with Frank to look after them, l strolied about in the -compound with Gerald, while he smckv'c; cigarettes. As Frank had asked me while dressing for dinner to try and get him to unburden himself, I proposed the fci:*o?l and the smoke; for me~n- can talk so much better when they aro smoking. Frank k;KI me afterwards that he had thought it was the mesalliance business that was troubling him, and thought that if he told me ahout it I might be able to suggest something to him. After a few turne, he took my arm and said, so dreamily : " It is good of you, Lalla, to plague your self with a buffer like me, but you won't be plagued very long." "Oh !" I said, " are you scon returning to Bombay ?" " Yes, I return this week," he answered ; " but it is not In that way X mean that you won't be plagued with me. What 1 mean is that nobody will be troubled with me very long now. I have got my call ;" and he laughed a curicus low, hysterical laugh, saying to himself, " Yce, at last I have got my long-looked-for call." I think I must h:*ve shivered a little, as he then said : '" You are cold, but don't let us join the others just jet. Come to your own arbour ; 1 want to talk to you." Ouls'de cur dining-room in that bunga low wfj a .square veranda, latticed with lamnoo, that I used as a kind of work and tea room, with plenty of chairs, cushions, and plants ; and that was what he called "my own arbour." Thither we went, and after he was quite sure I was comfortable he said, drawing a low basket chair up be side my kunge : " You are surprised at me talking to you like this, Mrs. Qoldie, but it is just because I have h.vl my call that Ido so. Now, you wonder what I mean ! I will tell you. " At Sandhurst I had a great friend, and during a recess, while I was In Paris, he was killed In a railway accident in Cornwall. Two or three nights before I heard of it I was at the opera hearing ' Hamlet,' and when 1 iett the Opera House I felt very eerie and welrdlike. I strolled along the Boulevard Haussman rather absently, and when crossing the Place de l'Etoilc I could have sworn I saw ray Sandhurst • chum crossing in the direction of the Champs d'Elysees. So cure was I. that it.was Wentworth—for that was his name—-that I followed him some distance, but he seemed to vanish. I turned and went on to my hotel in the Avenue d'Alma, and 6at for a long time by the open window In my room, worrying over the sudden dhapptarance of my friend, and why he should be in Paris without letting me know. However, I thought daylight would solve the mystery ; and in any case I would write to England and find out whether he was in Paris or not, as perbaps, after all, I had been mistaken. I was soon asleep, and did not dream of anything in particu-. lar. But next day did not solve the mys tery, and in two days I heard from my mother full details of the accident, and all about his death. It was a great shock to me, but the drfys and weeks went by— for time never stands etill—and I duly passed my examinations, and came out bere to join the regiment I was appointed to. The Major, I suppose, has told you all about my being wounded in Afghanistan ?" I Mid I knew all about that, and had often felt very sorry for him ; for, in spite of his queer waya, I had much pity for him. " Thank you for your kind sympathy," he «aid, and continued : " Well, the night before that terrible day I saw him again." At this I suppose*l must have given a start, for, throwing away his cigarette, and pulling his chair closer to mine, he almost whispered, " On my honour, Mrs. Goldie, I saw him, though I have never mentioned it to anyone. He just stood in the tent-door an Instant. I waa writing to my mother, and, looking up, as one does when writing, I saw him standing half-sidcways, holding the canvas back with one hand, and pointing and beckoning outwards, as it were, with the other., I can tell you I got a ocare, and yet afterwards I was not frightened for myself, but thought of ray mother." He paused then, and as I was beginning to feel a little nervous I said : " I'm afraid it was only imagination, Mr. Bellamy. No doubt you were rather worked un at the thought of going Into action. Indeed, I think your nerves are rather highly pitched now. Call the boy to bring you a ' peg' ;" for in India a little whisky and Bodawater is the never failing remedy for all eorts of complaints. Never to ray dying day will I forget the look of intense earnestness he gave me, as he almost stammered out : " Mrs. Qoldie, it was no imagination ; and I have seen him again." " Lately ?" I asked, for I saw It was no good trying to lead him away from the 6ubject. And he answered : " Yes ; last week. That Is why I was •o anxious to go to church with you this evening." Then after a pause be said, so excitedly : " Thank you for going ; thank you for all your goodness to me. I must go now. Shall we Join the others ?" At this moment Frank came for us. and really Mr. Bellamy ceemed suddenly to be transformed. Instead of the quiet, almost sullen man he was when in company with others, he was quite lively ; told most laughable anecdotes of bis boyish days, much to the amusement of all but myself. And Frank slapped him on the back, tay ing. " Way, Gerald, old fellow, having a taik with Lalla has done you good ! You are like the old Gerald now who used to fish with me in Scotland." But I waa glad when they all went away. Indeed I felt •o upsot and unnerved that I excused my self after Miss Fagan and her sister left, and vreiA to bed. For the first time In my mprried life I did not at once tell Frank what I had heard : for, as you both know, there are no secrets between Frank and me. 1 was too tired when I beard Frank come In from his drasy.ng-room—lndeed, I think I was half-asleep ; and yet now I know I heard Mr. Bellamy's voice &a; he rode away calling out quite a cheery " Good night." I had .1 miserable dream —I remember that— always seeing Prank stooping over some thing -vnich I could not see. He was going out coursing in the early morning. I thought nothing of it, as he went out so often, and when he brought me my " chota hazrl" (my early cup of tea, Kate), he said : "You aro not very well, I think. You were very restleEa and excited in your sleen Try anJ have a little nap now, and I win have v talk with you when I return. Rg raenibor, you have to do the honours at our tennis maich this afternoon, and you know I always 1110 my Lalla to look her best whei our legiraent Is doing anything." Oh • if I had only told Frank then ! But he never blamed me. Bo&ldes;, he was goinp; out, and anxious to get away, and, as lie Bei.l afterwards, " Had you told me, Lalla, I would only have called it an old wife's yarn." Well, I had a sleep, had my bath, ana attended to my housekeeping—you know the way we did in India, Mab—and the ayah was brushing my hair, when Frank came in. I saw at a glance something was wrong, and I am sure I almost shrieked : "Is Gerald Bellamy killed ? I know be is! I know all about it !" Poor Frank could not understand me, but In between my sobs, for I burst into hysterical crying, I told him all. • • • • • • • " And was he killed ?" asked Katie, whose face was quite white by now. " Yes," calmly replied Isabel ; " bis horse had stumbled and he was thrown—quite simply, it seemed to havo happened—jufit outside the Residency. "Frank was near at the time, and, as I saw in my dream, dismounted, and' stooping over him, tried to lilt him ; but death had been instan taneous.'* 