[?] By " STEUCE." - Prahran and South' Melbourne tried . conolaeionB on the South ground on Saturday, and, though the home team played two men short, they managed to extinguish their opponents by scoring 80 to 9. The Prahran boys made a very poor show, their fielding being, in the majority of easee, " terrible " — in fact, there are only three members of the team who can have 'aoy pretence to play ing ball at all. The Prahran ere also mieerably weak in their battery, there being no. recpgnieed pitcher. On Satur day nearly every man had a ahow iu the box. The only one .who did any- good, however, was Olarrie Smith. Olarrie it the beet all-round man in the team, and without him the club would never have a ghost of a ohanoe. Booth's display of both fidding and batting was excellent during the first few innings, but subse quently they began- to give their oppo nents a show; and played anyhow. For Prahran, Olarrie Smith, O. Craig, E. Greig, and H. ' Schultxe' played wdL For South,1-' Catcher Ijmbert did a laborer's work; both behind the' bat and at die plate. ' In the first innings he eoverad the eomplete ciihuit no lees then eight times, most of .the. runs being "homers."'' .Mem. ap'd Eesepdon played. a|. Moonee Ponde. The game was of a most exciting character, tba fielding . pnd : batting on both' aides being Al. On the eighth innings the ecores.were equal, so another innings was ordered. Eesendon failed to . scors, hat the MctrepoliiaDI were' more luolry, and managed to get four men xpnnd the baaea. Mete, thus gained the.verdiot by fber:rphg.. The aoorae were Metropolitane, 16 ; Essen- d<m, .12. Tim victory was the result of a had error in left .field when all the hues were full. Mr. Harvie was umpire, . For the next three Saturdays Prahran have the bye. I must impreas on the Frahran playars that there is ope thing to be scrupulously aveided, and that is diqaeism. dChat V . gnat led of this prevails in- the team therels not a shadow -of doubt, ahd until they realise that merit, and not friendship, is thehasis on wfaiieh to choose ateemmey caa hope to have no auooees. On Setnrdsy last one of thsbwit jplsyers of the elub discovered on arrival on the ground that he 'Ml not baen cbosan; \- order to give "one bf the saiS clique .a, show. hut eftbr 'a littM reaspnipg had been bronght to hscu- he.wei pUjjd.. In the game between Emit andSawkp, played at Hawhshurn, the tbrmer' wmi oetnforteJbly hyStofi."- " <-? . ; - i-'" >/ A gnn that eheots ronnd ths opener hae been' thelesire .ef .nll inrphtors hf email arms. 'It 'has pemmnied for an ftMin to flevise'Melwtopom'Thagun1 ' tan "be prtoen'deitihjpeM; ' and fired at bohh .tw. tovwon ol AlmanWhhjBw-ertioSito »»i tingurdied himeylf . a medwfician . She harrdeare set»i»U<Li"i gi'to noito twoebJeoMhjmwmimflK.hiohse toi>veatetwl«baf ;»a eo plaoed .$hat,ti» ,dmoter>.'«j».-m.;MW There -is bne&Suhg;'nKs; 