Gcr. cable announcement on Thursday that the long arm of the law had encircled the Glenbrook murderer was perused with widespread interest and satisfaction. Usually the quiet of a mail under criminal indictment is not assumed ; but there are exceptions to the rule, and the evidence against Butler being convincing and complete, it would be absurd to respect a legal fiction in his case. We are not prejudging him unfairly in saying that lie is already convicted by the public opinion of Australia. The personal effects of his victims hare been found in his possession, and ho has made no answer to the charge against him worth a moment's serious consideration. Certainly he showed coolness and even bravado when caught; but this seems to be the normal mood of all great criminals. Deeming displayed tiie same superficial indifference ; and even the young Melbourne assassin when confronted the other day with his handi work maintained a presence of mind and an immobility of feature calculated to mislead the inexperienced. It may be taken for granted (we think) that the monster with brain to conceive and nerve to commit a deliberate murder possesses sufficient impassivity to carry h m through any subsequent ordeal. A proof of the abnormal insensibility of the murderer is his ability to eat and sleep as if no charge hung over his head. A man of ordinary feeling, who had sent a fellow-creature unprepared before his Creator would be haunted day as well as night by the enormity of bis crime. The ghost of his victim, clothed in bloody cerements, would linger before his affrighted eyes as a spectre not to be laid during his own stay on earth Eugene Aram found it so, and th story of Eugene Aram i6 not altogether a romance. Even innocent men hare . , ,. found the accusation of murder so insupportable as to visibly affect their health. The cold-blooded murderer is the only type of criminal who appears to put on flesh between the day of his capture and the hour when an outraged community terminates his diabolical existence. It may be argued from the foregoing that it is only the abnormal dividual murder. who commits a delibe/ate I Further, that an abnormal I individual is one more or less irresponsible for his actions ; and that the premeditated murderer being abnormal, is virtually a lunatic. Now, lunatics who become assassins are not brought to the gallows ; therefore the muiderer should be adjudged not death hut only life Jong imprisonment. This is the position to which the argument undoubtedly leads. Iho answer ia that eocioty las sot lias to joeke tic UJC«; discrimination required by those who would disestablish the gallows. Medical jurisprudence is still unable to determine whether a murderer was or was aot at the time able to resist die impulse to slay. The law infers—and w« think rightly—that the man sane enough to deliberately plot a murder has sufficient sense to be aware of the enormity of his crime and of its terrible consequences Society can only apply a rough and ready tcit in each case of killing, and this test is in the answer to the question, Did the prisoner act on momentary impulse or with premeditation 7 There can be very little doubt about the answer in the case of Butler. All the evidence points to the conclusion that he deliberately lured bis victims U their doom and murdered them in cold blood for the sake of the little money and valuables they possessed. The monster'* wickedness is not without parallel even in New South Wales ; for a quarter of a century ago similar atrocities were committed by a pair of savages along the shores of the Parra matta river. Butler's crimes have been likened to those of Deeming; and opinion will be divided at to which wathe greater criminal. Deeming was a sexual montter, who sacrificed his wires and children so that he might gratify unhampered his promiscuous lusts. They were a drag on him, and he butchered them remorselessly. It was the foresight, the elaborate care and attention to detail which this unexampled ruffian brought to his murderous work that shocked and appalled the world and rendered his career nnique in criminal history. On the other hand, Butler acted from the far greater object of greed. True, he did not sliy his own kith and kin. With the men whose lives he sacrificed he had no bond .save that of comradeship and ordinary humanity. Still his crimes are almost equally atrocious, revolting and cruel. Whatever contrast exists between the murderers, we feel sure the law will make no diitinctieu between them. Butler will tread the gallows as Deeming has dons, and the world will be relieved of another of the greatest criminals of our century. 