THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the power* possessed by certain natives of India, who ive np among tbe Himalaya Mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows nothing about* Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of filing oat the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated him rather scnrvily, but interested him alt the wne. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. 'I can't see to read here,' said the visitor. 'Then we will have come light,11 was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it bad one strange quality— it out suit the slighte-j tkodoitL ThU is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yon who now read it have bo reason for doubt except that all tbe lights yon have seen have cast shadows. Belief or un belief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of tbe Lisbon earthquake, yet credited) the tale of the Cock Lane Ghost. A man who has been ill for same Tears, and failed to find a care, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else bat doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example*— 'In the spring of I8S8.' writes oar correspondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low- spirited and oat of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged. my appetite poor, and alter eating I had pain and weight at the cheat. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a eour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression. of BpiritE^ I kept up with my work, but bad always a sense of discomfort. Oft and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me, At last 1 heard of M other Seigel'e Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I f onnd relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in tfrift medicine, never having nsed it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my recovery. far which I thank Mother Seigel'e Cwative Syrup, I have been in the beBt of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering hnmanitj I deem it a duty to send yon. this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 161, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, Srh June, MB1M There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more r rouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a tram worthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at hia address. Finally, there ie nothing mystic or magical about Mother SeigeTs Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that Buirersal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia j it cores that, and thrown the Hgbt of health and illness and pain had cast such dark aad terrifying shadows. And that is wby people; believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. It has been definitely arranged to reopen the Lake's Creek meat works on Monday ne^t. For the nresrnt only 120 head of cattle per day will be slaughtered, and there may be a dii&culiy; ia secnring supplies to »his extent up till the end of January. But after that date it is anticipated fat cattle will be fairly plentiful, and if that prove correct thfr sluigbtenngE will then be increased* 