MILLAR,' HEROINES. j (LlHtl SMITH, IN THE "I D! S "rAI 1! ") '1 There is one aspect of the genius of the late president of the Kot il Vc item? which must present itself fix our title to all women and that is the amount of it he decided to their poultry? of "Mill us Heroines ison ambiguous title for their name is legion, and they have been chosen in mi minx failed in life - from the page-, of history, Born great poets and romancers from nurse fall love, mile from theorising homely ne em ounces of st ci t at existence W. tth the execution of some of his wind pipe, there are but few of Sir John s pictures which have not at least one ?? om in in them. The greater put arid b in the most interest me one He can? cases which it is at the grc per cent? of fat women and the fresh clear me of an act? (Bullivant I the history from which the . mother are chosen is general!) Russell the Its be his sole left for Bills to iii in the State pen I came on, I horn is Mr in, and Sir W iltu "2 at his her or? she reads the the room military Cinder all the presents that I highly Cherry Ripe,' and little Miss Mu Tel mile of the humble dear as of ourttoil dat xtoiId there has Hut a broom' I. like living '' set? Laid] Eggs, and betting Peas" I n life again? in lists Mill us on ed her? little 10 the professional model lit chose his subjects frequently? after Mem the sitter, or in the case of his own immediate made. a pose, a gesture seen the traits of an expression of the ghost of a Smile, are sufficient to suggest, j o«sibdil»esi of some 11 lower picture At out of the master's most authentic; times hate for models his wife, his sons and his daughters and some of his own personal friends went gallery? of por that III of TAKE? Altlltis figure-, in seem to of her husband s be the means cant is notified in The leader of increase but in time the" artist to me to detail? design e the file, for it is essential at the a usual notice to and not at all like the I time to be the next test ! of time his wife This absence of bl ere s not, all Hiding, Mr Order of the use is in an-, Illicit still athletic picturesque tree is st, I went "to the things she had" whilst his t-, better to hide the until uni gentlemen s the law note I the sailor ing is eifiiiHite m I the regard it Inch has been paid to set in in the late en scene and in the dies, worthy of all attention lath Mtllnts also sit for the W hit« Coe! tide all the tins exhibits 1 in 116, and for a pair of fit of herself in a birth a secret witness Bench or as little about it the Grafton Cullen Sir John ?? is undoubtedly much influenced by his no less times be evinced -in annual interest in their selection, trail so instantly incorporated it with his best soils Hut which was nearest and! dearest to him Mr lot is so it can "best be protected by this very? charming heroines indeed if one man is he in the number of notices itself in the uni less sitting in little till it reflectively of then i trials last must have been ulm "t continue dash had much tabulating them Just s left st daughter, Mrs Tunis, states, it is interesting to not, is the mother of Hobbies, is the (mind in animals plea lies over At E Lat 17 grs' The miners Hill at the Mt through Uti but "the men ' For those not? in the ins, Mctp in'' and 'Walter tin We mild matter Mrs -smut in an! ? ml hu -Hill Miss, May) Holman Hunt Miller but the in his, late former til-) a thing for that the Iglitfu! trouncing at the Cut the?, tin title for truth it is suggested by Miss I'tiiigiiu ill' 1 u! M end of this life and it is originally and still fm ' the forces in the latter,' sum "-of John I note that from the st uren I am thing h month, mill ran for sets of tens his home in the national holiday On returning to London, states that ning it tells tile suit case in to loud their list of need it to be interred in position and he therefore set limit papers,. ) different lines to the Princes, pulling the line one man for futures The in of mystery which BILL I unified tins of limited him to punt a um othe a subject for the fore ground, and the (lot IJIIII ' identity herself out of these stations BUiioiuitbni'H Alias opine Mil has, now. Ali- Abilities Sir John's youngest daughter, is the "Prince. 1 life Let li in Stennings H Pal lot" and Ann Innes the retaining dancer in The Winner" lime daughters unit for the Sisters and two of them in for I ordinaries Print" There are few bonus either here or in C. rented He had? ' where stillness C Cinderella ' is that it familial homely] 1 (ensure and it is interesting to learn from the picture of mu in those fine has been thus named discal something of his a career as a model to the artist ' Cinderella." is to star Miss Wills of Warren the wife of a gentleman who is sic of all? connected with the stage, and the daughter of Duel stone the action One of JIilliis s rough teas, chancing to go to the M James' Theatre where the leaders half pin? nig Good Fortune" was particularly struck eight Miss Hiukslone's appearance in the role of the little Welsh girl, and told her father he must go if only? to see that he? churning fixed "-Sir John merit, and was so uplifted by?' it that he wrote at once to Mrs. ÜutUstono, and begged her to allow her daughter to sit to him for a picture Pol life Meeks the little Inch it i sit daily to the studio in Pitluce 0 ite, donning Cardella's and cap and gown and of thin sittings Jim Warner holds front pit mint no means, intend on the most s uniform kindness and loiiHiileiu tion to her He was always considerable mentions that she should not sit too long to toolin solf said that after her journey from Nomood sin should have lunch, and a good run. to an inn he line fire at One dam site thronging, while thus occupied, Lord Beaconsfield mine into the room, and, after IjilUuiK for some minutes to be john, he came across to it but she was sitting, and, putting her on the shoulders, (asked her if sent in had done with her pretty ntl inn (for the liniment discarded), "What struck me most about the great man," she sits line call, "from the fact of his extreme. ugliness and the very dirty glut as In were Of course, I did not know until Sir John told me it ho he has." 