k WONOcfiFUL WOMAN; OS?,', -- THE DANGSFFIELD MYSTERY BY. 'MItS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXIII.— (Continued.) "A victim? Well, no. I think not. I am trying- to recollect where I have seen Miss Herncastle before." -'What !" cried Dady .Dangerfield ; "you, too? Oh, this' -Is too much. First Lord Ruysland, then Sir Peter Danger - field, now Captain O'Donnell, all are transfixed at sight of,my governess, and insist that, dead or a-iiv-e, 'they have met iber before. Now, where was it you knew her, Captain O'Donnell? Surely not in Algiers?" "Not in Algiers, certainly. Where X have seen her before I cannot tell; seen her I have, that is positive. My mem- oay for facts and faces may be trusted. And hers is not a face to be seen and forgotten, yet just now I c-annot place it." "Our waltz, I believe, Lady Cecil, > exclaimed a gentleman coming up and salaaming bexore her. It was Squire Talbot, of Morecambe, and Laav Cecil, with a lew last smiling oa, h -v 1 t hould i to the c i ui to I 1 p off ere "I aim and jnovect away. s; < ; ,ig> Mie was thinking, Captain O'Donnell should have known ripv. too : Ready . Mis-o Herncastle is a i ost n i t on peis nist. "Why is it. I -wonder, that she attracts and rrascmaie-s me so .- It. isn t that I like her— I don't; l uoudc, I unuiu=>», her. Yet I like to look -at her, - to hear her talk, to wonder about her. How rapt Sir Arthur looks! I never succeeded in en chaining him like that. Four hours ago , lie was on the brink of asking me to be his wife — now he looks as though there were not another woman -in the scheme of the universe than Helen Herncastle. Am I jealous; I wonder ? Do I real-ly want to marry him, after all? Am I the coquette they call me?" She smiled bitterly as she looked to wards them. Squire Talbot caught that look and followed it. "Eh! Quite -a., flirtation going on there, certainly." He was rather obtuse, -the squire. "Didn't think Sir Arthur was much of a lady's man, but gad! to-night he seems- Oh, good heaven!" He stopped short— he' stared aghast. Miss Herncastle had lifted her stately- (head from a book ' of engravings and turned her face full towards them, and for the first time Squire Talbot saw her. Lady Cecil looked at him, and laughed outright.' Amazement, consternation, horror, were actually pictured- upon his face. "What! another! Upon my word, the plot thickens rapidly-. You, too, have known Miss Herncastle, then, in some other and better world? Is she destined to strike every gentleman she meets in lliis sensational- manner ?" "Miss — what did you call her. Lady Cecil? Good Heaven! I never saw such a resemblance. Upon my sac-red honor, Lady Cecil, I thought it was a ghost ! " "Of course — that's the formula. — they all say that. Whose ghost do you take her for, Mr Talbot?" "Katharine Dangerfield, of course — poor Katbie. It is — heavens-! — it is as like her as - — " The squire pulled out !Ms cambric and wined his flushed and excited face. I give you my word. I never saw such a resemblance. . Except that this lady has darker hair, and — ves —ye.s, I think — ana is taller and mere ,v. uiiiuiij v— -sue is ..again the squire - paused, his consternation only permit ting Gti.scoainee.xed sentences. I never saw anything- like it — never. I give you amy honor! What does Sir Peter say? He must hake -noticed it, and/' gad I it can't be pleasant for him." "Sir Peter has been in a collapsed and horrified state everslince she entered ' Scarswood. Oh, yes, he sees it— not a doubt of that. . Miss Herncastle is like one of Wilkie Collins' novels — Ithe interest intensifies steadily to the end — the 'Man in the Iron Mask' was plain reading- compared to her. Really, If she keeps frightening people in this way, I greatly fear Lady Dangerfield must send her away. A living- ghost can't be a pleasant instructress of youth." "She does not seem to frighten Sir Arthur Tregenna, at least," said Squire Talbot, beginning to recover from his sudden shock. "And so she is only the governess. I never saw such a resem blance—never in all my life. What would Edith say, I wonder, if she could see it9" "Edith?" My sister, you know— used to be Katherine Dangerfield' s bosom friend and confidant— married now, you know De Vere of the — hh, and gone to the _ South of France for her health. Never saw such a striking resemblance in all my life."' And then they whirled away in their waltz. How strange — how strange ! Lady Cecil kept thinking. Perhaps (that was why her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table. No one interrupted them. It was a most pro nounced flirtation. Even Captain O'Donnell declined the request of his hostess and the earl that he should go up and speak to his friend. It was Miss Herncastle herself who broke up the tete-a-tete. -Sir Arthur had become so interested, so absorbed in his companion, and the pictures, as to quite forget -the flight of time. Then, from an inner room, Cecil saw the tall chasseur makes his way through the crowd and approach. She could even hear his deep, mellow tone : "Tregenna, my dear fellow, how are you?" , Then, with a look of surprise and de light animating his grave face, she saw The Cornish baronet clasp the hand of the Irish soldier of fortune. Captain O'Donnell on the morrow . Again came over from Castle-ford in the grey of the summer evening. Sir Arthur Tregenna. had sought out the chasseur at a . fishing stream, and the -twain re turned together to dinner. "'You find us alone yet, ' Captain .O'Donnell," said ? Lady Dangerfield. "Cecil has taken to literature, as you see, and is company for no one. I never read, Captain O'Donnell; books are all alike — hopelessly stupid nowadays. kWhat is that you have there, Queenie?" Lady Cecil looked up. " 'Ballads of Ireland.' I came upon it by chance in the library half an hour ago. I am reading Davis' Fontenoy.' Captain O'Donnell, did any of your an cestors fight at the battle of Fontenoy?" "So the Legends of the house say, at least. And it is believed that it was a Redmond O'Donnell who fought and fell 'pn the fatal field of Fontenoy." Lady Dangerfield looked interested. " A Redmond O'Donnell? Really ! Read it, Queenie, will you?" She glanced suddenly at the gover ness. . "Miss Herncastle," she said, "you will read it to Lady Dangerfield, will you not? Somehow I think you can read aloud." "I can try," Miss. Herncastle an swered. . She advanced, took the_ book, and Btood up before her auditors. The last Sight .of the setting su;> phone full upon tier' tall, statuesque figure, her pale, (changeless face, locked ever in the pas sionless calm of marble She began. Yes, Miss Herncastle could read aloud — j Lady Cecil had been right What a wondrous A" musical voice it was — so deep, so calm, so sweet! She made a very striking picture, standing there, the sunlight gilding her face and her dead -black hair. So thought Lady Cecil Clive, so thought Sir Arthur Tregenna and Cap tain O'Donnell. Both gentlemen, as if by some simultaneous impulse listened intently. Sweet, clear, thrilling as a bugle-blast rang out the stirring words, A light leaped into the reader's eyes, a glow came over her pale fane: every heart there stirred under the ring of her tone, her look, her gesture as she ceased, "By Jupiter!" Redmond O'Donnell ex claimed, under his breath, "that woman is a marvel." Lady Cecil stretched out her hand for the book, a look of surprised admiration in her eyes. "Miss Herncastle," she said, "you read that splendidly. The poet should have heard you. I knew you could read, but not like that. You are a born ac tress." The eyes of Redmond O'Donnell were fixed on Miss Herncastle with such a look of utter wonder — of sheer amaze- ment and of recognition— that the baro net stared at him in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an in- ' spiration where he had seen Miss Hern castle before. He started like a man from a trance at the sound of the baro net's surprised voice. "How thunderstruck you look, O'Don nell," he said, with a. touch of impa tience in his tone; "did you never before hear a lady read?" The half-irritated words fully aroused him. Redmond O'Donnell turned away from the governess with a slight laugh. "Rarely like that, mon ami. And I have just solved a riddle that has puzz led me since last night. I think I have had the pleasure of both seeing and hearing Lady Dangerfield' s very re markable governess before to-day." 5k SfC sis It wanted just a quarter to twelve when Redmond O'Donnell left Scars- wood Park, and took his way on foot to the town. He hacl been offered a horse, he had been offered a bed, and had de clined both. To walk on sweh a night was a luxury. He lit a manilla, and went over the road with his long caval ryman's stride. It was a perfect night, the sky Seep blue, the stars golden and glorious, the moon sailing up serene in their shiny midst. Long shadows of tall trees lay black across the road; the hedge-rows made the night air odorous, and, far or pear, no living thing \vas to be seen. Far or near! Redmond O'Donnell pulled up suddenly in his swinging pace, and looked away afield. His sight was of eagle. keenness. What dark moving- figure was that yonder, crossing a stile, and vanishing amid the tall gorse? It was a woman — more, it was familiar even at that distance. In a moment his resolution was taken. What woman was this out for a mid night ramble ? She must have come straight from Scarswood- — there was no other habitation near. Captain O'Don nell set his lips, flung away his cigar among the fern and grasses, vaulted like a boy over the hedge, and in a mo ment was in full pursuit. The figure that had vanished in the shadows of the waving gorse re-appear ed in the broad moonlit field. A woman — no doubt about that now— a tall wo man, walking swiftly, lightly, grace fully, as only young women ever walk. That stately stature, that pose of the head and shoulders, surely all were fa miliar — and a quarter-past twelve, alone and. in haste! What .mystery was here? . , ' "Some instinct told me, six-hours ago, when I recognised her first, that some thing was wrong" — I am convinced of it now. Something is wrong. What brings her here— of all people in the world, and in the character. of a nursery governess? And where is she going at this unearthly hour of night?" Still she went on— still the unseen pur suer followed on her track. She never looked back ; straight, swift, as one who has some fixed end in view, she went qn, and still, steady and relent less, determined and stern, Redmond O'Donnell followed, Her destination was Bracken Hollow. It came upon him, seen for the first time, black and grim, buried among its gloomy trees, lonely and deserted. No lights gleamed anywhere about it; its shutters were closed — unutterably eerie and desolate in the white shimmer of the moon. But the nocturnal visitor opened the grim wooden gate with a key she carried, relocked it, and for the first time paused to look back. She saw no one — the trees, and the shades, and the distance hid the. pur suer; only the silver sheen of the stars and moon, the boundless blue sky, the spreading green 'of earth, and the soft night wind whispering over all. She turned from the gate, hurried up the grass-grown path, and vanished in the inky gloom of the porch. Redmond O'Donnell emerged from the shadow of the trees, and approached the gruesome dwelling. He paused at the wooden gate, which barred his fur ther advance, and gazed up the black, forbidding front. In his rambles over the neighborhood he had never come upon this out-of-the- way place; it lay in a spot so remote, so unfrequented, that few ever did come upon it by chance, and those who knew it gave it a wide berth, for it bore the ghostly reputation of a haunted house. He stood, his folded arms resting upon the gate, tail sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and waited for— he hardy knew what. What ought he to do? While he still stood there irresolute, lost in wonder and assort of awe, the porch-door opened and the mysterious lady he had followed appeared. A second figure — the bent form of a very old woman — came after. The first was speaking. "No, no, Hannah, you shall not come. Afraid! What nonsense! The time for me to fear anything earthly is past ! Nothing, living or dead, will harm me ! I will reach Scarswood in lessv. than three-quarters of an hour, "get in as I got out, in spite- of all Sir Peter's chains and. locks, and to-morrow be once more my lady's staid preceptress of youth. Han nah, Hannah, whdt a. life, it is! Go back; try to keep everything quiet. How for. tunate Bracken Hollow is thought to be haunted, and no one ever comes here by night or day. Nothing goes on for ever— I don't want it to go on for ever. My time is drawing near; little by little the light is breaking, and my day is coming. .1 will return as speedily as possible. Now, good night!" She ran down the steps, walked with her firm, resolute, fearless tread down the path, and, as before, lingered a second or two at the gate. The old woman had gone back to the house, and the tall, dark figure under the firs she did not see. She drew out her watch, and looked at it by the light of the moon. "Half-past one!" she murmured. "I had not thought it so late. . It will be a quarter past two, then, before I reach Scarswood !" "And a very late hour for Miss Hern castle to be out alone!" Obeying an impulse he could not resist, the chasseur emerged from the tree shadows, and stood before her. "With her permission, I will see her safely back." And then, with the bright light of the moon upon li.is face, Redmond O'Don- neii removed his hat and bowed to Miss' Herncastle. She did not scream, she did not even start. There must have been brave blood in 'the governess' "»jeins. She stood there quite still, ancl faced him; but in the moonlight that grey pallor came oyer the resolu'te face, and the . great grey eyes dilated with something of the look of a hunted stag. ' "Captain Redmond O'Donnell," she said, slowly, "it is you! I breathe again — for one moment I absolutely took you for a ghost. My nerves are good, but you gave them a shock." "Yes," Captain O'Donnell drily an swered, "I think your nerves are good, Miss Herncastle. There are not many young ladies — not many strong- minded governesses even — who would fancy the long, lonely walk between Scarswood and this place between the ghostly hours of twelve and two." "No doubt," she said, with a smile, "you considered it your duty to follow me here to-night — to dog my steps, like the hireling assassin of an Italian no vel — to (it is not a pleasant word, but the word I want) play the spy?" He was walking by her side. He was lowering the pasture bars of a field as she spoke, to let her pass through. "Spy?" he said. "Well, yes, I con fess it looks like it. Still, in justice to myself and my motives, let me say something more than simple curiosity has been, at work to-night." "And yet. I suppose, the impulse of H gentleman would be to turn back at once, and think no more. about it.- That was, I know, the first thought of Cap tain O'Donnell, the bravest chasseur in all the army of Africa. May I ask why he did not art upon it?" "Simply for this reason — that Captain O'Donnell recognised Miss Herncastle at six o'clock last evening as she stood reading 'Fontenoy.' " "Indeed!" Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference. "Recognis ed me, did you? I am rather surprised at 'that. You encountered me in the streets of London probably before I came here?" "No, madam; I encountered you in a very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces, and 'though I may be puzzled to place them for a while, I generally come out right in the end." "You knew me?" Miss Herncastle re peated, .but her eyes . were glearifing strangely now. "Well, sir, you know nothing to my discredit, I hope?" "Nothing to your discredit, if you have told Lady Dangerfield the truth, but baronets' wives rarely look for their children's 'instructresses in the person of — a New York actress." "Captain O'Donnell!" "Miss Herncastle!" And then there was "fa pause, and fori' an instant how horribly thick and fast 'Miss Hern castle's heart beat only Miss Herncastle ever knew. "The play was 'Hamlet,' pursued the pitiless voice of the chasseur, ."and the great transatlantic actor, Edwin Booth, played the doleful Prince of Denmark. The Ophelia pf the play was a tall, black-browed, majestic woman, who acted superbly. Miss Herncastle, I don't remember the name of that actress on the bills, but I certainly have the honor of walking by her side to-night." She turned to him with a swift, im passioned gesture of both hands— the atrical perhaps, but real. "Why should I lie to you? ' You are a man. You will not betray me. I will tell the truth. I am the New York actress. I am. the . Ophelia you beheld Six months ago." "I knew it." he answered, with com posure. "I saw., you many nights' in succession. Now. when I 'recognised 3rou, I said to myself : 'This actress, whom a crowded house applauded to the very echo, night after night, has some motive — a sinister one, in all likelihood — in quitting her profession and coming to this house in the role of governess. For; of eoursq, Lady Dangerfield is in utter ignorance of her antecedents — be lieves whatever story Miss Herncastle chooses to tell her." "You state your case with all the piti less, grimness of the stern old judge on the bench," said Miss Herncastle, bitter ly. "But what business is it of yours? Are you my lady's keeper? Has your own fate been orderd so smoothly that you should hunt down to ruin a poor wretch with whom life has gone hard?" Something in her tone moved him — something in. that passionate, savage, hunted look of her eyes touched him, he hardly knew why. . "No, Heaven knows," he said, sadly, "my own life has been no pathway of roses. I am the last man on earth to set up in judgment upon my struggling fellow mortal, and accuse him. I have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This night's work, this night's discov ery, and your avowal shall be as though they had never been. Whether I do right or wl'png in concealing the truth is much too subtle a question for me— I only know I will conceal it." She held- out her hand suddenly, with a second swift impulse. "For that much at least I thank you. Why I have left the stage, why I have come here, you may one day know. And now shall we say good night?" "How will you get in?" he asked. "The doors and windows seem bolted for the night." '. "Doubly bolted, and doubly barred," Miss Herncastle replied, with a con temptuous laugh, "to keep out burglars and ghosts — the two bugbears of St. Peter's life. Nevertheless, I will get in. Good night. Captain O'Donnell." He lifted his hat and turned at once. Miss Herncastle Stood where he had left her, following the tall, gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field so swiftly, with a strange expression in her eyes and on her lips. CHAPTER XXIV.— "AS IN A GLASS, DARKLY." On the night following Miss Herncas- tle's adventure Sir Peter rode home wards from Castleford, where he had been visiting, close upon midnight. He was in high good spirits-yfor him. The night was lovely, bright , as day, and .twice as beautiful. In Ms elation just then all his constitutional dread of ghosts, of "black spirits and white, blue spirits and grey," vanished, and he was actually -trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scampered along. The- clocks of Castleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve as the baronet entered his own domain and rode up the avenue. What was that? His horse had shied so suddenly as nearly to throw him off. They were near a huge oak, called the King's Oak, from the legend that the Young Pretender had once taken re fuge there from his pursuers. 'Its great branches cast shadows for yards around and slowly -out of those gloomy shadows — oh, Heaven! — a figure -came — a white figure, with streaming hair, and face upturned to the starry sky. All in white — true ghostly garments- — noiseless, Slow, it glided out, and stood full in lfis pathway. Tire bright, cold light of the moon shone full upon it, and he saw — the dead face of Katherine Dangerfield! Katherine Dangerfield! Not a doubt of it. Who should know that face bet ter than he, as 'he used to see her long ago in her white dress and flowing hair? Katherine Dangerfield, with a face of stone upturned to the midnight sky. He sat frozen for ,a moment — frozen f with a horror too intense for | words or cry. Then the startled J horse shied again, and a shriek 1 rang out in the midnight still ness that -t-nose wno heard -might never forget. Then the horse pm-naed madly forward, -and there was trie sound of a heavy fall . <-. The groom, hair asleep at has post, rushed Put — two or three dogs narked loudly in their kennels — ihe groom rushed forward .and seized the horse, quivering- with aft right. He was rider less! At a little distance lav Sir Peter, face downwards, on the dewy grass, like a dead man. And nothing else, earthly or unearthly, was anywhere to be seen. The groom echoed has masters cry as he -stooped and lifted -nim up. He was senseless—lie had struck his forehead on a stone, and was bleeding freely. It was an awfully ghastly face upon which the moon shone. The double alarm had been heard. In five minutes another of the grooms, sleeping over the stable, came running to the spot; They bore the stark and bleeding form between t'hem, found his n'-ig-ht-key in his pocket, opened the door, and carried him up to -his own room. Sir Peter, however, long before a sur- : ge-on arrived, had come to. himself again. J The doctor dressed , the wound on his I forehead,' which was trifling, prepared a I sedative, and administered it. | The news spread, as such news is j pretty sufe -to do. By noon iliac day all Castleford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had. beheld Katherine D a ng-er field's ghost under the trees of Scarswood— had fallen from his horse in a fit — had -struck his temple on a stone. The news spread — it was the talk of the town — and among others came to the ears of Captain O'Donnell. He walked- over. It was past three when he reached Scarswood. On ex pressing his desire to see Sir Peter, he was shown up to the baronet's room. "I trust I am not an intruder, Sir Peter," the young Irishman said, com ing forward; "but hearing of your ac cident " "Come in, O'Donnell— come in!" the sharp, querulous voice of -the invalid .said. "I -wanted to see you," The chasseur came forward, and saluted Miss Herncastle, who for, the time being was installed as nurse. "And with your permission, Sir Peter, now that Captain O'Donnell has- come, T will leave you for a while," said the governess. "I have not been out to-day, and my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go." He took it submissively from her hand. Captain O'Donnell watched every move ment, and followed the stately figure out of the room. She closed the dopr after her.'- and .-they were quite, alone. "This is a very strange, a very remark able occurrence, Sir- Peter," he began. "The talk is that you saw a ghost. A ghost! Now, I thought ghosts .were ex ploded ideas? Will you pardon me if I think so -still?" "I wish to Heaven I could!" Sir Peter groaned. "Unfortunately for me. it ad mits of no doubt. As plainly as I see you sifting here beside me, I saw Kathe rine Dangerfield last night." "Sir Peter, I have a great curiosity concerning this Katherine Dangerfield. Have you any picture of her? I would give a good deal -to see one." "Yes, I have," the sick man said. "Do you see that escritoire over there? Open that— the key is in it. Open the third drawer to the left and you will find a photograph of Katherine Dangerfield, ' -taken a month before she died." Redmond O'Donnell obeyed. He un locked the escritoire, opened the drawer, and produced a. pirti ie wr m i , c.,ive paper. . It was -a pnoiograpn. soft and clear as an engraving, auu beautifully tinted. The chasseur took, it to the win dow, and gazed upon it long and earn estly. Then he returned to- his place by the bedside, picture in hand. - ' "Sir Peter, -there can be. no doubt — it is absurd of me to suppose such a thing — there can be no doubt Katherine Dan gerfield did die?" "No doubt?" cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all exppression. "Of course, there was no doubt. Good heaven's above, O'Donnell! I — never heard of such a thing!" O'Donnell sat silent, watching him — pilty, contempt, disgust, all in, his grave, silent face. , "I won't stay to dine to-day, I think," the chasseur presently remarked, rising. "Sir Peter, with your permission, I will keep this picture for the present. I don't see my way very clearly through this maze." ' ' He rang. The housekeeper and one of the maids came, and the chasseur took his departure. The familjr were in their rooms dressing. He made his way out unnoticed. ; (To be Continued.) 