IIIAMA JIAN; OII TIE IIOUSIE OF T'IE INK SPOT. A STORY OF THE SOUTHERN .STATES OF AMERICA. I was lying stretched at full length on the long sofa in the library. It was a drowsy afternoon in spring, as I had been asleep. Even after I awakened the sweet drowsiness of slumber was on me, and I lay for some time with closed lids in that thoughtless, dreamless state between sleep and waking. Suddenly, I became aware of a presence in the room, and opened my eyes, expecting to see my aunt. Instead I saw a flash of black before my eyes, a flash that shimmered and quavered like super heated air and disappeared while I was blinking my eyes to see what it all meant, but I was alone in the room. .The thing gave me a qa.eer sensation, and I lay quite still for some minutes, shutting and opening my eyes to see if the black flash reappeared. But it did not ; there was only a sort of tired feel ing back of my eyes. 'Malaria,' I said resignedly, and I went to look for Amelia, to get her to make me a lemonade. I found the little maid watering the flowers down in the paved court. I le;aned over the banister with my face in my hands, lazily watching her swab the dusty aloe, her deft little hands glistening like copper when the sun touched their wet brown fingers. ' Do you believe in ghosts, Amelia ?' I asked wearily. 'Oh, yes, ,mtamzelle,' said the little maid in her pretty French, as she turnied her sacred brown face up to look at me. ' Don't you ?' ' Of course not,' I answered, ' but I'm thirsty, Amelia.' Then she flicked the water from her coppery fingers and went away to mix me the cool drink of lemon and lime juice which no one could make so well. When the little maid was gone, Aunt 'Cilia poked her big white, kerchiefed head from the kitchen door, nodded at me a moment, and then came toiling up the steps. 'You been sleep in the libr'ry, ain't you, honey ?' she said. when she had waddled quite close to me. 'Yes,' I answered, wonderingly. 'Das a' mighty po' place to sleep, chile,' she said. 'Why, Aunt 'Cilia,' I asked. ' Cause 'tis,' she answered, laconically nodding her head backward towards Amelia, who was coming up the steps behind her. l's jess telling mamzelle she better mek you git the feather duster and bresh de dust ofin dens bananas and dat palm 'fo you sprinkles 'em, 'Melia,' said the old woman, as she waddled away. ' All right, Aunt 'Cilia,' said the little maid, as she left me to my lemonade, and to wondering what the old woman meant. But whatever she meant, she would not tell me. Foy days, in the eagerness, of my thoroughly aroused curiosity, I besought the old woman, and finally offered to bribe her if she would tell, till at last the poor old thing threw her self down on her knees at my feet. ' Don't mck tme tell you, honey chile,' she said. ' 'Tain't nothin' gwtne to hurt .you : ef dere was I'd tell you ef it kill me. But 'tain't nothin' 'tall gwine hurt you, only I done been conjured, an' ef I tell de hoodoo would git me. 'Fo' 'Gawd das de truth, honey,' and there were tears rolling down the old woman's black checks. Of course this served to excite my fancy all the more concerning the shim mering black spot in the library, and in the meantinme I had a second experience of it. It was much the same sort of expe'ience as the first, except that I had not been asleep. 1 simply lay down. on the sofa and closed my eyes, opening them suddenly, when the black spot shimmered and danced and was gone. I had told my aunt upon the first day of our possession that the house we took was worthy to he haunted. I have always wondered why my aunt selected it. It was, in many respects, the least prepossessing of- any that the agent showed us, yet, to be sure, it- had a grandeur about it, a sort -of stately, stuccoed, Creole grandeur that was altogether charming in our eyes that beheld New Orleans for the first time. But the house was plain and tall and straight and square ; there' were no quips and cranks about its appearance on the outside, though the interior was all that the most fanciful heart could wish. There was an open court, with a -rusty-throated fountain in the centre, and a scraggy, scaly palm that clambered against one of the brick pilllars quite to the upper gallery ; there were narrow corridors, winding stairways and sliding panels which let upon niche's and closets that were empty enough in reality, but which, to my awakened fancy, became teeming with suggestions of ghosts and romance. My aunt Said she selected the house because of its location, became from the upper balcony she could see the old Cathedral, and lower down the shippins at thse sharf, the big, smoke-puffing steamers, and even the red sails of the S tiny fishing smacks showing their bright flare of colour on the breast of the dull water. It was a location worth one's choosing-a location where one could overlook queer corrugated, tile covered roofs, cool, shaded, paved courts, and narrow cobbled streets; a location S where one could hear the sweet, low ? speech of gentle Creole tongues from 'morning until night, and dream all sorts of romances. I frankly confess that the ghostly spo: :in the library set me to thinking that romances may be much better dreamed than realised, particularly as'I could not speak to my aunt about it. We had come South for her health, and it ibecame my constant care to keep her Sfrom knowing about the spot.. : Nevertheless, I set myself to find out \- what it meant. I rummaged all over the S house, in every crack and corner, and Sfound many secret closets and hiddeh springs that I had hitherto been ignorant of. But besides these not a scrap of manuscript,nothing to tell of any former history of the house or of inhabitants. One day, however, when I had about concluded my efforts would be in vain, Amelia was helping me to arrange some books and magazines in the big, empty wall case in the library. Suddenly the little maid let fall a heavy volume. The book slipped from a pile which she was attempting to lay on the shelf, and, striking heavily against the back of the case, opened a secret door therein con cealed, and dropped with a sort of broken fall into the niche behind. It is needless to say I lost no time in search ing amid the dust and cobwebs of the little closet, where I found two small oil pictures and a little plaster bust. With eager hands I brushed the dust from the pictures, and, taking them to the light, fonnd one to be the portrait of a delicate, sweet-faced boy with blue eyes and fair hair. Across the back of the canvas was written : ' Jean, aged to years.' The other picture was a lad seemingly 15 or 16 years of age, a handsome, black-haired, black- eyed boy whose expression I did not like. The plaster cast was the head of a grinning Faun, so stained and dust-covered as to be scarcely recognisable. Beside the dust and grime, the Faun was further disfigured by a clack but poorly patched, running entirely round the head, cleaving the right cheek, anu slanting downward through the mouth and dashed squarely across the face, so that it spattered both eyes, was a hideous black ink spot. Here at last was a clue to the mystery but what it would lead to" I could not even conjecture. Was it the shimmer ing black spot that I had seen so often now which darted across the Faun's face as it set in on the high library mantel between the two portraits ? Perhaps it was only a passing shadow, for someone had crossed the threshold. ''Fo Gawd, missy, honey, wharbouts you git dem things ?' said Aunt 'Cilia as she entered. ' Better put 'em back whar dey come -f'm, honey-better put 'em back.' By this time the old woman had reached the fireplace, and stood looking up at the pictures. ' Po' li'll Massa Jean,' she said caress ingly ; ' po' li'll lamb.' ' Who is the other boy,' Aunt' Cilia ?' I asked. Da's Massa Pierre, missy, ol, marster's odder gran'son,' the old woman answered hesitatingly. 'Jean's brother ?" I asked. 'No, no, missy,' she said quickly 'he's li'll Jean's cousin.' ' Tell me about them ?' ' Dere ain't much to tell, missy,' she said slowly. ' I wish dcre was mo'. Dere ain't nothin' 'tall but jess dat de li'll boys uster live here wi' ol' marster an' den when ol' master died, he lef' everyt'ing to Pierre an' po' li'll Jean nothin'.' SHow long ago has that been ?' I asked. ' Long ago,' the old woman answered 'when de boys was li'll fellows, soon after dose pictures were painted.' 'And what has become of the boys, Aunt' Cilia ?' 'De Lawd only knows, honey,' she said earnestly. ' I wish I did. Massa Pierre, he went abroad, an' I 'spect he's livin' dere yet. It's him you rent de house frori. He's got mo' houses here too what de same agent looks arter. But po' little Massa Jean, I wish I knowed where he is, po' lamb. I been tryin' all dese years to fin' out. Ef I knowed- ' The old woman paused abruptly. ' If you knew, Aunt 'Cilia,' I sug gested, ' what then ?' " Nothin' honey, riothin',' remon strated the old woman hurriedly, asshe left off caressing little Jean's picture and left the room. As the summer advanced it seemed to me that the flashing of the black spot in the library increased. Further, it began to follow me all over the house. 'I could not get away from seeing it by day or dreaming of it by night, and it flashed back and forth from Pierre's bold dark face to little Jean's pale one, and thence to the grinning Faun, till I felt at last as if it would run me wild if I could not solve its mystery. Positively the thing haunted me. One day in late summer, with the little Amelia for company, I was walk ing along through a narrow street above Canal, ' up town,' as we had come to call it, followving the fashion of our neighbours. It wvas hot and sultry, with not a breath of air to stir the dusty leaves that hung limip on the trees. Suddenly on the hot pavement before me, danced the black spot; then waving and skimming it rose and flashed before my eyes, blinding me. I staggered and would have fallen, but the little maid caught ome. A moment later I was on the cool. inside of the little shop before which we had been passing, and a kind-faced, blue-eyed, white-haired old man was bending over me, feeling my pulse. 'You became faint, is it not so, mademoiselle ?' he asked gently. ' Yes ;it is the heat, I think,' I said. ' Ah, yes, the heat, no doubt,' he said with a smile, ' and thie malaria.' He gave me something to -drink something that was very cool and very acid, and by and bye he called a cab and handed me into-it as tenderly as if I had been achild. I glanced back at him as he stood in the little office door, and read on the window beside the sign painted ingilt letters, ' Doctor Jeanl.' When I got home I was still very weak, so Amelia brought some pillows and proplped me up on the leather couch in the library, because it was cooler there. Late in the afternoon, when the sun crept around that way for a farewell touch, the little French maid, Amelia, closed the blinds, drew back the red tapestry curtains, and fanned me to sleep. I must have dozed forsomhb time, for suddenly I awoke with a sense ofheavi ness and oppression. The black spot again dashed behore my-eyes, then shimmered and danced across the room till it rested, like a scar, blood red, across the face of the Faun, which in another moment fell to the floor with a loud crash. I remember to have screamed and covered my face with my hands, and then I must have been unconscious for a long time. \\\'hen I came to myself I was in my own room, and the white-haired old man from the little uptown office was bending over me. My aunt was there, too, smiling joyously to see me coming 'round again, and Aunt Cilia was turn ing the pillows, while the little maid fanned. ' You are much better, mademoiselle, is it not so ?' asked the old man in his soft French. 'Have I been very ill?' I asked. ' Yes, perhaps, mademoiselle.' ' Long ?' ' Three weeks.' ' And the black spot-do you know about it ?' I asked. ' You told me while you were ill,' the old man answered. 'But it is gone. now.' ' Tell me all about it,' I said. ' It is a long story, and mademoiselle is weak,' he said, gently. "A story about two boys, Pierre and Jean, whose por traits you found in the little closet, and about a will that was hidden in-the Faun's head, and.which was not found till that day wheti you were taken ill.' 'I remember,' I interrupted him. ' The Faun's face was cleft with a blood: red scar.' . The old man smiled. The Faun's head had been broken,' he said, 'and mended again with wax. The heat of the sun on that hot afternoon melted the wax and parted fhe old cleft. There are red curtains to the library windows, mademoiselle; doubtless, that accounts for the blood red scar as the cast fell in two before your excited gaze.' But the black spot ?' I persisted. 'I'd 'a' told you'bout it befo', Missy. honey,' said Aunt 'Cilia, 'ef Massa Piere hadn't'a'hoodooed me. I knowed 'bout it, ca'se I was here 'fo' it started. and' I heard folks what lib here talk 'bout it ever sence. But Massa Pierre he hoodood me, an's I's skeered to tell. ' I dunno how cosme,' the old woman went on, 'but Massa Pierre was ol' marster's favourite. Look lack Massa Jean was too gentle an' good fet to please him,' and Aunt 'Cilia turned her eyes humbly to the oil white-haired man beside me in a way that set me thinking. - 'So ol' marster ucek a .will an' lel' everything to Mlassa Pierre. Massa Pierre he was allus bol' aln' reckless, an' one day, when I went dere in de libr'ry to tek ol' marster a cup o' coffee, Mlassa Pierre was dere, talking to him, an' axin' him fur money. An' some how 'nuther ol' marster wouldn't let him hab it, an' den Piere got mad an' jerk up de big ink bottle an' dash it at marster's head. It hit him side de head, den glance and sttikc'g'inst dat what you call a Faun, and' splash in de face an' break it open. Den ol' marster riz up his wrath an' he tell Matssa Pierre dat he g'wine to disinherit him, 'and fur him him to leave de house. Twarn't long arter dat 'fo' marster died, an' de very day of de funeral, dess as dey's takin the corpse out, Massa Pierre cum walkin' out er de libr'ry, an' him been gone since the day. marster ordered him off. He had a paper in his han' an' look like he didn't want the folks to see him, 'case he pulled me in de libr'ry an' shut de do', an' he rub a hoodoo bag on my face an' gin me the paper an' told me of I, didn't 'stroy it my flesh would rot and my bones.would crumble. Den he rub me wid hoodoo bag again, an' when I come to myself he's gone an' de folkses was all gone to de funeral.' ' So dat's when I cram de paper in de Faun's head an' got some wax an' stick it togedder an' put it away in de li'll closet to keep Massa Pierre f'm findin' it out. Presen'ly de lawyers come an' found de will where ol' marster left everything to Pierre, an' so he took it all an' went away, an' li'll Jean he was to have nothin', and the lawyers sent him off to his ma's kins folk, an' ol' Mammy ' Cilia what loved so, she never'heard no mo' Pmn him, po' lamnb.' And again the old woman looked at the little man. 'And the paper in the Faun's head?' I asked. 'Was the second wil,': explained the the old man, leaving everything to Jean.' ' And are you Jean ?' I asked. 'And I am Jean,' he answered gently ; ' but you must go to sleep now, mademsoisel!e.'-Philadelphia 2'inses. 