THE SERMON. A SUPREME REVELATION. A SERMON by Rev. B. DANES. God is love.-1 John iv, 10. Every revelation concerning God is precious, how ever, or in whatever form, it may reach .us. Any cir cumstance or phenomenon of Nature which yields us definite information about Him is a veritable trea sure of the heart. Such revelation is a f parkling gem of that wisdom whose price is above that of rubies. It <9 to us as a brilliant star clearly defined. shining apparently out of the midst of the hazy light of tha Milky Way. We feel that God so infinite]}' surpasses our most vivid imagination, tbat He is apt to appear to us as a glorious Someone, whose declaration, .' I am," expresses more than our highest thought, and yet leaves us longing fordeflnite conceptions concern ing Him. Where shall we obtain then) ? .Life's circumstances and natural phenomena only suggest deductions which, to be of any value, must fiud their elucidation in the light of a more positive knowledge: They are likethe negative pole of thernag net, of no practical value unless we can find and utilise its positive. This wag the great want of the ancient world. The negative pole they did find to a limited extent, but search how they might the positive was not discoverable by thein, and EO the circuit of truth was, for them, incomplete. The positive-pole we have 4n the clear-cut statements of the revealtd Word in-the light of which all other revelations must be interpreted. How precious then is this key of Diyine unfolding; seeing it reveals to us God Himself 1 Perhaps the most preciously positive statement of the word of God concerning its author k found in the words of our text. Let us in order that we may understand this better consider' - I. The statement Itself-*1 God is Love." ,(a) It is a 6ummary ot God!-This is a vast claim for any single sentence, and yet a just onu as regaitfs this statement. Tryjiow and see if you can sum up this world in three words or three dozen words. Yet in this statement ot three words-the revealed Word sums up God. But try. "The world is matter," savs some one. But we feel that, is not all 1 he world. '' The world is .force," -says another. But that is voe fuily incomplete. "The world is mind," cries out a third, but the mind rejects it as an inadequate suui wary of the world in which we live. " The world is what J" cries a fourth in the bewilderment of at tempting a solution of the question, and echo answer? " What ?' Hut John the Divine calmly places before men this g and summary of the .Maker of Worlds, and all who are wise-minded bow without, question, and with love-treinblini: hearts accept this statement as a priceless boon. It is God's summary of God. (b) It is. Crystallised Wisdom.--Think what mar vellous things proverbs are. The wonder of them (flows apace when it is remembered that in savage lands, where there are no hooks and very little wisdom, proverbs are found, passed on in unaltered form through generation after generation. How :s this? Simply because there is in the human mind vast and splepdid, but loose and vague knowledge of moral truth. All that is requited to give it active influence is some apt form of expression. When this is provided a vroverh is born and begins it? immortal life. It is a menial diamond of the first water, ever catching and ever flasliinir light. If that he so with man, what about the mind of God? Shall He not con cerning him -elf at some time crystallise into brightest, 1-liefest, and clearest human words Ifis own know ledge concerning Himself? We claim that He .has done so in this flash of revelation. "This is not a ! pioverh, but it serves all the functions, has ail the ! force and life of a proverb among men. Ko wonder ] ; it has lived. One of the marvels of heaven and earth i would be its death, which would fill hell with glad j nes». .. ? m j (c) Itw Focnlised Light-Under the direction of such ! a thought the mind travels to the photographi^] | camera, where eathering inso the lens shall W loca lised light compressing within the ragge of a single I glance the features of an extensive landscape; or of j the human fane. What we wanted was a portable knowledge of the landscape or face. Focalised light j I gives us that. We want the same of God. How can ' j we look at liini ,? lloyv shall we take Him into our I j poor finite minds?' Shall we for ever repeat to our j selves man's formulated statement of the attributes j of God, a« he tfeinkfebe fiudg them scattered through | I the Itible, before we can -form any definite idea of j : God? How buitlenRome would even God become | under such conditions I God saw what we needed, ' , \iz., a mental «nd spiritual photograph of Himself. : llisown mind is the only 1«« which could focalise ! : the light which is unapproachable. He did it, and ] ; therefore we possess this portable photograph of God, i 1 within the compass of our hearts to feel, and of our ' minds to delight in. t (d) It is the Octave of God.-Think of the powers of I the musical octave, only eight notes nnd a very fen I semitones.' - Take a man ignorant of music and assure ] ! 11im that the masterpieces of a Mozart lie slumbering j i beneath those octaves, only heeding the touch of j j music:'* master to fill the air with soulful melodies. I The man may possibly smile at your credulity, and j I proceed to prove by a iieui algfa-itnposiug proces< how i much music may be obtained from eiahtnot<>s. Eighf, notes onlv gets he. Dut make w ay for musii'o master! Now '. O for skill to touch this octave of God, so that some of the music which lies in God's own heart may be translated to ours. II. Consider the treatment accordcd to the state ment. . It was once my privilege to preach on the text" My beloved is mine,-and 1 am His." I treated the sub ject as wisely as I knew how. A friend of mine walk ing home with a young woman after the sen ice asked lier wbat she thought, of. the sermon. She replied, "Wasn't it soft!" I had simply dwelt upon that happy slate of union between the soul Mid Christ in | the bonds of a perfect love. Because it is so em phaticallv stated that God is love, men treat Him as though He were aiso soft. The sternest deeds ore the deeds of love. It is love which is strong and capable of enduring all thing*. Ilate and passion are their own consuming-fires, and therefore can never be regarded as the reverse side of love which lives for ever. The reverse side of love i? strength, firmness, justice, and true love would l ather punish i'st'.f than countenance an injustice in its own pure name. When we say that God is love never let us count that synonymous with a maudlin softness. I.ot us divest ourselves of this thought of evil which has deluded millions by Its insidious lie. There i6 no «ill so so strong as love's and no will so just while merciful. "The soul that sinneth shall die "is the stern law of love. "The soul-tbat sinneth, but repentcth and believetii t»n the Lord Jesus Christ,-shall live " is love's merciful jaw of escape, and there is no other. Love's trreat love reachessalvaii in's limit just there, and will go- no further, for love is Just and true. Wbile love alone can save & soul, love cannot save a soul alone. _ III. Consider the value of this fact that God.is love. (a) To God Himself.-Some one has said That the least Impertinent thing we can profess to knonr of God is-He is. There is a prying curiosity which is an insiilt to Qod, but when God has been pleased to reveal Himself In laws of life and being around us, and also in our own consciousness, surely it is no im pertinence to reverently seek to know something more about Him than that He is. 1 et-us remember that perfect, love is perfect liberty. Fear is bondage, and perfeot love has no admixture of fear. Aeain, perfect love is perfect wisdom; It is alert, full of life, full of love's wise plans. Again, perfect love is perfect benevolence. No whittling down of love's promptings because of price, as Calvary fully attests. What must that being be of whom it may be said absolutely that He is l.ore. Perfect love means per fect health of the whole nature of God. This brings into view just here for a moment the valu . of God's nature to us, for this perfection of love in love gives Him A heart at leisure from Himself To sooth and sympathise. Now, the value of a man to himself and to others is exactly the sum total of the man's own nature. « bat is in evil-minded man to himself ? Acurse, a consum ing virulence. God Is comfort-giving because He is comfortGod is hope- giving because He is hope. Love is the bond of perfectness to every perfection, and God Is love. Row, we are no nearer a compre hension of the value of this nature to <Jod Himself than when 'we began, nevertheless to have these thoughts of Him is profitable to us. A continued meditation on them will yield more profit, but each one can meditate for himself. Let u?«<»emberthttl where perfeot love guards every avenue of knowledge and being, love's fruit attains to love 6 mellowness which knowa no decline towards decay. j" the del'ghts of all Bis handiwork.whtch. doubUess,in Christ His Son, He .stills calls "good. H6 bestows thereon an unsiiuted benevolence. ' (b) To mankind. This also is .not an easy question to answer, but w«J yield much wisdom to the man who will exercise himself«" iiuchl^ughtft Dunk, lor instance, o! a God who ta less tftan i?ve I J Some heathen nations have believed that the world is supported on the back of an elephant. An earthquake I is the trembling of the animal. That is symbolic of the condition of a yorld whose cod is less than love. | Just imagine, if you can, a being of unlimited power who is ill at ease with himself. Would it be possible fpr anything or anyone else to beat ease? The cods of the earth are gods of passion, exaggerated human beings, and there is no possible ' rest for their devotees. What does this mean for us in the realm of politics alone? It meansnothingless than civil emancipation. All history prior to Chrifct teaches us that men's know ledge of a supreme pow er wns of themost awful kind. Human tears ran dny and night, Bnd<huinan blood was made to run without stint. For what? That men's lust for power might be satisfied. When this, was attained, how \\('as it used 1 The treasure and power of vast clnpires were used by many for the most wicker:!)' selfish ^uvposes. The common people bad often no lights but to drudge, Buffer, bleed, and die for the unclean, wild, ambitious schemes of those who should have protected them. ~ In the midst of this world of misery it seems as though the .black clouds were riven, and a bit of God's blue revealed, while a voice full of pity said-" O ye men, ye are on the wrong track. I am the supreme power to whom all powers must bow, and I am not selfish, greedy, maddening, but I am love." I think the angels of Ood, amid the clash of heaven's trumpew, sang the heaven's sweetest melody at with the voice of many waters, as they gathered around that hit of blue-the' manger of Bethlehem. Men soon began to think that if (Sod is I love, then it was impossible for Him to be pleased with deeds of cruelty. If men "would please love, they must do the deeds of love. This sun of infinite love was focused into a point of intense burning by the Holy Ghost upon the consciences of men, un til human lovewas liberated as by fire from a foul imprisonment, and found its highest joy in relieving sorrow, and not in creating it. At the very t<ace" of our present Christian civil and religious liberties lies this irreat world-emancipating statement, "God is love." What this hns been to men in their social and family life may easily be seen if we take the trouble to examine into the state of family and social life in lands where this revelation of God is not known. Tell me the character of a people's God, and.I will at once tell you the character of that people. A people's highest ideal is their God. They generally strive after that ideal. If the ideal is good, how great a good is that 1 If bad, then how great is the evil of it! Our "Godislove." This touches the highest pinnacle of Reality. Striving after that we continually receive The latest revelations and bestow ments of the sweet ness and powpr of love, in self, in home, in state. Happy is that people whose God is the Lord." IV. This love makes God vulnerable. In fact we can conceive that it is llis only vulnerable point. What did Christ mean when he said, "The kingdom of heaven suffereth violence. *nd the violent taketh it by force "? Simply that God is accessible to an urgency of spirit, and by such spirit He is captured. Let us seek to investigate His wisdom, and we are over whelmed; His power and we stand in awe; His justice and dismay rules us; Hi.s immortality and the grave yawns at our feet. Hut explore God 011 the lines of love, and in Bim we find the land of pure de lights, and without reserve he opens up to us the store bouse of Himself. But that is not the only way in which He is vul nerable to man. This love of Gcd is the point at at which we may hurt God. Men take advantage of this vulnerable point of God, and hurt Him with a grievous hurt,. To witness the rebuff of love is a pain ful sight, and is painful for love, nothing arouses manly indignation sooner than to see the advances of a faithful loving soul met by brutal scorn and re pulsion. Yet this same thing is done by men, of noblest natural talent and feeling, to their Lird and Master, Jesus Christ, and in Uim they do it to God the Fa'her. He invites attention to Himself by urgent entreaty, saying : - » Behold Me standing at ihe door, And hear Me pleading evermore, With gentle voice : Oh, heart of sin, ? . May I come in ? May I come in ? t I would not plead with thee in vain ; Kemember all my grief and pain 1 I died to ransom thee from sin, May I come in ? May I come in ? The justice and "power of this plea is felt by many,' and yet tbe door is slammed against such pathetic, 'Unchanging love, and that act places again upon Him the crown of thorns, and drives the nails afresh. We can and, alas, do hurt God at this point. How He I wept over Jerusalem and mourned over its approach ing doom; in like manner He weeps over the final | doom of the impenitent sinner. But beware lest that. ! doom come upon you of which even the God ? of love has spofren. His final condemnation is I i not the reprisal of an imperfect' passion, 1 | but the conviction of love that all His offices | of mercy ami love have been exercised in vain, and : seeing that" Ephraim is joined to his idols " the sen i tence goes forth, "Let hitn alone." That is the i awful imposition of hell! " Let alone " by love 1 I ' pray vou seize love with both hands and heart baryis, I that you may wing your flight with might to where I not only shall faith be lost in bight, but self is lost in ' lore. 