Entertainments. HUDSON'S SURPRISE PA&TY;'. After an absence of fourteen years, Mr. Thomas P. Hudson opened a season in the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, being supported by a talented company. There was a fair attendance in the front, and the second and back seats' were simply packed. Mr. Hudson has made an enviable name for himself among the ' profession ' as a caterer of mirth and T^naifi. and Saturday's performance certainly added to his laurels. From the rising of the curtain until the conclusion of the entertainment the audience fairly I rippled with merriment. The stage was prettily set ofi with chains made of vari ciloied paper, and huge Japanese fans, whose gorgeous and brilliant colors formed an attractive background. Each of the items in the first part waa rendered in such an attractive manner that an encore was demanded ana responded to. The performance opened with an introductory overture by the company, after which Mr. A. J. Royd s*ng in a pleasing manner ' My life for Thee.' Among the other vocal solos were ' By the Fountain ' by Miss Lilian Stanbridge; 'The Mighty Deep' by Miss Violet Elliott (who possesses a ramarkftble bass voice) ; and ' Sally Horner ' by Mr. Wallace King.all of which were delightfully rendered. The Thorn; ton sisters ' brought down the house with their song and dance medley «' Jubilation,' and Miss Ida Rosslyn was enuaily successful with her serio- yocal eflusion and d-cce ' The Jolly Grirl. Messrs. McKisson and Kearns gave a ? . ? 1 ? i.I« rw.nsv .i*-%/1 rirtrtnC* * A11C1 iASIj buo not least, Mr. Hudson himself gave the audience a remarkably good time with hia ' Tit-bits.' Messrs. Hudson and McKisson were tambouriniats and Messrs. Kearns and Harley rattled the bones, MissLillie Lin ton acting as conversation alist. The jokes were good, many of iheui having a crisp freshness, and the dialogues were above the ordinary run. The first part terminated with a scene from the Gaiety Burlesque ' Tho Shop I Girl,' bj the compiny, into which was introduced a Japanese Fan dance by Miss LilHeLinton and Miss J. Williams. After an overture nicely played by Mr. H. Burton, Altro, described as ' The Demon Equilibrist ' gave an exceedingly clever rf£rjlav of his powers of balancing, and he was twice ie called. Mr. Hudson again proved that ho had loat none of his old power of entertaining, for there was a broad smile everywhere all the time he occupied the stage. Miss May Habgood, who played the accompaniments in the first part, gave 1 display of her brilliant musical powers by the performance on the piano Fnrte of a paraphrase on Scotch airs. William and Amy Wourlay had a nne | '_...._:»„ fnr rhflir versatile talents in Sr humorous sketch ''That Awful off' wd the applause and laughter they elicited proved that their efforts were well appreciated. McKisson (' the boneless wonder') and Kearns were re-ca led for Their marvellous acrobatic feats , the firat-named being especia ly good M.s Jessie Williams in a neai »'» r, ? Y~ costume, performed a graceful dance, for wbich she was heartily applauded, ine duet ' A ni»ht in Venice ' waa excellently sung by Miss L. Stanbridge and Mr. Wallace King, their voices blending | admirably. Miss Ida Rosslyn reoeived an encore for her singing and graceful danc ing. The performance, which terminated with a laughable sketch entitled li^-t Brown's troubles, or Thompson's Ghost,' was throughout most enjoyable and the audience went away thoroughly satisfied, with the entertainment provided. Last night the entertainment, with a few variations, was repealed to a large audience, and judging from the enthusiastic manner in which the various items were received, it is evident that the compuiy has 'caught on' with the local theatre-goers. A change of programme is announced for to-night, and among other attractions M-. Wallace King will sing 'The Holy City,' and the talented and versatile Gourlaya will give their inimitable burlesque on 'Trilby and Svongali' ; a Military Tourniment by Miss Linton and the company ; and a Quaker duet by Mr. Hudson and Miss Linton. Another new lot of items will also be given to-morrow night. 