Whoso Findeth A Wife. (Published by Special Arrangement. Being the strange story of England's Peril, Man's Betrayal, and Woman's Love ; related by Geoffrey Deedes, of the Foreign Office, London. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXL—IN KENSING- TON GARDENS. By WILLIAM LE QUEUX. Author of "The Great War in England in 1807," " Zoraida," "Stolen Souls," "Guilty Bonds," "A Secret Service," &c.;, Sec. On our return home in the early hours, Ella sat before the fire in her cosy boudoir, her opera-cape still about her shoulders, resting her tired head upon a cushion, and staring thoughtfully into the dying embers, while I lounged near, smoking a final cigarette. Times out of number I tried to account for the Earl's agitation when he had encountered her. It was evident they were not strangers, although when I had introduced them he treated her with studied courtesy. There were, I remembered, many suspicious incidents connected with her as yet unexplained, nevertheless, from that memorable evening when Dudley and I had dined at the Nook and we had become reconciled, I had never doubted that she loved me. Perhaps I had been foolish, I told myself. I ought to have obtained full explanation of the several circumstances that had caused me such uneasiness before marriage, yet I had abandoned all active effort to ascertain the truth, because of the intensity of rr,y passion. Her beauty had captivated me ; her voice held me spell-bound, and because I loved her I could not bring myself to suspect her. For a long time she sat, reflecting gravely upon the events of the evening; then, shivering slightly, rose and went to her room, leaving me alone to ponder over her sudden seriousness. Sometimes a slight shadow of suspicion would flit across my mind, as it often had on finding her absent, yet when she spoke caressingly to me I at once found myself laughing at the foolishness of my thoughts, basking in the sun of her brilliant beauty, heedless and content. Prior to our marriage I had been madly jealous of any slight attention paid to her by one of my own sex of whatever age, but now, recognising how marvellously fair she was, and that wherever she went she became the centre of attraction, I was no longer angry with any of our guests who paid court to her. Beck dined with us frequently, always gay and amusing, while once or twice Verblioudovitch had also accepted our invitation and treated Ella with the courtliness of the polished diplomatist. I did not invite the latter often, because of her antipathy towards him. When, after his first visit, I had asked her what she thought of him, she had replied : ' There is something about him I don't like, dearest. I cannot explain what it is. Perhaps it is his excessive politeness : or it may be his profuse flattery that bores me; nevertheless, I seem to have a feeling that I ought to avoid him.' ' He's one of the best of fellows, darling,' I said, laughing at her misgivings. ' In my bachelor days we were very close friends.' ' I don't like him,' she answerd frankly. ' I hatd all Russians.' ' I thought you said once you would like to go to Russia.' ' Yes, I am anxious to see the country, but the Russians' I have met I have always detested,' she said, adding with seriousness, ' now that I am your wife I may speak plainly, may I not V ' Of course, darling.' 'Then, in your own interests, promise me to avoid Paul Verblioudovitch as much as possible.' ' Why ? ' I asked, surprised. 'Because—well,' she answered in hesitation ; ' becar.se I have some curious inexplicable feeling that he is not your friend.' Then it occurred to me that thev had been sitting together that evening in a cosy-corner in the drawing room, deep in conversation, and it might be that Paul had uttered some compliments meant to be polite, but which she had misconstrued into flirtation. In that case, it was only natural that, loving me so deeply as she did, she should warn me that Paul was not my friend. ' In what way do you suspect him of being my enemy"? ' I inquired. < He is untrustworthy,' she replied, an answer that tended to confirm my supposition. On several other occasions I laughed at her fears, but she always made the same reply, that she believed he was not straightforward, and even went so far as to ask me not to invite him to our house in future. This caused me some little annoyance, for of all men Paul Verblioudovitch was one of my most valued friends, and further, while she had conceived a violent dislike towards him, she nevertheless allowed herself to be flattered by the man of whom I had once been madly jealous, Andrew Beck. ^ Thus the early days of our married life proceeded, blissful and full of love, but with one tiny cloud of mystery that, although growing no larger, still cast its ominous shadow ever between us. Sometimes when alone I pondered deeply, wondering whether my confidence had after all been ill-placed, puzzled over one or two incidents such as I have already described. Trifling as they were in themselves, they nevertheless caused me much uneasiness, yet when Ella entered, bright and radiant, greeting me with an affectionate caress, I could not doubt her. I knew that, however suspicious her actions might appear in my eyes, she loved me honestly, with a passion as fierce and uncontrollable as my own. Meanwhile Renouf, who explained his absence on the night of the Embassy ball to Ella's complete satisfaction, still continued to remain in service at Pont Street, and each time we dined there he hovered about us noiselessly and ever watchful, like a spirit of evil. When our eyes met I saw in his a cold glance of contemptuous triumph, for he had already seen that I feared to denounce him for Paul's sake, and he was pursuing his mysterious investigations, whatever they were, without let or hindrance. Mrs. Laing, sighing as stout ladies will, was always loud in his praise, declaring him to be the most steady and attentive servant that had ever been in her service, while Ella expressed a wish that we could meet with a man possessed of similar virtues. A dozen times I longed to take my wife and her mother into my confidence, but dared not, for the silence imposed upon me was absolutely imperative. One day, early in January, I received a message from Lord Warnham to call at his house in Berkeley- Square, but when I arrived found a note stating he had been compelled unexpectedly to go down to Lord Maybury's seat in Hertfordshire to consult him. Therefore I left, and it being a cold but invigorating afternoon I resolved to walk home. Proceeding along Piccadilly and Knightsbridge, I skirted the Park, and entering Kensington Gardens by the Alexandra Gate, strolled towards Kensington in the full enjoyment of a cigar. Ella, I knew, had gone to Pont Street, her mother being rather unwell, therefore I walked leisurely beneath the leafless smoke-blackened trees. The short, gloomy day was now fast drawing to a close, and, with the falling gloom, a chill wind had sprung up, whistling mournfully through the bare branches, causing me to turn up my coat-collar and draw on my gloves. I fancied myself alone, for at four o'clock in winter the place is dismal and deserted. Having passed Q ueen's Gate I was approaching the Broad Walk, when I was attracted by two figures strolling slowly together in front of me, a man and a woman. At first I took no heed, and would in a few moments have overtaken them, when it occurred to me that the silhouette of the woman was familiar even in the dusk. Again I looked, and noticed that she was fashionably dressed in a dark brown tailor-made gown, a sealskin cape and closefitting hat. Next second I realised the amazing truth. The woman walking before me was El'a. Her companion, a tall, broadshouldered young man, wore a long drab overcoat of distinctly " horsey" cut, a silk hat of the latest shape, and displayed a good deal of shirt cuff. He was evidently a fop, and his whole exterior, from his varnished boots to the velvet cuffs of his overcoat, pronounced him to be a cad. Leisurely he strolled by her side, smoking a cigarette and earnest in conversation, now and then emphasising his words by striking the palm of one gloved hand with his fist. Once, as I dogged their footsteps, my teeth clenched in fierce anger ; I heard her give vent to a rippling peal of laughter that echoed among the black, gaunt tree-trunks. I knew by that laugh she was tantalising him. My first impulse was to rush up to them and demand an explanation, but my second thought had been to hold my anger in control and ascertain the true extent of her perfidy. Was not this the second time I had detected Ella walking alone with a man in loverlike attitude ? I loved her with all my heart, and had believed implicitly that she reciprocated my affection, yet here, in this single moment, the cup of happiness was dashed from my lips. I knew I had been the victim of base deception. While I, fool that I had been, had fondly imagined that she loved me, she had abandoned all self-respect and allowed herself to walk in a public garden with a chance-met acquaintance. Sonia's ominous words recurred to me, and I saw how I had been tricked and betrayed. The pretty refugee was right, notwithstanding the denunciations of the diplomatist and the spy, both of whom had some motive in discrediting her statements. With eager eyes and heavy heart, I followed the pair cautiously, fearing each moment lest either should turn and detect my presence. Apparently they were to deeply engrossed in each other's talk which, although carried on in a tone so low that I could catch no single word, seemed scarcely of an amatory nature, judging from the man's gestures. To me it appeared rather as if he were urging her to do something from which she shrank. Once, while he spoke, she stopped short and stretched out both hands towards him in an attitude of supplication. But he did not heed her, for, giving vent of a low laugh, he continued, emphasing his words as before. Then, clenching her hands, she stamped her foot in anger and, tossing her head in contempt, walked forward again, heedless of her companion's threatening attitude. From that moment both grew calmer, for the man uttered words of forgiveness, snatched up her hand and imprinted a kiss upon it. For a brief second she allowed her hand to linger in his grasp, then withdrew it gently, but firmly, regarding him with earnestness the while. This action aroused my anger to a fierce, murderous hatred. With difficulty I managed to preserve an outward calm, because, in 1 my state of mind, I felt compelled to watch and wait. Yet, if I had had a weapon ready to my hand at that moment, I verily believe that I must have thrown myself upon this arrogant cad and mercilessly killed Irm. The manner in which his hat was set upon his head, slightly askew, in the manner of the London " 'Arry," and his over-burdening mannerism, were in themselves sufficient to show the type of lover my wife cultivated. As I stepped softly behind them in the gloom, I told myself that she must leave my house that night, or I should. I felt in my throat a choking sensation, for I loved her so fervently that this discovery of her falseness had utterly unnerved me, and even in those moments of fierce anger and hatred I confess that tears welled in my eyes. Ella was the only woman I had ever loved, yet she who had taken her marriage vows only a few short months before had already discarded me for this over- dressed idiot, who would be termed in the vulgar parlance a " bounder." Perhaps he did not know her to be married. This thought took possession of me. When their quarrel ended it became manifest that Ella herself was endeavoring to fascinate and hold him, just as she had charmed me, by the softness of her speech, her exquisite grace, and her wonderful beauty. She spoke quietly, with her dainty finger tips laid lightly upon his arm, while he listened, gazing earnestly into her face enchanted. To-night, I told myself, the bonds uniting me to Ella should be for ever severed. I remembered the many occasions when she had been absent visiting imaginary friends; I recollected the evening she brought home the violets and preserved them carefully in water until they smelt so faint that she was compelled to throw them away; I had not forgotten the fact that blades of grass did not grow in the squalid overcrowded streets of modern Camberwell. I glanced around at the grass on every side. Perhapsshe frequented that place and took clandestine walks daily with her lover beneath those leafless trees. The thought provoked my bitter hatred, and I knew not how I refrained from facing the pair. I managed, however, to hold myself back, watching them exchange a tender farewell at the gate that led into Kensington Highstreet next the Palace Hotel, and while the man raised his hat politely, and, turning, walked away in the direction of Knightsbridge, Ella, her face radiant and happy, bowed and set out homeward in the opposite direction. Beneath the lamp in the gateway I had, in those brief seconds, obtained a glimpse of his face. It was that of a young man of about two - and - twenty, with strongly marked features, fair-haired, and of quite a different type than I had conjectured. The features were rather refined, by no means those of a cad, but rather those of a well-bred young idler, who affected the dress and manners of that class of youths who frequent the Cafe Monico on Sunday evenings, the slaves of the counter. Once he glanced back to Ella, but she did not turn; then he went on and was lost in the darkness, while I followed my wife's neat figure through the bustling throng of footpassengers. CHAPTER XXII.—To ERR IS HUMAN. Instead of keeping behind her straight home, I turned from the main road, and with my mind full of gloomy thoughts, wandering about the quiet dark thoroughfares in the neighborhood of Campden Hill unti 1 , having walked for over an hour undecided how to act, I awoke to a consciousness that I was before my own house. When I entered I opened a telegram lying on the hall table and found it was from Lord Warnham, stating that he was leaving the Premier's suddenly, and asking me to call at Berkeley Square at six. It was then a quarter to six, and I saw that even by cab I must be ten minutes late for the appointment. ' Has my wife returned, Juckes ?' I asked my faithful man, who stood ready to relieve me of hat and coat. ' Yes, sir. She returned an hour ago, and is now in the drawingroom.' My first impulse was to return to Berkeley Square without seeing her, but unable to longer bear the suspense, I allowed Juckes to take my things, and entered the room, where she awaited me. ' Ah ! Geoffrey !' she exclaimed, jumping to her feet with an expression of joy and coming forward to meet me. ' I expected you home long ago, dearest.' And she raised her face for the habitual kiss. 'Oh,' I said, cold!v, placing her away from me without caressing her. ' Have you been home long ?' ' A long, long, time,' she answered, regarding my coldness with unfeigned surprise. 'Where have you been to-day ?' I inquired rather sharply, taking up a position on the hearthrug with my back to the bright wood fire. ' This morning I went to Mr. Praga's studio and gave him a sitting. He is painting my photo for the Academy you know.' ' Yes,' I answered. ' He told me so at the club the other day. Where else have you been ?' ' Why are you so anxious to have a complete record of my doings ?' she asked pouting. • You seem absurdly suspicious.' I smiled bitterly. Since her return she had exchanged her tailormade gown for a handsome dinnerdress. and wore as her only ornament a string of pearls, my wedding gift. She stood gazimr at me with her dark-blue eyes wide open, and brows arched in well-feigned reproach. ' You did not return to lunch,' I said, quitely. ' No. I went to Font-street,' she said. ' Mother was so fearfully up- set.' ' Why ?' ' Last night she detected Helmholtz in the act of opening a letter he had taken from the postman. It contained a cheque, and she was compelled to discharge him at a moment's notice." 'I understood he was quite a model servant,' I said, in genuine surprise at the latest development. To me it was astounding that a shrewd officer like Renouf should have thus allowed himself to be caught napping. ' Mother thought most highly of him,' she went on. < But it now appears that for the past few weeks sue has had suspicions that her letters were being tampered with two cheques sent by tenants for rent have been stolen.' 'I never thought very much of him, I said. 'Neither did I,' she declared. ' He had such a silent cunning way, and moved so softly that dozens of times when I have turned suddenly I have been quite startled to find him standing close to me. I'm glad mother has got rid of him. She packed him off bag and baggage.' ' Did he protest his innocence ?' • H e treated her with cool indifference, placed his things in his portmanteau leisurely, hailed a cab, ADAGIO. and went off without asking for his wages.' I was silent. The reason Renouf should descend to steal cheques was inexplicable. One thing, however, appeared clear ; namely, that he had taken an unusual interest in the nature of Mrs. Laing's correspondence. To me it was a matter for congratulation that as he had been detected by his mistress and discharged he could not cast upon me the blame for his betrayal. ' What did you do after lunch ?' I at last inquired, returning to my charge. 'I went shopping,' she replied, smiling. ' With whom ?' 'Alone.' ' Were you alone the whole time ?' I inquired, regarding her intently. Her lips quivered slightly and her glance wavered. ' Yes,' she answered, ' I did not meet anyone I knew.' ' That is a lie, Ella,' I cried. ' It is not,' she stammered, pale and agitated. ' I have told you the truth.' ' To prevaricate is utterly useless,' I said angrily. ' I followed you through Kensington Gardens, where you were walking with your lover. 'My lover!' she cried, hoarsely, in dismay. ' He—he is not my lover. I had never seen him before !' ' Then by your own admission you have abandoned all respect for me and yourself. You are addicted to strolling alone with any idiot who flatters you.' ' I sw ear I do not,' she retorted. ' You misjudge T me entirely.' And she placed her trembling hand upon my arm. But I shook it off wrathfully, saying : ' I have discovered the truth, alas ! too late. While making pretence to love me you prefer the society of other men. I was a blind fool, or I should have discovered the fact, plain to everbody else, that Ogle was your lover, and that you mourned for him when he met the fate he so justly deserved.' ' He never uttered one word of love to me, Geoffrey,' she protested. ' How can you make such horrible charges against me when I love you so dearly ?' she cried, bursting into a torrent of tears. ' Because !' I said with emphasis. ' because I have myself followed you this evening. Surely Kensington Gardens is not the spot where a wife should take recreation, unless clandestinely, as you have done! No, this is not the first occasion you have lied to me, Ella ; but it shall be the last.' ' The last !' she gasped, glancing up at me. ' What do you mean ?' ' I mean that I can have no further confidence in you, and that we are better apart.' ' You don't intend to leave me. Surely you would never be so cruel, Geoffrey. It would kill me.' ' I have loved you, Ella,' I said hoarsely, after a pause brief and full of suspense. ' No man could have loved a woman with a passion more tender than I have done, but now that I have discovered how basely I have been deceived my affection has turned to hatred.' ' You hate me !' she wailed. 'Ah, no, you cannot—you shall not,' she cried as, rushing towards me, she threw both arms around my neck, and notwithstanding my efforts to avert her, pressed her tear-stained face to mine. ' I have resolved. Nothing will cause me to re- consider my decision. We must part.' ' It is not like you, Geoffrey, to be cruel to a woman,' she said reproachfully, standing before me. ' I admit I have acted foolishly, but that man you saw was not my lover. I care for no one except your own dear self.' ' Terms of endearment are unnecessary,' I answered impatiently, turning from her. 'Such expres- sions from one who has so grossly deceived me are absolutely nauseating. I have striven for your social advancement and have loved you dearly, but from this moment you are my w ife only in Hame.' She buried 7 her face in her hands and was seized by a fit of hysterical sobbing. All her self-control had vanished at the instant she realised that I knew the truth, amd she now stood before me bent and penitent. ' Forgive me,' she whispered earnestly. ' Forgive me, Geoffrey.' ' No,' I answered with firmness. ' I cannot trust you." ' Overlook this incident, and I will never again give you cause for jealousy,' she exclaimed. ' I will do anything you ask, only have patience with me.' ' I have already had patience,' I answered. ' Yet, deceived as I am daily, we can live together no longer.' ' But I love you,' she declared with fierce earnestness, fixing her fathomless eyes upon me. ' If I lose you I shall kill myself.' ' It is your own fault entirely,' I said. ' You have chosen to act in this manner, and whatever are the consequences they are of your own seeking. I suppose you will tell me next that this man who was with you compelled you to meet him.' ' That is the absolute truth,' she faltered. ' Ah, always the same lame tale,' I observed in disgust. ' I have not forgotten that night at the Nook when I watched you walking with Beck. No, Ella. There is some strange mystery about it all that I don't like. You pretend to love me; but you have some ulterior motive.' ' There is a mystery, it is true,' she admitted, her eyes dimmed with tears. 'A mystery so strange and startling that when you know the truth you will stand aghast and dumbfounded. But with its elucidation you will have knowledge of how I have suffered and striven for your sake ; therefore I can only pray that the revelations that must accrue may be hastened, for although today you regard me as base and de- ceitful, you will then learn how much one woman has endured and sacrificed because she loved you.' ' Then we must part until this mystery is cleared up,' I said, calmly, my heart full of grief. ' You refuse to take me, your husband, into your confidence, therefore I can place no further reliance on your word.' ' Think,' she cried, clutching my arm convulsively. ' Why should the happiness of both of us be wrecked by a mere misunderstanding ?' ' A misunderstanding !' I echoed. ' It is assuredly more than that.' ' No,' she answered, endeavoring to stifle her sobs. ' You misunderstand me, believing me false to you, whereas I am acting solely in our mutual interests.' ' To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your husband's interests,' I observed, bitterly. 'Ah, you are mistaken,' she said quickly. ' When all is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening.' ' Have I, then, no cause to object to your acquaintance with this man?' I inquired, looking sharply at her. ' None whatever. He is neither my lover nor my friend.' 'What is his name ?' ' I do not know. He did not tell me,' she replied. ' Was this the only"occasion you had met ?' ' It was.' ' He spoke to you casually in the street, I suppose?' ' No, we met by appointment at Victoria Station,' she answered quite frankly. ' By appointment! Then you know him ?' ' No, our meeting was arranged by a third person. It was by no means of an amatory character, I assure you.' ' What was its object ?' I asked. Slowly she shook her head. ' I cannot tell you without relating to you facts that I dare not yet divulge.' ' Ah ! as I thought,' I cried in anger. ' You refuse always to ex- plain. As each week passes the mystery surrounding you increases.' ' Unfortunately I cannot prevent it,' she answered in a low earnest tone. ' Before we married I told you plainly that I intended to seek the truth of the conspiracy against Dudley's life, and you did not object.' ' Why not leave that wretched affair to the police and secure our own happiness ?' I urged. ' Because the police are powerless. They can have no clue.' 'Is it then absolutely necessary that you should attain this end ?' I inquired dubiously. ' Are you ready to sacrifice your own home and husband in order to ascertain the truth regarding a crime?' ' Yes, it is absolutely imperative,' she replied emphatically. ' Before perfect happiness can be ours we must both be aware of the causes w hich led to Dudley's sudden death. Towards r that end I am striving, and knowing what I do, I am regardless of your suspicions and your cruel words. If we part—well, it will be you who one day will be filled with bitter regret ; and, as for me, I shall not pause in my merciless quest.' Often she had told me that to ascertain the true cause of Dudley's death was, next to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and these words, uttered with an earnestness that was genuine, bore out her most frequent declarations. Glancing at the facts as a whole it was not surprising that I should have suspected Dudley of having been her lover whose death she intended to avenge. In silence and hesitation I paced the room that she had furnished with such exquisite taste. A dozen times, she asked forgiveness, but no word passed my lips. She stood motionless, her head bent in submission, her hands clasped before her, awaiting my decision. Her pale, tear-stained face betrayed signs of a terrible breathless suspense, she fearing that I intended to cast her off, while I could not bring myself to any firm belief that her declarations of affection were genuine. Between us there yawned SET A WOMAN TO CATCH A WOMAN THE MAX.—" MY FIAXCEE PAINTS, Too. WON'T THAT BE NICE WHEN W E ARE MARRIED." T THE MAIDEN.—" I DID NOT KNOW THAT FOR CERTAIN, BUT I AIAVAYS SUSPECTED HER." a gulf of darkness and mystery which hourly grew wider and more impassable. ' Tell me that you'll still be patient and wait,' she implored at last. 4 Surely you can see how intensely I loye you, and how utterly aimless will be my life if we part.' This mystery is, I confess, Ella, driving me to distraction,' I said, halting at last before her. ' Cannot you confide in me ? I will preserve silence, I promise.'. ' No, no,' she gasped in fear. ' I —I dare not.' Her attitude was one of deep dejection, yet I could not fail to notice, even at this moment of her abject despair, how beautiful she was. But a look of unutterable terror was in her deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, she was haunted by some terrible ghost of the past. ' You told me this once before,' I said gravely, ' and I trusted you. To-day I have discovered my confidence ill- placed.' ' Trust me once again,' she cried hoarsely. ' Only once, and I will show you ere long that your buspicions are utterly without foundation.' I took another turn up and down the drawing room, my hands clasped behind my back, my gaze fixed upon the carpet. I was still undecided. With a sudden impulse she rushed forward, and flinging her arms about my neck kissed me, next second bursting into tears and burying her head upon my shoulder. My hand unconsciously stroked her hair, and bending, I pressed my lips upon her soft cheek. Then she knew that I had forgiven, and holding" back her sobs, with difficulty raised her face, and kissing me passionately, thanked me in a. low broken voice, assuring me that I should never regret the step I had taken. During half an hour we remained together, she full of love and confidence, I admiring and hopeful. I was glad I had not acted rashly nor left her as I had intended, and as we went in to dinner arm in arm we laughed together, joyous in each other's love. After we had eaten, I smoked a cigarette and lingered as long as possible, happy with my well-beloved, then kissing her fondly I was compelled to take a hansom to Berkeley Square, promising her to return at the earliest possible moment, and expressing confidence that our love would last always. The Earl, grumbling at my tardy arrival, was busy in his library with a number of important dispatches relating to our affairs in the East. When he had expressed displeasure that I had not been waiting to receive him he added : ' But there, I suppose now you are married, Deedes, your wife is exacting—they always are. She likes you to dine with her, eh ?' ' Yes,' I admitted, smiling. 'I did dine at home.' ' Ah, I thought so,' snapped the shrewd old Minister. ' A good dinner and your wife's smiles were of more consequence to you than England's prestige with the Sultan, eh ?' I made no answer to this sarcasm, but began busying myself with the correspondence, packing it away in the dispatch bag and sealing it for delivery to Hammerton, the messenger, who was waiting in an adjoining room ready to take it to Constantinople. N ot until eleven o'clock was I able to get away from Berkeley Square, and leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from Her Majesty's representatives at the various Courts of Europe, I drove back to Phiilimore Gardens. On arrival home my first question of Juckes was whether Ella was in the drawing-room. ' No, sir. Madam is out, sir.' ' Out ! When did she go out ?' ' About an hour after you had left, sir,' replied the man. She has gone into the country, I believe.' ' Into the country ? What makes you think so ?' ' Because she put on her travelling dress, and took two trunks with her,' he answered. ' Roberts, her maid, says she packed the boxes herself three days ago.' ' Did she say where she was going ?' I inquired breathlessly. ' No, sir. She left no message with anyone.' Entering the drawing-room with overcoat still on I noticed, lying upon her little rosewood escritoire, a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it up, tore it open, and read its contents. There were only a few hurriedly scrawled words —a brief and formal farewell. ' You cannot trust me,' she wrote, ' therefore we are best part. Do not attempt to follow me, for you cannot find me. Do not think ill of me, for even if I have wronged and deceived you, I have nevertheless been your friend.' It commenced formally, without any endearing term, and concluded abruptly with the two words, Your Wife.' For a few.moments I stood with it in my hand, staring at it in blank amazement. Then it occurred to me that in that very escritoire she kept all her correspondence, and it was more than probable that I might learn the truth from some of the letters therein contained. I endeavored to open it, but it was, as usual, locked. She had taken the key. In my sudden excitement I called to Juckes to bring me a hammer, and with a few sharp blows broke open the sloping leather covered top, finding a number of letters addressed in unfamiliar handwriting. One, larger than the rest, crumpled, dirty, and worn, as if it had reposed in someone's pocket for a long period, I took out and eagerly opened beneath the soft-shaded lamp. ' My God !' I cried aloud,scarcely able to believe my own eyes, when next instant I realised the terrible truth. ' My God ! I had never suspected this !' (To be continued.) A Perth shoe dealer announces from hiswindow this ambiguous declaration : "Here we give you fits." * * * Some people seem to write to the newspaper editor on the slightest provocation. This is the type of letter: " Dear Sir—I notice in your issue of last you spell my name ' Brown ' instead of ' Browne !' Take notice that I have communicated with my solicitor." Here is another: "Dear Sir—I want you advice. I have taken your valuable paper for twenty years, and yesterday my wife eloped with the lodger." * * * Said a whiskered Russian to a very pretty maid, ' * Come and take a ride inside the drosky.'' She nibbled at a candle and smacked her lips and said, " Petrolovitch Salamkovitch, come off sky." AN RAY. THE VERY LATEST. THEY HELD DIFFERENT VIEWS. DAISY.—" DORA INTENDS TO MARRY A MAN OF SIXTY FOR HIS MONEY." DOT.—"REALLY? I WOULDN'T MARRY A MAN UNDER SEVENTY-FIVE FOR HIS MONEY." leases a chance to ascertain the value of his property without having to submit to the exorbitant charges made by private batteries, and also to supply him. with crushing facilities in localities where there is not sufficient inducement to private enterprise to provide them. Hundreds of prospectors and leaseholders are at present practically unable to ascertain the bulk value of their ore. It is to enable them to do this at the minimum of cost that the public battery scheme is to be initiated, and it is necessary that it should be established for this reason, whether it interferes with private enterprise or not. ALSO, it is desirable to establish public batteries for the purpose of ; enabling parties of men getting out small parcels of stone regularly to ! have their ore output treated economically. At the present time it is very difficult to get private batteries to undertake the crushing of small parcels at any price. It is ; not worth their while, unless they are paid extravagant prices, to deal with a few tons of stuff, and con- : sequently they charge prohibitive rates for doing it. A public battery would undertake to deal regularly ; with such small quantities, and thus | confer a great boon upon men whose j capital consists of their labor, and ! who are, therefore, unable to erect I a battery, however small, with i which to crush for themselves. ; Hence there is no reason why this ^ fetish of private enterprise should be j allowed to interfere with the de- : velopment of the public battery scheme. ; The Legislative Council League, recently formed in Coolgardie, may be fulfilling its mission. Everything, it is said, has a mission. Even an oyster has a mission. His mission is to lie low, stick to his shell, and spend his time " sayin' nothin' to nobody." He generally carries out his programme with great success, and only comes ; out of his shell when he can't help it. When he comes out it is generally because he is invited to supper, or something equally uncongenial to his ascetic tastes. It is to be hoped that the League of which we spoke will have as much sense as the oyster. It can't do any further harm as long as it doesn't do anything or say anything. If it were dead it would probably make a beautiful corpse, and be an admirable institution i altogether. Anyway, a lot of good might be done if it publicly proclaimed itself dead. While we suspect it of being alive, however, uncalled for and ungenerous as such a suspicion may be, it will tend to provoke unhealthy relations between Coolgardie and • the other districts. Kalgoorlie, Broad ! Arrow, and Kanowna are feeling aggrieved because of the pretensions of this ! impotent and impudent body, The League was formed for the purpose of circumventing Kalgoorlie. It appears that Kalgoorlie has in view some nefarious • project of centralisation. She wants to be an octopus, and to grab everything for her own special use and behoof. Especially alarming did her octopusness become in con- , nection with the Legislative Council election. She had the audacity to think that she was entitled to allow one of her citizens to nominate himself for the Upper House. Before permitting this person to anounce himself* Kalgoorlie neglected to assure herself that he was entirely opposed to Kalgoorlie in any matter whereon she differed from Coolgardie. For instance, Parsons wouldn't swear by the ashes of his fathers and the temples of his gods to oppose Kalgoorlie tooth and nail if she ever made a move towards getting the Esperance line to come to her instead of to Coolgardie. In fact he even went so far as to hint that he might possibly support Kalgoorlie as the terminus of the line connecting Esperance with the goldfielcls. Knowing this man's views Kalgoorlie permitted him to come forward as a candidate for the Upper House. What wonder that this monstrous act of aggression upon the part of Kalgoorlie should have aroused the people of Coolgardie to a sense of the necessity for defending themselves against the centralising machinations of their rival town ? Whereupon they formed a Legislative Council League, the duty of which is to see that Coolgardie doesn't allow any but Coolgardie men to represent the N.E. Province, and by doing so to remove any chance of the Esperance line junctioning anywhere but *6.t Coolgardie. Of course this is quite right and proper. If there is any centralizing to be done Coolgardie is quite able to do it, and she doesn't want any other town to interfere with her monopoly. Kalgoorlie will get herself disliked if she keeps on asking for things that she knows her big sister ought to have. Meanwhile, however, the Kalgoorlie people are getting annoyed with Coolgardie because she wants to get the whole of the scone for herself, and the Broad Arrow folk are also saying nasty things about her for the same reason. And the Kanowna people are snorting wrathfully because Coolgardie is " on the centralize," and the Menzies people are making remarks of a similiar tenor. And all this pother and fuss over a wretched little caba! which is regarded with good humored contempt by the people of this town! The League was formed, so it is proclaimed, to protest against " a deliberate attempt at centralization on the part of Kalgoorlie." The so-called deliberate attempt at centralization consisted in the fact that one resident of Kalgoorlie has been nominated as a candidate for the Upper House. Seeing that Coolgardie has nominated six men for the three vacancies, and that she has an absolute certainty of getting two of the three seats for Coolgardie men, she ought to be satisfied. But she wants the three members, and also to be the terminus of the Esperance line. Considering all these things, it is pretty cool of the mother city to talk of the centralizing policy of Dustopolis. As we said before, the action of the League is causing the outlying centres to regard Coolgardie with a jaundiced eye. We know here that the ridiculous association is not capable of greatly affecting the result of the election. And this fact seems to be appreciated elsewhere, for a northern paper says: "It is a satisfaction to know that the League cannot be organised swiftly enough to exert much influence on the coming elections, and it may be hoped that it will either have ceased to be or have passed entirely out of existence before the necessity for another arises." This means that it is a joyous thing to know that the League is dead, but it would be a better thing to know that it would be even more completely defunct before next election. Therefore we think it is the duty of the League, seeing that it can't do any good and might do some harm by allowing people to believe it alive, to advertise its own death in all the papers circulating on the golclfields. 1 