THE GHOST'S EYES. Mrs. Robert Livingitono vbii a woman of superb dignity. Yet any one of her city friends would scarcely have recognised Ur in tLc rather clumsy flgure running and stumbling up the rough canon road tliat led from the lower bcan tlcld to the rancL-houie. Ht r black skitts Wire not held up, but allowed to trail a little and catch tlio fine dust and tar-xvted stain as she hurried on. Nothing of trifling importancu cjuld have forced JIary Livingstone thus far to forget her elegant self, even alone in a canon. The fog was coming up fiom the sea and .lowly closing in and di epening the shadows of the gorge. It was already lute twilight, and the ioi.elini'ss and gloom of the place tortured her over-tenso nerves. A little owl fltw with a shiill terrain over her head, and she screamed with it. A belated ground- squirrel rustled in the underbrush up the bank, aud she felt that all tLe terrors of the jungle were upon her. A sbaip (urn io the trail brought her at last hi view of the house, and the welcome glimmer of a light gavo her a litllu courage. She quickened her steps still moie in her eagerness, iovgettihf* that the canon stream crossed the road at tLe bend, aud missing the boatd she stepi ed i), ankle-drop. Even this the scarcely noticid, but spin shed 011 over the slippery stones. It was only when she reached the gale, breathless and dishevelled, that she stcmed to 'bu «b,'« to tl.ink. "I can't let Alien see me in this plight, *he laid to hersnlf. " He would ask all manner oi questions, and not be put oil', and I t ould not tell liim that. Oh, no, no I" But just then a light, youthful liguie appeared at tho veran dah steps, standing on crutches. j " What makes you so awfully late, mother ?" I le called to her. " I thought you mver would <!0m° here,' and the thin, complaining voice ?»ah even a little more impatient than uhu-1, ' Sing is on one of his worst rampages, and is 8avag« as hops bt cause dinner is late. I was ?.vent afraid to ask him to light the lamp, and .> vo btou sitting out here in tho dark for ages. <If there's a dish left out there, it won't be his ? fault. LisUu to that!" aud just then a tin pan deemed to go spinning across the kitchen. " " 1 am very souy, my dear," said Mrs. Liv Ctligslone quiet y, "but I was detained by the Mil inter. Me says the tbreslnr machine is broken, and he must go to Seco Grnnile to Snonotv for itpairs. Some of the men were to .be paid off, and I had their accouuts to look nver, I shall bo glad whi 11 your father gets tjomc. Hirvesling is too important a time for fne to be left alone, l'oor Allie, What a for Worn time you've had ! Come iu, and we'll .Jiiake up for it," and she preceded him lo the dark JittJo parlour. . QJ'ekly lighting the lamp, she said, " Turn Jt up more, diar, after it has burned a little, »nd tell Sing (o have dinuer in live minutes," and she hurried to her room, leaving her son wondering vaguely that his mother's hand should tremble as sbe held the match, and secretly wishing she had not left h'm to lace the irate Sing alone. i Allen Livingstone was 17, but long sceus tomed to having every wind tempered forhiui, he was naturally timid and not a little spoiled. .Mrs. Liviugslone lavished upon him that yearn ing and passionate teuderness that a bopeltssly \- crippled child calls forth from a mother's pity. .He was at onco her idol aud her sorrow, and his 'slightest wish was law. j Dinner at the ranch-howe was even more '.quiet than usual that evening. Mrs. Living. .stone appeared tired aud preoccupied, while Allen fretted childishly over the rather warmed up flavour of things on the table. j Tho off, tiding Chinaman name aud went in sullen routine. After the coffee, Mrs. Living stone put her arm lovingly over her son's shoul .dm and UJey went out lo the parlour thus. I..T?-. V^al0V0ly 3,h*rae- dearest," sho aai(J, , While father is a*ayt I u.ink lt would be nice for you to come over and sleep io your old [room adjoining mine. It will be moro sociable 'and we can play at being younger again, What ?do you think ? " .. "1 <Wt said Allen, indifferently lighting a delicate cigarita, The house was """ of tIlogfi prilnitve gpttnjah or-ructurea, built of adobe, one storv, and three , ,r8 facf!'B "n °I)e,) square-very pleasant and ..rtislio with the deep verandahs, viue-covered .."nd cool, and the little court always full 0f flowers and sunshiny but not so convenient and jpruolical for everyday comfort as some more {modern plans for homes. The main part of the ..house is taken up by the living-rooms, leaving f.he sleep,ng-rooms in the wings and far Separated. ' 1 [JIT ? for Mrs. Livingstone, > . !lt!f b"sband insisted that Allen should .'jive up Ins little bedroom next > to theirs, which I8,,,? "nT °C0Upied' aUd B° acr°ss tho , , : f h" bu-r was no Io"«er " baby. he said, ,»nd he had always needed that room for his ?«wn private use. He wanted a pl,1CB for uia desk and his books and tho bigfi!tfe M.hioh the family valuable aod often considerable sums ;n gold and silver, as he preferred to pay ,men m C0lu wilier than by cheque in the u&uai; way. , But his wife hud never been reconciled to having her ddicato child out of the sound (f her voice at night, and many a time had she stolen out in tho darkness to listen at his win dow to see that her darling was sleeping well and to indulge in a long mom ant cf adoring worship, as she strained her eyes to seethe pale faco on the pillow. " I wiJj g0 ar0UD(J th(J vtrandnh now, dear," -he said, asAlleu smoked, and bring you hi .igs for tt.o night. The couch is very comfortable, aud it will be lovelv to have you back." The chill air struck her unpleasantly as she opened the door. She shudder, d a little aud drew ht-r shawl closer, " What a fug !" she exclaimed, " The beans will be again delayed. It's worse than the conflict of haymaking and showeia in New England." Coming out of her son's room a few moments liter, w. h her atmt. full 0f her clothing, she was Startled by a slight noise across tho court It seemed like some heavy thing dropping with less sound than its weight would suggest In \- tho misty darkness she could see oothing Mary Livingstone was known f,lr «nd lteiir as a woman of unbounded courage and self-reliance l)Uri,.g her husband's frequent business trips to ian Vm-.cuco she stayed and ruled tho little kiuudom liko a queen. Not a man on the ranch hut was glad when Mrs. Livings! one was boss. The house in the canon was her ctslle, where she and Allen, with the faithful Sing, abode in security which none dared to molist. If anyone had told her a week ago that this m^ht she wi uld be a haunted creature, trembling and unslrung, tormented by an evii presentiment aud dreading she knew not what she would have laughed the prophet to scorn ' 'Jbe parlour door had beon left a littlo ajar and she pushed through it and on to her own apartment. " Please shut the door, Allie. My hands are full. I'll he ready for you soon." Drawing tho shadis, she set resolutely to woik about making her sou's room comfortable for the night. She dared not think, or she felt that she should scr< am from sheer nervous ness. Tho dainty silver toilet articles which were his pride she arranged on the broad desk, and aoou had the low loimging-couch transformed into an inviting bed, with nveu a hot-water bag tucked in at the root. She took from her closet-shelf his little toy-like night-lam,,, which had boeu one of his childish idols, and lighted it, and. after one or two littlo filial touches lie.-c a.-.d there, she called him. " It's time small boys were ssli pp. Lock tbc front door, dear, and como. I have such a funoy story to read to you." Allen hobbled in, a (light frown on bis delicate lace at being babyeil, anil surveyed tbo little room. " It's as cold as a barn in here," be said, " What ra»ken it so cold ! 1 don't want ta go to bed yet." " Oh, yes, you do. It's fitting late. You'll soon ba nice and comfortable ia your old nest. You will find it warmed." " Oil, well, I suppose thero is nothing else to do," he complained. " Where's the story ? " " I'll begin it now, while you're gelling ready," and Mrs. Livingstone settled herself by her lamp lo ie»d. In less than halt an hour she quietly peeped in to find her boy fast asleep. She wanted to stoop and kiss tbo white forebeaJ, but deuied bet self lest shu should awaken him, j Nearly closing tho door, sho walked restlessly about her roam a few niomints, aimlessly touch ing this and lookirg at that. She took her account book nut of the draggled dress she had worn down the canon and looked it over a little, soon putting it aside. ISho tiieil to read, but tbe words followed each otber unOer her eyes in an unknown toiiRue. She took up her Bible, anil even that seemed to hold nu word of peace. Fomotirm s as people in great peril go over their past life, she Tell to thinking of her«, but she was suon brought buck face to face with tho present. Tbe thought that she was struggling so to keep in abeyance, at last seemed to break its bounds and (ill her soul with an irrcsistiblo fascination ; she dwelt upou it and did not try to put it aside. 'J'lirte nighls ago, at midnight, she awakened suddenly, being conscious of a limit,us prcseuco near, and slowly there had grown from it (wo daiIt, glittering ej«s close to her fwu, wbiuh held her g; ze with leriible intealiie.M, This evening in the canon ihey had been there befvro her ell the way, and she hud almost succumbed to their terror. For iho first time she had noticed that the brows and corm-rt of tho eyes were slightly upturntd, like the Mongolian, What did it all mean ? 'J'Le end was wot yet. What would it be Y These thoughts seemed to enthral her. It was nearly 11 o'clock. Would it cento to night ? Outrido Iho night was so deathly still and so lonely. Why didu't tho wind blow ! Anything that would break the spell upon her. Shu turned the light donn, and threw herself wearily on tbe bed as shu was. With the first stroke o{ the clock »t midnight she woke trom a troubled sleep. In a liiommt she became distinctly conscious of a smoky odour, the unmistakable sceut of a China man's olotbiiig. A slight noise on the fkor caused her to sit up quickly. A man's head and shoulders were slowly emerging from under tho bed. Oue sickening moment she wtvered, then sprang out upon him, bolding him down for an inslant; but ho turned, and there glaied up at her those smnu eyos-the llond-like eyes of her vision, and the m»n wus Sing. She grappled with him in superhuman strength, how many desperate, struggling mo ments, she never knew. It seemed uu iternity. Not a word was uttered. She saw that hit superior strength must gain in the end. Ho conitoutly tried to reach for a knife which evidently was caught in some way, for ho failed to get it in his hand. At last Alien heard tbo noise and appeared at tbc door, almost fainting with fright. ? <. His mother spelled out to him, "O-e-t- Wt-o a-xe q-u-i-c-k," and then *di\ed, " Go to bwl, child." 'rt'.s , v. The boy had presence of mind lo go aroand, as there were many locked doors iu (ho way through the house. . . . The Chinaman, afraid of some outside assist ance, Ij0|;un (o brg. - " Me eatchi e money--me no kill. . You gib key- me no kill. You no gib, me slice su me killee you, kiliie AUie, too. You gib key?" Mrs. Livingstone said nothing, ami in an incredibly sbott time for him Allen came in, panting and dragging the gleaming axe. The liend saw it and became like a madman. He shrieked and bit at tie strong white wrists that held him like a vice. He foamed at the mouth in his fit of rage and fear, " Allen," Bho said, " get the trunk rope in the closet-be quick." ^ - . After an almost hopeless struggle and a little we»k help from her son she managed to tie one baud, then both together, and bad Allen make the other end fast lo tbe bedstead. ?...<,*' . ? Tbe rope was old, and iE it gsve way they wsre IobI;, for it was the only thing of tho kind available. Her knees were still on his chest. .'???. - '. Allen," she commanded, " go from the room and shut your door tight after you.'" , He was almost stupeHed, but obeyed blindly. In another instant he b< ard au awful blow and a abort shuffling sound, then a long moment of eilencc, but he dared not go in again. Presently his mother appeared, holding hit wounded hand. Bhe looked to him, in the dim light, like au old woman. Her face wbb ashen end drawn, and her dark hair had turned" j almost snowy white. He looked at her mutely. " My :lear," she said, slowly, " God knows it was the only way. He gave me the power to save us, or you and I, Allen, would this moment have been in the traitor's place." She guvo au involuntary shudder, but turned and locked the door on tho ghastly tceue. Taking some antiseptic solution she bathed her hand thoroughly and bound it up with some of Allen's handker. hiefs. She then sipped a small glass of whisky and w»ter,and lay down beside her son. So the long night wore away. There have been few changfs in Seco Valley. 'The lima beans grow on tbc broad, sunny low lands, are harvested, and grow again. Tho canon brook still sings its love song to the bios suniing hillsides. The owls and the mocking [ birds, tbe squirrels and tbe lizards, live as be [ fore, but the vines run rampant over the broad piazzas of the rattch-houss iu Seco Canon. Only a few complaining doves have their lic^ne in the low garret. When Mr. and Mrs. Robert Livingstone re turned to live iu New York their friends wel coined them back with open arms. It was binti d that, not being to the manner boru, Mr. Livingstone had not covered himseli with glory or luted bis purse with gold iu his ranching scheme ; but it was the change in Mrs, Living. stone that exciled the most comment. The snowy hair, the restless, hunted expression, and absent manner spoke ol some stupendous change from her own self. To only one trusted friend did she confide the mystery of her life. Every night at twelve o'clock there appeared to her two fierce, bard eyes, which would not turn tilt she was nearly beside herself with horror. 