suttees, The New Church The Opening Services. ELOQUENT SERMONS BY THE BISHOP OF BRISBANE A BISHOP STRETCH. A Splendid Offertory. Last Sunday— Scptuagcsiroa Sunday — was a red lettor day in tbo auoals of tlio pariah of St Luke's, Toowoomba, for it markod an orcut whioh is in cooaonaneo with tlio progress of the town and district, ae woll ae that of tho pariah of St. Luke's— naraoly, tho removal from tho old building in which tho' congregation havo worshipped for about 40 years into tho moro spacious, costly, and beautiful edifice, tho first part of which has just been completed and was dedicated to tho worship of God last Sunday. Before Baying good-bye to tbo old church nod turning our attention to the now one, it will nut be inappropriate to look baok for a brief mo- ment and contrast tlio enrrounpings wmeu pre vailed at tho time tho old church was initiated with those that accompany tho present edifice, . to touch in fact upon tho early history of St. Luko'a, and thoroby givo an excellent illustra tion of tho development of our town.- The old church of St. Luke's was ouo of our landmarks. "When it was firat erected Toowoomba as Ton- ' woomba was not. It had not been christened with tho significant appellation of 44 Great in tho future." When St. Luke's was built, what is now Toowoomba was known us tho Drayton Swamp. Tho town of Toowoomba waB than 'ouly in process of formation. Ruthvon-Btrcct was only coming into existence, and at that por tion of it whero Uorries-streot intorsccts now there stood a slab build-nir orected through the exertions of tho Ilev. Benjamin Gionnio, whosn home at that lime was ui Drayton. That Blab building was orocted as n school for tho children of the splitters and fencers Dion engaged in tho cutting of timber on what is now tho most settled portion of tho Main Range. Tho build ing was also devoted to divino worship ou Sun days. Cnnoo Glennie, who is now in in lus "65th year, and who was a living personification of tho grandest typo of a gocd clergyman, con ceived the idea of founding four churches on the Downs and dedicating them to the four \- . Evangelists, with tho result that tho churches at Drayton, Toowoomba, Warwick, and Dalby were boilt. To that good clcrgymao's forethought ia due the present site of St. Luke's, and his memory is to be perpetuated in a portion oi the new edifice. A grant for a Church of England building site was given by tho Government abovo the Gaol. At the first laud sale in Ruth ven-strcct, of Ruthven-streot 2 aero allotments' Cannon Glennio purchased tho two acres at the corner of Hcrrics and Rulhvon- slreet, behoving it to bo t'io most central position for a church and school. Ho purchased this land in tho name of the then Bishop of Newcastle, Dr. . Tyrrel, hut it is now vested in the Corporation of the diorese of Brisb&no.; By the savings out of his iocomo and private donations received, Mr. Glennio accumulated tho sum of .£800 for St. Luke's and this enm was handed over to tho diooese when tho first Bishop of Brisbane, tho latoHight Rev. Dr. Tufocll, was appointed to tlio newly formed See. By tlio side of the slab building alluded to was a little slab cottage for -.tbo resideuco of tho teacher, and few now-a-ilays -—Jan adequately realise tho difficulties under which this school was carried out or tho self- sacrifice on the part of bind hearted persons that enabled such difficulties to bo surmounted. As tho population increased it became necessary to e. lirgo tho slab building and a chanccl was erected. Subsequently the building of a new church was uodertakco aod the snoi of about .£600 was raised. The sits of tho now church was a vexod question ; and excited at tho time mush f.-« i iv, but that tho sum was raised upon the d ntinct understanding that the new church Bhoull bu elected on tbo site of. St. Luke's as tho iro t e nfc\l for the parish, as the town ! was then, i ut questionable However, the 1st i Hoi'. James Taylor, offered a site in j Ruibo'I-b r ot for tho new church and the que- ! tion of which site should bo adopted was even tually loft to tho decision of Bishop Tufnell. Tho Bishop dooidod in favor of tbo Kuesoll-stroot site giving os his reason that as in tho old country tbo traveller as he emerged from tho railway csrriago saw before him tho stocplo of his family church, so hero in Toowoomba tho traveller as ho alighted on tbo platform would eoo beforo him tho spiro of tho Church of England if creotcd in Russcll-strect. Ilonco tho erection of St. James' Church on its present silo. But as years went on the then little village of 200 inhabitants developed into a town with a popu lation exceeding 10,000. All this time tho small church at tho corner of Herrics and Ruthven-strccts, with its very limited soating accommodation, remained with but little, if any alteration. Tho town grew around it, popula tion increased, and still thoro wero but little signs of progress so far ns the oldest Church of Eugluud building was concerned. In tho early " nineties " it was still tlio same slab building built to moot tho ncodB of tho days of tho 44 fifties," ono of tho fow alterations visible being tho faot that it was cased on tho outaido with iron. So it was when in Soptombor, J891, tho present vicar, tbo Rov. T. St. John Pugho, was appoiutcd to St. Luko's, and ho saw at onco that, good service though tho old building had rendered it in the past, tho parish had outgrowu it, and if there was to be any progress the old structure must be superseded by a new building- What followed ia easily described. St. Luko'a was oroated into a separata parish under Mr. Pugha's charge, and that clergyman with ui06t commendable oncrgy set vigorously to work to bo erected. As wo remarked in our description of tho ceremony of laying tho foundation atone nearly two years ago, tho present Vicar after his appointment, ' At onco saw that if tho ohurch " was totako its truo plnco in Toowoomba, and " St. Luku's be formed into a parish, capable of " developing a vigorous, spiritual life, tho key to " tho wholo situation lay in strengthening the 44 centro and building a larger ond butter church." At the closo of 1891 Mr. Pugho started a fund to build tho now church. At first tlio plans wcro so concoivcd by tho diocesan architect, Mr. Buckcridgo, that tho church could bo built in two sections, tlio first portion to seat about 100, and to coBt about £4,500. Subsequently tho plans wore mourned on tlio lattor point and tho probablo exponso reduced by abnut £1000. It was proposed to rniso tho required amount over a period of threo years, and tho Vicar goucrously led tho way by giving his stipend to tho building fund for three years, by which tho fund was augmonted to tho extent of £1500, During theso three years Mr. Pugho dovotcd not only the wholo of lii9 income derived from tho church, but tho larger portion of his tiina and energy aa well. Tho now church of St. Luke's as it stands to-day iB a splendid monu ment of the zeal and por6cvoranco of the rev. gentleman. To his self- sacrificing efforts, tho success of the undertaking is mainly duo. It is truo that ho roccived liberal assistance, in which a very handsome donation of .£1000 by Mr. F. tho main work felt upon his shoulders And it must be confessed ho never shirked it in tho slightest. Sufficient money was collected to allow of tenders being invited about tbo middlo of 1891, and in November of t hat year tho tender of Mr. Jos. Ronwick was accepted for tho com pletion of the first portion of tlio building, tho amount of tho contruct being £3575. Tho foun. datiooa were immediately proceeded with, and were laid in a most substantial manner. On tho 13th March 1895, tho ceremony of laying tho foundation slono was performed by Lady .Norman, llio respecter wuo oi our mie pnpinnr Governor, the present Bishop of Brisbane de livering a very eloquent address. On tho oc- casion of this ceremony the total amount of tho collections laid upon the stone was ,£2i 17s. 9d. Since then tho work has inado rapid pro gress, and was completed so far, in tho early part of last wcok. THE NEW CHURCH. xiie new uiiurcn wuicn was opoocu an Dan- day was designed by Mr. Buckeriilgo, tbo Diocesan arclrtoct, and although only a portion of the original design has boon completed, it reflects the utmost credit on tbo architect. Tho church os a wholo has been designed in the Thirteenth Century Gothic stylo, and tho walls are c.ntrustod of hluo stone from the.lacol quarry, with Murphy's Creek freestone ilr»si- ingB. Although wo are accustomed to speak of , the ohnroh hr b'dog finished, such is nut rcu'.ly tho case, as only a portion of it has been coin- j pitted, and even that portion err ot id convoys | but & scant idea of tho outward bjautyoftho church, as originally designed by Mr. Buokor- idgc, which will ono day graco tho corner of Kuthven and Herrics-stroot. Tho coinpleto church will comprise navo, with North and South aisles ; choir with choir aisles and organ chamber ; North and South transepts, tho North transept having an apse and being ar ranged as a chapel for small congregations at weok day sorviccs, and a baptistry at the West ond. Tho total length of tlio building inter nally will bo 158 feet; width across the navo And choir, including aisles, 51ft. Gin. ; width across tho navo and transepts, 60 foot; height from floor to ridgo of roof, 57 feet. A Heche will bo placed at tho crossing of tbo trnnscpts and navo roof, and thcra wilt be a tower and spiro at tlio South-West anglo of tho building. Iu tho coinploto ohurch thero will bo sitting accommodation' for 850 persons. Tho present section of tho building comprises five bays of tho navo, North and South aisles and baptistry, a temporary chancel and vestry. Tho internal diinonsions arc s— Length, 104ft. ; width, 51ft. Gin. ; lioight of navo arcado walls, 3lft. ; aisle walls, 27ft. 9in. Tlio roof is boardod internally in tho form of a pointed aroh, divided iuto five bays with masslvo moulded principals supported on stouo shafts continued down to tho floor. The aisles nro divided transversely into five bays by moulded stone arches carried on wall shafts. Tho uavo arches nro also moulded and tho columns havo shafts aud moulded caps and bases. Tho baptistry arch is a fine piece of work; the clustered shafts and massive arch with its nail-head ornament, all in beautiful proportion, have a truly artistic effect. The ohouool anil vestry are ot a temporary nature, but ut tho eamo timo nro substantial aud artistic, The floor is also temporary, and will bo relaid when tho timber has bucorao thoroughly seasoned. Tho cxterioi presents an unfinished appearance owing to tho omission, for tlio present, of tlio stono parapets. Theso will bo somo Gft. in height, and will oonccul the aislo roofs. Tho buttresses havo yet to bo con tinued up 10ft. foot moro, and each finished with a gableb top. Tho walls, which are 3ft. thiok, aro constructed of blue stono from the Corporation quarry, and upwards of 1000 yards havo been used in tho building. Mr. J. Ronwick, tho contractor, speaks iu tho highest terms o tho voluo of this material for tho erection of buildings, and it is a wonder that its uso has not become groator in our midst. Tho froo- stono for making tho fucingR caino from Mr. Montgomery's quarry at Murphy's Creek, and ia a very superior quality of stone. Nearly the wholo of tlio blue stone was drcssod by Mr. G. Murray, junr., of whom Mr. Ronwick speaks in the highest terms of praise. In fact thu con tractor had an unusually good staff ot work men, which is horno out in tho fact that in no single instanco was tho work rejected of a sioglo man engaged in preparing tho freestone. When tho stones forming tlie columns wero required to fix in position thoy did not deviate in their dimension a hair's breadth, and so carefully was tlio stone wrought that onco placed in position thoy did not evon require to uo ruuuca nown. nnouier loiercsiing feature in connection with theso stones is that thoy each bear the mark of the tradesman who wrought them, and this building is the only one in Toowoomba at least, if not iu tho colony, in which the stones have received tho mason's marks. In futuro nges these marks will, uo doubt, provo interesting to archtnotogisls. Vontilation ib provided by means of casements in windows, open cornices at caves, and by an opening all along llio ridgo of tho ceiling. The windows aro glazed in tinted cathedral glass aud aro tho work of Messrs, Goodlct and Smith, of Sydney. Incandescent gas burners are nscd throughout on pendants, caeh nupportlng four burners and on nic&ly; ornaraontcd wall brackets, all of which have been made from the architect's designs. Thoncouitic properties are admirable, ordinary speaking being distinctly heard in every portion of tho edifice. To the preacher, as well as tbo congregation, this will bo a very great boon. The Accommodation in tho present section is sufficient for 436 worshippers and can be in- creased to oxjwuuo'jfc uuy percepcimo over crowding, by. using addition 1 chairs. The scats, whioh h-tve Icon very ta«tefully dosignrd, with an idea to conf ;rt as w«l| 'as beaut', rr-i the handiwork of Mr. T. S, Bur»tow, an.l rifl;ct very much credit upon his tst ' 1 a'»m. n on account of their ox- cil'once of finish. Tim gafittinpR wcro all mana'aci r?<l from ibo nrcUtccts designs by Mr. R. Filsl i, and havo boon remarket ly well finishol. Al In ah the wholu of the work was j carrio i on und-r Mr, Eenwidt's personal super intendence, ii.uffi credit is due to Mr. G. Philp, 1 the foreman n( the taatona, for tho work turned (oat by tho men under his charge. Mr. Ronwick has been engaged a little longer than two years iu building tho Church, every dt-tail of which is faithfully carried out to the satisfaction of tha architect, who speaks in high terms of praiso of the work done by the contractor, whilo Mr. Ronwick on his part, speaks equally culogis- ticallv of Mr. Ruckcridgu's plans, which nro, ho says, " the best I havo ever worked from." This is no email praiso coming from a gcutlo- man of Mr. Reuwick'a wide cxperienco in tho building trade. Tlio edifice, so far, is moat creditable ti both architect and builder. Wo -must not omit to mention that its erection was under tho general supervision of Messrs, Marks and Son, ncting on behalf of the Architect. THE OPENING. Tho opening services of tho Church com menced on Sunday morning with tho dedicatory mid Communion sorvicos, at which tho Lord Bishop of Brisbnno was celebrant, assisted by Bishop Stretch and tho Rev. T, St. J. P. L'ugho. Tho congregation was unusually largo, over 300 being prosent, whilo 105 received tho Communion. Tho church was prettily dccoratod with flowers, grccuory, and pot plants, all of which wcra displayed to tho best possiblo advantage. The sanctuary was draped with tasteful and costly hangings, while In front of the altar was laid a handeomo pUo carpet. Tho altar was decked with whito flowers, and suspended in front was a very neatly worked supcrfrontal, consisting of whito brocade silk and embroidery work ; tho pulpit and lcctcrn had also super- work of Mrs. Pugho, tho wifo of tho Vicar, and tho dclioacy of the work and tho beautiful finish reflected much credit on that lady. - Tlio front of (ho choir stalls and tho steps lending to llio chaueol wero also tastefully decorated with greenery and flowcra, while on cithar sido hand- somo foliage plants wcro arranged, and tho pulpit was decorated with greenery interspersed with flowers. Tho decorations ware carried out by tho ladies of St. Luke's Church, and liio artistic manner in whioh their work was per formed reflected credit on tho decorators. A nninbcr of tlio plants used In thu decorations wcro supplied by Mr. 11. R. Harding, Curator of the Botanical Gardens, Mr. Georga Scarle, aud other friends of tho church, At tlio 11 o'clock sorviccs it was anticipated that thoro would bo a very largo congregation, and to avoid a rush aud to enable St. Luke's congregation and other subscribers to tho Building Fund, to sccnro scats tickets of ad mission were issued, which admitted the holders in up to a quarter to 11 o'elock, when the doors wcro thrown opeu to tho general public. As early as ten o'clock pcoplo began to assemble at tho churcli, and from that timo to a littlo after olevcn it was a continually increasing gathering of pcoplo all eager to gain ndmiitsnco to St. Lake's. Tho churchwardens were present and attended to tho seating aocommodation. which was carried out to pcrfoction visitors t-nd all being provided with seats. It was arranged to seat GOO pcoplo, but although thoro were over 800 persona seated yot there appeared to lo no overcrowding. The services commenced with (he congrega tion singing hymn No. 215. Whilo tho hymn was being rendered tho mnlo portion of the choir, dressed in cassooks and aurpliokS worn for tho first timo and made by tho UdioB of St. Luke's Church, proceeded down tho Southern aislo and up tho navo of tlio Church to tbo chancel, followed by Bishop Stroteh, tho Rev. T- St. J. R'lghe, utul Bishop of Brisbane. Tho ordinary morning services proscribed for Sopttia- gesima Sunday wcro conducted by tho Vicar During tho servico hymns Noe. 215, 097, 379, and 302 wcro sung, ull of which had special rcfercnco to tlio day's event. SERMON BY THE BISIIOP OF BRIS- BANE. Tug Right Rev. tho Bishop of Brisbaco proaclicd tho morning sermon, which was a very eloquent, forcible, and appropriate discourse. Uo took for his text St. Matthow, clmp. 20, v. 0, 7: " And nbout tho olovooth hour ho went out and found othors standing idto, and saith untc them, Why stand yo horn all tho day idle? They say unto him, Because uo man hath hired us. llo saith unto thorn, Go ye also into the vineyard." Ilis Lordship commenced by dwolling on tho lesson whieli the Church do. signs to teach on Soptusgcsima Sunday. It was tho call to oncrgy, to labour, to work. It was tha summons to oach ono of us in our respective) diligent in . fulfilling tlio purposes of our being in doing what in us lies in our day and genera, tiou for tho glory or God and .llio good of our fellow men. IVo may trace, ho continued, th-i lesson moro or less distinctly io all tho Scrip tures which spocmlly belong to lite day. It appears not only in tho Gospel and opiRtle, but alao in tho first lessons appointed for tho morn ing and evening services. There, the subject brought under notico is God's own work, tlio work of Creation. Wo havo road in thu open ing pages of tbo book of Gauesis tbo simplo and yet Bublimo description of the putting forth that marvellous cnorgy by which tho heavens and the earth wcro husliud and all tho host of thorn, aud though a study of the law of evolu tion might enablo us tho better to pcrccivo thu principlo of gradation which scorned to charac terise tho Divine handiwork, yet it is to revolu tion nlono that wo turn for insight into thu source and well-spring o light and life. From it wo learn that in tho beginning God create! the heavens and tho earth. And thus wo havo bcon reminded that the solid earth on which uo staud with all Us untold marvels, tho wide vault of hcAven abovo us with all if a thousand glittering lights and star depths nnimogiimblo— earth, sen, and sky havo all a language for us to which wn do well to listen. ' Tho heavens declare tho glory of God, and tho firinancnt shewoth his handiwork." To a dovout mind theso and all tho wondors with which tho uni verse Is filled arc as it were Sacrament of Uts presence who is over all from tho beginning. An then when wo reflect with reverential aivo that tho Must High and Holy ono that inhabited eternity condescends to dwell with him that is of that rovcrenco should bo not alone. " Oh Lord how manifold aro thy works ; in wisdom hast then made thmn all," but rather, 11 When I consider Thy lioavenB the work ot Thy fingers, tho moon and tho stars which Thou hast created, what is man that Thou art mindful of hhn !" But we read also that God rested on tlio seventh day from all His worka that Ho had madn. Wo know, however, that theso words by no means imply an entire cessation from activity upon tho part of Him who neither slumbers nor sleeps. " God," it has bocn said, " did not got tho world going like a watch and leave it to spin round his flngcr for over." Evon if tha work of creation wero in a certain setieo ended, tlio work of a divino superintending l'roviuennc that ordereth nil things in huavuti nml onrth is curriodon without intermission. Not only wero nil things created by Him, nnd of Him, but by Him all things consist, Alt things in tins won derful world hold together nnd perform their work in unbroken order, ond harmony, through tlio unwearied activity of His Almighty will. Nor, as wc have implied, is this task of sustain ing and upholding tha visible universe tho only ono which umployed tho energies of tho Triune Godhead. Tho mediatorial work, tho raising of the sons of earth is carried on with the same uninterrupted activity as that of controlling and marshalling tho worlds that are scattered through spaco. " My Father worhcth and I work," said the Incarnate Son in vindication of tho Father with unabated energy is upholding all things by the work of Ilia power, tho Son of Man is perpetually identified with the concerns of tho human soul. That divino work of advo cacy And intercession is not suffered to he inter rupted for a moment as long as thoro arc souls fo ho won. Whurovor men are turning lo Gnd in truo repentance there tlie mediatorial work is being unwnariedly carried on : wherever thero are hardened hearts and blunted con sciences, there He staodeth at the door and knocketh ami waituth patiently for admission, Wherever loneiy neans aro craving iur a ueuur sympathy than earth can give, ond are sending forth irrepressible cries for strength and con- solitfon, there is a ready rosponse from the Groat High Priest of our profession, who ia perennially trucked with the feeling of our in firmities. Wherever mon and woman aro going astray like 1 »st sliocp upon tho mountains, tlu re ia th > Good Shophcrd employed in His merciful task of soeking and swing tha lest ono, in the fold. Pursuing tho subject, tho Bishop dwelt on tho continnons energy of the Ifoly Spirit's work cf moulding and disciplining the perverse wills of mon &nl; puidirg them into the truth which almo can frro. Th fellowship of th- Holy Ghost is no less a perpetual and life-giving oncrgy than ih-; Oracc t>f our L -rd Jp«ur Chriet and h FifcVily Lavn of God. Thus, then, tho erhnrta1 ion which enjoins upon us the duty of working, reBtson the great foundation fret that God himself is perpetually at work, thero follows 1Mb further thought that it is not ou'y our duty, l.tlb nl-o our high prlvilego in all that couosrns otic true life to follow workers , with God. Tho Epistlo of tbo day brings under our notico the words of ono in whom this conviction was mighty through God to the pulling down of the J strongholds of evil. So run, says St. Paul, that )'Q may obtain. I therefore run not as un certainly. So tight 1 not as ono that boatcth thu air. These nro oat the words of ouo stand ing idle In the market placo, hut of nno who had gone down to his Lord's vlnoyard and there worked with might and main, counting on no reward but Ilis Master's love and approbation and avowing himself but an unprofitable scr! vant. Ho felt that this earth with its weary load of sin nnd misery, was no placo to sit down in with folded hands and oasy contentment, but a place in which thero is much stern work to bo douo that admits of no postponement, a placo whero thero is perpetual warfare to bo waged both within and without us— a moral wilder- ness overgrown with tangled weeds nnd briars, that havo to be rooted up boforo tho world can beoome in nuy trao sense " tho Garden of tho Lord." He oboyod tho oall and wont in and wotked manfully, bearing tho burden and heat of tho day and pnBsod away to his eternal rest, and now the pnrnblo from which tho toxt Is tnkon addresses the samo rebuke, tho samo earnest summons to ourselves. Thero is tho samo need of earnest diligcnco now, ovon though It bo the ninth or tho eleventh hour of , the world's great day, as when tho great apostlo girded up his loins for tho life-long task. " Why stand ye idle?" "Why stnudeth thou idlo"iB still the stirring call which tho Lord of tho vino, yard addresses to Ilis innumerable labourers. Tho iiiort Prominent Irmoii IntntnlMl In tin ran vcyed by tho parable is thu necessity and tho duty of Christian exertion. It is tho call ad dressed to the idlers in the market place, "Go yn ulso aud work in my vineyard." In thn plainest and most literal senso aro these words a tern and urgent rebuke to tho indolent and frivilous, who go through life as though it had no serious aim or duties. Thero are thoso who work neither in tho vineyard of tlio Lord or out of it. Kxistcnco for thorn is not a moans to a high and holy end. Nay rather it is no means to any thing at all, but merely a spaco of time to bo got through with the least possiblo dis. comfort or annoyanco. Thero was a story told of a Roman Emperor who, when ho could not. call to mind any good deed done between son- Hsu and sunset, was wont to exclaim, "My friends, I havo lost a day." Such persons lost" not a day morely, but tho best part of their livus. At all times thoy may bo found idling even over their pleasures, sauntering from ono ; listlcKs amusement to another with a weariness which betrays how hollow aud fatso is such a life. Thero was for them littlu hope, but thero was always hope for those who worked because their anergic might bo turned into a worthier channel. But for thoso inert aud saph ss beings who fritter awiy life upon triflos what hope was there ? Why stand thoy all tho day idle ? If they bo not in earnest abont uiis worm s concerns what grounds ware thero for hopo that thoy will bo found fiithful la borers in God's vineyard. If they bo no faithful in tho righteous manner, who wilt1 commit to their trust tho truo riches. But they were not to forget that working in tho Lord's vineyard denotes fur more than being cngagod it) tlio world, Thero are busy men in the world ; (hero aro women engrossed in domestic cares ; thuro aro hard worked toilers with hand nnd brain who " rise up early and lute, tako rest and cat tho bread of carefulness," who are yot to all intents and purposes standing idle in tlm markot place, and why ? Bccauso tlioy havo tiover recognised the truo law of their being. Thoy havo never come in sight of their duty to God, bccauso they havo novcr realised that thoy aro Ilis by creation, redemption, and sanclification. Thero is no truo nnd lasting work which doos not boar tho impress of tho holiness of His will. Ills Lordship went on to Insist that Labor was uo bar to a Christian character. This led them onward to the further thought of tho applica tion ot tho toxt to themselves, that not alono as individuals but as members of this church was tiio summons addressed to them, and the ques tion wiiB what woro they oach doing for tho furtherance) of tho work in this land, where its progress, humanly speaking, depended upon tho faithfulness cf oach in his or lior sphere. It was because thcra wcro thoso who in tho silcnco of their soul having heard tho call wcro not disobedient that they wcro enabled at an earlier hour that morning with glad Eucharist to open tho church for tho servico of God. Would that uu MU» uruil III U 1>U3IMUU to IIBVS U1HUU 1IIB servico ono of consecration, but it was not becoming to consccrato for over to tho sorvico of Ood that which was not thoira to offer, as its oost was to a considerable sum as yet undis charged. Still to havo. done what has becu dono was a great thing. Many would remember that eight or nino years ago their chief pastor strongly counselled that thn church peoplo in Toowoomba should amalgamate tho two congre gations of St. Luke's nnd St. James' and orect ono groat church in tho centre of the town. But years passed and uo movement was mado. Then with thu goodwill of tho Rural Dean tho district of St. Luko'a was committed to their present Vicar, in tlio hopo thnt as the best ap parently could not be, the best possiblo might bo attained, and the unfit building givo place to ono moro worthy its high purpose. How ho had bocu enabled to labor solf-donyingly and to inspire others with a liko zoul it needed no words of his to describe. Si nwnu. meutum rcquiris, circumapico. Through times and seasons of exceptional diflloully, which severoly tests courago and endurance, himself spoading and beiug spout, seconded in his efforts by a good working committee and gene rous friends, ho hod persevered in the work to which ho hud been ealled, and thoy in their gladness that day rejoiced with him (the Vicar) and his co-workers in being assembled for tha worship of God in a building which oven in tho simple beauty of its design, and in tho honesty of its exception, a building which even in its present stage is the noblest structure that the Church possess in Southern Queensland. Their work was of groat moral value to the dioccso. It was a strong protest— a witneso for God in a pcoplo have littlo belief in tho possibility of carrying out a great work by direct giving or of moving at all without tho crutches of adventi tious aid. But thoy would not now rest with folded bunds. A really determined effort on the part of each ono would go far to dischargo tho dubt, and cheer tho heart of their vicar and his workers. Tho object lesson would bo of a great moral value to thomeelvcs, and to the diocosc, an showing what might bo dono throughout thcdiocoso. If thoro wcro in this church hut tho heart tu hoar tho call " Go work into my vinoyard 1" and obey tho voico instead of standing all tho day idle — if each ono who called himself a Christian would but give a tonili oi ins means to ine worn oi irou. >vuuiu that all who hud labored in St. Luko's could havo boon with thorn that day of gladness, and, in particular, that nged sorvnnt of God, though phynically unable to bo with thorn that day, had two days ngo begged him to asBuro thorn that though necessarily absent in body, through weight of years, would bo proeent in spirit. He (tho proachcr) urged upon thorn the desira bility of freeing their church from debt. Ho urged that a very determined effort on the part of each ono of tho great congrega tion present should bo made that day ns a thank offering, ond such would go far to discharge the dobt remaining oil the building. They should set their hearts on having tho design of tho building completed, and this could be dono if ll.uv An anil all nnlnrml nnmt the Kflfk In the spirit of prayer and a determination that it shall bo done. Tbo opportunity for this useful ness would not bo for long. Tho longest day soon reached its closo. Thoy had scarcely entered upon life's serious work when tho lengthening shadows began to speak of tho eleventh hour. Tho eleventh hour — how tho vory sound of thoso words deopens ovcry note of exhortation and solemnizes every warning. How much it says of thn coming of tho twoifth hour \yhich lins not yot struck. How much of tho golden hours which have already struck and which is still striking. Lato indeed hut not too late— too lato to undo all tho evil that ought to he uodnno, hut not too lots to do a!1 tho good that ought to bo dono. Not too lato for any ono of them oven at the olovonth hour to consccrato th»ir l'v'r ti Gnd. To begin to be generouB whero b'foro ihny had bmn niggardly;' to bo solf-tlenvia: whcr.i before thoy had been solfisli. Lot them pauso for a moment ere they loave thnfchaosu nnd uka homa with Ham the charge " Go work in my vineyard." Consider wha" thoy had been doing hitherto and consider what thoy ought to do era tho twelfth hour i-trikos, and wit > one tt:de comes thidaik night," when no man can work." J <us cnlta as ; oe'r tho tumult Of nur life's wild ro-t'cBS sea Day by day his sweet voico soundcth, Saying, "Christian, follow Me." ' Jo 'Us cfil's u< from thn w irahip Of tlie vain wmld's col Ini at' re, F -om each .idol that wi u'd keep us, Saying, " Cliriulim, Io?j Mc msr.V I Jesus calls us : by Thy mercies, Saviour, make us hear Thy call, Givo oar hearts to Thino obedience, Servo aud lovo Thco boat of all. Then wo shall find that He who has called os into His vineyard whs Himself working with them, and would own them as His servants on tho last great day, At tho conclusion of tho Bishop's sermon tho offortory was tokon, and rosultcd as detailed below m a very hnndsomo amount. Tho cere mony was (hen cancladcd In tlio usual foflttvol manner, thu congregation singing hymn No. 302. THE AFTERNOON SERVICE. In tho altornoon special services wore hold fof tho children, and a vory largo number wero pro. sent. Tho Bishop of Brhbano dollverod a most interesting and uistructivo address to Uio child- rco. Tho collection, which was for tlio North door, realised tho satisfactory sum of £10 Ms lid. THE EVENING SERVICE-SERMON BY BISHOP STRETCH. At tho Evening Servicu tho Church was oven mora thronged than in the morning, so much so, that somo hundreds woro unahlo to obtain ad mission. Tho Bishop of Drisb&no; read tho Lessons, and Bishop Stretch preached thu sermon, delivering a very oloqucnt discourse, which was listened to with rapt attention by the immcnso congregation, who keenly appreciated ovcry sontonco of it. Tho Bishop, who took for his toxt the words ui ironim i/vi., vorso -in, - Alio let oil tbo people say Amen— Praise the Lord," commenced by drawing attention to tho special significance of thu little word " Amen," and he traced the history and uso of that word from llio earliest ages, a word that was a wonderful bond of union between 'the adherents of tho Church and God. They would find it in tho Old Testa, mcnt. It very soon passed into lithurgic ueu iu thu Templo. It was used in the Greek, and iu tho Latin it had tho namo sound. Take tho German it was tho Batno, and in English it was tho same, and so it has occurred for hun dreds, tmy thousands ot years. In all dififcroncaa of time, nations, speech, and colour thero still rang ono clear nolo of union— tho Church's Amco. Uo thon traced its meaning. In our prayora— petitions to God— we express tho hopo that He in Ills great mercy will do it— hence tho " Amen— so bo it— so it is." But thero was moro in tho word than the archaic moaning— it was tbo expression of a strong living vigorous faith. It was the expres sion of truth, aa oxpression of tho stability of thoir churcli, an expression that was comforting to lienr in thoso times, an oxprcssioo of certainty in an agu of uncertainty. In tho midst of a world of llux and ahangc, in an ago of conflicts of scianco, of theories of morals, of disunion, doubt, and uncertainty in many forms, it was moro than comforting to hear that clear ringing watchword of certainty—' " Amen— so it is." Tako it ovon as an individual confcsssion of faith, Tako a singlo maa. Ho stands here In the world —a world eloquent of chango— changing scones from cradlo to grave. Truce his life from begin ning uutil death. What should ho bo able to do He should be ublo to stand hero, oven on thig rocking world nnd say, "I look through this sphere of changing circumstances, I take my stand upon tho Ruck of Ages. My hopo is iu the Everlasting. Amon— I boliovo it is truo, No thing shall ever shako tuy conviction. You may loll him God is noble. Ho will reply "Amon.'' You may toll ho cannot havo intcrcourso or communion with God. Uo will raply " I know it, hecauso I do. Amen." And sot only in. dividually hut collectively. Wboreror two or thrco wcro gathered together making a confes sion of faith each ono ejaculating in unison, " I boliovo in God," thero was tho everlasting " Amen— so it is." This fford was tho watch word of Christianity in all ages. In tho early Christian churches it was tho cry of the congre gations. So it wqb right through tho ages. Thoro was harmony in its collcctivo sound. Ho remembered once reading in ono of tho papers whero a gentleman informed llio Conductor how ouo of tho congregation could not join in tho singing because ho was not musical. There could not bo, the Conductor pointed out, & groator mistako. " Whothor thoy woro musical or not, tho oflcct of a congregation giving forth in a vigorous, heartfelt manner that word waa productive ot a certain amount of harmony. No matter how uomusioal a man might bo when the hilts gavo back tho echo at his voico it was returned to him with melody and harmony. And so it woo with tho Church of Christ. It matters not how little differences thero wcro in voices, what they wanted was united aotion, a bond of Hope and Faith. Lot all people say Amen. Now tho Church eamo in as tho gem of this co-oporativo llfo and indivi dual saying. Tito moment ono had this co operative lovo of tho Church as signified in tho confession of faith thus oxprcsscd thoy must havo a homo in tbo Church, and this word expressed tho character of that homo. They must havo a church. In ordor to givo oxprcssioo to it collectively thoy must havo somo fitting homo, somo church, in which to oxprcss tbo praiso of thu living God. And so it coinos about that such homes reflect to a certain extent tho character of our life. Whilo such lives are unsettled, that home is of temporary character. As they becumo moro settled so do their homos. Thoy liraome nnlrttrad. hraiitifiMl. adorned. Bo it was with the church in which they were in that night. It was an oxprossion ot tho stability of thoir town, as well os of stability in their faith. Besides being a beautiful act of faith, It was on expression of their belief in tho futuro In a dual senso — the futuro of thoir town, tho future of thoir material life, as well as tho future of their spiritual lifo. But it was moro than that. It was an expression of thoir belief in tho living God. Thatchurch was a temple of certainty, a practical, vivid, wondsrful expression of tho stability of thoir faith. With this faith so it was with thAt cliuroh. Strong aro the founda tions laid. Lofty, beautiful, and gracoful arc tho pillars raised upon thorn. High aud aspiring was tlio root aoove mum. cooi anu light is its interior. In its strength it is a vory fitting tempta of certainty. Thoro is no risk of change. It is based ou Iund founded upon tbo rack. It would stand ait tbo storms, and hero wo may safely say, " Atncu —so it is." That church was a good illustra tion of united action. Tho result they saw that night oxamplificd united action. Ho must admit, froely admit now, looking at that result, that in ono sense ho had dono them an injastice. Ho was of the opinion when thoir Vicar first told him what ho intended carrying out that ho was endeavoring to do too much. Ho war thankful that ho was wrong ; hut recollect it had only boon scoured by united action. Their Vicar como to them And suggested a great plan. Somo said, " It could not bo dono." Tho archi tect is culled in nnd IiIr thoughts took the shnpo of something beautiful in form, and then again tho pcoplo say, " Wo aro aiming at too much." Littlo by little the improvements became realised— by united action. This put him in mind of a grim story— only thero was no pain about theirs in a seoee— of thu history of the Ponlnsular War. When tho great Wel lington—Sir Arthur Wcllcsly— aHked his gone- rals how soon thuy could take the stronghold of Badajoz ono of them said, It might be dono iu 10 days," and another. " It will take thrco weeks." . But the groat general said " It has got to ho dono to day." What happened ? Thn word was " Amoo." They buckled on their sword belts, made ready for tho assault, and they stepped out to look death full in tho faco with tho courago that becomes a British soldier, And what was the result ? " It has got to ho dono to-day" said tho Gcncrnl, and BadHjox wmr taktn beforo nightfall. This was tlio ro'ult of united sentiment of action from goners! to drummer hoy, a sentiment transformed into short sharp stern practice. So it was. And one Aud all of thu pcoplo said " Anion— »o it is,'1 and so ho might say their success, depended on tho factof ricii and poor, old mid young, all com- bining together to perform what was indeed a groat and noble act of faith and love to the eternal Gnd. Already that day ho was pleased to st-xto that thoy bad testified in a marked manuor, as ovor £-100 had been subscribed in tho offertories, ia gold, cheques, notes, silver, und copper, an amount which c-xcoedod their greatest oxpecUtmns. One war glnd to see this Til t old people, the young mai"0»s, young men, and children, arn to be piaued in tho name of ine I'Oni tor ine pars moy naa laitcn in vneir wirk of faith and lovo. Now thoy wcro Abkel to completely got rid of the debt which was upon that building. He believed they would do it. no had no hesita tion in expensing his convi't'oa that thoy woul 1 do what their lend' r anko i. if rot to-'tny, to- morrow or Rome other time. Ho hoped they would soon hear of tho debt being fnrgott-n, and thov would »»y t> iIiIk a h'Mr'Mt Now for whi did tlwir ohurch exist? Did it oxi«l mi rely fo.- hs beauty ? Din it exist mer> ly for its kttVdfiy, cr merely btcauio it was an orntraeut to tha town? Oh no, Int for much more than this. U wssthcirtompleof cutaiuty, tho tcmplo whore the various pbatcs cf the different ages of lifo from tho cradle to tho grave would bo exemplified. What would be exemplified by what they woatd see in tha ohurch, say at the baptismal font, in thst temple of certainty? %V« say" blessed, Almighty God " toordinalc thisinfant tot lie Holy Spirit. There Is no donbt, hesitation, or argument. Let >11 the pcoplo say " Amen." Then again, when this young maid or man appeared for Confirma tion, and appeared before God to renew the Bolomn promise and vow that was mado at their baptism let all tho peoplo say " Amen." Again lot thempARSontothctimewbcnyonng men and maidens received that precious gift by which they enter into a moro sacred communion with God. Let all tho pcoplo say " Amen." When tho young man and maiden como into the church to bo united in boly wedlock, that institution so strangely spoken against, so terribly assailed, to wonder fully misunderstood, so lightly thought of, and so flippantly spoken of, when thoy hoard it said "Thoso whom God hath joined together lot no man put asunder," let all tbo pcoplo SAy " Amon." In this building tho very thought of divorco was impossible. That r acred bond of wedlock was as impossible to tear asunder aa thoso arches above wcro, and these arches wcro a very truo symbol in a sense of marriage. Fur thero thoy saw them, bound ono to the other, and by their onion made the strongest known combination. Then there waa ono other thought which must briog aadnei-s »»uu iv, 1111, umo niu-»fc come wneu imosueso walls, followed by sorrowing mourners, would be borno tbo last of thst which was mortal in them. There when tho solemn hut meaning words of " Oh, Grave, whero ia thy victory; oh. Death, where is thy sting ? " were pronounced. Again let all Hie people say Amen — so it h." So schooled, so strengthened, so helped, so built upon this most holy faith, he trusted they would in that church learn Icsiouh of tore, hopefulness, helpfulness, generority, in order that they build up a ichool of certainty. Aud then when tho time came for them to enter into tho imraediato 1'reaenco and see before them the beautiful vision realised by tho eternal glory of tlio greet God, to whom they have bean faithfu and true, they would then find all doubt and difficulty gouo for ever in preicnco of Him who is tho great Amen. To that he prayed earnestly let all peoplo Buy " Amen." THE MUSIC was a special feature of tho day's services. The Choir, which waa under tlie ablo conductorship of Mr. Stanloy Ilobson, exceeded all anticipa tions. Their singing and part singing was per fect, and it is a matter for astonishment that in so short a timo tlicy could havo bcon brought to suoh a state of perfection. This success clearly showed thoy had been most assiduous in their practice. The " To Deorn " was most beauti- largo building. The " Bencdiclus " was very sweetly sung, but the most difficult was the onthoro, " Lift tip your heads " (Messiah). The choir, however, did full justico to their respec tive parts, as also did the Orchestra, who as sisted materially to the success of the musical portion of the sorviccs. Tho orchestra com prised upwards of twenty members of the Too- wootnba Orchestral Society, and there were forty-three voices in tho choir. Tlio Or chestral Society very kindly gave their services gratuitously. In tho evening snoLhcr musical treat was given to the congrcgution whoa " Magnificent," " Nunc Dhnittis," and the anthem, " I was glad ' (Elvoy's), wcro rendered. Tho " Marcho Flam beaux " was beautifully rendered by tho Or chestra as a strong finale to both tho Morn ing and Evening services. Taking it all through tho musical portion was oven a greater success than tho most sanguine realised, aud tbo choir and Orchestral Society aro to bo congratulated on their efforts, whilo a word of praiso is also dao to Mr. Stanley Hobson for the perfect manner in which they wcro trained. The organ used was a new one, just purchased from Messrs. Hare- ton J: Co. The instrument is an Kstey two man. uul pedal organ with the following specifications- —Swell Organ : Gamba, viola, violctU,delicanto, fluto, aod dulciaua. Great Organ: Bourdon, Cremona, mclodia, diapason, principal, clario- ucttc, pedal bass, and manual coupler. Pedala clavier 2J octaves, open diapason lGft., stop diapason lGft. Mechanical : Vox humans, handside, blowlcvor. Pedal Mo/emcnta : Grand organ, great to pedals, swell to pedals and manual swell. THE OFFERTORIES. Tbo total of tbo Offertories during the day 'reached the splendid total of £460 lis., or nearly half the amount of the debt of £1020 to wipu off which during the opeuing services on Sunday and this week, Mr. Pugho mado the special appeal alluded to in our last iasuo. It iB gratifying to fiud such a liberal response lo the appeal, and it testifies in a marked senso to the liberal spirit ot tho pcoplo of Toowoomba. The congregations on Sun day wcro representative of all creeds and classes, and it is pleasant to sco such an event as the opening of the new Charch marked by such harmony and liberality, typical as it is of the friendly relations that in a com munity like this should subsist between alt classes and creeds. Tlie Vicar has every hopo mat uy nost ouuusy uikiii. uiu roweu """'""k will bu about, if not quite, free from debt. LAST NIGHT'S CONVERSAZIONE. The Conversazione held in lbs Masonic II.ill last night was exceedingly well attended. Several soogB were sang by Miss Marlay, Sir. Gratton, Mr. Powell, and Mr. Wooldndge, and a violin solo was rendered by Miss Gilder. At intervals interesting speeches were delivered by tho Rev. Mr. l'uglie, the Bishop of Brisbane, Canon Warner, and BLhop Stretch. The Rev. Mr. Pugho ot tho close of the proceedings thanked all who had so generously contributed towards thu offertories on Sunday and stated it was largely composed of gtfts of wage earners. ings, others their week's wages, and many girls had given their wholo week's earnings in order to relievo tho debt off tho church, if tho men of wculth iu Toowoomba belonging to the Church of England had contributed as liberally as the poorer classes had done the whole debt on the church would havo been paid off. Ho complimented Mr. Ronwick on the thoroughness of his work, and said it would ever remuin as a testimony of a faithful and conscientious con tractor. Ha also paid a high compliment to the architect, Mr. BackcriJgc, and to Mr. J. K. Warner, who had at ull tiniea given him tho most cordial ond hearty assistance. Thu people of Tuowocmbo did not k now, but the people of St. i.UKC n (11(1 OI ijib ( >! » »» uiliur b/uhu«m»h »«.«- unce in bringing about tho building of Hi. Luke's. He tk&nked; tho members of other denominations who had went in their liberal con tributions towards tbo liquidation of the debt, and ulso thu ladies for very kindly providing refrcbmenU on the most liberal scale for tho eveniug'ft entertainment. To onn and all he gave his most hearty thanks. Altogether a moat enjoyable evening was spent by all pre sent. SERVICE FOR MEN— TO-NIGHT. Wo wonld draw our readers attention lo the advertisement of tlie services in connection with the opening of Bt. Luke's this (Tuesday) even ing and Thursday. The service on this ovening is for men, and Bishop Stretch is the pre.w br. The Bishop i« a powerful speaker at all tim> a, but in speaking to men lie touches alt the noblenl chords of manhood, end should com mand a largo audience. The offertory is for tho South doorway, which tho Vicar has asked the men of Toowoomba to build. Tlio children subscribed over £40 toward tho North door- way, and as the Vicar remarked at the con- vorsszionc the men could easily givo five times that sum. The united choral tiervio will Lo held on Thursday by a chnjr of r>7cr GO voices, and will have tlie aid of the Orchestral Society. 