Chapter XII.—The Ruins. ••• It was the very next day after this strange encounter that the incident occurred before alluded to, which roused to. the keenest pitch the terrors of the inhabitants of the hituerto peaceful neighborhood. . The beautiful property named "The Ruins" was situated about four miles from Thorpe leigh Court, and now belonged to the father of Reginald Olford, the latter being the young man _ to • whom Godfrey Byng had announced his intention of committing suicide. . There was not a residence for miles round kept in more perfect order than " The Ruins" —the ruins proper, however, being about a mile distant from the dwelling, and stretching over an angle of the park, within which they were enclosed. ' The' broken, grey, and mullioned windows, the shattered arches and ruined gateways spoke as to the former grandeur and antiquity of the place; nor was Mr. Olford, senior, a little proud to possess in his demesne such striking remains of the ancient fortunes of an old family. . - . ' When the moon shone over the grey walls and "ivy-mantled . towers," the. ruins were very imposing and eerie. It is needless to say that tliev owned their own ghost; and if ever ghost had a right to make people uncomfort able the spirit' haunting this place might be .pardoned for so doing. In point of tact he had been treated unfairly and was continually demanding reparation, which, as years passed on, alas, lie still failed to obtain. In revenge he haunted the place, as the country folk be lieved, and none among tbem_would pass near the decaying building after nightfalL The present owner had purchased the place before he knew the story connected with it, and it certainly made him very uncomfortable when it was related to him. But the deed was done, the purchase completed, and he had taken possession of the property some six months when lie heard the tale, winch was on this wise—. -A certain Sir Godfrey Byng (quite a recent ancestor of. the Godfrey Byng who figures in this narrative) had died childless, bequeath ing all the funds belonging to him at the time of his death -to " his cousin and kinsman, Godfrey Byng."-. The poor gentleman had met with a, serious accident in the hunting field, and had not much time in which to dis pose of his possessions, so that a solicitor from the to wn near at-hand, instead of the family legal adviser, was hastily summoned to the dying man, and the latter dictated to him— notwithstanding the pain he was in—the manner in which his wealth was to be disposed of. At that /time the Godfrey ' Byng of the present narrative was but ten years of age, and knew nothing of what had happened to affect his future. But his relatives rejoiced in the boy's prospects, for : old Sir Godfrey had died, very rich; and no less a sum than eighty thousand pounds in hard cash would fall by and by to young Godfrey's share. . It was to accumulate till he was of. age...... But in the midst of these-great expectations —that is to say when the heir was nearly 14 and at Eton—another Godfrey Byng rose up and:claimed the. wealth which undoubtedly had been intended for the boy then at school. This other Godfrey had appeared from New York (where he had settled some'years pre; viously), and he had no difficulty in.proving that he, too, was "a kinsman and cousin" of old Sir Godfrey. The latter, he declared, had meant him to be the recipient of the £80,000 with the accumulated interest, and in terrible consternation the relatives of the Eton boy perceived that the newcomer would -probably establish bi3 claim. Eor, as we have seen, our Godfrey had another. .baptismal name— ''Godfrey Ronald"—and this second name had not been inserted in the too hurriedly written will. It was the deceased Sir Godfrey who had .remembered in his. dying moments that, there. might be trouble concerning the omission, which he earnestly desired to rectify. The solicitor had gone home; it was 2 o'clock in the morning; Sir Godfrey's strength was ebbing fast. With his failing breath the dying man appealed to those about him to write a state ment to the effect that,by the Godfrey Byng mentioned in his will he intended to designate his young cousin, Godfrey Ronald Byng, but that the haste with which the bequest had been made, together with the physical pain he was enduring, had occasioned the omissibn of the second baptismal name, Ronald. The medical man present instantly drew up the statement, and hardly had Sir Godfrey appended his signature when he became un conscious, and soon afterwards expired in the beautiful old mansion which he owned and to which he had been carried.- ; • ^Relatives who had - been telegraphed for arrived soon afterwards, as did also the solicitor who had drawn up the will, his opinion being unhesitatingly given that the explanatory letter, duly attested, would obviate all danger of .the American cousin succeeding in establish ing any claim. This precious attestation as to the testator's intentions was then placed in a small tin. box, and was confided in the presence of those assembled to the hands of the solicitor. It was late when the latter left the house; a cold moon was shining and a' brisk wind blowing. : . His way lay through the park, the path running' close by the riuns, whose crumbling archways and dim gateways wore such a pic turesque appearance that the lawyer paused, leaning over a wall and gazed , at the black shadows contrasted with the white moonlight. The solitude was complete, the beauty of the ruins enchanting. In the still, fresh, early morning a clock struck 3. What followed-exactly the lawyer could not describe, for he was suddenly struck from behind and fell, rolling down the slope and losing consciousness from the force of the blow. "When he recovered the moonlight was still playing on the ancient gateways and arches, but the shadows were not quite thrown across the samo angle.s, for"nearly an hour had elapsed since he had fainted. ■ . He had raised himself with-difficulty and then felt for his watch. It was gone, as well as the money he had had with him; also his dia mond ring and, a'as, the small case containing the dead Sir Godfrey's explanation of his last wishes. . ■ • It was at once recognised that the loss of the deed was a serious one. . Some reasonable hope, however, was cherished of recovering it; for the thief could hardly have been cognisant of its existence, and the case might have chattered down among the ruins, which diligent search might reveal. If it was not discovered, however, then would that other Godfrey Byng, not intended to beneiit by the request, be able to claim? There were witnesses who could make oath ss to the testator's request during his last moments ; would such testimony have weight sufficient to set aside the legal technicality of the point? He felt Unable to satisfy his doubt—a court of law must decide that. It was au • unfortunate occurrence. . Cold and shaken though he was, besides having received some bad bruises, ho was early at the spot by daylight, accompanied by. two police officers. Very diligent search was made over a wide area o£ the ruins, for if the tin • ease had struck the wall it might have rebounded to a good distance and be far from the spot where it had escaped his hold. . . , They searched then in seemingly impossible places for the box, and it was many days before the effort to discover it was abandoned. A reward was then offered for its restoration with the contents intact, and a free pardon to the thief. But this, too, failed in effect. Moreover, the story became known far and wide. It was after this that The Ruins were reported to be haunted. Years passed on and in course of time the two witnesses ro Sir Godfrey's signature of the important letter he had dictated died, and then it was that Godfrey Byng, of New York, put in his claim and made it good) He succeeded in obtaining legal judgment in his favor, and at the expiration of the remaining six years it was he, and not the Godfrey Ronald Byng we have read of here, to whom the money was awarded. Perhaps had this grievous disappointment never fallen to his lot the mm who loved Miss Thorpeleigh would have grown up less reckless and prone to despair. The remem brance'of his loss overshadowed hislast years at school and college, and gradually he had taken to bettiug on horses, losing—winning—losing; with the fatal result of getting into had habits and falling into debt, till here he was— as we have seen—virtually an outcast, driven to escape his creditors and his troubles by a resolve to take bis own life, and then by hiding, himself in a menial capacity. Once more cir cumstances had ousted him from the poor employment he had found and he was adrift ■ without a friend, since he could not accept' Margaret and was without a character. ! But in all his ways one consolation remained ! to him—no one, save Margaret, - suspected his identity with the presumed suicide, Godfrey Byng.' . , W lieu Margaret returned to her lhagmncent residence brokenhearted, yet with hope linger ing in her crushed life, she took a new reso-; lutioii; and tli& resolve would havC saved her; butrfor that new and strange occurrence which roused the indignation of all the county, and j of which we shall hear presently. She had: | thought that by-und-bye—a year hence, per I haps—Godfrey would write to her, and then, ' come what might, she would-bring him back. | Overcome by the constancy of her affection, ] he would consent to all her wishes, and they would begin together a new life, while she would be the happiest woman under the sun. Bo she reasoned, nod dreaming of the further blow which was to fall. Meantime Rmmie,; :Leigh Ifuriowes,\ and Martin, ,pow that the excitement they had undergone .had passed off and they, had to meet, the consequences of their midnight "escapade,-felt restless and dispirited. Ifor not one of them dreamed of escaping the measure which would' be severally dealt' out to them. • It was, just before the return of Martin's father and mother that Mr. Olford, senior, owner of The Ruins, returned one warm night iu early autumn from town. On such occasions lie made a point of.seuding any luggage home by the road, while he walked across his own park by a shorter route. " Nobody shall say that I tear to court the ghost of poor Sir God frey," he would remark, "and in time 1 hope to make some impression on the foolish rustics here." But he took care never to carry money or his watch; for though he did not dread ghostly visitants, he was aware that earthly ones might lurk, with no good intent, behind the ruined walls he' had to pass. ■ Still, so many years had now elapsed since tho lawyer, Mr. Ley ton, had been knocked down and robbed that the fear of the recur rence of suoh a thing had long since died away. In the course of twenty years one does forget. | Not imagining danger of any kind, Mr. Olford came on at an easy pace. The Ruins, ever majestic and beautiful, were never more imposing than they were in this soft light. He was pleased anew to feel that they were his own and that he could ieave them to his son Reginald after, him. Accordingly his eyes rested on the clustering ivy and the fretwork of stone, the clear sky showing through the framework of the arches. Then all at once a slight noise struck his ear, and in a moment lie found himself tripped up, helpless, and he knew that two-men were standing over him. "I have no money with me," said he, pre serving his presence of mind. " None—or you should have it as the price of my freedom." "That doesn't matter," said one of his as sailants hurriedly. "You shall he free and without harm if you will sign your name, but we must carry you to a place of safety." " What is it you want me to sign V I don't sign without knowing," said the captured gentlemen resolutely, silently registering a vow never more to pass The Ruins alone and at nightfall. "Time presses, so give heed," replied the foremost man. "What-you have to sign is a cheque for a thousand pounds payable to James Hills. . You've heard of Jim Hills, surely?" . . " And what if I do not sign?" returned Mr. Olford in much consternation. ."Why, then," with, a disagreeable laugh; "you will not leave the Ruins alive. Choose, but do not be too long about it." And the fellow produced a revolver. It was all very well to say "choose," but actually the pinioned gentleman had no choice, and of this he was aware. "'And supposing.that I sign—what then?" asked he, rightly surmising that this .un scrupulous-thief would-hardly release him till the cheque had been converted into gold. ; "Iu adoptiugthat wise' course you will he made as comfortable as circumstances permit through the night and you will be released as early as possible to-morrow morning. Can you expect more?" . Mr., Olford reflected. . . ; " "I will- give you three minutes," said his captor. "And. you are the man who figured as the underkeeper at Oak Park?" asked_ the gentle man; whose uncomfortable reflections may he easily surmised. "The Very same. - You see, if I had made a successful capture'of Lord Basil I should not be driven to this.extremity." ' 'You did not begin life as an under-keeper; I suspect, Mr. Hills ?" added Mr. Olford. " No, I confess that was a new experience to me," said the other with the utmostsaw/ froid. "But now, my dear sir, hard as you find it to choose between death and parting with a thousand pounds that choice you must make now on the-instant." • ■ ■ "I suppose I must sign the cheque," re plied Reginald's father slowly. "Howisitto be done?" "Very easily; the cheque only needs_ your signature as 1 have taken the precaution to procure a leaf from your cheque-book a good while since in case of emergencies. My con federate and I will now conduct you to your quarters for the-night.- - Remember that the least attempt at a cry or to escape sees you a dead man. We. shall: cover you with ] a re volver during the short transit from this spot to your resting-place." 1 | . Resistance being impossible, the unfortu nate gentleman admitted :with patience and the strap which bound his- legs being released he was hurried forward, his eyes being bandaged. : :. . . - • " Be ready to sign as soon as • I give the word," was the next sentence addressed to him. . . Suddenly he was pulled up, his eyes were unbandaged, alight was struck, and he saw tliat he was in an underground part of the Rums, the loneliest amid the lonely place. \- "Sign [" repeated, the man who called him self Jim Hills. r One hand was released from the leathern thong which bound it as this command was uttered.. ; : . ' "Take care! .Your hand shakes; there must be no dispute about the signature when this is presented at the bank.. Bill, give the gentleman some wine; that - will give ' him nerve." - -. " I will manage to do"it firmly without the wine, thank you," the poor gentleman hastened to say. " Ha! You are afraid the wine is drugged. I will drink of it to reassure you. And pouring out half a tumbler full from a flagon the mis creant tossed i--. olf. Mr. Olford accepted tne next draught offered him and signed the cheque in his usual handwriting. His hand was then at once, again secured in the leathern strap and the light extineuished. "You will now. be treated with all courtesy compatible without our position," said the man . who had been spokesman all through.* "Of course these'ruins will be searched presently, therefore we aro compelled to leave them before suspicion is aroused. Mind, no word; no attempt to escape, and all will be well—otherwise, do not expect to see home again." Then he was/Once moro blindfolded and led over the uneven ground, whither he was un able to determine. ' (To be continued.) 