THE BERESFORD GHOST. I In the month of October 1693, Sir f Tristram and Lady Beresforcl went on a j visit to her sister, Lady MacgillJ at Gill I Hall, now the seat of Lord Clanwilliam, | whose grandmother ivas eventually the I heiress of JSir J. Macgiil's property. One | morning Sir Tristram rose early, leaving i Lady Beresford asleep, and went out for a walk before breakfast. "When his wife j | joined the table very late, her appearance j and the embarrassment of her manner | attracted general attention, especially that of her husband. Ha made anxious | inquiries as to lier licatth, and asked her apart what had occurred to her wrist, which was tied up with black ribbon tightly bound round it. She earnestly entreated hiui not to inquire more then, or hereafter, as to the cause of her wear ing or continuing afterwards to wear that ribbon ; "for" she added, "you will never see xne without it." He replied : " Since you urge it so vehemently, I promise you not to inquire mere about it." After completing her hurried breakfast, she made anxious inquiries as to whether the post had yet arrived. It had not vet come in, and Sir Tristiam asked: " Why are you so particularly eager about letters to-day ? " " Because X expect to hear of Lord Tyrone's death, which took place on^ Tuesday." ""Well," remarked Sir Tristram, " X never shoald have put you down for a superstitious person ; but I suppose that some idle dream has dis turbed you." Shortly after, the servant brought in the letters; one was sealed with black wax. "It is as I expected," she cried; '. he is dead ! " The letter was from Lord Tyrone's steward, to inform them that his master had died in Dublin, on Tuesday, October 14th, at -1 Jj.ni. Sir.Tristram endeavored to console her, aEd begged her to restrain her grief, when she assured him that she felt re lieved and easier now that she knew the actual fact. She added: "I can now give you a most satisfactory piece of in telligence, viz., that I am with child, and that it will be a boy." A son was born in the following July. Sir Tri3traui sur vived its birth little uiore than six years. After his death Lady Beresford continued to reside with her.young family at his place in the county "of-Serry, and seldom went from home., She - hardly mingled with any neighbors or friends, excepting with Mr and Mrs Jackson; of Coleraine. He was the principal personage in that town, and was, by his mother, a near re lative of Sir Tristram. Bis wife was the daughter of Robert Gorges, IX.D. (a gentleman of good old English family, and possessed of a considerable estate in the coauty Meatii), by Jane Loftus, daughter of Sir Adam "Loftus, of Kath. farnham, and sister of Lord Lisburne. They had an only son, Richard Gorges, who was in the army, and became a General Officer very early in life. Yirith the Jackson's, Lady Beresford maintained a constant communication, and lived on the most intimate terms, while she seemed determined to eschew all other society and to remain in her chosen retirement. At the conclusion of three years thus passed, one luckless day "Young Gorges" most vehemently professed his passion for lier, and solicited her hand, urging his suit in a most passionate appeal, which was. evidently not displeasing to the fair *.vidow, and which, unfortunately for her, was successful. They were mar ried in 1704. One son and two daughters were born to them, when his abandoned and .dissolute conduct forced her to seek aiid obtain a separation. After this had continued for four years, General Gorges pretended extreme penitence ior his past misdeeds, and with the most solemn promises of amendment induced his wife to live with him again, and she became the mother of a, second son. The day month after her confinement happened to be her birthday, and having recovered, and feeling herself equal to some exer tion',, she sent for her son. Sir Marcus Beresford, then twenty years old, a.nd her married daughter. Lady Riverstone. She also invited Dr King, the .Archbishop of Dublin (who was an intimate friend), and an old clergyman who had christened "her, and who had always kept up a most kindly intercourse with her during her whole" life,, to make up a. stuall party to celebrate ' the day. In the early part of it Lady Beresford was engaged in a kindly conversation with her old friend the clergyman, and in the course of it said : " You know that I;am forty-eight this day?" "No, indeed," he ruplied, " you are oniy forty seven, for your mother had a dispute with me once on the very subject of your age, and I in consequence sent and con sulted the Registry, and can most confi dently assert that you are only forty seven this day." " You have signed my death warrant, then," she cried ; "leave me, I pmv, for I have not much longer to live, but have many things of grave im portance to settle before I die. Send my son and daughter to me immediately." The clergyman did as he was bidden. He directed Kir Marcus and his sister to go instantly to their mother: and he sent to the Archbishop and a few other friends to put them off from joining the birthday party. "When her two children repaired to Lady Beresford, she thus addiessed them: " I have something of deep importance to communicate to you, my dear children, before I die. You are no strangers to the intimacy and affeetion which subsisted iu early life between Lord Tvrone and myself. "We were educated together when young, under the same roof, iu the pernicious principles of Deism. Our real friends afterwards took every opportunity to convince us of our error, but their arguments were insufficient to overpower and uproot cur infidelity, though they had the effect of shaking our confidence in it, and leaving us wavering between the two opinions. In this perplexing state of doubt we made a solemn promise one to the other, that whichever died first should, if per mitted, appear to the other for the pur pose of declaring what religion was the one acceptable to the Almighty. One night, years after this interchange of promises, I was sleeping with your father at Gill Hall, when I suddenly awoke and discovered Lord Tyrone sitting visibly by the side of the bed. I screamed out, and vainly endeavored to rouse Sir Tristram. * Tell rae,' I said, ' Lord Tyrone, why and wherefore are you here at this time of the night 'l' ' Have you, then, forgotten our promise to each other, pledged in early life ? I died on Tuesday, at four o'clock. ? I have been permitted thus to appear iu order to assure you that the revealed religion is the true and only one by which we can be saved. I am also suffered to inform you that you are with child, and will produce a sou. who will marry my heiress; that Sir Tristram will not live long, when you will marry again, and you will die from the effects of childbirth in your foity>seventh year.' I begged from him some convincing sign or jjroof so that when the morning came'I might rely upon it, and feel satisfied that his appearance had bec-u real, and that it was not the phantom of my imagination. He caused the hangings of the lied to be drawn in an unusual way and impossible manner through an iron hoolc. I still was not satisfied, when he wrote his signature in my pouket-fcool:. I wanted, however, more substantial proof of his visit, v.-hen he laid his hand, which was cold as marble, on my wrist; the sinews shrank up, the nerves withered ut the touch. 1 A'ov.-,' he said, 1 let no mortal eye, while you live, ever see that wrist! ' and vanished. While I was conversing with him my thoughts were calm, but as soon as he disappeared I felt chilled with horror and dismay, a cold sweat came over me, and I again endeavored, but vainly, to awaken Sir Tristram ; a flood of tears came to ray relief, and 1 fell asleep. In the morning your father got up without disturbing me ; he had not noticed anything extraordinary about me or the bed- hangings. "When I aid arise, I found a long broom in the gallery out side the bedroom door, and with great i difficulty I unhooked the curtain, | fearing that the position of it might i excite surprise ana cause inquiry, i I. bound up my wrist with black ribbon before I went down to breakfast, where the agitation of my mind was too visible not to attract attention. . . . When I am gone, I wish that yon, my children, should unbind this black ribbon, and alone behold my wri6t before I am consigned to the grave." She then re quested to be left, that she might lie down and compose herself, and her children quitted the apartment, having desired her I attendant to watch her, and if any change came on to summon them to her bedside. In an hour the bell rang, and they hastened to the c:il]; but all was over. The two children having ordered everv one to retire, knelt down by the side of the bed, when Lady Riverstone unbound the black ribbon, and found the wrist exactly as Lady Bcresford had described it-every nerve withered, every sinew shrunk. Her friend the Archbishop had her buried in the cathedral of St. Patrick, in Dublin, in the Earl of Corfs touib where she now lies. -By the late Bight. ±ion. William Beresford, F.C., M.P., in the " Genealogical Magazine." 