A ROMANCE OF MAORILAHD. ON THE WAIKATO. rilAPTKR m.-CoK-riMTft .! Til A ]\'EST PUR)'. MVrh a loud nasli the massive : . ' •:'.;nv v.r, and the sav- • \ . : wi:ii i.ifo ai.J liiumph, ' ! ; io t!'C li'iyio. Tl-.cro was, a Ic.'.-.iiiv (:om the hall to •: i i :!ii-ii '.•( ihe dwelling. At i ,! iiic stairs stooJ Camden, .i . •: tiav, a levolvtr ill each Io p-•!.1 luJ cue hand on :: mII.LuI e:rw lucl; at the rcso- • In; i! c what do ye .^Lll ' in? his back 0 iliief replied: i.'v lobs the Maori of his :'>1 murdeis him at leisuie. iinild not the Maori fojlow the ! j of ilie Takeha and rob who he '•' J have never wronged ye in my life.' ar.sweied the old man. " • Tut ! The Pakehas are one ' responded Te Apora. briefly. ' My warriors want the blood of the 1'. !.l1-.i in exchange for the lives of two I it: las stain. Let him throw aside his fiur.s and submit himself to the will of To Apoia." " ' 1 dccline to have further parley vi'ii yon. Vou and your tribe are a l,i. y. plundering horde, whom neither minder nor lobbery can satisfy. Your will means destruction and ruin here, but you tlia'.l fight for it.' •'' The I'akeha is but one, we are irj:iv. Let him think !' said the chief, qmetly. " 'No; 1 know your bloody pur- I vsc,' cried vehemently.' Were there mire your number I would not yield ail effort for my life. Stand bark.' " A tall savage, less patient than his companions, sprang like a panther up it-e stair; but a shot from Camden's revolver hit him full in in the throat and lie lolled backn-aid dead. •' This was but the beginning of the end. Like a pack o( hounds the Maoris bounded forward and ovcrpowcied their victim and disarmed him. With blows and imprecations ti.oy dragged liini down-stairs. In his «V:.peratinn, be flung tenaciously to the mil and, in spite of al! the efforts of his murderers,they could not unloose his Jiands, when some savage, more rruel than the rest, drew his raaripi (knife) and severed the unfortunate's liiijiOi-s from his hinds. They bound up the maimed limb in mockery and led Camden into the dining room. The long dining-table-table was reared on end and the ruffians bound their victim to it with a stout cord. "' Will the "akeha ask Te Apora for his life?' questioned the chief with a sneer. "' No j Te Apora is a murderer and therefore he loves murder. Vet, let the chicf remember this scene when the bayonets of the Pakehas are at the throats of his race and fije consumes tin •ir hapus. Complete your murderous work. The Pakeha does not fear you.' " The old in.m spoke no more. He was hoisted bodily upward wiih the table and placed against ih.c wall, while his muidt rers, icueating "to the further end of the apartment, commenced a diabolical game of ball practice at their liuman target." CHAPTER IV. I hare no vanity. The tubs and joltings of this lovely world have pretty well eased ine of any particles of selfsufficiency I may have imbibed with my mother's milk, From..the first hour of uiy tnirte to the domicile of Sen Cable I saw that lus handsome, amiable daughter had set her line -to angle -Tor me. - As a rule*, the haH-blOods of New Zealand are quiet and retiring tn disposition, but, to ray astonishment. I-found Myra Cable quite the reverse in this respect Since the uqfortuate affair in the river, wherein 1 had flayed the part of the faicical hero, '-the lady had taken tne tinder bcr especial charge. Owing my sojourn ar, many lands 1 Jiad learnt .many modes of making Jove, but..for straightforward. vigorousand original billing the Prime Ministers daughter was thecbef-dceauwe. Here is an illustra'ion:. : Oneeveuing-wc (Myra: and !) were wandering down by-the tiverann-inatm. it ..was .a beautiful-moonlight night, almost as ..clear -as day. finddenlvihegnl stopped and: takingjne bv buih my BTnJs.'fiiad hertarge black eyes unon myiacc. . -•• t- i.ant, do you love me?" she said 1 brii H /, in a ralber cold .and Jbard tone ct x ice. ,1 hectics:ion wassosudden and un< cxijrctcd tUt i tould not reply for the moment. •• : ? because."' die continued, without («pi>}l»pt!lwer, I love fbu— 1 c}t>0i.0r tl) Jwnjjjl • *'^Vii}'fjJiiyriiillusi5«iotieapr^ar, owdl i-y.fn«mg-«ij»rl£ i [eft not a*B t it e she ai^nups 4r jtje^junc, fpmviriidtpne d 1U1 6 siigngesjijlitunslier eyes, it I as cctn {.dycajrs lo tne j>>pce yqu tame Nre Jiiistfer Ji}j qacstiori®" ] AnJIy—I JikS^on serf much ftay t3jat»po«jiJ> .she pnuJ swil»jfl,tn}fit» Mamjdficr »hat; ^luji Cable? H J^ilt at»ai. ^ B H ^ e frtjrned illcre ^ m m ii'jtl«lien tiiev senn mgfl nie-cilul. So it is with yuu. Do you think 1 have not the courage to kill yen ?" I felt inclined to roar out afresh at her question ; but, looking down al hei, I saw that she was intenible earn •' Myia, you arc half a I'akcha," 1 answered, in a grave way, so that she might not mistake my words. "The:; people about you here are ijnovam.but you have been to school and know many things that they can never know. It the chief Rewi wants a wife he se- lects w hom he pleases from his tribe : and, if the lady demurs, he uses force. Among the l'akehas it is different. Love does not come at our bidding, ueiiher will he depart from us wilh a word " ' " hove has come to me like a thief," she murmured, in a low tone. "1 am sorrv,'' I said, soothingly. "Uyand-hy, perhaps, Myia may s>ee some handsome fellow mole woilhy and more suitable for you as a husband lb:ni 1 am. Remember, I am alnio:-i a stronger to you and a guest beneath your father's roof." " You are a beautiful devil that hai come and taken the light out of my life," she cried, stamping her foot on the ground in a fictcc mood. " Before you came I was happy. N'ow I do not care if you throw me headforemost into the river!" " I'ooh, girl! You are beside yourself, over what, after all, may be only a passing fancy." "Fancy I" sheechoed,her eyes jabl.-ue, •' you shall see ! u and without another word she left me to find my way back alone. I was fairly puzzled what lo do under the circumstances. The girl was handsome, she was tolerably educaieii and one of the best female tiiimic<< (especially of the human voice) that i had heard in ray life. This I had good cause to remember later on. Fortunately for me, at this critical juncture, an adventure befel me which, for a time, relieved me of my fair persecutor. It was at the dose of a long day's pig hunting, in company of Rewi and others, that I chanced to oulsu ip my companions in chase of a huge boar, i was so pre-occupied with the excitement of the sport that 1 did not novice that 1 was alone and that the dusk of evening was gathering around me. When 1 did discover the fact I began to make a sound like the cry of "ihe pel—a signal to my companions ; but, to mv surprise and chagrin,, there was no respdosa Again and again I made the ravines ring with the uⅈ, but with no better success. I was tired wilh the hunt and very hungry, having tasted nothing in the way ot eatables since morning; but I felt that my best plan would be to push on and try and find the party returning home before darkness set in. At-lfcat time I had no idea that a search would be made for me by the young chicf and his men ; but, as it transpired afterwards, had I remained stationary in one place no "doubt they would have found me. But I hid an idea that I could find the settlement of the king very well by myself—like the presumptuous puppy that 1 was. Darkness came on apace and I as- cended the side of a deep ravine. Scrambling to the top, I sat down and fell for my comfottcr, in the shape of a short black cutty, which, by the way, had consumed some score pounds weight of tobacco. But I discovered that 1 had not the ghost of a match wherewith to light it The deuce fatl foul of that uglyboar!" 1 muttered, between my teeib. " No food and my pipe useless for the wjuitof a lucifer. A HI desptrandum ? I'll push ion j better to keep moving. I'm outheright track." Jt happened that 1 was not, though. Striding haphazard over the loose. stones'and boulders, I made headway up one ridge and down. another until the perspiration began to stand on me in huge drops. At the termination of a couple of hours I found myself entering a tall forest of kauri pines, which; I did not remember to have seen in our route during the pig hunt It was now quite dark, but there was sufficient light for me to ttace ray steps: yet the further I went the more dense became the scrub, until I was tern to Sit down and rest I began to despair now of finding ray way in the gloonj of night. My face - and hands were torn with the sharp thorns and prickles of tire stunted cawiie and ti-U-tree -and. by the same process, my cloihing had become well ventilated to the keen night wind. I I fek J would £ladlyiiaveta[changed a j^S-nbte for just one single wax match at that moment .^Perchance it jsjis^s wellihat l had none<withme. Matters tjjat jeem 40 pur .short- . ighted_jreaso)i a-pusfottunei^^jften turn out in the long rur, to ouradvantage I4iad been seated in the shelter' of one. of the >£nuid%kaun pines foi about an hour, ^rbeail became aware of a low. strange noise^n my vicinity, At fitst u sounded like the tvmd amongst the taohnood but anon ai latent ly listened 1 distinguished the' voices ofmen-tajking joudly. - Ijy-fert jwawlse was to give forth thecy<ifihtpelu, tyt foreigniravel liad taught ipe fiuUoa J therefore crawied upon my ,hands and knees in the direction uf the rounds a^d pre: seMly xame jipon a fcepe that made meTecl anything but comfortable. ^ ithin a email clearing ringed in bp thick belt of wee? J .saw a large fire. ^'Hfjn f fCerce fnanperajKmlur«r the Maoris when roased ifl mjer fcepw* aB^aned j»nd DpetSo* ^emainderJ ? liapu ol the Ktngites, but, under the tuition of Myr.i, 1 had gathered a smattering of the Maori language sufficient to enabie me lo comprehend the purport of what these savages were say ing- The gist of it was simply this: Ralph Hey wood, a sea captain, owned a large house and a fine estate somewhere in the neighborhood. Ben Cab'.e mentioned this gentleman's name to me as residing some thirtytwo miles further up the rivet, on a !;ranl of fine pasture land purchased Ivom the king, under whose protection he lived. The place occupied by the retired mariner was called " l'ern Clifl." and was considered the station far cxattencc on the Waikalo River. Here, then, 1 discovered that these men before me were pail of a robber tribe of Maoris, known as Te Huri, ihe banditti of New Zealand, who arc now, and ever have been, a scourge and a plague lo bolli peaceful Maori intl I'aktha. The purport of their visit was briefly lo plunder Captain Heywooii's house at Fern Cliff. Douched here listening to llicm, 1 was enabled to gather and put tojethet their whole plan of attack. The visit of thtse wretches meant more than plunder—it meant murder—cold,unci murdei; for I had heaid them spoken of even by their own race with a shudder of horror. I would have given all 1 had in the world to have warned Rewi of the pre senee of these marauders. But how was it to be done? Even had 1 known the way to the settlement, how was 1 lo bring the requisite succor up in time. The attack was to be made 011 Fci n Cliff on the following morning and in the meantime three scouts wereordered by Tutara, Ihe leader of the party, lo proceed to Ibe station at once to recoil-, noitre, with orders lo return before, dawn and report progress. As I beard this order given, an idea suddenly flashed across me. I 4 eter " mined to dog the heels of the scouts, discover the Fem Cliff and warn the inmates of their danger. Before I had time to clearly fix (his decision in my mind, the three savages leapt out ot the .ciicle and began their journey. Luckily tbey passed wilhin five paces of my concealment without discovering nic. Rising from iny posture, I followed cautiously in their footsteps. My eyes had grown accustomed to the night and I could discern them very well. I fell no fear, so far as my own personal safely was concerned. 1 was armed with a double-barrelled rifle, also revolver, both of which X had taken the precaution 10 load ere I started on my way back to the hapu. Tor a long lime 1 hovered at the rear of the scouts, who moved al a rattling pace. Once or twice J imagined they had discovered me, but soon found tbey had paused to be certain of the route. CHAPTER V. It was very fatiguing and a great draw on my staying powers to keep pace wilh the Maori scouts. Theii pace was neither slow nor gentle, but a rasping, swinging gait, peculiar to these people, and by which the slowest ol them can manage to get over five 01 six English miles an hour for days together when on the warpath or foraging expeditions. It was a moment when I began tc entertain serious doubts as to my ability to. keep the. Maoris in Aiew that I was relieved by a sudden hall on their pan, The spot was a high clifi or ridge, overlooking a ravine which had been thickly wooded on eilher side, but the axe of the settler had thined the giant kauris, leaving a noble, park-like valley, at the upper end 01 which there loomed out the gables of a large house. There were lights tnint ling al the windows and-the sound ot voices could be heard The moon had risen injioiir previ ously and by its light jl could discern several out-houies. stables, sheds and a host of other indications which'be spoke the well-to-do settler. The picture was beautiful in its calm repose and .stillness, viewed -beneath the glow of themoon. Howeversoonthc black storm of. human passion npght lower over the peaceful scene, thesUrssparkled and :the moon shone in undisturbed tranquility. The scouts 'did not leave me much tune for cogitation. ^Taking a orqiitous route, but in a iwore cautiojis than .-hitherto, they approached ->th4 house bythegarden.thelaiter having a high fence on one side with a broad creek-op the other. Here, withm rifle shot of the dwelluig of Captain Hey. wood, thejrtaotl£1Bat down byihebanks of thestreamtto test-ere-proceeding to It was useless my dogging the scouts any longer i-knew that these irar nors - would -have- to -t^Uirn to then comrades and reportjttpgrejs ere Uungjn ihMhape.oT #0 -^ack.jwould be attempted. Cautiously rebjuang toy steps, 1 made my iffay rophd ffje^arden fence pan opening 4eadipg *o4hei>ack pait of the premises. I could 1opt help nptlcine that the hojiseWasjaije, flne.jsfoiy and solidly built of stqpe, nith a broad wrpndah stretchingToupd^three *ides. the veai wall being «pen lo the orchard arid thepce to^be creek. I Jiad jSawiaged to *each within a dozen (pates of ithe shack door when a bugedog lMpt#otth me to thejitmost Stretchjof-Jhis cl^un J tell jvhatjptesessed me At the *tho ceased 3ns noise m,fn Jj^an to'Jnijr round ffiOSt^ ? 