The Sydney Morning Herald. FRIDAY, JANUARY 1, 1897. The steamer Taupo has arrived at Auckland from the islands, and further particulars have been obtained with regard to the speaking of the Swanhilda. When the vassel was signalled and gave her name, Captain M'Beth, of the Taupo, had not read the account of the mountain murders, and was not aware of the supposed murderer being on board the sailing vessel, but one of his officers informed him of the circumstance. Thereupon he resolved to communicate with the Swanhilda, and signalled, " Have important communication to make." The vessel then hove to, and the Taupo's second mate, who had a file of the papers, was sent aboard with a verbal message for the captain. The crew of the boat had strict orders to refrain from communicating with the crew of the sailing vessel, and the second mate had an interview with the captain in his private cabin. Captain Fraser expressed his thanks, but did not give any indication of his intentions. Some of the Swanhilda's crew endeavoured to enter into conversation with the boat's crew. One man of a stoutish build, with a ginger moustache, seemed somewhat excited and eager to know what the communication was, and leaning over the rails he asked :—" What do you fellows want? You are after something." One of the boatmen replied :—" Oh, our captain only wants to give you the latest news from the world, as you'll be a long time cut off. " The boat was only alongside a few minutes, everything being done with privacy and despatch. Captain M'Beth states that if he had been on his way to Auckland he would, if possible, have secured Butler and brought him to port. He has no doubt that Butler was in irons the same night. Her Majesty the Queen has sent a message of sympathy to the sufferers by the great bog slide in Ireland. Terrible ravages are being made by the bubonic plague in Bombay. In one street 20 funerals took place in as many minutes. Owing to their cleanly habits the native Christians are completely escaping the ravages of the disease. The greatest feeling of panic prevails amongst the natives, and the social season is dead. Mr. Joseph Mitchell has been delayed by illness in England in making the arrangements in con- nection with the formation of a syndicate to un- dertake the manufacture of iron from the native ores of New South Wales. He will sail for Sydney by the R.M.S. Massilia, which was to sail from London on the 31st of December, and will bring with him definite proposals. He has a bank guarantee for the capital required. The members of the Irish party in the House of Commons intend to move an amendment on the Address in Reply at the opening of the Im- perial Parliament upon the question of Ireland's financial grievance. Reports from Bombay are to the effect that trouble is brewing between the Mohmands and the Khangawagai people on the boundary between Afghanistan and British India. The management of Nobel's Explosives Com- pany, Limited, has expressed its willingness to establish a cordite factory in Melbourne. Mr. Henniker Heaton, who is on his way from Australia to England, has stated that he is taking important concessions from the Australian Go- vernments towards securing Imperial penny post- age. The trial at Sofia in connection with the murder of M. Stambouloff has resulted in two of the accused being found guilty of complicity in the crime, and they have been sentenced to three years' imprisonment. As a drilling vessel was engaged in deepening Devonport Dockyard she was struck by a gale and driven over the area of a dynamite explo- sion. She was capsized, and two of those on board were drowned. Fifty others escaped with great difficulty. Great Britain has asked Bulgaria to conclude the parleyings for a commercial treaty between the two countries by the 13th of January. The annual balance-sheet of the North British Australasian Company, Limited, shows a profit for the year of £1493. Mr. Cecil Rhodes, who has returned to Cape- town, was accorded an ovation on his arrival. The Lord Mayor of London has refused to open an Indian Famine Relief Fund until he is authorised to do so by the Government. At Nevertire the ruined aspect of the town after the recent tornado is rapidly being changed, numbers of men being engaged in repairing the buildings. It is found that several families require financial assistance, and by some it is anticipated that the sufferers will be helped by the Government, or by private donations. Mrs. Frost, a nurse, was seriously injured while rescuing a woman and her infant, and had to be sent to Nyngan for medical assistance. She is a widow with two children to support, and is now penniless. Yesterday the Minister for Public Works and the Postmaster-General continued their tour in the north coast district. They have been warmly received everywhere. A telegram from Pooncarie, on the Lower Darling, states that a man named William Dunlop had perished in the district from thirst. Sub-inspector James Smith, who had charge of the Narrabri police district, yesterday committed suicide by shooting himself with a revolver. He left several letters, in one of which he stated that he felt that his mind was becoming un- hinged, and that he preferred death to life in an asylum. The Queensland cricketers commenced a match against Hawkes Bay (N.Z.) at Napier yesterday. A jockey named Huxtable was killed on Wed- nesday whilst riding in a pony steeplechase at Auckland. In another column will be found the results of the recent annual examinations held in connection with the University of Sydney. The barque Jabez, which recently put in at Tahiti in a leaky condition, has been abandoned and sold to be broken up. The American vessel Salvadore has also been condemned and sold at Tahiti. Disastrous bush fires are raging in the Wel- lington province, in the Masterton district, New Zealand. Superintendent Sadlier retired yesterday on his pension from the Victorian police force after 44 years' service, half of which had been spent in the metropolitan district. The Victorian revenue returns for the first half of the financial year show an increase of £118,827, as compared with the corresponding period of last year. Last night the streets of the city were thronged, and the various places of amusement were well patronised. As is customary, " watch-night " services were held at the principal churches. At midnight the new year was ushered in with firing of guns, blowing of whistles, and the dis- cordant sounds that invariably mark that event. There was practically nothing doing in the Stock and Share or Import markets yesterday. In the latter the only transaction of note was the placing of 250 tons of local wheat for export on private terms. At Darling Harbour yesterday 1686 bales of wool were manifested to arrive, 187 bales arrived coastwise, and 135 were received by rail at New- castle on Wednesday. The Customs revenue received yesterday amounted to £2989. The holiday at the beginning of the new year has some noteworthy pecu- liarities. It often begins with good resolutions in the morning, which are forgotten in the pleasant festivities of the evening. Most of our other anniversaries refer to some event or to some great principle that has shaped the history of the world in the past, and that is likely to mould the future. New Year's Day represents nothing but an arbitrary division of time. For ages past the poets have been lamenting the fact that hard-hearted chronologists do not allow them to date the beginning of the year from the opening of the spring months. But as the advent of spring is capricious there might be more sense in fixing upon the longest or the shortest day as a suit- able occasion for rejoicing. It is now use- less, however, to suggest any change. In the flux of time the first of January is like a welcome mile-stone on the road, or an anticipated stump on the bank of a river. And the reason why it has always been met with festivities, and why it will continue to be celebrated in a joyful fashion, is simply that it affords an opportunity of expressing that hope which "springs eternal in the human breast." It gives the chance of expressing good wishes for the future, which is naturally vague and indefinite and full of all sorts of possibilities. One of our poets has it that "We look before and after." There can be no doubt that the joyous charm of the new year is in looking ahead and hoping that the next stretch of travel is to be pleasanter than the last. There are, of course, some who think that the dying year should lead to sadness and regret and remorse, and that the new year should bring repentance and sternness and resolu- tion. The majority of people, however, wish to begin the record of 1897 with a smiling countenance and a hopeful mind. It is astonishing, indeed, to see how quickly the past year comes to be treated with contempt, or rather with disdain. In the lines of TENNYSON it represents age and weariness and falsehood, and in the pages of Mr. Punch it vanishes into the mists of the past blackened by blunders and vices, while the new year comes rosy and laughing and full of hope. The wish, in fact, is like that of the traveller who would fain believe that he has passed the worst part of his journey. Forgetting the things which are behind, he expects that the way will be less rough. The reason may say that the world will continue its immemorial course, and that the inexplicable mixture of work and action which forms the warp and woof of human life will weave the destiny of men in the future as in the days of yore. The sentiment of hopefulness remains, and, like every good thing on this earth, it is not without value. No reason, however, can be assigned for limiting the good wishes of the season to the welfare of individuals. They may be extended to the wider organisations by which all the members of civilised com- munities exist. From this point of view we may hope that in the course of another twelve months Sydney will be a cleaner city, and able to boast of better means of transit and that even greater energy will be shown in the producing industries upon which the prosperity of New South Wales depends. It may be wished also that in the coming year the people should be more independent and self-reliant ; and that the Government should be less given to experiments in business affairs of which it has but the most rudimentary com- prehension. It is to be desired also that the well-known methods of counteracting the effects of dry climates should be tested in this colony. And, without enlarging upon the subject, we may say that there are hundreds of good wishes which all of us would like to express alike for Sydney and the inland towns and the country districts. But the new year brings no sudden change in the ordinary course of development. It is too much to expect that a Minister will con- fess that he is ignorant of anything, and that there are some businesses which had better be left to private enterprise. The average Minister will probably still continue his pleasant assumption of infallibility, and look with a kindly eye both on a report for mending a road and on the mathematical formulae for calculating the strength of auto-cars. And as for the city, we may be told by the learned that Rome was not built in a day, and by the practical men that they are making inquiries. Behind the good wishes of the season, therefore, it might be well that the people should exercise a little will-power, so that their desires may be carried into effect. It is in this way that the sum of happiness during the new year is most likely to be increased. But the greetings which are usually ex- changed between individuals at this season might be extended to the nations. Why should not all the European Powers be able to desire a happy year for each other ? This question brings to light that spectre of the future which cannot be laid or driven away by all the joyousness of the world. In the literature of the holiday season many ghosts are dragged out from the past and made to disport themselves for an hour to the amusement of the reader. The spectre of the future is treated with much greater reverence, because it is a reality. It is now an old saying that there is a skeleton in every cupboard, but in this case we know that the skeleton is ready before the cupboard is made. The ancient Egyptians displayed the emblems of death at their feasts. Nothing so vul- gar is done in modern Europe ; but a news- paper like the Spectator, which loves peace and shudders at any cruelty to dogs or horses, actually suggests that England should spend fifty millions of money in fighting ships alone, so that France may be convinced once for all that she is unable to compete for the supremacy of the seas. This is put forward as England's New Year gift to that fury of the future whose name is dread and whose purpose is war. There was perhaps never a time in the history of the world when the attitude of the nations could have been so truthfully described as one of fear and distrust. It is not that there is any lack of personal courage, but there is a decided in- clination to shun the awful con- sequences that a great war would involve. And upon this fact lies the hope we have that peace may be granted for another year. Twelve months ago it almost seemed that a coalition had been made against Great Britain. Now, how- ever, the confidence of her allies in Ger- many has been shaken by the rash words of the EMPEROR and the vin- dictive revelations of Prince BISMARCK, while the agreement between France and Russia has only produced a few flowers that have not yet come to fruit. It would appear that after all the negotiations of the past year the sides for a contest have not yet been chosen. This very uncertainty leads to the hope that the new year will be peaceful ; and peace, it need hardly be said, will contribute to the happiness of every indi- vidual. But there are other things than war that interfere with the development of a people. There is a tendency in the colonies to bring every employer and every worker under the superintendence of the police and of inspectors, and to create an official army of meddlers. An occasional holiday will not be compensation enough for such interference. On the con- trary, the people who are most free and most independent are those who can enjoy their holidays with the lightest hearts. Well fitted are the sentiments of New Year's Day to the free men who, caring nought for official schemes and unshackled by military systems, can help to make the new year happy both for themselves and their friends by their own efforts. Although the financial and industrial history of the year is marked by light and shade, the perusal of the facts and figures published elsewhere will leave no room to doubt that the record is a favourable one. The colony is gradually emerging from the cloud under which its progress was less clearly apparent though not less real than in some earlier years when every- thing seemed brighter, and people lived in an imaginary paradise on the proceeds of excessive loans. It is true that in 1896 we did not construct so many miles of railway as in some previous years, and that there is not as large a record of new public works opened, nor so great an ex- penditure of money on the services of the State. But instead we can point to a larger area of land put under wheat than in any earlier year of the colony's history. Greater activity is apparent in the dairying industry. The timber-getting business has largely expanded. Our mineral enterprise has been pursued with unwonted energy ; and has the prospect of still greater deve- lopment from the opening up of the ex- tensive smelting works in our colliery districts at Newcastle and Illawarra. Manufacturing enterprise is extending under the operation of labour conditions undisturbed by the undue competition for Government works. And all these new developments, which must give greater variety to the industries of the colony, will leave in undiminished vigour the enterprise embarked in the great pastoral industry, that still fur- nishes three-fourths of the exportable wealth of the country. No one can question that the transference of labour from tho State service to that of private enterprise engaged in the development of the great natural resources of the country will at an early date place the community in conditions more substantially pros- perous than have been known for many years. The figures quoted elsewhere leave no doubt that the colony is moving towards that happier state. Among the many new companies formed are some to deve- lop dairying and timber-getting enter- prise, others to promote pastoral, farm- ing, and fruit-growing industry, and many more to prosecute mining operations. All this enterprise is being promoted by the abundance of cheap money, which, being removed from land speculation, is available for more useful pro- ductive work. Within the year there was a reduction of from 1 to 1½ per cent. in the lending rates, and capital is now available on easier terms to those who require it than at any previous time in the history of the country. No doubt caution is exercised by capitalists, who in a more than ordinary degree give preference to invest- ments with little risk, except in the case of mining properties, which always seem to command more than the usual amount of attention when money is plentiful in British communities. While the monetary institutions do not show so great an increase of money lent to them as in some previous years, the com- paratively smaller aggregate of mortgages and larger redemptions of mortgages suggest a satisfactory cause. The greater the amount of money that is used by our capitalists directly instead of through the banks and mortgage societies, the less there will be for these institutions to employ. Whether that is an advantage of course will depend on the profitableness of the use made of it. At least there will be a fuller trial of what many regard as a necessary stage to a better state of things. Personal interests and supervision usually count in the successful management of business affairs. The actual results of the year's opera- tions in all branches of industry and enterprise only fell short of those of previous years in cases where the weather has been unpropitious. But for this the figures under almost every head of production would have been larger than in any previous year. The clip of 1895-6 was short by 120,000 bales because of the loss by drought of some 11 millions of sheep, but for the reduction in its weight there was pretty nearly full compensation in the higher value received. The wheat- growers have had prosperous results, the increase of prices in this case also more than making good the deficiency in quantity. The marketing of the grain in the colony at a higher price can be generally regarded, if not with complete approval, at least with some measure of satisfaction, because the advance comes at a time when a natural stimulus to wheat-growing is attended with special advantage to the colony by finding work for the unemployed. The increase of the import trade by 22 per cent. is an evidence of confidence in the future of the colony on the part of the British public as well as of our own merchants. The distrust which contributed to the shrinkages of some past years is passing away. Although the competition of traders is probably keener than ever it was, it is satisfactory to notice the indications of a sounder business presented by a diminution in the amount of insolvencies, which were smaller in 1896 than for many previous years. Doubtless the altered conditions have lessened business ex- travagances, and made possible what was found to be necessary to the re- establishment of trade on a safer basis. A more than usually gratifying feature of the year was the large increase in the distributing trade. The removal of the import duties in January and July and the reduction in the pilotage charges have given our merchants greater ad- vantages than they have had for many years in the control of Australasian com- merce. In the cases of apparel and drapery, galvanised iron, hardware, machinery, oilmen's stores, books and stationery, flour and produce, there was an increase in the export of £507,000, or 65 per cent. And this necessarily adds to employment at the ports of the colony, and cheapens the prices of com- modities to its people, thus enabling them to compete favourably in general production and manufactures. The increase in the deposits in the Savings Banks furnishes gratifying evidence of progress, while the reports of a larger business done by the life insurance com- panies also point in the same direction. There is no feature of the commercial review of the year, unless it be the stagnation in the real estate market, which can be said to be unfavourable. And the reduction in the amount of trans- actions in land and property concerns a class if business which is subject to special influences affecting individuals rather than the colony. And those on whose hands real estate has been thrown as the result of the crisis, now report inquiries which at no distant date will probably cause a movement in accord with what is seen in every other direction. All things considered, the year 1896 was a better year industrially and commercially than any of the five which preceded it, and there is fair reason to believe that it will be succeeded by a still more prosperous one. THE PRIVY COUNCIL JUDGESHIP.—In reference to the telegrams from Melbourne in yesterday's issue stating that Mr. Chief Justice Way, of South Australia, had been nominated by South Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania, New Zealand, and Victoria as the Australian represen- tative on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, and that he would therefore probably be appointed by the Imperial Government to that position, it appears that the Privy Council Amendment Act, 58 and 59 Vic., cap. 44, provides that only five colonial Judges can be put on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council at any one time. As the Canadian, South African, and other colonies have to be considered as well as Australia, there cannot very well be more than one representa- tive from this part of the world. The Act pro- vides that any Judge of a Supreme or Superior Court of the colonies who may be appointed a member of the Privy Council shall be a member of the Judicial Committee of that body. It is understood that the New South Wales Govern- ment nominated Sir William Windeyer as the Aus- tralian representative. THE FACTORIES ACT.—With the new year the Factories Act comes into force, but not into opera- tion. Before it can be applied in any district such district must be proclaimed in the Government Gazette. It is intended to first proclaim the city and suburbs of Sydney ; but it will probably be well past the middle of January before the arrange- ments will be so far matured as to permit of this being done. For some time past various struc- tural alterations have been in progress at the offices of the Department of Education with the object of providing a suite of rooms for the officials of the Department of Industry and Labour who will be charged with the work of administering the new Act. Four rooms have been altered, painted, and suitably fitted up for this purpose, and an entrance for the public is being made at the back of the Education Depart- ment, facing the Hotel Metropole. A large placard giving a summary of the duties of shopkeepers, bakers, and manufacturers, under the Factories Act has been prepared, and will shortly be posted at police stations, post-offices, railway stations, and other public places for the convenience of those concerned. The work of registering trades unions and of administering the Apprentices Act is to be shortly transferred to the Department of Labour and Industry. CONTROL OF THE REFORMATORIES.—Hitherto several of the reformatories have been under the control of the Colonial Secretary, while others, like the Sobraon, have come under the Depart- ment of Education. As the matter is essentially one of education, arrangements have been made for all the Government institutions of the kind to be placed under the control of the Minister for Education. In company with the Under- Secretary, Mr. Maynard, Mr. Garrard on Tuesday paid a visit to the Shaftesbury Reformatory for Girls and afterwards went to the Industrial School for Girls at Parramatta, which latter has always been under the Department of Education. Yes- terday morning the Minister visited the Carpen- tarian Reformatory for Boys at Brush Farm. Mr. Garrard says he finds the whole of the refor- matory work will require rearrangement in the interests of economy and efficiency, and possibly legislation will be needed for this purpose. THE BUBONIC PLAGUE.—We have been re- quested by the Postal Department to intimate that, in reply to inquiry made by that department, a communication has been received from the Board of Health to the effect that it is considered no action need be taken at present to disinfect mails from India owing to the presence of the Bubonic plague in that country. TRAM TIME-TABLE ALTERATIONS.—Some altera- tions are being made in the tram time-tables, and these are to come into force on the 2nd January. The alterations in the week-day services are as follows :—On the Glebe Point line an improved service at intervals of 12 minutes will be given, trams leaving Bent-street at 9, 21, 33, 45, and 57 minutes past the hour, and Glebe Point at 1, 13, 25, 37, and 49 minutes past the hour. On the Leichhardt line there are some slight alterations, with additional trips in the afternoon. There will be a 10 minutes service from Bent-street to Leichhardt between 5.5 and 6.5 p.m. An im- proved service will also be given on the Marrick- ville line. Trams will leave Bent-street at 13, 23, 43 and 53 minutes past the hour, and Marrickville at 5, 13, 35, and 43 minutes past the hour. On the Enmore line there will be slight alterations, with additional trips, trams leaving Bent-street at 1, 13, 23, 31, 43, and 53 minutes past the hour, and Enmore at 4, 14, 22, 34, 44, and 52 minutes past the hour. On the Abbotsford line, the 5.30 p.m. tram from Bent-street to Abbots- ford will start at 5.25 p.m. There are also slight alterations in the afternoon service. Slight alterations are likewise to come into force on the St. Peters line, in order to make suitable connec- tions with the main line trams. On Sundays, on the Coogee line, a new tram, for the convenience of bathers, leaves Bent-street at 6.50 a.m., re- turning at 8.15 a.m. Also on the Bondi Beach line a new tram for the convenience of bathers leaves Bent-street at 6.45 a.m., returning at 8.6 a.m., on Sundays. THE SAN FRANCISCO MAIL STEAMER.—A wire from Auckland yesterday announces the arrival there of the Alameda, from San Francisco. The steamer arrived there at 4 a.m., and would leave the same evening for Sydney. She is expected to arrive here on Monday. Her pas- senger list contains about 40 names for this port, and includes several representative commercial men, who are associated with some of the large houses in the States. Agricultural machinery is perhaps the most prominent in evidence from a mercantile point of view, but there are two important bicycle firms who have sent their agents to establish business in the colonies, and there are some representatives of mining firms who are in- terested in Western Australia. TRAFFIC TO WESTERN AUSTRALIA.—Besides the saloon passengers there were 125 in the steerage of the steamer Innamincka, which yesterday left here for Western Australia. Sixteen are miners from New Zealand, seven from Queensland, and the rest from this colony. EXPORT OF FROZEN MEAT.—The Aberdeen line steamer Australasian was yesterday cleared at the Customs by Messrs. Dalgety and Co., for London. Besides other good lines of cargo there are nearly 130,000 carcases of frozen mutton on board. CLEARANCE OF A WOOL SAILING SHIP.—Though the days of the sailer in the oversea traffic have been said to be numbered, still some of the old clippers seem to find employment. Yesterday one of these—the ship Tamar—was cleared by Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. with 7500 bales of wool, a wool contribution that some of the steamers might envy. THE RECENT HARBOUR COLLISION.—Messrs. Dan Sheehy and Sons were yesterday busy get- ting out the cargo of the sunken steamer Merks- worth. The weather has so far proved fair for salvage operations. The lifting of the boat seems to be well assured. ACCIDENT TO A RIVER STEAMER.—Messrs. E. Rich and Co. write :—" We are just advised that the steamet Ariel, while on her voyage with a cargo of wool from Wilcannia to Wentworth snagged and sank at a point 20 miles above Wentworth, on the Darling River, and that a considerable quantity of her cargo is damaged." RETURN OF CRICKETERS.—The New South Wales contingent of the Australian Eleven (with the exception of Kelly), together with the other members of the N.S.W. team, returned yesterday by express train from Melbourne. ARRIVAL OF COMMANDANT BOOTH.—By the ex- press from Melbourne yesterday Commandant Booth, of the Salvation Army, accompanied by Colonol Kilbey, arrived in Sydney. Last night he met his officers in council in the Temperance Hall. MR. G. H. MOXHAM.—An interesting event took place at the office of the Pastoral Finance Associa- tion on 24th December, when Mr. G. H. Mox- ham was the recipient of a testimonial in the shape of an escritoire and a tantalus spirit case, presented to him by his late fellow officers on the occasion of his severing his connection with the firm. Mr. Boyd made the presentation, and in a few remarks referred to Mr. Moxham as a most efficient officer, and expressed the hope that every success would attend him in his new undertaking. Mr. Moxham in a few words sincerely thanked his late fellow officers for their kind expressions of friendship and esteem. ACCOMMODATION FOR VISITORS TO PRINCE ALFRED HOSPITAL.—At present visitors to the Prince Alfred Hospital have no waiting shed or room provided for their accommodation, so that they have to stand in the street exposed to all weathers. The Camperdown Council has many times called attention to the need of such accommodation, and pointed out the inconvenience and suffering visitors have to submit to from its absence. At the meeting of that council on Tuesday Aldermen Sparkes, J.P., again brought the matter under notice. He said that during the great heat of the past few days many persons, wanting to see friends and relatives in the hos- pital were to be seen in the streets, exposed to the fierce rays of the sun, amongst them being women with children in their arms. There was, he said, plenty of space inside the hospital grounds where a waiting shed could be erected, and it would cost very little. LAND SALE IN SYDNEY 70 YEARS AGO.—An old resident writes : " The following is a copy of an advertisement in the Australian newspaper of the 4th of July, 1827 :—' 95 acres of land in that delightful and most healthy situation " the Surrey Hills," affording to gentlemen a most excellent opportunity of building re- sidences and reside within a short distance of Sydney. The land will be divided into lots of five and ten acres to suit the views of purchasers. Terms of payment in sterling money, one-fourth in cash, and the residue in approved bills at 3, 6, and 9 months. Further particulars to be had on application to Mr. Bodenham, estate and land agent, George-street, Sydney. Purchasers to pay their own conveyances. ' Memo.—The above land now comprises Oxford, Brisbane, Crown, Riley, Bourke, Albion, and other streets. " ANNUAL RETURN OF INQUESTS.—The annual return from the City Coroner's department is as follows :—Number of accidental deaths : Males, 112 ; females, 25. Suicides : Males, 32 ; females, 7\. Of these, 15 deaths were brought about by the use of firearms, 14 resulted from poison- ing, 4 from hanging, 2 from drowning, whilst in the case of the remaining 5 a razor was instrumental in bringing about the de- sired end. Open verdicts were returned in the case of 39 males and 3 females. Deaths in these cases were caused as follows :—Drowning, 21 ; burns, 2 ; cerebral hemorrhage, 1 ; asphyxia, 1 ; poisoning, 3 ; suffocation, 1 ; shooting, 1 ; and 5 from other causes. Six deaths occurred in gaol, and these, with eight others, resulted from natural causes. There was one execution in gaol. Two persons died under the influence of anaethesics. Verdicts of manslaughter were returned in seven cases, and a similar number of verdicts of murder were recorded. During the year 251 inquests (in- cluding inquiries) had been held, and similar functions had been dispensed with in 333 cases. SERIOUS RESULT OF A DIVE.—Alfred Thomp- son, 22, dived into the baths at Figtree yester- day and struck his head on a rock, with the re- sult that he received a lacerated would on the scalp and both his legs became paralysed. He was removed to the Sydney Hospital in a state of collapse by Constable Fleming and admitted for treatment. A party of gentlemen met on Tuesday evening at Baumann's Cafe, when a farewell dinner was given to Mr. Phillip Lazarus (of the firm of Messrs. Lazarus, Rosenfeld, and Co.), prior to his departure for Europe. Dr. William Edward Varren pre- sided, and among those present were Messrs. E. Herbert Crossman, John Allan, J. Lau, C. T. Starkey, C. H. Starkey, L. Barnett, J. Barrington, J. B. Brown, and A. Nathan. The recent heat wave did considerable damage to the tree and vine crops in the Parramatta district. In some of the vineyards nearly all the grapes have been ruined. The choristers of St. John's Church of England, Ashfield, were treated to a picnic by the organist and choirmaster (Mr. Albeit Fisher, at National Park, on Wednesday. The congregation of St. Vincent's Catholic Church, Ashfield, held its annual picnic and concert at the Rosehill Racecourse on Boxing Day. About 2000 persons attended. Messrs. Angus and Robertson are publishers of a little pamphlet, in which Miss Georgina King re- prints from the Herald a number of her able scien- tific papers, with the title of " Mineral Wealth of New South Wales." Several prominent residents of Waverley have arranged for a concert in aid of the sufferers in the late Stockton disaster. Messrs. Angus and Robertson, of Castlereagh- street, who hold the position of booksellers to the University, have also been appointed publishers to that institution, and will in future issue the Univer- sity Calendar. George Henry, 15, had a finger so badly crushed by a saw at Heaton's Sawmills yesterday that Drs. Clarke and Kyngdon, of the North Sydney Hospital, found it necessary to amputate the injured member. The Christmas festivities at the Church Rescue Home, Paddington, have been numerous and varied. On the 18th December Mrs. C. Smith, Miss Wyatt, and others gave a musical entertainment, followed by a surprise supper, when each member received an apron and Christmas card. On the 24th Mrs. Backhouse, Miss Hills, and a large party of young people from Darlinghurst sang carols and gave reci- tations. They supplied each inmate with cards, and also with programmes printed by His Honor Judge Backhouse. On Christinas Day the large dining- room was tastefully decorated. Service was held by the Rev. H. M. Trickett at 10 a.m., and at 1 p.m. the household sat down to a table laded with good things. Mr. W. E. Smith sends his neat ABC diary and time-table for January, bound up with which is a coupon for £100 for death by accident. A proclamation in the Gazette is to the effect that the Australasian Federation Enabling Act, 1895, is to come into operation on the 4th of January. The " Housewife's Cookery Book of Economic Recipes " contains recipes sent from all parts of Australia in the recent granuma competition, and chosen by judges appointed by Messrs. James Inglis and Co. On Wednesday evening the Primate held a con- firmation in St. Peter's Church, Watson's Bay. Thirteen candidates (seven male and six female) were presented. In our business columns it is announced that the establishment of Messrs. Quong Tart and Co. will be open as usual to-day. 