BAIRNSDALE PETTY SESSIONS. FRuDAY, GTHi AuaUST. (Refore Messrs F. W. Drevermann and T. Lloyd, J.P.) DENT. W. E. Armstrong v. John Day, claim for £7 3s 4d, goods sold and delivered. No appearance for defendant. Order for amount, with 2s Gd costs. OHAROE OF INDECENT ASSAULT. Rose Evans v. James Fogarty, clarge of indecent assault at Bullulnwaol on the 15th July. Inspector Mahony prosecuted, Mr Kirkpatrick defended. On the application of Mr Mahony, the court was cleared, Rose Evans deposed that she was the wife of Richard Evans, and resided with him at Bullumwaal. Knew accused about three months. Saw him at 11.30 on the morning of thle 15th July, when he came to her door, her husband being then absent at Bairnsdale, and asked her if she would have a drop of beer. Asked him if ie had it in hias house, and he said no, but Ihe would get one of the children to go for it. Asked her then what she was going to do in the afternoon, and site replied, " nothing." Then lie wanted to know if she would go up to the claim, and site said "very well," wishing to get rid of him, but having no intention of going. He then went away, but came back again at 1 o'clock, bringing a cup of beer to the door. He handed her the cup, which she took inside. He was waiting for the cup, and she said she would give it to him by-and-by. He then left. Site poured out the beer into one of her own small cups and the remains into the fire. Then she went outside to get some wood, and saw the accused going over to Mrs Hand ley's. Was picking up.some wood when she saw him coming out of Mrs Hand ley's, and he went into her place and took his cup, and went into his house, which was only a few feet from her house. Site went in and drank the beer that was in her cup, and then he came back once more and asked her when she was going over to the claim, and site said as soon as she had had her lunch. Saw him again about a quarter to 5, when he knocked ohf work. She had been up the town, and got Gd' worth of beer, and site gave him? what remained of it after site had a cupful herself. After dark, at about 7.30, she met him on the road by accident. He told her to take off her white apron, that she looked like a ghost in it, and site did so, and walked with him so 30 or 40 yards to the old road, and when three os four yards into the timber he left her and returned with a bottle of beer and a cup, and she drank a cup and a half and Iht drank the rest, He put his arm round her neck and said, "Give me a kiss," and she said, "Take your hands off me-I don't want your kisses." Then he com. mitted the offence of which she com plained. During the time Fogarty had hold of her-over five minutes-she did not cry out, She was too much exhausted by struggling against him. That night she informed her husband of what had happened. Mr Kirkpatrick : Why the man should be indicted for rape if all that is true. Mr Mahony: It was a rape. Cross- examined : Had drank beer with the accused, in company, three or four times. Had never been drunk nor beent told by her husband that he would never be satisfied till Fogarty was put away. Had not agreed to go with accused to Melbourne to the jubilee, or on her sister's birthday. Had never been employed at the Victoria Hall in Frank Clark's com pany. Her husband had assaulted her for taking beer with Fogarty, but it was not from him but a man named Griffiths she had it. Are you in the habit of smoking 1 Sometimes. I have smoked cigarettes. Where did you get the cigarettes ?-I bought them at a store and brought them home. Richard Evans deposed that he was married to the last witness about 18 months. On the day mentioned, when he came home from Bairnsdale, his wife weas standing at the door with her hair dis arranged and her clothes torn. She said, " I hate that Fogarty next door; he took me off the road to get a drop of beer, and then assaulted me," and she then gave an account of what happened. Did not tell his wife that he would not rest until he got Fogarty away, and did not tell Fogarty that five years would do him good. Had struck his wife on one occasion, and only once. Never had words with her about receiving letters from a bookmaker in MIelbourne. Had never seen his wife drunk, but had seen her just a bit affected. His wife was not in the habit of using bad language. She might say " you b- ," or d- it," or something like that. But doesn't use bad language ?-Only something like that. Have you been in gaol?-Yes; six years ago, for taking a bundle of straw to make a bed for myself. Did she tell you why she went with Fogarty into the bush after dark ?-She said he had never said anything out of the way before, and that he persuaded her. Frank Thompson deposed that he was a miner at Bullumwaal, mates with ac cused, and resided with him. At eight o'clock on the evening of the occurrence, when Fogarty came home, he was sober. On tithe morning after the police were at Iullumwal Fogarty told Evans that Ihe had been intimate with his wife for months, and that he might make what he liked of it. Cross- examined by Mr Kirkpatrick: Had seen her have some beer on several occasions, but never drunk Heard Evans and his wife have a row about receiving letters from a matn, whom Evans said was her fancy man, and who site said was a better man than he was. Saw Fogarty and her .drinking beer together on" several occasions and had known them to be in thie huts together by themselves. On one occasion Fogarty told him he had an appointment with her and was going to meet her down the road. Mr Mahony . Did you always find her a respectable woman ?-Yes, and always treated her as such. Cuthbert C. Griffiths, miner, Bullum waal, said that Fogarty told him he and Mrs Evans went Into the bush ilt and had a bottle of beer together, and lie led him to suppose that there had been immoral intercourse between them. Cross-examined: Had seen MIrs Evans once under the ilfluence of drink, but not drunk. Constable IyItal deposed thalt on the 18th July lie met acrused, ho Onaked thll sergeant, who twas with illac, ilt, hid re colved a letter, and being told no, said lhe had met Mrsa Ivials, took her for i walk, sat down i iln ? li L and drani k t libottle of beer, anid that hie could guess the relst The sergeant then went away and Fogarty told witness he had been intimate with her for four months past. Subsequently he visited thie scene of the occurrence, with Mrs Evans, but did not see any sign of a struggle. That spot was 560 yards from Griffiths's house, near where site and Fogarty met, MIr Kirkpatrick asked that the case should be dismissed. The bench considered there was a case for a jury. Mr Kirkpatrick said that being so he would call the defendant. Mlr Drevermann said that was the first time in his experience this had occurred. James Fogarty, accused, deposed that lie was in the habit of visiting Mrs Evans when her husband was away. Could not say howa often they had drank beer to gether. It was out of counting. Mlr Kirkpatrick : Twenty times P Yes. A hundred times-twenty times in a day. Fogarty went on to say that on the evening of the 14th she said, " Dick is going to Bairnsdale to- morrow, and I'll come up to the claim." He met her and walked with her into the bush, and they were at the log together very nearly an hour. There was nothing in tile nature of a struggle. She had a pinafore on wlhen they were walking to the place, and she said, " I suppose I had better take this off," and as he thought It was rather glaring site did so. He Ioad seen her drunk, sick drunk, and picked her off the floor and put ler on the bed. To Mr Mahony : Had been on good terms with Evans up to two months ago. Had not seduced his wife, who had been a consenting party. Knew Evans was away that day, and went so far to get the bottle of beer. Accused was sent for trial at the Supreme Court sittings in Bairnsdale on the 15th September, bail in defendant's own surety for £100, and one of £100, or two of £50 each, being accepted. A charge against Fogarty by Evans of using insulting words in a public thorough. fare on the 17th July was withdrawn. 