NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN : 1807. lluppy Now Year! . Century bearing Its end. Who will we It quite out?- ( This. una been a very close holiday, ost'.ruthnj 'Rliops,' tvill " be open to- \- -morrow, : . . ' Critnliiai, stock veiy lively this week,' partleulnriy Iti Ihu fiousehmiklug Urn. Our review of the year lbdli.oponcd vos- tcrriiiy,is completed this evening ou Pngu . U.. . . New Yenrk uumher. of "The Weekly rimes. . Interesting issue, illustrated (Jaleudur. . ;«, "-To-morrow, will finish the holidays Tor . majority './off- -'business peopio; We can't nil'builawyor&v; , , \ v,a;he ;Vicei'oyV .Cup : (India) for ISiMi won by Qulvoi'i an Austrullun luiportti- tlou.: bo says a private cable. . . ; /J-ho.jDeehunnits have lost hestvlly In Vthpir iweut fighting agulust the British. Xo fewcr tliiiu 200 of the chief Galls- . liwe's uien have beeu killed. . The yotutg gentleman who plays the 'concertina on tiie tailboard was :i jiersist- eht, nttraetlvo and lnsplrltlug feature of the furplture van plcirie parties to-da.v. Soloai£;,iri from Wagner, we think they ustml;<>\wei'e. Not the least Jolly of picnics arc: those par furniture van, and it is wonderful : how much these rooiuy vehicles were lu evidence to-day. More wonderful still how so many Inughhig lads and hisses managed to pack themselves awuy iii tho available space. Melted butter ovrttbotled fish is right enough, but a fishy flavor in butter intended to be served solid. Is not ap preciated In London. With .such a tlavor somo of the Australian butter at present In the world's groat market ls invested. Somebody's fault, surely ! ' 'Hie sixtieth anniversary of the i Queen's accession will occur on Suuday, i . l!Uth June, und tho Statu Thanksgiving j Service, which Is to be attended by Ilcr Majesty, the Royal Family, auil the- Court, as lu 1887, will be held on Tues day, 22nd. either in St. Raul's Catehdml or In Westminster Abbey. I Dlsbiuided marines to the number of 17C0, gather around tlienrsoual ut Con- shmtlubplo and make things disagree- able for no better reason Uiau that tliey havu't received their pay. In the name , of the prophet, figs ! Somebody nppenw to have jood out and distributed a few piastres, wborouimn the marines ad journed tljl'h- claiur and gave them selves up fo tlie abandonment of a real square meal. How these poor wretches live la a bit of a puzsle. The Impurlai I'avliament will be opou- eu by eommlsslon on either Tuesday, lfith January, or .on Thursday, 21st, ae- cording to present arrangements. There f is net the slightest chiattco of the Queen lOitcnlng Varllntnent in person (says "Westmlnab'r"). Her Majesty has not been seen at Westminster since the first day of tho Honwitloiuil Session of 1880, i and it would he impossible for lier lo open Parliament again unlftss a variety .of speelaLnrraugeinonU w<#e made for I : her accommodation, ineludfjii ft lift. ; \ | Madrid papers deitiaud that tho Minister of War should take charge of the Cuban-expedition. Issues promptly confiscated. That is the way to deal with disagreeable newspapers. The ' recall of General Weyler, who commands In Culm, demanded by some of the Madrid newspapers. CamiK>s was said to be too lenient; Weyler is un derstood to be a heartless brute. Neith er- has proved equal to the task of suih pressing tho Cuban rebellion, and tho failure Is one of the military wonders of the day.- Baroness lllrccli has promised LSD, 000 to found a pension fund for officials of the Oriental railways The benefits are to be reaped exclusively by officials who have been In tho sendee before 1590, when the late Baron Ilirsch ceased to be connected with these railways. The 'annual championship meeting of the League-, bf Vlelorian Wheelmen will bo bold on the M.C.C. ground on Saturday, 10th Inst., and Saturday, 23nJ, iiLstv -r- -Tlie -pHzen'- 'oiTered1 auiuufit to- The princliNil events will be the : one, ten, and twenty-llvo mllu clmm- plonship, and the very pick of Aus- tmllan uud international riders will ! compete. / I Of the 23 President, of Uie United States only four have been under the age of 50 at their Inauguration : ' Franklin Pierce (49), Ulysses S. Grant (47), James Garfield (49), and Orover Cleveland, who was 48 at his first election. By the Con stitution' of the United States the Presi dent cannot be under 3& years of age. There Is no cltungc lu tiie posltiou so far as tho relations between the marine engineers and the steamship owners are .concerned. The Melbourne District of the Australasluu Institution of Engl- neers, whose headquarters are In Syd ney, is -to-day "standlug by" awaiting Instructions froiii tho executive. None of tho Bay excursion boats ( were Inter fered with. 3n. Syria people never take off their caps or turbans when entering the liouso or visiting a friend, but they always leave their shoes at the door. There, two no mats or scrapers outside, and the . floors Inside are covered with expensive, rugs, which In Moslem houses , arc. kept very clean, anil used to kneel upon while say ing prayers. The' .League of Victorinu Wheelmen announce elsewhere .that lu , couse- qucnco of the accident to Mr Ken. Lewis, this match between- that cyclist and Mr W. Martin, advertised ;to be hchl on the St. Kilda cricket grouud on ! Saturday, the Mtii lust., >111 not 'inke! place; neither will the other ruces fixed for tlie same day come olT.V It is pro bable, however, that , tlie ' ineetiug will lake place about the middle of Fel>- ruary, ...Mr S. A. Andree, the' London corres pondent of tho ''Birmingham Post" hears, is determined to renew next year ids attempt to reach the North Pole by balloon. He will start carllor In the sum- i mer tlmn last.tbne. nnU liehopca to ar range "'that his expedition shall be taken to Spltzbergen . on board a ship of the j "Swedish navy. The "Washington Post" . takes a shrewd view, of tlie European attitude towards the United States. It says that tlie Powers are evidently agreed that the Uulted Stales will have to prove her ublilty to euforee the Mouroe doctrlue. Precisely. That doctrine has been de- : clured by tho United States; but we are 1 not aware that any Power lu Europe, lias accepted It— unless acceptance -be lu- , volvuU in Lord Salisbury's recent nml- cable treatment of Uncle Sam's preteu- 1 slons. 1 I The new Bishop of London has a keen sense of humor. During a confirmation tour In the diocese of Petersborough, Dr' Crelghton put up one evening In an old j manor house, und slept in u room sup- 1 posed to be haunted. Next/morning at ' breakfast, the bishop was asked whether hc.liad seen the ghost. "Yes." he replied -.with great solemnity, 'but I have laJd the spirit. Tt'Wilt nev%r trouble you again." On bdng further Interrogated as to what he had done, the bishop said, "The ghost Instantly vanished when 1 asked for a subscription towards the res toration of Petersborough Cathedral." The Rye borough authorities have de cided to put a stop to the annoying pac tion of throwing eggs, flour, and soot at elections. Tho Mayor, at a sitting of the police court, intimated that in fu ture offenders in this respect would be proceeded agulnsa FOURTHEDITIOH 5.30 P.M. NEWS AND NOTES ZN A NUTSHELL. T"' (Continued from Page 1). 1 Racing, cricket, cycling all on this af ternoon. » Reports of the principal sports will be found on this page. A dead heat of three In tho Juvenile Stakes at tho Sydney TaUcnraU's to- flay. The pace which Jones got on to-day completely heat IkaIi Bruco atwl Gmliuni In the Inten-oloixial match. : Worrnll was run out very easily, nml could not blame anyone but himself. He completely misjudged a hit by M'Leod. . Bruce and Graham were bowled by Jones Ijcforo u rim was scored for Vic toria. Then tho band struck up, "I . won't play in your yard." The llrst Innings or the Victorians against South Australia opened most in auspicious!). The board ut one time read 2— (J— 0. The dead lw>dy of a man. Identified us one Pfortnur, watchmaker, of Windsor, found to-day In an untenanted house in .Elizabeth street. An Inquest will be held. No announcements by cable to hand &8 yet about New Year's honors. As wo stated yesterday, some Victorian prominent politicians expected to be In cluded. One, at least. Charley Al'Lcod has commenced "big" crk-ket tills season with loads of luck. He had three lives against New South (WnJes, and to-day wns mlHKed in the South Australian match when he had scored 20. Iiany Trott's batting in the New South Wales mutch wan slmplynstomid- Ing by reason of Its utter feebleness ami want of style. To-day the Australian eleven captain shnjss) like himself, ami treated the Hpe<rt»tors to some most finished strokes. 'J'hls tifternoon a seaman on the w.s. lAlgoti Bay, now lying at the South Wharf named Henry Johnson, 24 years of age was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital suffering from concussion, tie slipped ami fell at the corner of Ihiy and Rouse streets, Port Melbourne. Jones, the South Australian fast hotv- ler, put on tcrrltlc pace to-day. Though Jarvls, the wicket-keeper, slood a dozen ynnls back, he received some terrible body lilts, nnd one on the clmsl at ustl /compelled Ids retirement front the Held, V.R.fJ. r<?stilts to-day are aa follow:— ITurdlo Race— (lahvay, 1; Chartreuse, 2; Corimlln, it. SUitidlsh Handicap— Cul- zean, 1;,. Carlton, 2; Tho Don, Steeplechase— Topuge, 1 ; Zanonhi, 2; MntertiHldc, it. Ragol Hatidica)— O'Trlgger, 1; Mischief, 2; De Vere, .'. Criterion Stakes— Norseman, 1; Spltlire, 2; Hilarity, 2. Welter Handicap— Argent, t; Botany Bay, 2; U|whol, ;i., Sydney Tattersnll's results lo-duy.— nnrdlc Ituce— Ycivert/m, I; 0.11., 2; Favour, 2. Utdy Hnmpden Stakes— The Klng.l; Spendthrift, 2; Mncdoiuild, it. Carrlngton Stakes— Precaution,' 1; .VJvlnn, 2; Survivor, 2. Juvenile Stakes — Syeiin, El Norte and Fort Alice, dead heat. Face Welter— Dora, l;'l'artheuo- puMis, 2; The Ouuck, o. Henry Carter, 117 years of , age, -who lives at No. It Ivan street, North Filr. roy, was riding a bicycle In Scotchinoro street. In the uIhjvc sulnirh last night, When lie ran Into a horse standing in the street, and was thrown violently In. the ground. He wuh unable to rise, and waa removed to his home by some bystan ders, whence, after being seen by a local piedicul inatf, he was taken to the Mel bourne Hospital, where It was found that his leg was broken. 