The Circle of the Earth. A NOVEL BY GEORGE KNIGHT. / Author of "Dust in the Balance," "Sapphira of the atage," etc. Boole IV : Death's Tangent, * CHAPTER II. His Quietus Lorsenko's pen was busy for several hours af I tor the Inspector's departure. When he rose .? lt was well on in the afternoon, and he held a handful of letters-a handful so large that he had to employ a scrap of twine as a temporary ; fastening for the faggot of epistles. He put on his hat and v-alked into Nun's Cross to the post. A couple OL' the letters were too bulky for the aperture of Her Majesty's regulation mail-box; he had to lake them inside. The postm.'-'ress looked at them curiously. One was addressed to "The Press Association, l l New Bridge-street, London;" the other bore the superscription "In> spector Shaw, The Nunnery, Nun's Cross. Local." She handed the letter back. "There'd likely be doubts about that, sir," she informed him; "it's 'Sergeant Shaw' we call him about here." "Well, give me another envelope," replied Lor senko, good-humoredly, tearing open the one with the delinquent address. It contained a smaller one tied with a band of red tape. He asked for a pen and touched up the line of writing which was yet damp upon it. "To be opened if anything should happen to my namesake at the hands of Sergius Mirzky." , He smiled over the words with a recollection of the Inspector's visit as he put the package into the fresh envelope, addressed, stamped, and handed it back across the counter. "A nice day," he said at random. The postmistress assented. '.'There be those that are rarely glad of it," she added. "Tom Baker was married this morn ing." "It's a nice day to be married on, certainly," he admitted. "Isn't it?" she returned gossipingly. "We have " a rhyme about it, you know, sir Blessed ls the bride the sun shines on, .^Blessed ls tlie dead the rain rains on. He repeated the last line v Blessed ls the dead the rain rains on. "Is it unlucky to be married in the rain?" "It is thought so," said postmistress. .The scientist went to the door and looked up at the sky. "It's a good thing the wedding is over," he ob served; "there'll be rain before I get back, and once come, I doubt if it will stop to-night. Good day." ^Ile stepped into the road and walked off ra 'pidly. The postmistress went to the door. The wind had changed suddenly, and great drops of rain were already spattering the pavement. She hastened to furl the awning of her little shop. When the task was done she looked up the road and noticed that Lorsenko, without overcoat or umbrella, was strolling quietly homewards in the pelting shower. * * * * Halfway towards the House "100" Lorsenko paused abruptly, and, retracing his steps for a hundred yards or more, turned down the footpath that led to the distant cottage of Duncan Leng, the bee-keeper. Vexed by the accumulating ráindrops «upon the lenses of his pince-nez, he put them in his pocket and strode on in the in creasing downpour-a gaunt, determined figure, upright amid the oblique lashes of the storm. -, 'The scent of the firs came wetly towards him, beaten low by the condensing mists that hung about the Nunnery woods, and carried on the freshening south wind, to mingle with the odor ous vapor sent up from the parched earth. It was the very atmosphere of grief-the completest ? abaudon of nature's infectious melancholy. When he came in sight of Duncan Leng'a dwelling, he overtook a woman of the village, .toil.ng towards the same goal beneath a battered umbiella. He passed her with au abstracted glancj,, and, hurrying ou, knocked at the door of the snail, wb'tewashed house. There was no janew.r; he waited a while, and then knocked ' aga xii Receiving no response, he turned to go, ; ard found himself face to face with the woman ¿ue had outstripped a few moments before. ? "Ye*ll be want'n' Duncan, I'm thinkin,'" she i Bald, gravely, He assented. "Ye're ower late," she remarked. The sinister ring of the sentence struck him, and he comprehended. "Is he--" he began, then paused. The ques tion halts on all lips. ... She nodded. "He soughed awa wi' the dawn," she said. "I've been telegraphin' tae his fowlc. My name's Stuart. Maybe ye'd care to hae a sieht o' 'm." "I should indeed," Lorsenko answered her. She unlocked the door, and allowed him to pass in. "Ye knew Duncan?" she asked, in the short fashion of the Scotch. "A little," the naturalist told her, thinking of the last time he had seen the fine old Scot, cf his religious fervor and womanly tenderness, and, most of all, of his strange confidence in the Beyond of the Soul. "Then gin ye'd care to gae up tae 'ra yer lane, ye can," suggested the other, turning to her own affairs, ip though to leave him mere at ease. He. tht^ked her, and went up the narrow stair way. "Yer lane," the woman had said. He re membered the dead man's pathetic use of the word -"She's her lane athoot me as I'm my lane athoot her." Perhaps he was alene no more; perhaps he and a certain "bit lassie" sat for ever by the tiller of an undivided fate, and steered its golden shallcp over a silver sea. De had gone home first, and it was Lorsenko himself who was still alone. He roused from his reverie as he came beside the dead man's couch. There lay the familiar face, with its square, high forehead, its promi nent brows, its long, slightly thin nose. The sensitive lips, almost hidden by the white beard, were parted in an expression of absolute con tent-a content that was one with peace and satis fied desire. Almost the watcher fancied the ghost of a tender laughter lingered about the corners of the mobile mouth-the laughter of a mother who beholds her child, of a lover who looks upon his love, of an old man dwelling on his past. The rain thrashed upon the tiny lattice by the bed, the burden of the wind among the firs came now and again like the sound of a sigh, or like a voice that whispered, Peace . . .peace . . . peace. Lorsenko remembered, as though in a flash of re collection, the promise that those grey lips had made to him-"I maun just say ye are fain to die and be wi' her." A spasm of belief- almost a knowledge-came over the savant. It was true, it must be true! She knew by now that he had not forgotten her, that he was struggling to come to her across the remorseless strait of death. A convulsion of feeling seized upon him, and hot drops stood in his eyes as a sense of his own utter loneliness forced itself upon him. The look of content in the pallid face stung him with a pang as of jealousy. He went downstairs, and bidding the woman "Good day," stepped out again into the storm. * * * * The rain was driving pitilessly against the house "100," and against the glass pavilion in its rear. The shaded lamps were lit in Lorsenko's labora toiy, and a fire blazed in the range built into the far wall. A safe in the corner stood open, and the scientist himself was rapidly sorting its con tents, transferring a large proportion to the roar ing red mouth of the furnace. The remainder he docketed and packed away neatly in a small deed-box. When he had finished, the safe stood absolutely empty. Lorsenko stepped back, and brushed the dust from his hands. Then he went to the desk and wrote a couple of words in a scrawling text-hand upon a large sheet of paper. He came back and snick it with a couple of stamps upon the inside ;r the heavy metal door. Its legend stood out conspicuously "TOO LATE." He surveyed it with a grim smile, and pushing the door to, locked it. Then he poked the mass of papers in the furnace till the last patch of singed white had turned to wavering ash and ceased to glow. The room had become insufferably hot; he went and opened the window. The air of the great forcing- house was cool, the night sky showed its dim infinity through the arching roof, on which the rain pattered noisily like the foot steps of a Liliputian army. He left thc sash up, and goin^ across to the desk tonk out. a revolver and examined it. It was loaded in a couple of barrels. He withdrew the cartridges, put them back in the drawer, and laid the weapon by his blotting- pad. "It is devoutly to be hoped, mon ami Mirzky," he remarked amicably to the solitude, "that you are a good- shot. If such should be the case I assure you the result of our little duel will be infinitely more satisfactory to me than to you." He took his keys out of his pocket, and re garded them thoughtfully. "It would bo a pity to give le eher Mirzky any trouble with the safe," he said reflectively. "He might be disturbed before he had got into the in terior, in which event he would not appreciate the irony of the situation. No; it is obvious that Sergius must have a stroke of luck." He went over to the heavy metal coffer in the corner, and put the key into the lock; leaving the others of the bunch hanging from the ring. After con tem plating this arrangement sardoni cally for a few seconds, he i/\t down and began to write. 'Soon he stopped, and, tearing up the purposeless scribble, began to play with the empty revolver. The open window focussed the sound of the raindrops into the laboratory, making it a species of whispering gallery Lorsenko sat and listened, toying with the re volver. $ -v % # All the next day it rained as though the flood gates of heaven had opened. Lorsenko, unable to go out, worked quietly at his instruments, noting, drawing, photographing -keeping all the intricate records of a bacterio logical laboratory with care ind precision. When the dusk began to draw in he resumed his lounging position at the desk. Hour after hour toiled by with slow, reluctant feet. At last the morning came. * * * * Still it rained ceaselessly. The birds in the Nunnery woods sat miserably on many a satu rated tvig, and the Dingle Pool overflowed, blot ting out in swirls of muddy water the patch of dainty greensward where Lorsenko had kept ren dezvous with the sky-brown hares. Bût in the glass-house the phaethorninae flashed from bush to bush through the atmosphere of the South, and the decrepit doe that the savant had translated to the tropics slept peacefully upon the grav of the beloved. The third night had long fallen when Lorsenko finished a series of experiments which he had set himself with the dawn. Putting away his delicate apparatus, he sat down in his swivél chair, took up the unloaded revolver, and fell io trifling with its impotent trigger. The whole place seemed alive with the concentrated clatter of the rain. A regiment of volunteers was en camped for its summer manoeuvres in a meadow far down the Nun's-road, and at last there came up on the wind the brazen concerto of the bugles sounding the "Lights Out." Lorsenko stirred, and began, almost inaudibly, to hum a sombre air. Under the walls of Monterey By daybreak the bugles began to play, Victor Galbraith, Tn the midst of the morning damn and grey. He stopped abruptly, and the silence grew tense against the background of the clamorous rain drops. There was a footstep on the staircase of the house "100." Lorsenko lifted the empty pistol, and looked at the door. The handle turned noise lessly, and the narrow flange opened wide. On the threshold stood a shadowy figure, tall, fierce, black-bearded, dripping from the deluge without. Its left hand grasped the knob by which it had gained admittance, its right hung at its side. And in the fingers thereof was something that gave back a dull scintillation to the laboratory lamps. Lorsenko smiled-a flicker of grave contentment -aîïcTdrew the trigger of his useless weapon. The hammer fell with a sharp tap ol' warning. The intruder's arm sprang to the level, there was a faint explosion, as of liberated air, and the light if the savant's life went out. in a blood-red chaos that became thick darkness. 