CHAPTER XXXI. The dining-room was brightly lit, and the table laid out in quite a festive manner, with glass and silver, and ilowers. It was the first time I had had a meal downstairs since my arrival at Knockmiuoss. The doctor and his wife were seated, one at the head and the other at the foot of the oval table. I'laces were laid for Nell and myself opposite each other. Mrs. Langrislie wove the same aivy, filmy tea gown, pink silk and laee com mingled, and her hair was curled and waved, and then twisted up in an elaborate coil on the top of her head. Her face had still tho same feverish flush, and her thin, haggard cheeks looked thinner by contrast with it. She smiled graciously as wo entered. ' Dear Miss tlray,' she said. 'Don't accuse iuc of taking liberties with my self, 1 really feel quite well, and my husband gave me permission to come downstairs. Now, let us all have supper together, and try to forget this horrible time. T, for my part, am only too thankful to do so.' ' And I,' said her husband, ' only too thankful to welcome my wife back to her old place. This 1ms been a time of purgatory to me.' I seated myself in silence, and Nell inade some jesting remark as if to cover spy reticence. The doctor began to ctu've the pair of fowls hefore him. The table was spread with cold tongue, roast beef, salad, fruit, and cakes. Mrs. Laugrishe took some chicken, but Nell and X would not touch anything our arch-enemy served. The beef was before me, and, at his request, I carved it. There were two or three sorts of wine —claret, sherry, and hock—but not content with that he insisted on opening champagne, and gave Mrs. Laugrishe a glass of it. I thought it an unwise pro ceeding, but as any interference was prohibited, I said nothing. Nell and I refused to touch any wine, and took water. The champagne seemed to have an exhilarating effect upon the doctor's spirits. He became talkative, uoisy— almost boisterous. He questioned roe about my journey to Mellary, made coarse jokes about tlie monks, and com plimented bis wife on her choice of a place for change of air. He spoke of certain alterations to be made in the house during her absence, and even declared she roust hunt agaiu that 1 winter. She had played the invalid too long. Then lie took more champagne and drank her health, as he said, and bewildered and intoxicated the poor creature with his glances and compli ments and tender speeches. He seemed to take u malicious pleasure in airing his affection for her, and calling out a display of her adoring worship of him self. It made Nell and myself most uncomfortable, but wc could not leave the table till she did so, and she seemed inclined to sit on all night, haskiug in the sunshine of her hypocritical hus band's love-making. At last be rang the bell and ordered in coffee. I was a little surprised, but the servant brought iu a tray of cups, and, at his desire, put it on a table near the window. He rose, and Mrs. Langrishe followed him. The window was wide open, as usual, and the garden and lawn were flooded with moonlight. He turned to me, as I also came towards the table. ' Would you kindly put out the lamp, Miss Gray,' he said. ' The one on the table. The other gives enough light, and it is a pity to spoil the romance of such a scene by the vulgar glare of an illumination.' I immediately went back to tlie table and touched the extinguisher. It was stiff, and did not work* well. I may have been a moment dr two before I managed it. Nell was standing by her chair watching me. AVe heard him say, ' Sit down, my angel, and rest. I will wait upon you.' AYe exchanged looks expressive of our feelings. I lifted the lump and carried it over to the sideboard. At the same moment the servant entered and commenced to clear away the supper things. Dr. lang rishe addressed me from the window. ' You will take some coffee, Miss Gray, won't von—and Miss Nugent, too ?' Nell and I loved coffee. AYo accepted the offer and went over to the window. He handed us each a cup, asked if we took it an hit or black, and took a cup himself, with a liqueur of cognac in it. All the time he talked incessantly. Nell was standing half in, half out of the window, her cup in her hand. She seemed to be gazing out at the belt of woods amltbcgleam of moonlit sea. I was neav hev. I had begun to drink the coffee, and finished it quickly. It was not as good as I had hoped, hut it was better than the hospital stuff. Nell had, 1 think, only sipped a small portion of hers. 1 do not know what made m uoticc that she had a white cud—mine had a pattern on it. I glanced at Mrs. Langrishe's to see if her's was the same. It was a pink one, with a gold border at the top. It struck me as odd that, where all the appointments were so excellent, there should have been such an unmatched service sent in with coffee, but . it was no concern of mine, and the' thought was dismissed almost as soon as I entertained it. It was pro bably the servant's fault. My eyes turned again to the lovely view. It seemed less distinct than it had been. A sort of haze seemed creeping between the wood and the sea, and yet the inoou was bright as ever. ' Nell—' I said, suddenly. J£y voice was drowned in a cry from her. I saw her start, and the cup fell from her hand, and lay in a hundred fragments at her feet. ' Debbie,' she cried, ' look at that woman,look! Oh! what au awful face!' I was through the window and beside her in a moment. She was trembling violently. I saw a figure standing opposite the house in full view of the windows. A shawl was drawn about its head. The face looked straight at us, and the full moon revealed it with startling distinctness. I knew it in a moment. The same woman, the same face I had seeu at the foot of Dead Woman's Hill. At Nell's exclamation, at my movements, James Laugrishe had also come forward. ' What is it ? What are you staring at ?' he asked. ' Who is there ?' ' Can't you see anyone?' I asked. ' A woman. Look, she is leaning against the iron railings beyond the grass slope.' ' I can see nothing,' he said, angrily. ' What cursed folly is this ?' Mrs. Langrishe had also risen and come forward. ' But there is a woman there, James, dearest,' she said. ' Can't you see her? Look, she is coming forwards. She waves her hand. Oh, Jim! her face. It is no living face. It is a dead woman's face. My God, and she signs to me !' And with a wild, terrified shriek she sank down, insensible, into Nell's out stretched arms. In a moment all was confusion. With a savage oath James Langrishe took his wife's unconscious form from Nell's weak support, and laid her on the leather couch. I dashed water over her face, and Nell ran upstairs for the smelling- salts. The Irish servant meanwhile kept up a running commentary of ejaculations and remarks, and declared it was * gettin' beyant the beyants, the way things was. An' no dacint crature could slape in peace thim times. An' shure, wasn't it well beknown every where who 'twas that walked, an' hadn't scores of people seen her, an' if 'twas here she was now minded to come, shure, Bridget Lehane wasn't goin' to stay in the place. No, not for double the wages anyone might offer her!' Her master cut her short with an oath. ' What nonsense are you talking woman ?' he exclaimed. ' Get out of the room. I want none of your infernal jabber going on here.' The girl fled. As the door closed I looked at him. ' What she says is true,' I said, in a low voice. ' That was no living woman we saw. I have good reason to know.' 'You? he said, and his livid face gave me a shock, as for a secoud's space I saw written on it the one unmistak able sign of fear. ' I,' was my answer. ' I nursed that woman in the fever ward of the hospital. I saw her die. And yet I have seen her here, twice. The first time was at the foot of Dead Woman's Hill.' His eyes fell. I saw the ghastly colour creep over his very lips till his face looked like a gray mask. Then into it flashed a savage desperation. In that moment, I think some evil deed first drew its birth-breath. In that moment, the soul of James Langrishe defied death or hell to turn it from its purpose. It was some moments before Mrs. I.angrishe regained consciousness. Then sbe opened her eyes, and sat up, and asked the usual foolish questions. I left Nell to answer her. I was myself unnerved and upset, and my head began to ache in a feverish unaccountable way. ' Good heavens!' I cried, in my uiart. ' Am I going to he ill—am 1 going to take the fever 1' I staggered into a chair. The room looted hazy and indistinct. The faces swam before me. I pressed my hands to my head. It was burning hot, then suddenly as the feeling had conle it passed. My brain steadied and my eyes cleared, and I rose. ' If you will excuse me,' I said, 'I will go to bed. I don't feel very well.' I believe .they spoke, but there came a buzzing singing noise in my ears, and I could not hear distinctly. ' I think this must be something like people feel when they are drunk,' I said to myself, and I seemed to hear my own foolish laugh is I said it. Then I was in my room. I was trying to pull off my clothes. I was looking at my box, packed and addressed for departure. I saw the bed turned down—the frilled pillows. I felt hut one longing, one impulse—to lie down and sleep—sleep for ever 1 I remember Fr.v.tL Extracts Added bt Nell. Two weeks—two long, endless, miser able weeks. How can I write all the terrors and sorrows and anxiety they have held for me ? And yet I must. The story cannot be left unfinished. There has been too much said for me to be silent now. There are too great issues at stake for cither omission or negligence on my part. ' Oh, what would I not give for a friend to trust, to rely upon, to take counsel with. I feel so miserably help less and alone. Oh, for a man's strong heart and strong sense to encourage me now! For Dick, strong, self-reliant, clever Dick. But I don't know where he is, and I daren't write to my own people. I daren't breathe a word of the hateful suspicions at work within my soul, and poor Debbie is ill—ill of the same terrible fever. Fortunately, she has had it very mildly, but it has been bad enough. Bad enough, indeed, taken in con junction with all that came with it. And now my pen has the hardest task to fulfil I have ever given it. It is little wonder I shrink from putting down in black and white the truth of all this past year's fears. And yet I must. Mary Langrishe is dead. Dead, and in her grave, poor soul. And the stonemasons are at work over an elaborate marble cross to hex memory, and an inscription composed by a bereaved husband, and adonfcxl by an appropriate text' Do devils laugh at us, I wonder, watching the ape-like tricks we play before high Heaven and our fellow mortals ! How the bold plain fact is written, perhaps I can compose my mind to the task before me. I have to trust to memory, for I have had not a spare moment to make any notes since the night Debbie fell ill. That night, Mrs. Langrishe seemed on the high road to recovery. Hex husband had returned fi-om London, and behaved somewhat rudely to Debbie. Iu fact she took his conduct in the light of a dismissal, aud declared she would leave next day. IVe both were asked downstairs to supper, a fact which rather surprised me. Our meals had been served upstairs iu Mrs. Laugi-ishe's boudoir since her illness had upset the household, follow ing closely on my own. The supper was very festive, as fax- as appearances went—lights, flowers, fruit, wine all set out as of old, aud Mi-s Langrishe in high spirits, aud the doctor compli mentary, and almost lovei-like. Yet 1 felt uueasy, anu so I am sure did Debbie. Mrs. Laugrishe had a fainting fit later on that night, brought on, I fear, by a remark of mine that frightened her aud led to a ghost story from the servant, and to great anger on the part of Dr. Langrishe. I certainly fancied I saw a figure standing at the end or the grass slope,'ami with a very awful face, aud Mrs J.aflgrishe declared site saw it too. The that evening, aud the awful night-li^t''followed it, is a hazy confusion of recurring terrors. Let me tx-y at last to scp.u-ate the tangles, aud unravel the threads, and sec what sort of narrative comes out of i the confusion. CHAPTER XXXII. Mrs. Langriehe had scarcely recovered from her fainting fit when Debhie left the room. She said her head ached, and retired abruptly. I remained be hind with Mrs. Langrishe and her hus band. He chided her for being so foolish and fanciful, and then insisted on her having another glass of cham pagne. It seemed to revive her. She sat up and began to talk—rather oddly, I fancied—and as for Dr. Langrishe, he finished the champagne, and I thought it best to depart. I asked Mrs. Lan grishe if she would require my assist ance, but the doctor interposed. ! i ' I will be your maid to-night, my love,' he said, and not caring to witness any more maudlin tenderness, I retired. I found Debhie in bed and sound asleep. I therefore put the light out of sight, and undressed very quietly, and got in myself. It was a large bed, and stood against the wall. Debbie slept on the inner side, her face turned away from the room, so I did not disturb her. She seemed in a dead sleep, but knowing how worried and anxious she had been of late, I did not wonder at it. I had turned out the lamp before I got into bed. The moouligbt, however, was so bright that everything in the room was distinctly visible. After two or three moments, I began to feel drowsy. I closed my eyes, but a curious siugiug noise began in my ears which I did not like. Then camo an odd sensation, as if I were floating out to sea. The room seemed filling with water—clear, deep, silvery water —and it rose and rose until the bed was lifted up and I in it, and we seemed drifting away in a flood of liquid light. Leaden weights seemed pressing on my eyes. I tried to open them, but could not. My limbs grew chill and heavy, and—I remember no more. It seemed as if hours had passed when I awoke with., a start. I fancied I had heard a strange, suffocating err, and that it was very near. Someone was caliiug, 'Nell, Nell!' I sat up. 'Debbie,' I cried, ' was that you ?' There was no answer. Only the quiet, heavy breathing of the sleeper by my side. The moonlight had faded now. All was dark in the room. In the stillness I could hem* my heart beating loudly, heavily, with the painful throbs of fear. A cold perspiration stood on my brow. I was shaking as with deadly cold. I lay back again, and drew the light covering up to my ears. I felt as if my limbs were weighted—as if I could not move hand or foot. Yet my hearing was painfully acute, and with all my heart in my mouth I listened. Nothing—not asouud or movement— only the faint rustle of leaves from beyond the partially open window, only the softly deepening dusk creeping over the room. I felt my eyes closing. I felt the leaden-weighted drowsiness stealing over my senses. Again I slept. "When I awoke nest it was with a ter rifying consciousness of being called by someone, and was out of the bed and groping my way to the. door before it struck me that I was perhaps the victim of some nightmare. I stood mid-way in the room, swaying to and fro in a dizzy fashion. I grew deadly sick. "When the paroxysm passed, I was bathed from head to foot in a cold sweat. 1 sank down into the nearest chair feeling horribly ill, and trembling as if I had an ague fit. The numbing-liorrible cold set my teeth chattering, and yet I had not strength to grope my way back to bed. Then, in the dead silence that reigued everywhere, 1 suddenly heard a strange sound. It was a sound familiar to me only in the hospital wards, and a sound that of all others I most loathed and disliked. It was the sound of the stomach pump. There was no denying it, no mistak ing it. Ears that have once heard that souud uever forget it. And as I sat there, and caught '.the regular, even suetiou of the horrible machine, I began to ask myself what on earth was tho meaning of it. "Who could possibly require its use? Was anyone ill?. Was it Mary Langrishe? The thought gave rue sudden strength^ 1 started up from the chair and gvopetjr my way to tlic door, ily cold fingers felt (or the handle, found it, turned it. It was lacked. and the key was not there. Iu frantic terror I rattled arid shook the handle. I called aloud. I screamed to Dabbie to wake and help me, but she. never moved. Then my senses fled, and calling out that murder was being done, and I could not get out, I fell heavily across the threshold. Was it all a dream—a ghastly night mare ? For now comes the story of the awakening; and as I live I cannot tell if this night of terror was real, or due to au over-excited brain, and the stimulant of half a cup of coffee. I awoke again, or rather was awakened by a violent knocking at my door. The sun was streaming in. It was broad \- daylight, and I was in bed, though how I got there I cannot imagine or re member. ' Hiss Gray—Hiss Jiugc-nt!' cried a voice—the voice of Dr. Langrishe— ' will one of you get up and come to ray wife ? She is very ill—quick as you can. I've called you half a dozen times.' I sprang out of bed. I never looked at Debbie, or gave a thought to her. Then I remembered the locked door. ' The door is locked on the outside,' I cried. ' I tried to get out in the night and couldn't.' ' Are you sure ?' said the doctor's voice. ' There's no key here !' Hy eyes turned to the keyhole, as I slipped my feet into my slippers. The key was there. More and more bewildered, and feel ing uncertain yet whether I was asleep or dreaming again, I hurried into my dressing-gown, and unlocked the door and rushed off to Mrs. Langrishe's room. As I entered I saw the figure of one of the local doctors standing by the bedside. He turned away as I entered. I saw him lay a stiff white hand down on the lace coverlet. II am very sorry, Langrishe; it is too late,' he said. 'Of course, after what you have told me, the cause is natural enough. . . . I know what a trying time you have had!' I sprang forward, and there, lying . quietly back ou the pillows, the golden sunlight falling on her white face and closed sunken eyes, was the dead form of Mary Langrishe. For a moment I stood paralysed— struck dumb—with the awful sudden ness of her fate. The two doctors were speaking still. I saw James Langrishc's handkerchief raised to his eyes, and heard the sympa thising tones of his colleague. I longed to speak hut fear chained my tongue. Suspicion is not proof. I dared not ray what my own feelings prompted me. It was not the time or the place for that. 'Oh, how was it? How did it happen ?' I cried at last. ' Why was I not called ?' 'I called you till I was tired,'said Dr. Langrishe, turning on me almost fiercely. ' If your habits in the hos pital were anything like those I have witnessed since you have been under my roof, I don't wonder you were dis missed from it 1' I felt my face grow starlet. I tried to speak, but grief, auger, and indigna tion only found one way .of betraying themselves, and verifying his judg ment. I hurst into a flood of tears. ' Ah,' I heard the other doctor say. 'Ho nerve, no stamina. Too young, I should say, and inexperienced. .So many of these lady nurses arc useless when it comes to real hard work. There, there, my dear,' he added, turn ing to me. ' Don't fret about it. Let it be a lesson to you in the future. You don't look very strong or well yourself. Besides, even if you had been with the poor lady you could have done nothing. Failure of the heart's action, accelerated by sudden fright. The weakness had been of long standing, you say. Yes; and then this fever. Oh, quite right, quite ... I will sign the certificate if you wish . . . vou prefer it"? Certainly, certainly. Now about the sad duties—eh ?' ' I will do all that is needful,' I said, Crying my eves. 'Do not send a Stranger.' They said something, hut I was really Beyond attending to mere words then, and all I know is that they went out of t-e fyyu aud left me with the cold, still, inert thing, that only last night had been Marv Langrishe! ... I laid her there, in her. pretty pink draped bed, in one of her lovely lace and muslin gowns, and drew the blinds, and set the room in order. Then I stood there, for long, and looked at her. Oh, if she could. speak. Only one word, only 'Yes' or 'Yo' to the hideous suspicion that lay in luy breast. Her body told me nothing; her fare I told me nothing. It was calm and full of peace, as most dead faces arc. Earely, indeed, do their last moments leave any self-betraying marks behind. I felt bewildered. If it had not been for the presence and assurance of tiie other medical man, I might have blurted out some of my terrible sus picions. But he had been called lie had stated the cause of death, and my lips were perforce sealed. With regard to Dr. Langrishe's state ment that he had called me, and I had not heard him, what could I say ? Mr impressions of the night were a series of nightmare-like horrors—life like visions—and ret baseless, appar ently. I had fancied the door was locked, and all the time the key was on my side of the door, I had fancied I heard her calling me, but her voice could not possibly have travelled from this room to mine, through closed doors and the long corridor beyond. Then suddenly I thought of Debbie. What could ail her ? Sleeping heavily, ioundly through all the night's con fusion? My duties here were orcr. With one last, sorrowful glance at the stirless form, which the chill linen al ready outlined, I hurried back to my own room. Debbie lay exactly as I had left her, only hcv face had a deep purple flush ob it, and her hands and heard were burn - hot. My heart stood still with terror. Was she going to he ill next ? Was she in the grasp of that fever fiend with whom I had lately struggled. I remembered the strange doctor was ■till in the house, and without an in stant's hesitation I flew downstairs. I heard voices in the consulting-room, and I knocked at. the door. Dr. Langrishe opened it. I rushed by him, and laid my hand on the arm of the stranger. ' My friend, Miss Gray, the other nurse, is very ill,' I said. ' Will you eomc and see her? I think she is sicken ing of the fever, too!' He rose at once, and glanced at Dr. Langrishc. ' Go hy all means,' said he, with his cold, evil smile. 'Miss Nugent has no faith in my abilities. I should prefer you to undertake this case.' He sat down again at his table. The other doctor followed' me, and we went up to Debbie's bedroom. He looked at her attentively, felt her pulse, tried to rouse her from that deadly stupor, but in vain. ' When did you notice anything wrong ?' he asked me. I told him how strangely she had slept all night, and how unusual it was for her to do so. He looked more and more puzzled. ' It looks to me,' he said, ' as if this sleep were not natural. She is not in the habit of taking sleeping draughts, is she ' No,' I said. ' She has never done such a thing to my knowledge.' He lifted the lids of her eyes and looked at them, again felt her pulse, and listened to her heavy breathing. Then lie asked a few questions as to her general health and the dates when Mrs. Langrishc and I had taken the fever. ' I am afraid it is that,' he said, at last, 1 but it's impossible to say for certain yet. In two or three days the symptoms will be definite.' Will you come—will you attend her?'I said, impulsively. '.She does not like Dr. I.angrisbe. It would make her worse, I am sure, if she thought ' I stopped abruptly. Dr. Langrishc was standing in the doorway. His face set and white; he did not attempt to come into the room Well, Conolly ?lfe said. ' What is your opinion ?' j ' - ' I can't ram rtoj,' war the guarded answer. ' I -B«S?!y'' it will turn to typhoid.' ' She has been attending my wife and Miss Nugent,' lie raid in a bard, steady oice, ' and, like most of licr profession, taking no precautions with regard toj herself. I thought she looked ill yester day. I am not surprised at this.1 11 suppose/ I interrupted, looting at Dr. Couolly, 1 she cannot be moved. She intended leaving here to-day to return to London.' 'Impossible/ lie said. 'Preposterous. Unless you wish to till her. Yon had better isolate yourself in this quarter of the house, aud if you require^ other assistance I will send it you. You are scarcely well yourself yet/ Dr. Langrishe had gone away as abruptly as he came. His house was being turned into a hospital with a vengeance. 