SERMON FOR SUNDAY. Pentecostal Power. By Rev. W. Smith, of Mackay. I want to raise ono or two preliminary questions. What is the ohurcli ? And wlmt is her mission iu fto world P The answer is this : Tho ehuroh consists of all wlio call Christ Saviour und Lord, who possess His spirit, and who seek to fulfil His mission in the world. Now what is tho mission of the church in tho werid f It is twofold. . She is called to ovangeliso the world, to bring tho world in submission and faith to tho foot of Christ, and to instruct tho world thus won in His laws. This is her work as laid down in fto terms of fto great commission/ "Aluke disciples of all the nations, and teaoh them to observe all fto thingB I have commanded." To turn tho world from its sin, and convert it into tlio kingdom of God : this is tho Buprcine task of the ehuroh, a task of gigantio difficulty and demanding a liighor than human powor. The CnuBoit's Qualification. Now what is the supremo qualification for such a mighty work? "Go yo, make disciples of all the nations, hut tarry first till yo bo olothed with powor from on high. As the Father hath sent Ale, even so send I you. And he breathed on them and saith, Receive ye tho Holy Ghost ; yo sliull receive power after that the Holy Ghost is coma upon you, and yo shall ho My witnoHscs unto the ends of the earth." In mioh words did tho Lord of the ohurcli lay down her mission, und indicate tho powor by which slio was to fulfil it. Pentecost is fto church's qualification. What is Pentecost? It is tho descent of God tho Holy Ghost to take up His abode in the ohurcli, to teach, strengtlion, inspire, and in other ways to fit her for hor mission in the world. Pentecost means tlio ompoweriug of the ohurcli both for work and moral warfare ; it moans the " union of vast spiritual power with feeble human agcnoy ;" it means tho Spirit of Good centring itself in the chnrcb, and antagonising itself, through tlio church, to tho spirit of evil in tho world. Pentecost means tho onriching of Christians individually and collectivoly with tho divino fullnossof the invisible and spiritual Christ, tho con tinuance of' His presence and resources amongst men. Tho distinguishing feature of Pentecost was " thoy were all filled with the Holy Ghost," without exception. " All filled," not only the apostles, hut the rank- and-file of fto ohnrch, men and women alike. Each had his touguo of fire, each his filling of spiritual powor, so that oaeli beenmo a centre from which radiated tho light and holiness of God upon tho surrounding darkness. This is that characteristic feature of Pontccost, whioh the ehuroh, in later ages, lias nearly lost sight of. What are fto signs of Pontocostal power ? HlOIt-TONED SrlUlTUALITY. The descent of tho Spirit raised fto life of tho oliuroli. Sho hecamo in fto truest senso of tho word unworldly. Hor affections woresoton things nbovo ; her ideals were of tlio loftiest and purest kind. Sho then lived in fto clarified regions of high ainiB and holy fellow ships. She renewed her strength uud mounted up with wings us an eaglo. She was a ohurcli with tho world under hor feet. Her life was ono of fervent prayer, hounding praise, and all-conquoriug faith. To tho ehuroh in hor Pentecostal age, the spiritual univoreo was u profound reality, and sho livod iu closest touch with tho upper side of it. She was then in possession of tho powor of an endless fife. Unity of bouI and servico was anothor mark of Pentecostal powor. "Thoy woro of one heart and one soul." Tho ehuroh of the Pentecost was noted for hor consecration and concentration. Sho served Uod, and had 110 fellowship with mammon. Her all was on tho altar, and Iter whole service centred on her mission. Hor whole influence was for Christ. Then was tho church strong in the might of a single spirit and a single aim, and what wonder that the hosts of ovil fled before lior onward march. The Power of Ihbesishble Witness. " Yo shall receive power and yo sliall he my witnesses," wero among fto farewoll words of Christ to His disciples. " With great powor gave the upostlos their witness." Then the ohurcli dealt with faots, not with theories. She had something positive to toll tho world about hor Lord, and slio told it out with " boldness." Testimony, and not argu ment, was tho chief instrument in tho word-of-mouth ministry of fto curly ehuroh. She converted the old world by tho powor of a Spirit-bnokod testimony . Hor tonguo was a tongue of fire, and her Bpcecli burned. Christ was a living, bright reality to the consciousness of fto .oliurch, and sho with lior tonguo of iiro, " mado known to fto sons of men the signs in fallible," and there wero added to fto ehuroh daily thoso that woro hoing suved. Con tagious enthusiusm marked tlio life of the Pentecostal ohurcli. "Thoy wore all filled with the Holy Ghost," and from that hour tho disoiplos became u hand of enthusiasts, so mtiah so that tho very first criticism the world passed on them was, that tlioy were drunk, but thoy were not drunk in the vulgar sense of the term. Thoy wero inspired." God had breathed His owii lifo into them, and raised ! their religion to the high level of an impassioned earnestness. 'The effect of tho baptism was a mighty quiokon-' ing of their whole nature — body, soul, and spirit experienced tlio reviving touoh of God. Thoir religion took fire. Their' joy became exiiltant; their love bedamo a flamo ; their zeal suddenly shot up to boiling point. They heeumo men of notion. Their scuson cf wait ing was past, they had found a, now tongue, and use it tlioy mnst, and use it tboy did. With spirits rapt, inspired, overborne, eaoli took up tho work that lay nearest to hand, and the result was three thousand souls for tho Lord that first Poutecostal day. Thoir religion hecamo a coutugion. It had a mnr- vollous propugativo powor. It leaped' for ward like fire among dry stubble. There is nothing so contagious bb joy, nothing so win some as love, nothing so convinoing ns earnestness. Levo, joy, and zeal always mako enthusiasts, aud enthusiasts alwayB win. Pentecost whs tho church's equipment for work and warfare, the pledge of her viotory over the world, tho flesh, und tlio dovil. Thus equipped sho went forth and lodthe old world captive, iu penitence with faith, in love uud loyalty to licr great Master's feet. Higli-toned spirituality, unity of bouI and service, invinoiblo conrugo, irrosistiblo testi mony, contagious enthusiasm ure, iu every ago, tho cliurtuitoristio fouturesof Ponteoostul power. Ohubok Life of To-day. Aro thoso tho prominent feutures of the ehuroh life of to-uay ? Are tlieso tho murks of our own oliuroli life ? To these questions we must return a sorrowful no. Tho oliuroli needs uhovo all things a now baptism of spirituality, a now baptism of holy boldness, a now baptism of contagious earnestness. In a word sho uoeds u revival of Ponteoostul power. Her children need to become mice again wliole-soulod, consecrated, concen trated, Spirit-fiUod, with fto mark of loyalty to Christ stamped on their brow, nnd with love as un all-consuming passion for lostmou, in their hearts. Is CiiniSTiANrrr a Faxlubk? Tills question has hoen asked a good doal latoly. Let us honestly faceit for a moment. Let us think of the stupendous oluim of Ohrist. " AU xM>wor hatli boon given Me in heavou und in oartli then think of the ehuroh with hor tons of thousands of clergy and otlior workers, with her toils of millions of members, with her 6oercs of millions of Bibles and works in sup port of the Biblo ; lot us think, I auy, of the ' nil power " of Christ, and of tho church nnd her hosts. And think, nftor nineteen hundred yours of so-called Christian influonco and activity, of tho sad state of tho world. Of the mviliscd world- with its insane standing armies and nuviot, and tho growing tendonuy to inoreaso in .thin direction ; with its lusts of tho flesh, of money, und of power, of powor for overriding and orusliing tho weuk. Of tho pagan and heathen world, with its superstition, oruelty, and sin. Think, I say, of all thoso prosont-day evils, and euu we wonder that agnostics nsk with a sneer, "IVhero is the ovidenoo of tho 'all- power ' of your Olirist ? His'honatful viotory ovor tho world seoms as far off as ovor ; your logeudury devil is still tho god of this world, aud lias a far' laruer following than .Tnaua of Nazareth." These taunts mako ouroliooks bum, and our hearts sad, lor 111 our doopcHt conscience wo feci that such a taunt ought to havo been on impossibility in fto closing days of the nineteenth century. The Cause of Failtob. Wo all know there is something . wrong somewhere. Yet wo are certain there is no laokof power in Christ, for wo aro not un mindful of His splendid and far-reaohing victories in tho early centuries, viotories won against as great odds as the world could muster to-duy. Yet wo fool there is failure somewhere. To whose door shall wo trace it P I say to the door of tho ehuroh. And this is fto secret of tho failure i The ehuroh has slighted, if not rejected tlioHoly Ghost. While she has returned Him ill her orced, sho has denied Him m her practice. Tho ehuroh has trusted in un arm of flesh rather than in fto Spirit of tho living God. She has leaned on emporors and kings, on armies and navios, on parliaments, on priesthoods, on theologies, on sacraments, ou rites and ceremonies, on any thing rather than the Holy Spirit. She has substituted the material for the spiritual, the power of man for tho powor of God. " She has allowed concrete symbols to usurp tho place of the living God." She bus deified nor saorumonts and worshipped them ; she has exalted hor priesthoods and gloried in her authority. And whilo slio has been doing thiB the power of God has departed from lier, as it did from Samson of old, through his dalliance with tho strango woman of Fhilistia. Tho ohurcli has lost the power to transmit the fullness of tho unseen spiritual Christ to men, and hence at the elose of the nineteenth century her work in tho world has inany murks of failure. No Lack of Powee. Yot we aro satisfied tliero is powor enough for tho full accomplishment of all tho Lord's designs, for the Spirit of tho Lord is not straitened. All power in heaven und earth is in His hands. Tliero is powor enough at tho Sourco. It hns been blocked at its outflow. Tho Lord 1ms boon hampered in relation to His disbursements. His oliannels of communication huve been ehoked. Tho connection hns been broken — the wires cut. The supply of power has been immensely > larger than the means of conveyance. The glorified Ohrist has beau sorely hampered for the want of hearts, souls, and lives, into which and through whioh to pour tho fullness of His life. The river of the water of life would havo distributed itself ore this in healthful streams over the whole of humanity, but it has been dammed up by huge banks of orror— priestcraft, worldliness, unboliof, "in difference, and love of case — within the church itself. God Hindered in His Wobk. God onnnot get His Spirit upon the world if His church refuse to convoy it. This is a point I want to press, for it is just here that failure comes in. Aluny Christian people seem to think that God deals directly with the world. This is thoir mistuko. If over tho Spirit is to movo the world, it will be through tho church. The church is the point of coutuot betweoa God and fto world. Tho ono hundred and twenty in tho upper room formed tho point of contact betweon God and the Jerusalem Binuers. It was through them that the Pentecostal powor flowed to the outsido world. The Need of the Whole Cmracit. Pentecostal power is needed by the church as a whole. All are commanded to possess it, all may enjoy it, all may use it. No ono bus a monopoly of the Holy GhoBt. Ho belongs to no exolusivc caste or priesthood. Ho iH the common heritage of fto wholo church. Like God's puro air und glorious sunlight, His graeo and power are for all. There is a Pentecost for every Christian who is prepared to claim it, and to accopt fto responsibility it brings. There is a possible " filling with tho Spirit" within tho reach of the humblest member of Christ. Christ lives and reigns to clothe Iiis people with power from on high. " Bo filled with fto Spirit " is tho divine command to every Christian. If tho oliuroli, as a whole, woro to uriso and claim her Pentecost and fulfill her obliga tions, then should wo sco tho kingdom of God coming with leaps and hounds. Soon would be tho sign of tho Son of Man in the heavens, and the hour draw rapidly near for the evolution of the now heuveus and the new earth, wherein dwclleth righteousness. 