Life of Sir Henry Partes. BY CHA.RLES E. LYNE (CONTRIBUTED BV INTIS.) IN an attractive binding of maroon-coloured clotb, and enclosing nearly 600 pages of reading matter in large, clear type-which helps to render i«s perusal a pleasure-Mr Lyne's biography of Sir Henry Parkes at length makes a welcome appear ance. Welcome to the modern student, at least, for it will assist him to link the earlier life and actions of the distinguished statesman to that later portion with which he is familiar. Also it explains in a reasonable way many circum stances in Sir Henry Parkes' career, and proves them to be not half so objectionable when separ ated from the party colouring and personal an tagonism with which it was surrounded. And in that feature alone the book justifies its appearance. Abounding in interesting and more or less well known anecdotes, and by means of graphic word portraits of the more prominent personages who occupied the political stage during the public career of Sir Henry, by photographs of him, of his father, of Sir ]ohn Robertson and his birth place and several residences; and last, but not least, by an attractive and clear literary style the volume, comparatively bulky as it is, it holds the in terest of the reader from the first to the last page. In going to the newspaper records, and to re liable public documents (not to mention the fact of the author having enjoyed in an unusual de gree the friendship and confidence of bis distin guished subject) in vindication of such incidents as the " Kiama Ghost," the case of Ylr Butler, the appointment of the Chief Justice, the Mfilburn Creek Scandal, and several other doubtful inci dents with which Sir Henry Parkes, always prominent in the political life of the country, was, as a matter of course, more or less identified-Mr Lyne has shown much shrewdness, and, if between the lines one discerns a keen admiration on the part of the author for Sir Henry Parkes. it is, surely, not a matter for surprise. Indeed, it is a moot point as to whether Mr Lyne would have exhibited good taste or good judgment in using his book as a medium for resurrecting all the hard and cruel calumnies that have been uttered against one who, through financial reverses and his active participation in party government- with all its strife and bitterness during a lifetime, was exposed to the worst and most rancourous assaults-which, however, never drew him from the strict path of what he con ceived to be his duty. Now that the prejudices that surrounded his actions have almost disap peared from the minds of the people of N.S.W., it is easy to see that his faults-and he had many for interested reasons, were greatly exagerated; and in laying before his readers an accurate and impartial account of these matters, Mr Lyne has respected the memory of Sir Henry Parkes in a way that will be generally commended, fassiag to other information that the volume discloses, several examples of the powers of eloquence pos sessed by Sir Henry Parkes are given ; nor has the author loaded his story in any way by im porting into his work those admirable utterances which, in many instances, would in' themselves form splendid text books upon constitutional law, parliamentary practice, and the duties gen erally of a statesman. The poems, viewed as such, had better been omitted; but yet they serve to present more effectively to the reader an in sight into the inner workings of the statesman's mind than could be given in the limits of ordinary prose. For that reason they are justified, but perhaps for no other. But it is more in the light of the statesman of broad ideas and wide mental vision-as the enunciator of great abstract prin ciples of government, than as the " working politic ian," that we must consider Sir Henry Parkes-for though in his long career, much of it spent in Ministerial office, be was instrumental in passing many beneficial Acts of legislation, such as the Education Act (originated by Mr Greenwood, a clergyman, and afterwards a Member of the Legislature,) the Railways Act, the Public Works Act, the Chinese Restriction Act, and others, he at the same time assisted largely to educate the ptiblic mind by his invaluable and widely dissem inated speeches upon the questions that affect society at large. The incalculable services of Sir Henry Parkes to the cause of Australian unity are alluded to in the manner they deserve, and at a time like the present, when the great question of Federation is so prominent, those services are not likely to be readily forgotten. Indeed, many people are of opinion to-day that but for the masterful person ality and statesmanlike qualities of Sir Henry Parkes, this colony would occupy a far less im portant position than it does at present. And the volume, carefully perused, well bears out this opinion. But to those who desire to learn the main characteristics of Mr Lyne's admirable book, it may be said to embrace, firm, an impartial history sof the late politician, based on accurate data, from the time of his arrival in New South Wales up to the close of his political career ; secondly, a passing glimpse of the different men who worked with Sir Henry in moulding our Constitution and improving its working ; thirdly, it presents in an unprejudiced light the late statesman as he really was; and lastly, it gives to colonial political history a standard work which in the years to come will help the future student to understand what our magnificent Constitution cost to achieve. In the last paragraph of the book the author writes : So long WAS Sir Henry Parkes identified with the public life of New South Wale*, that it is difficult to realize that he will never again be in tho Government, and still more so the existence of Parliaments from which his venerable and commanding figure will be absent. Yet, though the walls which have resounded to bis eloquence shall listen to him no more, tho echoes of his voice remain to teach all who come after him adherence to principle, consistency of conduct, patriotism, faithful ness to tbe responsibilities of public service. The story of his life is one from which many useful lessons may be learned, of importance to all interested in the well being and progress of young communities. Finally, the book is one that should occupy a prominent place in every library in the colonies, the elegant phraseology and diction, and the ac curatenessof the work being sufficient guarantees that it will ever justify its place in the foremost ranks of Australian literature. 