PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY MORNING. THURSDAY, AUGUST 5th, 1897. Nominations for the office of three councillors to serve in the North, Centro, and East ridings of the shire of Frankstoun and Hastings, close next Tuesday, the 10th inst.. on or before 4 o'clock p.m. Nominations for local auditor also closing on the same day, election day being fixed for the 20th inst. The retiring councillors are : North Riding. Or J. D. Box ; Centre Riding, Or A. Jones, East Riding, Cr D. J. Ham, The retiring local auditor is Mr Mark tirody. All ,o these gentlemen offer themstelves for re election. Nominations for three conu eillors to serve in the Morningtou shire as well as for the office of local auditor, close on the same day. In this, shire the retiring councillors are Cr W. Stanley, Cr J. Barrett, and Cr A. Wilson, and the local auditor, Mr. Ji.hn Threader. With the exception of Or Wilson. who retires into private life, the whole of these gentlemen have announced their intention of going to the poll. Mr E. Jones and Mr [ol comb have also definitely announced their candidature. In the shire of Filnders and Kangerong nominations close on the same day for three coun cillors, and one local auditor. The retiring councillors are:- Centre Riding, Cr Griffiths ; East Riding. Cr J. Davies ; West Riding, Cr R. Ander son, all of whom seek re-election. The new aspirants for municipal honours are ex-Councilllor I. Stanley, who is mentioned as likely to oppose Or Davies and Mr W. J. Brady, who opooses Cr Anderson. Mr G. M'Lear is the retiring local auditor. We have received a letter for publica. tion from Mr D. J. Ham, in reply to Mr Brody's letter published in our last issue, but as it reached us too late for insertion this week we have held it over for our next. In this letter Mr Ham states that the cost of local auditors to councils for the last three years has been £4,000, the local auditor for this shire drawing close upon £20 of this sum.I The Colonial Mutual Assurance Society is anxious to make arrange meats with the League of Wheelmen for special terms fpr assuring league members against accident while cycling. The new council tot be'elected at the end of. the month will deal with the matter. Marriage bells are ringing in Frank ston. where two brides are to be led 'to the hymeneal altar by their prospective lords and masters (?). One couple re side at Langwarrun. ,We wish them luck. A splendid programme has been prepared for the entertainment to be given to-morrow night by members of the Leisure Hour. Club, at Hasty lags, when several clever mem bers of the Melbourne Try Society will assist. Vocal and instrumenl tal selections, musical dumb-bell and club swinging exercises, displays of strength and skill on the horizontal bar and trapeze, recitations and sketches are included, as well as Mr Todd, of Melbourne. in his ventrilo qutal entertainment. The whole is to conclude with a grand parade of a military squad. The concert will commence at 8 p.m. sharp, admission being sixpence. On the 14th of the. present month the ,Flinders and .Kangerong Counci propose striking a :general rate of one shilling m the £ sterling upon the nett annual valuation of the rateable pro perty of the shire. On that day a Dromana, for this purpose, as well as nev adopting bye-laws for the carrying out imi of the pan system at Sorrento. C On Saturday evening next the ple FrankAton band will give an open air wh performance in Bay street, when they Fri will also make their first appeal to the wil public for aid, The response to this ten appeal should be a liberal one. As Jol mentioned in a previous issue, the res members have, up to the present, we borne the whole cf the expenses them- bei selves, and have ever been ready to thi lend their aid gratitiously to any de serving object. This alone should en title them to aid. Besides this, the band is certain to be one of the attrac tions of the town during the summer as month, when it is proposed to play in as the band stand near the jetty at short intervals. Let us hope that the in- re habitants will contribute libera'ly. fa A deputation from the unemployed which waited on the Ministor of Mines a few days ago complained that the m men who visited the Leongatlia Labour i Colony for food and shelter had to bi sleep on bare boards, although there i were stacks of straw in the settlement. Mr Foster promised to have the matter inquired into, and Colonel Goldstein, v the honarary superintendent of the colony, has informed him that every o man receives two blankets, with mate- A rials for a mattress, and that there is a re good supply of sweet swamp grass cut li for bedding, being much better-than c straw for filling the mattress. Some 1 of the men preferred ferns to rest on, a but others did not make any use of the t mattress or bedding material. It was, a , however, of their own choice that they f slept on bare boards, with the blankets e Is wrapped azound them. A letter written by Mr G. F. OI Cuseons, whose name was given on the rl official programme of the Dromana , show as one of the committee of management, appears in this issue, in si, which that gentleman states that he was elected a committeeman against ' his wish, and that he was not officially informed of the fact until some twelve a months after, or about three weeks r before the show, when he received a ed letter from the secretary asking him to "a attend a meeting. On receipt of this id- communication he notified the secretary ay that he would take no part. On these grounds Mr Cussons repuoiates any liability in regard to the deficiency. Mbr Cussons is placed in a very uu favourable and unenviable position, but one which would have been obviated had he publicly announced that his name appeared without his sanction. The public accepted the names given on the catalogue in good faith, and lent \- their aid accordingly. Whether ir Cnssons silence renders him liable. so far as honour is concerned, we are not. ree prepared to say. But this we do sty. th the whole of the proceedings, b-th of before and after the show, have been xt conducted in a very lax manner. The1 e treasurer informs us t:at he has not eal received one penny in connection with the show, and can therefore give no in th formation as to the state of the funds. As this is a matter which affects a tee number of people, and as the reputation Cr of. the geittlemen who acted as a comn lor utittee of msnaugement is at stake, we e invite further correspondence on the re- subject, in order that the public may Lu- be fully acquainted with the facts, but re stipulate that in all cases the writer's or, name must be forwarded for publication is, By the Argus of yesterday we learn . that Mr. Daniel Bourke, of Pakenham, A. is alminst certain to contest the Morn hr ington electorate against Mr. A. Downward, the retiring member. If fe, this gentleman finally decides to stand. tve the contest, providing no other candi to dates come forward, should be a close d one. of We are pleased to learn from our ins Dromana correspond,'nt that an agri in- cultural and horticultural society has 'he been successfully established at Dro. tre mans. The name of the new society Cr is the Flinders and Kangeronri Agri er- cultural and Horticultural Society. It ,n. is in no way connected with any other urs society previously in existence. A is very influential committee has been Or elected, and Mr. A. Holloway and Mr. rho N, Rudduck have been appointed ear secretary and treasurer respectively. In order to restore the faith of the ica. public, which had, to a very large ex tent, been lost over the recent Dromana o show, a guarantee fund of £20 is to be ur formed. From the great interest taken S in the proceedings, and from the large Snumber of prominent men who attended, r we predict a successful career for the re society. tor Only one case came on for hearing at 20 the Frankston Police Court on Monday. Very little interest was taken in the proceedi gs, only 10 persons being present in the court room, including g magistrates, solicitors, clerk ofcourt. sen and parties directly interested. gue ug. Last;-week the proverbial "ghost' themade his appearance in Brighton, the frightening several people, About this time last year his ghostsbip also played nk- similar pranks, but on this occasion, by all accounts, he has discarded the white e sheet and appears dressed all in black. Presumably he is a disciple of his re- satanic majesty. He will not reqmuire m the aid of burnt cork to blacken himself with if some of the residents catch hold en of him. beA meeting of the Frankston sports ers committee was held on Saturday last, sty when tenders for earthworks in con m- nection with embanking the track in the park were dealt with, but as the a tenders, in each instance were con sidered too high, it was decided that the work should be done by day nd labour, which course is now being followed out. As the time is close at \- hand when the committee (which t holds office for one year) retire by eflluxion of time, we would suggest r that they be elected by subscribers only, and also that in future years only a given number retire in rotation. Another alteration might also be made Ith in the coenstitution, and that is the ti fixing of an annual allowance to be ne paid to the secretary. This latter, we et. contend, is most essential. It is also ro- one which requires, to a very large a degree, delicate handling on the part of ~iBse 0;aprl ~im. Utbah ~rdiassa1, nevertheless it is one of paramount me, importance. 'dat Sir John Madden referred with 1 pleasure, last Friday night, to the time apl when he played cricket with the Isi Frankston club, and also expressed his willingness to assist in anything tending to the welfare of the club. Sir for John is extremely popula.r with the wil residents, who always give him a cordial Dr welcome, his reception ou this occasion being no exception to the rule. Would he that the town had a few more like him. ye A movement is on foot in Moorabbin be for the establishment of a half-holiday for shopkeepers. A rural industries r association is also being formed in the at same place. so t The Railway department is at last N recognising the rights of wheehunen to bh fair treatment in° the care of bicycles. 01 Hitherto guards and, porters have been Yn allowed to throw wheels about in a St manner which was worthy only of so si r much scrap iron, and no provision had ol o been made for .safe carriage. After n *e many appeals made by the League of b Wheelmen, the Commissioner has d i caused proper provision to be made in 9 vans for bicycles. Le An error occurred in last week's issue E y of our contemporary, the "Dandenong I A- dvertiser," which is somewhat mis- P a reading. In mentioning the names of o it likely can idates for the - Mornington ti n council that of Mr Bennett is.mentioned. a se As Mr Bennett is a contractor for the b n, shire it is not all likely that he would te think of seeking to enter the council, is, as if elected he would be debarred sy from contracting for the shire. The t ts error is Mr Bennett's name being most likely intended for. that of Mr Barrett, who is he will again seek re-election. na So far there appears to be no likelih of hood of any opposition to the three in retiring councillors and auditor m the he Frankston and Hastings shire, the 1st young man who was mentioned as a lly likely candidate for the latter having lye decited not to stand. Several names ks have however been mentioned for the I a auditor, amongst others, that of Mr J. to J. W. Caldwell, the late secretary of his the Somerville Fruitgrowers' Associa ary tion, being mentioned, but nothing ie definite is known. There is a feeling Iny abroad in the three ridings that should cy. this gentleman stand for the position iu- he will be well supported. but ted Dandenong and Berwick is being his inundated with candidates for parlia on. mentary honors in opposition to Mr on Longniore, the present member. but eat very likely a number of them will retire 'dr as time progresses. Amongst the so candidates are two of the same nanme iot -Woods., and another one every similar y-Woodward. It would be a singular itli coincidence if Mr Downward was cen returned for MIorninaton, and Mr li'l. Woodward for the DandenoUn and not Berwick electorate. rich The race for the J.P. ships in Frank in- ston is a very dark one, and various are 'Is, the conjectures as to upon whom the n a choice will fall. If thc Minister expects ion to find amongst us a person who does 10- nethold some peculiar ideas of his own we in regard to meting out justice, hle will the find his task a very hard one. This 1a7 brings to memory a reminiscence of but many years ago. when a deputation r's from the same town, waited on the ion Minister in regard to a similar appoint am ment, but two.gentlemen nominated by im, the deputation. were, not appointed in- for particular reasons. Another gentle A nman who was mentioned to the If Minister by the then member of the nd. Upper House, was also overlookel. idi- Gr A. Downward, M.L.A., will next ~se Saturday occupy the presilential chair of the Mornington council for the last our time during-the present term. At the gri- next meeting a new president will be has elected. The same also applies to Cr )ro. S. Sherlock, the president of the ety Frankston and Hastings shire. gri- One of the Melbourne dailies this t week contains a paragraph drawing at her tention to a curious phenomenon which A occurred at Frankston early on een Saturday and Monday mornings. A Mr. sediment closely resembling sulphur ited is said to have fallen,during the showers ely. of rain. The sediment referred to was the no doubt caused by the blossom from ex- pines, large numbers of which abound sna in the vicinity. o be ken The Moorabbin shire authorities sill urge continue to prosecute cyclists wht, in dod, spite of everything, persist in riding on the the footpaths within the shire boundaries. The revenue derived from this source miust be considerable, as g at batch after batch of cyclists appear at day. Cheltenham every court day, fines the being.inflicted in nearly every instance. Ang At Brightbn also they have a lively ling time bE it. last week sir of their nit, number being fined 5s each. They, however, enjoy a quiet time of it on st" reaching Prankaton, and scorch alone ton, the footpath from Beach street to Wells this street with impunity, expecting pedes d trians to make way for them, thus combining insult with injury. There bit are those who: no doubt, are oppeoa d to ack. proceedings being instituted anmans' his cychsts on the plea that it is to the ue interest of the town to encourage, se rather than discourage, them to run old thither. This is a false Impression, no greater veto being required than the number of cyclists who peddle through orts the Moorabbin shire. on A special meeting of the committee in appointed to carry out the arrangements the in connection with the entertainment on- in aid of the Somerville mechanics' hat institute, was held last week, when Iay it was decided to alter the date to Wed i nesday next, the 11th August, so as to st avoid clashing with Frankston arrange ich ments on the date first selected. Mr by J. P. Whitfield, the secretary for the st concertiand entertainment, has a long ors list of performers who have volunteered ar to assist, and the programme, which on, include a good share of songs in ide character and severdl items of fancy the dancing, will probably prove one of the be best ever given in that place. The com we mittee have wisely decided on making a Iso charge of one shilling throughout the rge hall, and therefore no distinctiom Of between front, and back seats will be nab. sd4e. The ? ? ? ?i?Lt? r ~- ~NF.·-\ mechanics' institute, and an impromptu dance will be held after the concert. Dr. :R Jones, of Tasmania, has been appointed health officer for the Phillip Island shire. A meeting to appoint two trustees for the Dromana recreation reserve will be held at the mechanics' institute, Dromana, on Saturday next, at 7 p.m. The Frankston masonic ball will be held on the 1:th of this month. A very fashionable gathering is sure to be present. There is every prospeet of a profitable summer for the board.nghbouse keepers, storekeepers and others in the penin sula, which is coming more into favour. Next month should see preparations being made for the reception of seaside one of the retiring councillors, but who visirors,and flkl: in Mornington, Frank ston, and other plaes should leave no stone unturned in their endeavour to od btain better aild cheaper railway accom modation, which is the greatest draw f backs. The sooner a Ftart ia made in this S direction the greater are the chances of success. The members of the Frankston and i Somerville detachments of the G. g Company Rangers are making marked progress in their drill under the tuition if of Sergt-major Creaney, who seems to a take a great' interesbnia-.tjat.4,-. .??.l . annual ball given by the company is to e be held shortly at Oheltenham. Some of the ratepayers of a portion of Carrum made strong representations to the Minister of Water Supply last Thursday regarding an injustice which they considered they laboured under, namely, that of having to pay a rate of something like 5s in the £ towards the Carrum Water Trust, from which they derived no benefit. They asked to be relieved of the burden of contributing to the Trust's funds. The Minister informed the deputation that, if he found, after inquiry, that they suffered any injustice he would endeavour to give them relief when the amending Water Bill was brought before the House. The income tax payable on assess ments made after 12th June, 1897. or on or before the 31st July, is payable ng on the 15th inst. ion The names of four Starr-Bowkett building societio.e are given in the last issue of the Government Gazette, which are to be struck off the register Sand dissolved at the end of three ut months, unless cause is shown to the tire contrary. The names of fourteen other the uildiug societies are also given which are to be aealt with in the -same ilar manner. liar The next county courtat Mornington vas will be held on Thursday, the 16th Mr December. ind The enforcing of the pan system,?t Sorrento appears to. be meeting. with ak opposition on the part of a number,of are ratepayers. What objection there. can the be to the system beyond that of further cta expense to the ratepayers does not es transpire. vill Tenders are invited by advertisement his for painting and repairing the court of house at Morningto. ' ion The ordinary monthly meeting of the the Frankston Mechanicst! Institute com mittee was held onr Tuesdaylastl 'when b the business. wris chieflyrb6f"at+Yotine te c h a ra c te r. • ' . , a r. s:, the It is a great pity indeed that greater the supe?vision is not exercised in the protection of the tree guards erected in Frankston. At one time the trees ext were considered of sufficient importance tair to justify a man being put on to water last and loosen the earth around them, but he now they are totally discarded. Iwo I be guards recently knocked down by run r away horses were allowed to reainm the where they fell until someone short of firewood took it upon themselves to his remove them. After the expense that a- has been incurred in connection with ich these treeguards it is a great shame on that this sort of thing should be per A mitted to go on. hur A lecture is to be gisen in the me 'ers chanics' institute, Somerville, on Mon wa day next, by Mr. Adeock, entitled '"m "The journey of life." This lecture nd was delivered by the same gentleman at Prankston some months ago, when l it was greatly appreciated by all who in had the pleasure of listening to it. 1t on is by no means a dry lecture, and we ire can honestly rec,,mmend it as well om worth hearing, more especially so as the lecturer-is a man possessing great at talent in this particular line, and never e fails to evoke roars of laughter from ehis audience; 'ely The members of the Franketon Fire- ear BrigRde hold their monthly regulation ey, practics to-morrow night. on ne The Rev. P. J. Edwards is announced eIs to pres h next Sunday in the Ciurlch es- of England at HKutings. hoth morning ho and evening, and in the afternoon at et Tyabb. S It is a very rart nccurrence in deed, if ever, that the meetinge of the Mornington and Frankston and e. Hastings councils fa;l during the same n week, but this month is the exception. no To-morrow the latter meet at Uastings e and on the day following the former meet at Mornington. ee The Frankaton line of railway was uts opened exactly fiftten years ago on nt Saturday last. c' A entrt of petty sessions was held en at Franketon on Monday. ·d 