THE SERMON. The sermon was preached as follows by the Right Rev. Dr. Higgins, Bishop Auxiliary of Sydney : — 'Thou shall send forth thy spirit, and they shall be created, and thou shalt renew the face oi' the earth.' The inspired words of St. Luke which are read in the Epistle of this Sunday record the history of the mysterious event commemorated by the solemnity of Pentecost. When the great burden iu uie apoaioiaie was piacea oy ineir Divine Master on the shoulders of the 'chosen few' their gravest apprehen sions were awakened by the mighty re sponsibility thus imposed, and by their, own conscious unfitness to receive it. But our Divine Lord did not -withhold from them the consolation they so much needed, and hence we find that before he ascended to His Father thesa assuring words were lovingly addressed to them: 'You shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost coming upon you.' This was His parting pledge to them, and the inspired words of St. Luke give us the history of its fulfilment Hav ing -witnessed the memorable spec tacle of His ascension into Heaven they return to Jerusalem to await in prayer and seclusion the coming of the promised blessing. Accordingly, on the morning of the tenth day, as they were gathered together in the Coenacu lum where Our Lord had celebrated His Last Supper on the eve of His death. 'There suddenly came from Heaven a sound as of a mighty wind, and it filled the whole house where they were sitting. And there appeared to them cloven tongues, as it were, of fir®, and It sat upon each one of them. And they were filled with the Holy Ghost, nnd they began to speak with divers tongues.' Such is the mysterious event which the Church commemorates by this day's festival, and in the whole range of her checkered history there is no incident that possesses a deeper sig nificance, or is fraught with richer spiritual blessings. The church first founded by Jesus Chris* was repre sented during these 10 days by men, who, humanly speaking, were miser ably deficient in every quality of cha racter nnd acquirement needed for the proat mission to which they had been divinely chosen, They were rude .and unlettered, they were poor, humble and unknown, they were timid, dishearten ed nnd disorganised, Among them wpre n^t only the eleven who fled from tliplr Muster In the hour of His trial; there were the disbelieving Thomas, and the false Peter. But there was one thing to make up for all these draw backs; the memory of their Master's parting words, 'You shall receive the power of the Ghost.' And when that power came, when the spirit from above, the third person of the Blessed Trinity, descending from the bosom of the Father in 'obedience to the will of the Son, entered into the breasts of these timid, ignorant men, Avhat a striking fulfilment of the words of my text, 'Thou shalt send forth thy spirit and they shall be created, and thou shalt renew the face of the earth.' Yes, they were truly regenerated, and the whole world became renewed by a mar vellous transformation. No sooner had the vivifying graces of the Spirit of. God overflowed into their souls than the timid men of yesterday go forth be fore the world, braced with the courage of veteran heroes, to proclaim as their leader Him whom they had so lately deserted. Instead of seeking safety in flight, or in the seclusion of the Caenaculum, they stand before the council to give an account of their doc trine and to justify their conduct in preaching it by the bold declaration that 'they must obey God, rather than man.' And when in punish ment of their courage in thus proclaiming Jesus Christ, whom ' you, as they said to their judges,' have put to death, hanging Him on a tree, they were seized and scourged and dismissed, they go ayvay rejoicing that they were account ed worthy to suffer reproach for tha name of Jesus. But this new-born courage did not end here. 'Their sound went over all the earth, and their words went unto the end of the whole earth.' The universe seems scarcely equal to the play of their burning zeal. Peter traverses the surrounding districts of Syria, and next transfers the scene of his Apostolic labours to the distant city of Home, the centre of the Pagan world. Paul carries the glad tidings of the Gospel to Greece, Macedonia and other regions in the south-east of .Europe. The voice of the once-unbelieveing Thomas resounds along the banks of the distant Ganges; while James, the Greater, seeks in the unknown land of the Spanish Peninsula an inviting field ? for the exercise of the ministry that had just been miraculously perfected in him. 'Thou shalt send forth thy spirit ana tney snau ue ureu-ieu. They were poor and unlettered, and habituated from infancy to the rude life and associations of the fisherman. Jesus Christ had taken them into His school, and had spent three years in structing them in the beauty of His doc trine, and 'the mysteries of the King dom of Heaven.' But their innate dul ness of heart continues. They under stand little of what they hear, and merit the rebuke which their Divine Master was moved to address to them. ' O, foolish and slow of heart to believe.' But the Spirit of God descends, and ' they are created.' Immediately the teaching of their Divine Master becomes clear and captivating, and its hidden truths are propounded by them in language of heavenly beauty. They became the teachers and instructors of the whole world, though that world contained at the time those who were esteemed 'masters of rhetoric and miracles of wisdom,' and they have left us— these rude, unlettered fishermen— in their in spired Epistles, those fountains of hea venly knowledge at which the bright- . est intellects or the last eighteen hun dred years have fired their inspiration, and on which the Church of God must ever draw in the preservation of her divine mission as the divinely accre dited teacher of the nations of the world. The apostles were weak, worldly-minded men— they inherited their full share of that sad legacy that had come to all from the first sin. They were vain, jealous and ambitious: two even presuming to claim the first: place In their Master's kingdom. But God sent forth His spirit, and they be came new men. The one ambition that now fires these generous souls is to glorify God by their labours and their sufferings, and to become ana thema, if necessary, to that world they so lately loved, that they might gain Jesus Christ. There Is now no unseem ly scramble for the first place at the table, no dreams of an earthly king dom, no yearning for the revival of the ancient glories of .Israel. Other thoughts than these dominate their mind. The glory of Christ crucified, the spread of His name among nations, the submis sion of all men to His sweet yoke. Such were the purposes for which they strove animated by one spirit, breathing one sentiment— that of St. Paul— 'who shall separate me from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation? or famine? or dis tress? or nakedness? or persecution? or the sword?' And the tragic close of the life of each best attests the loyalty with which they responded tosuchabattle cry. Yes, dear brethren, they were created, they were new men, indeed, and the renewal of the face of the earth which followed from their labours Is a still, more marvellous evidence of the divine fact ? Here we must call In history to our aid. and what does history tell us— That the world at the time reposed In the full blaze of that Intellectual development which distin guished whnt Is known as 'theAugus- tan Ag'e.' The cultivation of the arts and sciences had attained its highest perfection, the nnclent philosophy of Greece and Rome Its fullest wisdom— and men boasted of the enlightenment of the age as superior tn any thing yet attained in the domain of intellectual culture, and yet. what was tho condition of human society? It was buried in a state of religious and moral degradation tlint was truly ap (Continued on Page 14.) (Continued from I'agu 10.) palling. All the nations of the earth, except the Jewish people, were the help less victims of a gross idolatry. 'The whole world,' says a learned writer, 'was a temple in which, everything' was God except God himself.' They wor shipped imaginary beings, irrational animals, the sun in the heavens, and in the one city of Rome there were 30,000 idols erected to its false gods. Nay more, so far was ' truth diminished among the children of men' that they deified their very sins, and raised up altars to the honour of their impurities, their hates and their drunkenness. Such was the face of! the earth which the spirit of God came down this morning to renew by the preaching of the apostles and their successors, and I need not delay to remind you of the result. The face of that earth was renewed. These abominable excesses were suppressed, the huge imposture of paganism was swept away; the stan dard, of the Cross was planted in the centre of its mightiest stronghold; and the darkness of unbelief gradually gave way b'efore the bright light of the ex alted doctrines of Christ, which became diffused throughout the whole world. This was only the first scene in the divine drama that was just unfold ing itself to the world. The con sequences of the prevailing deprav ity was reflected in every phase of so cial life. In an age so remarkable for intellectual culture the vast majority of the human race was reduced to a state of abject slavery. In the city of Rome, and for SGO years, the proportion of the slave to the freeman was as 3 to 1. In Greece, the centre of the classic culture of the time, it rose in some cities as high as 20 to 1, while in some of the .surrounding barbarous nations the evil was not less aggravated. These poor creatures were regarded as belonging to a kind of inferior order of being, who had no rights to be recognised, no pri vileges to be respected, no temporal or eternal interests to be provided for. Thousands were periodically gathered into the Roman amphitheatre to slaughter each other for the brutal gra tification of the populace. Ladles engag ed at their toilet might turn round upon their poor female slave in attend ance and plunge their dagger into her heart if she happened to make a mis take in the adjustment, of her dress. And there was a law, even, which provided that if the master was assassinated all the slaves except the infirm and those in chains might be put to death, and there is an instance on record where 400 were so executed in cold blood to satisfy the manes of their murdered master. Such was the world upon which I he Spirit of God came down to exercise His benign inlluence, through the preaching of the Gospel of Christ. According I' the principles of that Gospel all men were equal before God; sons of the same Heavenly Father; heirs to the same Heavenly Kingdom. Man's social status was an accident of life that meant no reai degradation as such, and cast no stigma upon his immortal soul, which was equally noble, whether it reposed in the breast of the king or the bonds man. In obedience to such principles and quickened by her Divine Spirit ol: fraternal charity the Church took the slave to her bosom with the fondness of a mother's love, and having washed his immortal soul in the. Having waters ol baptism and having Introduced h in among her children, she exhorted him to the practice of those virtues which till then wore repudiated as baseness— liumlliy of heart, patience in suffer ns and resignation to the Holy Will oL God. 'You slaves,' says St. Paul, 'obey thorn that are your masters ac cording to the (lesh, with fear and trembling. In the slmplelty ol your hearts, as to ,iesus Christ, himself, not: serving to the eye, as If pleasing man. but as the servants of Christ, doing the Will of God from the heart.' Thus the Church sought sweetly to remove from tne slave the stigma of his slavery by reminding him that though he was saivo he was no less a, child ol God, and that he could serve God nr i ess e i - factually by offering to him In si -u - - - tv of heart that service which his uc i - ajtlon required him to render to bib master. The master too was ei tally the ol eel of the Church's nolle! Luc e. She takes pains to disabuse him of the idm that he was the absolute owner ol. hose subject to him, or ^eejvomre sponsibllity In their regard. 'Am , y ca nnster^' he savs, 'do the same thlnu a '''ymir1 slaves, 'forbearing th,mte, nj; knowing that the Lord botl oL and you is in heaven, and t a the e L m remiect of persons with Hun, Do to your servants what; is just and oc unl', ?knowing also that you have t AiimVer who is In Heaven. . ? - llllU irit words or remonstrant and f - §jfi*SSs3fr3?s inittedhUo her sanctuary; nay, moie some were even raised to the honour of her altars, and enrolled on the Ca lendar of her canonised Saints. The policy thus inaugurated [ she pursued through the whole course of her history. Slowly, if you will, but firmly and unswerv ingly pleading the cause of the slave, and defending his rights by word, by warning, and sometimes by the ful mination of the severest censures, and with the result that the cruel institu tion was uprooted, and that to-day there is no Slav?; in any land where the name of Christ is spoken with hon our. If we pass to the consideration of the more intimate relations of society, the picture will be no ' less depressing. Woman had been displaced from her legitimate position as the equal and helpmate of man, and reduced to a state of debasement bordering on slavery. She was deprived of all social and legal rights and. denied in great part the exercise of personal liberty. Before marriage she belonged to hex father as one of his chattels, and he usually sold her to her future husband for a small sum of money. After mar riage she became the property of her husband, who assumed towards her the relations not of M,ouse but of mas ter. He could abandon, scourge or dismiss her according to the promptings ol! his caprice. She was denied all autho rity over her children, to whom she was scarcely regarded as an equal. Ex cluded from the family circle, and forced to live a dreary, neglected life in the company of her slaves, woman was thus not only deprived of that re spect which the gentleness of her na turn *nd the refinement of her feelings should win, but subjected to a species of cruelty which is only to be explain ed b'. a spirit of deep-seated contempt. Sh? 'was declared Ute source of every evil and Socrates thanked the g -ds that he was born neither a slave nor a w« man. This sad state of feeling lo w-aids women found Us natural ?mx.- , c-jmc in the indifference with which the marriage contract was regarded. The general idea prevailed that when mar riage became a source of tmhappiness it should be dissolved. Men of the highest rank and brightest intellects put away their wives on the most flimsy pretexts, and it was popularly held 'that marriage brought only two happy days to man, the day of his es pousal and the clay on which he laid his wife in the tomb. The result was universal corruption, deep deformity of morals, in which neither justice nor charity, nor social nor personal purity found' a place. What a field for the workings of the holy spirit of God. Yes, dear brethren, in the glorious re generation of women that followed we have one of the proudest triumphs of the Church, and one of the most striking fulfilments of the prophet's words, 'Thou shalt renew the face of the earth. When God chose the virgin daughter of Zion as the mo ther of His Son He restored woman to her original dignity. Mary, one of the despised, was raised by the hand of her Creator to a position ol! honour immeasurably superior to that: of the angels, and set up before -woman as the model in which would be found every virtue that should adorn the Christian maiden, wife and mother. Hence that ennobling of woman which it has been the cherished mission oi! the Church to proclaim, Man must be reminded that she is not his inferior, , his slave or the sport of his passions, that she is his equal in intelligence and dignity, as she Is In the unity of ori- i gin and identity of future hopes. Christ ( Himself would have us to know all this ( from His tender treatment ol! women ; and His Apostles more expressly pro claimed It when He said, 'Ye are all : children of God by faith which Is in - Christ, and there Is neither Jew nor Greek, neither servant nor freeman, there is neither male nor female,' 'Rut the rights of woman received a still higher sanction in the Church's 1 fearless defence of what is acknow- ' ledged as the great safeguard of her ' honour and dignity, the unity, the sanc tity and thelndlssolubility of marriage. When the apostle of the Gentiles an- i nounced to the Epheslans of old, 'Husbands love your wives ns Christ also loved His Church,' Ills words were i a startling awakening to his hearers. Yet they expressed only one phase of that mysterious union between husband and wife which Christ had already ra.is- : ed to the dignity of a sacrament, and pronounced Indissoluble by earthly pow er. 'What therefore God hath joined to gether let. no man put asunder.' Here Is laid the basis of what Is called the 'palladium' of the woman's rights and privileges. She becomes her husband's ' help-mate, bone of his bone, flesh of hisi ' llesh, and hence man shall leave father and mother, and cling to his wife, and they shall be two In one flesh. 'One : with one only and forever,' becomes the - charter of her claims to that position ' of Independence in the household, In '- virtue of which, while duly subject to her i-Mi«hnnd. ns to the Lord, she he roines the queen of the Christian home, the moulder of the Christian /family, and, shall I sny it not, the hope of Chris tian civilisation. Thus woman becomes rescued from that degraded bondage under which ' she lay for so many cenlurlos, and re stored to her legitimate place in society. She became the active dispenser of Christian charity. Yes, and the great ? exemplar of Christian virtues which till then were regarded as impossible, and hence we have had in every age and every clime since then that grand succession of valiant Christian women who have done so much towards th- advancement of religion, and whose deeds of Christian heroism form somt of the brightest pages in the annals en the Christian Church. How lively then, and deep and enduring should bv woman's gratitude towards the Catho lic Church, which has been her true emancipator; for, as the great Ame rican Cardinal expresses it, 'If virginal 'and conjugal chastity is held to-day 'as the brightest gem in the diadem oi 'woman, if the wife is regarded as the 'peer of her husband, and not his slave, 'or the toy of his caprice or passion, if 'she is honoured as the mistress of the 'household, and the queen of the do 'mestic kingdom, to be dethroned only 'by death, she is indebted for all this 'to the Church, which always held in 'violable the unity and indissolubility 'of marriage.' The elevation of woman was follow ed by another result no less important —the saving and the civilising of the child. Before the coming of Christ the custom prevailed among pagan nations to place the new-born infant on the ground at the father's feet. If he raised it up, it became an acknowledg ed member of the family; if he allowed it to remain on the ground the poor little creature was abandoned in the public street, where it usually died from hunger or cold, or became a voured by dogs. Tertullian speaks thus to the Romans of his time: 'How many are there among you who have put an end to your children; you drown them; you suffer them to die of cold or hun ger; or to be eaten by dogs.' Again those who were saved from this miser able end passed so completely under the power of the father that he could imprison them with impunity, beat them with rods, load them with chains, sell them as slaves, or put them to death. We can well imagine the afflic tion, of spirit which this deplorable state of things must have awakened in the heart of the Church of Christ. She remembered her Divine Mas ter's solicitude for little children, 'See that you despise not one of these little ones, for -I say to you their angels in Heaven al ways see the face of my Father, who is in Heaven.' Taking her inspiration from these words, she rushed to the rescue with her resistless ardour, and exercised all her inlluence by apostolic constitutions, by council, by the ordi nance of bishops to restrain such cruel treatment of children, and when even tually she came to possess the power she wielded it with unsparing hand in inflicting condign punishment on the unnatural parent, who would contri bute towards the death or mutilation of the child; while, at the same time, her most earnest appeals were addivess ed to all to recognise the rights and high destiny of the little ones of Christ; who-, becoming' in baptism, the conse crated property of God, were thereby in vited to reign with Him for ever in Heaven. But, perhaps, one of the most striking manifestations of the work ings of the Holy Spirit in the Church ol; God is yet: to be consider ed. At the time he descended on the Apostles in the form of fiery tongues, the city of Rome contained a population of 2.000.000, in which the poor numbered no less than 500,000. Yet in the whole range of Roman history there is no mention of a single asylum for the poor, or hospital for the sick; no attempt by either public or private munificence to provide for the afflicted members of hu manity. On the contrary, the prevail ing spirit of the time was diametrically ?lpposcd to the very Idea of such philan-, thropy, and hence while we find men throwing away their money to show their contempt for riches, or to rid themselves of the anxiety which its possession entails, there was no thought of the suffering of the poor. Seneca tells us, no doubt, that men some times threw an alms to a beggar, but, he adds, this was merely to get rid of him, and Plautus writes: 'What is the use of giving any thing to a beggar? One loses what he gives away, and only prolongs the mis erable life of the receiver.' And as a further outcome of such Inhuman heartlessness, the aged and infirm slaves were usually gathered together on an island in the Tiber and there al lowed miserably to perish. There could be no more Inviting field for the exercise of that charity which Christ had made the characteristic work of His followers thnn that which ripened up before the eyes of the infant Church of God, In this connection, and none to which she gave herself with more restless Heal, Collections were made every Sunday for the orphans and widows, the sick and infirm; at the time of the Deelan persecution, In the year 2*111, no less than 1500 of these were being' supported by the charity of the Church, and that, she regarded this work ns one of her most hallowed du ties is well illustrated by an Incident recorded in the life of St. Lawrence— when the Saint was led before the Ro man Prefect and commanded to surrend er the riches ol! his Church, he asked for three dar — .to gather them In. At the end of this time he appeared surround ed by the poor, the orphans, the aged, the Infirm, and' said, 'These are our riches; these are our jewels; these are the treasures which we prize.' Yes ( clear brethren, from her verv I first beginning on Pentecost Sun day down to the present tlm» i her organisations of charity have i ever been one of the most prominent \ features of the Church's enlightened . mission among men, which has forced itself upon the recognition of every im \- partial witness, and has won from no ? less unfriendly a critic than the famous '? Montesquieu the following avowal: — ? 'The Catholic Church, which was es tablished to provide for man's happi ; ness in the life to come, succeeds bet ? ter than any o.ther institution in pro 1 viding for his happiness even in this , life.' These are some of the many reflec tions which the great Festival of Pen tecost must always bring up for con sideration, and the impressive religious, function which has just taken place within your sanctuary is strongly in harmony with its highest spiritual sig nificance. In that function we had. only a fresh development or the active agency of the Holy Spirit of God, which began in the Coenaculum, 1S0O years, ago, and which shall continue through the sacramental ministry of the Church to the end of. time. We read in the Acts of Apostles that when the wants of the in fant Church called for the help, 'as the apostles were ministering to the Lord and fasting', the Holy Ghost said to them, 'Separate me Saul and Barna bas for the work whereunto I have tak en them;' then they, fasting and pray ing, and imposing; hands upon them, sent them away.' In like manner, dear brethren, when the declining strength of the venerated prelate whose privi lege it has been under God, and in obe dience to the mandate of the Apostolic See, to found this important diocese, and to create and guide that great re ligious development which has been in. active operation amongst you for th« past 31 years, needed the aid of a help mate, ? the Holy Ghost, speaking through the Vicar of Christ, sets apart the young ecclesiastic upon whom the plenitude of the priesthood has just descended, that he too may go forth to continue the apostolic work for which, his learning and prudence and high priestly virtues so eminently rit him. Accordingly the illustrious head of the Catholic Church in Australia comes here to-day, the bearer of the apostolic mandate to impose hands upon him, to invest him with a new mysterious power, to raise him to a new and sub lime dignity, to realise in him anew the words of the prophet. 'Thou shalt send forth Thy spirit, and they shall be created, and they shall renew the face of the earth.' Yes, dear brethren, when the consecrating Cardinal im posed hands upon him and annointed his head with holy chrism, the Holy Spirit came down to change him into a new man, to perfect inwardly in him what had been symbolised by that ex ternal rite; and entering into his soul he replenished it with the fulness of grace, and imparted to him the full measure of sacerdotal power, which constitutes the Bishop the image and likeness of the one true High Priest, 'that High 'i-rk-h1 that hay enicreu with .inid .jioua 'into the eternal sanctuary, and is the 'iJishop and shepherd of our souls.' The sacerdotal character has become Invest ed with new potency—an inward spirit ual energy--not inherent in the simple energy — not Inherent in the simple priest, in virtue of which the Bishop is empowered to transmit into others what he has himself received, and thus to perpetuate the apostolic succession in the Church of God, and to hand down, from generation unto generation, 'unto the consummation of the world,' the eternal priesthood of Jesus Christ, for the offering of sacrifice, and for the re mission of sin. In the ceremony of to-day this young priest has been made a successor of the first champions of the Cross who went forth from the Coenaculum on the First, Pentecost to renovate the world. He has become the guardian of their hallowed traditions, a sharer in the la bours, and an aspirant, to that Crown, if needs be, which became the well merited reward of their loyalty 1 ? their Divine Master. This timid priest becomes to-day a bravri and a vigilant .sentinel, whose duty it will be to take his stand of the watch towers of Israel, and proclaim ,'n ii'i uncertain sounds the approach of e-vc-iy threatening' danger, whose duty it will be to guard the deposit of divine truth with a, courage of heart and a '.itrength r.f will and a boldness of action that will show no wavering, suffer no compromise, shrink from no sncrlrteo, that the faithful fulfil ment of his trust may demand — for 'the Good Shepherd lays down His life Cm- His «heep.' He must feed his flock with the pure unadulterated food of sound doctrine, preaching the word1 of God In season and out of season, letting the brightness of his virtues, Or, Un-ht ,,f nte I'nlth. the wnrmth rf his charity, shine forth as a heavenly beacon before men to lead them In the ways of truth, ami justice, to the knowledge and service of God. His heart must expand in all sympathy with the poor and the afflicted, and his most anxious care be bestowed upon the lambs of the Mock, to secure for these little ones the blessing's of that religious edu cation that will train them in tho knowledge of religious truth, the pro ..fession of religious principles, the prac tice of Christian virtue, the fulfilment of those Christian duties that will mould them into God-fearing1 men and law - abiding- members of society. Such are some of the heavy respon sibilities which your young bishop as sumes to-day, and they may well awaken that lively apprehension Avith which the burdens of the episcopal office haA^e ever been regarded by the Saints. But I would venture to say to . him that he has much to inspire hope. He has firstly the call of Him who has said, 'You have not chosen Me, but I have chosen you, and appointed you, that you should go and bring forth fruit, and your fruit shall remain,' and if a wholsesome spirit of humility should still suggest thoughts of per sonal unfltness I would remind him that he is the successor of poor fisher men who had no learning save the knowledge of Christ crucified. He will have the wisdom and experience of thc Venerable Bishop of this diocese to guide his halting footsteps, and need 1 add how earnest are those wishes that go out from so many anxious hearts in this diocese to-day that that guidance may continue for many years to come. It was his master-hand that took up the scattered, fragments of the Church ?in this district 31 years ago and mould ed them into that fair strong1 compact body which we see it to-day. It was his active energy and large-hearted generosity that called into play those various agencies of good for religion, education and charity that dot the fair face of this diocese to-day, and render it such a smiling garden in the vine yard of the Lord. It was his enlight ened zeal and far-seeing wisdom that ?drew around him from the schools and colleges of the old world those earnest workers of the Sanctuary who have been his faithful lieutenants in scatter ing those seeds of faith and virtue that ?are to-day bearing such an abundant harvest of spiritual fruit for the glory of God of! the salvation of souls. Such is the chosen vineyard of the Lord on which the newly-conseci^ated Bishop enters to- day with so much promise, and as the helpmate of that aged Father who had the moulding of his early life and the guiding of his early ?aspirations. That Father Avho Avatch ed so anxiously over the ripening of that Avisdom and virtue of which in early youth lie had recognised the hope ful germs, and Avho rejoices to-day as no other may rejoice at the happy rea lisation of his cherished expectations. But there is another feature of the 'day's celebration which Ave cannot pass over in silence, as it is both unique in its kind and full of hopeful significance. 'The Australian Church to-day sees in the person of your young bishop the first of her sons attain the dignity of the Episcopacy. For the past 1.00 years '?Aer growth has been rapid and her development marvellous be ;yond a parallel perhaps. Her children have displayed a docility to her teaching, an admiration of her beauty and loyal attachment to her in ?terests which compare favourably with balmiest days of the ages of .faith. Her daughters have shown an apti tude in forming themselves1 of the high models of Christian virtues, that have been set before them, which has resulted in the production of some of the highest ideals of avo man's worth and woman's virtue, and woman's heroic devotion to duty, whe ther in the Christian home or under the shadow of the cloister. But the service of the altar has not thus far been so largely supplied with recruits from the ranks of her children. No doubt this reproach is fast passing away. The re cently-erected College of St. Patrick's at Manly has already begun to send forth its supplies to the ranks of the Australian priesthood, and the 60 young Levites ,Avho are at present engaged in pursuing their ecclesiastical studies within its walls give promise of a har vest of missionary activity oi which any church might feel proud. But the event which I claim as suggestive of deepest significance and radiant with brightest hone has taken place to- day, when one of her gifted sons has been ?for the first, timo raised to the episco pal dignity to take his place In the share in the guidance of her future council of her Bishops, and have his destiny. May we not take it as mark ing the opening of a new pnoch in the life of the Catholic Church j'i Australia, as an ausuicious ou curv of future advance of ln creasincr blessings, and of brighter tri umph of Christian truth and justice and enlightenment In this southern ln-ml, h* the harbinger of special benediction ior you who will be the receiver of its first fruits? Let us pray that it may be so'j that the young Prelate who has just been consecrated may in his future career realise all the hopes that have been formed, of his worth; that his days may be long and his labours fruitful, his triumph brilliant, so that, having mul tiplied the AA'orks of his minis try through the quickening guidance of the Holy Spirit, having served his God and cared for his flock and fulfilled his trust as a true soldier of the Cross, he Avill receive that crown which is thfc assured reward of the good and faith ful servant. Amen. After the sermon the relatives and imme diate friends of the Coadjutor - Bishop thronged to the altar-rails to tender their congratulations, and receive his episcopal blessing. His Lordship remained while there Avas a single parishioner left aAvaiting his blessing, and then all withdrew. The Master of Ceremonies were the ReA's. M. F. M'Aulid'p, B.A., Joseph Dwyer, and W. E. O'Reilly. 