j TOPICS OF THE TIMES. A CHOICE SELECTION OF IN TERESTING ITEMS. Commants and Criticisms Based Upor the Happenings of the Day — Historical and News Netes. A bunch of Louisiana rice shows a yield of 4,500 grains from a single seed. The submarine telegraph system of the world consists of 120,000 nautical miles of cable. At Amherst, N. S., recently, Rev. Dr. Hartley lost a valuable ring. He advertised but got no tidings until a dream revealed to him the fact that the ring was under bis bed, and he found it on one of the slats. In London the daily papers talk of bridges for pedestrians on street cross ings, where the crowds and the vehi cles now often make an impassible jam. This was tried on Broadway at Fulton street, New York, but the bridge was so little used that it was taken down. The grave of "William H. Crawford, who was United States Senator from Georgia "rem 1809 to 1813, then for two years Minister to France, and alter ward Secretary of War in President Madi son's Cabinet and Secretary of the Treasury under Monroe, is unmarked by so much as a tombstone. Gin Non, a Chinese merchant of Riverside, Cal., is about to return to China to secure himself a Avife, and in order to be allowed to land upon his return, he has drawn up a certificate setting forth who he is, and had his photograph pasted on the same sheet, Bud had the different county officials sign the document. The theorv that there was a connec- tion between Babylon and China in ancient times has much iu its favor, and as the idea seems to he growing in im portance it may be interesting to kuow that it Avas suggested by an American, Rev. William Frederick Williams, in an unpublished letter addressed to Rev. Leonard Bacon, D. D., and dated June 15, 1853. The document is preserved iu the library of Yale College. No objection Avas made to the mar riage of a young Louisville couple; yet, for the sake of romance, they executed a sensational elopement. They met by appointment at 3 o'clock in the morning and hoarded a locomotive for a country town. There they routed a justice out of bed in the small hours and were quickly made one. They then returned to llie city, where the bride roused her parents and introduced her new hus- haud. The Yassar Aid Society, whose ob ject if to promote friendliness among those win > have graduated from the col lege and also to help needy students, lieid its first annual meeting in New York recently. President James M. Taytor, of Yassar College, said that 8-12,000 had been expended by the trus tees of Yassar in the aid of students who were anxious to complete the course. The college, he declared, would spend in a similar way $11,000 for the present school year. The man who considers that the home duties of a woman are inferior to the 'political work of a man must he either a bachelor or blind. The very highest qualities of the heart and in tellect may he exercized by a mother, sister or elder daughter, in watching over llie physical, mental and moral growth of the eMldren iu her care. Heroic patience and vigilance that never tires, an adaptation of meaus ta tlie end, a careful study of individual traits, a keen psychological insight may fiud ample room for exercise within the four walls of even a humble home. A phetvy bird story comes from We tviile, Conn. In tbe summer ol 1889 Mrs. A. R. Bunvell found in her doe (yard a young robin wMch had fa ten and hurt itself in attempts to fly. She tenderly cared for it. and it in time became a strong, healthy bird. It be came quite tame, seeming to desire no g: eater freedom than the houBe af forded, and would answer at the whis- A orl «,i 11 of members of the familv. It lived i here for a year, when it was taken out of doors, and after hovering a-iuind for a wMle, disappeared. Last wee a the bird returned to the house ard voluntarily resumed its hospitable quarters there. Fifty years ago there was no reason to doubt the correctness of Bonpland's the ry, that the depth of the deepest sc.:: corresponds to the height of tha highest mountain; hut the supposed maximum of five miles has now been ! found to. fall short by mere than 6,000 fcc! at thiee different points — nearly midv.ay bet wee:: i he Island St-. Helena aud Cape Lopez, on the west coast of Afii.rn; sixty uiiln ; south of the Maldive Archi- ehigo, and in the "Group of Air, 'A.' 0 ," as Capt. Baudissin calls a number of remarkable depressions near the eadern exrreiiiky of New- Guinea. A aviutih: iu a cohlcmc-oi-avy is com- ulainiug tuat the tendency of current iter&ture; is to encouiage the belief in gliosis, says the London Pirk-Me-Up. This is, perhaps, a little swooping in ts charge, but there are, .esrtanny one Dr two papers that am.d-:hig their level best to make -us -L-e'.ievo that the wait of fhe cat on the dust-hole is the cry of the spirit from the vasty deep. Then there are two or three well-meaning, but painfully misguided societies that will send half a dozen representatives down to your place to get particulars of the ghost you hear inside your wall paper, and wMch subsequently proves to be the baby next door with indiges tion. Two and a half miles south of the little Mexican village of Las Hummet- tas, in Western Arizona, is a low, sandy valley, flanked by tall mountains, there is a hole about three feet in diameter and of unknown depth, from wMch a dense crowd of smoke and steam is con stantly arising. For 100 feet on each side of the hole the ground is moist aud heated. Water collected in the holes which has been dug in this moist ground has the tendency to make one very wakeful, besides giving the face, hands and feet a paralytic numbness. Every evening at 7 o'clock large vol umes of saud are sbot from the hold, preceded by a roar that can be heard for miles. The report from Germany that Prof. Koch has abandoned lecturing in conse quence of having discovered a cure for consumption hv inoculation will stimu late curiosity not only iu medical circles but throughout Christendom. Any scientist who professes to be able to rob this modern scourge of its terrors neces sarily becomes an interesting figure in tiiehig world. Prof. Koch's original experiments were apparently successful iu the identification of the character-- i3tic germ of this disease, although the re -nits were questioned by high medi- cal authorities. If he has now followed in Pasteur's track and discovered some effective means of inoculating patients against the disease, the development of liii curativA fsvstem will be watched with eager interest iu many countries. ... A publisher was saying, recently that the Chautauquau circle in this country is largely responsible for. the preaeut marvelous interest in JLiaiin and Latin literature. At no time within ii-'ty years have so many text-books, commentaries and translations been turned from t-lie press. The tendency of t he colleges to make Latin and Greek optional studios, instead of allaying this interest, seems to have excited ambition among budding scholars all over the i-ountry to master the dead languages. Since the first American translation of Virgil a year a two ago the publishers' woods are full of MSS. of Yirgils, Horaces, Ovids, and Lucretiuses. At least two other schools, besides Ann Arbor University and W ashington Seminary, are planning the production of classic comedies also. The Paris corespondent of the Lon don Morning Post says a curious story bus leaked out as to how M. Constans, ihe Minister of the Interior, managed to frighten General Boulanger out of b'rauce and thus bring an awkward sit uation to a climax. The minister knew tbat one of his subordinates was in daily formed Mm of everything that passed at the ministry. Knowing that Boul anger was restless, M. Constans scrib bled on a slip of paper: "Arrest B., It., and D. to-night." He then called iiis subordinate to give him some in structions and toyed with the slip of paper while talking. On pretext of be ing obliged to give an urgent order the miuister left Ms desk for a second and me thing was done. He saw by tbe face of his employe that he had read die paper. He then sent the clerk out on au errand not requiring haste. Soon after M. Constans received a visit from one of Gen. Boulanger's domestio3, whom he employed as a spy, that his stratagem had succeeded and Ithat preparation for a liight- had been made. FkotiI trifling inventions large for tunes are often made. The pen for shading in different colors yields an in come of $200,000 per annum. The rub ber tip at the end of lead pencils haj already made $100,000. A large for tune lias been reaped by a miner Avbo invented a inetal rivet or eyelet at each end of the mouth of coat or trousers pneket-s to resist the strain caused by he carriage of pieces of ore or heavy fcnnls An ommllv nsftfnl invAntiivn ia lie "darning- weaver," a device for re- airing stockings; under garments, etc., ;lio t-.aio of which is very large and in creasing. As large a sum as was ever Mai: ed for any invention was enjoyed by the inventor of the inverted glass : bell to hang over gas to protect the veilings from being blackened, and a scarcely less lucrative patent was that for simply putting emery on cloth. The gimlet-pointed screw has pro duced more rveaith than most silver mine.-:, and the American Avho first ihnughi of putting copper tips to chil dren's shoes has realized a large for tune. Upward of $10,000 a year was made by the inventor of the common needle threader. To the foregoing might be added thousands of trifling but u.-ofnl articles, for which large sums have been paid. The field of invention is largo, and open to everybody, with- ut respect to .- ex, age, or station. A iian iu New York has in Ms pos- -e-: inn a tin box full of stock certificates .ha! cost him $65,000, and are now nltei-'y worthless. ; Many ia- clever - gentleman has failed -> make his mark in life, owing to the -iiiiit a dress suit' " i 