THE PASTORAL CHARGE. | Tho annual meeting of Synod was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Monday evening, when evensong was ft aid. Tho liov. W. S. Milne, Precentor, officiated, And Archdeacon Morse read tho lessons. Among thoso prosent was tho Bishop of Goulbourn. Tho BISHOP of AdelaitiJ!, Right Rev. Dr. Harmer, delivered his Pastoral Address, The year was a year of noto; it was the thirteen - hundredth anniversary of tho landing of St. Augustine on tho shores of Kant; the sixtieth year of tho reign of Her Majesty tho Queen; the year of the fourth Lam both Conference; and of the Federal Con vention and Methodist Union. It was fifty yearn next St. Peter's Day when, with JJiahopa of Melbourne, Capo Town, and Newcastle, that wise master-builder, Augustus Short, was set apart in Westminster Ahboy to be the first. Bishop of this Diocose; and that tho Jubilee of the Dioceso was also the Jubilee of St. Peter's Collegiate School. lie exhorted tho Synod to initiate or complete something worthy of tho year, and alluded to tho thanksgiving services to be hold in relation to the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. On tho authority arid tho limitations of a Lambeth Conference ho q'soled the words of I5ishop Lightfoot when reviewing in his last public utterance tho legacy of the Lambeth Conference of 1888. Those words seemed to him to express tho tamper and the charaef,eristics of that branch of the Church to which they belonged. '' But it. may be'said : this was a very important and very suggestive gathering-but what was tho outcome? Did it leave behind any rosulfc at all proportionate to tin imposing spociaole? What questions did it settle, disposing for ever of the relations between Christianity and science, or between religion and politics or sosial life- questions of infinite perplexity, which are troubling tho minds of men in our own generation. | "Heaven be thanked, it did not lay down any formal dogma or infallible decree on any of "these points. There is eucii a thing as hastening to be wi^o, even in Church Councils and Conferences. Of all the manifold blessings which God has showered on our Kngiish iCffiurebrnonoflUre^iagteaterthantliO'pt'ovi 4ence whichilifts shielded tior frorn promaturo 4nd' authoritative statement's, wliiou soon or late musi. b?. repudiated or explained i&wiy;, however great may havobeen the temptation from limfe to time.' Tho Ohuroli of England is Bowheedireptly or indirectly fcommittod to tho. position that tho etui goes round the earth; or "that this world ? has only, existed for six or seven . thousand years; or - that the days . of - creation are days of twenty-lour hours -each; or that the scriptural genealogies . must always bo aoooptea as strict and continuous records of the-descent from father to son; or that tho sacred books wero written in every casoby those whose names they bear; or that there is' nowhero allegory, which men have commonly mistaken for history. On these and similar points our Church has been silent; though individuals, even men of high authority, have written hastily and incautiously, "Indeed, it would have boon tbo greatest of all calamities if, at tlio recent Lambeth Con ference, tho Church had departed from this position. If sho had dono so, she would hare sowuaferfcilecropof repudiation and subterfugo and prevarication for future generations to reap.. "She has preferred to confine herself to those grave moral and social questions with which our generation is invited 'to Uoal; sho has considered tho relations of the different ?branches of tho Church with a view to tho restoration of harmony and peace; and sho has suggested methods and lines of action which may With advantage bo pursued. But she has added no new dogma On these or on other points. Tha utterances of the Lambeth Conference are only authoritativo in. so far a3 the-judgmcnt of a gravo deliberative body, summoned as representatives of our Church from all partsof the earth, speaking and acting under the sense of no common responsibility, and seeking to bo guided in all tilings by tiio lfoly Spirit, havo a .claim to authority. In this senso I do not suppose that authority will bo denied them." He continued:-Tho English race has always boen attached to liberty. For freedom of action nrrd of thought she has been content in times past to shed her blood. Tho search for truth has boon to her an ongrossing passion; and this national feature, chastened indeed and consecrated, but not obliterated, is reflected in that branch of tho Church which issues frotn the Anglo-Saxon stock. The Latin temperament is different; it delights in lav/, authority, and order, evon though purchased at the risk of coercion. Tho prophecy in which lier greatest poor assigns to Komi; the instinct of government Applies to the Latin branch of tho Church to- day. Tn rc /crc im pcrio popv-los, Ilomaue, inoncnto. And tho logical result 13 the doctrine of Papal Infalli bility. This contrast botwoan tho tempera ment of tho Anglican and tho Roman Church results in a loss to tho one of dolinitenoss, to tho other of elasticity. Theso thoughts ariso naturally from the recent Papal Bull, AposMicac curac, in which the validity of Anglican orders has been'con demned. As you arc, of course, aware, fchis pronouncement was not the result of any appeal on the part of tho Anglican Church, noting through her Bishops or her housos of convocation, to the Church of Home to adju dicate upon tho validity of her orders. There was no rofereuce, therefore, to Rome as arbiter, no claim conceded to the detriment of our own ecclesiastical independence. Nor, again, was thoro any real hope that tho issue would havo been otherwise than has proved to bo the case. For tho concession of tho validity of our ordors would have ne cessitated logically tho abandonment of tho elaborate Diocosan machinery introduced into England by Cardinal Wiseman in 1850, when tho Roman Hierarchy was o3tablishod with a metropolitan See at Westminster and twelve suffragan Seas for England and Wales. That. Act had finally decided the question against Anglican orders, and decided in a way too public for retreat Still, in spite of the fact that tho decision was a foregone conclusion, tho Bull is interesting from man/ points of view. Wo rejoica to notico that wo find no argument based on tho Nag's Head fable, or on Bishop Barlow's sup posed lack of episcopal orders. Wo hail with sympathy tho noble passage towards the end, which in its scholarly Latin original, con trasting forcibly with tho bald periods of tho earlier ncctions, may well havo come from the pon of His Holiness liitnaelf, a poet and a master of Latin stylo, where tho appeal to a visible unity is affecting in its sincerity. Yot, taken as a wholo, the Bull shows little of that research which it claims in it3 opening sentences. Over and abova the ca3eof John Gordon, the re-ordained Bishop of Galloway, it refers to six documents at 'most, all of which were printed already and acsassibJo before the Papal Commission was appointed. Among these, one, an obscuro letter of Julius ILL to Cardinal Pole, forms evidently ono in a chain of correspondence between the Legato and the Pops, and alludes to tho faculties granted previously by letters from His Holinoss. Surely wo might havo ojcpocted that the correspondence would have been published as a whole, or at least tho faculties specified, assuming that they still exist in tho Vatican archives. I draw attention to these omissions in no critical spirit, but simply to show tho insuf fidietit data on which tho Pope ha? based his final condemnation. And when, further, We consider that tho weapon which has been chosen to sever the stem of our Church con tinuity, viz., tho temporary omission from our ordinalof tWwords " foe the riffico and work of .a* Priest" (or " Ji tfihopV)af ter Cb fret's" own formula, "ltaoairo tbo iloly Ghost," cuts off tbgetbei with us tho wholo Eastern Church and goes perilously tpar to invalidating tho Roman auocossion likewise, wo must indeed admit that Infallibility has a serious future boforo it when it pronounoorupon ittiperfoct historical evidence and. [boldly states its reasons. After all, Anglicanloye of liberty, civon though attended by some vagueness, may be proforablo to Roman love of defimtenesa, purchased at Such a pnoe' as this. I turn from this topic, which presents no .charms to mo, tb'co'nsidcr the subjects which will engage our attention during our forth coming session. Wo can, I think, point with satisfaction to the legislation inaugurated last' year, &3 denoting a desire to widen the scope and efficiency of our synodal action. The alteration in the Fundamental Provisions to extend to women the power of voting for the election of Synodsmen, and consequently under the Model Trust-deed of Voting at ! . Vestries, was passed last session, and only awaits the confirmation of the special call of Synod roquired under the Fundamental Pro visions. This will be our first act, and I trust tho resolution will ba decisively confirmed. Living as wo do in a oolony where fomalo suffrage in politics is already in force, it | appears to me to "bo imperative that wo should concede similar rights in our ? eoclesiasti eal polity, remembering the Apostle's declarations that in tho spiritual kingdom ''thorp is tinifchnr main nor f«roale; but ail are pjic in Christ Jesus." Again, tho wish which I expressed last yoar for a wider field of repre sentation in Synod appears likely to be realized to somo" extent by tho applications beforo the Kiection Committee from districts romote from Adelaide. 1 trust that theso jy.:t,i- ! tions will be met by Synod in a liberal spirit. ! There need bo no apprehension lost Adelaide and its suburbs should cease to bo the centre of gra vity of influence in tho Diocese. Jlufc wo desire to extend to the remoter towuships the fooling- of interest which co operation in our deliberations cannot fail tci stimulate. _ Taxation should carry representa tion with it, at least to a far greater extent than has boon hitherto tho case. Another pieeoof legislation to which I look back with satisfaction is tho addition of a Diocesan Com mit toe to act_ with tho local Patronage Com mittee in parishes which shall hereafter place themaelvos under tho Modol Trust Deed. Not strong enough numerically to exert a dominant influence, this L>ioeosan Committee will be able to socuro'duo consideration for the claims of hard-working clergy who may bo unknown to the local body. This altera tion is, of eourse, not retrospective; but I vonturo to susfgeft to parishes already under tho Model Trust Deed the desirability of amending their patronage clause so as to avail themselves of it. I take this opportunity of dra.ving special attention to that part of tho report of the Standing Committee which relates.to tho regulation of the Church of Eng land Endowment Society. This excellent Society, as you are woll aware, meets sums locally raised for jt-ho ondowmont- of any Church or district with grants of £30 for every £20 so subscribed, tho total grants not to exceed £300. Tho allocation of these grants rests with the {Standing Committee, which hitherto has used tho "preferential selection" (intrusted to it by the rules to classify the Churches eligiblo for grants from _ tho Society. In order to meet objections raised to this course, Standing Committee has docided to substitute a strict fchronological order of Churches so eligible, which will in future be endowed according to tho date of tho payment of the local contribu tions. Henceforward won 11-be donors to ; Churches may rest assured that, whether in a j missionary stage or as a fully constituted i parish, the district which they intend to benefit will receive tho supplemental grants as soon as its turn comes, provided that j that grant does not exceed in one year tho sum of £30. Tho general characteristic ! of this legislation is that which ought, I feel, to actuate us as Churchmen and as Christians, namely, tho development of our corporate unity and tho extension of the Apostolic precept- " Wo that are strong ought to bear tho infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves." A fresh opportunity of applying this latter principle conios beforo u«. not directly as legislators, but indirectly as Church people, in tho matter of the previsions for aged clergy who havo spent their strength for Christ's Church in this Diocese. Tho Clergy Annuity Fund is not an insurance society pure and simple, neither again is it a benevolent institution puro and simple. It is ft combination" of both principles. Its income is dorived on the one hand from tho paymont-s of prospective annuitants, on tho other from private contri butions and from the annual collections in Churches enjoined by direction of tho Synod. Hence it occupies a somewhat anomalous position, and its present rulc3 are not without a certain ambiguity. In adjusting the amount of annuities paid, one principle, that of tho number of years' payments, has to bo balanced with another, that of tho number of years' diocosan servico. I do not, however, wish to call attention to this point now. What I desiro to emphasize is tho present pressure upon tho funds of the Society and the need for immediate and gonerous assistance from tho laity. Two years ago the number of annuitants was two, now it i3 fivo; and as the availablo income has not materially increased a serious reduction in tho annuities paid is the inevit able consequence. Th<s reduction of nearly : fifty par cent, is, it is true, only temporary; | but it is serious indeed to thoiC concerned; and when we consider that they havo given their life's work to the cause of Christ's Church, we recognise another application of tho duty that "w.:thatare strong should bear tho infirmi ties of the weak, and not to please ourselves.'' Four Determinations passed by tho Goner,a! Synod come up for consideration, accompanied by a valuable report from the representatives j j o: this Diocese. On trie first of these deter minations, entitled "Amended Rules for tho ' Confirmation and Consecration of Bishops-,"a i word of explanation is neccssary, bncanse I notice that tho Diocesan Synod of Tasmania ] h:is postponed its consideration, owing to un- j certainty as to tho meaning of its language in ? one impoitant resppct. In lines 11 and fol- j lowing to tho wordi occur -" If tho Matrj- . politan or Primate, and the Bishops, or a j majority of Ihcm, bo satislied with tho ! fitness of tho person so e!-.:et'.'d . , . ; the election . . . shall bo con firmed, j Now, the Tasmatuan Synod could not decide.. whether or no the power of Absolute veto v/as j by tni3 sentence reserved to t.ho Metropolitan ? (or Primate), in other words whether tho j phrase "or a majority of thrsm" qualified tho whole sentence or only tho w>rds the , Bishops."' As this is an important point I j draw your attention to tlio official report of ! the proceedings (page 53), where you will ? notico that an amendment wa^ moved by j Canon Potter that tho w-vrds "acting; together, the Metropolitan or Primate, as the j ease may be. having a vote and a casting ( vote." be inserted after tho word "Bishops." ; Tho' intention of this proposal was ' to : rn\ko is clear that t'-ia Metropolitan (or Primate) had nn absolute veto, but only a easting vote. This amendment was carried in tltD Hmmd of Representatives, but thrown oufe in the House of Bishops. Accordingly; by I "tho constitution of the Gouer&l; Synod it wm 'lout. Tho inference, therefore, is that the in tent-ion of tho determination ae passed is thafe tho' Metropolitan (or Primate) should have an absoluteveto on the election of a Bishop. The three other determinations need no oomment. They ajrousoful, and I do not Anticipate that fchev will arouse controversy. Tho importance of the General Synod of last year docs not lie in the Determinations carried. As time goes on, and the constitu tion become) more established, Jjecause its value has been fully tested, wo may look for ward to Iuws and loss legislation, but more direct results. Loss time will bo ctoroted to tho machinery, and more to tho work which that machinery exists to produce. But those days are yet to come, and tho next General Synod will bo a meeting of special intorOBt, for tho reports of strong committees on tho | question of tho l'rituacy and of the legisla ilivo powers of tho General Synod wiJI l»3 fully debated, ...One noticeable feature in the rocont Synod was tho increased enthusiasm displayed for Foreign Missions, tho outcome of which was tho practically I unanimous vote to establish ac once a Bishop ric of New Guinea. Mainly through the - efforts of tho Bishops of Tasmania and Goul buru, the guarantee for tho Bishop's stipend has bsoii already raised, and I am glad to notico that our own Dioceso has borne its full share in this burden. Epreoption has, indoed, ' been taken to a guarantee for five years only: but tlio man who would hesitate to accept tho Bishopric on this account would bo lacking in f-onie of tho elements which wo look for in a leader. But 1 desiro to sec a mare thoroughly organized system than exists m this Diocese for interesting Church people, and children especially, in tho mission old generally. Wo cannot expect to have every year the advantage of a visit from ?tho Organizing Secretary of tho Board of Mis aions. May Mr. Bice's stirring account of the claims of Melanesia and New Guinea rosult in added in to rest and more extended activity. .Two of my Chaplains have undertaken to neb as Clerical Secretaries of these two special departments of mission work-lie v. V. W. "vViso for Melanesia, lie v. L. 1'. Crawfurd for Now. Gunoa. The Bishop of Tasmania's ? recent book, "The Light of Melanesia," . should lie in tho hands of every ono who do* sires to learn what Christianity is practically accomplishing in the islands of the .Southern Bcas. It will do moro than instruct us, for ib will stimulate our faith in the living presence and power of Christ through the Holy .Spirit in the Church. And indoed wo need encouragements to con front tho religious apathy which seems to have settled liko a blight upon this continent. Last yoar wc had evidence of this in tho result of the referendum on religious education. This year over a wider area tho Federal Convention tells tho same tale. When shall wo have tho ? courage, not merely as individuals but as a ? nation, to confess the fai:h of Christ- crucified, and to recosfiiwe that the God to whom wc owo our personal life is the God who presides over our national welfare also? How often shall that well-known text be misapplied to claim Christ's fancied sanction of an imaginary dis tinction between the things of C;>j:;»r and the things of God, as though God had abn-n- ' doncd His sovereignty over education or over polities? When shall we lean* that tharo is notlriig secular winch is not sinful? Christ did not draw a line be tween the things of Ciesar and the thingo of God. No: He pointed from tho narrower sovereignty of tho ono to the universal claims of tho other. '"Ye do right," JUe said, "to pay into Cesar's treasury what has issued tr.'in Cfesar's mint. Bo far, so good. But what nro you yourselves Rave human coins, stamped with the image hnd superscription of God? liendor, then, yourselves to the God from whom you came forth," Brethren, tho immensity ot the work to be accomplished would paralyse us were it not that we believe implicitly in the eternal in dwelling of the Holy Spirit in tho Church. Wo behevo in our credentials, in our ministry, our sacraments, and our mission. But as long as we allow local interests to interfere with tho expansion of tho Church, or as long as our idea of that Church is confined to a few "Church families" who happen to contribute effectively to our organization, so long shall wo fail to carry out tho purpose of our existence. There is still much land wait ing to bo possessed. The phenomenal growth ? of Adelaide and its suburbs within the last few years calls for a corresponding develop ment in our machinery. 1 rejoico to realise that, taken as a whole, tho existing Churcltcs were, never bettor filled, the town parishes never better manned; but in tho material fabric and in the spiritual agents alike we re quire new extension. Two sites for Churchcs have been already acquired-ono by purchase at Hawthorn, another by gift at Keswick, I trust that buildings will aiise speedily. Let ( hem bo worthy of a Church of high ideals and largo hopes. In Church buildintr tho country, ' in spite of distress and ponury, has set a noble example to the city. Mmlaton Church cleared of debt and dedicated; a chancel built afc .Salisbury and tho Church dedicated; a new Church, built, at Hamilton and consecrated the gift of Mr. Henry Dutton; another new Church licensed at A ppila-Yarrowio; another again at Fort. MacDonnell: a Church com manced at Goyder. This is indeed a satis factory record in this year ot .South Aus tralia's greatest, drought. I'ort Adelaide has built the Trafford-.Smith Memorial Church. Let Adelaide now show what it can do. Wa may look for some help from tho Marriott Bequest; but not for much. The main part of - our efforts must bo our own. Lot us only realize that the strengthening of a part is the strengthening of the whole, and mako this Church extension scheme comprehensive and widely supported. Jam glad to notice thafc this Synod will be asked to reappoint tho com mittee constituted some years baek on the spiritual condition of Adelaido and tho suburbs. ICven more than rew Churches new agents aro want/"!, if we arc to make ourselves felt aft all a« a spiritual force within tins colony. Yes, there is much leeway to bo made up; but tho ship, I think, is going a littlo faster now. I : obscrvo a reassuring increase in the humberof Sunday scholars, while in our day schools, St. r.-ti-Vs, Adelaide, school for girls, and tho . I.ViItouey-street school for boys, have reached their maximum. The Kilburn Sisters aro doing noMo work, and their High School in .North Adelaide h'"<i leapt to forty-five, and no w promises nro required at once. St. Peter's Colh-giatc School needs more masters and fresh class-rooms to meet the press of numbers. All this is as st should be, for if we aro to gain a h<dd any where, let. us seek to gain it on tho young. Again, the two great societies foe wnmss-the Girls'Friendly Society and tho Mothers' Union-ean register satisfactory pro gress. S'iowly we gather strength; the w.irkors sink in the conflict, but tho work gojs forward. In conrhHnn, the Bishop alluded to the deith of O.v.inv! Coomb", and of tho Re*.*. O. Hawkins, and the retirement of the f-evs, W. II. \fudio »nd W. A. Campbell, tho increase of loo-illy ord»in?d e'erry, and his aiirircaehing visit to Lugkn.d tor tho Lambeth Conference. 