THE POET'S WE. "Do yon see that couple sitting on the ise&tat; the far end of the gardens? That Is Hubert Wray, the blind poet, and tus wife. They liare a house on the mountain side, and often coine-here to enjoy the view over the lake. Wc will walk isrnid the path, so '(hat you may see btm . (cluse {it hand, He is almost as intflrest- 3n# la himselr as in his writings. 1 ' "Ah! 1 should like that: He ił; * fine "f-ellow, and T aja almost more aiii&ous; to eee his wife tSau himself. She suusl be one woman Is a thousand, to i»Sge from all she has dene for hiin.' My friend i;lan««d at m® beneath l>enl brows at CM*«us IOOK. aad out' which implied much. In an iasiariv I infivrzvd thai any •expectations conepniiug . Mrs Wnj were doomed to fifed ppaintuient, and yet, as one of the most ardent the 'poet's disciples. I ha© flattered ni;-- «eC tht* r knew all ftat an outsit w might -'t.bo;it his pm-iitt life, f TŚttterrrt W ray had Hlrvady nude 'ils łfniirk -as tłio most ftiroinising of Tjie Cyohttjter poets when a long-drełdod *5atitslro]>he closed his eyes and wini- ^tWS hiin iTTOa tBe- woi'ld of teauty • -*«rftfch he loveA. 4to blow wrrs^rrusti- 5u"g, and threatened to devastate liis life. Its bird uw sins wifli'si bis -•darkened a®^ lie^andered aboat from • <®ne place te Ttnotti'r. accompanied only aby a fairiM manservant. sbllKuing tie -^society of Site Śfloffs, anfl 'brooding ^Sopelesaiy na his loss. Then, Litter ś& years of losdy misery, • be met Sfee -wtehan who- now his wife. Saie hail been to bita as the re- \- coveiy rft "Sight, and the wwsls in which his lair: volesjes of poems had been • <ledica«t£ shared the rfmest idolatrous •worsittł' Witt which hf- regarded her rn return. Ifcir^iret Wrey>S=id Ions livefi • in my SnisgS-Lation as tin.' ideal woman, and ®tv,-'in"a inoineut 'trat keen, "silem glan-ce "had shattered Itf illusion juiS left inr; orpf-c-t:\nt of ^JlRappoiatment. I lint gashed -wifli deepssiing cariosity srtHUe poej and liis wife ws flaj* sat oa ^s*. seat bp.r<w-e 5.s. Praia their position *isi>y might li»ve : pa/au5d fftr lovers, for tlie two figures; Intfljtled towards each otlier with Yimt air >5f 'absorbing ftiri-Tesr in <-ou-i versnihm on hnjid which is not oftenseen i in"* a married <«oup]e of sewn ">v eight ycirs* staaaffirg. while the sound of awoinanV imrsiml laugh rang ».itr jwafliS then, flowed by sniit a t łien-ry-e^ho as Save the pleasatnwst ^nrajieo of the poll's happiness. Afevr yards further and 1 emalii-Xse the fclrsn-cat ftótures wirh whit-h (he iflsotogaphs had usade me familial-, -„nil Jirarapid glant-c.assure myself tliai'his wife possess* jl luxuriant hair, anil a figure <if ivnrisnal frraee xnd symmetrj-. Sh®-was IjeańeStL after all. I tol6iaj-- self, but ev<si a.s the thousiir passeil ilinonjdi my BBSnJ. she. turned her <Es.ce •towariSs me, and I felt an instant shock ot rcyinlsiori. Tlie eyes were alijrht •Kith : life. J ei the effect which her appearance n- ode .upon the beholder was modi the s ame as that caused tire wnexpet-ted sjjria of a face from TVhich' the liirht of im»31ect lias faded- -Au'in- •deern}).-] blc. tmend was upon ir. sad the cisrht left i ne cold and tremblins. AVc walk ie»lifi.i? full length of ihr-:paHj, 1 then I til' ueł] and looted at nty ram-, panion. •"te God' IsajŁcie. jrhaj is it? TVii.H is the Biatte '.'iś.- defo CTBC-c face. P.wr fliiusr-J i a, pitiful ob i^-t. A stroke. I should sav,-. caused b; 7 a sudden chill or shock. One; ciSe of th efaec- is twisted, and wheuśht- i epesiks tt te coniortion is increaseS. Ter-5 rib'.y tra; ęiii- fur she must have been -e' hac2som- «• woman before it happened.! Tlie profi fle 5s =t>eautiful]y cut." "Sind 1 Łatfe Margaret Wray, Sabert ; HFrev's irtfe!—the man whose prevaB-'J ing passi (on is love of beanty, who lias a TBorbii i -isonor of ugliness, asd even In this b liDftness cannot endure to live among -t -he -so^iid surroundings -of —But 1 ie'csainot see her, remember. Ko ton iiis eyes open cwfiB'bare mcrried «tteh a woman: but she is -a pefleot ( «mpaaion, and has mafie his happiness." ;l'€taye< i for -some weeks in the hotel, and ł»efo re I left the unexpected had happened , fot-1 had made the acquaintance >of t! lepeet, and enjoyed stnneimemorJble c snrersations. in which I was more.and more charmed with his personaSty. He 1 Iffl-fi "heard that my name was sinong the Kst of visitors, and as some; of my liter ary efforts had been fortunate, -enough to atrrsit his attention, tad expressed a Jvish to receive me ait 'his 5»ouse. " 111 lisrSng him I naturally saw", much of his wife. She shrank from me 1 at tun with fte shyness whWh she. •«how/Si to all iStrangers, but when she •found tliat mj • society gave her hus- •feand Measure. Łer reserve melted, -and 43he gjtłe me a kindly -welcome. •If. I.had been felind like Wray, I most iave, Jeved her loo, for her voice iwas asugś: in its soft, full cadence, aud of ail .women I har« met she possesses .the. greatest charm of eonversation. A few,, apt, happy words. And the scene—the iu-; dłvtduuJ--the sitnation, stood out before thc <epesui£ in a pfic-ture. She had fhe power of seizing file salient point of a sanative, and misting out unnecessary detail ;.,*-Lile every now and then out fiasbad - spark -<of humor, so fcaee, ifoesh.asi scintiBLting. that the nearer-cocld not restrain his delight Wray's. melaiichtrfy vanished in her comjiany £s a mist iiefvre the s»3. Half a dozen tim«c. in:tfe course of a convei-satian. he ROałd-nirn towards me, bis sightless/ epes.-flppeglicg for syscjiathy 111 big deligbtaaiad^Trtfie. "Isc't-she »ronderfnK" he would ay. "Most people walk blindfolded through the «"tn3d, : JH!t-3farjearat-«3ees everything^ She weaves a *tory ont<ei the most cot»- monphioe materials, and she shares everpthaig wMj me. I JsefeiJgain through her tgfes?" Heoftes-fefaxed ttr hue SSindness. and that in<ssch an open, nst- sral manner! that ooe rttay l ventured to -a.sk if there I TOE aay ibope- that his sigh', could be restored. His face fell. "Not mowT" b&gaid.; "Thei<eivas once. An ocufitit-.proposed an openiSon A few years ago: "It was performed, but was unsuccessful, land that settled-she qnes- , Hon for fife. -Nothing mom, can be -jdone." I murmured «ome words of sysipathv . rfor wiat Most Lave b&en; a crnieS disap- ' ^ointment. "That was iereible—almost worse than •the first blixdsess. The reuevei of -Łapę. the suffering, the secspense—a®i for nothingr • ,4 So, not fortMHaSng," he said quicfclv. "I ;iad my rewanŁ" He put out fcfs hand with a pułtetic, gnojing ge ^nd "hiid it on his «$fe's shonlder. 'Xz was worth it all. Ley land, for I had e ^ew -moment's fight; I saw the sky <«ga3o, the green <eartb, and, what 3 Jonged for most of all, my wife's beau- I had never seen ber—Smait—my own "wife! But -Ovd gave yoe -iłot gjtmijse, and I fisn satsgSed- I woidd hare born any suffering to hare jknown that ®omenL" " Hvguet -Wyayand I sat eitait, gazing at esch other. Her face wodted iapiti- :fal coamlsioa. ifhe dark eyes- besoqght \- mine, humble, flavoring,. like those of \- ,«n aęiijial ln p^L. I could not meet • .^tat gtanee^ifd keep my composure. Hie .-ifabe before my sight, and -WSCEFAWPRED AS JL^OKE. fn| ^^rea^orinnate man, .Way. Ton : Jave tJie best ?lft tbst ltós'warid can e," Sonii time aftet-Wstós I beatd the strsjige and pathetic stoty of this Incident in tlie j)oet"s life, which I now give as nearly as possible as it was told to me. In the sixth year of Hubert Wray's blindacss he was spending the summer in one of Itie smaller motmtain. hotels in Switzerland, where he was out of the run of the ordinary toaiist, and could secure the qajet which be coveted. IŁe mood of brooding mdamiioly had settled ttpon him, and he kept aloof Erbm the other visitors, sitting for hosts upon «=Seat on the temrc& his hands clasped on his knee, his head hanging forwwni on his chest. 'ine morning as fee sat thus-'a rustling of garments Game to his ear: he was iisrare that a Udy had seatee herself be- •óde him. and preseatiy a voice address- «*d him by name. "Will it disturb you. lit Wray, if I sit here foe a -tew mineftes? I think we share a weakness for this erat. There is no other in tlie garden so oomtortible and so ddightfidly slttfated!" The twis 'Were commonplace, hot the voice charmed W ray's sensitive ear, and the desire to bear it again snptrsefiefi his disinclination for eonversasian. He turned towatfts thespcaser, anfi saiS, wistMly: "Please- ftoa't let me drive away. IVrfcapK 5 feave UeeD selfish ia menc^othe łłefet pŁiCe. Any wodld <V> -equally weIl ; for me. I caatictt -see thr. view — ""Sha'n '5 show it to you?" she said Wad beferc he cóold answer she "began to pniutihe scene beSorc them in ijcautiffc! "glowing wonSs—fte lake, with she rfSectton >of the mountains ;£kn>wn : aiToss the-blat-; the little steamer round- 5US tin har.-ntA smoke Inarinous in the •suiiliiht: the nearei- heights green with the Wrdirn; r C summer; due- solertxi pines rislift; the saow-peaks -towering into the -sky. The <3ouds "drifting awess the sun. dappling the mountain Ki'drs witii lipht and shade: sht describ- «i -feicU fTi^sli effect as It appeared, and' he gftisjw.l it with 4ns 'keen, noetic sense. T he scene took sbape\>ofore his lie-saw it so rfesrij- that he treni- Ified as he sat, and his heart "beat in his eai-s. -Sympathising frientte tried '10 jvehomj this office for him "be'fore now willi'fljshiwrtenius results, bsii this'-vonian lent him her own errs, and as he H-tCoVi the words shax>ed themselves intoi-.-r stately measure, and the JoRt-sift óf sotig fame back to IPTe. 'Atw this they met /fa"By, and spent SUSTIT; wandering logcrjicr about the mountain side. He woafierod often how it teippenwl that a woman of such fasirtttarion should share his own 'distaste 'for-society, but it was not a characteristic which lie was inclined .0 "deplore, "since she never disguised the pleasure '•"briiich she felt in łńs <ooinpany. Conceive what ir. must have'been to a, woman in her position! To have been ijeautiful, to know Saesself possessed of exi^'ptional charm, to find liei-self at one stroke marked out from the rest of the world, an object of pity aridTejialsion; aud then to be brought in contact with a master mind to find all that she had longed for in the way <compsiaonship and sympathy, and that in one whose eyes were mercifully closed to her affliction! Once more sfne was young aud beaut-fui—once more she eońid receive the tribute of admiration so "dear to a woman's heart: she "Kloomfn into fresh eh:ma })eneat}i the enetanlicg experience. while "Wray sat euthralldfi. feeling old hopes and ambition revive with every hour spent in "her company. One day he asked her to write a poem at his dictation, and when she expressed her delight he turned his sightless eyes upon her and said. "It is more yours tiian mine. 1 have nor written for years, but you gave me the Qiought, = and the words, and the courage to l»egin afresh. 'He was sileut for a moment, tiien added. hurriedly, and with an embarrassment which told its own tale, "Ton have shown me so much.. will you show me one thing more—yesar own/fsei:? May I pass my fingers over it lor a moment, so tliat I may be able to think of you as you are?" She bent forward instantly, .presenting to him the uninjureS side óf: Łer face, and setting- her features in. rigid stillness. The sensitive fingers .tonelied the •waving hair, then gently, -reverently, traced tlie outline of the profile, the aquiline of the nose, the fell lips, the chin with its curve and dimple: Her Lice •was deathly white the .while, and heartbreaking in its agony of suspense, but the tonch revealed only the".beauty of outline, and gave no Lint of 'disfigurement. •Thank you!" he eaia, faintly. " You are very beautiful. I knew it "must be so but I shall never see .you. ..... .-If I could have one moment's sight, I could choose to see your rfsee, itha t I might have it with iue in the darkness." He had never spoken so plainly before, and the day came wiiea -they -were to start on separate paths, rand -still no words of love had been exchanged, it was only when she gave liim her hand in farewell that WcayVs .composure failed. and he stood before ber in the garden •path—white and trembling wirh amotion. 'If I were a man," fce-ctied. "and not a maimed, helpless log, I would not- let 3TOU go? You have gives me fresh lift; I love you as God's own -sunshine, but: it would be a sin to bind you.down to:a flattened life." -•Then, as I am a woman;" she said, bravely, "I ask yon to Jetsae-stay, for I sfcall be bound indeed, if 1 am away from you. and the sunshine Saves to light tbe'aark places—" 1 So they were married. aaA for the nest; live, years lived a life- of onbroken hap4 piness. Their home w a* -situated in the; depths of the country, where Wray devoted '-himself to writing- niih all the -added ->pewer which he had -g&ined; by years of-Battering. Fame came to him, and -words of appreciation from -far and near. If- Iio had willed he might have "been-o- -liqn In society but he preferred to irre in seclusion, visited from time to time "by -suoli friends as had Łeem-proved J and tested. On the first Introduction to Us .wife, these visitors expeiienoed Shock of surprise and repulsion; but after a rfewda;-s spent in her company, tier mentally -congratulated Wray on th* perfectness of the companionship n-SSci] lie had seenred, and rejoieod mot« in the happiness of a sireet end good woman, ipoost cruelly affliet<«L At the end of five years a chance meeting ia an Hotel threatened to tvin tae peacefiabtoss of- ilflfjraretWiayTś life jl young oenlist intontuced himself to the poet's ooQee, asked permission to make an examination, and gave it as bis opinion that while cateract in ooe! eye was beyond cure, em operation might probably testae sight-to the other. ; It was the first glhmsering - of hope: which Wray had known. lie was wildly excited-eager to be treated without dJelav: full of joyfiul aptidgations; but to" Us wife the tidisgs camels a warrant tor her own doom. She knew her husband's weaknesses by tills .tune as well as virtaes: Ms shrinking from all; that was painfol. bis craving after; beast? in every shape. At the best the sight «£ her deformed face mast be a cruel Asiilusion; there were moments when eke doubted if his tore would out-1 lire the shock and the knowledge (fiat she had wilfully fostered a false lmpres- «on. - * • .. .. Tte operation was performed, and dnr-; lag the nest-two dajfs Wray*s eyes wasi Oęe&y; bandaged. They were the longest dajł whleh Maigawt had erer Known, i»ot they camg to aa end at Ia6t Tlie' hom- arrived when the dressings wers to 1 be removed, and the wife sat -waiting without in such an agony of suspense as falls to the lot of few mortals "to endure. The doctor glanced keenly at her as he touched her ice- cold hand In greeting, and was so much alarmed by her appearance that be despatched the nurse to sit by her side during the critical moments. She was a tall, handsome giri, whose ac- : 1 -ŁL .a Tłł——~ —.^ quaintance with the Wrays was of some years' standing, aad because she altered into the wife's feelings with a woman's understanding she made BO attempt to speak, but only took the cold hands in her own and held them is sympathetic grip. Margaret Wrsy -stared at her for somj moments with vague, unseeins gaze, but gradually the young face, so beautiful tu its mood of "softened tenderness, woke •a throbbing memory in her turn heart, Something like this she herself had been toefore the Wow fell which iad shat-: tered her life. The luxuriant hair, regular f«SJares, and weJl-ninrked brows made the "resemblance something mere than a f/ascy. and it seemed to the poor woman ss if a ghost of "her own pŁst bad risca to add freAi "bitterness to tier hour of "humiliation. She looked pit! fully fit the girl, h«r "nee£ of COIL fort forcing her into speech. has never seen me. He knows nothing—and we ihave 'been so teppy. If tós sight comes "back lie will l«re me no longer. It crai^be^fce end!" "Bear Mrs Wusy, .don't say Don't lenyouj-solf dunk such things. Xou wrong your hnfJband. Even if fie were disappointed at first, "it could make, no real ;-dtfferenct. He could not change aKter all these years;" The wife sŁook iier liead -witl; the sad Bess of settłed conviction. "He is a man," sbe said, ^'and has the artist in cure. "He -would love the memory of ihe wife whom ke has imagined. but every sight of my face would be a fresh shock. He would shrink from me nsore anS more. "We would drift apart. 1 'doii't blame him. It is his nature. He cannot help iL"' t The girl UTtea "htT hea'd.-LS if about to speak, but tlie worids died on hei' lips. The chill "in her own blood, the instinctive repulsion which held her back when slit mostlonged to comfort proved too surely the truth of the wife's prophecy- So 'the two women sat in silence until the-door opened and the doctor entered. He advanced" to the-spot where Mrs Wray sat, His professional reserve giving way to pure human sympathy as he realised what this woman was suffering. "He can see, "Mrs "Wray," he said, gently, -"but i must-tell you that I am not satisfied. . . . "ęhere are symptoms of inflammation and I fear the sight will not last. I have told your husband my opinion, and that the eye mast be re-bandaged without delay, but before that is <ione he asks—he has sent me—he is anxious to see you." The wife looked, at him, -and her face was tke 'face of a 'dead woman. "You -say—the sight—will not last?" "I fear not It'is most improbable. I san oriiy say 'I'bitterly regret having caused -xliis disappointment and—pain'! Mr Wray is naturally agitated—you need not stay with him more than a minute: Tiut I fear he will not be satislied until he has-seen you." Margsref's eyes roved round "the room like those rfr a hunted animal, and as they did so they lighted on the figure of the nurse, strknnng forward in an attitude of anxiety, her face all tearful and quivering. She rose from'iier seat with a sudden inspiration, an'd gripped the girl by Sie shoulćer. "Yon-wili help me!" she gasped. "Ton can! Tou must! It may be only a moment. trad J cannot, cannot ruin his Hfe and lnine. . . 1 have no one but Km.' . . I. must keep liis love, or I shall die. .. Ton must go and see him In my place. . . 'Too are beautiful. He will be happy remembering your face, and jjra need-not speak. . . The doctor will bmng you away before he suspects!"' While she spoko, her fingers were busily engaged in undoing tlie cap and i apron which the-nurse wore as badges; of her office, and when tb's was done, she held them out-with trembling hanćs, as tliocgh mutely asking that they, should "ne fastened- on herself. "But, "Mrs Wmjvthis is not necessary.. Spare yourself this at least. If nurse takes yuur place, "there is no reason why you should distress yourself Iły going into the -room." The doctoris voice WHS not quite- steady as he spoke, but Margaret's look was full of reproach. "Do you think'I-coold stay away? ff be has not seen me, neither have I seen him wrfli 'his -soiH'ln his eyes. I most go. It -will be -something to remember all my life. The poet lav on his lied in the darkened room. "The "blind of the further window srss raised to half its height, and through it could be seen a vista of green "boughs waving against the blue. He .was looking towards it, bnt, as the doctor led the nurse to the bedside, he ruined quickly, and gazed into her face. His eyes were dim anfi bleared and he held one hand before them as ^ough in pain, but with the other he drew her down nearer and nearer, until -the dark -young face was close to lus own. ""Margaret!" he eriefl, and his voice was a song of triumph. "My wife! my beautiful WiWl" A -sob of contentment broke from Iris throat -He let his head fall back on the pillow, and held up his lips with a Winsome, childlike gesture. 'Kiss me, Margaret!" For one Instant :tbe girl hesitated, but only one; "then, "in fall sight of the onlooklng figure,-£he bent her head, and the poet's lips pressed hers in a close, lingering kiss. Margaret Wray neither moved nor epdke: It was the nurse whose self-possesSion failed, and the doctor hurried her 'from the room ia mo- mentary fear of .disooveiy. Outside in Use sitting-room -lhe two wrsmen faced each other, silent and trembling. Tfeen -suddenly -the girl binst into a torrent of-tears, and, throwing"iher arms loand SSargarefs neck, kissed her passiosatdyon cheek £nd lip and '.brow. "Take it back!" *he :«>bbed. "Tcke it backs It is yours—he <meaat it for you. He loses yog only. He -wili love yeu as long as he IivesP' \- But Wai-garet Wray -ores a true woman. tine stood rigid beneath the -embracing arms. and her. Hps ®efnsed tosreturntke<c-*ress. * * • Tha-doatot's prognosSeafitms proves to be too «£9I founded. The" inflammation increased rather than <fiininlshed. When next tlie dressings wene removtd, Wray'a si^ot had faded so aaanch that fee could just tf ctinguishe bebraen night $sd-day, aad J»y degrees the <3arkness •dosed around biaa, from whlefa there was no hope of-eseape. It was a bitter Reappointment, bat he bone it bravely, łrilfaout any i-fiapse into the hopeless despondency of łhe past,' and when lie aJtoded to the incident it was rather tn a BĘlrft of thankfulness than of repining. • "God was good. -Hie gave me BIT: heart's desire. Z saw the sky again and; the green earth. and ray wife's £ice—her beautiful face!" i Then be would stretch out his fcand tD find she tnmed to the listener, craving itlg silen<3e with pitiful eyes. Tt says much for a world whleirls of-: ten calledby hardtsames that throngi;- out their trardBngs together osithen ma u nor woman WAS found cruel enough to shatter Wray's illusion, or to breathe a word to destroy his dream. The story of the blind post who believed so firmly in the beauty of his afflicted wife touched the coldest heart, and wpn for both a tender, pitiful regard. So "they, live in peace and happiness, and every night of his life Hubert Wray thanks Keaven for the fretuembrance of his wife's face: while Majparet, kneeling beside her b;l, cries :.... to »... <}od that, «l . of _r His „:.. -mercy, He Tin will -n-ill give Iwtck to her in H-eavra her vanished beanty, so that Hubert. =whom she loveas, may isot be disappotówŁ— "Tit-Bits." 