OLD SYDNEY. ANOTHER LANDMARK GONE. Buttel's Butchery, Some Interesting Reminiscences. Where Tawell Traded— The Old Sydney Grog Shops-Some Warm Corners Ned Trickett as Boniface — 'Old Chum' as an Artiste— He Rivals Barnum In the 'Wax Figger ' Line, and ' Doubles Up ' as Pantaloon. (By 'Old Chum.') Ths old land- mirks of Sydney are fast dis appearing, the latest to go being the build ing in Pitt-street recently occupied by Mr William Buttel, the well- known family butcher, who has the proud distinction of supplying vice-royalty with 'real prime' cuts and joints. It must not be thought that Mr Buttel has retired from business. Not much, be has simply gone into new premises in Castleieagh-street, where he still thrives. A crowd of memories hover round the old spot. Standing in the door of Truth's Office in Pitt-street, either way, for a couple of hundred yards, may be seen the former sites of scenes in the late sixties and early seventies. To go back a little, right opposite is the site of the chemist's shop kept by the NOTORIOUS QUAKER, JOHN TAWELL. This Sanctimonious scoundrel was originally transported for forgery. He had been a commercial traveller in England, and had some experience in an apothecary's shop. His tirst billet in Australia was as a wards man in the1 Rom' Hospital. On obtaining his 'ticket' lie opened a shop on the spot opposite, and became the principal druggist. After a prosperous career lie sold the business to Mr Ambrose Fuss (who lieB under a very handsome monument in the old cemetery opposite the Railway Station) for no less a sum than £14,-JlJ0. The business was in the kandB of Edward Bow and Co. in the early seventies. Tawell's private residence still stands in Hunter-street, near Macqnarle etre'et. Close by, right opposite the Legisla tive Assembly Chamber, he built a cbapel, over which 1 hare read the inscription— « John Tawell. TO The Society of Feiends.' I believe tbs Quakers, who repudiated Xatreil, refused, the gift, and the property passed into the handB of Air Burdekin, who some years ago demolished it and built upon the spot a fashionable house. Tawell was eccentric, without doubt; In a lit of temperance ardour he committed the in temperate set of emptying 600 gallons of mm into the water at Circular Quay. By influence, he, a convict for life, was allowed to visit England, where he married a highly respectable lady, who was probably unaware of his history. He had, how ever, two strings to his bow. He had a mistress at Slough, whom it Was necessary to part with, lie took a short method of doing so, giving the unfor tunate woman some poisoned porter. The neighbors discovered the woman in the agbnles of death, and had also seen a man in thS ghrb of a Quaker leave the house im mediately before. The police traced him to the railway station, whete he had taken the train to London. The electric telegraph beat him badly. A description Was wired to all the stations en route, and on arrival in London Tawell was secured by the police, and paid the penalty on the scaffold. Tawell was the first criminal captured by the use of the electric wire. At the corner now oc cupied by Will Fitwell was the OLD RAINBOW TAVERN, kept by a decent old Bydneyite named Toogood. The house became afterwards the property of the old-time sculier, 'Jim' Punch, who made in it coin enough to satisfy the most greedy. The opposite corner, now known as Vfarby's, was the OLD-FASHIONED LIVERPOOL ARMS In its bar were several cozy ' pews,' where the brain-weary pressman could sit and ' cogitate and sip his 'half-pint of British 'or ?ram hot with just a squeeze of lemon in it.' This was the house where Ben Falmer, Mayor and Alderman of Sydney, and father in- law to Dick Xecce, of the A.M.P. Society, made his pile. The landlord in the seventies was J- B. Moore, who also gathered in much coin. Mr. Moore has been many years re tired, and looks to-day as if he could assist George Keid with utu enough to wipe out thiB year's deficit. The Liverpool Arms was the resort of pressmen engaged on the ?Evening News,' the offices then being aldngside the building now being pulled down. Memories crowd in of Joe Lee, poor old Wilkes, the original Sydney ' Flaneur,' J. H. Feat, and many others long since gone to the ' happy hunting ground. EUfiLY. BLUFF. AND EENIGN OLD SAM BENNETT did not patronise the ' Liverpool,' but he was much discussed therein. Many anec dotes were told of him in the 'pews.' Joe Lee, I remember, once succeeded in getting a new rig out from head to heel. In his pride he invaded the private Sanctum of old 6am, and pirouetting like a ballet dancer, said; 1 Well, Mr Bsnuett, how' do I look !' Bam looked over his spectacles, gave a grunt, and Said, ' 1 aru afraid you are doing too well ; -I must reduce your salary.' Joe said that he would never again court Mr Ben nett's opinion on. costume. When Bennett was adding another story to the old office he determined to place some sculpture on the top (Carton, and his printing press are thete. now) he asked Wilkes's opinion. ' 1 would suggest,' said the old man with biting sarcasm, 'The Warwick Arms,' 'The Bear ana Bagged ttaff.' Poor old Wilkes liked his 'pewter.' \Vhcn Peat joined the office m oAshier Wilkes went to him and blandly acted for an advance of five shillings. To the. editor of the snd C. Journal' the rashier thought be was quite safe in making the advance. . f-otnc hours passed, had old BamL.JVnk nikkiixg hnxious inquiries about Mr IViikes, who was nowhete to be found. Frehcntly hQ ckuac across Mr Peat, and in anity! U Me hwlgiyen bitu thy money that morning, As cApijinfitiois followed, when '6hriy' Sam laid ho would have to bring nut that Weed's paper -hlthralL at the el the time tauttoniof; tbcosaluer never to advance ..i Mnna* tnM*» ntthfefr Bob r- 'f ? ? ' . ? ? F-F-' .-'T' fiady for tbs 3»nus. M tas torpor N&tei; pub^ THE 3KJ5PETANT AND CASTLE' ?vhile tbs to nil!'. Sitbhr wi-v bceupied by Mr- Williams at » nhhtciut. Autngahto the Klebi&tt; arid Cw.Ho wai—and la .stfllr Mdltt the oJSAS'. job bruiting offl« In hvdMhv. tbitfi fin hv I'ttlu V. UaantngUairif', ' whose name is »t'H V.pt up. Next was the Jfierfl to-day. U*rt door was th« hftSe sfaoe tnn e^MiUuna»t of iafafc. Edwatd»,-nw 1* -GlafittcWtfeBl, Young John then,, ajd John now, U cheti toll tf CIS 1 BMssy lort, and tolls trf it-p In. the early ffjHSQM toateted Ife .tdtiifir tafia bene fit for Sub Thetltow eatoeetf «fi fctiftHh£«tiji stwd Ing to ftfowb Batr- lap.O, liter, 1 think, George-street— Chinatown. 1 made the ac quaintance of Bob McLaren when, in ltfii. he kept the Glasgow Arms on the Main, or Plank-road, Ballarat. Bob wu 0 White man— peace to hie ashes. The building recently occupied by Mt Buttel waB at one time a pflb., hud kept by Ned Trickett after his . victory on the Thames over Sadler, and before NED'S 'SALVATION ' CONVERSION » Nei was about the worst example of a pub lican I ever came across ; he never opined his lips to a customer, and thought it a labor to be Called Upbh to draw 'a pint of stringy.' In the years 1S70 and 1881 there were quite a number of pubs between King and Market-streets, many of them open all night, the Cafe of Bob Horns being one. where you could obtain steak and oysters at any hour in the twenty- four. There were other things good and bad which could also be obtained there. -It was A NOTORIOUS HOUSE OF ASSIGNA TION for the i/aif mondc, and in BOme of itB rooms a man could lose a fortune in a night at dice and cards. The police made many raids, but never succeeded 'in making a catch. Bob always had the straight tip, and paid well for it. Washington Soul now occupies Bob Home's site. Next door, the old building still standing, was the Shakes peare Hotel, kept at one time by Tom Spencer, a clever mechanist, where the chief attraction — after the grog— was some clever mechanical exhibits. If yon wanted a nobbier at Spencer's bar, the chances were that you would get an electric shock trorh some concealed battery. Tom retired from the grog trade and opened an . exhibition of mechanical wonders in one of the Bhops now occupied by the Civil Service Co-operative Society. In opposition to Spencer, good eld Thioden had his exhibition of mechanical wonders and a panorama In the 6chool of Arts, where 1 first had the pleasure Of hear ing Tom Margetts, the singer, and listening to the lecture on Thioden's panorama, BY MR. E LEWIS SCOTT, who did that function nightly. After Spencer at the 6hakespeare came Polly Smith, one of Sydney's favorites. I had the pleasure of meeting Folly when she attended to the creature comforts at Billy Pitt's , Garrick's Head Hotel, Bourke-Street, Mel bourne. 1 understand Miss Smith— nofiv Mrs Bobarts — is in Adelaide, and prosper ing. The Shakespeare was a house touch frequented by theatrical people when the ' ghost walked,' it being right opposite the V ictoria Theatre, on which site now stands the wurehonse of Harris and ACktn&n.; Where is now the entrance to the Imperial Arcade stood a shop in which the public's humble serTaht, 'Old Chum,' ran successfully a waxworks show, afterwards sold to Mr John Gourlay, the eminent Scotch actor. Within two doors were the.'anotion salerooms of Messrs Lester and GriBdale, where I wit nessed the sensational arrest of THE PARRAMATTA RIVER MURDERERS, Nicholls and Lester, by Detectives Dick Elliott and Wm Camphin, now Superin tendent Nichols was a short, fairly bnilt man, with a full beard. 1 had him in the 'show' within a week, the plaster cast being taken from my own phiz, photographs of the pair, taken in gaol, being kindly given me by my dear old friend Snd fellow-townsman, Mr Cummins, who kept the old Star Hotel, next the Inspector-General's office. Peace to his ashes. 1 saw Nichols and Lester hanged in Darlinghnrst a few months after. Nearly opposite imy ' show ' was a confec tioner's shop — never mlfld the owner's name — where 1 saw, in her old age, SARAH GALE, TRANSPORTED IN 1830, for her knowledge of the atrocious mnrder of a woman in London, for which James Greenwood was hanged. Jaines and Sarah were about to leave tof America when some workmen erecting a new building discovered the corpse. It is but fair, to aay that at the trial Greenwood declared that Sarah knew notbing of the crime nntil after its com mittal. In Sydney Sarah became a respect able woman, married well, ana. founded the business now mentioned. She rests, her weary bones in the Wesleyan Cemetery, Devonshire-street. Next door to. Sarah's waB the chemist shop of the late departed Coroner, Mr W H Pinhey, sites, which Hor derh Brothers have now mopped np. Along side the Liverpool Arms was 'BILL* MOFFATT'S BOOKSHOP. Bill made' sufficient money to bti ab'.o it lend the Queensland Governtohht something like £100,000. 1 have often Wondered who inherited old Bill's wealth— I amStiil won dering. When I returned to Sydtjey, over a quarter of a century hgo. att* n lengthened residence in Victoria, I had to huflt about for a means of existence. Certain mouths had to be fed, and I was expected to do it. One of the first men I met was my old Mel bourne chum, Samuel Hawker Bafikk; a conscientious pressman, and not half a bad poet, I poured out my tale of Woe to Ssto, who promptly introduced me to Mr John Bennett, then LESSEE OF THE 'OLD VIC.,' the stage management being in the bands of George Darrell, the leading lady beihg that gentleman's first wife, the kind-hearted Fanny Cathcart, sister of the veteran actor J F Catheart. This lady came ont to sup port G V Brooke. She married Robert Heir, who died on a yoyage to New Zealand, and is buried at The Bluff. John Bennett kindly gave me a show, I went through a season, winding up aa pantaloon in Garhfet Walsh's paiitomiinb ' Trnknientoz.' I played Panto ac night, and attended to the ' Wax figgers' in the day time. Coin was .rolling in, and I deemed it prudent to .give the stago best, though my prospects of sncoess were fair,. As an amateur 1 had Strutted and fretted my iittle hour in Melbourne, but I looked upon the life of a stock-actor as one of drudgery, and glancing back through the long vista of a . quarter Qi a century, I see hp reason to regret my decision. Jttwas ih ' Trukuientps ' that the now saaCessf|il Irish comedian, J W Sweeney, made his first ap pearance on any stage. He was the poUcti mivn, and a capital one hp was. . Coming closer to Tbuth office, in the building how occupied by Mr Comino, on the first floor of which were THE OFFICES DF GEORGE RoSE&X; NICHOLLS' in which, as a hoy, the latfe CEief Jfaitica Martin dusted musty 14W tdmeS attd carved his initials on the office teMe,. MMtin was articled to Nicholls, and rehdhhaiehtfida kU thb Uw he knew ih thit bnifaihg. ^ RibffiW| Driver succeeded to Nicholls and he in turn gave way to Mr Claytob, WffihfSw Veit8 lied considered tho offices old-i§Mrion69 and went higher up the sttofit. . What L| now Eowe-itreSt, add wSflectkble, Wte lhtK eariy seventies Broagimm-plficfi, hhd -% gJeaiy shady. Kino rf U4 Bid BOUtositUl StoniL hbtaidb bits of Werd the Water Otdar -«S£fl^»S|g|dS Pitt-street sfikh a Will- lips gurdlifi, iffilt ffi which waS a bsffif&tohis; tortajft tBoWn IS ' RMbeyj' isd bwJ»M and occupied By THE ALLEGED ' MARGARET CATCHPOLB.' . Thb girden irn down to the ttak itrehS 8h the spot Where John Bands PdW^haa htt prihtfig offiee. . Bteonsntlins Af tei 8^ N rimes bring i spectacles tetrbniclea of Old Sdfte Mt iditateW it oaother titee. 