WE WESLEYAN CUN FE11ENCE. FIRST DAY. The annual Conference of the wesleyan Methodist Church w:u opened in Firie- stre9t Church on Tuesday, February 23. From 3 o'clock until nfttir 5 a convention was held. The subject for consideration was 'Pentecostal Blessing.' The Itev. J. Cowpor thwaitc, B.A., led ths mooting, and the speakers wero tho Revs. \V. Reed, W. II. Hanton, and T. li. Angwin, M. A. A prayer meetiug was held from 7 until 7.30, and at tho latter hour the Conference was opeued. Thero was a largo gathering of ministerial and lay representatives and of members of the Church. The retiring President, the Kcv. P. C. Thomas, occupied the chair. ADDRESS Itr THEHF.TIRIVC rtlESIDENT. After devotional exercises tho retiring President delivered his address. Reforencc was tint mado to the death of thu Rev. Thomas Raston, tho wifo of tho Hev. C. T. Newman, a member of the family of thu llcv. C. JRccd, Mr. C. Drew, .Mr. J. A. Hartley. *-Mr. Suuter, and others. During the year their beloved Queen had reach ihn sixtieth year of her reign. (Applause.) This Conference representing tho Wcsleyan Church in South and Wostorn Australia would cmbraco the opportunity to congratulate Her Majesty en tho auspicious occasion. Tho Executive Committee which was called into existence last Conference had dono gocnl work. A keen interest had beon taken in tho administration of the funds aiyj other business of this Com mittee. AUudiug to homo niii=dious he said tho results of tho new departure at las; Conference in tho appointment of deputations and District Secrotarios had been satisfactory in the vory manifest increase bhown aud income secured. Owing to tho removal to Kapunda of tho late Secretary, tho Rev. C. T. Newman, who iiad done trr.ind service for the homo mission cause and wlioso name would ever remain associated with it, the Rev. J. B. Stephenson was selected in hi.s stead. A big barrier of debt stood iu tho way of progress, and Mr. Stephonson had sot him.selt to remove it. The sum of &H0; hail bjen raised in cash and promises, lcaviapr only a balance of £ 1 1-0. This balance should be raided nt once. A loau of £7,500 at 4 per or-ut. ha:l boon obtained to assist the Brokon Hill Trusts, and they were greatly indebted to tho v.aiu.iblo services of Mr. E..B. Colton for the carrying out of tho negotiations. New Cimrcho* ha-l been opened at W'illunga, NorthHcld, and Kybunpa. Whilst their operations in Western Australia had beon somowhat restrict-jd, tho work of the Church thcrr, under tho capable Chairmanship of tlic Rev. G. E. Rowo and the noble band of mi:ii.-;*.*rs who had sustained his hauds, had boomed. The Ohurcii moml)CMhip there had increased one-third during tho year. Elc7cn additional Sabbath schools had been opened. Fourteen new Churches and twb parsonages hod been erected. Extensive alterations and improvements had been mailo in tho Churches of Perth and Fremamle. The District .Synod was asking Cunfercnco fnr sis additional preachers. The Sisters of tho People wero doing splendid work for God and His Church. He spoke of the daniace to the Church at Palmurston, and commended tho sufferers by the cyclone to tho crcnoroMty of tho people. Mr. Thomas's remarks on tho burning question of union were thus expressed :— ' By a reso lution of tho. last Conference the question of Methodist union waft submitted to the members of our Church in South and Western Australia, to the members of our Quarterly Meeting, and to tho trustees of our Church properties. Tho result of this vote will ho laid boforo thi« Conference at the proper tims.' (Lruiphtor.) The internal life of the Church as .shadowed' forth in the momlwr.-Onp roltirns was not as satisfactory as could be desired. They reported a decreaso in the year's work, but it was im possible to tabulate all tho spiritual results. Their mission as a Church was not altered. It was to save mon and .spread scriptural linliiip^s. They word a part of tho great tinivorsal Church of God. Methodism as a branch of tho divinely founded Church possessed alltho distinctive characteristics of tho primitivo Church in apostolic times— teaching fellowship, breaking of broad, and prayors. This was what Chrysostom had called an angelic republic . . . Newness and noveity were the catch words of to-day. Tho pendulum of fashion was swinging away from orthodox teaching. Thero was no other way than that of tho cross to bring back men to God, peace, and rest. Governments, ho pointed out, had failed to find a way. Education, art and science, huraanitarianism had declared their failure. Ho emphasized the necessity of recognising tho class and Church fellowship moetings. .... In certain quarters to day thero was a great indifference to all organized Christian lifo. Men were im patient of all kinds of restraints. The cry was for liberty. It was not a matter of in ditTeroncu whether a Christian man belonged to tho organic fellowship of tho Church and was a faithful member in it or not It was a clear Christian duty to servo the fellowship and to besorved thereby, and whoever neglected so to do must inevitably suffer in the spiritual lifo. One of tho needs of to-day was a little moro healthy denominationalism. They thankod God for the Christian Endeavour movement. Novnr was thore a timo when tho world offered a higher price for the young. Tho pleasures of sin were made fascinatingly attractive The gulf stream of worldliness ran smooth and subtle, and the tendency to irreverence, disobedience, and the casting off of all restraint wa* strong. In addition to these Sabbath desecration was on tho incrca.se. Uycling had put a new temptation in tne path of the yountr, to which ho feared many were yielding. Sunday excursions and picnics wero taking tho place of attendance on divino worship. A pernicious literature which scoffed at ovantrclical religion wan sapping the lifo of the young. These were soiuoof the evils aeainst'whicb tho younir people had to do battlo to-day. Lot them in every possible way help them to fight them. As » Church they heartily ondorsed the great social raoveouiuU for the betterment of their follow-citi.-.ens. They were free citizens in a great country, and it was their duty to exer cise their rif,'hUt in tbo fear of God. Their vote was a sacred trust, and as such thoy uinst oxcrcise.it. The Si a to nnd the Church wore divino iu their origin, aud to each they were to bo loyal. It was a shame to our Christian commonwealth that any immoral man should he allowed to occupy a seat in the halls of our Legislaturcorinourruunicipalitics. (Applause.) Such seats, and such honour, and nuch re sponsibilities should be for tho chaHto. tempe rato, honest, and godfearing men of the laud. They prayed that tho will of God might be done on earth as it was in heaven. Let them help God to answer that prayer by taking conscience to tbo ballot-box. Ability or party considerations should not bo the first question, but character, lio need not ask this Con ference whether it was tho will of God that immorality and lustful indulgence should be mado difficult, that women should bo reve renced and honoured; that gambling, tho curso of Australia and tho destroyer of mon and women, should bo banished from the land ; that the system of sweating should bo swept .iway ; that intemperance nnd other social evils, which were a menace to the social life of our community, should bo put down. With ono voico they said yes. Then let them see that right and true men were sent forward as their representatives. Next to the regenera tion of the individual was thu regeneration of the State. (Applause.) election or rREsrorsT. Tho election of President was then ? pro ceeded with. The voting was as follows :— G-. E. Rnwe, 1 : 0. T. Nowman, 1 ; J. Loggoo, 1 ; H. T. Burgess. 2: I. Rooney, 2; W. B. Mather, 2; J. H. Trovorrow, 3; W. A. Langsford. 7 ; R. S. Cascly, 11 ; J. Berry, 70. Tho Ministerial Confe rence duly confirmed the elaction of Mr. Berry, who thereupon took tho chair, to which ho was heartily welcomed by his predecessor, who preflented to him tho emblem of his office, the Word of Got!. . ^ Mr. Bekrt, in acknowledging tho great com ?lim«rnt. asked for the prayers of the Church, [f would cive to their beloved Church a motto fnr tho now year. It was—' Back to the Holy Ghast.' Ho believed ho but expressed the need, the yearmns*. and the resolve that was felt largely throuphout their whole Church that. God Moiu^ them, tliey would Ret back to the Holy Gh.-Mt. (Applause.) Was the Holy Ghost tit-slotted? Unhesitatingly ho an.-wcretl 'Yes.' Proof of this state ment was heen in modern litera ture and in the ministry Thero was » danger of their leaving Itehind fundamental and spiritual troth. It was the old tiro they wanted back a?aia. (ApplatiK.) Tho present Cvmf«rcnco was a most iui|-ortant ont. They w«»r« to como to a conclusion on Methodist union. 1; was nni for him to express an opinion at rhi.s stage, but he knew there was alwlute agreement Jh.it every one wanted to do ;lie will of God in this matter. (Applause.) THE RHlRlXa PKESUIENT. A unanimous heart v vote of thanks was pa*st-..l to the retiring President for his efficient service* during the y«ar. ornes officcbs. Tho Rev. W. A. Lanospobd was elected ?S-?cretarv, receiving seventv-eight votes. The Rov«. T.*A. James and T. £. Thomas, M.A., w,-rc elerted A«istant Secretaries, .. and the Rev. R. Kelly was appointed letter-writer. ?? - At 0.50 p.m. the Conference adjourned till 0.30 this morning. .. ';'., -'}'.' 