MAD RAMSAY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) Ah Australian Story. rejAN AUSTRALIAN WRITER.) CHAPTER XIV!— (Continued.) "Now, aren't you ashamed of your self." said Rose, militant, rising, and Hashing an angry glance, not on Reseigh. but the lawyer. "Don't, you see you have been and crushed all his hopes, and killed all the courage I have been .building up in him for a year past. And just because you your self don't understand. I don't know avhat they mean by letting boys like you become lawyers. You help us! (You have done more to dishearten us in ten minutes, than all the failures we have had in as many months.« I de clare, I hate you, I despise you, and all lawyers, and judges, and 'juries, and policemen together." She wound up with a snap which seemed very much like the prelude of a sob. But the doctor spoke soothingly, "Miss Johnsori, you must not ho un kind, unjust. We asked our.frlend here lor his advice, and he has given it in all friendship, candidly and clearly. I pledged myself to your interests unre servedly, and I will be absolutely loyal to them, but It is Idle to deny that the 'difficulties Mr. Mur.tngh has pointed out really do exist." "Of course they exist, and we have to overcome them, but that silly dry-as- dust law talk will never help us. You might as well try to wash away the old Red Bluff with a watering pot. Still you must not think me ungrateful, Mr. Murtagh, and you musn't look at Re seigh in that way again either. I could Lave jumped up and slapped that old dudge's face two or three times at the trial, when he was trying to confuse everything with his (Juibbles. I know you will be true to us, and help us, if you can. Why, you three were old school .mates together, and yet you can't believe each other. I don't under stand it at all. And now I must he go ing, and there is nothing done. It is an awful thing to be a woman when men lare such poor, helpless creatures. Doc tor, you will ,v,ilk with me just as far ds the main street? Reseigh, you will Iceep your appointment? Mr. Murtagh, I daresay I shall come and see you again, when — when you are a little iblder. CHAPTER XV. Reseigh Jeffcott lingered long in the lawyer's office that night, and they talked together of old times and old Idreams and aspirations, of the slow ful filment In the one case, and the ghastly obstruction which closed all prospect In rthe other; and oh! It was hard to Re seigh as they parted in the shadowy street at midnight to see his friend cross over and enter the portals of the old familiar club, and to creep along himself like an accused thing, a leper. ior ain escaped and branded . felon. . .-An. there were Jackson and Martin tapping lat the door of the old qafe, within v. hlch still was unstinted revelry. Would a ghost, with his head tucked under dils arm cause moi-e stir amongst tliemthan he himself if ho suddenly entered? There .was a. sort of spasm of weird amuse ment in the t.houtrht. but it passed, and the old horror of the monotonous shame re- possessed and controlled and almost firove him to desperate resorts, for, de- spite all the consolation of the lawyer's talk, he had not gained one single gleam of new hope. All gates of the world's desirable ways were barred to him. There was only Rose. Only Rose. Happily enough of man hood lingered in him to thrill with re volt at that contemptible qualification. Only Rose! Rose with her boundless hope, her unfaltering trust, her cour age, endurance, and absolute unchang ing love. "Was it not as much as any man had a right to expect even in a merciful dispensation of things? And yet what future could he pos sibly provide for Rose? Of money there need be no painful lack, but would money now purchase him one of the things he desired? His mind that night was towards companionship. The long yarn with his old schoolmate had but lifted him out of the slougft for a moment. It had passed, and he was armpit deep again, and tolling along so painfully that it seemed any stroke which might fairly submerge him would bo welcomed rather than avoided. In nocence or guilt matter little to the tainted wether of the flock, and the sustaining power of a consciousness of innocence exists rather perhaps in the fancies of the coiners of . fine phrases than in the minds of those who have actually borne the brand and; chain, and tugged at the galley oar. ! One little glimmer of ultimate release or escape is worth more than all the consolatory preaching, and luckily that little ray still remained to Reseigh Jeff cott, and helped him through that black niglit. He was to meet Rose on the morrow. The place of meeting was an unfre quented road between the old cemetery at Kew and Heidelberg. The time, af ternoon. In the morning Rose had pro posed to see his mother, for towards that much-afflicted lady she exercised constantly all the tender solicitude of a daughter. Old Jeffcott she pilled, but the morose habit which since the tra gedy had overlaid all, his heretofore ge nial nature repelled affection. He seem ed to have shrunk from the retired merchant into the broken-down shop keeper; though In truth his fortunes were unimpaired and his health by no means ruined. His club life was blast ed, though solely by his own Imagin ings; he shrank from all his old friends; and Imagined that they shunned him. I-Hs reading had never gone much be yond the news, of the day, a.nd he had no taste for any kind of sport. Thus he was brought to that most wretched of all conditions, the ennui of a natu rally active man without resource. And with the steady increase of misery grew neglect of all surroundings, so that the once trim mansion and grounds had as sumed a deserted appearance. The paint was blistered on the gates, the grass grow rank through the gravel, on the drive long vagrant shoots of pine and cyprus Interlaced,— the roses had all becomo wild briars In their growth, the violets were hidden amongst the leaves, and the narcissus 'and 'daffodils sent up their spikes of bloom through tangled and matted heirloom of last year's leaf crop and | fast growing weeds. Their odours filled the air, yet made it riot fragrant, so I heavily rose with them the death-like srii'olls Of the rotting waste in the old- time garden plots and berie'ath the trees. Rose, tripping along the grassy foot path, entered the gate before the old man, musing alone, was aware of her presence. ..He would have. V escaped, stealing off amongst the trees, but she vowed that he should not. I "Good morning, -Papa Jeffcott; don't , run .away now. I want to talk to you.". The old man waved his hand toward the house, and sought to escape In the shrubbery, but the young lady was too' quick for him. She clasped hei' hands around his arm arid drew him out to a seat In an . open and sunny place. "I say, Papa Jeffcott, aren't you ashamed of yourself to let the garden get into this state, and don't you know there are heaps of men about starving be cause they can get no work? I would come down and tidy up those borders myself if I did not know that all your boxes were bursting with money, and I tell you it is nothing less than awful to let things go to rack and ruin in this way." "Why should the garden escape, Rose, when the master's own life is- all laid waste?" "The garden can't help itself, and you can. Of course I know you are just like the garden; you want doing up a lot, shaving, like the grass, and hair cutting, like the pines, and a proper collar and a new necktie like the borders, and then the winds would caress you like that, and the sunshine kiss you like that, and don't you think you would feel better then?" She had wound her arm around the old man's, shoulder, and kissed him on either cheek. The tears welled up In his eyes. "Rosy, Rosy," I thought they had spoil ed your lil'o almost as completely as mine, but you are young, child; you have hope." "Yes, I have hope; and I take care not to despise or reject It like some foolish old people I know. I fight, too, and I Intend to keep on fighting. Look here, I am going to fight you to-day. Do you know what you have to do?" He looked up half amused, half querulous. "You've got to clear out of this, and: take take Mamma Jeffcott a trip to England. I have been talking to the doctor about it, and he says It Is the only way to save her, and the way likeliest to turn you into your old self again." "Come with us Rose, and I will start next week." I | "Ah, now I know exactly what you i mean, -but I will never do that, never. I am just as sure now that everything will come right some day as ever I was. . Do I bear evidence of fretting, or des- j pairing, or pining? If such things are, they must suit me. I should degener ate Into an intolerable obesity if not kept moving." "Where Is he now?" "Couldn't tell you at the present moment, but I know exactly where he will be at 3 this afternoon." (TO J1E CONTINUED.) 