RELIGIOUS. Rev. G. Williams.— After fourteen years of useful work at St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, Port Adelaide, the Rev. Father Williams is removing to Kapunda. The lmponainjr chango nas 039*1 Keenly leic ny his congregation, and a petition bearing nearly 1.000 signatures was presented to tbo Arch bishop praying for a reconsideration of tbe matter. This evening a farewell to tho Rev. Father will take place at the Dale-street Schoolroom. Johnsduro CiRCcrr. — The Quarterly Meeting of the Johnsbnrg Wealeyan Circuit was held at the rcsidenco of Mr. T. Thomas on Thursday. July 8. The Rev. H. C. George presided, and was supported by Mr. Ray Rooncy, tho Home Missionary, and seven officials. Income for quarter, £15 --i. Ad. ; expenditure, £l~- fa. 5d. The meeting approved of the purchase of a bicycle for Mr. Kooney. Messrs. Coulter, Rooney, James, and Toholko were appointed a committee from this Circuit to meet committees from the Orroroo and Carrieton Bible Christian Circuits, and to make arrangements re adjust ments of the threo Circuits concerned and report to the Federal Council. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas and family wero heartily thanked for entertaining the meeting. In the evening the Rev. H. C. George Rave his 'Cornish Stories' in the Weslevan Church in aid of the Home Mission funds. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. Rooney read the report Christian Convention.— Tho opening ser vice of this Convention took tbe form of a 'sunrico' prayer meeting, which was held in the Y.M.C.A. at tbe early hour of 7 o'clock on Tuesday. The morning Bcwion, com mencing at half-past 10, was fairly well at tended. Mr. Robertson, the Victorian evangelist, presided, and an address was Riven by Mr. F. V. Pratt, M.A., of Sydney. Mr. C. A. fteevo, of India, gave a most in teresting account of tho University Students' Volunteer Missionary movement which originated in Massachusetts, U.S.A., some eleven years ago, and has met with remarkable success. Starting with less than 100 members, by the end of tho fir3t year there wero 2,200; now there are over 4,000. of whom one fourth aro in the mission ? field. In England thero are 1,300 members, and 300 havo gone out as missionaries; and in Australia there aro 68 members, with 9 in the field. An address was delivered by the Rev. A. J. Clarke, of Hindmarsh, on ' The State of the Church before Pentecost' that being the special subject for the day's discussion. In the afternoon, at 3 o'clock, there was a much better attendance. The Rev. James Lvall spoko on tho appointed subject, and the Rev. Allan Webb, of Geelong, based a powerful, soul-stirring address on the words, ''Hayo ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed?' The addresses were in terspersed with hymns and dovotional exer cises. Tho Convention will be continued tomorrow, when the subject of tho addresses will be 'Pentecost.' Anglican Mission at Port Adelaide.— The ten days' mission at St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaido, wa« continued yesterday by the Revs. W: I. Carr Smith (Sydney) and P. W. Wise, with good results. At the evening mission service, conducted by the former, the Church was filled, a large number of men being present Mr. Carr Smith gave a power ful address on ' Conscience.' Tho Rev. P. W. Wiso delivered a dinner-hour address at the Way and Works Yard at Glanville, and met with a cordial reception. 