j — Was -He-a-Wily P-etraiciAS?— 4*-At-tha- time that Mr. Reid was saying that he could not go to England the measure for a eourt cnif wij5 nTi . 'ifR ivar tn TiOnfloh ' — The Leader of tha Opposition in the Sydney Parlia- ] ment yesterday. CVCX-IXG ACBOSS- THE C'COTC'ENT. — On Tuesday afternoon Mr. Ii. Bodenhsimer, the manager of the Wertheim Machine Depot, received a telegram from. Murif at Tennant's Creek, stating- that he was proceeding ou his journey that day, and that he was in excellent health. Murif 's nest stage -trill be Powell's Creek. Crushed Again. — "I am reminded by His Worship the Mayor of another joke against myself on the Iate trip up the Murray — one which is even better than the tug-of-war episode writes Hugh Kalyptus; 'it is so good that I wonder it slipped my memory. Pantoni, the travelled darkie, lying wrapped in rugs with another black hunter named Sam Rankine, was graciously conversing with us at intervals, and without noticing that he was talking to Sam, the aboriginal, I asked — 'Did you see the Queen when you were home, Pantoni?' Turning his head with much dignity, Pantoni replied — "Excuse me. I am talking to another gentleman," indicat ing his dusky and grinning comrade under the blankets. That let me out. I did not worry Pantoni with any more questions. It seems to me now that jolly as that trip of Mr. Tucker's was I had a bad time of it, what with that whiskyless swan hunt and the stanchion tug-of-war, with the punch from Pantoni on top of it.'' A 'Liberal' Statesman.— 'Every man or woman who thought it possible to obtain a living by the p^ctice of the law should be able to do so by paying a smali fee. A poor man who might have all the necessary qualifi cinons was at present debarred from entering tuo proi'ii.siou because of tha large outlay for a legal course. . - . Us wm in favour of peiiiug the Northern Territory for £300. 00*3, 00i- if auy one would pay cai'u down.' — A candi date for Legislative Council honours at the Semaphore last night. 'Thi: Bhk'.'Tk'.s Ghost.'— This is the title of .a brue'mue issued bj' tho Salvation Army, s.nd written by Commandant Booth. It serves to show, as the title suggests, the evil iafiuences of the drink traiSc, the author's method of dealiug with the subject being to point out to the brewers better self, through the medium of his conscience, which for the time being take* the form of a ghost, the results of over-indulgence in the liquors which he him-elf is responsible* for distributing. The charge ajraiust the manufacturer is thus a very serious cue, but we fancy that the author would not condemn the individual so much as the system. After ail the great evil is the result of iolf-iriduig'.-ace. Wut^HAii College. — At the conclusion of the Koittr term an interesting- ceremony took p:ace at Whinhani College. The masters and sf-holiire assembled ir. the iarfre Lecture Hail to bid f-uev.i.11 to Mr. ii. J. G-. Freeborn, who for soait; time past ftas tilled tho- po3t of Senior Ktsidcr.c Master. The Head Master, Mr. G. G. Newman, spoke of the popularity which Mr. Frtcboru hr.Uunjoyedwhiisthe.had been a: the College, and thanked him for his able, earnest, ai.d honiijfc support; Master Ernes: Tuckiveil then read an address on behalf of the boys, giving e.cpression to the unanimous desire that they should not let Mr. Freobora depart without iome j-eeojjnition of '.he kir.diy and affectionate feeling which had ever marked their relations, and requesting that he. would acc^ps t):s accompanying1 'walk- ing-stick as a smail token of esteem and ainccrest wishes for his future welfare. Xhe recipient fei'linu'ly re.sponded. Tha iliuraiuit^d address v.'iis the v/ork of Master W. U. lteid. Tho post- of Senior .Resident Mas'.er will now be tilled by Mr. J. L-ev.'is Byrne, B.A., Trinity College, Dublin. In addition to holding1 a first-chus degree with !ioi;u'.irs 2dr. Byrne has had a very successful vvarL-i:r as a master in Englisb and colonial .schools. His buccoss as a tutor in mathe :i:aiic= h-is U.-cn very marked. Tha staff will also bo benciited by the assistance of Mr. W. J. Halk'v-. whu ha? patM.il in languages and huveral sciences :it Melbourne University. He !ips a:so 'wen vary fcuwjuasi'ul in manly sports. In the iiawLsburn Crick'.-: Club Mr. Hallows secured an average of L'S last season. He also played senior football for six vears in tho Melbourne Football Club. An Ai-ni:i;?s to the Qcesn'.— We have been shown a loyal address to Her Majesty the Qus'en from tha wo-neu of Western Aus tnuir., congratulatinjr Her Majesty on the approschiny completion of tbe sixtieth year of hvr rcisn- Theaddress was illumiuated in WeM-jrn Australia and sent to Adelaide, wh-:re Messrs. E. S. Wigrg k Son have executed a verv handsome binding in red-and- blue morocco, onsauiented with gold toolbd work. Tin* addrc.-s is being .sons by the mailooat to-day to Western Australia, where the signa tur;;s'will be tiled ip, and whence it will be forwarded to England. A ' Fedebai. Potato. — Messrs. Charlick Brothers have sent to this office a. unity potato, so to.»pea;:. To all appearances this tuberous growth consists o: seven potatoes of varjinsr zizc attached to one large central potato. It i.- oi the Be-uty of K'jbrou variety, and weighs L'i lb.. atid was srov/n y.t Coromnndel Valley bv MYs. McXaciara. One hundredweight of the above-named vjnety. supplied i._v Messrs. Charlick Brothurs, g.ive the remarkable yield cf 1 ton 7 cwt. T;il- 'Sr.\BEAj:' Apdhess to Qceen* VictC'KIA. — U:icle Harry rcfjut-sts us to an nonuoe tiiat this address will i-e i-hown to tho Leaders and Secretaries present :iL the meet in;,- to bti helii to-morrow afternoon at the Cn'che at tho invitation of the Committee of M:u:a2'_-u:eiit. It has been beautifully illumi nated by Mr. A. Waltns'.ey and elegantly bound by Mo?«r.-. E. S. Wip- & Son. TliE -'OIirU-KA-TE!i.V DlSTIUCT ELrCTIONS. — Messrs.' J. Warren and V.*. Haslfcm announce that they will address a meeting of electors at Kapund.-.«m Friday ni-xt at 8 p.m. Ixdlvn' 1'a.misi: i't.vp.— Sympathy. £1; A Traveller. LI: A. II. Briiwn, Jacka, per Hussey & Gillicsham, £1. 