Cross-Purposes. CHAPTER XIIL--Continued. 6 I should think you did enjoy the dance,' Dolly declared with etwphasis, looking:round the room with upraised hands and eyebrows. ' Gown in tatters ; shoes ditto. Really, Evelina, I think one of these small objects' -picking up a little scarlet shoe-' woald be the best possible answer you could send to Sir Roderick.' She shook her head over the frayed satin and the tell-tale hole in the sole. 'I shall forward it by this evening's post to Redstowe,' she declared gaily; '.it will speak for itself.' ' Dolly,' Evelina cried, trying to snatch it ; but Dolly stuck to the shoe, and put it behind her back. ' I shall send it,' she repeated; 'and to Sir Roderick, when he arrives, I will myself relate the details of Miss Deane's debut- how she did her maid the greatest possible credit in her scarlet tulle; how she was engaged three deep all the evening; how she danced six waltzes and three extras with Miles Armstrong, which was more than her share-' ' Dolly,' Evolina cried again-' only three waltzes and two extras.' ' How she sat out with Mr Ryder the one dance which he honored with his presence-' ' Yes, because he could not get some one else,' Evelina interrupted eagerly.' I don't think r Mr Ryder would have been too ill to dance if Nan had not inubbed all her adorere last night. And,, .as for me, I-I squabbled with. him as. usual. about-about some nonsense or other, and` he walked away in a huff.' All this rapidly, so as to account for the new stiffness between them if Ryder should be ill-advised enough to visit Romarin that afternoon. ' Ah,' Dolly said carelessly, ' that is not usual with Ales. He is a good-tempered fellow, to give him his due, so I suppose he was-really out of sorts last night. At any rate-and this brings me to my second piece of news, Miss Denne- he is l,,is up this morning, not able to go to the Consulate, and Mrs Crawford is nursing him with tears in her eyes, declaring that she will not be in' the least surprised if it turns out to be brain fever. But'-with a rather heartless smile \--' I shalL' Evelina glanced hurriedly at Nan. ' Mr Armstrong said it .was only the' sun,' she urged hurriedly. She did not believe any more than Dolly in Mr Ryder's illhess. She looked upon it as a little device for which she felt very much obliged to him. It would sertainly be an immense relief not to have him haunting Romarin during those few sweet days to come, and his absence just then would give them both time to forget that wretched bubiness on the terrace and to meet again with a decent show of civility so as net to distress Nan with any suspicion of the truth. But at the same time she was anxious now to reassure Nan, who would naturally be frightened by the news, not being behind the scenes. ' Mr Armstrong said it was only the sun, yesterday,' she repeated; 'and he was so kind about it, and took care of him, I am sure; though he would not say so, because he was late, and-' ' He, him- whom 7' Dolly demanded, mis shievously. 'Your personal pronouns, Eve lino, are becoming a little mixed. Did Miles take care of Alec, or did Also tiko care of Miles I They always remind me of Dignity and Impudence, those two.' 'Oh, Dolly, you goose,' Evelina cried, blushing adorably. ' You know very well that it was Mr Ryder who was very ill and -snd Mr Armstrong who was so kind.' ' Miles 1 Miles is kind to everything that breathes,' Dolly said with enthusiasm; 'he can't help it. Sometimes I think that, if he stayed much longer in Yieuxport I should fall over head and ears in love with him my dear, kind, gentle, shabby, jolly old Miles, who used to carry me on his' hack when he was here before, and who was my hero-and is still for that matter. How ever, luckily'-with a sigh--'he is going away soon, so there is not time.' ' Luckily I' Evelina echoed reproachfully, with another tell.-ble blush. ' Oh, Dolly, I -I thought you were all so sorry I' 'Luckily for myself, I meant,' the girl replied, laughing. ' for I am sure I would have proposed to him myself, and then he would not have me. I don't know what is the matter wirh the dear old boy of late. He has s.mething on his mind, I am sure; but he bears it, as he bears everything else, and does not go and get brain fever at a moment's notice like that ridiculons Aleo Ryder, who-' 'Dolly,' Nan said quickly, standing up, Swe must go away and let this lazy child get up and dress. Come along, you young chatterbox !'-laughing, but as pale as a ghost, she carried her sister of with her before Dolly had time to notice Evelina's rose-red cheeks. Why would Dolly always run Alec Ryder down before Nan I Evelina thought, vexed in the midst of her own sweet thrill of joy. For, oh, it was sweet to hear him praised her lover, her man of men And he should not go I No, no, she would nob let him go! There was a great discussion at luncheon of the dance, and the dresses, and Evelina's success, and especially of Alec Ryder's mysterious illness. Trix declared that she wished he had chosen any other time to be laid up, as the performance of Frou-Frou was fixed fot the first of June, and she could not rehearse properly without her Henri de Sartorys. But she had not much time to wait in lamentations. All the-pretty sisters were as busy as bees just then; for Dolly had undertken to contrive out of next to nothing the si:c or seven .toilettes demanded by the part of Gilbert, and she declared that meerybody must help in the making; with her sewing machine they would soon run them up, especially as Potter was per forming prodigies of industry to please Miss Dolly, whom, next to ' her own young lady,' she adored. And, besides this great under taking, there were all the presents for Miles Armstrong to be completed-the curtains, the bed-spread, the cushions and wall pockets for his room in the Magnet, at which they had been working secretly ever since his return. For of course these could be done only in snatches and at moments when Miles was not there to see. He came latethat afternoon, Mr Lamarque having got home before the young man arrived. Dolly began to scold him, ' but he explained that he had called to see Ryder on his way to Romarin. 'Ah I' Trix exclaimed, with unfeigned interest. ' And how soon does he intend to return to his disconsolate Frou-Frou, Miles ? He is not really ill, is he 1' - 'I don't know,' Miles answered, with ,a , little laugh and a mischievous look at" Evelina which he took good care'no one else ihould see. ' I did not see' him, after- all only Mrs Crawford. Her brother had fallen , asleep, she told me, after a very restless night; and she certainly seemed very much cut up about him, poor little woman I' Evelina hung her, head to hitde her rose red cheeks. That look from Miles's gray 9 eyes was exquisite to her. ' Oh, I have seen Dr Goodman I' John Lamarqne said cheerfully. 'Ryder will be all right in a few days, and in the mean while his absenco from husiness gives me an excuse for looking victimised and getting a little extra'petting when I come home.', ' You shall be petted, pare darling 3' Trix declared fondly, stopping as she passel him to kiss him on the tip of the nose. ' But was undutiful and unpatriotic enough not to be thinking of the Consulate at all just then, but of our theatricals. Miles '-nodding her pretty head at him-' you will be here for them, after all. They are fixed now for the first of June. Isn't it jolly ' ' 'he first of June,' Miles echoed with his sober'smile. ' By that time, Trix, I shall be thinking of sailing for Zanzibar. My time is short now.' Evelina looked up startled from her work. 'I was saying to myself just now, as I walked out, that I should have to leave Vieuxport this day week, so as to rive my last few days to-my mother.' 'This day week 1' Dolly cried, dis mbyed. There was a soft clamour. of protest, of indignation, of regret from Lill and Pippa and Trix. Evelina's breath quickened; she pricked her fingers as she sewed. Only Nan said nothing, but kept her dark lashes down, and went on stringing the pearls that were to adorn one of Fron-Frou's evening gowns. Miles Armstrong saw nothing in the room but that drooping head, those two dark fringes on the pale oval of Nan's cheeks. ' Miles,' Dolly broke out vehemently, ' you must come and stay with us. You sh .ll have my room, you must not go back again to that horrid lonely hotel You must I, with us all day long now until you- you go. Pore'-choking a little-' tell him he must come. Muan't he, Nan 7' And, if Nan still found nothing to say, she did raise her sweet and heavy eyes for a moment to his; and John Lamarque heartily seconded his little daughter's invite. tion. It was a capital idea, he declared fondly, as Dolly's always were. But Miles only stroked the girl's pretty hair as she came and crouched down by his side with her head against his arm, Dolly d had bern the baby of the old days, a little a red and brown beauty of six that he had C spoiled outrageously, and her affection was still sweet for the young man, who had room y for a great deal of love in his soft capacious a heart. He soothed her now with a few q whispered words, and said that he would t come out early-yes, to breakfast, if she I liked-and stay at Romarin all day long if t they would have him. They must give him as much of thleir time as they could spare, for he wanted to say good-bye to every nook and corner in Vieuxpoi t where they had played and walked together as children, and they must all go with him in his pilgrimage. ' Oh, yes, yes,' Dolly cried, a little con soled, and rubbing her cheek against the young man's brown hand, 'that will be delightful. And we will go everywhere. Oh Miles, don't you remember taking me to the fair, and buying me a gingerbread husband with gilt eyes R And I aie him up,. eyes and all; and Nan scolded yoe. Let us go to the fair next week;. Evelina has never seen a French fair-have yeou, little cousin 9' She jumped up and ran over to Evelina, and Miles followed her, getting up with a smothered sigh. He felt that he must take his eyes from Nan's lashes. It was like some spell upon him to sit there gazing at .the?m, with misery in his heart. Evelin' started as he drew near, and answered Dolly at random. Every nerve in the girl's body seemed to .be thilling with one th ught -' Miles Armstrong is going in a week'-and it was but a pale lit le smile she gave him as he stood looking down at her with his kind unhappy eyes.. ' And how is my little patient to-dayl9' he asked presently, when Dolly had run away again, leaving them together at the open window where Evelina sat with her em broidery. The girl's blood answered now to his voice, and flamed up royally into her cheeks It was her lover, her hero, her king who was speaking to her. ' And he would not, he could not, be so unkind as to go away and leave her. ' No one omn hear me,' Miles assured her, smiling, and mistaking that pretty emblem. for a little girlish confusion over her tears of the previous evening. ' That is a profound secret between. us, Miss Denne.' *'You-you were very kind to me,'Evelina said shyly, stitching stway with great indus Stry, though perhaps her stitches would not have borne inspection., 'and I am afraid I was a goose; bub --? S'I am quite sure that you would not have cied if you had not had very good cause,' the 'young .man answered: gently ;- * and, without asking for any confidences I can see that} it is not ..she fi,sab time you have.:been annoyed in, the same: way.' Eveinai looked hurri.ily eaross' the room to where N?n sab.t .What. if ,she should ovrhear them by any -chance I But Miles went on quietly. ' Do you know that I have-s message for you,' he said,' from Mrs Orawford 1' ' For me I' the girl said, startled, and let ting her work fall. ' Yes. And I thought it better to bring it than to let her write to you as she intend.-d. It appears that Ryder did nothing all night but call out your name in his sleep. So his sister declares; and she implored me to ask you what had h.ppened between you at the dance, and if there were not something you could say or do to relieve his mind, as she half feared the consequences. 'Oh,' Evelina said, her poor little face blanching piteously, ' what a shame. And she could send me such a message by-by you. Oh, Mr Armstrong, you don't believe it? You don't believe that I had anything to do with his illness 1 We h~ad a quarrel last night on the terrace, I admit. . We are always quartelling in-in a friendly way, I mean--but, oh, pray '-the tears rose now in her eyes--'don't think that of me, Mr Armstrong.' 'I think nothing but what is good and loyal of Mist, Denne,' Armstrong answered, with the greatest kivdnesa in his face and voice. ' Are we not good friends since last night 1' 'Oh, yes,' Evelins said, blinring away her tears and feeling quite hapv again in spite of Mrs Orawford iand h-r ridculous message. What did it matter indeed since Miles was there to take her part 1 'And,'since we are friends,' the young man added, ' you will let me give you a little advice I' 'Please do,' she said softly Oh, how happy, how happy she was And how delightful it was to be advised and protected by him. 'Then promise me if this-this sort of thing should go on, Miss Danne, that you will confide in Mr Lamarque. Be is your guardian at present you know, and it really does not do for a young lady to be talked about in Vieuxport, as I am afraid Mrs Crawford is foolish enough to talk about you. You will not mind my ging you a hint, you know '-smiling in brotherly fashion ever the little happy drooping head-' II quite understand that you are anxious nob to make scenes and distress others perhaps : but I want you to think a little of yourself too. So it iis a promise ' She nodded. Somehow she found it quite impossible to look up now. 