II. If. was# the last day of tne oiu jesii. For the first time on record M. Silvain so far-departed from his usual habits as not to leave home till afternoon. “ Aiul he was dressed like a prince, madaino! A brand new overcoat, with a fur collar, and a luit you could see your self in. 1 was to give his compliments, and say that he would have the honor of waiting upon you at four o’clock, when he hoped to find Mile. Itenee also at home,’’ said Marthe, Mine. Edward s Meanwhile, her fellow-lodger, walk ing with his most juvenile step, crossed the river, along the boulevard, to the Palais Royal, where he entered a tlor ist’s shop, aud purchased, at a fancy price, a superb bouquet of hot-liouse roses. After a stroll through the brilliantly lighted arcades of the Talais, he turned toward home, which he reached shortly before four o’clock. •‘The ladies are in the salon,” Marthe told him; “there is a visitor with them, a friend of mademoiselle, who has just arrived.” “Very good,” he answered, absently. The old bachelor’s cheeks were flush ed, and his heart beat fast as he ap proached the door of the sitting-room. It was partly open, and as he paused, furtively adjusting his collar aud cra vat, he heard a sound of laughter with in — Renee’s musical voice mingling with the deper tones of a man. On the hearth, opposite to him, stood Renee, flushed and radiant, look ing up into the handsome bronzed face of a tall, dark-eyed young fellow of three or four and twenty, who had im prisoned both her hands in his own, while his other arm, from which she was laughingly endea.voring to disen gage herself, encircled her waist. “Let me go, sir; don’t you see that Mme. Everardlooks quite scandalised?” she exclaimed, glancing at Mme. Everard, whose face expressed the most unqualified disapproval. “It is at you, then, not at me!” he declared. “Madame is naturally aston ished that you should object to be re spectfully saluted by your fiance—so!” and suiting the action to the word, he bent and kissed her. M. Silvain started as if he had been struck, and hastily drawing back, be fore any one had perceived his pres ence, turned from the door. “Make my compliments to the ladies, and say that as they have a visitor I will not intrude this evening,” he said, and walked away. Safely locked in his own rooms, he stood for a moment looking vaguely round, like one waking from a dream, then, becoming conscious of the roses in his hand, he flung them from him with a passionate ejaculation, and sitting down at the table, let his head fall on his folded arms and cried like a child. Then there came a gentle knock at his door, aud he opened it. “I am come to scold you, M. Silvain,” said Renee, with her sweet smile. “Marthe tells us that you refused to come in becatise we had a visitor. Surely you did not think you would be intruding? M. Delaunay wishes to be introduced to you. I ought to tell you,” she added, shyly, “that we—that we arc engaged, though our engagement has not the sanction of his family, and— you are not ill, M. Silvain?” He shook his bead, smiling con strainedly. “No, not ill, only a little low- spirited.” “I am very sorry,” she said, gently. “We have all our troubles—you have yours also, my child, have you not? But you are young, and in youth, ‘though sorrow may endure for a night, joy eometh with the morning.’ ” “My ‘morning1 seems still far off,” she answered, with a smile and a sigh. “Thanks for your sympathy, my sweet friend. Good night.” “Until to-morrow,” she cried. I-Ie watched her out of sight, then stood for a moment on the landing, looking down, deep in thought. When lie raised his face it had recovered its usual serenity, and wore a look of resolution which gave it a new dignity. “Yes,” he muttered, “I will do it; she shall be happy. And as for me —well, I shall bo no worse ofl! than I was for merly. Allons!” Daylight was waning when at last Renee and Maurice turned their faces homeward. Half way across the Pont Xeuf, Renee paused with a regretful exclamation. •‘I quite forgot Pere .Joyeux: ’ “Who is he-?” her companion de manded. “A^h old pensioner of mine; a crippled fiddler who always plays on the bridge. There he is, on the other side. Let ns cross over.” ‘‘Never mind now, Renee: it is getting dark, and beginning to snow again. Give him something to-morrow.” “But this is New Year's Day, and it seems unkind to neglect him when I am so happy. Look, he has seen nic he is looking so wistfully! Stay .‘here, I shall not i>e a moment.” The road was slippery with fresh fallen snow, and when half way across the girl’s foot slipped. She made a vain effort to recover herself, and fell just in the track of the heavy vehicle, which came thundering along, drawn by two powerful horses. The driver, on his high perch, did not perceive what had happened till the bystanders uttered a warning shout, which was echoed by a cry of alarm from Maurice, as he hur ried to her assistance. Pore Joyeux, who had been watching her movements, flung his violin aside, and before Maurice could reach the spot, lie had snatched her literally from under the horses’ hoofs. “What an escape!” Maurice gasped. “Are you hurt, Renee?” “No, no; but where is Pere Joyeux. who has saved my life?” she asked, anxiously looking around. Then Renee saw the figure of her old friend stretched insensible upon the asphalt. The next moment a policeman ap proached. and after a. few brief in quiries, which Maurice answered, per emptorily dispersed the lookers on and hailed a passing carriage, giving the order : “To the Hotel Dieu.” "Is he seriously hurt?” asked Renee, when she went to the hospital. “He is dying,” was the grave reply. “You are surprised at the change in his appearance?” the surgeon remarked in an undertone: “he had been wearing a false beard, and without it he looks quite a different man. It is possible that he-” “Is she there?” the patient asked faintly. “I am M. Silvaiu to you, lie saia. when they were alone; “but your father knew me as Silvain Mathieu.” “What! It was you whom my father wronged?” she faltered. “Dear child, you have repaired the wrong and left me your debtor,” he gently replied. “You know what w’as formerly my profession? I was a dancing master; I met with an acci dent and became a cripple. I had little money. 1 lost it in a speculation. I had the natural instincts of the vaga bond. I became the street musician. I am the Pere .Joyeux. Do not look dis tressed. It was a life just suited to me. I could lie a gentleman at times— as M. Silvain. I had not as many friends as Silvaiu as I had as le Pere Joyeux. I loved you as a daughter when you first put money in my hand. Hut there is more than that." Itenee kissed the hurt man. Me continued : “The false heard and. the wooden leg made all the difference to some—but not to you. Yes. kiss me again,” and with the ghost of ids for mer gallant manner he raised Renee’s hand to his lips. Itenee was sobbing. ••Hush,” lie interrupted gently; “what better fortune can I have than to save your life and secure your hap piness? Itenee. you will find a parcel in my desk, directed to yourself! I re store your gift, dear—as I meant ta have done—if I had lived. There is no obstacle now between you—and—your lover, (tod bless you both. I-Iow darlc it grows—and cold! Do not lie sorry, for me, dear—I am quite content,” he continued, with a tranquil smile. “Quite content,” he repeated; and with the smile on his lips he died. On the afternoon of their wedding day. before starting on their journey in to Normandy, Renee and Maurice cross ed the Pont Ncuf once more, to pay a last, visit to Pere Joyeux’s old haunt. “I am glad no one has taken his place,” lienee said softly, after a mo ment; “it. would seem almost like dese cration. I fancy I can still hear the sound of his violin!” Maurice looked down at her tenderly. "Yes.” she concluded with a happy smile, “ Sorrow endured for a night, but joy has come with the morning!”—“New; York Times.” 