News :tn<l Notes. Messrs. Penny and Campbell are now so far recovered that they will probably be discharged from the hospital to-day. Mr. J. J. Dunstan, (he manager of the Lady Shcnton, severed his connection willi the company yesterday, and the new manager, Mr. McColl, look chaise. Messrs. King and Nicholson have just made an assay of stone taken from the Kensington East. It was composed of quartz with pyrites and galena, and averaged 2ox 18dwt ] 9gr per ton. Warden Owen yesterday allowed (lie application of the Kensington Main Lode Co, for three months' partial exemption, which he struck out on ihe previous day through the non-appearance of the applicant, to be inserted on the cause list, and after hearing the evidence he allowed them to work with two instead of four men for one month. The Menzies Mining and Exploration Corporation were granted six mouths' partial exemptiou to concentrate labor. Yesterday afternoon Messrs. T. Crcer and W. Faulkner met on the bicycle track to (est their relative merits over five miles for a matter of £5 a-side. Mr. Crecr was conceding his opponent 500 yari's start, or a lap all but 30 yards, a task the issue proved that he could not'accomplish under any circumstances. As it was, his right arm was bandaged from wrist to eibow, and he wabbled dangerously from start to iinish. Mr. Faulkner on the other hand pedalled nicely, and before 30 yards were covered he demonstrated clearly tbaf the handicap should have been the other way about. He won easily by over a lap. Mr. Modesto Maryanski, the wellknown mining export, who lias just returned from a tour round the Mount Margaret district, yesterday made a brief inspection of the Keningfon mines. Time nor opportunities did not permit of an inspection on which he cares to express a definite opinion, but in a general way lie is much impressed with the prospects of (he district. He also inclinesto the opinion that the Lady Shenton and the Queensland Menzies have a great future before them, but he says he was not in a position to express an expert opinion on them. He did not feci well and he was suffering from rheumatics in the shoulder, so he had not made such an inspection of the district as he would like to do. He hoped, however, to pay another visit to this district in the near future. Menzies he'corisldercd, had a great future before it, as it would be the distributing centre for all the northern fields as Boon as the railway was constructed. He leaves for Coolgardie this morning, j The Kensington Co. will start on tlieir second crushing at (lie Maori battery on Wednesday. About 109 tons arc to be put through. a At yefterday's police court Warden Owen delivered his reserved decision in the interpleader action in which Mrs. Mary Lyons sought to recover various sums of money lent from J. W. Fairchild, and thereby stopped the sheriffs sale to satisfy judgment in the action Marks versus Fairchild, Tlie Warden said that <m the evidence before him be had to give judgment for Mrf. Lyons with costs. Mr. Maxwell notified liis intention of appealing. A young man named Edward Ryan was arrested yesterday by Constables Harris and O'Connor and charged with disorderly conduct. On Thursday night he went to the house of Mrs. Hends, at the south end of the town, and after becoming abusive and insulting he assaulted her. Mrs. Heads defended herself vigorously, and Ryan was soon glad to go. He returned in an hour with another man, burst in the door and slit boles in the canvas walls of the house. Yesterday morning Mrs. H<'.i<i> reported (lie matter to Sergeant Mitchell who had the accused arres)ed. In answer to a letter sent to the Attorney-General recently, re (he advisability of having a Court of Quarter Sessions at lvalgonrlie, Mr. J. C. Sc&ndrelt;, the conncii clerk, has received the following :—"In reply to your letter dated June 28, 1 am instructed hv the hon the Attorney- General tn inform you that he is not. prepared to recommend the creation of a Court of Quarter Sessions at Kalsroorlie, and that under Ihe present law jurors must be summoned from lCalgoorlie for the Coolgardie court. The Jury Act may, however, come under consideration of Parliament next session, when ,thc question of the radius within which jurors are liable to serve will be considered." We learn (says the " Chronicle'') from Mr. R. M'Cracken, the manager, that lie intends to take proceedings against the Ladv Loch and Forrest King Gold Mining Companies for the non-payment of his salary from April to tlip present date. Mr, M'Cracken considers that he has been directly insulted by the directors of these com panics, or their attorney, sending to i person other than himself the moneys to pay the men during the recent trouble, and more especially on account of that gentleman being instructed not to pay tlie manager's salary. Mr. M'Cracken l.as also entered an objection to the application for exemption, to be heard next Saturday (to-day), on the grounds of non-payment of wages. A deed almost worthy of the Victoiia Cross was performed by a miner named Dooley in the Central Boulder mine, lvalgoorlie, on Monday. Dooley and his mate, who were engaged in sinking the main shaft Lelow the 150ft level, charged two holes, and while Dooley ascended the ladder the other lighteJ the fuses. Dooley reached tlie 100ft level safely, but his mate, after having cliuibed a part of the distance, fell to the bottom of the shaft, and being slightly hurt was unable lo get out of danger. Dooley, who had reached a place of security, heard a cry from hi mate, and, realising the situation and the immediate danger of his chum being blown to pieces, instantly descended to liis aid, and wrenched out the burning fuses before the charges exploded. Mr. J. A. Gorden, Oriental interpreter, writes from Fremantle to the Perth Morning Herald" to say that he has been desired by Mnllnh Mirza Khan, priest to the Mohammedan community in West Australia, to urge on (he white population a more kindly opinion for his community. The priest, who has been in this colony for over 10 years, has noticed a marked change in the treatment of his countrymen during this time. On his arrival here all Indians were treated kindly, but " since the arrival of Germans, French, Italians, Greeks, and other nationalities the minds of colonials seem to have been considerably biassed against his countrymen. The use of the word " oostali" is a cause of much offence when used by white people to Afghans and Indians. The difference between Afghans and Indians is also mentioned by Mullah Misza Khan, who undertakes to vouch for the loyalty and ood behavior of Indians, and sincerely hopes for a correspondingly good feeling oil the part o. r the white population. He calls to witness the good work in opening up the back country by means of the camels belonging to Afghans and Indians. At the Espprnuce police court on Wednesday William Anderson, formerly editor and manager of the Esperanee "Chronicle," and Alfred Gustafsen, laborer, were charged with breaking into and stealing 12 bottles of whisky and wine from the premises of Wolfe, Duuklcy and Co. on June 26. Evidence was given by the prosecution and by the police, who had traced the stolen goods tc the prisoners'camps. James Gill, formerly charged with receiving the stolen property, being discharged, now gave evidence against both prisoners, with whom he camped, stating that Gustafsen had admitted the robbery, and that the goods were brought to the cauip by Anderson. Both the accused were committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, bail to the amount of £300 being allowed. The Rev. A. Sangster w;|l conduct Presbyterian service in tl)e Mechanic*' Institute to-morrow, at ^ a u) an(j 7 p.m. The Silviit-i.in Army have arranged special fervioes for to-morrow, to which all non-church goers are invited. The services will be at 7 a.in ,11a m„ 3 p.m., and 7 p.m. Last evening a complimentary concert was tendered lo Mr. Joe Hastings in the Mechanics' Institute. The hall was crowded, so the financial side of the entertainment \v&% a pr.iiiou'iccd suece?s. The Victorian Cabinet have decided to issue 40.000 penny stamps, to be sold at Is each, and 10,000 twopennyhalf-penny stamps, t-i be sold at, 2s fid. After the ordinary postage is deducted the amount will be devoted lo illc funds of charities approved by the Goveriwrin- Couneil. At the Pleasant Sunday afternoon service to-morrow 'lie Rev. J. G. Jenlcin will deliver an address on Christian Socialism. An attractive musical programme has been prepared, consisting of solos by Mrs. McMeifcan ("The Promise of Life") and Mr. Easton, and anthems by the choir. A youns fellow named Webb, who mcntly did a tevm of imprisonment for being found by night on the premises of Mr. E. T. Metcalfe, wa< arrested last night by Constable O'Connor, and chargeil with being in unlawful possess • ion of stolen property. A further charge of being ,m idle und disorderly person will probably be also entered against him. The shipment of frozen meat from New isouth Wales to England is steadily increasing. Since the opening of the year compared with the corresponding months of 1S9G, show an increase of 112,415 carcases of mutton and 9992 of beef. During (he six months 466,383 carcases of mutton and 15,105 of beef were exported from Sydney, and 71,942 of mutton and 3091 of beef from Newcastle. The Westraliau Government is very unfortunate with its loans (says the London correspondent of the 51 el. bourne " Age " under date of May 21)- An attempt was made to throw the blame of the ultimate failure upon the Great Southern Railway Company, but it was pretty generally known by persons behind the scenes that the reason why the public did not subscribe to a 3 per cent, loan issued at 98 was because they thought, Western Australia was going too fast, and was borrowing too much. The market resented the recent loan being issued at 95, while hundreds of thousands of pounds of stock w->re in first hands which had been bought at over 96, and the tenders for the million opened last Friday amounted to only £708,GOO, taken at prices slightly over the minimum. The balance was taken up by the syndicate at £95, and the average price obtained foe the loan was £95 0s. lOd. Perhaps these two checks will make (lie Government of Western Australia realise, ihat there is a limit to its credit, and that the people of this country are not quite sure about the permanence of the Western Australian goldfields, or of the population upon them. The second meeting in connection with the pleasant Sunday afternoons inaugurated by the Methodist Church, was held in Ihe Mechanics' Institute, Coolgardie, on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Diainant, of Perth delivered an address oi "Sunday Observance." Ho pointed out the necessity of the Sabbath being kept intact. The present method of Sunday observance was enough to make men and angels weep, and he trusted that very soon a most emphatic protest against this business would he entered. Speaking as a business man, he would warn the young men that they were allowing the thin edge of the wedges to be used, and presently their employers would turn round and say that if they were able (o play football, ete., on Sundays they were quite as able to go to business, and he was sorry to say there were men in their midst who would not scruple to open their business on the Lord's day. He. would not say (hat in the past there was not an excuse for young men needing recreation when they had (o work from early morning till late at night, but now they enjoyed all the privileges of the eastern colonies in having the half holiday and 6 o'clock closing, there was not the ghost of mi excuse for the desecration of the Sabbath. He said we wete spoken about all over the world for our progressiveness, hut he was very sorry to say that in the old land and the other colonies we were spoken about as the worst of Sabbath breakers. The Rev. A. S. J. Fry trusted the time would come when the sacredness of the Sabbath would be observed, and pledged himself that so long as he was in Coolgardie lie would take his stand against the immorality and other evils that filled the city. During the afternoon a league was inaugurated, and about 50 persons gave in their names as members. 