\- ,.V,. PuauBHBD av Brxaux AmtaHewBST. The +. Lower's Quest. By ERNEST GLANV1LLE, : "v,;.V" , r' ;Al»thor ef " The Loit Heirem," "Tho Fosiiiakor," "A Fair Colonist,". ,, -v'h , " The Golden Rook," Ao., 4to. , ' rC®rltIOBT.J ; ' '..CHAPTER XV. ' : . ,) ' ' v. _ j XPK.CTANTLY .y pmA® Miles looked to- '' V ' 0hy He had boon think- ' '' ing much of hor, ' . f with a groat fccl- iSWT ing of pity for the . 1 ImT worn and tired little vHR. girl stranded tdonc ' gr' S among dangers in a W M wild country remote J from friends.' Bc- sides tho hold sho had made on him ' by her courage there wus another link that bound hor to him in his own mind. It was on her behalf ho had, after all,' ventured everything in leaving England, though knowing nothing of her existence. She had taken the place of the girl ho had seen in Wales. That exquisite fragment of a romance had faded into a background as misty as tho oarly morning in the Welsh moun tains, and though he would ncvor for got that incident, yet ho could not hope now cvor to sec her again. He had come, following the slightest thread in search of hor, only te find in her place another us desolate, us much in need of assistance, as he had imagined her te be. . Ho pitied this latest girl. Sho was so frail, and 60 much in need of tender ness, and he admired her, too, for her spirit. These two feelings uniting wero enough te inspire in him a deep and growing interest, an interest which ho persuaded himself partook of brothorly affection. So ho waited, thinking, with his eye fixed on the door ready te receive her as an old friend, un elder brother perhaps, when the door opened, and ho stood hesitating without a word, but with a fixed stare of wonderment. He had never thought of hor appear ing in woman's clothing. Ho had in his mind the figure of a slight, white- faced lad,' with largo sad oyes, ringed with black, and a small sensitive mouth; and here, framed in the low door, was a girl in a whito dress, simplo enough, hut changing her so much that ho scarcely ' knew it was she. Changed indeed sho was. There was a slight . colour in tho ehooks, replacing the deathly pallor, tho mouth no longer drooped, and about the corners of tho lips there was tlio ghost of a smile reflected in the clear bright eyes. So they stood and looked, and in her eyes, too, there canto a look of wonder, while the colour mounted on hor cheeks, for if sho had altered, so had ho sinco sho last saw him. Thon he was lagged, -black, with a rough heard, a haggard look, and oyes bloodshot from want of sleep. . He had stooped, too, as ho limped with his hoots broken, and never looked his hoight. ' This man was quite changed. He looked trim and tall, a little worn still, . his hands were rough aud raw on' tho knuckles, and his skin almost dark, hut his face was smooth and handsome. \- Thoy looked ouch other over, and ho , no longer felt that ' ho would play tho brother. ' With a smile of. unfeigned pleasure and delight ho stepped towards her, re covering -from bis surprise. 'Why,' ho said, 'you are changed. I am so glad te sec you looking 60 much -better.' .. > His voice was different too. It was no longer hoarse from exposure. She , / started hack with hor hands raised, and a look of greater wonder in her oyes. ' Why,' he said, ' you surely recognise me?' . t 'I think so,' sho murmured, with a ' rising colour) 'hut how strange. To think that wo should meet here, and not know eaoh other.' His hand foil to his side and he caught his breath as tho awful idea orosscd his mind that hor brain had sucoumbcd to the strain of the last fow days. 'I really beliove,' sho said, ' that you' ; do not know me- after all.' . ' . Something in her. voice this time vhaught his attention, something, too,- 1 . . in the way she tossed hor head. ' Gracious imavens !' ho cried, after ouo swift look? ; ' You aro Miss Storn- v .'dale.' |- She laughed and blushed, and ho stood silent, looking, ' Of course,' she said, ' and to think . wo should have been together all these days without either of us finding it out.' ' I was puzzled sometimes when I -looked at you,'- ho said slowly, scarcely knowing what he was saying. 'But you looked so——' 'And you were like a tramp, the most awful example of poverty and . ' lieglect I think I ever saw, with a voico : that terrified me. I am sure I could not have looked so much changed.' : ,' But you called yourself Miss Went- worth,' ho said. ' 'All ! that is a long story. Where iB my father?' 'Ho escaped. from this placo when , it war" captured.' . : ' Captured ! I thought we were in the y-';i'tl«iiidB of 'ftwnds.'- \- , ' So we are, . insomuch as the- are ,;V(rs;«fighting against a common enemy/ and '- 'ho explained thd position, after briefly ' referring te bis formor meeting with tho .-.-Arab' at Zanzibar. >' '' Grooto Adrinn went to Zanzibar, I y ' ii- wonder if he met you thero ?' 'I think I saw him,' -said Miles, 'grimly. 'I had business to do with K'-.\£Wn>» and. Us .methods were somewhat :: < « peculiar.', ' y Sho grow rod, and he of course at y once put it down te resentment at his .) reference to Adrian, or Stoffel, what-- V i. ever name the big scoundrel passed iaribt'/a ' man to he trusted,' lie :?v ;; laid eoldly. ' , Iv.-. ' My father trusted him,' sho answered ;'.;y:y;in a low voice, with a look of trouble, / ' and ho risked his lifo for mo,' k , , Bar u moi tent Miles was tempted to \- ' fihow her tin i Teal character of this man, \- whom- sho evidently respected if sho did 1 ' not lqve, to he refrained. - If he told , y.,) her allhokiew and suspeotod of tho , T ..-'inaii's ireachsry, not only to herself but- ' v- ./to her fathei , the shock and horror of it would bo- too- much for her to bear. He romninod silent, frowning at his thoughts. ' And you,' she said, looking up at him. with tears' in hor eyes. '1 cannot: find words to thank you for what you did, and for your great kindness to a poor girl.' ' And just now you said I was the. most awful example of a tramp you ovor saw.' Rho smiled through her tears, and he felt prompted then and there te fold her in his arms. ' Isn't it wonderful to meet you here ? I can soorcoly bolievo it yet,' ' Does it please you ? ' he said, softly. ' To moot a friend in tho wilderness ? How can you ask ? But how is it you came iu this country ? ' ' In search of you,' ho said quickly. ' Of me ? ' she whispered. ' Yes. I returned to "Wales to see you again, feeling that life held so dearer prize. You had gone ; but chuuco gave me a slight clue, and I left for Zanzibar on business, as I hoped, with your father. I was met by another man, kidnapped, and escaped. Still hoping thut I could not bo mistaken in your father's name, I camo on. Thero were many difficulties to overcome, hut, liUtlUJA UCUYliU; A WHS llgllU Sho stood silent, trembling. ' You do not ask why,' ho said. ' But you must know, Laura; it was for love of you.' He bent his head to look into her eyes, and at tho timid uplifting 'of them he took her in his arms. Outside thero was the sound of firm steps, and as they stood apart the door opened. ' Peace be to you, my friends, and in the morning happiness,' said tho Arab, gravely. 'But to-day tho men must watch.' She came to the stoop to see them go, and Miles, looking hack, saw her framed in tho doorway, glancing timidly around ut the fierce warriors, who suspended thoir occupations- to dwell upon overy point of her appearance. ' Do you think it safo to leave the houso ?' said Miles, hesitating, with a newborn fear in his heart; ' If thero wore whito men there, per haps not,' said the chief, darkly, 'but were one of those Zulus to enter the houso his comrades would slay him. What is tho chief's is tho chief's, and death to any who touches. If you fear, tell the girl to go in.' Bcfoi'o Miles could act sho had stepped out, and had taken one strap ping warrior by tho arm, studying with concerned face a long ugly gash. Tearing a strip from her handkorchief sho hound it round, thon scoing the wounded men in tho shed went thither, as Miles came up. ' I think it would be better,' he said, ' if you kept indoors.' She smiled up at him. 'Iam not afraid,' sho said. 'These men respoet thoso who do not fear them. Bcsidos, I am an experienced nurse, and they want attention.' Miles looked along the row of men, who had borne thoir injuries in silenco. Thoir black oyes, worn with fever, were fixed on tho white girl, and behind hor was a group of warlike figures, watch ful and silent. 'Havo no fear,' sho said. 'These men need help ' ; and she went down on her knees by the nearest man, whose left' arm had been broken by a blow from a korrie. ' God bless you ! ' ho murmured, and, leaving hor, ran off, while the men crowded in around her, making guttural remarks, and watching overy action with tho intontness of children. Ho soon joined the Arab, who waa walking to higher ground, accompanied by Hans and Maganu, whoso high uiumca UL LMUUJL luituiurs ecu uu weu ms lofty stature. About four hundred yards from tho house thoy stopped. Thoy wero then at the upper lip of the valley, To their right-was tho wood sheltering the enemy, whose position was marked by a haze of smoke and u small kopje rising among tho trees. Stretching 'north was tho loug valley through which thoy must travol, nan-owing at its further end te a defilo guarded by several isolated masses of rock. ' It is there,' said the chief, ' they would attack us if wo retreated. Can anyone see a sign of the enemy V He put this in Zulu to Hagana, who looked fixedly at the distant rocks. ' Peoplo havo gone that way,' he said. ' They loft before sunrise. Maybe they are in wuit. boyond,' 'Many?' ' Ou aye, a regiment.' ' I can see no sign,' said Miles, when this wo6 explained. 'Ja, sieur, the Kaffir is right,' said Hans. ' Look there,' pointing to the right. ' There is a line on the hillside. That is tho track the men made. The grass was wet when thoy moved, and they tramped it hard, the blades falling away from us pointing the way they wont.' ' Miles looked keenly at the old hunter. 'Ja, sieur, -It is so. The suu shines bright ou the flat of the grass lying away from us, showing it was beaten down that way. If the points were towards us wo could not sec the track.' ' If mon have gone that way,' said the Arab, it is to make an ambush for us in ease we retreat ; but to night they will find that we also can plan and strike too.'- They remained there long, mapping out tho country, and marking out the line3 to be followed that night in the attack upon the main camp of the enemy in' the thorns, and the recen- nuisanoq to the end of the. volley,. It was decided that tho shoikh was to lend the attack on the eamp, while Magana was to proceed downthovalley, and, if possible, unmusk the ambush which itwas supposed hadbeon formed. Miles, with ope hundred men and the wounded, was to be left in charge ofthe house. "When they returned to the enclosure thoy were greeted by the sound of laughter, and saw three natives walking proudly up aud down,: eaoh with a bandaged arm in a sling, and geBticulat- ing with their uninjured limbs boforo groups of their admiring comrades. In tho shade of tho wall were seated sovcrnl men with bandaged heads, while in the low shed itself, with her arms hare and skirts tucked up, was Laura, sowing up tho edges of a terrible wound in aman's shoulder. 'Mash Allah!' cried tho sheikh, gazing in astonishment at the slight figure, and at tho men who stood around showing their white teeth. ' This is a wonderful thing.' Laura looked up ut the sound with a little frown. ' Aro you the chief man ? ' The Arab nodded gravely. ' What do you mean by leaving theso men uncared for ? . Thoy have fought for you well, and your first care should havo been for thera.' The, Arab smiled'in his beard. ' This place must be scrubbed out. I have told these men to do it, but thoy simply laugh, and tho girl in the house can do nothing but wring hor hands. Don't staro at mo like that. Set them to work lest tho flies and the evil smell of tho place breed a sicknoss.' 'Was any man ever talked to liko this?' muttered tho chief, turning. to Miles, who was all the timo frowning at hor, 'but there is sense in her words.' He stalked away inside, whilo Milos begged her to go in and let him attend to tho wounded. ' You can help,' she said, giving him a wan Bmilo, for the work had been terrible. ' You cannot imagine how patient the poor things are. They have waited each man in turn, speaking nothing, but following me with their black eyes.' Miles was soon down on his knees, and then Hans, whpso knowlcdgo of rough doctoring was'unequalled, went to work. His first patient, however, violontly objected to be treated by him, and excitedly pointed at Laura, so that the old hunter was tempted to give up tho work in disgust, hut that Miles, knowing his skill, gave up his place. Tho Arab roturned with a bucket of limo, and Milos sprinkled this about. After this extra rations were served out, 'and the wounded men served with brandy and tobacco. In the afternoon Miles set about strengthening the littlo fort. He was not at all sure that the sheikh's plans for scaring, the enemy would succeed, and he saw that if Stoffel were warned in time of the departure of two parties from the camp ho wpuld probably deliver a counter attack, and at the same timo out off tho raiders. He set a party of men to out down tho stunted thorns, and after yolaymg the wire at a .distance of twenty yards, secured tho thorns firmly to the wire, thus making an outor barrior. This done, ho de creased the spaeo to bo dofonded by running tho north and south walls to an angle, its upcx facing west. This work kept tho bulk of the men em ployed till evening, whon Magana, with twenty-five men, slipped away for his long night tiip to the far end of tho vulloy, with ordors to surprise tho onomy if ho found him, make a sudden attack, and thon retiro quickly. , ;,An hour .later the sheikh, with twenty-five- -men, loft for tho more dangerous enterprise of attacking the main body of the enemy in the woods. Miles was left in command. Ho had had no opportunity of speaking alono with Laura since the morning, and now his anxioty was too great to permit any such indulgence. He saw the men at their posts, and was standing looking out into tho night whon a light touch fell on his arm. She was at his side with a light shawl over her head, and her eyes shining us he looked down' into them. They paced to and fro in silence, she with hor face to the stars, and he straining his ears for sounds out \ of the night. 'How peaceful and quiet,' she whispored, standing still. 'I don't romerahor to have felt boforo so fully the beauty and awe of tho brooding sky and silent earth.' Still it was, beyond belief. Tho men stood to thoir position, indistinct, except for tho gleam of their eyes ; making no sound, and no stir camo from without. ' To mo it is liko tho quiet boforo a storm, ho replied. Sho sighed, and her hand fluttered on his arm, to suddenly lighten us a deep voice hailed out of tho dark and the stillness. 'Englander!' it called. There was a sharp rattle of metal as the mon brought their rifles to tho wall. ' Go insido; dearest,' whispered Miles. Then loudor, ' "Who calls ?' to be contihdsd.J 