SIFTINGS. The Mayor of Brighton now rides a ' bike.' A serial story will be commenced in this paper next Saturday. The Brighton Council invites appli- cations for a working overseer. The Brighton Brass Band will hold a social in the Caledonian hall on Wednes- day, 25th inst. Hurlingham Cricket Club's annual meeting at the Rechabite Hall next Thursday evening. The shopkeepers of East Brighton will in future observe every Thursday after- noon as a half-holiday . Cr Burgess, of Moorabbin, will oppose Mr Moule M.L.A., at the forthcoming Parliamentary election. The G. Company Victorian Rangers hold their eighth annual concert and ball at Cheltenham on the 9th September. Moorabbin Council meets at 4.30 p.m., on Monday, when the president for the ensuing twelve months will be elected. A lecture will be given by Mr T. S. Hall on ' The Geology of Melbourne ' at the Brighton Free Library on Tuesday evening, 24th inst, Messrs Keogh and Allard report a large attendance and good prices at the furniture sale held at 'Odcombe,' Toorak, last Wednesday. The sale realised over £600. The half-yearly meeting of the share holders in the Moorabbin Co-operative Society, Limited, will be held in the Cheltenham Mechanics' Institute this evening, A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr J. C. Baker, who is a candidate for the vacancy in the Central Ward, will be held at Holbing's Town Hall Hotel next Monday evening. Cr W. J. Carre Riddell has been elected president of the Shire of Caulfield. Cr Biddell, who resides at Elsternwick, is a member of the firm of Hamilton, Wynne and Riddell, solicitors. The Railway Hotel, North Brighton was sold last Thursday by Messrs C. J and T. Ham, (in conjunction with Mr S P. Simmonds) for £10, subject to mort- gages of about £6500. The youth James Lambert, who was committed for trial by the Cheltenham bench on July 21st, on charges of embezzlement and larceny, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment on Wednes- day. With a view to work being provided for the unemployed, registers have been opened at the Town Hall, Brighton, and the Shire Hall, Cauifield, for recording the names of persons seeking employ- ment Crs Allard, Bent and Davies have been re-elected without opposition. For the vacancy in the Central Ward created by the resignation of Cr Falkingham, Messrs James C. Baker and William A. Adamson are candidates. The originator of the Moorabbin jubilee children's fete and arbor day, Mr de Henzell Storey, should be gratified at the successful result of his suggestion. Both events show a credit balance and arrange- ments were carried out without a hitch. At the next meeting of the Cheltenham Branch of the AN.A., to be held on Wednesday next, a lecture will be given by Mr Webb-Ware, secretary of the Free Trade League, on 'Commercial Freedom.' The public is invited ; discussion will be allowed at the close. Mr A. C. Wilson, son of Brighton's mayor, who has been studying at Dookie College for the past two years, carried off a number of the best prizes at that College last week. In addition to receiving several scholarships Mr Wilson gained the coveted honor of being dux of the College. An electoral revision court for the supplementary list for the Southern Division of the Electoral District of Toorak and for tbe CauIfield East Division of the Electoral District of the Eastern Suburbs was held at Caulfield yesterday. The lists were revised and passed as cor- ect. At 'Wyndcote, ' Tennyson-street, Brighton, on Tuesday next at 11 o'clock, Messrs Keogh and Allard, in conjunction with G. B. Appleton, will offer the hand- some and well kept furniture of Mrs Elliott. Over 450 lots are catalogued, including some first- class furniture and three bi- cycles. In the Brighton Drill Room next Tuesday evening a concert and cantata will be given by St. Andrew's Auxiliary . Choir assisted by friends The price of tickets is 1s and all surplus funds, after paying the necessary expenses of the choir, will be devoted to the Home for Destitute Children. At the meeting of the Shakespeare Society on Friday last Dr J. P. Wilson, of Middle Brighton, read a paper upon 'Phases of Affection.' . He kept the audience in a simmer and his philosophic and critical analysis of the many-sided passion of love was worthy a scholar and a man of the world. In Dr Wiison's hands ridicule is a keen weapon. The directors of the East Brighton Hall Co. received applications last Satur- day for the position of caretaker and secretary. Although several applied no appointment was made owing to the re- muneration asked being too high. It is probable one of the directors will do the necessary secretarial work without re- muneration. The legality of this, how- ever, is questionable, as the new Com- panies Act states that no director shall hold office. The following is the syllabus of the Cheltenham branch A.N.A. for the cur- rent term : — August 18, lecture by mem- ber of Free Trade league ; September 1 , lecture on 'Insect Pests'. September 15, . cinderella dance ; October 13. . lecture on silk culture (illustrated) ; October 27, card tournament , November 10. open ; Novem- ber 24 visit from North Melbourne branch; December 8. nominations of officers : December 22 election officers -, January 5, 1898, quoit match. A concert, to which his Excellency Lord Brassey and Lady Brassey have kindly given their special patronage, will be held at the Town Hall, Brighton, in aid of the Brighton Yacht Club, on Thursday even- ing, 9th September. Miss Maggie Stirling, the Cathedral Quartet Party, and other artists, will take part in the programme. Mr Robert Law, of Cochrane street, will also give an exhibition of limelight views. Tickets. 2s 6d each, may be obtained at Allans, Collins street, or from any member of the club. . Mr de Henzell Storey, hon. treasurer of the Moorabbin Jubilee Fete committee, writes : — ' In your advertising columns appears the balance-sheet of the Moorab- bin Jubilee Arbor Day. The committee decided to donate the credit balance of 19s 5d to the Convalescent Home for Children, Sandringham, and a further sum of 12s 6d, being the credit balance of the committee's private subscriptions after presenting an illuminated address to the hon. sec , Mr E. McSwain, has at that gentleman's request been forwarded to the same institution. Permit me to express the hope that Arbor Day will, in future, become an annual function in Moorabbin. On Monday evening the officers of the Elsternwick branch of tbe A.N A. enter- tained the members at a smoke night. A capital programme of songs and recita- tions was given by Messrs E. Waldron, A. Nuttall, R. John, and Messrs Sandow, Herbert, Sayers, Tullett (Possum Musical Society), Messrs P. R Chadwick and Miller (of the Druids) and Mr Poole. Mr Sam Edwards acted as accompanist in his usual efficient style, and at the con- clusion Mr Edwards moved a hearty vote of thanks to the officers for the manner in which they had entertained the members. On Monday evening next the branch will debate the subject 'Should the Totalisa- tor be Legalised ' with St. Kilda branch for the inter-branch debate competition. The meeting is open to visitors, especially to those interested in debates. It is wonderful how readily some people believe stories of a supernatural character and how they grow under the play of imigination until they reach such a pitch that many of the gentle sex — and for that matter some of their brothers — are afraid to traverse paddocks after dark and would suffer death almost rather than go through a church yard. The Brighton ' ghost ' story is a case in point. It is said to have originated in this way. Somebody said to somebody in somebody else's hearing that it was about this time last year that a ghost appeared in Brighton. It was easy for the hearer to mistake the present for the past and so the seeds of rumour were sown that the ghost was about. The police, who ought to know, say there is nothing in the story and that it arose in the manner described. All kinds of re- ports have reached us relative to the 'ghost, ' and we have made full enquiries in every case and find that they are with- out foundation. With the approach of spring the im- provement in trade noted in the beginning of the year is more pronounced. Most business houses affirm that though not experiencing a boom in trade, there is a steady expansion and the new business done is of a substantial character. The building trade is quiet, though at Sandring- ham and Black Rock during the past month several villas have been erected, in the majority of cases, carried thither on jinkers, drawn by 8 and 10 horses. Mr E. A. Smart, solicitor, has purchased the homestead and five acres, lately occupied by Mr Marriott- Watson at Black Rock at the very low figure of .£1000. The board of management of St. Leonard's Presby- terian Church are looking for a suitable hall to conduct services in at Sandring- ham. As they are prepared to lease a suitable building for three years at £25 a year, it is probable some go a head Sandringham speculator will build a hall for them that can be utilised during the week for concerts etc. 