OorVBIOHT. CHAraEB XXVI.-THE NEW MASTER OK ORSDEK Moss. A week or two had passed away, and matters iii tho village of Orsden Grueu were flowine aloDg very much in the channels they had pursued prior to the sudden death and inquest upon Aaron Shclvockc and tho old watchman. Thc three relatives of the late Master of Orsden Mall »ere residing together at thc big house, and, save for the absence of their uncle's genial presence, there was little change Ccrceptiblc. Si ill there was a difference ctweeu Mat and Levi and Naomi-a difference which each individual of thc trio felt most cleurly, ami yet endeavoured neither to sec nor feel. Shortly after the iuterinent of Aaron Shel vocke the " last will and testament " of the deceased iniueowncr was produced by Mr. George Scott, the Coleclough solicitor, whom the testator had constituted his legal adviser. That document was duly Attested and proved, ita validity wasncver questioned, aud Matthew Shelvocke, Esq., stepped practically into the shoes of his doad kinsman. To his niece, Naomi Shelvocke, Aaron had bequeathed the comfortable sum of five thousand pounds, free of legacy duty ; to his nephew, Mr. Levi Blackshaw, two-filths of that amount : all else, with the exception of small legacies to old friends and servants, became the absolute property of " My dear nephew Matthew," to have and to hold un- conditionally for ever. Thus the young mine-manager found him t self suddenly lifted trom a comparatively obscure position to one of considerable importance, ioBuence, sud wealth. The exact amount of the fortune he hod inherited waa difficult to estimate ; it could not be less than twenty thousand pounds, and probably might run to five or ton thousand more. But for many days Mat did not trouble hiß brain much with thoughts of his newly acquired affluence and dignity. He waa surprised that his uncle bad treated him so generously ; was delighted to have placed in his hands such undying and indisputable proof i of ¿Bron Shelvocke's goodwill and eBteem, and while ho felt sorry in a sense that his two cousins had less cause to remember their dead kinsman afiectiouately, there were other matters that pressed upon him for attention. The day after the burial of bis uncle's remains Mat proceeded to the colliery as usual, descended the mines, and discharged the ordinary duties of the position to which he had grown accustomed. To all the miners his manners and methods remained unchanged ; he was still their manager, and they were his co- workers, und a stranger to the pits would never have imagined that Mat was lord and master of all he surveyed. He was quieter than of old, more reticent and thoughtful, but not less kindly and considerate to the workers -ou the Moss. His finely-marked brown face had grown paler and graver, as if his outlook upon life had undergone some deep change ; and thc look of introspection and speculatiou which had become habitual with him now gave rise to many surmises. The 'defection of Lettice Forrester was still a thorn in his side, and Btrive as he would to put all thought of her behind him, the ghost of his strong, young love refused to be laid. Every time his eyes rested upon the fair woman the wound bled anew ; and sometimes, when he caught her sadly reproachful, soft, blue eyes upon him, he felt inclined to ques- tion the truth of what he had seen. And apart from this trouble of the heart be bad other, and perhaps graver, anxieties. There was the mystery surrounding bis unole's Btrange end ; Naomi's sudden resolve to quit tbe village for good-a resolution Aaron's death seemed to have swept away ; and, finally, the unknown trouble wbich appeared to have arisen between his uncle and Levi Blackshaw. Why'Aaron Shelvocke had deserted Naomi in Wales, and come back secretly to Orsden Green, was a riddle to which Mat in vain sought the key. Tbe more he cudgelled his brains for a solution of the puzzle, the more enigmatical the mystery became ; and, sti'l, even when the fogaround him seemed thick* nt. Mat felt most positive that there was much to be discovered. On various occasions Mat had visited the never-to-be-forgotten spot in the airways where his uncle's dead body was found. Sometimes he bad taken the under-looker or fireman with him, and together they had tried vainly to disentangle the Gordian knot. Even when alone he was not more success- ful in his mental gropings. He was J ke a man struggling blindly in the dark : and cum which way he would, peer here and there as he might, no ray of light caine to him. ".The stone that had been lound resting on Aaron Shelvocke's broken skull still remained intact, propped againBt the side of the repaired gallery. Again and again the young man had bent his gaze upon that slab of rock, into the grain of which some portion of his uncle's life blood had sunk, and wondered what story it would havo unfolded could it but speak. When Mat had ordered the massive fragment to be placed aside and preserved he had thought that the texture of the rock would reveal from which part of the roof it bad fallen ; but examination of thc various layers of slaty-Bhale composing the roof bad proved fruitless, and be was still unable to say whether the stone bad fallen accidentally on thc buried man, or been flung there purposely. On tho night following the inquest at Orsden Hall, Mat had made his way to the colliery on the Moss with the intention of speaking to the night winder, Stanforth, who had volun- teered to give information before the inquiry terminated. Mat had been strongly impressed by what the man had stated ; had wondered greatly that the important point he bad raised was not considered more carefully by the coroner and jury ; and it was to satisfy himself more thoroughly on the matter that he sought his workman. It waB nearly midnight when Mat crossed the bank of thc pits und entered the engine house, the door of whioh stood ajar. He found Staaforlh alone with that evening's paper in Iiis hand, and thc anxious took on the man's face showed the manager how mitlers stood. The following conversation took place between them : " Good night, Luke," he cried, genially, in order to set the engineer at MB ease. "I daresay you can guess why I have called to see yon ?" "I think I can, sir," Stsnforth had answered. " I am sorry-very sorry, sir, but I thought it was my duty to speak. "Of course it was, and I'm glad you did your duty 1" Mat rejoined, fraukly. " But there is one thing I want you to do first of all, Luke. Rid your mind of all uneasiness on my account, will you Î So far from blaming you for what you said, I am only sorry that you didn't speak out sooner. "I ought to ha' done so, mcster, but I didn't like," the man said slowly. " That's it. You didn't like, Luke ; and I know why you didn't like. You kept your mouth closed on my account, and you only opened it becauBe you were half- afraid of of what might happen to you if you kept back what you happened to know." "That's God's truth, sir I" Stanforth exclaimed, fervently. " I know it is. I could see how reluctant you were to come forward- how disagreeable it was to tell what you knew-and I knew also why you were sc uneasy about it all. You thought that if old Dan Coxall spoke the truth to you, wheo he said my uncle was going down the pit with his nephew, tho nephew in question was myself." " What else could I think, sir Î I knowed you went down the pits at a' hours, an' who else-!" " Ves, I see it all, Stanlorth," Mat brose in. "God knows I didn't go with him. How could I when I was travelling all that night between ten and twelve o'clock ! But someone went down with my uncle, aud what I have to discover ¡B, who that mau was ?" "That's it, mostert" Stallforth replied. " But on'y owd Dan Coxallcau tell you that." "And he ¡8 beyond speaking," Mat re- joined, with a low, dogged vehemence. " But," he added with sparkling eyes. " I will find out-1 will Sud out, if 1 spend the whole of my life and my uncle's fortune in the work." The man did not nu.kc any rejoinder, but his face showed that Mat's words and manner had made an impression upon him. What- ever he might have thought before, it was easy to sec that he no longer believed that MB young master had accompanied his old em- ployer when he went into thc min.- that night. Feeling Btill far from satisfied, Mat made it Iiis business on the day following to call upon Sergeant Roberts, to whom lie explained his own feeliugs of uneasiness concerning the manner of his kinsman's death. Thc SUB Sicious circumstances surrounding the tragedy emanded the most earnest and careful investigation, SDd, if thc officer deemed an inquiry necessary, he was prepared to employ one of the smartest detectives that could bc found in England. The officer listened patiently, and when Mut had concluded spoke freely, yet nilli the caution peculiar lo a shrewd palicetiun. It was, he admitted, a singular thing that Aaron Shelvocke should stcul away from Wales and go into his own mines under cover of the night ; but singular things were happening every day in the world, if one only cared to take note of them, As Mat knew, his uncle had hhi own way of looking at things, and, probably, when he paid that unexpected and secret visit to the colliery he was only doing so to satisfy him- self that everything was being properly attended to in his absence. Unfortunately, hÏB perhaps excusable curiosity had cost him his life. As for old Coxall'u statement to the man at the engines that Shelvocke was accompanied by one cf his nephewB, that could be easily understood and explained. Aaron and tbe watchman were old friends, and the master, in all probability, had taken Dan into his confidence. Hence the statement that two were to go down the pit, when in reality only one man wished to go. " But who came up the pit Borne time after- wards ?" Mat queried, unsatisfied. " No one came up," was the answer. " Luke Stanforth only imagines somebody di'). But as no one was working that night I suppose he would have plenty of time to dream of things, wouldn't he ?" Feeling that it WSB useless to argue the point further Mat desisted. Betides, the only basis be had for argument was suspicion, which might prove groundless. Hence he returned to the Hall with a mind still filled with vague misgivings and intangible doubt«. In the days that followed there was no exchange of opinion between either two of the three cousins regarding the remarkable way in which their joint benefactor had come by his death. Various matters which had happened prior to that ead event had set a seal upon the lips of Mat snd Naomi, and Levi BlackBhaw never alluded to the tragedy even in the remotest way. Occasionally the new master of Orsden Hall wondered why the dead man had set him on watch and guard against Levi, and although Mat and Naomi had spoken of that matter in Wales neither had ever ventured to renew the discussion. And thus two or three weeks wore away, the trio of coueins living under the same roof, eating often at the same table, con- versing with each other with apparent freedom, yet with an unseen but quite palpable clond of restraint hanging over them aU. Sometimes Mat attributed this lack of heartiness and good feeling to his own great fortune. Levi and Naomi were inclined' to resent the undoubted partiality his uncle had shown him at. their cost. He was no nearer than they were tn the dead man, and it was unnatural that one should take almost all, to the exclusion of others who were also his own flesh and blood. Thus Mat thought at times, and then he would smile in a grave, forgiving way. In time he would show them be was far from mercenary ; for the nonce there was more to think of thau mere worldly gear. One morning about this time, Mat Shel vocke found among the batch of communica- tions the earliest post brought him a letter which startled and annoyed nim not a trifle. Almost the first glance at the missive aroused a keen interest in his breast, and when be turned to the anonymous signature appended to thc note he thrust the sheet into his pocket, with an effort to appear indifferent, which did not escape the prying eyes of his cousins who were at breakfast with him. Half-an-hour later when be was alone Blaokshaw had gone to tho colliery offices, and Naomi was attending to the duties of tbe household-Mat turned to the letter again, read it through carefully, and pondered its contents deeply. This was what he read : "Dear Sir,-What I am about to tell you will most likely annoy you very much, but as I think you ought to know what is going on around you, and being said, more or less openly, every day about you, I intend to speak frankly, even brutally if need be. Hence, I wish you to consider most carefully what I say. I dare not give you my name but you may without much difficulty BatiBfy yourself that what I warn you against is true. " Perhaps I do not need to tell you that the events of the past two or three weeks have made you the most prominent man in all the village. As the new master of Orsden Hall, the new owner of Orsden Colliery, you have become a public charaoter, and the sudden way in which you have leaped, cr been thrust, into a position involv- ing importance, riches, dignity, and respon- sibility, haB made you a public targetat which one and all may shoot their poisoned arrows. "That is the plain truth. You are the target, and shafts of envy, malice, hatred, and spleen are being shot day by day at you. If you care for your good name you will see to thiB matter at once. While all kinds of venomous innuendoes are flying about from one gossip's tongue to another you have no right to sit idly by with folded arms doing nothing. " Do you know what folks arc saying ? They are saying that Aaron Shelvocke's deatli was not the mystery it appears ; that one man could say something about it if be cared to speak ; that the mysterious death was a fine thing for the man who stepped into his uncle's shoes ; that it was remakable Mat Shelrocke should be away in Wales that night when the night engine-tenter thought he had gone down the pit with his uncle.; that the engine-tenter sheltered his now master as far as possible ; and that thc coroner did the same thing. " Nay, more than this. It ie being whispered about that there is some connection somewhere between the deaths of the mine master and his old watchman-each had a bloody end within an hour or two of each other ; and it is even said that thc polloe, though apparently asleep, are working quietly. "All these things, ' repeat, and a thousand others are being sai<, and at your expense. Of course, you knov nothing. The talkers dare not talk when y 1 are hy. Even those who respect and adm i you are compelled to ÜBten to the gossip, ii hey don't join in it." " I have told you all this that you may act. Someone is working against you in the dark. I havo my suspicions, but I will not name them. Vou aro a man and strong to think and do where your honour-perhaps your life-may be at stake. "I finish now. This letter has cost me much pain lo write. For your sake alone I have written it. But you may reat assured that I shall continue to watch. I aign my- self, " Only A Friend." [To be continued.) 