I One or Two Ghosts. THE first ghost, of which the follow- ing is an account, is no mere creation of romantic fancy,' but a record of facts, or what honestly seemed to be facts to the narrator. The lady who tells the story, with her husband and one domestic, took a house in a deserted mining town on the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains. The front door opened straight into a sitting-room, which opened into another ; these again led iuto bedrooms. The kitchen was behind, and there was a large cellar. The agent who let the house frankly admitted that it was " haunted" hence the low rent. After the first night in the new house the servant girl complained that she heard a baby, crying-and as there was no baby according to the flesh in the house, she departed instantly. Next, when the lady of the bouse was alone she heard a terrible combat taking Claco in the ' cellar, ending with a eavy thud. She did not go down into the cellar. On the same night heavy footsteps were heard about the house, but no owner of the feet could be discovered. The fight in the cellar was investigated by the occu- pant with a revolver' on another occasion, but he could not even detect the presence of rats. He occasionally pursued the viewless owner of tho toet which echoed in the corridors, I but to no avail ; the sounds with- drew into empty bedrooms. The baby became unbearable, as no means are known of stopping the wailing of a spectral infant in the night. Affairs got worse and worse, until"a strange thing happened"-the climax, the crisis, was roached. On the glass pane _ of a window a picture became visible'; in it wus represented a skeleton standing erect, the figure of a child kneeling to the skeleton, and "in the corner of tho pane a red-colored hand." According to tho neighbours _ this amazing picture had been visible throe years earlier. " lt comes all of a sudden, and ye'll never get it off." And, indeed, the picture could not be rubbed out. It naturally excited a. great deal of curiosity, large crowds assembling to look at it ; but unfor- tunately it got broken-a fate which had, no doubt, happened to the previous picture. There is not much moro to tell. More people heard the noises-the baby, the terrific combat in the cellar, and the footsteps which ranged the house. No one pretends to have seen any ghosts, and the only clue that could be gained was from an old miner, who declared that the house had been a gambling and drinking saloon, and that two mon had engaged in mortal combat with bowie-knives in the cellar. But il' this accounts for the trouble in thu cellar, where the heroes, aB in Val- halla, fight their battles over again, it leaves the baby, and the skeleton, and the blood-red hand as obscure as over. Some of the most terrible ghosts find an ignominious end in " explana- tion." In a little hamlet in Norfolk one of tho lanes was known to bo haunted by a ghost which took the form of a frightful old woman, with too large flapping ears growing out of the top of her hoad, and with the power to belch forth fire as she walked. This is how that ghost came to bo laid. One night in the late autumn a young laborer was returning home by way of the haunted lane. Being a little " fresh" he cared nothing for ghosts, but was singing noisily. But suddenly a light appeared across the field. There, coming towards him, was the ghost, an old woman with flapping ears, her ghastly face lighted up by the lurid glow of a fire which she seemed to bo carrying in her hands. ? . The moment Hodge recovered himself ho set off for home, where he double-bolted tho door, and nearly scared his wife out of her wits. Great was the consternation at the farm the next morning when the story was known. As for Mrs. Hodge, she lost no time in going to consult with old Betty, the crone whose cottage stood at tho end of the haunted lane. Betty, however, had a story which she insisted on telling first. In the singsong drawl peculiar to tho folk of East Anglia, she ex- claimed : - . . '< Why, what was t' matter wi' that gret fule of a man o' yourn' last night ? Was he boozed I" And, without stopping, for an answer, she went on to toll how she had been spending tho evening with "old Liza' across, the field, and on coming away had-borrowed Liza's warming pan with " a handful o' fire." With tho pan in her hands she had sot out. She hoard Hodge singing on' the way home, and saw him stop all at once and then bolt. " Ho thought it was the ghost," said his wife, the true state of things ? beginning to dawn upon her. ." But," doubtfully, he said it had great flapping ears ?" " Ears ?" grunted Betty impatiently. " Flapping ears, indeed I Why, when I had my hands full with tho warming pan I jest clapped my sun bonnet on anyhow- wrong side up. Them's his flapping oars !" That ghost was never heard of again. 