CHAPTER XI.-Orvn,isA.TroN í A more beautiful day does not exist, even in the memory *br that newspaper myth, " the oldest inhabitant." Beal " Queen's weather "- sponsors the opening of the Fiery Gross railway. For weeks past the town has discussed little else, ana as tho big ditch came near the town, bombs rent the air, ana stones flew upwards, the interest increased. To-day the excitement has reached the climax. Before eight the town is full of men, beasts and vehicles. Indians, Af ghanB, Europeans and colonials hurry to the terminus, where yello w and blue ribbons bar the progress of civilisation. Is the vice regal train signalled yet P Punctuality being à royal virtue it is reasonable to expect that the representa- tive of the little lady over whose dominions the sun never sets will arrive at the time specified ; but* l'homme pro- pose et Dieu dispose K even of vice regal Sersonages, and the Commonality is not ef randed of its bii-thright-patience. The ribbons floating in a gentle breeze are emblamatie of the event, the crowd bas assembled to commemorate. If humanity did not keep its rattles, dolls ana tops, the generations would disintegrate. " Our distinguished visitors bring civilisation with them," say the newspapers, and the crowd rejoices thereat, big words being the bug-bears of ignorance. The crowd chaffs and laughs, sings catches of comic songs, and waits for civilisation to break through the coloured ribbons and many the field to Perth. Poor Perth! In the foreground are boys who have .discarded the Miner foi- express carts. They smoke cigarettes and discuss business. " What's a- man to do if the police won't let him on the platform," ie the burden of their conversation, and they eye disapprovingly the magnificent constables whose horses caracole in front of them. Behind the boys stand women in gala dress, wives of miners and pros Eectors who have followed their hus ands into the sandy wilderness, and weather-beaten men, who talk of the time when nuggets would not buy a drink of water, and men let the skin peel from their faces before venturing into a township. Further back sit citi- zens in buggies and traps, with their wires and olive branches, people who have " risen," whose ambition it is to forget the past and accommodate them- selves to the present. Most of these rank as " mining agents," combining a" variety of employments with scavenger ing the money market. They possess the characterists of "bookies to a great extent, and but for their wives; would not be ambitious. But women are adepts at social gymnastics, and seldom lose a chance of promotion through cir- cumstances. -, It is easy to climb the society pole in a new place, more especially when one is devoid of a sense of the ludicrous, and has. a wholesome contempt for the .slightsrand, snubs of those alittle nearer the bun. Alas I if ihe "pole breaks!,: Ajas! if. a slump, local or general takes away the house- hold'slavey, the ball tickets, and the committee.' 4 _ Th© mayor's four-in-hand dashes up, and the master of the ceremonies says a few words to the inspector of police, but does not stay, fearing perhaps that his Îresence may dazzle the commonality, ?eading men come and go, on foot or j horseback. A band plays ' Auld Laug Syne " which sets " t'othersiders " think- ing of the brave and young and strong who lie under the glistening gum trees, with a rude cross, or a bunch of ¡ everlastings to mark their resting-place, j There is Nelly, the pioneer's native, who nursed them when ill, now queen of the ; aborigines. She walks about with a smile on her ugly face, holding a long ¡ wand in one hand and lifting up a I salmon-coloured garment^with the other. | Bare feet, spindle leg3 and arms, thick black hair in thick curls, and eyes that j seem to speak a variety of languages, j make up the personality of Queen Nelly, i After her comes a black tracker-Spider ; -alert and mischievous, and a train of dogs and picanninies. Japanese have left theil- laundries and soft drin1- shops to see the fun and hear the music. Indians hover on the outskirts of the crowd, and in the ' background are grouped Afghans with theil- camels. The Mohammedan priest is there-90 on his own statement, and said to be Rooking out for a pretty European wife. Europeans may envy him his rejuvenescence. Suddenly there is a lull, time to draw breath, and then a loud shout, for a thread of white smoke is seen rising in j the distance. - The band plays "See the j Conquering Hero Comes," and the people press nearer to the platform» Then another shout goes up. for a faint, ghost-like whistle tells that the train is cómitíg. The Warden drives up with bis wife, the " leading men " mount the platform, the mayor arrives with a flourish, and then the heavily- freighted train comes slowly to its destination. Now the crowd is agog with excite- ment, and but for the police would scale the platform ; but the constables wheel their horses backwards-a silent but all sufficient way in which to make room for His Excellency. It is not often that the desires of .our hearts are granted to us-we*: are too ambitious j but the Governor's, wish has been given him, and he looks -no more no less than an English gentleman wben he steps bare-headed, from .the train. The people cheer, the band plays " God save the Queen," while he bows and smiles his acknowledgements. Then Her Vice-Regal Highness and Their Vice-Regal Highnesses and Suite im- merge from carriages, and fresh cheers go up, but not so loud as the first, for it is whispered that her ladyship has for- gotten to order a new dress for the auspicious event; and that the costume she has on is the one she . wore on arriv- ing in the colony. The women are chilled at once, and the men consequently lack stimulus. But the depression does ? not last long, for the engine is detached from the 'train, and as it puffs through the ribbons, His Excellency declares the line open. Cheers and shouts welcome the union of the field with the capital -the marriage of the new woman with the old man. It is not a union of. hearts, but of conflicting interests ; and perhaps the Premier feels this, for his jovial face has a cloud upon it while he follows the Governor into the Warden's carriage, which leads the way to Bow-street. In the rear follow men, women, and children, buggies, carriages and donkey carts, horses and camels, all helter skelter, shouting, cheering, and kicking up the dust ; bands play, camels grunt, as the strange cavalcade sweeps to- wards the Warden's residence. Bow-street kresplendent. Flags bearing black swans, the national emblem, groups of aborigines with theil* native^ weapons, many coloured bunting, artificial flowers and tinsel paper, make the scene unique if semi-barbaric. The Governor is lost in a cloud of dust so is all of his aide-de-camp-in-chief save a supercilious smile worthy of Thomas Yellowplush. On this gentle- man lies the burden of upholding the vice-regal state, of avoiding the familiarity that breeds contempt, of meteing out favours to the crowd, and and keeping the elite at a proper distance. He unites in his person the offices of chamberlain, gentleman-in-waiting, sec- retary, and vice-regal confidant. Little wonder that he looks a trifle bored, a contemptuous ! 