THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 5, 1897. CELEBRATING THE QUEEN’S JUBILEE. Now that it has been definitely decided that the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee shall be com- memorated in Bendigo by the erection of a statue, either of the Queen or of some suit- able allegorical design, some attention may be given to the mode of celebrating the day itself. In some quarters this question has almost given rise to as much discussion as the channel into which the thanksgiving offerings of the people should be directed. Amongst many novel suggestions in the London press, was one that the day should be celebrated by every man, woman and child in the British Empire stopping in bed all day. The humorist who suggested the idea claims that “for a whole nation to sleep for 24 consecu- tive hours, without the aid of a Manx novel, would be something unprecedented. More- over, it would involve a total cessation of noise. Absolute silence would reign over the happy lands ruled by the Queen. The voice of the milkman would be hushed, and the yelling small boys would be at rest. In addition to the unspeakable happiness which very few of us have ever known, the cares and trouble of life would vanish for at least one day, for the average man puts off his trouble with his clothes when he goes to bed at night. The author’s ob- jection to calling at Windsor Castle, and submitting plans for the celebration, is that her Majesty is already overwhelmed with callers, every one of whom has some plan of his own. Long before the Queen gets to the end of these ???? ??? ???? countless plans she will regret that her reign has lasted so long as it has. His idea is to make the grand silent celebration a complete surprise to her Majesty. When she awakes on the dreaded morning, and finds that instead of cannon balls, Salvation Army bands and sermons by Dr. Parker, a great silence broods over the land, she will be filled with thankful- ness.” The proposal certainly has the ad- vantage of novelty if it is not practicable. Perhaps the author is somewhat of a slug- gard himself, and regards 24 consecutive hours in bed as the acme of happiness. However, as the people of Bendigo are not slothful, however much they may be ad- dicted to sleepiness, they are not likely to adopt the suggestion, even if there is dis- position elsewhere to celebrate the 22nd June in that quiet, unostentatious manner. We are glad to observe that the council has arranged for the celebration of the oc- casion in a way which will be pleasing to the school, children, and that thoughtful con- sideration is being shown for the poor people of the city. The success of the children’s celebration in 1887 was partially marred by the weather, but the affair went off very well on the whole. If arrange- ments be made for the entertainment of the children at the Show Grounds, and the dis- tribution amongst them of a souvenir of the event, the significance of the occasion is likely to be impressed on their minds. In the evening there will probably be a torchlight procession by the fire brigades, and the city will be illuminated in honor of the event. The newly formed choral society in which Mr. J. G. Oliphant, the principal of the High school, is taking a very warm interest, will hold a concert in the Royal Princess’ Theatre, at which the thanksgiving hymn of praise will be rendered. As arrangements are being made for the simul- taneous singing of the hymn throughout the empire, this feature of the entertainment will be invested with very great interest. The fact that by the Queen pressing an electric button in St. Paul’s, London, the signal to start the hymn will be trans- mitted to all parts of the empire, and that the message will only be about two minutes in reaching Melbourne is in itself a mar- vellous object lesson with regard to the scientific triumphs which have been achieved during her Majesty’s glorious reign. The thanksgiving hymn is to be sung in London at noon on 22nd June, and as our time is 10 hours ahead of London time, it will be then 10 o’clock, at night with us. It is gratifying to know that Bendigo is to be one of the links in the chain of harmony which will encircle the empire, and Mr. Oliphant is to be com- mended for the interest he has taken in the matter. Eaglehawk is to celebrate the event so far as the children are concerned in the same way as Bendigo, and our readers will no doubt be pleased to observe that the suggestion of Mr. R. Saunders, that there should be a united Sunday school demon- stration in Bendigo, is to be acted upon. Bendigo County Court.—The May sittings of this court were held yesterday, before Judge Chomley. The list was an unusually short one, comprising only two cases. One of these— Matilda Farmer v. Elizabeth Farmer, illegal detention of goods, etc., value £99 11s 6d and damages for such detention, £30, was struck out as settled, and in the other an action for alleged breach of contract, the plaintiff was non-suited. The court then adjourned sine die. Pictures for the New Art Gallery.—At the meeting of the Art Gallery committee yes- terday, the president (Mr. J. Cohn) announced that, in company with Mr. J. H. Abbott, M.L.C., he had interviewed Lord Brassey, and requested him to loan the gallery some of his pictures. The Governor said he had already loaned a number of pictures to institutions at Ballarat and Sydney, and as he did not wish the walls of Government House to look bare on the occasion of the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee celebration, he would not be able to grant the request. However, he promised to do so at a later period of the year, after the celebration. They all knew, Mr. Cohn remarked, the value of Lord Brassey’s pictures, one of which, “Ripening Sunbeams,” by Vicat Cole, was ad- judged the best at the last exhibition in Mel- bourne. He (the speaker) had also waited on the president of the National Gallery, with the same object in view, but that gentleman also assured him he could spare no pictures until the jubilee was over. The action of Messrs. Cohn and Abbott was endorsed by the commit- tee, and, on the motion of Mr. Davis, a vote of thanks was accorded them. The Weather.—Most enjoyable weather was again experienced yesterday. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, jeweller, were:—Thermo- meter, 9 a.m., 55° ; 12 noon, 66° ; 3 p.m., 62° ; 6 p.m., 60° ; maximum, 66° ; minimum, 50°. Barometer—9 a.m., 29.79°; 3 p.m., 29.62°; 6 p.m., 29.58. The Chrysanthemum Show.—This show will be open to the public in the Town Hall this afternoon at half-past 2 o’clock. The stewards are requested to be in attendance early this morning, so as to have everything in readiness for the judges. The formal opening ceremony will be performed by the mayor (Mr. H. M. Marks) at half-past 7 o’clock this even- ing, and subsequently an attractive programme, in which several of our leading amateurs will take part, and which is published in full in our advertising columns, will be submitted, under the conductorship of Mr. A. T. Crook, with Miss Douglass as accompanist. Enginedrivers’ Examinations.—Applica- tions, to be accompanied by a fee of 10s, will be received by the Secretary for Mines, Mel- bourne, till 12th inst., from persons desirous of being examined in the country districts for certificates as enginedrivers and boiler at- tendants. Satisfactory Revenue Returns.— Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—The revenue of the colony for the month was £603,862, showing an increase of £25,909 as compared with the same month of last year. The total revenue for the 10 months of the financial year was £5,569,381, being an increase of £156,414 as compared with the same period of the previous year, or about £4,000 in excess of the estimate. Troubles of Mining Board Members.— The idea which some people entertain that members of the Mining Board are “well paid for doing nothing” is a fallacious one, for in ad- dition to the ordinary monthly meeting they have to go to a deal of trouble and give up a lot of time inspecting land applied for in various parts of the district, which extends over an area of some hundreds of square miles, in order to ascertain for the information of the department whether or not there are any min- ing objections to the granting of the applica- tions. As a general rule the members discharge their duties ungrudgingly, but occasionally they grumble—and not without reason, too— when they find they have been put to unneces- sary trouble and expense. An instance oc- curred at the meeting yesterday when Messrs. Debney and Ryan submitted their report on a piece of land applied for by Mrs. Nayton in the “parish of Moora.” The report stated that the members drove a distance of 40 miles one day to inspect the land, but found that they had gone to the wrong place. They then consulted the mining surveyor, who informed them that as near as he could locate the place it was in auriferous country, and as they were pressed for time they adopted that gentleman’s view and reported accordingly. Subsequently they discovered that the land in question was situated at Horseshoe Bend or Lyell, and thither they travelled, another 40 miles journey. The result of their inspection was that they recom- mended that the land be granted to the ap- plicant to a depth of 50 feet, as there were no auriferous indications on the surface. The clerk (Mr. F. Brown) remarked that it must have been very aggravating to the Heathcote members to have to travel 40 miles for nothing, but the member for Raywood (Mr. Dolan) was not so sympathetic, and said he would take precious good care, before undertaking a 40 miles drive, that he knew the exact locality of the land he was going to see. Mr. Debney pointed out that the sketch of the land attached to the communication simply showed that it was in the parish of Moora, which embraced a very large stretch of country. At that the matter was allowed to drop, but it is likely that the Heathcote members before setting out on another lengthy drive will act on Mr. Dolan’s hint. Easter Fair Bicycle Art Union.—This was drawn last night, the winner being Mr. Tad- cell, Melbourne. Austral Competitions.—The entry list for these, which closed last week, has now been classified, and it shows an excellent result. Time tables are in course of preparation, and .will be issued shortly to all competitors. “The Spanish Maiden.”—At the adjourned monthly meeting of the Bendigo Art Gallery committee yesterday the question of removing this from the institution, as urged by the Women’s Prayer Union, was again under dis- cussion, a second communication being received from the secretary and president of the union. Mr. W. Davis remarked that the best course to adopt with regard to the matter was to defer consideration until the removal of the pictures from the old to the new gallery. Mr. Robshaw said the matter must not be shelved, the sooner it was decided the better. Mr. J. H. Abbott, M.L.C., referred to the small attendance, and on the motion of Dr. Quick, seconded by Mr. R. H. S. Abbott, further consideration was de- ferred till the annual meeting. The Prayers for Rain.—At the meeting of the Ministers’ Association yesterday the Rev. E. H. Scott, of St. Mary’s Church, Kangaroo Flat, moved “that the members of this as- sociation record their satisfaction at the ready response of the Acting-Premier to the petition of the deputation from the churches, which waited upon him recently to ask that a day should be set apart for humiliation and prayer for rain.” The Rev. J. Nicholson, of the Wesleyan Church, Golden-square, seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The matter was also brought forward at the Church of England ruridecanal chapter at Castlemaine yesterday, when a similar resolution was agreed to on the motion of the Rev. E. H. Scott, seconded by the Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh, and the clerk was instructed to forward a copy of the minutes to Mr. R. W. Best, M.L.A., the Acting Premier. Lapsus Linguae.—Addressing himself to the question of costs and the action of the A.N.A., in connection with a transaction over which litigation had taken place in the County Court yesterday, Mr. Kennedy said: “An association like this should be above suspicion, like Caesar’s ghost.” A burst of laughter followed the bar- rister’s mistake. Court of Mines.—For the first time for about two years there was business set down for hearing in this court yesterday. Judge Chom- ley was on the bench. An important appeal case in relation to residence areas was heard as reported elsewhere. His Honor confirmed the appointment of Mr. Henry Shaw Carter as liquidator to wind up the Polygon Gold Mining Co. at Rushworth. The court then adjourned, sine die. Mining Leases at Marong.—At the meet- ing of the Mining Board yesterday a lengthy communication was received from Mr. W. Ver- don Clayton, on behalf of the mining industry at Marong, asking the board to oppose the ap- plication of Mr. W. Masters in the Warden’s Court for a lease of land in private property at Marong. Mr. Phillips sympathised with the writer, but questioned whether the board had the power to appear in court to oppose any ap- plication for a lease on private property ; the only thing he could see for the board to do was to forward the communication to the Minister. Mr. Dolan pointed out that the Minister had already intimated to the board that he was quite alive to the importance of the matter of the leasing of shallow ground and Mr. Collmann considered that the chairman or some represen- tative of the board could appear in court and express the board’s opinion on any matter affecting the best interests of the mining industry. The clerk explained that he had only received the communication that morning and the case came on for hearing in the Warden’s Court on Monday afternoon. It was decided to simply receive the letter Mr. Dolan pointing out that this case only illustrated more clearly how unfortunate it was that Mr. Foster’s Amending Mines Act Bill did not become law during the last session of Par- liament, as under that measure difficulties like this would have been avoided. One section in that bill provided that miners could go and take up pieces of land on private property just the same as if it were Crown lands, and in the event of the owner refusing to come to terms the case could be brought before the warden, who would fix the terms of compensation, etc. Alleged Unlawful Assault.—At the City Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Ander- son, Hoskins and Gibson, Js.P., a boy named Thomas William John Keig proceeded against a baker named Robert Stewart, a young man, for an assault alleged to have been committed at Long Gully on Saturday week. Mr. Roberts appeared for defendant. The com- plainant, a diminutive boy of 11 years, who was unrepresented by counsel, stated that he was beating a kerosene tin on the day of the assault in his mother’s yard, when accused, who lives next door, came to him and asked him to stop. Subsequently accused jumped over the fence and presented a revolver at him, saying he would “stiffen” him. Later on in the day the complainant induced a companion, by means of a bite of an apple, to give him a ride on his bicycle, and while riding the machine on the footpath in front of Stewart’s, accused came out and, after pulling him off the bicycle by the throat, kicked him. To Mr. Roberts : Com- plainant admitted that he had a “claim” near Stewart’s fence, and that he sometimes dis- charged crackers in a tin to represent blasting operations. Once his mother had tied him up in the yard for kicking up a row. Mr. Roberts, for the defence, submitted that the boy was a nuisance in the neighborhood, and that he much annoyed his client, who worked at night and slept by day, by the din he caused. Robert Stewart, defendant, a baker working at Connell’s, denied that he presented a revolver at the boy, and stated that he only shook him and did not kick him. Benjamin Swift deposed similarly. Mrs. Stewart gave evidence as to complainant’s tendency to cause trouble in the neighborhood, and swore that her husband did not flourish a revolver. The bench characterised the assault as a most trivial affair, and dis- missed the case on defendant agreeing to pay 2s 6d, the cost of the summons. Deaths in the Hospital.—Louisa Shugg; aged 19 years, admitted on 24th April, and Eliza Meaton, aged 83 years, admitted on 20th April, died yesterday, the former from typhoid fever and the latter from senile debility. A Fractured Leg.—Thomas Berkery, a lad, residing with his parents in Mitchell- street, while climbing a ladder yesterday, fell and sus- tained a fracture of his right leg. He was re- moved to the hospital, where the broken limb was set, and the patient was put to bed. Insolvency Court.—His Honor Judge Chom- ley presided at this court yesterday, and dis- pose of two applications for certificates. William Payne Wakeham and Maude Louisa Wakeham appeared on a motion for committal for contempt of court in not filing their sche- dules. Mr. Cohen stated that the schedules had now been filed, but he had been directed to ask the judge to order the insolvents to pay the cost of the notice of motion. Mr. Dunlop, who represented the insolvents, asked for 12 months’ time to pay the costs, which amounted to £5 5s in each case. His Honor allowed the insolvents two months in which to pay the money. In the case of W. P. Wakeham the liabilities are £1322 8s 9d and the assets £10, and in M. L. Wake- ham’s case the figure are: liabilities, £1281 16s 8d, assets £28 3s 2d. The court then adjourned sine die. Dr. Hin???.—The ??? this gentleman will regret to hear ??? intention to leave this city about ??? of next month and to take up ??? the metropolis. During the ??? in this city—nearly a quarter of century—the doctor has enjoyed the reputation of being one of the leading members of his profession and he has also proved himself to be a most estimable citizen. He has rendered good service in con- nection with the militia, and has always taken a great interest in various departments of out- door sport, as well as in the progress of art and science. In leaving, the genial doctor and his amiable wife will carry with them the best wishes of a large circle of friends for their future health and prosperity. Interesting to Tradesmen.—An Echuca tradesman recently imported a large number of farthings as a means of advertising his business by giving them to his customers as a novelty. Some of these coins have found their way to Bendigo, and as at a cursory glance they have much the appearance of a half sovereign, shop- keepers and others should keep a sharp look out when giving change to see that they are not imposed upon. Two well-known gentlemen in the city were deceived by them yesterday, and in one instance the coin was changed before the mistake was discovered. Shanghaing and Bird Shooting.—Several boys and young men who have been caught in the neighborhood of Quarry Hill and Back Creek shooting at birds with guns and shanghais, will appear before the city bench next week. On Monday evening a resident of Quarry Hill named Williams was considerably annoyed by lads firing with their shanghais at birds in the trees near his dwelling, and when he remonstrated with them one of the offenders, it is alleged, fired at him, the stone striking him with considerable force on the left cheek, about an inch below the eye. The matter was reported to Senior-constable Hayes, the officer in charge of the Quarry Hill police station, and proceedings will be instituted against the offender. “Getting at” the Mining Board.—A piece of land situated on the east side of Carpenter-street, at Back Creek, has been the subject matter of litigation in the Police and Warden’s Courts on several occasions recently, and it has now been introduced into the Mining Board. Mrs. Earnshaw applied for it and the application was referred to the board for report. Mr. Walton, who for a time was in occupation of it as a tenant from Mrs. Earn- shaw, wrote opposing the application, on the ground that there was an outcrop of quartz on it. Messrs. Blackham (chairman) and Collmann visited the locality and recom- mended that there were no mining ob- jections to the application down to 100 feet from the surface. In consequence of Mr. Walton’s letter they again visited and carefully inspected the land, but failed to find the slightest indication of any outcrop. Mr. Blackham at the meeting yesterday verbally expressed the opinion that there was not the remotest chance of the Hustler’s reef passing through the land as had been suggested by some people. Mr. Collmann agreed with the re- marks of the chairman, and stated that it ap- peared to him that owing to a dispute having arisen between the two parties an attempt had been made to “get at” the board and make a fool of it by trying to induce the members to report adversely upon the application. Mr. Phillips (who had not signed the report) stated that although there were no outcrops on the surface of the land they, were to be seen further on. The report was however adopted. Subse- quently Mr. Phillips referred to another report submitted by his colleagues at the previous meeting in favor of an application for 20 acres near the water race at Specimen Hill, and ex- pressed his disapproval of it. The board had decided against the granting of large leases, and yet it had recommended the application of a person for a large area of land on which there were several outcrops visible on the surface. He had been acquainted with the ap- plicant, Mr. Robinson, for many years, and if he could have seen his way clear to assist him in getting a piece of land he would have been only too pleased to do so, but he had a public duty to perform (The chairman : We all have) and he did not think it right in the interests of the mining industry to allow such land to be alienated from the miners. Consequently he had not signed the reports. The chairman : The land is only applied for under a yearly license. Mr. Phillips : When a person gets possession of land, if only under a yearly license, it is very difficult for the miner to enter it. Bendigo Art Gallery.—The adjourned monthly meeting of the committee was held at the institution yesterday afternoon. Present: —Messrs. J. Cohn (in the chair), J. H. Abbott, M.L.C., W. Davis, C. Mueller, J. Robshaw, R. H. S. Abbott (hon. sec), and Dr. Quick. A letter was read from the Board of Health in- quiring if the board’s requirements had been complied with. On the motion of Mr. Davis, Messrs. J. H. Abbott and D. B. Lazarus were deputed to interview the board with reference to the sanitary requirements of the new gallery, the hon. secretary to ascertain beforehand from Mr. W. Minto, city surveyor, what the re- quirements of the board actually were. Mr. Vernon Rymer wrote, thanking the committee for its kind references to his late father, Mr. J. W. Rymer, and for its expression of sym- pathy with the family. Received. A letter was read from the secretary of the Women’s Prayer Union, again urging the desirability of removing from the gallery the picture “The Spanish Maiden.” It was decided to defer consideration till the annual meeting. On the motion of Mr. J. Robshaw, seconded by Dr. Quick, it was decided to convey a vote of thanks to the Sandhurst Trustees Company for providing a room for meetings during the building of the new gallery. The meeting then closed. City Police Court.—Messrs. Anderson, Hoskins and Gibson, Js.P., adjudicated yester- day. A woman named Annie Hannebury, about 30 years of age, was charged by Constable Doble with being drunk and disorderly, also with using obscene language. The unfortunate woman, who bore a child in her arms, stated that she was the mother of three more children, whom she alone supported. Now and again she received a pound from her son, but not often. The bench, after a few minutes reflection, de- cided to discharge the accused, in view of her children’s dependence upon her for their main- tenance. The Hairdressers and the Factories Act.—A meeting of hairdressers was held at Messrs. Dickson and Morgan’s saloon last even- ing to consider matters in connection with the trade so far as it is affected by the Shops and Factories Act. A communication from a majority of the trade had been forwarded to the Minister, suggesting that the weekly half- holiday be fixed for Wednesday afternoon, and that the hours of closing be 7 o’clock p.m. daily with the exception of Wednesday afternoon, when it should be 1.30, and Saturday evenings at 11 o’clock. To that a notice had been re- ceived approving of those hours. The scheme was adopted, but as there were two or three who were stated to have expressed their inten- tion of refusing to be bound by the arrangement it was decided to communicate with the ser- geant of police, requesting him to cause steps to be taken to comply with the arrangement. Store Sheep at Kerang.— Messrs. F. Hill and Co. (late Grattan and Stamp, in con- junction with Messrs. Richardson, Muir and Co., report having held a special sale at Kerang on Friday, 30th instant, when they sold 13,000 merino wethers, Lake Victoria bred, but owing to the continued dry weather, prices were rather in favor of buyers. Bendigo Licensing Court.—The quarterly sitting of this court was held at the Law Courts yesterday morning, before his Honor Judge Chomley and Messrs. P. J. Dwyer and W. W. Greene, P.Ms. The following transfers of licenses were granted:—Michael Fenton to Patrick Cox, Limerick hotel, Back Creek; Matilda Aarons to Richard Barrows, City Club hotel, Bath Corner (Mr. Kennedy for the trans- feree); Richard Barrows to Frederick G?? hauer, Terminus hotel, Mitchell-street ; Ann Sparks to Martin Kelly, Arcade hotel, Har- greaves-street ; Martin Kelly to Frances Smith- wick, Royal Duke hotel, corner Bull and Har- greaves streets; Elizabeth Amanda Simpson (executrix of the will of Robert Simpson) to Frederick Lennon, Happy Jack’s hotel, Lock- wood (Mr. Cohen for the transferee) ; Andrew Ogilvie to Charles Hands, Crusoe Inn hotel, Crusoe; Nellie Cousins to Elizabeth Margery Atherton, Golden Age hotel, Golden-square; John Haythornthwaite to Henry Hosking, Break-o’-Day hotel, Break-o’-Day ; Ham??? O’Brien to Henrietta Hadland, National hotel, High-street; David Ogilvie to John Colee, Melbourne Road hotel, Kangaroo Flat (Mr. Cohen for transferee); A. Whelan to Catherine Guerin, Universal hotel, Bendigo ; Jane Knight to John M‘Mahon, Railway Bridge hotel (Mr. Cohen for the applicant); Peter Wilkinson to Jane Wilkinson, Spring Gully hotel (Mr. Wat- son for transferee). The next sitting of the court was fixed for 10th July next, at 10 a.m. The court then adjourned sine die. A Paltry Theft.—Yesterday afternoon a bracket lamp used for lighting the waiting room at the Golden-square railway station was unscrewed from its position and taken by some person. As the article has the Goverment brand on it the lamp can be easily recognised. The theft was reported to the local police. “Christianised Heathendom.”—Last even- ing the Rev. J. Barnett, M.A., delivered a lec- ture on this subject to a large audience in St. Mark’s Church of England schoolroom, Golden- square. The lecture was profusely illustrated with limelight views. The lecture was most interesting and instructive, and short accounts were given by the speaker of the manners and customs of the inhabitants of heathen lands. Suitable hymns were sung, and Miss Nellor presided at the organ. Sale of Furniture.—On Friday, at noon, Messrs. James Andrew and Co. will sell on the premises, High-street, opposite Holtorf’s hotel, the whole of the furniture of Mrs. Payne, an old resident, who is giving up housekeeping to join her family in another part of the colony. The Mining Board.—For some time past certain members of this board have been more conspicuous by their absence than their pre- sence, and at various times proposals have been brought forward with a view to penalising absentees, who are unable to offer some reason- able excuse. A resolution was passed some years ago to the effect that members neglecting to attend the meetings should be fined £1, the amount of the fines to go towards the funds of the charitable institutions, but, notwithstand- ing that Mr. Blackham (the present chairman) frequently drew attention to it, the resolution was allowed to become a dead letter. Yester- day the the matter was again discussed in conse- quence of there being only a bare quorum pre- sent. The member for the Reedy Creek Division has been in very bad health for some time, so an apology for his absence on that ac- count did not occasion surprise, and it was re- ceived with regret. Mr. D. R. Fleming (mem- ber for the Eaglehawk Division), also wrote ex- pressing his inability to attend, and Mr. Debney (one of the representatives for the Heathcote division) apologised for the absence of his colleague, Mr. J. Ryan, who had been severely injured on Monday evening by a kick from a horse. During the meeting apologies were received from Messrs. Crawley and Spence (Rushworth division), the former giving as the reason for his absence that the day train to Echuca had been discontinued. A member suggested that the absent one might have travelled by the night train if he wished to attend. The chairman pointed out that if one of the local members had been absent there would not have been a quorum, and the whole of the business of the board would have had to be postponed. The clerk: The local members cannot offer the excuse that their train had been discontinued or that their horse had gone astray. (Laughter.) The chairman : But they might be taken ill. Mr. Dolan (Raywood division) remarked that he had not missed a meeting for two years. If he could not attend he would soon resign, and allow someone else who could do so to have the seat. It is probable that some steps will again be attempted at next meeting to try and ensure the regular attendance of members. City Poor Box.—Sergeant Kilfeder, the officer in charge of the city poor box, begs to acknowledge the receipt of 15s 6d, collected in the Licensing Court, and 2s 6d received from Mr. R. Stewart, who was acquitted in an assault case yesterday, in aid of the funds of the poor box. Sale of a Draper’s Stock.—Messrs. James Andrew and Co. will on Thursday sell at their rooms a draper and outfitter’s stock. Particu- lars will be found advertised. Sale of Building Society Shares.—On Saturday next, at the Beehive Exchange, at 11 a.m., Mr. J. H. Curnow will sell 80 paid up shares in the Sandhurst Mutual Permanent In- vestment and Building Society. Full particu- lars are advertised. BEEBE and MAYNE, monumental sculptors and general stonemasons, Mitchell-street (tram terminus), beg to inform the general public they supply monuments, etc., of the newest and best designs. All workmanship guaranteed the best.— ADVT.] FINN’S MAGIC OINTMENT ) Manufactory FINN’S MAGIC OINTMENT ) Carpenter-st. FINN’S LIVER PILLS ) Bendigo. FINN’S LIVER PILLS ) — [ADVT If You Want.—The Electric Cycle lights Fountain Pens with gold nibs, 6s 6d ; specialites in Rubber Stamps ; Account Books and General Stationery, visit M. J. E. Stapleton, 27, 29 Arcade. —[ADVT.] 