ST. JOHN'S CATHEDRAL. I St. John's Cathedral, an illustration of which we present, was built in the year 1846. The foundation stone was laid in 1844 with the customary ceremony by the late Dean Lynch. An old wooden chapel in the Horse Shoe Bend had up to this time been used for conducting service in. A very large congre gation or worshippers was present at mass j that day, celebrated by the Dean, who was then the Rev. J. T. Lynch. After Mass an imposing, proccssion was formed outside the old chapel, and marched through Hunter and High streets to the site of the new building. The Dean delivered an eloquent and appropri ate address on the occasion, after which the procession rc-formed and marched back to the chapel, where a thanksgiving service was held. At night a tea meeting was held in the Temple of Concord, a largo wooden building erected in the beginning of the same year as the foundation stone of the new church was laid. This meeting was very largely attended. The Dean was a great temperance man, and administered the pledge to thousands of people of every denomination. Ho was tho means of having erected the Hall of Conciliation at Muswellbrook and the Ark of Peace at Single ton, two buildings in which the members of the temperance societies founded by him used to meet. Tho Dean was commonly known as the Father Mathew of the Hunter, and did an immense amount of good in laying solid foundations for the future welfare of his large parish. On one occasion the late Archbishop Polding addressed a meeting of 500 persons in tho Temple of Concord in West Maitland. That building has long since been demolished, i but much of the good work accomplished therein still remains. The Cathedral was opened on the 8th November, 1846, the con secration ceremony being also performed by the Dean. The contract for its erection was faithfully carried out by the late Mr. John Scanlon, who was also the architect. The building is of handsome design and propor- j tions, and is constructed entirely of stone, j with slate roof, xt has at various times i undergone additions and repairs, but now is : much too small for the increasing congrega- | tion of the parish, but with the holding of i four Masses every Sunday, and accommoda tion being provided for a large number of worshippers in the Convent Cliapel, the Cathedral still suffices for all purposes, ex cepting where as yesterday a special occasion attracts an immense congregation, and then its smallness is but too apparent. St. John's at one time was noted for possessing the largest and sweetest toned bell in the colony — a bell the chimes of which could be dis tinctly heard at Morpeth, but a senseless sexton managed to crack it by'striking it with an axe, and the bell had afterwards to be recast, and now is not nearly the size of the original, nor are its tones so sweet or power ful. From the top of tho Cathedral tower, which is sixty feet high, a magnificent panoramic view of the town and surrounding landscape may be obtained. THE DINNER. At the invitation of his Lordship the Eight Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, about 170 guests assembled in St. John's school-room for dinner, provided by the good ladies of the congregation, who waited upon the tables deftly and in excellent style. The tables were richly fnrniBhed and pro vided with an abundance of delicacies and luxuries. The Cardinal's table was beautifully adorned with his colours, while three other tables were Bet ont in blue, pink, and old gold. Mrs James, of the Royal Hotel, presented a dozen of 20year old port and sherry for the Cardinal's table. The room was handsomely decorated with flags, Sowers, and ferns, and the room with the tables set, gas and CAndles burning, and the guests seated presented a charmingly picturesque sight. A motto above the Cardinal's table, ' Caed mille failthe,' or a hundred thousand welcomes, and a large three-leaved shamrock with the words, ' peace, prosperity, patriotism,' were conspicuously dis played. These were the woik of MisB Canty. To the following ladies is due the credit of providing such a grand banquet and banquet hall : — Mrs. Geo.' Maher, President ; Miss M. A. Moore, Vice»preRident ; Mesdames Peter Rafferfcy and Ed. Nash, hon. treasurers; Misses Emy HyndeB and Jennie Duffy, hon. secretaries ; Mesdames M. P. Maher, John Moylan, Thos. Moy lau, ThoB. Cnllaghan, P. Herrmann, R. Bailey, T. J. Davis, T. Wilkinson, Misses K. Dillon, Ida Hyndes, Fanny Callagban, S. O'Hearn, S. Moore, Emily Walsh, M. A. Riley, E. Monaghnn, K. Canty, E. Tierney, K. Boyle, , A. Navin, Amy French, B. Moylan, Maggie Walsh, and M. McLachlan. These -were assisted by Nurses Smith and Kelaher, from the Pierce Memorial Nurses Home. The Right Rev. Dr. Murray presided, having on hiB right his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney, -Dr. Dwyer, Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland; Dr. Byrne, of Bathurst; and on his left, Dr. Torreggiani, of Armidale ; Dr. Doyle, of Grafton ; and Dr. Biggins, of Sydney. All the cleigy attend ing the consecration and distinguished lay visitors were also present, the gathering being confined exclusively to members of the Catholic Church, because it was found impossible to provide room for a large number of friends of other denominations, who otherwise would have been welcomed heartily. After dinner, Dr. Murray, who was received with prolonged applause, said his first duty was to give them all a ?very hearty weloome to Maitland cn that auspicious ?occasion.^ He thought they would all agree with ?bim that|itwasa very an ipiciousoccasion. (Applause.) He would not gointo auydetailBregardingtheyoung priest who had been raised to the episcopney that day, and upon whom he looked as about to be an ornament to the Australian church. (Applause). He «vas very grateful himself to hiB Eminence the Cardinal and the other prelates for coming there, and before he began proposing the toasts he could not fcut refer to one bishop who was absent, the venerable Bishop of Goulburn, Dr. Lanigan. He would be glad on all accounts to have him there that day, but his medical adviser told hitp not to come. He knew that Dr. Lanigan had set hiB heart on being ooe ol the assistant consecrating bishops of Dr. Dwyer. . That day thirty years ago Bishop Quinn of Bathurst and himself raised Dr. Lanigan to the episcopacy, and he would have been glad to see him there that day, to remind him of the fact, but he felt sure the references he would make to hira would answer just aa well. (Ap plause.) Another thing he would refer to for a moment, as showing how human these things tarn out. That day 30 years ago his Eminence, the Car dinal — he was not Cardinal then — sent out to his I (Bishop Murray's) diocese the first batch of do minican nun?, who were now iu Maitland. (Ap plause.) Pentecost Sunday that year .fell on the Dth of June; this year it fell on tho 6th. He could not but call to mind the speech made by Dr. Lanigan that day 30 years ago in proposing tne health of the ' Pope.' In his own words he said ' What are you all making such a fuBS about me to-day for?' He Baid he frequently .went down to Goulburn and thoy never made any fuss about him. But it waB allabout the pieces of parch menfc which etime from Rome, and fchafc parchniGnt had created all the present . fuss and 'noise. That parchment was very like the one that Dr. Dwyer got, — the two that wtfre read that day. Therefore, visitors camo from all parts, Bome from Goulburn nnd Bathurst being especially old friends of his. One of these came to bury him (Dr. Murray). Ho referred to his friend Mr. JohnMeagher. (Applause) Mr. Meagher told hiB wife before leaving homo for Sydney, th«tDr.Murray was dying, and he was uoing to attend his funeral. (Laughter.) He did know that Mr. Meagher came there to honuor Dr. Dwyer, but he hoped he would not attend-his funeral for the next twenty years. (Great applause and laughter.) At any rate tho Pope had brought them together; he did not say a biBhop or Cardinal had anything to do with it. It wbb the Pope who put his seal on the w«rk. He sent the two parch ments appointing Dr. Dwyer as , Bi3hop of Zoara, and Coadjutor to Monsignor Murray. (Applause.) He therefore proposed the health of the Pope. The toast having been duly honoured, Dr. Murray said tliey were all meeting there aB Australians. (Applause.) They knew his Eminence was an out and out Australian. There was no mistake about that. The noble speech the Cardinal delivered at Bathurst some time ago— (applause) — raised him beyond all question to the highest position as an Australian citizen. He did not believe there wa9 a man at the present moment so interested in the prosperity and progress of Aus tralia as Cardinal Moran. This year waa uan exceptional year for Queen 'Victoria. Of course he had some veiws of his own in regard to the Queen, whick he expressed in Ireland and England, buc always in Australia he had spoken as a loyal citizen of Queen Victoria. He did not do so bb an Irish man in Ireland or England. (Applause.) How ever, that was hot the question. They were there all Australians, and had no reason to complain. If they had not everything they wanted it waa not the Qneen's fault, but their own. They owed very little to the Queen, but admired her for her many many virtues, and the great wisdom she had shown. This year she would be celabrating her record reign, and thi*y wished her every possible succesB and many more years to continue her reign— (applause) — over the British Empire. He asked them to drink the health of the -f Queen of Eogland.' The toast was drunk loyally, the company Bingiug a verse of the National Anthem. Dr. Murray : I have now done my part : I leave the rest to my Coadjutor. (Applause.) Dr. Dwyer, who on rising was greeted with great applause, said it wa3 not without some feelings of humiliation that he undertook to propose the next toast, as it was the health of one who was present. It was the health of his Eminence the Cardinal — (applause), who had imparted to him that day a great deal of power in making him a bishop, but he had kept a great deal more than he gave away. (Laughter.) So he would take care to Bay nothing to incur his displeasure. They were aware that in the Papal Brief given to him he. had the power to choose as his consecrator any bishop of the Holy See. When he (Dr. Dwyer) received the Pontifical letter he had no hesitation aB to his choice. (Ap plause.) The very first thing he did was to go to Sydney to ask hia Eminence to act as his con secrator, and he could assure them it was one of tne highest privileges he had to look back upon that the sacred order of the episcopate had come to him through the hands of one who linked together in his own person in a manner quite unique the three names of Rome, Ireland,- and Australia, in fact these three headings would form a great chapter in the life work of hiB Eminence. . He waa one of Rome's most learned priests, one of Ireland's greatest bishops, and , Australia's only Cardinal. Australians were generally credited with having a very strong appreciation of themselves, but there was one fact in connection with their history which was certainly not over emphasised. That fact jva3 they were in the presence of tho highest dignitary after the Pope and royalty when they were ia the presence of the Cardinal Archbis hopof Sydney. They saw reviewers and journa lists r taking that Australia had advanced exceed- , ingly in the knowledge and estimation of the world by the historical event known aa the Soudan con tingent — (laughter), but; he believed their country had advanced to a much greater degree by the permanent; residence in her chief city of one who i had worn -with befitting dignity for twelve years the historical Roman purple. (Applause.) He aaia the Cardinal was one of Ireland's greatest bishops : he . was also one of the most consistent and patriotic of her sons, and the wisdom of God's providence was shown in placing suitable pastors over His people. By hia presence there that day his Eminence had placed them all under a very great debt of gratitude, and his own sincerest wish in saying three times to him at the altar that day ad multos annos (many years of happiness) was suf ficent to expresp his feelings towards hira. He asked them to drink ' Loni- life and success to his Emi nence the Cardinal.' (Applause.) The Cardinal, who waa warmly applauded, said after the speech they had just listened to from the newly consecrated Coadjutor, he was inclined to; think he had made a mistake in imposing handa upon him that day. (\polauae and liughter.) He took it for granted that Dr. Dwyer was one of those simplo Australians he had mec at timos in Sydney, but his inexperience of the country had deceived him in his judgment in the Coadjutor. There could be no mistake that Australian as Dr. Dwyer was h-* rausr. have viBit.ed that portion of Ireland known as Blarney. (Laughter.) He had to confess that, somo twenty years ago he thought, he had tlio pleasure of receiving a visit from Dr. Dwyer as a young stndent. He was then iu Kil kenny, but he thought he must have gone from there to Blarney. (Laughter.) After twenty years had passed he never imagined this simple minded student would be not only showing tho fruits but deriving the advantages he received by his visit to that historic place. But be begged to assure them it was quite a matter of delight to him that day to oerform that religious ceremony. The Feast of Pentecost was the feast of joy. It was the first fcrafc had pleased fche Holy Church, and year after year from then till the nineteenth century the Holy Ghost has, repeated that divine miracle. He came as the g-reat paraclete,- the great comforter, i and if ao it showed how tho Holy Ghost m sending the one t hay had that day consecrated to assist their beloved Bishop in hia advancing years did so to bring him all that strength and vigour which the Holy Church delighted to impart to those who had laboured , faithfully and well in Holy Church. It wbb a feast of joy to his Lord Bhip the Bishop of that diocse and to everyone who j had the interests and welfare of Australia at heart. With every word Dr. Dwyersaid about AuBtraliathat I day he fully and heartily agreed. There was a great future for Australia. The wishes and as pl™'0'8 H0,1? Church and the divine successor of St. Peter who guidea hor were for her auoceas. It waa not without a great aud merciful design on the part of Providence that after 1800 years the light of Christian faith should be abed on this great continent. ,. The darkness, however had passed away, and she was nowlit up by the greatets light of Christian ci vilisationand Christian blessings. If that had taken place in Australia in a hundred years it showed that a great destiny awaited her. He had already said he looked to Australia as a future source of light and blessings which were still in the shadow of doubt. All Australia should re joice that day that one of her own sons had been crowned with theepiBcopal dignity, aud not only the whole of Australia, but the whole of the Aus tralian Church. Since coming to Maitland he had made an astronomical discovery. It had been said that tho prelates of the ohurch were like planets in the spiritual firmament, but he would remind them that ull planetB had not the same specific gravity. (Laughtei). He thought they alt wished hia Lordship the Coadjutor Biehop might follow in the footsteps of the Bishop of Armidale, and. that when ho became a full-grown planet of Australia that he might be worthy of the name. (Applause.) It waa a matter of joy to all to see that hiB Lordship tho Bishop of that diocose had received from the handa of the Vicar of Christ ono who would be a pillar of strength to him and a source of blessings in his declining years, leading to the path of Hoaven. It was a source of joy to see young and vigorona men taking up the cross and bearing it for the standard of Christ. Dr. Murray, the venerable Bishop of that diocese, had knowledge and experience, and it was not to be expected that he was always to bo a lamp for tho guidance of his brother prelates. . He had brought to, this diocese the noble sisters of St. Dominic, who had extended their influences and manifold blessings and graceB to those whose education had been entrusted to their care.. He had brought the sons of St. Alphonsus too, and had conferred blessings on the whole of Australia as well as in the diocese by doing this, and they could all rejoice with him when ho naw received a coadjutor to enable bim to persevere in this great work which he has so long and earnestly carried pn. He asked them in conclusion to drink to the health of the Coadjutor Bishop whom they had assisted in raising to the Episcopal dignity. (Applause.) Dr. Dwyer responded in a happy speech. He said there lived in Italy in the fif teenth century a famous painter named Fra Angelico. This artist monk used to paint angels of most exquisite form, and when asked how he could paint in so perfect a way beings he had never seen, he answered that he represented them as he thought they ought to be. His Eminence would excuse him for saying that like Fra Angelico he had represented him as he ought to be. From the venerable prelate, who still, thank God, ruled that diocese, and they all hoped would rule it for many years to come, to the generous clergy, the de voted sisterhood, and the faithfui laity all had fancied to themselves in thinking of him an ideal which he should be, but which unfortunately he was not. God was however able to do much good with very inferior instruments, and they would remember that the first Pentecost wrought a wonderful change in the first Bishops of the church. From the position in which he waa placed he could, notwithstanding hia unworthiness, foresee a vast field of good to be accomplished with the blessing of God. Who waa there knowing even a little of the history of the Catholic Church in Australia, and leving aa CatholicB did the welfare and progress of the church, that would not deem it a noble work, and worthy of any personal aacrifice to comfort the declining years of the venerable Bishop of that diocese ? He had truly ' bome the burdens of the day and the heats,' and he had the consolation of seeing as the fruit of his labourB under God, a well organized diocese, a zealous and devoted priesthood, a bind of religious si8tera of which any diocese might be proud, and a laity who were a bright example of fidelity to duty and gene rosity in works of religion aud charity. If to continue and advance these noble results of the episcopate of Maitland's first Bishop, his humble powers could avHil anything, he must not think of withholding them. No, he said, on that important occasion »ion recuso laborem. He intended, with God's help, to devote himself entirely to the task that bad been assigned him, to co-operate with the Priests and Nuns and people o£ that important diocese in carrying out and perfecting the works of religion and Catholic education which tbey had been enabled to accomplish nnder the direction of their venerable Bishop: and it was his hope that in the execution of this task he might continue to be to him in the evening of his life, what he- had hitherto striven to be — a devoted son. (Applause.) -? - Tbe'-remaining toaats were ' Dr. Murray,' the ' Clerical and Lay 'V isitors,' the ' Clergy of Maitland,' the ' Laity, Committee, and Ladies.' THE DOMINICAN CONVENT. 