COUPONS. Blossoming boughs in February, " and earth seemed crammed with heaven." So thought Mrs. Dillworthy as she surveyed her orchards, that melted away into the emerald dyes of the wheat fields on the right and the budding vine yards on the sun-kissed slopes on her left. Within range of her vision were pastures green, where her stock grazed in security and fattened in peace. An English woman, this same Mrs. Dillworthy, and, as she expressed it, " born bred, and brought up in London.'' Left a widow with one duughter, a brother who had settled in California some two years before had persuaded her to follow him, and invest her money in a well-cultivated ranch and orchard. The picture before her was the result, and so well satisfied was she that she sighed with deep content—a sigh from a heart overflowing with happiness and freedom from fretting cares. " I 'ave all I want to look at, and if 'igh winds don't play 'avoc with the blossoms I'll 'ave fruit properly plentiful," she thought. She walked leisurely down the gravelled walk, her plump hands on her hips, and her rosy face wearing a satisfied smile. Reaching the gate she called out— " 'Arriet ! 'Arriet, whatever is keeping you ?" " Coming, mamma," said a pleasant voice, and into view came a fair-haired, blue-eyed English girl with a wild rose complexion, and a pretty, slight figure. At her side walked a young man, ruddy and dark, with frank, brown eyes and a pleasant face. Mrs. Dillworthy stared hard as she said to herself, " What 'ave we 'ere for 'eaven's sake ?" Harriet spoke as she neared her mother. " Mamma, this young man, Mr. Danforth, is looking for work ; as you want the wood chopped he wishes to secure the job." Mrs. Dillworthy's face instantly took on a business expression. Turning to Danforth she asked— " What wages would you expect ? " " Two fifty and board, madam," he replied, as he bared his head, and ran his fingers through the thick brown locks that covered it. Accustomed to English labour prices, Mrs. Dillworthy was about to protest, but a glance from Harriet and the low remark, " This is the West, you know, mamma," caused her to say— " I will 'ire you, young man. I want the wood chopped well, and put out of the way in the wood house," pointing, as she spoke, to a lot of logs piled in disorder in the big yard. " Very well, madam," said the young man. He threw off his coat and hat, and began his work, and Harriet and her mother passed indoors. Although the fruit crop promised well, the dull times had made actual dollars and cents scarce with Mrs. Dillworthy ; so mother and daughter were economical, and on the look-out for bargains ; 1894 might be called coupon year, or, as Mrs. Dillworthy called it, " kew- pon." Every paper she subscribed to contained two or more coupons, which, when saved, and ten or twenty-five cents added, brought music, plants, or pictures to the sender. As they were totally unaccustomed to American methods of advertising, the Dillworthys believed implicitly in the genuineness of the " bargains" secured in this way, and one day every week found them chasing these four-sided slips from column to column, and clipping with as much unction as if a coupon saved were a dollar earned. And if Jane, the maid of all work, ever used a news- paper to kindle fires or polish windows she was almost under bonds to see if the coupons were cut or not. Harriet, girl like, wanted a new summer hat ; but her mother told her it was almost im- possible for her to spare the money to buy it. The hired man must be paid for spring work, and the wood chopping alone was quite an item. So Harriet had tried to manufacture one out of past glories in that line. One day, about a month after Danforth's arrival, when looking over the papers, Harriet's blue eyes rested on this advertisement— " Cut out this coupon and send it with two dollars to Messrs. Featherfew and Flower, who will furnish you with the latest confection in French hats." Harriet sprang up so hastily from the willow rocker that it tipped backward, scaring General her English pug, into a barking fit. Her mother was out on the back porch, with a tomato can full of seeds she had sorted out. The noise and quick steps startled her, and the contents of the can flew every way, as if from a patent seeder. " A coupon for a hat, mamma ! See ! see !" Harriet exclaimed joyfully. " 'Eavens and earth !" said her mother. " My 'eart's in a flutter. I thought the 'ouse was on fire, or the 'orse was dead." She stooped to pick up the seeds, while Harriet read the notice to her. " Can't I help you, Mrs. Dillworthy ? " some one courteously asked. The hired man had approached unnoticed, and stood smilingly regarding the little scene. Harriet blushed and ceased reading, but her mother stiffly answered— " No, thank you, Danforth ; you'd better go back to your work. " I can't abear that young man's forward ways," she said to her daughter when he had gone. " Oh, mamma, he meant only to be kind, I'm sure ! And you spoke so short," said Harriet. " I intended to ; it will teach him to keep his place in the future," returned her mother. " He's too familiar, 'Arriet. He talks to you whenever he can. You oughn't to allow it. Harriet blushed more deeply than before, and was silent. Mrs. Dillworthy had thoroughly English ideas. It was a difficult task to imbue her with American notions of equality. She could not be made to comprehend that wage-earning men or women might be of good family. So even the ghost of an idea that Tom Danforth, her servant, admired and wished to woo and win her daughter never entered her head. Besides that, she had other views for the girl. The leading merchant in the nearest town was 50 years old, and worth money. It is true he had broken every commandment worth speak- ing of ; no one could filch from him his good name for the reason that there was no good about him. Nevertheless, he was considered " a good match" for Harriet by Mrs. Dillworthy. She remarked one day to her daughter— " Mr. Miller is a thorough gentleman." " I thought he was dissipated," replied Harriet. Mrs. Dillworthy sniffed. " Well, he has a few 'abits, but they are only gentlemanly ones." " I call him a very fatiguing person," said Harriet. " I don't trust men who speak with the soft pedal down, and rub their hands as if washing them, Tom says—" " Tom ? Who's he—Danforth ? It doesn't dignify what he says about my friends, the for- ward fellow ! If he isn't careful he'll leave before his work is finished." And Mrs, Dill- worthy walked away with dignity in every line of her figure. As she disappeared Tom came around the corner with a large bunch of sweet peas in his hand, which he had gathered for Harriet. She took them with a low " Thank you," her pretty blush rivalling the colour of the blossoms. Tom looked at her admiringly as he said,— " The moon will he bright this evening, and the roads are prime. Don't you want to go to the office with me ?" Harriet glanced at him and saw an unmistak- able expression in his eyes. She blushed brighter as she looked down, and said " Yes" so sweetly that Tom felt she had answered both the unspoken and spoken question, and went off to his work radiant and happy. Mrs. Dillworthy was intent on household tasks, so this short interview was unnoticed ; but when Harriet asked if she might go for the mail her mother said promptly— " Let Tom go by 'imself." Harriet felt disappointed, but dared not pro- test. Tom was not easily rebuffed, however. When he saw Mrs. Dillworthy walking down to the pasture to inspect some stock, he threw down his axe and went to the open window where Harriet's golden head could be seen like a spot of sunlight as she leaned out to train an ivy against the casement. He watched the white hands a minute, then captured one and raised it to his lips. " Harriet," he said, " I heard your mother refuse to allow you to go to the office. I know she looks down on me, do you also despise me, dear ?" Harriet's hand trembled. She tried to draw it away, saying shyly— " Oh, please, Tom, don't !" " But, Harriet, I love you," persisted Tom, emboldened by her confusion. " I want you for my wife. Will you marry me, sweetheart ? " Harriet's blue eyes glanced out of the window, not meeting her lover's eager look. The upland slope and level plains, a sunlit sea of green, were radiant with a newly-acquired glory. Should she, could she, trust this ruddy young stranger with her heart, her life ! The seconds seemed hours to Tom, scanning her face anxiously meanwhile. She turned to him at last, and through his eyes saw his soul, sound and clear and whole, answering her unspoken thought, and reading it in the light of her own love, she said " yes." They were blissfully happy when up came Mrs. Dillworthy. " 'Arriet Dillworthy, do my eyes deceive me ?" she cried, " kissing the 'ired man ! Oh ! oh ! You'll break my 'eart !" Tom dropped Harriet's hand, and though somewhat confused stood by his guns like a man. " Mrs. Dillworthy," he said, " I have asked Harriet to marry me. Will you let me have her ? I love her very dearly, and will try to make her a good husband. I have some money saved and a—" But Mrs. Dillworthy angrily waived further speech. " Leave the 'ouse, sir, at once ! 'Arriet, shut that window ! I'll settle your bill to-morrow night, young man. But you must leave at once or I'll make you." Tom bowed and left her, and Mrs. Dillworthy sought her daughter. " To think you should take up with Danforth, when Mr. Miller 'as just written to ask me for your 'and and 'eart ! I blush for you, miss." But weeping Harriet only sobbed— " I love Tom and I hate that old beast !" " Rubbish ! You'll like him well enough when you're his wife." " That I will never be ! I'll run to the ends of the earth first," cried Harriet. " Don't drive me too far, mamma ! I'm a woman now, and know my own mind." " Go to your room, miss !" said Mrs. Dill- worthy, angrily. " We'll talk of this when that fellow is out of the way. I believe he's robbed you of all your common sense, that I do." Harriet obeyed, weeping unrestrainedly, and Mrs. Dillworthy felt the way of duty to be a thorny one. The next morning great was her consterna- tion to find Harriet missing. Only one con- clusion could she come to. She had eloped with Tom Danforth. She wept, and, like Rachel of old, would not be comforted. Jane stood by in sympathetic silence, till her mis- tress vehemently exclaimed— " Oh, it's his doings—the serpent that he is ! 'Arriet was always obedient and docile until she saw him." " I never would have thought Miss Harriet had the strength of mind to go off with Tom," ventured Janet. " Strength of don't mind !" snapped Mrs. Dillworthy, her anger getting the better of her sorrow for a moment. The fairness of the morning was all unnoticed though twinkling dew beads were strong on every blade of grass, and a snow of blossom petals perfumed the air from the orchards. Mrs. Dillworthy shut herself up in her room, and rocked to and fro, crying aloud— " She will never come back, and I who loved 'er, drove her to it ! Oh, my child ! my child ! Come to your 'eartbroken mother !" The day passed and evening came. Its beauty tempted the sorrowing woman out on the broad porch. She looked around her. The moon was rising, and stars thickly studded the blue sky. But nothing brought her comfort. "Oh, 'Arriet, where are you now ?" she moaned. " You said you would go to the ends of the earth. Are you lost to me forever ? Oh, why was I so 'ard ? My 'eart is breaking— breaking ! " Her sobs reached the ears of Janet, who came hurriedly to her. " Came, ma'am, don't take on so," she said soothingly. " Miss Harriet—" " Never mention her name again !" cried Mrs. Dillworthy with a quick revulsion of feeling. " She is dead to me now." " Nonsense, ma'am. Suppose she has married Tom, what then ? He's a likely young man and above his work. He told me hard times brought him down to wood chopping." " Up you mean," sniffed Mrs. Dillworthy. Waggon wheels were heard just then. The gate swung open, footsteps came hastily along up to the porch, and Harriet's fresh, sweet voice called out— " Oh, mamma, mamma ! I've got my hat, and it's a beauty. Were you frightened at my absence ?" She had reached the porch by this time and put up her lips to kiss her mother ; but that lady stepped back from the offered caress. " 'Arriet," she said sternly, " did you not elope with Tom Danforth ?" Harriet laughed, though the blushes came. " Why, mamma, how silly of you ! Had you forgotten I was to go to the city to- day to get my hat ? I thought if I went up early I should be back in time for lunch ; but the train was delayed by a washout. Tom drove me to the station as he had business in town. I have not seen him since. You know you told him you did not want him any longer." Mrs. Dillworthy had heard enough. She took Harriet in her motherly arms and kissed her heartily, saying— " Well, 'Arriet, I was an old goose. I forgot all about those kewpons." The hat had scarcely been sufficiently admired when another carriage had arrived, and Tom's well-known whistle was heard as he came up the path. In her joy at recovering Harriet Mrs. Dillworthy greeted him pleasantly, and went to her desk to get the money due to him. But Tom said " One moment, please, Mrs. Dillworthy. I want to ask you again for Miss Harriet's hand, and I hope you will reconsider your answer. I am in a better position now than I was yester- day. My uncle has just died and left me a snug little sum in railroad stock and Govern- ment bonds. I have the half-yearly coupons of both with me, and the lawyer's letter too. Will you look over them ? I love Harriet dearly, and I know she cares for me. Won't you say yes to us both ?" Mrs. Dillworthy's face was a study as she mechanically took Tom's papers. Silently she looked over them, and saw that they were genuine. Finally she spoke : " Take her, Tom, and if I ever meddle with kewpons in this America again I deserve to be hung. 'Arriet's wild goose chase after a 'at for a kewpon made me feel old, and its kewpons that give you the right to take her from me, but bless you both," she added, holding out her arms. " I 'ope and trust you'll be 'appy." The little scene which followed was inter- rupted by Janet, who had stolen into the room to listen. " Jupiter !" she exclaimed ; " a husband for a kewpon ! Guess I'll save 'em up myself after this !" " Janet !" said Mrs. Dillworthy, reprovingly. " Don't scold her, mamma," laughed Harriet. " Come here, Janet, and wish me joy." " Indeed, I do, miss, with my whole heart, and you too, Mr. Danforth. And I've got some news for you : The butcher's boy told me this morning that old Miller had failed and lost every cent of his money. So he wasn't such a good match after all, ma'am." " I've been a silly old woman," said Mrs. Dillworthy, choking a little. " Forgive me, Tom. I ——" But Harriet's arms were about her neck, and further speech was checked by a kiss. Mrs. Dillworthy, mindful of past sorrow, still refuses to have anything to do with coupons in any form ; but and find Harriet will always love them, and in their home may possibly hang the motto, " God bless the coupon." 