[OOPYBIGHTED-Aliti EIGHTS RESERVED.] LOVED BY AN EMPRESS ; or, THE PAXiAOB OP IOB. T A EO MANGE Ol' HOLT RUSSIA. By SKIFF BOBLASE, Author of " loved by a Lord " " Both PriuoeM nod Folloe Spy,'' .' Nina the Nihilist," " The Black Band " " Queen of the Harem," "The Polioe Minister,".".The Black Bloodhound," &c.; Part I.-A- Dominion of Darkness. ' CHAPTER VI. ' «'Tun HOLT ASPEN STAKES I DEATH TO THU . DEVIL'S DAVQHTEB. Meanwhile Gretchen Moller, looking like an; thing but a ghost or a resuscitated oorpse (for i will bo remembered that by her own desire shi had been laid in her coffin attired in her pre«; festal drras, In Uso ot being wrapped in tbi hideous bal orthodox winding «beet) ran toward the peasant village and her parents' house. Sbi had a vague and undefined notion of what hat happened, and consequently anticipated a joynm . reooption sod weloome ^ home, in plaoe of thi hideous one which was in store for her. The fir.it perron whom she encountered, in thi extremo onn-kirbn of tho hamlet.was Fache: Demetrine, tho parish priest, v.'bo had boen callee op in the dead of the night to administer the lan tites of religion to Peter Petroskn, who had beer knontcd during* tho' day by the German overseer until un internal tumour had been, out into, si that he wai now dying. Karl Muller was not, as we have - befori declared, an inhuman man. But the fate of hil children, sud the suppered infidelity ot his wit« with the nriadnik. had, for the time being, made him hate everything Kassian. . Fnrthermore, thc quantity of vodka wbioh he had drunk to assuage his grief had also, for the present, given him th« ' temper of tbe very devil, lt was aotually he who, seizing the knout nut of too hand of the sturdy peasant who, ha considered, was scourging the bara baak of .a victim too mercifully, had given him the final slash, of whioh he was now dying. A certain measure of retribution had already fallen upon poor Karl, though ic was as nothlug compared with* that whioh wan to como, foi Count Wolinski, hearing of what had happened, had already dismissefl him frora his employ, not «o much by reason that he hid killed a serf for a '. - - - mere.petty theft as because he regarded the serf ne » valuable ohs on aooonnt ola particular talent that he had possesstd for trapping wolves, whioh he would never communicate to anyone. As may be readily imagined, publie feeling was running very high against tbe Gorman over- seer throughout " th« pearant village on this epoolal nlgnt, and all tho moro dangerously beoauso ic was known to everyone that ho was a dlMtrnoed man, nod entirely out of favour with their common lord and truster. Karl himself was aware that he was surrounded by peril. He bad looked bis doo», bolted his lower windows, nnd in other ways fortified his residence, ere his sorrows drove bim to the battle onoo more, and he bad got helplessly drunk upon its content*. 1 Poor little Gretohen I How little did she guess into what horrible perils she was rushing, or that tho only being in all the world who loved her (a fond father wbo would thankfully bave surrendered np his life to preserve her) had drank himself into a condition wherein ho could not eo muon as have lifted a hand to help her were she being torn to pieoes before, his very eyes. AB we have before said, the first person abo encountered wns the villng« priest, an excellent . man and eoolesiastio in bis way, but as supeMi tiuuB ns any of bis flock, und almost as ignorant as many of them. " Ob, your rererenoe, you buried me alive," was Gretchen's exulted greeting ; bnt upon hearing her words and recognising her face, the worthy father turned and Hid, crying out as he stumbled ulong : " The dead walk ! The dead walk I The devil has burst asunder grave nod oofun, and brought baok the heretio girl to u sew and diabolical lifo.' Uh, tho plague or the ' flowery typhus is Bure io follow iu i.er wuke. But there i» one way to break down tho fell power of the evil one, Ho, there! Rouse upi Boase upi The holy aspen stakes-the holy aspen stake«. There is a devil out of hell to be impaled on thom," At this moment, sounding Uko nn cubo of tho terrified prleBt'B ejaculations oame the ns yet distant voice of Akim, thu discharged soldier, railing- . "Tho dovll is out and about in the body of a dead girl. Beware tbe wizard girl, Out with the holy appen stakes. Let the fiend forth through the hobs that you drive in the corpse, before he can do any of yon a mieohlef. Loy about you like good Christians!" G. otoñen, on hearing these orien, was at first ?crook dumb and motionless wich minglod horror and astonishment",. .It-(seemed almost impossible to , orcdit tho .evidence of her senses that Father Demetrius especially, who had'often,' when sh« was a little girl, fondled and onreased her, anil had treated her with unvarying kindness ever sinoe, should now. regard bur with detestation and fear. If» he had thus chanced, what might she not expeot nt the banda of th» superstitious and brutal peasantry, could they but cut ber off from her father's boute, and consequently from nil . chance of pucouur. \- Tbe thought nod dread seemed to give wings to her feet, and shu dashed on afresh iu the direction ot ber home, sobbing, panting, and wringing her '. bands ns she went. By this time, from the wooden tower in tho centre of tho village, tho big iron bell, which at different hoon of thu day called the Berts to thoir work, or- dismissed thom to their meals, was ringing as though a raving uianiao was frantically pulling at tho rope, 'then as suddenly as oomos j the hum of myrla«! tirol from nu accidentally over- ! turned hive, rosa tba voice» of the fast gathering multitude. At the mino time tho hoarse tonos of Akim booruc-i! out ouoo molo on tho still air of night with i " Tho holy aspen stake« for the daughter of tho devil. She'll bo ninmigst yi-u in another minute, and then sh« may spic lots of little duvil imps out of her mouth Into enah of your houses, for that's a common trick," Grrtohon «lanced baok over her shoulder to see who thia hitter enemy of hers could be. She caught fight of tho fiat, shiny leather hat and ' the long grey coat of nu apparent giant, whose heavy footateps wanned to enak» the ground as ha oamu . pounding steadily nioner after her, waving bis long arms nb 'Ut the while like aemaphoro signals. " If either of ns ton Icu!» like a devil, I'm Bute it is he rather than I," Gretchen oould not help thinking to herself., even in thot moment of awful peril. Sho dnshod forward oven laster than before, fearful that the terrible looking giant would otherwise, overtake her, and perhaps tear her limb from limb with those huge brandished hands of his Presently sha oaught lier foot against the root of . tree, mid fell heavily to the gronnd. But tha wan ap in an instant, nnd had resumed ber Hight. In half » minuto or so more, brr father's honro was in fnlt vlow, for lb stood, ai wo have before said,' on the outskirts of the serf ' village. " Ob, I shall reach it in time to eave my life after all. God be praised V thought Gretohen. Sha put on a fresh spurt that brought her right up to the door, against whioh she beat with bor ' little fl-ts until they both bled, ut the same timo shrinking out i " Father, Father, open nod lot roe in, I'm not dend, hut 1 will be presently uuli-ss you woko up They are going to kill rae with aipen »tuite». I hey think that tho devil hos brought me back to lita And BO tho; want to inurJer me. ' Holp, dear 'father, help I" '. . Good reason had tho beautiful young girl for this rapidly uttered rhownr of appeals to rout .parent who lind idolised rather thnn merely loved ber, but wbo now lay BB helpless as a lng nf wood in his drnnkon sleep. HÍB llusslnn wife. Kiiii-.lm, carno to ono of the downstairs windows, Peering through n oruok tn tho closed rltutter hhn saw, hy tho lurid glitro of rapid I y nppronuhltiu- tmahtw, .> hu it wan that stood . . coKirlnir und trembling outside. Sha ac Amt Huppu'ud ic tu bo Uretidiens «ho.»t lo stood nf Urctuhon alive nnd in the flesh, us was roally tba case, Wh-n, hanover, thi wlokod and revrngful woiiinn perceived liov.tho poor girl was trembling and palpitating, sh» I ethooghc ber that shu hud n« ver hoard of a ghost being 'afraid of, anything. \- She at onco veered round to tho opinion that, it was really Gretohon, nnd held ie until a minuta or H i later, she hoard tho onrushing crowd of. serfs vociferously declaring that it wa«'a duvil mit of hell who had raised her little stepdaughter from tho gravo in n dur that he might rio hi» ovil wi rk in lier fair seeming body. Ivntinkn nt oiiuo embraced the rame view of tho ouse, and begun to - rend tho nlr with her terrified shiiokingn. | Meanwhile Gro'.ohen continued to ell oat ia j .Jtjronislng tones to her father to open the door and ! Int her in, repeating again «nd again, that if he did not come to her help she won ld hu murdered ; hut, alas, there WAH no response to her piteous appeal?. The mob were now oloro upon, her, brandishing the holy a«pt»u stakes in the air in mad haste to impale her exquisite little form therewith. Oa one band the Tillage priest was inditing them to the " pious aotiou." On rho otb>r, Akim the mendicant soldier, proud of th* attention that he was able to attraot, wa-t shnutlng nut that *' a aoaple of hours previously, while pas- ing by the graveyard wall of St. lease's Church, he had heard a sound like some terrible txploi-lori, and had seen a mass of earth shoot np into the air, as thongh from a valen on, and in its miili-t a uolfln, whioh had been horst open by a ru«h of flame, and the devil girl had leapt out oa to the ground. " . Then, as a sudden and a frech idea struck him he added that " Bhe hadn't ran straight towardB the village, bnt . had 'first plunged into the forest, where »be pounded apon a bountiful little naked boy, as white os new fallen snow, wbu told her that he was Inst, and »eked her to take him home, instead of whioh the devil girl hat seized hold of him, torn his plump little body and limbs to pieces, with ber fingers, and then devonred great masses of his fle«h, thereafter throwing what remained of him into the deserted oharooal homer's hat." The wretch pointed to Gretchen's hands, both of whioh were bleeding freely, owing to the frnntio manner in whioh she bad beaten at tho duor of her home therewith, nn evidenoe of the truth of his assertions, and declared that the ruby-ted inarki wera the gore of the lovely boy whom she had alain and thun partly eaten. 1. : Katinka, on bearing this wild tale, whioh the ex-soldier had told in order to throw the blame of the crime whioh be and his equally vile comrade had onmmitted; npon the Innocent head of tbe now apparently death-doomed girl, uttered a fearful shriek and fell down in a swoon. . '' ' 