IN SEARCH OF TREASURE ISLAND. An American exchange says that a big Boston Syndicate expedition left for San Francisco on June 3 to search for the biggest treasure in the world, a mysterious island in the Pacific upon which is a veritable mountain of gold. A vessel will be ohartered some where on the California coast to. sail according to the chart in possession of the Syndicate, which marks oxactly the location of the trea sure. The Company, whioh has plenty of means and ample equipment, is confident that , "there's millions in it." i This is not an ordjuary evoryday hit-or-miss j excursion of ad venturers, but a careful business i venture under the guidance of business men and experienced sailors and miners. Two only ; of tlio Boston Syndicate will make the trip, aud one of them is Dr. G.. H. Bailey, of , Boyston-streat, who believes iniplieitv in the j story told by a person who cared for an'old California miner during his last sickness in Maine a few months ago. The money for the trip has been raised, and ! Dr. Bailey has located the island from tho plans, latitude and longitude, left by tho miner. . Here is tho story of the island's dis covery told by tiie poison who nursed tho old miner:— In 1S50 a carpenter living in an Eastern Stato went to California during the gold ex citement. In 1878, when ho was at Panama, a whaler came into port, and two sailors belonging to her deserted, and the whaleship sailed without them. Ho became acquainted with tho two men, and they grew quite confidential. The two sailors, after binding him to secrecy, imparted to him the infor mation that, shortly before arriving at Panama, their ship touched at an island to take in water. While waiting for the ship to stand in these two sailors took a stroll along tho beach. They noticed that the sand was filled with shining particles of gold, and that crevices or seams of the watercourse were full of it. They gathered a small package. A reiving on board ship they kept their own counsel. Tlicy pro duced a package, and after a careful test at Panama the carpenter pronounced it gold of the finest quality. It was decided to return to the islaud, and, after enlisting eight other men, most of whom were hard characters, and plodgiug them to secrecy, they raised money to purchase a small craft, and arrived at the islands safely. They began to carouse, and finally got into a fight, which ended in some one setting the vessel on lire. All got ashore, but the vessel, with stores, tools, &c.;, was burned. All but tho carpenter and one sailor left the island at night in a small boat. They lost their lives in the attempt (o escape. Tho two stayed oil the islaud, anu were taken off by a passing vessel. The chief drawback to these explorations was tho large number of lcptiles, scorpions, tarantulas, &c.;, which abounded every where, and finally, with the unearthing ,of a bush, a number of reptiles jumped at the men, frightening thorn away. They retreated and did not again venture to return. After arriving at Panama the two men left tho vessel, but the sailor was taken sick that night with the isthmus fever. Tho carpenter cared for him until he died; then he took what gold lie had and boarding the steamer returned home to Maine. During , tho poriod of iiis recent illness a man who lived near by took care of him. To him he told the story, and drew a plan and described tho island and location, also the opposite shore, givintr such an accurate description that one familiar with the coast could nave 110 trouble in verifying the state ments. Shortly aftor he died, tho nurse told the story to a member of the Syndicate, who made some notes of tho narrative, and afterwards looked up the character of tlio Pacific Coast, with liis sailing directions and coast survey, and found these statements to be verified by the facts. The latitude varied only about forty uiilos, a mistake easy enough to one knowing but little of latitude or longitude, but tho distance from the mainland was very correct. An Expose nit of Ghosts.—How to lay a ghost was the useful subject of a letter written by Mr. Frederick Wicks in tho Tims on August 20. It may be safely commended to the attention of tho Psychical ltosoarch Society. Mr. Wicks found himself (says the .Sf. James's Budget) tile embarrassed possessor of a "haunted" house. There was one room, occupied by servants, in whicli appalling noises were heard. Tho housemaid had hysterit-3; tho cook gave notice. So Mr. Wicks took action. Ho put his son, a young gentleman without nqrves and with a legal training, to sloepln the haunted room. Sure enough, the observer was awakened in the middle of tho night by the proper ghostly sounds. Ho heard tho noise of a souffle, the fall of a bod}', a sound as of a heavy body dragged across tlio floor, and, finally, a long, wailing cry of a suitably bloed- curdling des cription. Mr. Wicks tracked tho sounds to their lair, and found tiiey camo from a closed roof. So he sent in a carpenter, who explored tho rafters, and discovered that a large colony of bats had taken up their abode inside the roof. The bats were chased away, anil the sounds ceased. It seems almost a pity to lay so promising a " ghost" so quietly. If only Mr. Wicks had invited a committee of the Psychical Research Society to.make investiga tions, wo might have had a spectral correspon dence which would havo kept us interested— and cool—all througli the silly season. For thero is nothing like a ghostly shiver down the backbone for cooling one's temperature oil a hot day. The Heaps of Famous Men.—A well known hatter, who has for somo years past been interesting himself in compiling a list of head sizes of eminent men, recently wrote to Mr. Gladstone;—"I send you a cap which I . think will prove a good fit for your head (sizo 7'&). It may prove useful as a travelling cap. As a hatter, I take an interest in collecting ! sizes of heads of eminent men. Tho following aro a few sizes of popular heads:—Lord Chelmsford, OJ; Duko of York, G|; Dean Stanley, 6.? j Emperor of Germany, C|; Prince of Wales, 7; Burns and Dickens, 7k; Earl Russell, 7}; W. M. Thackeray, 7j}; Dr. Thomas Chalmers, 7i'; Dan O'Connell, 8; Dr. Thomson, Archbishop of York, 8 full; Joseph Hume, M.P. (tho financier), 8J. This gives you the whole scale from the smallest to the largest known. Your favourite author, Sir Walter Scott's head was about 7. Our Sovereign Queon Victoria's head, from a close view I once got, I take to be OA size." Mr. Gladstone, in accepting the cap as a gift, sent the following reply:—" I thank you very much for the handy cap you have sent mo. The sizes of the heads given by you are full of interest" A Souvenir of the Diamond Jubilee.— , We" have received from Messrs. D. & J. | Fowlor, agents for Wills's cigarettes, a Very handsome 'souvenir of the Diamond Jubilee, in the form of a'large toned sheet on which are. displayed excellent coloured portraits of Her Majesty the Queen and the other British Sovereigns from the time of the Norman Conquest. Beloware represented thenumefbus gold medals which have been won by Messrs. Wills for their famous cigarettes. A Clerical Bet.—Sydney Smith willingly assisted his neighbours in their clerical duties, and an anecdote of one of these occasions is still current in the district. He dined with the incumbent on the preceding Saturday, and the evening passed in great hilarity, the Squire, by name Kershaw, being conspicuous for his loud enjoyment of the stranger's jokes. " I am very glad that I have amused you," said Mr. Sydney Smith at parting; " but you must not laugh at my sermon to-morrow." "I should hope I lmow the difforenoe between being here or at Church," remarked the gentleman, with some sharpness. " I am not bo sure of that," replied the visitor. " I'll bet you a guinea on it,"said tho Squire. "Take you," replied tlie divine. The preacher ascended the steps of the pulpit, apparently sufforiug from a severe cold, with his handker chief to his face, and at ouco sneezed out the name "Ker-shaw" several times, in various intonations. This ingeniousassuinption of the readiness with which a man would recognise his own name in sounds imperceptible to the ears of. others proved accurate. The poor gontleman burst into a guffaw, to the scandal of tho congregation; and the minister, after looking at him with stern roproaoh, proceeded with his discourse aud won the bet. Patriots' Fees.—In commenting upon the. recent decision of the members of the Trans vaal Volkaraad to vote themselves £1,200 a year as payment for their services, tho Natal Witness says:—" 'It was loft,' says The -Ade laide Observer, ' to South Australia.—the van loading democratic province—to teach its moro Conservative neighbours lossous in guinea-getting at tho taxpayers' expense. Democracy is ih aotno cases working out fairly well as a protitable enterprise for those in a ; to banoiit bv its evolution.' No such position lesson needed to bo taught in South Africa When members of tho Capo Legislature were paid mileage one, whose residence.was at Kim bcrloy, used to travel to Capetown by way of Natal, and others got to the capital by similar circuitous routes. In South Australia tho Prime Minister and two other Minis ters arc also delegates to the Convention. Their salary as Ministers is £1,000, and they, have been drawing delegates' pay, which comes to another £420. Members aro paid £200 a year, and six have also boon drawing two guineas as delegates. These honest gentlemen, who have been nicknamed Federal guinea- pigs, have boon drawing between them £147 of the public money weekly. _ One has been able to add materially to his library, which possibly he intends to bequeath to the Federal Parliament, and in that case ho might be doing good. Another lias dtclared his inteution of drawing the whole to which ho will be entitled, and. after deducting for the days bo was actually^ in Convention, will distribute the balance in charity, which will be vicarious. Whilst there aro such motes in our eye, it may be as well not to bo too j Pharisaical ovor beams in the Transvaal eye. ' Our motes nught grow to it in time." The Ingathering of the Jews.—During tho closing days of August (writes a Jewish correspondent to the Daily Chronicle) the city of Bale, in Switzerland, has been the seene of an unusual eveut. On the invitation of the now well- known Dr. Herzl, of Vienna, a gathoring of tho doctor's co-religionists have been mooting in parliamentary conclave to discuss measures for reconstituting a Jewish State in Palestine. From all parts of the world eminent Jews, in sympathy with this object, have come to take part in these unpre cedented deliberations. It 1*3 tho first time in tho world's history that a conference has been oonvoned for such a purpose. Dr. Moral's bold proposal to re-settlo his fellow-Jews in their own land lias aroused a wide spread interest not limited to his own com munity. The question of tho return of the Jews to their Premised Laud, after eighteen centuries of exile, is one that must always have a fascination for most thinking minds. As a religious question it appeals to Christians | equally with Jews. As one of intern itional statesmanship which may at any timo coroc within the rango of practical politics, it possesses a deep significance for some of the princi pal nations of Europo and Asia. For a I long timo to conic, as for a long time past, the Eastern question must continue to exercise a dominating influence on the course of European politics. A full aud final solution Of that question is very likely to include tlie settle ment of Palestine as a neutral State, guaran teed by the principal European Powers. A Royal Playwright.—The Kaiser is shortly to be scon in the role of playwright. Among the excitements arranged for tho | King and Quunn of Italy is a Festspiol in the Wiesbaden Theatre, in the preparation of which tho Kaiser lias taken a hand. The idea | and outline, it is said, are his : sumo dramatic Knacicfuss, wo presume, has "done the rest." Allegorical tableaux representing fraternal relations between Germany and Italy, which aro the staple of tho performance, do not sound exactly exciting, though tliey probably will not be lacking in amusement. In ono of the tableaux is a picture of Rome, and to this belongs a talc. Tho artist had painted the | son rising over the dome of St. Peter's. This seems a. likely enough thing for tho sun to do, but. alas ! politics and nature como sometimes into conflict. I11 tho present condition of affairs in tho Sacred City it could uot afford any pleasure to the King of Italy to observe light streaming from such a source. Hence orders were given for the sun to bo painted out or removed farther from the region of tho Vatican! Germany's Warciiest.—A correspondent of the Financial Times wrote from Berlin 011 August 21 as follows:—"It will ho remem bered that of tho 5,000,000,000f. received from France as war indemnity Germany reserved a certain amount in gold for expenses in caso of war,- which is kept in the Julius Towel of tho fortress at Spandau, and chocked from j time to time. Such an inspection, at which ' tho Governor of tho fortress was present, took place recently by the members of tlie Imperial Debt Commission. A staircase leads, after having opened three iroa_ doors, to the room where 120,000,000 marks in gold aro stored. A thousand iron chests are heaped upon each other like boxes of cigars, every box having twelve compartments, which each contaius 10,000 marks in bags. The examination is conducted on any cnauce bag. A couple of smart artillerymen, each of whom receives 5 marks, are requisitioned to lift tho boxes. The contents of the bags aro fir3t counted several times, then various bags are weighed, after which several chests, hermetically sealed, aro opened in order to verify tho right number of bags. The inspection concluded, a report I is drawn up. For the safety of the war treasure tlie following precautions are taken : —The citadel can only be approached by such strangers as receive permission from the mili tary authorities; before tho entrance of the tower a sentry is permanently 011 duty, and every day at 12 o'clock the officer in command, iD company with a sergeaut-inajor, who carries | a lighted lantern, onters the cellars of tho tower and scrupulously examines the founda tion." A Japanese Complimentto Queen Vxcxohia. ; "—In the Far East (tbo Japanese magazine Erinted in English}, which has just reached ■ondon,'the place of honour is occupied by a portrait of Queen Victoria, ana eleven ''beatitudes." These beatitudes are curious. Each begins "Blessed, is' the Queen—wh6 reigns over an Empire upon whioh the sun never sets; who commands the mightiest Navy the world has ever seen; whose subjects are. admired as peerless in commerce and industry; whose government iB based upon liberty and justice;- who has been incessantly assisted by the ablest Ministers such as the world seldom sees; in whose reign the power and wealth of her Empire his (sic) been in creased by leaps and bounds; whoso soul is humble and obedient before God; whose heart hungers aud thirsts after righteousness; whoso tears arc shed for the weak and poor; whoso hands turn the old-fashioned spinning wheel in ' Windsor; who celebrates her Diamond Jubilee amidst the heartfelt rejoicing of her children scattered all over the world." The- Rebellion in the Philippines.—The rebellion in the Philippines (sayB the North China Herald) is far from being crushed. Fighting, more or less severe, is still going on in Central Luzon, and although the Spaniards claim all the victories, there is no doubt the rebels are making a stubborn defence. Emilio Agunaldo, leader of the insurgents, has recently issued a proclamation in which the administration of the islands is denounced; the Filipinos are called upon to take up arms in a desperate_ struggle for liberty; and the banishment of tlie priests is insisted upon. This man has, it is said, proved himself an able and cautious general, and while holding his own against groat odds he has shown moderation in victory and by his considerate treatment of his captives. He is now securely entrenched in the mountains in the centre of Luzon, and the Spaniards will lind it difficult to dislodge him. Embellishment op -Bank Notes.—It is improbable that the Hungarian Government's new aud _ original scheme of combining pleasure with business will commend itself to our own more prosaic and les3 frivolously minded rulers. Official authority, it appears (according to the Work/), has been giyon to the Stato Bank of Budapest to embellish its notes with portraits of tho most popular actresses and singers in the country. Tho new departure is not without its fascination, but it requires a considerable imaginative faculty to conceive tho appearanco of Bank of England notos ornamented with tbe counter feit presentment of Miss Ellen Terry, or Miss Letty Lind, or Mrs. Patrick Campbell. Such additions to the intrinsic attractiveness of the notes would doubtless increase tho reluctance of their holders to part with them; but there is certain irrelevance in the idea winch, it is to bo feared, will bo fatal to its extension beyond tho volatilo nation with wiiichit has originated. Photographs or Celebrities.—Some in teresting particulars have bc-on (says an exchange) published in Paris concerning tho sale of the photographs of celebrities. The list is bonded by a ballet-dancer, Mdllc Cleo do Merodo, among tho fair sox, of whom about 10,000 photos aro sold annually. Sarah Bernhardt comes fifth with a sale of 7,000. The purchasers are said to bo mainly Germans, Russians, and tbeu Americans. Photos of male celebrities do notscll anything ike so well. The Emperor Menelik head si tho list, and is followed by the King o Greece, the German Emperor, tho Einperor of Russia, and M. Felix Faurc, in the order named. It is curious to note the large demand for likenesses of Kaiser Wilhelm. Of French politicians M. Hanotaux is easily first. There is no great demand for the other members of the Cabinet. Pierre Loti is tho favourito among writers, while M. Zola came second with a yearly sale of about 800. Then follows M. Alphonse Daudet and "Gyp." The Academicians do not appear to be very popular, judged by the sale of their photo graphs. Only six, including Pierre Loti, are iu any demand. ■ They are M.M. L. Halevy, Francois Coppec, Vicloricn Sardou, Anatole France, and Joso Maria do Horedia. A Cai.ifoenian Reform School.—A British Consul in a recent report says:—"In previous reports I liavo commentod at some length on a- reform school for juvenile offenders, established in 1801 at Wintrier, about eight miles east of this city. Tho dis tinguishing feature of this school is that tho inmates are treated with great kindness, are taught a trade, andean eliooso from eighteen trades which one they wish to learn. The Superintendent writes me that ' it is not often necessary to inflict severs punishment, but wo find it advisable for some of tho pupils to know that such punishment may bo iullicted in case of necessity.' Tiia daily average number of inmates in 180(5 was 400, and the cost per inmate was £55 per annum. In the five years tho school has been in operation 1,0(59 ohildren have been confined in it, 980 of whom were committed for tho following offences:—Burglary, larceny, vagrancy, and incorrigibility. The parents of 517 of these ohildren wore native-born Americans, and 552 were of foreign birth. Tho percentage of Irish parents among thoso of foreign birth is re markably large. I am assured by a former Superintendent that the school has made good citizens of numbers of embryo criminals." The Siiah or Persia and the British Recai.ia.—With reference to the small amount of appreciation which the King of Siatn gave to tho rogalia at the Tower (writes a corre spondent of tho A't. J:tlues's Gazelle) it may interest you to learn that tho Shall of Persia thought very little ol" tlicm cither. Ho was taken to sue tho Grown jewels, and their value was explained to him by Lord de lies, through an interpreter. Lord do Ros was himself unaware that the Koh-i-Xor diamond at tho Tower is only a model. But the Shall detected the fact at once, and blurted it out with rather contemptuous emphasis. Finally, after turning over everything, ho said some thing in Persian to the interpreter; and the interpreter told Lord do Ros that his Majesty wanted to know if " these were all." "Yes," said Lordde Ros, "these are all." The Shall on receiving this information said something more in Persian, which tho interpreter did not translate. " What does His Majesty say?" asked Lord de Ros. Tho interpreter only grinned. "I insist on knowing what His Majesty says," repeated Lord de Ros, amazed at this seeming impertinence. The interpreter responded that Ilia Majesty had said that lie did not think much of thein! Doubtless his own collection at Teheran was finer. The Jeweller's Use of Gold.—In England alone £82,000 worth of gold a week is used by tho jewellers; and this is nearly all new gold, which, being required in certain forms and quantities, is mostly sup plied from London. A curious chapter might bo written on the preparation of jeweller's gold. Thore is watch gold, for instance, which is of eighteen carat, and for the more decorative smaller articles there is grain gold, which is fine gold above tho Mint standard. Although the metal ie prepared in London, by far the larger portion of the articles are manu fai>hirad in H,Vi-.iinrr!in.m and Sllnffifild. Rir factured in Birmingham and Sheffield. Bir mingham takes half the gold and eilvor used in British jewellery, tho silver alone used in tho capital of tho Midlands averaging over £350,000 a year. England's £1,720,000 a year is said to be a third of tho world's goldsmiths' work, although, of conr.se, all gold statistics arc for many and obvious reasons but approxi mate and none too favourable estimates. A Murderous Savage.—Particulars of £ quadruple murder which occurred at Awaji. inJapan, in August, are given in an ex* - change.- A young man had had illicit xelat tionB with the wife of another.' but- as the woman refused to leave her nuaband he^ paramour broke into the honse on. the night of the 7 th inst." and with au axe killOd the husband by a heavy blow on the head. Thed he hacked at the woman, and having killed her, he began smashing all the furniture in the house. A oarpentor who came from the next house was killed also, and the young murderer then'made his way to the house of a woman in the village, and attempted to murder her, but she fled with her daughter. In the darkness they became separated. The child was overtaken and murdered, and the murderer escaped into a thicket on the hill. At noon the followiug day a search party of eight policemen and a number of villagers sooured the hill, but without success. A Romance op Modern Paris.—Jenny Masson, who ten years ago had all Paris at her feet, was arrested on Friday, August 20, for embezzlement. The story of her life is one of the romances of modern Paris. As a girl she was possessed of such beauty and fascination that she was able to command the worship of men. But she was as heartless as she was beautiful, and many a young Parisian of wealth was ruined by ner, and as often as not her victims blow their brains out when they found themselves cast off for others and more wealthy lovers. The scandal of her life and the sacrifice of her dupes in course of time became so pronounced that she found it advisable to loavo Paris for a time. Shis went on the atago, but aohieved a mediocre reputation only, and ultimately found herself in- Russia friendless and penni less. She managed to get back to Paris, and went to an old friend, who took her. in out of charity. It was, however, misplaced, for she annexed all the valuables she could find and sold them, and is now under arrest in con sequcnco.—Dateicl.' The Anglo-American Federal Sentiment. —At a luncheon on August 0, to which all the members of the Lambeth Conference wero invited, given in the hall of tho Grocers' Com pany by tho United Boards of Missions of Canterbury and York, tho Archbishop of Canterbury presided, and proposed, after the toast of "Tho Queen," "The Health of the President of tho United States." Ho was sure, he said, they would be ready to do all honour to tho man who was the choice of that ■ groat Ropublic with which we were bound in many close ties, which wo desired to bo our warm friend throughout all our history— (cheers)—witii which wo desired to cultivate the most intimate, tho closest relations, and which wo admired among all the nations of the earth. (Choers.) England, perhaps, would admire England most—(laughter)—but as suredly if there was another country that wo admired from our hearts it was that great country that partook of our blood, that studied our literature, that read tho great talo of our past history, that still kept our common law, that in so many ways was more English than was ordinarily supposed. (Laughter.)" He felt that we had brothers, and wo assured them iu return that they had brothers here. The Bishop of London, in proposing "Our Sister Church iu America," said that there woro between tho American Bishops and their English brethren certain superficial differences noticoable. Tho American Bishops were muoh more conservative and less democratic. (Laughter.) But except that trifling diffe rence, there was none other that was recog nisable. The Bishop of Minnesota, responding, said that there was no amuscmont dearer to % certain class of jingoes among tho American people than to tread upon the lion's tail— (laughter)—but tho groat beating heart, not of Churchmen alone, but of all that loved tho Lord Josus Christ and had faith in the mission of the English-speaking race, beat in unison with that of Euglishmon. (Cheers.) He con cluded by proposing " The Colonial and Mis sionary Church," which was acknowledged by the Archbishop of Rupert's Land and the Bishop of Calcutta, tho latter of whom pro posed "Tho Home Churches." Tho Bishop of Aberdeen, tho Bishop of Cork, and the Archbishop of Canterbury rosponded.. A Persian Industry.—In his recently published book entitled "Round about Ar menia," says tho British Trade Journal, the record of a journey across tho Balkans, through Turkey and tho Caucasus and Persia, in 1805, Mr. E. A. Brayloy Hodgetts gives an account of his interview with Mr. Wood, an English Consul:—"Do you know what these are made of?" Mr. Wood asked me, as he handed nm an ash-tray of papier-ni.ichA "They look liko papier-mfich V' I replied. " So thoy are," he said, "but thoy are made of British Bibles. Yon have no idea what a boon these Bibles are to tho villago industries of Persia." I was very much amused at this statement, and naturally accepted it with tho proverbial grain of salt; but I have since ascertained that Mr. Wood's information was absolutely trust worthy. Japanese as Foreign Investors. - The cnterpriso of Japanese capitalists in the development of home industries is remarkable, but tho following from tho Japan Mail shows that thoy aro ready for foreign investments also. Vi :-count Enomoto was the Minister of Agriculture and Commerce in the Ito Cabinet: — "Tho Japan-Mexico Emigration Company, recently promoted by Viscount Enomoto and others, dispatched thirty contract labourers and five free emigrants at the end of April last. The Company started with a capital of 200,000 yen, privately subscribed, and is now endeavouring to obtain public support as well. The Mainiehi says that this Company, being tho pioneer of emigration to Mexico, deserves the best wisheB of tho nation. Mr. Asataro Ainenomiya went with tho emigrants, having been commissioned by his father, tbo well j known Mr. Kujiro Amenomiya, to investigate the resources of the country and report i thereon. If any promising field for invest j ment is found, lie is prepared to take it up. And yet economists talk of inducing capital to ! come to Japan." I Tiie Minimum on Sleep.—How many hours i sloop docs a man want? Professor Max j Miillcrin his reminiscences records a statc I mcnt of von Humboldt on this subject. "As j I get old," he said, "I want more sleep, four | hours at least. When I was young," he con j tiuued, "two hours of sloop was quite ; enough for ine." Professor Max Miiller I ventured to express doubts, apologizing for differing from him on any -physio logical fact. "It is quite a mistake," lie said, "though it is very widely spread, that we want seven or eight hours of sleep. When I was your ago, I simply lay down on the sofa, turned down my lamp, and after two hours' sleep I was as fresh as ever." If Humboldt was speaking seriously and tho habits ho described were continued for long periods, tho experience is certainly remark able, for ho did an immense amount of work and lived to be eighty-nine. It may almost bo said that ho lived to bo 178, for lie certainly lived twice as many waking hours as most of mankind. "For the Blood is the Tape."—If the blood is laden with impurities it spreads disease as it circu lates through tho organs of the human body— Lungs, Heart; •Stomach, Kidneys, Brain. Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture is warranted to cleanse the blood fron arising. For Skin and Blood 1 , . kind; its effects arc marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been o(Fee.ted by it. Sold everywhere at 2s. 9.1. Beware of worthless imita tions and suhstit ntes. n209va " SCRIPTURAL PLAYS" is the- . Queen's Family.—A writer in a London paper remarks':—It is well known that Her Majesty Queen Victoria undertook the superinten dence of the religious teaching of. her children, but: few .people have ever heard of the keen delight which the young Princes and Princesses used to take in the stories told them during "Bible class.". For a .long while the fayourite story was. that of Joseph and his brethren, and they were in the habit of asking all -their attendants and personal friends to recite-it to. them. Then tliey would discuss the points of difference in the various narra tives. Joseph's coat of many colours was manufactured by them, and the incident of the pit was .frequently aoted, until a servant suggested the impropriety of " making a game out of the Old Testament." "Perhaps Mamma might not like it, so we will not play it any more !" said the little lady who is now the Empress Frederick of Germany. 'A TRAGEDY of DRINK."—A well-known London journalist writes in the Sunday Sun in a criticism of a volume entitled '' A Tragedy of Drink" :—" Here is a very finely told story of (the great and most frequent tragedy of British life—the tragedy of drink. It is a subject of which one hears a great deal; but, unfortunately, the most of what one hears is more drivel and fanaticism. It is a subject which anybody who has been a journalist all his life must have had abundant opportunities of studying. I could draw pictures of all the splendid and beautiful spirits I have seen sink in that abyss, I could write a volume, which in its sombreness and sadness would exceed the worst pages of Zola and the darkest passages in Ibsen. I have known numberless' cases where tho smallest quantity of drink com pletely destroyed all self-control, and tho courtly gentleman of sobriety was transformed into a poor wretched bestial thing. Three or four of the most brilliant men I have ever known died while still young of this wretched poison, and died with the horrible and- oppressive sense of lost opportunities and wasted lives. Indeed, there seems to be some association often in' the human temperament between great intellectual and imaginative power and tho craving for drink. Lombroso and writers of that type would put it down to the theory that genius is a sort of madness, and that, therefore, there must be that nervous weak ness in tho gifted which leads to the love for drink. It is certain that poets throughout nearly all history have been lovers of tho wine cup, probably because it inspired their imaginations, and transferred them for a time to that world of dreams, phantasies, and illusions in which they loved to dwell. What makes the problem more difficult is that drink may mean such different things to different constitutions. There are plenty or men able not only to drink, but to drink a good deal without suffering the smallest physical or moral deterioration. I know myself many men who take champagne, for instance, every night of their lives; who follow this up by a glass or two of port, and who are able to do their work, are cheery, energetic, perfectly well and balanced beings. On the other hand, there are plenty of men who cannot touch one drop of wine without feeling in their whole system, moral and physical, a disturbance that is poignant, affrighting, and perilous. One of tho richest men in the House of Commons, a man who dwells in a palace, who has now, and has had all his life, everything that money can buy—this man, I say, told me that one drop of wine was poison to his system. And yet, as every Parliamentarian knows, there is more than one eminent public man who loves all the pleasures of tho table, is able to enjoy them, and yet to ascend steadily tho dizzy ladder of public fame." Mk. Chamberlain Plays for his Own Hand.—Mr. T. P. O'Connor writes in the Sunday Sum—"The groat cause of Mr. Cham berlain's want of hold on the affoctions of his own party is his own personality. I am told that socially he is % very agreeable man, that he even goes out of his way to please; but ho doos not win any personal adherente in tho House of Commons. outside the Birmingham contingent. There is the overwhelming, and abiding.seuse that he .is. playing for his own hand; that he thinks only of advancing his own fortunes; that he is without generosity and without compunction; that ho is what the French call arehi-personal. No man can be of this type and oxpect to get the regard of a Parliamentary assembly. It is possiblo that ho may gain the love of a soldiery, for these men look ouiy to the man who wins and whose daring and skill are required to beat tho other side; In' the Session which lias just closed Mr. Chamberlain gave two specimens of the kind of temper which accounts largely for his want of hold 011 tho hearts and imaginations of men. Mr. Courtney has been a free critic of some of the proceedings of the Government; but he has been as. loyal a member of tho Unionist Party as any man in its ranks. Besides, tho sacrifices lie has made for the cause, and the affliction which has come upon a great reader and student in the destruction, practically, of bis eyesight, ought to make Mr. Courtney a sympathetic figure to any man whether inside or outside tho same political ranks. Yet when he vontured to offer some criticism on the denunciation of tlio treaty with Germany Mr. Chamberlain replied with an arrogant asperity which produced a look of poignant pain and surprise 011 the face of Mr. Couitnoy, and which rather shocked all those who heard it. This was how Mr. Cham berlain treated a friend; his treatment of an opponent was oven moro extraordinary. Members who were present have not yet got over tho fact that loudly across the fioor of the House thoy heard Mr. Chamberlain cry out" Ass!" to Mr. Robertson as ho was speaking, and that Mr. Chamberlain followed this up by getting up and ostentatiously leaving the House while Sir. Robertson was arraigning him. Such outbursts of temper are not what one oxpects in a British politician. They aro indecencies on which no other Minister has over ventured in these later days, and they bring their Nemesis." Modern Journalism.— On August 31 Mr. J. M. Maelean, M.P., delivered hi3 Presi dential address at the annual gathering of the British Institute of Journalists, when ho con sidered what was the place of the newspaper. How, he asked, would the world in these days-go on without newspapers? Journalism hail not, during tho last sixty years, gained .so much in sheer iutclloctual strength as in the marvellous oxpansion of its activities, which wcro duo mainly to those mechanical improvements in the production of news papers which had brought them into closer, more rapid, and moie frequent touch with a reading public, which tho spread of education had made practically identical with the whole community. All that wont on in the world, all the varying moods of mankind, all thoir thoughts, passions, and desires, tlieir sayings and doings, all tho politics, the religion, the science, the sport, the finance, the art, and the literature of the age were portrayed, not merely from day to day, but from hour to hour, in not one but a thousand different mirrors, which reflected with more or less faithfulness the spirit of tho ace in which thoy lived. The Press had become all-absorbing, and dragged everybody into its not. In England journalism was both an art and a business, while in the United States _ of America art was extinguished and journalism had become a business and nothing else. In this country we seemed to be approximating to the American model, for the commercial element had become unpleasantly predomi nant of late years in English journalism. .Deep Sea Salvage—In connection with a I recent cable message published in TkcObservtr announcing the recoveryof salvage from -the steamer Skyro in.30 fathoms of water, off Cape Finis terre, the following history of the affair is interesting;^--"The Skyro sailed from Carthagena bound for London with a valuable | cargo, including.bar silver, valued at £9,000. All went well until approaching Cape Finis terre in foggy weather, when the. vessel struck , on the Mexiddo Reef, but passed over and went .down in deep . water . within tw.euty minutes, and about two miles off thp coast. An expedition went out in the.sanio year, but was unable to secure tbo treasure, and the j vessel with ber" valuable cargo remained un touched until 1895, when Mr. J. K. Moffat, of Bilbao, entered into negotiations with Lloyd's underwriters and spent some time .over the operations, which, however, had to be sus pended owing to the bad weather settiug in. Last year another determined effort was made with more powerful diving apparatus, and resulted in 59 bars being recovered. The working depth for the diver was less than 28£ fathoms {171 "ft.),And it frequently exceeded this. To obtain these bars it was found neces sary to blow away the deck With dynamite, which the diver did only after great diffi culty, owing" to the boisterous state of the weather. Work was compulsory suspended in October, but again resumed this summer, with the result above reported. Considering the wild and exposed position of the wreck, which lies about nine miles south from Cape Finisterre, the strong currants that prevail m this locality, the rough weather that had to.be contended with, the fact that the diver had to use dynamite to olearaway a great many ob stacles in order to effect an entrance into the cabin where the silver bars were stowed, and that thedeck'wascollapsed to within 18 in. of the cabin lioor on the starboard sidooftho silver, some idea of the dangerous nature of the undertaking may be realised. The diver reports that there is now no part of the wreck, fore and aft, standing higher than himself excepting the engines and main boilers, it being just a hoap of old irou. To diver Angel Erostarbe groat praise is due for his indomit able pluck in carrying out this most difficult submarine undertaking. It may be mentioned that three other divers were engaged to assist; but, .with the exception of JLazara Gotia, who sent up a number of pigs of lead, the entire salvage devolved on Erostarbe, with the fore goiug satisfactory result." Australian Colonists in PARAGUAY.— The British Consul at Villa Asuncion in a report to the homo Government states that the most successful colonists in Paraguay are the Italians, Germans, and Swiss. The English man, as a rule, is the worst, for he does not work so hard as tho other foreigners, neither can he adapt himself to his surroundings with tho same facility as an Italian or German, and he lacks their patience. In a very short time he becomes dissatisfied with his position and prospects, and then either takes to drink ing and loafing or, having wisely come to tho conclusion that he can after all do better in a British Colony, leaves the country. "The founders of tho Cosmo Colony form a notable exception to this rule," says the Consul. "These men are nearly all of them Australians, and teetotallers without exception. They were formerly members of the now defunct ' New Aus tralia' colony, but owing to differences they withdrew from their old associates, and set to work to found a new colony and to estab lish a new home for themselves. For over two years they have laboured with praise- worthy energy and extraordinary perseverance, and their efforts so far have been crowned with success. The colony is now entirely self supporting. It is able at least to produce all the food-stuffs required. The surplus of tho produce is sold, and the money used to pur chase such necessaries as salt, clothes, soap, lamp oil, medicines, and cattle. Among the various buildings which they have created is a school and a library, perhaps tho smallest library in the world, but well stocked with books and papers, in their leisure time these sturdy settlers dance and sing, or give read ings and recitations, and occasionally play cricket. The working time is 4½ days weekly of eight hours per day, and any time worked over this is credited to tho man working it. This saved-up time becomes a means of internal exchange. Cosmo is without a doubt one of the most, if not tho most, orderly and best conducted colony in Paraguay." The Military Leaders of EUROPE.—In consequence of the warlike atmosphere of Europe there has been a great deal written in every European country regarding men who may perhaps become tho leading Generals of great armies. General Sausier, Governor of Paris, although sixty-nine years old, can remain hours in tho saddle without showing signs of fatigue. General Davoust is tho youngest of all tho French Generals, and tho one on whom the mantle of Sausier will probably fall. In Germany General Schel lendorf is regarded as the leading military man. He is only fifty, while his great military rivals are men of ago. Blumenthal is eighty seven, and the King of Saxony seventy-nine. General Schouvaloff is considered the great General in Russia. But most of tho Generals who came to the front in the Russian Turkish war are all alive, and have a. prior claim to Count Schouvaloff. Field Marshal the Arch duke Albrect has for many years held the com mand of tho Austro-Hungarian army, but as he is seventy years of ago it is probable that Karl Ludwig will take the command of the army in tho event of war. In England public opinion is pretty generally divided between Wolseley, Roberts, Evelyn Wood, and Kitchener. Dogs at Klondike.—Tho great usefulness of dogs in Washington and Oregon in tran sporting supplies to tire miners has led many people making for the newly discovered Klondyke goldfields to take with them a number of these animals. That interesting weekly magazine, Live Stock Hobbies, states that, while thousands of horses for which their owners cannot get twelve shillings a head are roaming ovor the plains of Eastern Washington and Oregon, good-sized dogs are bringing from £3 to £'J eaeh in the market at Tacoma, Washington. At Juneau their value is double what it is at Tacoma, and on the Yukon River a good dog brings from £20 to £30. To the Yukon miner tho dog has bocomo what the roindesr i3 to tho Laplander. Every steamer going from Tacoma to Alaska during tho past few mouths takes dozens of dogs destined for service in front of heavily ladon sledges.. The nativo Yukon dog, of courso, is much more valuable than tho importations, although all do useful work, being harnessed as horses, and performing tasks which the stronger animal is elsewhere more acoustomed to. m Tiuc Smallest House.—What professes to be tho smallest recorded specimen of tho equine race is now, says tho Daily Chronicle, on view iu Milan. It is the property of the Marche30 Carcano, a well-known horse fancier of Lombardy, whoso four-in-hand of Shetland ponies has been the tho admira tion of his fellow-citizens for some yoars past. The creature which tho Marchese has suc ceeded in rearing is said to stand only six hands, or 24 in. high. Wo believe that tho smallest Shetlands seldom aro under eight hands. But this pony is no less remavkablo for its porfcct symmetry than for its minute proportions. Tho proprietor has a great liking for miniature horses, contending that they do more work for their size than au ordinary house, and consume much less food. His four-in-hand costs him oniy a tribe over (Id. a day. .A Prize of "£1 a Week fob Like."— In the City of London Court on Soptem -ber 4, before Mr. Assistant-Registrar Tattors holl, an action was brought by Mr. Frank £. Good way, 47, Chapel-street,. Colchester, to reooyerfroin the Bouyerie Press, Limited, 98, Temple'Chamber, E.C., as owners of the National Sporting News, thesum of £15 3s. 4d., being £11 for arrears of .£l;per week in con nection with a prize competition and £4 3s. 4d. on the defendants' dishonoured cheque sent as a prize for another competition. It appeared that the defendants advertised that they would give a prize of £1 a week for life to tho successful competitor in connection with cer tain results of cricket matches. The plaintiff won tho prize, but being uuable to get his £1 per week for the first eleven weeks he now took legal proceedings. Tho reading of the following extraordinary announcement of the plaintiff's success created great 'laughter in Court:—"£1 a week. The biggest prize in the longest reign. A National Spoi'tinii Newsreader made rich for life. And so tho great struggle is over and tho groat prize won. When the scheme was first known it had a staggering effect upon the public." It went on to relate that tho winner of tho "tremendous prize" ■ was tho plaintiff, whom tho nowspaper "heartily congratulated." The plaintiff said he had not been able to get his £1 per week. Tho defendants did not defend the action. Tho Assistant-Registrar, in giving judgment for the plaintiff for the sum claimed, said that the ' plaintiff would probably remain a little j "sceptical" for the remainder of his life' of competitions which had a "Staggering effect." (Laughter.) ... I The Producing Capacity or tuf. World.— I " It has .been estimated," says tho Locomotive . Firemen's Magazine, "that tho present pro ducing capacity of the world is such, by the aid of improved muchinery, that if operated to its full extent ton hours per day sufficient can bo produced in six mouths to supply tho world's demand for one year. This' being the condition with which tho people are con fronted it remains'for them to provide some means of greatly increasing these demands, or else so control methods of production that all who depend upon labour for means of subsis tence shall have an opportunity to secure employment. If half of tho population by working ten hours or moro a day can produce sufficient to supply the demand of the entire population, and this half insists on retaining a monopoly of employment, what is to become of the other half—tho half who are un employed? There aro but three coursos to pursue. Those who earn wages must contri bute as charity sufficient to sustain the un employed ; the employed can join with the un employed in dividing such employment so that all may work ten hours or more per day for half the number of days; or, as is now advanced by trade unionists, the remedy can be found by shortening the hours of labour, so that all tho people can find some employment all tho time. Corea and the Japanese Press.—It has often been observed (says the North China Herald) that when Corea is coin pa rati vely quiot tho Seoul correspondents of the Japanese Press aro correspondingly active in manufac turing news in order to give some raison d'etre for their existence. The latest attempt, how ever, runs couuter to tho old saw that "every lio contains a grain of truth." The startling news of cliolera and famine and plagues of locusts is absolutely without foundation, for the missionary doctors tell us that the death-rate amongst the natives has not been so low for years, and tho natives unite in saying that there is a prospect of a very good rico crop. As for locusts, none have yet bceu seen. Why European papers continue to give credence to all the startling news sent by Japanese correspondents is difficult to uudet stand, considering that they have so frequently been taken in. There are no deaths from starvation, there are no locusts, there is no cholera, and the beggars are not "forty years of age," but young boys ranging from four teen years to twenty, half a dozen or perhaps a dozen in number in Seoul and about the same in Chemulpo. Analysing a Signature.—Tho Analyst, has many dutios nowadays, and not one ui tho least importint which ho is called upon to perforin is testifying to the genuineness of signatures. In the libel action, Crick v. Thompson, hoard in Sydney, John Norton, the Editor, declared that the defendant had no interest in Truth. Witness only was rosponsiblo for the publication of the articles complained of. Tho defendant in his evidenco said he had leased tho paper some time ago, but bad disposed of it to Norton, lio never regarded himself as the proprietor or part proprietor, and had no control over the man agement. The deed under which Norton bought out the witness was signed in December last; Mr. Hamlet, Government Analyst, said he made an examination of tho deed referred to. He made tests of the signatures in the body of tho deed. Tho body was probably written several months ago. He was of opinion that tho signatures were not moro than a fortnight old. In answer to Mr. Wnilcer, Q.C., counsel for the defendant, witness said lie would be vory much surprised to hear that tho writer of the words "Andrew Archibald," one of the signatures, had been absent from the colony for five mouths. Sub sequently a verdict was given for tho defen dant. Rapid Tki.egrAmixg.—Lieutenant Squier, of the Artillery School at Fort Monroe, in America, and Professor Orel)ore, of Dart mouth, have (says the Echo) made some re markable demonstrations during the past week of the possibilities of their synchrouugraph. The Government telegraph officials gave them the use of a clear lino 8G0 miles long, making a circuit through Loudon, Leeds, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Newcastle, York, and other places, over which the Americans succeeded in trans mitting short messages at a speed equivalent to 4.000 words a minute. The messages were received with perfect clearness. Forty-four miles of the lino were underground, thus adding to the difficulties of the trial. The highest rate attained by them in America was 3,000 words per minute over an iron wire thirteen miles long. The inventors declare that the trials demonstrate tho possibility of sending Press messages between New York and Chicago at such speed that the contents of a nowspaper could be transmitted in an hour. The First German Empress.—A good story is told in Professor Max Mullcr's recol lections of tho first German Empress. During her stay in England in 1831 sho wanted to see everything and know every body worth knowing in England. It was she who went to Eton to see a cricket match played. She had heard much about it, and was most anxious to watch it. After the game had been going on for a good quarter of an hour she turned impatieutly to tho Pro vost and asked, " When are the boys going to begin?" She had evidently expected some kind of fight or skirmish. The Isle ok Man Governorship.—Tho Echo declares that Lord Henniker has not found the Isle of Man quite all lie desired. Tho Governorship suffers from want of some thing to do_. Since Sir Honry (now Lord) Loch upset its Constitution, or rather gave it one, the island lias become a settled place. Its biggest troubles are as small as itself. To a Peer of tho Realm, moreover, it is neces sarily a dull place. Socially it is not a May fair, even out of the season. So Lord Hen niker will probably bo found something under tho Crown more iu his lino or suited to his temperament. Op Interest to Marksmen. — Without question tho recent riflo matches ' in England (says the Referee J, at which, by-the-' way, Australia was so worthily represented, open up at least one important question—and not altogether a new ono—an to whether the time has not arrived for setting marksmen a more severe test than that'at present applied. The shooting at Bisley. this year was of a phenomenal character Highest possibles were almost the rule, and every known record in ] any competition has gone by the' board. The result, it is said, is due not so much to the in creased improvement of the skill of the marks man as to the superiority of the new rifle and ammunition. In tho Lee-Metford a weapon has been found, which for precision and accuracy, is as near perfection as any weapon can be, whilst the cordite ammunition is said to be as superior to tho black powder as the Lee- Metford is to the old Snider. We can quite agree with the remarks of an Eng lish contemporary' on the subject when it says:—"Shooting, indeed, has distinctly been mado easy by these means, and men who with tho old weapon could only average 'inuers' now put oil 'bulls' with monotonous frequency. Whilst this is a matter for congratulation to the country generally, it has its drawbacks to tiie controllers of Bisley; In tho tell E'cores put on this year they see a diminution of entries at tho next meeting. Past expe rience has taught them this lesson. Given a year of moderato scoring, and the entries for the following year increase. High scoring leads to a corresponding decrease. It there fore behoves the Association to take steps to make the competitions more difficult. In the diminution of tho bull this can readily he brought about. At present the bull is eight inches in diameter. A reduction to six would make a great difference in the rate of scoring, andgivo thebettcr marksman a better chance of coining to.tlio top. Whether this or an alteration in the distance of firing is made, it certainly' behoves the Association to take some action before the next meeting comes round,1' The powers that bo in Australia would do well to consider the aspect of the case so far as rifle shootir.g competitions out here are concerned. The Legend or the Boyne.— Here is tho legend of tho Boyne. Long, Jong ago there was a beautiful Queen of Leinster, whose name was Boau or Bonnie, and she was vain, as is tho way with beautiful women, and, indeed, with all women. There was a well—Trinity Well it is now called— near EJeuderry, and the Queen was very fond of coming to this well to look at tho reflection of her face in tho water. Her husband, with the wisdom of husbands, warned her to avoid the well because it was enchanted. She, with the wilfulness of wives, heeded him not. One day, as she was paying her accustomed visit, the well leaped up iuto her face. She started back. The well flowed after her. She ran away, flying through Kildare, Meat!), Louth, until sho reached the sea. But tho well flowed after her all tho way, until she was lost in its waters, and so the Boyne was ormed. A Great Memorial.— Here is a description, says an exchange, of the memorial erected by tho Rhino Province to the Emperor William 1. on the confluence of the Rhino and Mosul, at Coblonce, knowu as "Das Deutsche Eck." Rising 21 ft. above the water, a triangular landing-stage of slono comprising 5i acres has been built, with the apex, an angle of about 40°, jutting out into the streams. About 10'J yards from tho angle, with a frontage of over 50 yards, steps aseoud in terraces to tho platform which forms tho foundation of the actual monument. The equestrian statue of the Emperor rests on a massive pedestal 40 ft. high, standing out upon the steps. On the base of this pedestal, above the first flight of steps, is the inscrip tion, " Wiiiiehii dem Grossen," and under neath tho Prussian eagle in relief. The Emperor is represented in full marshal's uniform, holding the reins of his horse in the loft hand, while with the right ho grasps tho marshal's baton which rests upon his knee. On tho left-hand side is a winged angel of peace leadingthehorse. Thchoight of the statue from the solo of the horse's foot to the pbint of the Emperor's helmet is 4ii ft., while the total height of the monument above tiie landing stage is 121 ft. Mit. Balfour and Robert Burns. —Tn a recent address at Dumfries Mr. Balfour spoke eloquently of the popularity of Burns:—"Tho misfortune of popular poets has too often been that while they speak the vernacular of their country, that vernacular is so restricted in its area that the gieat literary world is incapable of appreciating what they said, except through the imperfect medium of translation. Transla tions, however admirable, never preserve the inmost life and essence of tho work of art witli which they deal. The fate of Robert Burns was better than tho fate of thoso of whom I speak, for, though lie spoke and wroto iu oar Scotch vernacular, aud while appealing, there fore, as only one writing Scotch vernacular can appeal, to the mind and feeling of Scotsmen —the great mass of tho English-speaking world does not feel towards him as a foreigner must feel towards a language he has not spoken from his youth. Rather do tlioy feol that though hero aud there may . bo words which are strange to them, the language is itself after all tho language of their owu childhood, and they can cherish Robert Burns as a poet of their own language, Another cause of Burns's popularity is that in every part of tho world you will find Scots men, that wherever you find Scotsmen you will find peoplo who are making their presence folt in the communities in which they live, and wherever you find Scotsmen you will, I am glad to say, also find people who arc by no means prepared to allow the carolcss and un thinking world to forget the glories of their native laud. Therefore it is that the fame of Burns has spread whorover Scotsmen have spread." A Royal Martinet.—The Prince of Wales, according to a contributor to the Woman at Home, is considered quite a martinet by the younger members of the Royal Family, for all his good nature. Just before the Jubilee ho espied the little Princes of Battenborg and Prince Edward of York at play in a Palace courtyard. Running past a sentinel, they omitted to return his salute. The Prince called the children back immediately, and insisted that ea6h in turn should make his salute to the soldier. A Remarkable and Greesome Relic.— In the Sienna Convent in Drogheda there is a remarkable relic. Iu 1080 a Catholic Bishop, Dr. Oliver Plunkett, was banged, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn. The head, partially burned, was rescued by some devout Catholic who witnessed the execution. It was sent to Rome, where ultimately it found its way to tho Irish College. Finally it was brought back to Ireland by Dr. MacMahon, j the Primate, and handed over to the Abbess, ! Catherine Plunkett, a relative of the Bishop and the foundress of the first branch of the Sienna Order in Ireland. This head is still in a wonderful state of preservation. The ex pression of the mouth, in which tho teeth are perfect, is almost lifelike, and is absolutely devoid of the ghastlinees of death. As a com ment on Cromwell's visitation, it may be said that Drogheda is tho most intensely Catholic town iu Ireland. Tho present popu lation consists of about 12,000, of which over 11,000 are Catholics. There are twenty-four Corporators, of which three are Protestants, a proportion which may put Belfast to the blush. The town is prosperous, and among the flourishing industries is the Boyne Weaving Company.— Westminster Budget. Romance "of the Peerage.—The Earl-of Egmont, who succeeded to the title upon the death of his cousin on September G, was born at Papanui, Canterbury, New Zealand, "on J una 4,1856. Ho was educated as a cadet on the Worcester training-ship, at Greenhithe, in theThames, but "eventually shipped before the mast. He joined the "drill class" of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade on March 25,-1881, and his "previous occupation" was entered on the records of the brigade as that of a Beaman in the merchant service, with a second mate's certificate. Ho was stated then to be married, to have passed a special educational examina tion, and to bo 5 ft. CJ in. high. On May 13, 1881, he was accepted from the drill class into tho ranks of the brigade, and commenced his servioe at tho Southwarlc head-quarters, under tho late Superintendent Hutcbings. On April 4,1882, he was removed to Kennington Fire Station in the ordinary routine; on January 30, 1883, ho returned to Southwark; on. October 16, 1S83, he proeeoded to Lower Norwood; on January 12, 1884, he was re moved to Clapham ; on July 13, 1886, he pro ceeded to Waterloo-road ; and on February G, 1887, according to the official records of tho Metropolitan Fire Brigade, ho " rosignod and left the brigade to become hallkeepcr at the new Town Hall, Chelsea." Sir Eyre Massey Shaw, the then Chief of tho Brigade, endorsed tho record :—" During tho period of the service of Augustus Arthur Percivai his conduct has been on tho whole satisfactory." Tho present Earl married in tho year he joined tho brigade, and his wife was in the employment of Spi.ers and Pond, tho well-known firm of London caterers. H.M.S. Powerful—to Visit. Australia. —The defects of the cruiser Powerful appear (says the l'all Mall Gazette\ to have been rather more serious than was at first imagined, as we are informed that she cannot bo ready to sail for her station in Chinese waters till the 'beginning of October. The experience gained with the ship during tho naval manoeuvres has convinced Captain Lambtou that her comple ment of st-jkers is not equal to the work required of them, and, in consequcnco of his representations, she will carry sixty additional engine-room ratings, which will bring up her ship's company to a total of 954, or consider ably more than any other warship, battleship, or cruiser in tho world. It has been decided to send her to China round the Capo, instead of through tho Canal, where it is more than likely that she would stick. Afterayearon the China station she is to go to Australia for a year, and will wind up lior first commission with a year in tho Mediterranean. With a vessel of her size, especially considering the objects with which she was built, tho docking question is one of the greatest importance, and wo must assume that the Admiralty have satisfied themselves that there will be no difficulty in finding the accommodation re quired. The only dock which could possibly take heron the China station is No. 1 Dock at Kowloon, and wo are of opinion that it will be found necessary to lighten her before she can bo accommodated oven there. At Sydney the new Fitzroy Graving Dock ought to be able to take her in without any difficulty, and at Malta the Hamilton Dock, at Valetta, should be able to accommodate her. A Princely Estate.—The Treasurer of South Australia has on several occasions had to thank his stars for an unlooked-for windfall in.the shape of estate duties, but the Chan cellor of the British Exchequer has recently put up the record for this sort of addition to his revenue. According to ail English exchange, lie will come in officially for a dot of about £200.000 by tho death of Mr. W. L. Winans, whoso death was recently advised by cable message, and whose personalty lias been sworn at two and a half millions sterling. This is almost enough to reconcile Sir Michael Hicka Bcach to the death duties of his predecessor in office. Mr. Winans, who came over from America and bought ostates in Great Britain, will be remembered for his boundary quarrels in the Highlands and his feuds with the Crofters. His sons have taken ground in English society, and one of them. Mr. Walter Winans, has made pistol-shooting his hobby, and so successfully that he is the champion shot with that weapon. An Interesting Discovery.—The excava tions at the recently discovered " itomer kastell," near Holzhausen, in the district of Wiesbaden, have, says the Mhcnmtm, laid open four gates with their towers. Over the north-western gate. Porta Sinistra, a magnifi cent inscription in honour of Caraealla of the | year 213 a. l). has been deciphered. Traces of a large and not less splendid inscription have been found on the most stately of the four gates, tho Porta Pretoria, but it is in too broken and fragmentary a condition to bo deciphered. Numerous silver coins of Cara ealla, Soptimius, and Alexander SoveruB have come to light, all of which are in excellent preservation; a silver ann-ring, a primitive ! leaden arm-ring, fragments of glass vessels and of the so-cailod terra sigilluta. In tho neighbourhood of the Prietoriuin was found the broken head of a genius with the mural crown. French Naval Gunnery.—The Echo de. Paris twits tho French Navy upon the bad firing of the Brennus, Marcean, and Neptune at Toulon. The warships fired 298 rounds with tho charge used in real fighting at a maximum range of 4,000 metres, the target being tho old wooden despatch vessel Petrel. The Figaro publishes an article on the same | subject, and, in conclusion, says that the I French Navy_ is not worth much, but tho I British Navy is not worth more. A Great Engineering Feat.—The cost of the Simplon Tunnel has been calculated at £2,800,000, and it will bo distributed as follows:—The Swiss Jura-Simplon Com pany will bear £2,000,000, the Swiss Government, £60,000, raised by contributions from the different Cantons. Italy will be responsible for £200,000, of which £40,000 will bo borne by the Italian Government, £80,000 by the Province of Milan, £20,000 by the province of Gonoa, and £60,000 by the Muni cipality of the city of Genoa. 