ssssSS^S-^" HE NOVEMBER raius were lato, and the earth wa? showing its naked ribs along the creek-frontages ot the tidy Crannoeh . _ cattle-run that lay <.) ® © ® ® ® © with its six hun S£8858S2S88S888§888888SSdred miles of sound cattle country snugly packed away about the head waters of the Tracy River. Donald McCunn, hard bitten pioneer of the older days, now man of substance, had been well used this many a year to see his station, by mid-November, knee-deeii in lush pas ture and glowing within its boundar daries like,an emerald. Crannoch was far enough totlie West of Queensland to. grow pasture of the fattening qualities of the Mitchell grass, or ot maize itself for the matter of that ; and yet near enough to the sea to be saved as a general thing from the full horrors of drought. Added to this, the craggy hills that flanked its Eastern end, served the old squatter as gvardian angels. They were }il» miglii.v rain- gatherers; for, when in the spring^ the thundering cloud bat talions, were marshalled in from the Westward, and in late summer wheu the ocean sent its yearly message or mercy from the East, then always the grey eld hills that sentinelled Cran noch would demand tlieir toll, and .get it in the shape 6f rain for the old Scotsman's i*un: "As green as :. the paddocks of Grannoch" came to be a local saw-for once a true one. Donald McCunn, however, not alto gether singular among his race pec : haps, was-in. spite of Mr. Clement Wraggfc's assiduous weather prophec ies-m^re of au expert in matters th« elogicsl than meteorological ; and he " gave thanks for Heaven's largess after his own bent: he was given to quoting* with a species of aggressive humility peculiarly his own, selected . JJible texts, by way-of demonstratiug to Jess favored squatters on suitable occasions, that tiieir drought-bitten .paddo.Qks , and liis^ green ones were matiiiestly : the - handiwork of thar special Providence that makes a note .of, tft? sternly pure of heart in this wicked: world,, and dispenses its mer cies . accordingly. -Consequently amongst- his easy going neighbors, Mi'. MeCumi-tk>ui*, steadfast, solvent and. sanctimonious^-was; hardly looked up on in the light of a boon companion. , Aim! now. Providence appeared to have broken faitli with the master of Cranuoch; and unmindful of the past he had turned a hard, reproving eye upon it. There was none of your Job like humility about him-as how should there be, about a man wlios;; father? in the good old days had rurr. maged the Scriptures from end to enl for congenial guiding principles in tae shape of flinty and fiery texts thai should bite the hearts and brains ot unbelieving enemies, turn and turn about with their own stout claymores ? No! Donald McCuun sat by his bare table of cypress pine, in rigliteoua bitterness against the world and t'ie elements that encompassed it, and was rersuaded that both and all hid betrayed him. The open door at hid back that framed a patch of desola tion, made up of burning eandridg-i and i;aked, glistening river gums and the doorway in front of him tii-u led to the kitchen across the footworn gangway-both gaped like tliirs~* mouths in. the blistering, stricture'! air, and not the faintest flutter of a draugh+ stirred between them. Now and then a high-hung sulky cloud, more like a wreath of smoke than of water-born moisture, would drift across the sun, and as it passed, th s iron on the roof would creep aoa shudder in the lowered temperature as i£ a flight of unholy, things drought demons, maybe-were scam pering across the metal with set claws , then the cloud would pass and the demons would make a returu charge. These mocking signs had trailel across the blazing heavens in weird procession throughout the last inonth, and yet rain seemed further off thou eVtr. McCumi's elbows were planted firm upon the table, and he held two tan ned and knotted fists planted against Ms high cheek bones ; the sweat well ed out from him, filling the sharp fur rows that patterned his forehead and rayed the corners of his stone-gcey eyes, and drew two, deep, hard lines of obstinacy at-either end of. the straight-drawn, thin-lipped mouth, A fringe of grizzled beard, and a hood of ereet and defiant hair framed the who^ stern face. A well-thumoed Bible was at his right elbow; beneath his eyes lay a map of Crannoch aud its su* rounding runs ; a crumpled cop,? of the local - newspaper was on hi.-* left. Donald McCunn wate ina black and bitler mood. A drop of dusty sweat fell with a distinct smack from the stubbly beard upon tlie map. and lighted on tlie central block of tie station tliat beighbored Crannoch on tbe East. He angrily smeared tii& offending moisture with a big rougii finger over a couple of hundred miles of country, and broke his silence, star.rg out vindictively across the kitciicr gangway. " "You might have thocht that a God fea-r-iing sober man, ud had enough to thole, dn seeing .his cattle, the prida of his life and his years, dying for the want <of nourishment, Hannah ?" A girl who lay in a cane chair l;t* toind the squatter, a woman rather, formed, as to face, body and limbti, on sta tely and yet homely lines, raised her eyes from a book upon her knees and looked somewhat indifferently at her father's back, stretching bota arms above her. She knit her large Stands behind her head and leaned it back against them without answering The squatter's eyes grew harder and he kept them accusingly on. the staring sunshine without,' "You dun not answer, Hannah! Ah! More and lii-o-ore I've obsairved of lati that your father's troubles are little ay lltile, and growing noticeably less to you.'" There was an increasing skiri to his voice, as though a grievance and a pretext of anger were entirely season able to his humor. : The large girl said, in a mother !V contralto, timed by nature to carry comfort where comfort was possib'e. and as if a minor matter had been opened up for discussion:: "The rain'll come, father for sure. And what's the fresh trouble T* "The rain-hech! And lo, a pr& phet has come /ortii!" He spoke ac ridly, then banged-tlie crumpled news paper noisily "with his open. hand. "And look how ye prove my worrd** to me. Hev ye forgotten so soon what I read to ye out o£ here a shorn hour ago ? Is there not trouble u full measure in that'?" "Eh she answered, still placidly ; "that a successor to that poor Mr. Bayuton is coming to work Muhgi ? Is it troubled you are, father, that your neighbors are coming by the'r own again ?" , Murgl was the neighboring run on the plan on which the squatter's sweatv drop lvad fallen, giving words to his wrath - "TLeii* own, their own he shout ed, still , not turning ; and he shooiC his fist at the Minding sunlight out side ; "theirs-that should be miU'»' Have I not told you, girl, this years, that morally and speeritually, befor» the Lorrd, J waa robbed Qf that block o* Ian' ?" And the dry passion of earth hirager-the bloodless lust deep as the craving for gold or- drluk -scowled beneath liia bushy black eyebrows as he spoke. The girl, stSll leaning: her head against the interwoven fingers, looked' with a broad pity not unmixed witii soinethiug of large scornfulness In her big grey eyes at her father's uipiit shirt and erect thatch of grizzled hair* and said nothing. - "Ay," he went on with gathering bitterness, "the land that I wanted complete Crannocli run was taken oj» by istealth, it was lik the worrk of .V thief in the dead of night. And didni" . tire Liorrd set the seal of his disap proval on the home at Mungi there from the day of its building ?. Did* nae the pleuro ravage his cattle ; and from the day his wife died in child birth"-the cane chair creaked as the" girl moved uneasily in it, but the old' man went on relentlessly-"from that . day was there an hour's happiness for Bayntoii when the drink laid hold t>f him till they fouiid him lying acro.sr his o\\\ n doorstep with his-;-r "Father I" She had risen, and wit standing behind him with a long sun burned hand on each of his shoulder Hc went on without heeding her. 's&c-e-h;, since yon time two an' twen * tv y^rs syne, that I hurried to the Lands "Office in Brisbane and found - he had been before me and taken up the Mungi. blocks, and since I stood * and . Na, na," he raised a. shaking hand, "I didna currse him, T)Uft I* called on God tae gie the both of us just measure according to our d2 : sairts before Hini. I did that. And He judged between us and sent blight upon that house so that not one stone -" ; .he broke off in a dry" chuckle, remembering apparently that the scriptural imagery hardly applied to a liouse "built of bloodwood slabs. His laugh was the laugh of a mau who has known vengeance and is it work to cheat himself into the belief that the taste of i( is sweet, and not like ashes in tlie mouth. Th'i girl's hands had fallen to her side. "Father," she said, as if un willingly, ';i-where is the humility that you ur^e upon other folk ?" "Humility," he roared, but still ha did not turn to face her. "You dare to, you, you---" and he closed Jiis teeth with a snap. "Hmneelity !" hp expounded with a kind of sarage mild ness, "is for them that feel the weiga* of th:? I^oi-rd's hand upon them. Ba* to them that sairve Him all ?. the* days it is permitted to'rejoice, ;vii^ they perceive that it is His pleasure to humble their enemies in the dust before tUein," ^ Apparently ihc lmmoYous aspect of this gambling-together of greed and creed oilJthe part of the old man, ra not entirely lost upon the giii, for tiie wryness* that it brought to her fage was tempered by a patient .smih». Again she held her silence. McCunn "began to fold up his map violently, waxing the bitterer for want of open opposition: "Mind me, Han nali, there's a M'ght upon that house the currse that goes wi' lllgotten goods ; it killed the wife and child and Masted the lierrd, and driv B*ayntqn to shed his ain blood upon hi? aia doorstep. An' lay this to your lieart'-he squeezed a knotted flst on the folded map-"whosoever comes to Mungi, they're strangers <to us, an' us to them, for ihe wrath of Almighty God is upon them, and we dunnut want the canker to spread among us here, that walk in the liarra ro-o-a-d.": This quaint exposition of the econ omic aspect of spiritual matters again made Hannah mix tolerance with her frown. "You hear ?" McCunn said fiercely* spinning round in "his seat at last and facing her as she stood back from and above him, with her arms folded be neath the rounded softness of her bneast. Under the steady look of her, the father wilted oddly-it was easy to see now why he had checked Ms im pulse to turn upon her before. Donald McGunn in his soul feared , the daugh ter that stood above him like a bush goddess. The sting was gone from his auger suddenly, leaving it merely futile ; and though he sought with ex tra vehemence to enforce iiis command by repeating it many times and rap ping noisily on the table with his great knuckles, one could see that it rested solely with the big girl as xo whether she heeded him or not. She said: "I hear you, father. I hear you, and Til heed you to tli© letter," she paused, "while I live beneath your roof." He brightened, almost humbly, as if he were a grateful suppliant In stead of the "hectoring parent of a moment «ago. "EJi, there now," he fawned, "the good lassie!" "You beard my words, father ?" "Ay, ay, I heard you." "While I eat your bread " "Ay, ay," he said Mankly; he - fin gered senilely at his lean jaws, look ing up furtively, and it was plain to sce that strife was going oni within liim between tenderness and wrath. A hand" 'he had raised towards * her paused midway. The contest in Mc Cunn ended in. a compromise ; he with drew the hand and scratched the stub ble on his ctteek taspingly with a fore finger. "Mel)be you'll see to the den ner, Hannah," he said. , **" Hannah went out to the kitchen showing in her walk the strength of a savage and .the free grace of glowing health, and the dignity of one of nat ure's appointed queens. The old squat, ter, struc-k with a "rare fit of abstrac tion, watched the girl go out, and sat looking long at the empty -doorway , liis straight lips fell apant and the graven lines'about Ms mouth took cn a kindlisr set as thougit the spring that braced his jaws togstii&r; had been suddenly eased. But he soon came to himself with a start, said "Hoots,"' and shut his moutih as if the spring had been restored to its office, and scowling -about him, uttering a deep i«;^g drawn H-m-h-m !" rose 10 Ills feet and made to hurry from the room. But he stopped before the cane chair, where the cushion still carried the faint mould of Hannah's body, and -her book lay open, and fa*?s downwards. He stooped to peer sus piciously at the title, and looking up to ?he iron roof and shaking both ftajiifa above lils ji^ad like a prophet of woe, lie repeated it in a half whisper, " 'Their Fathers' Sins.' " II. "I'll foe home by dark, Daddymy." It was seldom the old pet name that as a baby she had given her father rose to Hannah's lips ; but when it did, she7 spoke it like all her words, uns'tud iedly. MeCuiiii watched her as she touched the horse with her heel and ambled away from the verandah, she and her beloved _grey, from her broad forehead to his dainty hoofs, a , single-minded pair in wholesome l-tlienes3. The old squatter rubbed his grizzled mat of hair, and uttered a world of meaning,. wherein, however, a grudging pride was uppermost, in a single "Hech!", as'the girl disappear ed amongst the sandal woods leaving a trail of saffron-colored dust behinJ her. She rode with her saddle a roun-1 ten stone and a half, and stood in her stockinged feet dear 5ft 7in of ripe, sweet-breathed womanhood. Hannah was the pride and the des pair of the district ; the pride, be cause she was born a horsewoman, and bred a pattern housewife, and be cause the look of her face and the -sound of her voice were like shade and cool streams in a thirst-ridden land ; the despair, because she seem ed to those who sought her. love as unapproachable as if they had hoped by reaching out a hand to touch the horizon. And yet it was not that she was remote from common things, for everyone that knew her claimed her as a comrade, "and utterly regard less of age or sex she flew to those in trouble. She never retaliated upon a slight, for none was ever offered her ; her silence was a reproach, and the look in her eyes a reproof that killed discourtesy before its utter ance : at sight of her. the meaner passions slunk away and hid them selves. She was of the womea Who stand in mortal stature shoulder high above the -walls : of caste ; the burden of woman's purity that is so hot and heavy a load .some times, is carried *bv such as McCuhn as lightly as the warm health in their limbs and the crown of ^iair upon their heads. The yellow sun cast a lengthening shadow before her that stretched and shrunk grotesquely on the dusty track as the grey went at a free can ter to the eastward. The warm air singing in her ears, the free move ment. a.nd the wide earth about her conspired together to set her in tune with her conditions, and to reduce the memory of her father's bitterness to . the dimensions Of the lesser things that must be borne, and might be cured, with patience. Before the grey had put a mile of road 1>etween her and the Grannoch homestead, Hannah was singing; to herself in large, sweet chest tones an impromptu melody set to the rhythm of the horse's ihoof-foeats, It was her way-unknown to anyone, since she herself was unaware of it, and only sang to solitude-to set to music in her throat the things unut terable en her tongue. Speech was denied her on any but tangible things; though a wandering man of "letters who iliad drifted through Crannocli once, vowed there was more poetry, if less verse, in her remarks about a batch of yeast bread or the milkers' calves, than lay Taound in books be neath the roof of the-British Museum; this man. was very sick, however, and in search of peace from tlie cough that racked Mm day and night. He found his peace soon after, on a wes tern cattle run, beneath six feet of. black soil. These mellow improvisa tions .of Hannah's fitted, as air fits the body, the something finer than the shadow of a thought was ia her as she sang them. It -was her way to breathe them out at odd mo ments! ; It might be of a winter's liight wheli the woeful try of it wild dog broke up- into the unfathomable stillness, or when from the milking yard of a morning she watched the - last of the etars fade into the blue and the highest tree- top kindle into tawny gold as it spied the sun ; or maybe in the splendor of the evening, when she was alone in the house, as she shaded her eyes with a hand and looked along the track that came winding out of the east, up from the sea, for a horseman, a stranger. Thus she rode, now suiting the idle motions that rose in her now and again to her murmured cadences. She was in the middle of a dirge-like strain of lament for the drought stricken earth about her, and of pity for the wasting herds upon it, when the track she rode upoli round ed out of a clump of timber, and the ruined paddock fence and fireless, gaping, lost-looking 'homestead of Mungi lay before her. She drew rein and stopped her singing ; the grey stood dead still, and made a shudder ing found in his nostrils. "There's a blight upon the place," the words of her father rose to mind, and suddenly fear knocked at the girl's heart, for surely, the place looked bleak and striken with its jagged fences, its house-door sagging on parted fringes, its broken roof tree and its dark window openings staring like dead eyes out of-'the bleached walls. The grey begaji to lift his feet in quick time as if the earth burned him and made to swerve away and gallop a mile of earth between himself and the unholy gi-ound.of Mungi. But the eyes of the girl clung to the forsaken (house, and she held the horse's head towards it. She knew as little why she stayed as what had brought her there alone : but she made the horse face it as though in compelling him she thus conquered her own unworthy fear that had spread to him. As she sat, the lower half of the open doorway was hidden from her by a "bush, and driven by some im pulse of curious dread, she worked the unwilling horse along the outside of the broken fence. The grey plunged and tore fiercely at the bit, and as the impeding bush slid away, he flung himself round in defiance of Hannah's strong hands upon the bridle and stood, facing from the house, shaking iu every nerve, and with the sweat oozing out and staining his white should e-*. For one moment Hannah was helpless, and the heart stood still in her body; for. as the horse swung about, she had seen from the comerof an eye that the doorway was riot empty ; there was Something on the thres hold, and at that instant, too, the sound of a voice had reached her ears ; it came from among the desert ed walls. _ The cry was repeated, and the horse made to bolt from it, but Han nah held him now, for at the repeti tion of the sound,; the woman ia her had risen up, stronger than fear, to answer to it ; it was the voice of a creature in distress. She jumped to the groundj pulled the horse about, and hitched the bridle over a post in the fence. She knew her grey from foalhood, and was aware that, though twenty thousand red hot steam rollers : should thunder past him, he was too much of a gentleman to run back and break his bridle. Then she rub bed his nose for his comfort and her own, and. stepped through a gap in the fence, and went steadily up to the house. The body of. a man was on the threshold of Mungi, and once, just once, the girl's knees gave beneath her. wfceiii; as. nearer, .gjie saw about s the tnroai splotches of crimson. The body lay with the head inside the .door, one je«r ^vas stretched out and the other undrawn ; it was thus, she that twenty years ago poor Baynton s corpse had been found; Andwell she knew, it . was just such a Thing as this, lying just there,: and just so, that on many a night in her childhood and since,' had anade horror in her dreams. But nevertheless the big hearted Hannah, though for an in stant the tree-top swam- before her, went on unfalteringly. _ r < It was the body of a young man who was quietly sleeping that fey in the doorway of Mungi. The red about. his neck was owing to the color that was stamped upon an enor mous new cotton handkerchief that lay loosely across his throat. Hannah lifted it gently, and letting it 'hang from her fingers she looked down at the unconscious figure, tliat half covered as it lay a faint, black, rag ged stain upon the "boards beneath it. It was believed in the neighbor hood with the devoutness of credul ity that is lavished only upon the things that are not, that on certain nights between moonrise and morning, the uneasy spirit . of Bayntan was to be seen drawing water from the creek and toiling in a cold, ineffectual fury, to wipe out that dim stain. Hannah remembered at once -the res ;less ghost and the wailing cry that had come to her from this sleeper on the blood stained floor, and reached cut trembl ing fingers to wake him . As she stooped, the sleeper's -head l-olled, and again that curious sound came from between his lips. Hearing it thus at close quarters, the girl with drew her hand and sitting down very softly beside the sleeping man she de voted hefcself to keeping off the flies from his arms and: face wit J* the gi gantic cotton handkerchief, while now and then deep, noiseless f laughter welled up in her throat. It was a long-drawn "Damn," with a falling, mild inflection to it, which entirely robbed it of all of fensiveness to the girl's ears, that had been uttered by the sleeper, and.-had moved Hannah, to sit down beside him with (her fears for the hideous distur bance of his slumbers suddenly with drawn. He was clean shaven, and - short haired, and his long, lean, shapely body .and limbs were hidden in a bulgy, «n wrinkled, broad-checked flannel shirt, and milk-white mole skin trousers, fresh from the store. The clothing in its extravagant new ucss proclaimed to Hannah precisely that whi^li it was put on to' hide. She knew this for a city-bred'English man who had somehow" broken down hopelessly in his first new chum en deavor .to pass <liimself off, to himself, as the tried bush hand ; and-it. seem ed possible that from the borders of dreamland he was railing in a gentle manly way at some humiliation that had befallen him. The spasms of laughter in Han nah's throat died down, giving place to a slower, deeper movement as her eyes wandered over tlie stranger's face and neck, so very crimson where the sun had touched them, so fine and fresh looking elsewhere, and over his sinewy, long fingered hands that lay at his side, with their soft palms up permost, and showing a big -blister where the bridle had chafed the left forefinger. Having chased the flies, she sank her chin in the heart of her hand that held the stranger's hand kerchief, and with closed lips broke softly into a new unpremeditated mel ody as she looked across the deserted paddock. . . . . She turned her head presently, go thai cheek and temple were supported is iter Jiaadj to find tiie Btraoger, wjjo had not moved, looking dreamUy at b*ir face. She returned Ms look without moving, during a pause that seemed to her not measurable" by time. "Please go on,'' he said. "Go on wbere T she asked in her big chest notes, and soothingly, in the manner of a nurse to a patient, "Home ?" ^ . v. "No, no, no ; go on singing." "But I wasn't singing." <;Oh, I say, I may look like la bus?jman"-Hannah moaned slightly "but if you wern't. humming a sort of "'pot pourri'-though I hate the word-of 'Warum', Schumann's, you know, with a dash of Chopin at his dreamiest thrown in, may I-may I nerer teli the difference between major and minor any more." Hannah remembered the scorching afternoon sun, and concluded it bad 6et his mind wandering, but' she war, a born tender of the sick, and -she preserved her large calmness unstirr ed except by pity. "Perhaps you're right," she said, submissively ; she bad received the impression, neverthe less, that his remarks had been a compound of a somewhat delirious mixture in which she had detected the name of a distant township called Tarcom, a babble of foreign tongues, and a hint of cookery recipes. . He drew in iiis straightened leg, wincing and groaning slightly as he did so, and sat up, clasping his slim fingers about his knees and bringing his long, nervous, sun-branded face within a foot of her own. "Well," he said deferentially, though firmly, "I do claim to know a Utile about these things, and when I get'my piano in here"-he rolled bis bead comprehen sively backward towards the long forsaken rooms, and Hannah pitied him from her soul-"I hope you'll let me show you sthat I do." To big-hearted Hannah, that clin ched the matter. This poor soul needed lier care, and where that was needed she gave of it, putting away all thought of other tilings full meas ure. "Indeed, I will that, when the pjano comes," she said," and with a deft movement, she put her hands about his neck and knotted the won derful handkerchief round his throat. The young man looked down amaz ed at the long, cool bands at his neck, and as the girl's breath at the same time spread fresh and warm over his face, bis bands rose up as if to lay hold of hers. Before he had touched them, however, he looked in to her eyes, And as he did so* his fin gers quietly .. settled themselves out again on the floor behind him, sup porting him where he sat. ^ 'Hannah gently pressed the knotted handkerchief - into its place at his throat, and folding her fingers inher lap," she proceeded to take- pitying charge of him - "Tell me," . ^he said, "where do you come . from ?" .. . "Dundoor," lie answered, his voice flajt with wonder. . * She was sure novr that his wits "were sun-muddled ; "Dear, dear, Bhe sang, with an all-enfolding sym pathy in her eves* "from ten miles away. IaoOk there. And where s your fewag ?" "My r _ 'TTou'rc new comc out, I can. see, and rpu're on the Wallaby, I expect. WheU have you left your drum 1. throttled a shout of delighted laughter dnd .answered with deep solemnity. "It is my first season, yon are quite right there. Brit Fm not after big game. 'As for the drum, I never rose alwye fiddle and piano^in t0 executive branches of ibe art." ^ She sounded a melodious "Ah, above, her .bewilderment* at his wan derings. . But she persevered - "Come,^ she said, with a ^hade of_peremptori ness, "look at the long shadows of the timber, it's near sundown, I-hear the jackasses; Where are your blan kets i" She tried to gather her steady tyelwxjws into a frown. ^ . "I liave hOne," he said abjectly, " as for the donkeys "Maybe they're nearer*- than you think," she cut in, now firmly s^t in lier benevolent despotism, "And your tucker, and billy and tMngs ?" "For. such essentials, I have to rely for. the present upon" financially invoking the hospitality-of Dundoor caravanserais." "And where do you expect to camp to-night f "The words, *My rest ft-kog% occur red to me with pecuMar force." ''Nay," she put an arm round bis neck and patted iiim softly between the shoulders. He looked suddenly frail and tired she thought, and her eyes dimmed in response to a dewi ness in his. She caught one of his hands, and stood up. "Listen to me," she said firmly, and shook the hand with a tender decisiveness. "For ever and ever, if you like," lie said dreamily, leaning his head con tentedly against the dborpost. "Do you remember how you left Dundoor ?" "Oh, perfectly. Half the town turned out to see me off, I don't know why ; unless it was that I tried to get up on the right hand side of the horse, and failed signally." ''The horse." _ / "Yes. A thing the color of weak treacle, the bally brute." "A yellow-bay, maybe," she cor rected, gently, "and faawley, ' not bally." "Oh." - ; "And where is he now?" "Well, judging from his pace dur ing the last sight I got of him-he looked upside down, by the way-I should say he's about fifty miles off, unless somebody's stopped him." "Fifty m -? Upside down ?" she said slowly. "Of course that's only a rough statement. And - I was standing ou my head at the time, you see." "He slung you ? Where Tf \- "Slung ? Oh, ay. Bjere, at the back door. Yes. He seemed to smell something queer about this1 place ; and I got along his neck-it was rash erf me, I admit-to see what it was and to reason with hiiri if pos sible, when lie-well, fee seemed to dis solve from beneath me in the man ner of an earthquake, and I-to be quite frank, after that Inverted im pression of him, I don't seem to re member much till, till you came." She had knelt down beside him. "Dear, d-e-a-r," she murmured again, and laid a hand, on his knee. "Now, why didn't you tell me that a!t first? And are you hurt, poor lad ?" "I-a-didn't seem to want to hurry the interview. And Fin not 'hurt, only stiff. Fin sure, yes, quite cer-, tain." He dwelt upon the last words, stroking her hand. on his knee, for emphasis. ' Well, we'll see," she said, taking final charge of the situation. "Dun door's ten,' and my home's only five miles. You're coming with, me." His readiness forsook him, and he stammered something inaudible, to which she paid no heed whatever. "It's likely enough," she said, get ting up and fixing her hat and hair f<& the Journey, "that you've heard of me in Dundoor. Maybe you know my name ?" He looked elaborately puzzled. "Possibly I have." He gazed pro foundly at her, then brightened. "To be sure, it's Juno." She was coiling up a long, loose strand of hair that had come half unfastened, and had ty^o hairpins between her perfect teeifii. She-look ed flown at him and shook her head. He watched the nimble fingers in tently. "Of 430urse not? ; It's Diana." . "There," she said, triumphantly, patting the hair into its place, "I knew "you'd heard ". It. That's very near. It's Hannah." - ., "To be sure it's Hannah." : "Now, Hannah-What, ?" ^ - "Hannah-Han-n-ah T' -V . "Hannah Mc-Mc- 7' ' " " ; J: *'Gt course, Haimab < 'y ' "Hannah McPeace/* * ' '* "No.". . ? ; _ "Hannah MeLo " lie coughed. "HannaiiMcSun." "Or the next thing. Hannah Mc Cunn. You couldn't be long in Dun door without hearing of Donald Mc Cunn, of Crannocli.Now we're ready. Come along." She held ont a hand to help him to rise. He appeared to be smitten/with-a sudden weariness and pain, and neg lecting .the hand he dragged himself to his feet by clinging to the door post, groaning- a little. 'The poor body," she moaned. "Are you that sore ? (Here.'' And she "passed a. strong, soft arm al»out him. "Oh, I can bear the weight-fcf you," as he leant away from her rather, and hobbled towards the ver andah edge. "I am only stiff from lying down. I was - ah - thinking that perhaps your - your - " ' My what?" "The - owner of Crannock - might be surprised if I came - unin vited - - ". 'Is it my father? Donald Mc Cunn T* and stalwart Hannah braced L er aim against the weight that sufl-. denly descended upon it. "Ah! you'll have heard he's ?& hard -m^n. maybe. He's not that hard. And if he's the Master of Crannoch, why Fm - . I'm Hannah McCunn." And jump ing down herself, she fairly lifted the slim stranger off the high verandah and set him on the ground ^beside her. The grey woke out of a doze pid nickered to his mistressasshe came slowly towards him, supporting the young man. You'll have to ride side-saddle." she. said, with the" reins looped on the grey's neck, and holding the stirrup. "tip with you. I'll lead him." The stranger drew back alertly, con sidering how Jie had leant upon Han nah just now. "Oh no,please. And leave yon to walk?". Hatinali bad already her doubts, as to what extent, if any, his intelligence was impaired by the sun, twit as nurse and doctor she felt she was still su preme. ''Come,'" she said; "here beside me," and be came. "Put your hand on the inane, by mine, and- face the horse. That's it. Liftyour foot - No - no " she gave her deep-toosomed langh and showed her magnificent teeth /'The'other one. Now, -on 'three' - Jump." And the wounded man found himself in the saddle, clutching wildly at the horns. She settled him there and led off the dbedient grey . - 1 The twilight had fallen suddenly a bout them, still and warm, softening the hardiness of the arid eftrih and the naked stiffness of the trees': The young man! looked amazedly round and behind him as lie was led away. The empty house seemed swallowed by its over-arching , woods, and he fixed his eyes on the girtfs back as she. swung vigorously along :ihe dim road, going level withthe horse's head ~ . * *'' ' III. _ Given, a. yonng man mainly of- yeo man stocky portionless, and born by some freak of meddlesome Providence to a heritage merely of bodily sloth, commercial incapacity, and a spiritual fervour of restlessness tba£ unite to gether to raise in him a curious long* ingcalled Ariistic AmbStion, antl let tills Vadn activitypifcehhainhead fore most into a. place called liondon, wihicfi Tie discovers is for him^Mthe start of what he fatuously calls his career, Hell minus ite reputed wamtb. Vet TjJig ri^eji tUefe, 9r rotfV wWel| ever it Is, for many months In a sour fourth-floor tasting for instants the bitterness of solitude at broad noon amid the tumuliuous thro5Jblft^ of that inner chamber of the world's heart; known as Fleet Street; and, finding that the same»thoroughfare, at half past two of a November morn ing, when the fog has chilled the mar row in him. and there Is only one pol iceman in sight-is thronged with bril liant. impalpable friendly presences, his ideas. Then let him run home/and sit above blank sheets of t^j§&r;, ob livious of meal hours, till ibe dun twilight closes round Mm. And let him. while thus vaguely pursuing- hts folly, be told one day by the doctor m a dim and vast consulting room whilb the ponderous -furniture seems to waltz solemnly round and round him, that those wheezings in his chest, If left unstilled by fresh air and whole some living, mean-the doctor fore casts the consequences as gently as may be, but with unmistakable clear ness. And let the young man go diz zily out, and home, pawing blindly for support as he goes at mirage-like house-fronts and railings, and hunger ing for the unattainable in the form of sunlight clear of city smoke, and a house-free horizon, and sleep like death, with a passion of heart hunger h6sade which the physical craving or the castaway is mere satiety. And let thereupon the fiekle Providence, through Its chosen instruments of death, a letter, a lawyer, and the Bights of Property, once more take this man np by neck and heels and pifccai him half round the world along the road of his desires. Given all that, with Hannah McCunn-ample in ig norance, mute concerning spiritual things as the stars, with the depths in her unstirred-by appointment of the same inscrutable agency, to meet liim, the heir of cnrse- ridden Mungl. at the end of his journey and sing him Into wakefulness with the song of her silence; and you have, flung together from the ends of the earth, the two poles of misunderstanding. You have them too,- in a setting'most suitable for the working out of a very tragedy of misconception, putting forth in the dark, on a dusty five-mile bush track, with a murder-haunted ruin at one end of it, and a Scotchman, nursin^ his bitter wrath against the unknown stranger, at the other. _ Donald Mcqimn once more sat at his hot pine table. It was dark and late and the doors and windows ganed as ,kefore, the choking hot and the Ihdeh air thrilled maddeningly to the strident chirping of a multitude of locusts. Thoughts of the drought upoar his lands ; the rage that burned in him when he sought for spiritual comfort and for resignation ; fear7 or the big daughter that had stood be fore him a little while ago like a mild accusing angel of his quenchless hatred of the possessor of God-for saken Mungi and the aching hunger that all Hhe while was in his ears,.-lis tening for the sound of her horse's hoof-beats ; these and the like uncom fortable musings had flogged the old squatter till, he sat and clutched his head, because a fear had laid hold up on him of the things his hands might do and the words his tongue might ut ter if he set them free. He heard the steady "flupp flupp * of a horse's feet in the powdery earth, and ran out, seeming hot glad some how; that his daughter had come safe home agiain. Hannah, walking level with the horse's shoulder, with her hand upon his neck, was leading,'or being led by, the grey, and dimly to be seen -therp sat a man riding woman fashion In the woman's saddle. She stopped the horse five paces from the veran aah, wiiere McCunil stood tilted, curl ously forward with his enormous hands hanging loosely at his sides. "Who is this man ?" he said, and at the sound of his voice Hannah went, not towards him, but hearer to the stranger. forgot to ask his name-we we were talking of other things, fatiier j but he's a stranger, arid he's hurt; and I brought him here for rest and food.*' - was a fluttering in her voic? i-that was hew to DonaM McGunn, and ^he lieard it,^^ evH tMngs that had threatened liim in the dark entered i'j to full possession of Mm. "Ah," be en^rled, "then I'll #sk the gentleman iUat rides ^horsehac^ \- wjiile u\y daughter walks tcf repair f - <=( nhjti and tell me what lie's . 2 - r . ' . 7 > "'Certainly," the Granger said cold ly aud quietly. "I'll answer the re v mark ab°ut riding and walking when; .-.there are no ladies present, Mr. Mc ; Cunn. . My name is Bayntoii." " ? Hannah Mood away a step from the : horse ; McCunn laid hold of a veran- > ..dab post with both hands on a level r with his face. The man who called \- . himself Baynton looked from one to . tlie ofcbeL" as-if stupefied. -'Come away, Hannah, conle away," > McCunn said in a dry half-whisper. \ "'And you-you Baynton, accursed of God, get away from befoore my face \- lest the Lorrd make me the instru merit of his wrath towards you." _ The harsh song of the locusts filled -up the pause that fell upon the three , people, not one of whom could see la the staj-lit, sweltering dimness what \- was in the other's face. McCunn, , with 'his hands still clutching the . Post* glared ait his enemy. Although .. when, it sounded alone, the continuous* ?- ; brassy whining of .the locusts seemed _ deafening, -l"ke the sustained clashing .4 of . cymbals, yet the cringing of the ..saddle as the stranger drew him : «elf sharply up, and even the sound of the girl's hands as ; they fell limply against her skirts, « -Stood out as clearly against the uneasy buzzing of the insects as chalk marks ! a blackboard. The kind little grey . horse chainped-'Sleepily on his bit and I*repared to-doze pending the removal ' of Ms saddle. blather," said the girl, ashamed, the man's hurt, and hungry. You'll .... never refuse him-:-" '^here's neither bite nor bed bo neajth my roof for the spoilers of mv ; Ian andberrds." Mr McCunn's al sldaous study -of certain portions of : the Scriptures, added to a native aud , cultured talent for an archaic and or thodox style of abuse of his enemies rendered him, there could be no ques tion about that, a dangerous qppon entrn acrimonious debate. Unfortua ately for himself, though, at this so. preme moment, with everything in his favor- standing armed on his own bat . «e,nents, as it were, before a helpless FvTj with a twenty years' rage biting like scalding acid on his tongue \- was encountering, for the first \- time m Ms life, more ,than his match. < The stranger rose joyously to the . occasion. He took off his huge brand * new sombrero with a politeness which at that time and place had ' something tragic in it, and turning to ; ®^nnaJ1 said, very deferentially: Maylask you to retire, just a. mom v^ iftss . McCunn, while I settle a . We matter of business with your faraier, before I take any leave ?" i n<?'" slie said, sobbing or .laughing, it was hard to tell; then coming suddenly close to him, she whispered quickly up at him-"do , what you must, but Til not leave you. I m , frightened.. for you some-> how."- r, I . nodded, and dropping his \- airy manner -he ..addressed himself. * - ^e^Iy ahd cu^iiigly to the squatter. ."Donald . McCunn, I am . you^r neigh bor. r and < mine have doue you no ", iU I'm hungry,, tired and sore, and 1 , ask you for yoarliospitallty." . ' "And I," said the old man with . angry hardness, ' ref use it to ^/ou and y«urs for evermore, and I bid you get , -? oat of my -sight. Ay, and that quick , ly," lie added ferociously,, waving fiis arm in -the direction , of Mungi. , , "I'm going," said thestranger cool . ly, "presently. But I wain you"_Me \- Gmm," he said sternly, "that if you send me away hungry,: the blight: that you-you,do you hear he pointed a , . long - finger at; the* old -'.man's'; -chest . "brought down upon the house at h . Mungi shall descend upon your head ; and the/ God thatyou have-blasphem . ei against all your days shall visit you . with the-cruelty that you have meted : out to others,- and: leave Jyotr 11 the , Jast, naked and. alone.1' ; y :> Hannah, trembling and:bewildered,' 2 ; put lip jier . M^Ounii laid hold of. the post again. This assault:upon Jwith has ofrvn weapons, coming J- ? fiwifliy out of Hie heat1 and loneliness' ir7 jof'the night; and while he.iwas ,al; ?, I i®ea4y curiously wroughtupon by Ips V ^litary fe in tha dark house, ^yej^phpinled him utterly; flM breath? ; : - ing came hard and sluggishly;^ be; stared at the stranger. quietly, 4^dj IE® ;: .Jr.L. M, "Ay," McCunn*' answered:like one repeating a formula, "you are to go." . "No,-" Hannali 'said, and. caught. Bayri ton's wrist in both liands, "No, no, no." * . . Tiievolcescame out tense, clear drawn, and echoless against the thiu, distressing -tumult of tbe locusts. McCunn tightened liis grip on the. wooden post as lie; watched -her and heard iflie. break in her deep voic«v "Gome lie'ere, Hannah," he said, bat "meaiiinglessly, and Hannah did not move. .* . ' . "It strikes me, McCnnn,*' the stranger said gently, looking loww -In to Hannalrs upturned face, "that the house of OrannOck is already begin ning to fall about your ears. Just - \- thank for q. - moment-. Have you a friend in the world ? No: You had a wife as good as gold, and you set your heel upon her heart. Yon have i daughter whose shoe strings you are not lit to unloose, and she has left your home for ever, except-you re lent, to livein the house called Mun gi ; and the curses you laid upon that house are coming home to roost on your own roof-tree." : He looked up. -The verandah was empty, for early in this last deliberate discourse: of Baynton's, McCunn had' gone quietly in his stockinged feet "in-. side the house. The breath hissed be tween his shut teeth, and -Ms eyes, even ill the darkness of the liouse-: - the night, unnoticed by them all, had iplosed down gradually in deeper and deeper- blackness-shone full an»\ strangely;. "MeCunn, "who moved life a mah walking in iiis sleep, took down an' old, well-kept revolver from the wall and raised the hammernodseless ly. ^ Then; standing* wdl back in the room, he topk a steady aim at the man upon the grey' horse as he stooped above HanriaTi.' To the" eye of the tmshman in the house, trained to .th? night watching of cattle, the. group; "outside was exe4?!!;^ J-y cle&i.; McOur.n, . who on a' galloping fcorsfe : cor-iiJ kill a; scrub bul! iu a full career, saw ex ea . a rfaiut: J>ut sufficing glint, cast along the bar rel from the new-ehum's wiiite iuole : ekrns. . He -felt. . itie . fine.. set trigger a with tiip; finger of a marksman. ; As Baynton looked sin he saw noth . ing but empty darkness lit -the dooiv ?way; amd ;wliy it was that Hannah suddenly dragged Trim from the sad dle! and set trim on 43ie ground, while v^be drew herself Up to fret full height, thougto shaking in every jierre, be : Inmandtljeliouse, Either of them to this day can leU. It web before Hannah had tincere ©oaiously dragged Sainton to tfce ground that McGinm, . with his eya along the barrel of £lie revolver, -heard a sound like the falling of a grain of seedv here and there on the Iron over head ; and the .noises spread quickly till the whole roof was whispering sweetly to.the fall of a steady "rain. The old squatter heaved a bSg- breath and looked up, and then about, him curiously. He brought llie revolver -dose to his eyes and felt.it gingerly in the dark. Perceiving that the ham - mer was raised, he lowered it.care fully, and-as he hung -the weapon up again in its place, lie muttered to him self a warning, grateful, comprehen sive "Hm-Jim." Then he went out upon the verandah,- and crossing Ik stepped down and stood with arms akimbo looking up so that the rain fell upon his face.. He wheeled sud denly on the other two standing fivt paces off. "The rain," he said fervently like a man praying. "Losh. The r-r-aiu. Hannah !" he said blithely, "yer sad dle, lass!" and as TTannaih did not move, he came- over and took off the saddle and bridle from the grey liim* self. The two oithers -made room for him silently. McCunn set down the . saddle against the- house and came forward to the edge of the. verandah. "Come ben/' lie said; hospitably, "come, ban oot o' the wai." Andtlie two came slowly, with hanging heads, into shel ter. - . ' . "The two runs," MeCunn continued as though it were"a thing lie .had been insisting upon for years,* "of Crannoch ;an' Mungi joined to one another, will mak' the finest cattle station in the deestriet They will that Hannah, we might have a light,, aa' a bit -of supper for yourself and Mr. Baynton.' When the light was. brought, the two men, Jjoth of w'hqra, since the sound of the -rain had broken in ;upo«i . -their conversation, seemed as if dazed and drunken with fatigue, looked long at one another from beneatli bent eye rbrows; then moved by a .common im pulse, . they ^hook hands without a word. 1 litcCuiyi threw his open arias apart as' if making the stranger free of his house and all that was in fit, saying, " "131 to -my; "bed; my eyes are jjieavy.": He shuflied' "away, but pulled jap by the' door,r with Ms eyes upon the re-.. voltier hanging on the wall, then: moved On, shakingaiis head jstowiy be tween uplifted hands, and saying r .de ? ^oatiyfUota the ./rain, the. ;W!a!|n.w . ^<-*0 ? ?* ? .Z' - . . « \ m The Providence, 'that; haj seemed to lay the snares of miga&derslaad; 'lug', so thick' about the feet of ilio mawJUnAwoman.Xho metonthe iftrii . stained threstidia ; from such* wide-suadered worlds of Exper ience, must after a U have bR»u liiisy with oilier work, to~ofclier ends: Biyu ton .woke up from-si dreamless sleep of the kind fchbught was now here for Mm living side of "death, to fiiid himself in thick dark ness, bat at peace, stretched on the verandah "at : Crannoch homestead. Tttie rain still sang its long "hush" on the iron- sand fell in eTiattering run nels from the. grooves -upon the ground foetow; and woven among the sounds, there was a woman's voice, sipping- a lullaby. Baynton -reached up and heldran hand that lay on his temple. " ' ; - "Have t slept long. Hannali?" "Not long, I think. I" do not know." "Aiid have". you sat there all the time; awake!, and singing ?" - - *'I have been here, awake/ I think. Was. I singing?" " . "Are you sorry, * Hannah? It was sudden, and strange. And the weath er before the rain came!" She tag ged at her hand, but he drew it down to his neck. "Was I ~ too-too violent to your father?" " , . "You did right. But how dad you learn it all?" ' - "All what?" " . - "About his hariiTess, and my mother and-and me" : ^ ! "When I told you of it first, you said you weren't singing to yourself, Hannah?" J i , ; "I didn't know it." " ' "And you thought I was_ cKLzy. Come now." ? She snuggjed her hand against'his neck. - "There," he said. "It - w.as like the singing, all you told me between Mungi and here. You didn't know." "And I didn't ask your name." "But except for that, and the other unimportant detail ttiat I was the heir of Mungi, you seemed to find out all the rest about me,didn't you Hannah ?' "Ay. It's wonderful." "It is. And we'll spend the rest of our days looking for more" wonders like it, and we'll find them.." The tops of the ragged trees that crowned the ridge beyond the creek were showing black against a cool, wet greyness. ~ .r "What is <that ligJit?" Baynton . asked. "It is. the da w 11," said Hannah. .. -FINIS- - : . , ' 