"The Hunger of the Heart." CHAPTER I. By "CAREW." Author of "The Woman at Mac's," &c.; IACOMO—you say 'Jim.' Not much difference — Italian Giacomo, Eng-<*> lish jim," said the girl, looking into her companion's face. " You play cricket ball ? You like to watch ?" she asked, with the air of a guide, anxious to please. " Yes,*' answered the young man, looking straight at her beautiful face. They were on a country road, near a small railway station, and had halted op posite a cleared rpace where the local youths were playing cricket. " Nice game," continued the girl. "My brother par &•• a year, and play, too." ' Her companion smiled compassionately. He was wheeling a bicycle, and now leaned \t against a tree, in order to gaze at her uninterrupted by other thought*. How lovely her creamy throat and dainty chin, the curves of her red lips, the sweep of her long lashes. " Tour brother is very strong," lie said. He could not have explained why he thought it, but whenever he gloated over the girl's loveliness <her gentle sweetness such a contrast to the fire and passion of the traditional Italian girl), he always had a vision of her great black-browed brother. " Oh, yes ; Jim very strong, not be able to turn the machina without being strong," •he answered; then added inquiringly, " You come to see us make the macarone now ?" i '— " Let us stay and watch the cricket," he answered, his eyes still upon her face. A small pucker showed Itself in the creamy whiteness of her forehead. " I not stay. When this" (she touched the bicycle handle) " get a hole, and I think you hurt and apeak to you, you tell me you come to see the macarone next Saturday. When I see you after I get my paper at the station you say, 'Watch the orlcket ball.' The next Saturday you say, ' Show me the maiden-hair fern in the creek.' You stay and talk and never go to my home. Jim not like it" The young man flushed. " I'M come now," he said, wheeling the bicycle. from its resting-place, and slowly turning up the hill between the gum-trees. After a moment he stopped. " How pretty it is. Who would imagine it only eighteen •""'^ fror» Mp'h"«rf p?" H« l«n*»ert hvU at the purple richness of the Dandelion* Ranges, intensified by the intervening yellow of a Held of stubble. " You like Oxham ?" she asked. " Yes —or why should I have come so many Saturday* ?" he answpr^d. hi* b^ld eyes fixed UDon her. Her colour rose, but she only said : "This our gate," and led the way in. The houso was approached through an avenue of Dine-trees, planted by people who never built the mansion intended to stand at the end. There were fruit-trees, too. twenty years older than Vena Delia, enarled by the storms of forty winters, tossed by th» north winds of forty summers : there were rose* and camellias In the andent. garden, but Vena's mother loved best mingles and rtaintv annuals grown from Italian need. Slie was standing at the doorway of the wondon house: a stout, thick-set woman. w!»h a red kerchief round her dark hair, and great enld rings gleaming in her ears : her apron was gathered In her hands »s * receptacle for windfall pears. She sin Hod as the stranger raised his hat, and Vena said : "My mother not speak English." She beckoned to a bnv standing in the doorway of a shed. He came quickly, saying : " You come to see us make the maca rone ?" He was a bullet-headed boy of 14. with brilliant dark eyes, brown-skinned, rod-lipped, with the alertness of a bird. The mother stood nodding amiably as a man emerged from the shep opposite, carry ing a huge round stick, from which hung long strings of moist macaroni. Before Vena could introduce the stranger he said : " Ah. you have come this time ; it has been many Saturdays that you talk of It." And his square face and unflinching eyes gave the visitor a mental shudder. What a black-browed giant he was. " It will, be most interesting," the cyclist answered, following Into the shed. There was a wattle-and-daub chimney at one end, on the fire a cauldron of boiling water, from it a pipe conducting the water to the machine in which the paste was put. Vena's brother, with a sharp knife, cut off a piece weighing 101b., and when he turned the great screw of the machine It was easy to understand Vena's remark that it needed strength. The boy Tony, leaning in the doorway, his dusky velveteen coat almost the colour of the bark walls, said suddenly : ** What your name ?•* " Cuthbert Wylle," answered the visitor. " What you work at T" " I'm In a hank—a place where they keep money, you know." " You got plenty of money ?" asked the boy. " No, not much ; It is not my money." " You got a mother ?" " No—no one but myself." He turned as he spoke to where Vena stood. " You very lonely ?" she asked. " Very," he answered, with a great sigh. " I have no one to care for me. If I disap peared to-morrow no one would miss me." Jim took up a gleaming knife and cut the strings of macaroni to hang over a roller. " Who buy It ?" asked Wylle. " Our countrymen. None of us live with out macarone." Vena laughed. " I tell you," she said, " we sell it 50. a pound. If you buy in town, a shilling. Once a man, offended with Jim. say he not buy ■ny more ; go to the shop where we sell It, bay, ' Give me macarone,' the man put a ticket on the paper, Italy, charge him » shilling. And I jUBt take it there after Jin iuake it —I, vena." She tapped her breast with her fingers. Wylie laughed, and as she turned to leave moved after her ; but Jim called him : " You have seen the macarone ; you will not need to pome again to toe it." Then, after a slight pauee, " My sister told you about our crop of egg plants ; you want to see them ?" Then, before Wylie could reply, " Come," said the huge man, "we have 2 acres plapted." He took a garden ing book from a shelf and showed' a highly coloured illustration. " This,"' he ox« plained ; then Jed the way through the oc shard, richly scented with ripening fruit, t< a paddock above the creek. :" Not be ri « for two more months. When it get v. ry hot we water from the creek." He p>. bated to a barrel on wheels. " Horse p 11 it," he aaid. • Hard work," suggested Wylie. 'We are people used to hard work. I am just 30, but I have worked: bard for twenty years." He stopped as (hey were leaving the field. "You will not need to come here again to see what egg plants are like," he said. Wylie might have made an angry retort, but Vena rejoined them, at her side a laughing-faced, wild-haired girl, with a red sun-bonnet hanging at the back of hex head. "As the babies would not le{ me see anything the other day, I have come alone," she said, shaking hands with Jim' " You know him ?" Jim asked, Indicating Wylie. " He lent me his bicycle-wrench' to screw up the perambulator once," she said ; and Wylie answered : "We are old friends." The cloud lifted from Jim's face. " You #tay and have some coffee ?" he Bald to Wylie. They seated themselves on the grass under the greengage trees; the sun was sinking, and spread a rosy flush over all. Wylie put out hie hand to gather some clover blossom. " I thought it was red; it is really white," he said, giving It to} the new comer. " I hope it is not your way to paint things red," she answered. And she spoke with a brogue. The boy Tony came and threw himself down beside her, dropping several ruddy apples in her lap as he asked : " Where the slgnora ?" " At home with the children," she replied. " You going to open the shop ?" he asked. She laughed, and turned to Wylie. " Tony cannot understand it. The lady I live with is renting an unoccupied baker's shop, the only place we could get for the summer. Tony can't think why we don't start selling bread." Wylie listened politely, but be was look ing for Vena, when she reappeared with a tray in her hands. He sprang forward, and, taking it from her, also took her hand. Jim rose, his ominous frown back again. " Take your coffee; soon It be dark for you to ride that bicycle," he said. In the sunset glow the red-kerchiefed mother was going round the fruit tress, gathering here a pear, there a cluster of plums for the Irish girl. " Signorina," sold Jim, " you stay, Tony take you home." He beckoned to Wylie, who had to follow, a half-e«ten cake in h's hand. " You go now," he said. Then, as they passed a cowshed, he pointed to two cows—" These are all." he raid : " you need not come again to nee our cattle." At the sound of his voice some fowls, waiting for their evening meal, ran up. He went Into the shed, and emerged with a tin of grain. " Chuck-a-chuck-a-chuck," he said, and as the fowls assembled added, " You need not come again to iwe them." Wylie, wheel ing his bicycle, stamped impatiently. The huge man raised his hand. " Mr. Wylie, my father lies buried in Italy ; my sister I* my care ; you are not my friend,' you ar» ' i .' iy i-.imbcr's, or Tony's ; you shall not be my sister's. I have travelled a good deal ; I have been in many places where I saw men like you." His hand was on the latoh of the gate. He opened It, and added, " There is nothing here for you to se«." CHAPTER 11. The railway station «t Oxham did not boast a station- master, but only a " woman in charge." She lived In the gatehouse below, and before the train arrived walked up the line with the station key* in her hand. On rainy days ah* wore a mackin tosh and a sou-wester, and looked quite manly when she boarded the guard's van to sign way-bills, Ac. The Irish girl, Kate Fane, met her at the crossing the Saturday following her visit to Vena Delia. MI should like to be a station-mistress," said the girl; " it's my ambition to hold up a red lamp and call out, ' Right away, Bill,' to the engine-driver." She was standing at the booking office door when the train steamed in, and bad shaken hands with Wylie, who alighted, before Vena reached the station. " First of all," said Wylie, " where can I get something to eat ? This train leaves at such an awkward time." "Where is the bicycler* asked Kate. "Punctured, left for repairs," he an swered. " Yet you came on," she said. . " Will you believe me if I say j came to see you ?" be asked. " Faith ! More unlikely things have happened," she answered, with a laugh. " About my lunch ?" he resumed. " Don't be misled by the sign, ' Refresh ments at all hours.' because that la oar shop where we don't sell anything. If you go to the store you will be able to buy something. They won't overwhelm you, because they are canny Scotch ; but they will give you nearly your moneys worth." Vena had received her newspaper, and now stood by, trying to follow the conver sation. Kate turned to her. " I tell him to go to Grant's ; they sell everything from a dress tie to a cowbell. And the bill they give you will have ' Re gistrar of Births and Deaths' on top." " I go to Grant's to buy something ; I take you," said Vena. At the door of the first shop the Irish girl called " Good-bye," and disappeared. BOYAL DESCENT. He was alone with Vena again, spite of that terrible brother. He saw her dropping lashes, a little quiver of her red lips. " Your brother drove me away last Satur day," he said. " Yes, Jim not like you," she said elmply. " Why ?" he asked. "I not speak English well enough to say ; I might mlstait&you.;" They were walking under the gumrtrees, only the blacksmith's children to see them. He caught her hand. " You like me, Vena ?" " Jim «ay I must not.*' And *he Blipped from his touch. Behind the counter of the store, where Wylie asked for refreshment, stood a light haired woman of 30. Her cold eyes rested upon Vena with a gleam of friendliness. "Go through to the dining-room," she said. Wylle having made his request, was asked to follow. He was surprised to find himself in a large, well-furnished room. The cold-eyed woman brought him a scrupu lously clean tray, with tea and bread and cheese, then said to Vena : " Come into the other room." As he sat there thinking how to outwit Jim, there came the sounds of an organ from the next room. He sprang to the door, and gently pushed it open. Vena was at the instrument, her delicate face raised, her eyes dreamy. Above was a festoon of clematis seed ; it throbbed with the music, and set his heart throbbing, too. There was a brllllaqt glass candelabra In the ceil ing, the light trembling on It. Just as the May lilies in the garden outside the open glass door swayed Jr» the breeze, the muse kept him swaying, his heart on h'« lip". Across the room the other woman wan leaning on the back of a chair, her thin lips compressed. Wylie saw that she was * woman of strong pa«slon, one who wou'd suffer deeply in a suppressed way. Vena, slowly turning, met his eyes, and her bands fell. " Excuse me, but the music was so lovely. Wbo taught you ? Did you Vhe asked the other. She laughed bitterly. " T don't kpow one note from another. My father didn't think of that when he bourbt' the organ and the grand piano yonder." " "Who taught yoi' ?" he echoed. "Oh. I learn in Italy—the Sisters at the Convent taught me." " Vena, go on paying," said the other woman. " Your lunch will be a shilling." she said to Wylie. He banded her a coin which necessitated her going for change. He sprang to Vena's side. " Don't let her send me away; tell her I am a friend of youm." Vena's ■ face broke into dimples. " But not of, Jim'«—that Is the worst for you ; for she —she is a great"—Vent struck a chord of triumph—" she is a great friend of Jim's." CHAPTER in. Jean Grant went upstairs to her room with a mind full of uneasiness. From her window she saw the Dandenong Ranges— " the mountings." as the bush folk called them. The station lay in the valley be tween, its iron roof glittering like a pool of water. From the window Jean had watched WvMe tret into t*o Melbourne train. " I don't llfcp that man. From vhat a said, I don't think Jim likes him. Jim may be ansry with me." Avnlnst the darkening green of the gum sanitnrs in the road below she saw a red sun-bonnet. " I don't mind anything so long as the Irish girl does not get Jim," Jean told herself. "She is «o bright and empty hearted ; she can laugh with everyone. I have had father and the boys ; they were enough for nearly thirty year*, but I have been starving for love all the time." The blacksmith's children crossed from the forge opposite. The boy said to his ■Ister : " Bhe's up at the window ; we'll get more for our money if she doesn't serve us. It's all she thinks of—making money." And they passed into the store. " Yes, I have had father and the boys; but I want more. I have kept the book* and collected money, I have looked after the houre and the clothe*. Father fur nished me a drawing-room, gave me an organ and a piano that I can't play, and thinks that is all I need. Oh ! I am hungry for some one to say they care for rre. That man looks at Vena as if he could not drag his eypg away. No one will ever look at me like that. If I did not love Vena I should hate her—to play as she does, to look as she doe*. That Irish girl, too—she is so bright. I am never bright; Jim will see that." In the valley below, where a small bridge spaaas*. ta» creek, stood Vena. It was nearly* as hour since Wylle had left, yet she lingered with her thoughts. A great clear moon rose, and lighted a silver streak where the water trickled between beds of maiden- hair fern. Here she had walked with him, the first day they met ; here she was to meet him next Saturday. CHAPTER IV. The Irish girl waa crossing the creek at a spot where the banks were very steep and there was no bridge ; she wan poised on a fallen tree, when she discovered Jim 20ft. below, looking at some fishing lines in the water. " You fall !" he cried. " Oh, dear, no," she answered, still ad vancing. He saw then that she had a plate upon her bead. " I have some honey comb iere for Vena." Then, a» he ex tended his hand to help her, " No, I won't come down ; but I want to speak to you." She leaned her bright face towards him as he asceaded. "Thar man Wylle—don't trust him." The black Vrows contracted, the square chin hardened. " Why you say that ?" asked Jim. " Because he want* to deceive you. He asked me to let you think that he came to Oxham to see me." " I did think it that first day, when you ■peak to him, and I ask him to have coffee." "It is Vena. I would not let her go to the station to-day. He is afraid of you. I told him he was not an honest man, and he gave a positive start Before Jim cculd reply. Jean Grant ap peared on his land above him. " I want some more maoaroni," Bhe saidl. The Irish glrl/fen on. Jean looke?' unusually severe : with an attempt a£ stiNg"btlineßß she had put a; gentlemanly-little tie over her blouse, whlchi made her look'harder than ever. " You know Wylle ?" Jim burst out. " Yeß ; the fact Is I want to speak to you about him. You know lam very fond of Vena. lam nearly doiibje' her age ; she is young for her years, ..too. I want to say, do not let her meet Wylie, or, as he seems to have fallen in love with her, let him come to the house openly." " I will not let him come. He is a bat'1 man—the signorlna tell me so." " Do not let Vena go to the station to day," Jean said. " The signorlna will keep Vena here," Jim. answered. Jean sighed. Her effort only came after the other girl's. She remained until quite late, until thoughts of men to be paid, accounts at the store to be settled, made her turn homeward. The last tinge of sunset light had faded from the Baplings, and the firm criepness of autumn settled in the night air, when the Irish girl left. Jim did not offer to go with her ; he was busy baiting mousetraps to set in the macaroni-shed, and called "Good Night" as she passed with his sißter. ' Silly little Vena ! Her afternoon bad been a weary one. Of course the slgnortaa had not guessed that she was keeping her from the happiness *he bad longed for all the week. Left al-ae, Vena stood on the bank above the crc^k and sighed. Perhaps* he would be offended ; perhaps he would never come agatn. Why was Jim bo harsh, to Mm ? She must see him again—she must. There was no one whose gaze turned1 upon her with such love, no one in the world made her heart beat as be did. If her mother could only speak to him, could understand him, she would welcome him ; now, through Jim's harshness, he was lost to her. A branch cracked behind b*»r. " Tony !" she cried ; but in an Instant she wsb In Wylle's arms, his Uds upon her fa^e. She made an effort to release herself, but his breathless passion left her powerless. He took both her hands, leaning forward to gaze through the dusk into her eyes. " Vena, you know you love me. I have t>o time to waste ; you have kept me wait ing all day. lam going away to-night to the other side of the world ; you must corue with me." " I cannot ; there is my mother—Jim." " You love me—you know you do. I tell you I am going away, and you must come, or you will never see me again as long at* you live." " I cannot go." " You must, because you love me. We will walk to Rlngwood, catch the train ; once in Melbourne we can be married. I have to go ; you must come with me." She shook her head, yet clung to him with both hands. " Get your hat—you need nothing else :I am rich, I can buy you every thing." ' ! " " A little time—let me tell Jim ?" she begged. He disengaged himself from her clasp and turned away. " I cannot wait —I say, I cannot." Through the night came a voice—"Vena !" Then, after a pause, the same voice much nearer—" Vena !" "I go," she cried " I'll wait half-an-hour," Wylie answered. He sprang forward, drew her face to his, and kliwed her lips, saylrg, " Come with me to- night." She released herself with a sob. Ho heard her step on the long, dry grass, the rustle of a branch, the fall of an apple as she brushed a bow in passing, the scamper ing of a little dog, one of Tony's probably. Would t>he come ? He had no time to lose. He had said he would wait half-an-hour. Would she come ? He shuddered, he knew not why, and, turning, stood face to face with Jim. CHAPTER V. Paollna Delia was disturbed in mind that Saturday night. Vena had started at every sound, and Jim, when he had come in a* bed time, had been pale as a ghost, and h»d spoken In a hoar«e whisper. She had given htm a hot drink and ordered him to bed. but her attempts to win Vena's confidence had failed. The walls of the room phe and Yen" shared were hung with bright- coloure-1 r-o'io-rturc m*''ert'"<>~«ntr *e>* t»->m«i» <~ .«S" retailed the macaroni Jim made ; in one corner stood a massive sewing machine Jim had bcurht for Vena. As the night wore on and the moon rose, the girl saw object* 'n the room. Wherever she looked there wan evidence of Jim's care of her, yet now he had broken her heart. She had gone back to the spot above the creek where she had left Wylie, but it had been very dark, and though she had called his name he had not answered. She would never see him agatn. Had she meant to go with him ? She hardly knew. The thought of never seeing him punl* h*A h*»°n Intolerable, vet aroin" o" without a word was worse. She would not have done that ; yet never to see him again ! As she tossed and sighed, and the moon beams strayed farther Into the room, ther< rose the most pitiful walling of a dog. She could picture It, with Its head raised, howl- Ing to the night ; it sounded like Jim's little Tiny. Oh ! what did it mean ? Was it an evil omen ? She seised the crucifix which hung by her pillow, and pressed it to her lips. The next afternoon, when in the orchard, Jim told her Tiny has been bitten by a snake, and be had burled her out of sight. Vena laid her head on his shoulder, just as she had done when th 2 " bambino" of his boy hood. " Poor Glacomo !" she said : " you loved Tiny. No wonder you look so sad." She longed to nestle close to him and confess. Yet he had warned her against the man, the one man she could care for. She patted hi* cheek and mourned for Tiny. "When she howled so last night, I thought it meant trouble to us," she said. And Jim crossed himself. ; They were at work early in the macaroni shed. Jim turning the great screw, Tony seeing to the fire, when Jean Grant ap-, peared with a paper in her hand. \ " What you come for ?" asked Tony. " I want to speak to your brother," Bhe Answered. " Well, Jim here," said the boy. But Jim, with unusual severity, told him to go. Jim was looking very pale and haggard. Tony having gone, Jean said : " It Is about Wylie." To her surprise Jim leaned on the handle of the machine, great beads of perspira tion on his forehead. She held up the paper. " It seemß he has stolen money from the bank, and ran away." Crash went the handle upon which Jim leaned, and he «aved himself by catching at the wall. "The paper says he has taken about £300 in gold, that he was traced to Oxham on .Saturday, but not Been again. The police think that under cover of the night he walked to Ringwood, which is within the suburban radius, where he was lost in the <$rowd at the railway Btation. They think he must have left Melbourne by one of the vessels which sailed yesterday." " Signorina," said Jim, " will you tell Vena that he was not good, that he 1b , gone ?" !l Something in Jim's face to-day made ji {Team's heart beat fast ; she no longer .vi feared the Irish girl. tf| " I will tell Vena if you wish," she said She went to the orchard fence, when ■ Vena stood picking blackberries. Jim'tH anxiety was so great that he followed, andP through the screen of brambles heard Venafh say : M "■ye. Jim quite right, but it break my heart." " Oh. no," said Jean very quietly. " No. Vena, he was a bad man. You say hf asked you to run away with him. Why 1f Jim bad krown thnt —If my brother h.*-' known a man had said such a thing h1 would have killed him." " Yes. Jim quite right. Jim say he wa bad ; but it break my heart," repeated Vena. And Jim lay on the ground, and plucked at the brambles with his bare <handß, and only 'realised what he wa» doing when he saw that there was blood upon them. .; It waß six months since Veua's heart had broken, and under the blossom'"•» almond trees she walked in broad dayi'^ht with p lover's arm about her waist. She had not found it difficult to tell her lover of Wylie, because Mario was a countryman of her own, and she could talk to him without fear of being misunderstood.. Mario was one r*T .i\ ma oitstnnipr* : be bad come abou* macaroni, and seen Vena when she wap very Inne'v pnd unbamw; for Paolina Dell" had not lived to see her child's hapntneas - she had died, almost suddenly, while op » visit to Melbourne. Jim, who seeme* 1 broken by grief, waa a ha«»arard wreck o" his former self, with streaks of silver l« hiB hair. He had weDt when Mario had asked for Vena, and Tony laughed. " Jim Retting old : .Tim ought to marry • Jim ought to marry yon—"on Just right for .Tim." he wild to -Tean nra"t one day. When the boy left them Jean Bald : " I found a handkerchief marked ' Wylie' b» the creek : it looks very discoloured. T don't supDOse he bPR been here neain. d<^ you ?" Jim shook Ms head. " Come with me ; I tell you (something." They walked to the paddock. wh°re h° ha* shown Wylie the egg plants, and Jim signed to Jean to seat herself upon a fallen tree- To her amazement he flung himself upon hi« knees at her feet. " What Tony say gnU« right—l ousrht to marry. I love you. but I dare not found a. home." He buried hi* face in his hands. She waited. She had his love. th»n : the Irish plrl had gone from bis thoughts as she had gone from the olace : «he belonged to the unmrner »nd the minsbin*. and bafl flitted with them. Yet she, Jean, belonged to the winter and the rain : sbe had stayed and seen the shadow of his sorrow : but spring was at hand, his :ov° was coming. " You do not know," he said —" you do not know how dear you are. I have longed to tell you, but there fa something else to speak of. You do not know how I have longed for a little pity. I could not tell my mother, nor Vena—Vena was the cause. I-et me touch your hand before you know the truth." She laid both hands upon bl« shoulders, and looked into his eyes. " You do not know the hunger I have felt—the hunger of the heart." he went on. "I have felt it all my life," she *aid. simply. "Do not shrink from me ; perhaps never again will you speak to me; but stay while I tell you. I love you «o, I put my Vie in your hand." Jean began to tremble. She had had many things to warn her of what m'ght be coming. " Jim. I love you ; I want to belo you." she said. And she Jet Wylie's handkerchi 0' fall behind her on the grass. " Jean," he uttered the name wltb a screat sigh—it was the first time, it mi^ht be the last ; " there is blood upon m» hands, there is blood upon my soul. I killed him !" A shudder swept over her, but she said : " Not at my feet. Jim, not at my feet." He rose mechanically. " It was that Saturday n'ght : you warn"* me against him. the slaraorina warned m* against him. I heard him ask Vena to *"> away with him. Oh ! my little sister. If you bad but said ' No' ! She cried ap<l clung to him, and though she left him T thought she would go back ; I did not. know what power he might have over h»r. I sprang upon him : he atruck me : T dealt him one bow. he crashed againnt. the trees tm he fell." Jim's great voice broke In a sob ; then, after a pause. "It was dark ; I should not have found him wher» he lay, 20ft. below ; my little Tiny found him. ' I lighted matches. He had told Vena he was going to the other side of the world ; the first match I lighted I knew the truth. It was Vena I thought of—only Vena. If I had left him T would have , been safe, but Vena would have mourned 1 when he was found. If she never heard of . him she would forget. Mother of Ood ! :. she has for rot ten. I dug a deep, deeo t grave. The mints only know what I suffered under the f tars, with only Tiny to watch. When I went to lay him Id It there was something heavy about his waist. Now I know of the money he stole I think it mußt have been that gold. I packed the grave down tight ; I rolled logs over the place, and put branches over them." Jim wiped the perßpiration from his face, and Jaan sMvered. " I turned to go home ; but Tiny would not leave, Bhe Btood by the grave, howling for me to go cack. I car ried her away, she went back • then it came to me—it was the beginning, all my life to be sacrificed—all my life ; Tiny, that: I "ove, the beginning. I killed her to «ave< myself , but I am not saved—there is no» one to save me from myself." Jean rose and walked on ; over her shoulder she said hoarsely : " I am not leaving you ; I cannot keep* still, it is bo terrible." He walked level with her, but at some1 distance. " You tell Vena once your brother would have killed such a man as Wylie. You we, I never prepare, I do it all in the moment, and suffer all my life. My mother dead, Vena happy ; bo I tell you. If you say, ' Give your life for his,' I give ft." SJean sprang forward. " No, no ! I will save you somehow." Jim looked at her with great mourafu*- I ness. k " You cannot save me from myself,"' n# |* — k! chaptkp vtt S The one thought of Jean Grant's life, her * one object in living, resolved itself into how tc cave Jim. That they could marry and live on in the hope of the trot* never coming to light was unendurable to botb. Jean, with her Scotch conscientiousness, be lieved that Jim ought to make some repara tion, but he was the lover of her lifetime, and she could not urge him to perhaps death. She saw him many tiroes, and pitied him. When Jim saw the lines deep ening on her face he made up his mind. Ho met her near the railway gates, Hist ac the station-mistreßS went up to unlock the station. He was dressed for a lourney; and Jean's heart seemed to stand still. " I ko," he said. " You pray for me. I carry your love, but no one else know it. If I die, no one know that I Jove you., but J die happier. Vena say I do Or. for her sake, «o she face it for mine." The train came in. and Glacorao Delia-, went off, perhaps to die ; and Jean Grant knew that the love which bad ccme so late to her hungry heart went v/cll rlsrb to break it. ' It was on* of the most sensational trials ever held in Melbourne. The self-de nounced murderer hart triven every assist ance to tbo police. Wylio's bodv'was ex humed. The circumstance gave plcturosouo Oxham a ten days' notoriety. Jim wan ah!y defended hv a man whose reputation was made by the brilliancy of Ms sneech for the defence. The report of it occu pied three columns of tbe newsoaDers, an* not one neraon in a hundred read it dry flved. He dwelt upon the honest BimpitMtvr of the man'a life with the sister vMouk ottv Hf o of the dewd num. He dwelt "Don the evidence of Jean Grunt and K«t<» Fnre. Both had made it their business tn> ""•rn tbe prisoner against the deceas<>d 'Hie evidence of Vena Delia showed him to hpv* been a scoundrel. When the prisoner had heard him ask the girl to run away with him he had not known Vo-v gr»ot his power over her might have been. Hp had l<>arnt afterwards that his bold bad not b-ei *re-»t but what man would stay to reason at such » tine ? Hi« instinct would be to strike tbe one whom he bad already wnrnrd off fno place. The prisoner had m»d«> no treacherous attack upon an unsuspecting ""•n : *>r>th we~e niji-^p^ . »>,„ .. , whose guilty conscience put him on tbe de fensive, had struck the first blow. B"th men would have been equal, but for one e«r oumstance— the deceased was weighted wlt>» a belt of 300 stolen sovereigns ; but for thaf. fact he would probably have recovered him self when be fell, and tot have broken bin neck, as had been proved by the medlcaf evidence. Had the prisoner left the body undisturbed, be would never have been sus pected ; but the ruling passion of the man's life had been love for his sister ; to spare her he had m*de himself a criminal by con cealing the body. Now that his sister was nappy in the affection of a worthy man, the prisoner bad come forward to take tbe con sequences of his act. " But. gentlemen of tbe Jury, it was not murder. It might be misadventure. It might even be man slaughter—unpremeditated, a mere act of self-defence, a touch which sent a man weighted with 111-gotten gold over a steep bank could not be murder." Then people turrits: to a later r<u*|-Ti -» ♦'••» -~-~ r /».» breathlessly, yet with thankfulness, "A verdict of manslaughter." Jean Grant is at Oxham waiting' for Jim. She is satisfied that be will bave made amule reparation for what she considers a misfor tune. When she gave him her hand at part ing, after the trial, he said : " Seven years : it will be short after these seven months." " I will wait, Jim." she answered, and It seemed the bittern ens of her life that love should bring her this. She does not think It now. The chango of the seasons means that time is passing, the hunger of her heart will be satisfied. 