A MIRACLE 1^ SYDNEY. a'CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OP > • PEOPLE AXE VOUCHED FOE BY A :'1'’'.'J'," . .pkojiinent" member of; par v''LIAM KXT. ' 'v' ' j LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA. LONG ' COX • • Si DEED I) INCUR ABLE BY. THE •"•FfRST -■ PHYSICIANS OF THE -y' AVOKLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON . QUEUED. . ' 9 ’ A CtREAT.VICTOHY PORDB. WILLIAMS"-. ' ■ PINK PILLS. . 4 '" (From tlio “Australian Workman.’’j1 :• On; Thursday afternoon, our ropre ! sobtative made his way to the humblo 'home'of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane,- Ultimo. Ho was' -discovered • nursing a two-yoar-ohl baby, and his £■"’{ I fapo declared him; to 'begone of the ft | }Thappiest tuou in Sydnoy. ; Do was, up and about and ablo to answer the . Jknbok n't the d oor.. Although pale and bearing still tho marks of n critical illuess, and a period of pain, it was j * “ very clear that hdSvas-an invalid on the'rapid road to uouvhiesconce. , f5'„ ..'In'reply to the' preliminary ques tions, , ho said : You want to know . all about my case ? . "Woll, I am glad ,i(-.of an .opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of vnluo to those who are —swiolcen as I was.”.. .._ “ .How long were you suffering ?” “Well, twelvemonths agol got so bad that I had;to leavd'bfi work and • I have done nothing since then.' About fivo yoars ago, next Christmas, I met Cf Cwi’th auheoident; Twas'badly scalded -» »Svhilo1-taking a bath in Pitt-street,' Sydney. Since tho accident I havq been in failing health, and; after.four yoars of gradual development of the ££ 3malady,.I was forced to 'give' tip my billot at .the Glebe Island.” “ What wero the symptoms ?” “ Simply indescribable. The pains I. ,,, were something terrible. Tkoy were 'liist about us much'as P could boar. They wero for all tho world’like as if a saw wero cutting my bones-iu two in every. part of mo. I had no control '”?"over”my bowels or bladder, and was a <S? '“'nuisande to myself and everyone else; I was incessantly .shivering and shak ing, and could neither'eat : nor sleep. On tho 23rd Moreli last I saw'a well known doctor and he told me that my case was' utterly hopeless. . However, .Jhe gave me.an order to. the,Director of Charitable Institutions!” U“ Did you make use of the order j^0v -j came home and-went to bed, ■ and-have been-pretty well in bed ever ""'jTsinoe. Fiveweelte ago I could not is ^»''ftlk“a6ross'’tli© floor ; in iaot, X coulu not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a 'question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attend ing me, and did all he could, by opium and moroha pills, to ease tb.o agony I was in. I was under him'for hfiyb tor six w'ccks. 11 c came to tho "conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive,..loco motor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised hy peculiar dis turbance of gait, and difficulty in co •-'ordinating voluntary movements. Ho. told me that. I might last for ton years, 7 I - and that I might never get tho use of i"" ffiy legs. (Just then the patient kicked his logs about, with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just ns a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea convoyed by tbo advertisement describ . ing the euro effected in the case of another boilor-mnkor in hi)gland, Hid. whioh I road in the .“Australian Workman,” by hr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Palo Poopfo. I read in tho * 1' ' advertisement of a ease which scemod t to fit my own. I determined to give h-,,hthe Pink Pills a trial anyway, and ■ l;npnt for a box. Tho effect was ns ’ 'marvellous as it was magical. I was j‘ Ablo to oat and deep ns .though nothing was tho matter with me. It was tho £«1 first appetito and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imiue .rdiattily left the bed and was able to (i move about; I.havo taken four boxes ■s, 'i,,,bi,Pink Pills during j .the past four woeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the1.aid of a stick, nml am ■■ gradually, but ^“’"Siroly, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see ,those crutches there ? They are perfectly new and I have never used them. They were mndo for me before I got the Pink .. -Pills, but I, was too weak to use them, ■‘^Wid now I don’t want them. All I want,is this stick/ and I. hope soon to • do without it;. You boo I am rapidly regaining my Strength.” k-t, “‘ Ho is 100 per cent, hotter,” said Mrs. Jarvis, who had cpuio in and . taken the buby on her knees. “The Pink Pills have saved~his life, and made another man of him."' ,t A friend who failed ,in at thin point, S'^’shid; that Jiirvis' locked ten years . ,, younger that day than he did a fort night, previously. 1 : “I can now,”- continued Jarvis, “have a cold-bath;!and all the feeling . hus come back in my legs. If I koop on going the way I am, I hope to bb able to resume work as j boiler-maker, ■ and you know I have to be in the very pink of health ami strongth to work at that trade. I am bettor to-daj than ITiavo been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all• ‘4® changes and benefit to those. 1 in v Pills. They have saved my hfe. 1 am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a now man. On tlib mantlo pioco tlioro is a box of opium and morphia pills which tho doctor gave me to deaden tho oxcruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, tor I no longor need them. 'Everybody who knows mo. has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly be lieve their eyes. My being: about again has caused quite a sensatipn out -Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the. chief newspapers of this country of tjie as- j tonishiug . ■cures wrought byj Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. They euro locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease,; also tho many disorders which arise; from an impoverished state of the bloody such as anooinia, pale and shallow,com plexion, general muscular-weakness, J indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the' back, nervous headache, etc.. ' Mr. J. S. T. M’Gowon, loader of tho Labor party in the N.S.W. As sembly, was soon by our reporter in connection with the remarkable .case of Thomas ...j&pris.Mr.;,. ., MiQowen says ho has known Jarvis from: in fancy. He. also knew,that ha had jto giro,up his work', atpOlobo Island abattoirs twelve months ago, owing to a. malady which ,ho developed! He afterwards; lioaid, that, Jarvis was bed ridden, arid* 'tkat there' was' -little, chance of his recovery. Ho. under stood, Jarvis was refused admission to the S3’dney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable, j Mr. M’Gowen was, therefore,' liho everyone else who knew tho facts, astounded at the complete reco'very of Jarvis. I , Dr. Williams’ Pink ,Pills- aro ob-’ tain able from all leading ohomists, or from the Dr. Williams’- Medicine Go., Queen’s Place,. Sydney, who wilj .foB ward, (postpaid) on rbcejpt^of stamps or post .orderjl box fprf.£2st|9d.-)i or -J-. dozen for T4s."9d. 