A GERMAN WEAVING VILLAGE. An intelligent correspondent has written an account of hit visit to a little- known district of Germany, from which we take the following: — About 200 mile* from the German capital, im tbe northern part of the prorinee of Silesia, there ia a line of low hills called the Haystack Mountains. Scattered among these hills, some times in villafM and again in detached and Isolated log cabins, are to he found about 2,000 people, who are called the Hnoger- Mepschtn—• human beings who never have enough to eat. Their buaineaa is hand- loom wearing, and it has been carried on so loog en starvation wages that their bodies have riimnkaod dwindled until the anthropologist may almost classify them as a separate species of the human family. Most of these weavtra live in the tittle county of GUtz, but a few hours' ride from Bieslau, and Gold bach ii the Schandfirck or shame spot of Germany. It was a wold, rainy April morning that Bjborg and 1 climbed from Beiuers to the broad plateau on which the miserable little hamlet is situated. In about 30 minotes of stiff climbiax are reached the top, and Goldbaoh lay before os. lie low cabins were strung along both sides of ^ the roadway for nearly half a mile, and even from wUre we stood we could hear the monotonous cliok-dack of the long lineof looms. Bome little children ran into the cabins to make known our arrival. The click-clack! stopped for a moment, and ghost-like faces! peered out of the windows. Bach withered J human beings 1 had never seen before. Their eyes were suuken and dull, and the skin on their faces when not sickly, white was of a dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon us bewildoreo, and then fell back to their loo ma, and the click-clack began afresh. We wan dered on to the end of the hamlet and then back to the inn, and the ouly living creatures we saw were the children and the faces in the window. There was not a horse or dog any where in sight, and the impression the little village gave us was that of an isulated settle ment, shot off from human sympathy and even deserted by the domestic animals, . Herr 8smmek, the mayor, was a wrinkled little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his face which I bad not noticed among the other villagers. It comes, 1 fancy, from the wearying efforts to collect village taxes. He was anxious that we should have his official statement of the case. Gold baoh, he said, was the poorest place in the entire district. There are nearly a hundred weavers in the village, and they jost barely exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages far ther to the west the weavers have always had the alternative of working in the woods or at their looms as they chose, and they ere conse quently better situated. In Goldbach, however, this choice has never existed, and the villagers are now so weak and unaccustomed to out- door labour that they simply cannot undertake it All that they are capable of Is a little work in their gardens and weaving, and the com petition with machines is so great that their cloth must be sold at tVe very lowest priors. The Government in 1852 bought the land in Goldbach and resold it to ibe weavers on the instalment plan, each settler promising to pay five marks a year on his lot till the debt was cancelled. Before that time the village bad been in the hands of large land proprietors, and it was purchased from them in the hope that personal ownership of bouse end garden woold give the weaver a new impetus to work. Bad there been eoongb work for them this hope, no doubt, would bavo been realised, but band-loom weaving is so litUe in demand to-day that the lota are still unpaid for. The average «nm».l ineome oT a f amily of eight persons is not more thau 400 markf, or less than £20. This is sup posed to cover all expenses, and it is not bard to understand why there are so many mortgages. The main kinds of weaving done in Goldbach are shirtings, handkerchiefs, sheets, and ticking. A middleman, living in Reinere, furnishes the raw stuffs, and then buys tile cloth at a valua tion agreed upon beforehand. The Govern ment has also had some work done here, but as it usually wants towels for the army, and the weavers are too week to do such heavy weaving, the middleman is the main employer. If there is a flaw in the cloth returned to him it is not paid for, and a case is known where a womtn worked two weeks on some sheetings and all payment for the cloths delivered was refused because of some little mistake. The bill of fare in the village varies a little in the different cabins, but in the main it consists of rye coffee, rye ' bread, and meal. A queer mixture of dough and meal is the favourite dish for Sundays. Potatoes are »aten when cheap enough. Host' of the weavers have little gardens where tiny raise all the vegetables tht-y can, but their lots are so small that tiny have no room for Urge crops. Their potatoes give ©ot very early in the winter. Meat is sel dom seen. Herr Sammeck has it once a week, but he earns au extra ISO maiks a year for his public services, and can afford it. The others get a taste of it onoe in six months. The greater part of the weavers in Goldbach are blood kindred, and married oouples are fre quently first cousios, bot malformed children are surprisingly rare. Nearly svery.boosehold has at least four boys and girls, and op to ten yfears of age they remain in good health. I asked Herr Fatal, as he bad remarked upon the fact, how be accounted for. it He shook his head doubtfully, and at first did not teem to have any explanation to give, but ' he finally •aid, " Kt 1 the air helps a little !* When the children begin to weave, however, the life soon tells on them, and if tboy keep it up thsy grow tfcio and weak. As soon as a child can .turn the crank of the spooling machine he is enlisted into the ser vice, and has almost as many hours of toil m bis parents. At five o'clock, summer and winter, he must be up aud doing, and after the few bours at school and piny, he works on into the night with bis ciders. I asked.Herr Sam-j tnek if be did not think the older people would ; be strong if they worked out of doors a little-, on farms for example. " We have tried it," be replied, " bat we are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if the wind blows bard, wo vhiver as you do in winter, and no farmer will take us." " But could yon not gointo factories P" A look or despair came into bis face. 41 It is the same thing there," be answered. "If we ask a manufacturer for work, he says we can't do enough.* You see we lack the strength to run the lug machines, and in factories they want p» ople that can work hard. No; all that we can do is to weave." In answer to an inquiry why there is so little work, he . said that the factorue controlled the market, and it was only by working cheaper than factory hands that home weavers were able to find any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he aud, against hand loom cloth. Early ill the afternoon We started out on our round of the cabins. The first one belonged to a woman nearly 60 years of age, who had been a weaver ever since to eighth year. I had heard that die took part in the revolution. "Oh, that was a terrible time," die said, hold ing her finger against her nose In a characterise tic German way. " Wehad only grass to cat then. X rem ember my mother sending me out many a night ho cot grass and dandelions for the evening soap. I wasn't in the revolution myself, but my lover was. He never came back——" And the poor old soul began feeling 1 around in the threads of theloom. ••Oh.yes; it's J muel better now," die continued.' " We have bread every day, and yon can't starve on that, I can yon V* We called next on Hot Pabl, as he had asked as to take his picture. We found him wilting for as on his doorstep, aod at we entered the cahb he indeed up a KHWyed skeleton-loobing baby, saying, "Gentlemen, this ia my eleventh.*' We sew bat six children, and asked where the rest were. *' In the grave yard," be returned, and 1 fended that I saw a look of thankfulness on his face. "I don't -want charity,** he i*rptitnvdt 44 bat I do think they might give me work. If 1 had esougb to do I would feed my children on bread at least, but now I oan't earn over three marks a week. That's the reason the other children died. They weren't sick—no one gets sick here—they just got thinner and thinner and withered away.*' At all of the other cabins we heard practically the same story. The looms were always click ing, and the children were either spooling or peeling potatoes. 