Reviews. A Woman of Forty, By Esjie Sti/aih', author of Joan Vellacot, Kcstell of Greyslone, etc.. London: Methuen and Co, Methuen's Colonial Library. The Lady's Walk, By Mrs. Oliphaht, author of The Ways of Life, The Two Marys, The Unjust Steward, etc. London: Mothuen and Co. Methuen's Colonial Library. Wo have received these two books from tho publishers through Messrs. George Robertson, and Co., Melbourne and Sydney, and Mr. W. G, Lipscomb, West Maitland. Miss Esmd Stuart calls tor novol, A Woman of Forty, a monograph. We presume sho moans to designate it a study of a woman. That in fact is what the book is. Its purpose is to narrate a crowning episode in the life of Magdalen Cuthbert, at the datb of the story uiLuy yours oij aga, uumarriea, peauuiui, graceful, «. queenly woman, but cynical, Bad, a doubter as to religion, a denier of God, and ono who revenges upon mankind aB far an sho may tho perlidy to her of one man. This lady is the central figure of a clever tale, though for ourselves we cannot say that in herself she charms. But that is beeauue tho author mercilessly sets tho character in ..a full and somewhat odious light, so that we do not sympathise with the woman on whom sorrow has set its seal so ivinnn na iwft nnndnmn Tim» mnrln e\f nir/inninr. herself. Tho denoument of the tale does in deed alter our estimate of Magdalen, but that denoument we may not here indicate. An outline of the narrative is readily framed. In her young womanhood Magdalen Cuth bert has boon betrothed to Percy Chester. Her afiiancod, truly loving her, is bewitched by a pretty faced married doll with whom he elopes to New Zealand, and Magdalen re signs herself to lifelong sorrow and spinstor hood, though she allows men to woo her only to deny thoir suit when pressed to a conclusion, Briee Leslie, a manly young New Zea land colonist, in England for a visit to his family, makes the acquaintance of Magdalen through the medium of a cousin. Ho has been the iriena or Uhestor, ana m brought by dint of that fact into somewhat close intimacy with Magdalen, who sometimes by her unwomanliness repels him and anon by hor beauty entices him. Leslie is engaged to Grieolda Foy, a No w Zealand lady as innocent as sho iB beautful and loving, but the engage ment has not boon mado public for family roasoHB. Magdalon, drawn to Brice partly becauBO ho seems indifferent — in fact, his nature soon becomes a scene of warfare between what is violent passion for Magdalen and true though calm love for Griselda — finds that sho is being burnod by tho firo with which she has played, and a highly dramatic situa tion is concluded by the donoument already alluded to. Tho author's description of tho scenery provided for tho various acts of tho drama is admirable in its conciseness and graphic clearness, and wo aro. quite in love at any rate with one of hor characters — a dear littlo Lady Mary Milton, wife of a fashionable portrait painter, as genuinely fond of her husband as ho is of hor, a perfect entertainer, and a would be dea em machina as regards tho affairB .-*£ 1^1. -CtiiAnda Vnrtr f-lotifrliffnl niao -in flin character of Grisolda Foy, as here depicted, by way of foil we imagine to tho contra! fig ?ure, and wo have nothing but admiration and approval for tho hero, Brice Leslie, though for a timo ho wavers in his allegiance to Mb gontlo lady love. Tho book is a clovor book as we have said, and by a limited class of readers will be appreciated. The Lady's Walk is' a protty littlo imagina tive story, almost wo are inclined to say a poem in prose. Tho reader is introdnood to a charming Scottish family named Campbell, who own a delightful house in the Highlands which has boon in tho family for conturies, and also ' works' in Glasgow. The mother is dead, and hor placo is occupied by her oldost daughter Charlotte, who is regarded alike by hor older aud by hor ? youngor brothers and sisters ns thoir good angel. But tho family has anothor good angel in tho form of a ghostly fomalo ancestor resembling somewhat the living Charlotte, whoso prossneo is oom ?mnnlv mimifBHtotl in tho orloamincr bv tho sound of footsteps going and returning ovor a favourite pathway noar tho houso. It is rather an ineffective guardian angel howovor. Liko many ghosts, and liko tho Wandering Jew and tho daughter of HorodiaB in Sue's oolobratod tale, this ghost can forsseo ovil threatening its descendants, but is poworloHB to avert it. Its ability to communicate with thom is indood limited. Thoy aro warned of impending trouble by dho disappearance for a spaoo ' of tho sound of footsteps from the Lady's Walk, but tho spirit guardian oannot spoak to thom dirootly, tind in the story sho appears to a friend wringing hor hands and his hearb and spoaks a warning to him, but a catastrophe novorthaloss takoB plaoo. Tho narrativo of thoso ghostly visita tions is intorwovon with one of human trouble and trngody in such a way as fails not to fascinate, and tho story will take rauk with thto bost af tho late Mrs, Oliphaut's slighter porformanoos. A brief lovo story ' Tho 'Ship's Doctor,' completes tho contents of probably tho last now book which will boar Mrs. Oliphant's namo on tho title pago. 