[?] flieWnie of Cterfak \- — «, — . CHAPTER VI. ' At lost I meet you, Dione,' ho said, ' vjith distinct utterance ; bnt she tamed haughtily, her face white and calm. ' I do not desire to know you,' she said, with desperate quietude, and she Btill went on walking ateadily across the sunlit sward. '??'??? 'Very likely,' ha responded, to her unflattering remark, and he gave a short discordant laugh. 'I did not suppose you would be exactly charmed to see mo. I confess it has surprised me to find you at Delton. I hardly thought you would bare remained in England. It is strange I should not have heard of you before.' Dione's face was Bet and blanched, her very lips quite drained of color ; she knew that he was alluding to the past, to that March night of shrieking wind and driving sleat, when, with a guilty secret, Bhe had taken flight from Clover Vole. . She knew also that this man had an old grudge against her— that he bad fiercely resented her marriage, with his cousin, professing a love for her which, ' in her angry dislike, she had scornfully repelled. A cold foreboding made her shiver as she recalled the end of her wedded life, the confaoion and horror of that awful moment, when a demon of fary had pos sessed her soul. Was she about to be dragged back into the black misery of that timo ? Had she not- suffered enough for the evil . deei which had closed her heart to all future hope of happiness ? . Why should Martin Terril have crossed her path again. . It was ominoQb, this meeting with Roland's successor. She trembled to think of the poesibility of being betrayed into thejhands of the police— of '.being oast into prison, condemned to expiate her {crime in the most ghastly way, to endure the moBt degrading of punish ment. ' You were wise to change your name,' the master of Graystone went on grimly ; and, with a thrill of expectation stirring her blood, Hester strained her ears to listen. ' I saw you walking on the ter race yesterday morning as I passed, and heard you spoken of as ' Mrs. Clarris ' latar in the day. I did not say that I had known you under another iname— you must own that I served yon loyally in that discretion,' he added with a slow smile. Sione was trembling now. Her heart ban sunk like a weight of lead within her. This was the beginning of a new existence— one clogged with the dull conseiouBnesB of fear, She had not realised the awful danger of her position until this moment. . '' But for the entail binding the estate to male heirs, you would now be the ' mistress of Graystone,' he resumed, as she temained silent, in a sorb of dumb apathy of dread. ' It was a pity yoar child was not oboy.' ? ' . She turned, with a low cry of pain. 'I have no child,' she articulated. VI am quite alone. Why have yon Bought to disturb my peace?' she added, shuddering, and she looked at . him with a wild sort of defiance. 'I did not seek you,' he replied. ' Fate has ordained that we should again meet each other. I have always anticipated that such a moment as this would come to pass. So you are likely to become famous, I hear. If you were doomed to ill-treatment and poverty at Briar Cottage, you have made the most ; of yonr freedom— since the tragedy. She shrank back, stung, cowed by his words. This was indeed the cruel commence ment of an avenging punishment ! She knew that a spectre had sprung from ' the past— a terrible ghost that stalked in the light with accusing hideousness ?—the ghost of that crime which had put its red-hot brand upon her life. The sunbeams glittering on the stream glared luridly to her sight, aud made her head reel. The green turf beneath her feet appeared to sway, bnt as Sir Martin's deep voice pierced the dazed bewilderment of her brain, she turned to him, a blaze of scorn in her dark eyes. ? . ' Why do you not speak plainly ?' she exclaimed. ' You suspect me, and yon mean to hold me under a threat. It is yoar revenge, is it not ? You really know nothing, though, as far as I am concerned.' It wap his turn to flinch now, for, at , random, she had struck home. He gave a piercing look down into her beautiful, contemptuous face, and the sight of it roused the old feeling of rage that she should so detest him. 'Do. I not ?' ho muttered, 'Why did yon disappear that night from Clo ver Vale? Why have you since been living' under a name to whioh you have no legel right? Why do you recoil at the mere mention of Roland, if sot guilty of—' ? ' Stop ! '' she exclaimed. And he saw her face contract with an expression of mingled shame and anguish as she averted it from him. She shivered at the remembrance of that awful time. He followed her glance, silenced by the passionate force of hor manner, and saw Philip Ingelby coming from the shade of the trees towards them. (7b be Continued) 