THE CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL, BOOK III.—THE "WOMAN. (The Story as told by Mn. Carphth.) CHAPTER XXIII. MR. row.NSEND COMES TO TEA. I have not lived in the world so long as I have done and seen so much of it without realizing how small a world after all it really is, and how full it is of coincidence; but I do think that, this beats all the coincidences of which I ever heard. To think that I should have pitched on the one street in London which Air. Thomas Tennant has chosen for a residence! It seems that I have. I lay awake for an hour trying to account for his sudden appearanoe from that cab. At last I hit on something; I sat up in bed with quite a jump. '' Can it be possible that he lives in this street ?" Rest was out of the question till I had made sure. I got out of bed—it was nearer five than four—and I tiptoed my way downstairs. I routed out a directory, and I hunted up the street. Sure enough he did! There was his name as large as life—" Thomas Tennant." He lived at' No. 29. My house was blank—it had been empty at the time the directory had gone to press—but I had taken No. 39. " Well, this beats everything ! To think that I have spent all this money and come all this way to plant myself five doors from Air. Tennant!" He might be unwilling to have me for a neighbour, but I could assure him. that I was equally unwilling to have him. I did not wish the first entry on the fresh leaf which I had turned to be a reminiscence, and especially a reminiscence of that particular friend. ' I thought that was strange enough, but stranger things were yet to follow. What a queer little world this is! Recognising that it was no use addling my brains by puzzling out conundrums at that time of the morning, so soon as, by reading it over and over again in the directory, I had made quite sure that my eyes had not misled me, and that Tommy did reside five doors away, I toddled up to bed again. "There is nothing like leather," says the proverb. I Bay there is nothipg like sleep. Give me plenty of sleep and I am good for anything. As I have always been blessed with a clear conscience—if there is a vacuum where the conscience ought to be it must be clear—and what is equally to be desired, a good digestion, I have ever found sleep come my bidding. Once I have my toes well down between the sheets, my head on the pillow; and the blankets well np to my ears, I snooze. I know I did just then. And I never dreamed; none of Jack Haines's lively visions came my way. I looked at my watch when I awoke. It was past 11. I just turned over. I had a stretch. I believe that, when you wake in the morning, it does you good to have a stretch; it seems to help you to realize that there is a piece of you between your head and your heels. " What should I do?" *' I'll have some tea." I had some tea. The girl brought me the letters and the papers. There was nothing in the letters, but in the papers there were ructions.. At first I could not make out what it was all about. Directly I opened the Telegraph these were the words, in big black letters, staring me in the face—"Murder on the Brighton Line." That was my friend, the gentleman. But at "first, as I have said, the more I looked at itthe'more I couldn't make it out. A platelayer—whatever that might be in connection with a railway line—going to his work in the morning had seen the body lying among the bushes—in that clump of bushes, I took it, where it had almost fallen on top of me. That'was all right. Where I found tbe puzzle was in what directly followed. The girl had, of course, been murdered in the field, probably within a foot or two of where I had seen Town send standing. The papers, or the people who inspired the papers, seemed to think that the murder had taken place in a train, and that then the body had been thrown on to the line. What could have made them think such a thing as that? As I read on the whole thing flashed npon me; it was another coincidence. It iseemed that when the 8.40 train from Brighton had arrived at Victoria—the 8.40? Whv, that was' the train in which I had travelled with Tommy! My _ stars and bars— it was discovered that the window of one of the carriages was shivered to atoms, that the carriage was marked with blood, and that it bore signs of having been the scene of a recent struggle. Jerusalem! what was coming next? I had to put down the paper and take another drink of tea. Nothing came next except what they called a "presumption." and if ever there wasapiece of real presumption it was that same; The presumption, according to the papers, was that the railway carriage had been the scene of a hideous tragedy—of a frightful murder, of one of those recurrent crimes, which force us, from time to time, to recognise the dangers which,- in England, at any rate, are associated with railway travelling. The identity of ono of the dramatis personal—as poor, dear Daniel used to say. " I'm a-quotmg"—was unfortunately but too evident. There was the woman who had been found lying among the laurels—I wonder if they were laurels?—with her face turned towards the skies. As a matter of' fact, she had lain face downwards. It was owing to that I had not seen her face. She was a silent but an eloquent witness—that was touching. The public demanded the prompt production of at least , another of the dramatis persohtz—"still a-quoting"—of the man—it would not, perhaps, display too much rashness to hazard the prediction that it would prove to be a man—who had hurled her there. If that did not point to Tommy, I should like to know to whom it pointed. I began to wonder. "What had Tommy done when I had made my exit? Had he done nothing but twiddle his thumbs and stare? It would be characteristic of him if he had. He never did do the right thing at the right time if there was a wrong thing which could be done. The window might have been smashed by the banging of the door. I daresay there had been signs of a struggle. I could not make out about the blood: but, perhaps, in the midst of his muddle Tommy's nose had started bleeding. That was just the sort of thing his nose would do. It -was Quite conceivable to one who knew him that Tommy had toddled home without saying a word to any one about the lady who had tumbled out upon the line. If so If so, and I kept in the background, it was equally conceivable that, as a glorious climax to the muddle, because of the woman who had been found upon the line. Tommy might find himself in a very awkward fix. I had to take another drink of tea. I found what might turn out to be the top brick of the building while I was in the very act of drinking. Tommy himself might think that I was dead, I might have died. From a mere consideration of the odds point of view, I ought to have died. The miracle was that I wasn't dead. Tomn&y; knew nothing about the woman who had been thrown on top of me. He might think—he was capable of hinking anything, but in the present instance t was natural that he should think—that the ody which had been found Was mine. If he did think so? But he had seen me the night before. The fact refther supported my theories than otherwise. He had glared -at me as if I had been a ghost. The sight of me had struck him enseless. According to the cabman, he was runk. Knowing what he knew, or what he thought he knew, he might very well suppose that I was a creature born of his delirium. It appeared to me that my cue—for the resent at any rate—was to keep sitting on he fence. I might still be even with Tommy, nd that without having to move a finger of ither hand. As for my friend, the gentleman we should see. ' Oddly enough I came across Air. Reginald ownsend that very afternoon. I had been hopping—shopping was about all there was or me to do. After Strikehigh City I" found life pretty dull West. Kensington way, but then I had expected it to be dull. As I was strolling homewards, who should I see but Air. Reginald Townsend. He was a sight for srfre eyes—at least, he was a sight for mine. I like to see a man that is a man— handsome, well set up, and dressed as only the thoroughbred man knows how to dress. I am not so particular about a man's morals as about his manners, and his manners were all they ought to be. From his bearing, as he stood there in front of me, you would have thought I was the very person he had wanted to see and had expected to see. I don't believe that he had supposed that I was within a hundred miles of him. I should not have been surprised to learn that, until my actual presence recalled it to him, he had entirely forgotten my existence. He was the sort of creature one finds amusing. After poor, dear Daniel one liked to feel that one was connected with euch a picture of a man. One liked to feel that he was doing credit to one's good taste as he was walking by one's side. ( To be continued to-morrow.) 