THE LADIES’ COLUMN. ONE DAY AT A TIME. What an unspeakable comfort in the thought, if we would only stop in the midst of our worries and reflect upon it ! Only the griefs, losses, potty trials, and vexations of one day to be mot and con quered in that day 1 If the busy, over-burdened housekeeper stopped to think on Monday morning of the thousands of steps to be taken before the coining Saturday night, of the piles of garments to be washed, ironed, mended, or made, the pies and loaves to be baked, the rooms to be swept, dusted, and scrubbed, the meals to be cooked and cleared away, the dishes to be washed, the blackings of the cooking-stove and the polishings of brasses that must make up the week’s total, she would turn her face to the wall and ask to die in her bed, then and there. If the school-teacher allowed herself to calculate the number of slates and exer cises to be corrected, the copies to be set, the recitations to be heard, the childish quarrels to be settled, the refractory pupils to be reasoned with or punished, the ‘reports to be made out, she could never summon strength to walk to the school. But,'happily, the saleswoman need only nerve herself for the countless stops, tlie selfish exactions of customers, the em ployer’s frowns, one day at a time; the little type-writer has blessed intervals of rest from, the weary click-click of her Ite ming ton ; the dressmaker, the milliner, the factory girl, the workwoman of any calling need not look ahead for more than . eight or ten hours ; and if she is wise, and wants to reach a green old age, she will take no special thought or care for the morrow, unless, indeed, she happens to be on the staff of a paper or magazine, and even then she can plan her work so that uo day need be more burdensome Chan another. The old woodcutter in the ancient fable, who bade lxis sons try to break a thick; bundle of faggots, and when they failed showed them how easily the sticks could be broken one at a time, was ex ceedingly wise in his day and generation. The women who anticipate wrinkles and grey hair by being constantly apprehen sive of them, are sure to grow old before their time ; while the jolly, cheerful woman who resolutely refuses to think of them keeps her bright eyes, her rosy cheeks, her smooth brow, her unfrosted locks to the latest possible moment. The well-to-do-business man who allows Ins thoughts to dwell on the possibility of future poverty, is in dauger of missing all the comfort and happiness his money might procure for himself and others ; but the healthy- minded man who believes in one day at-a time, and one world at a time, sheds joy and mirth, charity aud kindliness, hope and help around him while‘lie lives, to say nothing of the living green in which the memory of him is kept after his death. With proper management we may sandwich comfort, rest, and pleasure with our daily tasks. But whatever we do and whatever wo may leave undone, lot not the ghost of to-morrow haunt us ! 