H&KLAtJD;'S^OOK. TO THIS EMTOU OF ' TROTH.' Sib,— Doubtless tbe Inspector-General has heard and iausrhed at Constable Bai'land and hi9 GhoEt, but' the owner of the property has to hum a different tone. Pernaps the In spector-General ha? not heard the real found ation for tlieEe mystic eh&dows; eeen by Con stable Harland. Well, juBt to enlighten the General on the matter, and also to show him how things are done below his rank, 1 pur pose telling him why llarland's brain is a bit turned from its usual smart, active, and in telligent course. It appears that a short time back one Daniel O'Connell kept a com fortable, happy, substantial home in the shape of a hotel, culled the Aurora Hotel, at the corner of Kippax and Elizabeth streets, in this fair city of (Sydney, where everything is fair— except play. On this substantial, happy home lit t-ab*iaspector Bell cest bis* eye, and made up his mind to break up, smash, and otherwise demolish the comfortable borne, of the said Daniel O'ConnelL For this purpOBe Mr BubInBpec tor Bell got Harknd to station himself on a certain Sunday in an empty house, in Cemetery -lane, within view oi the Aurora Hotel, to Watch and take note of the number of people, inmates, Lodgers, and relatives included, entering and leaving tbe hotsL Harl&ad; seeing that he was noted by hie superior officer, and placed in a responsible position (1 cannot say which of the two thought it responsible.), did his duty to per fection. He swore he saw 200 people leaving and entering the hotel in the short space of two hoars, or some such time. I am doubt* ful whether 200 people vent up and down the otreet, letting alone going into the hotel. 1 am not eaying I hey did not go in and out, but like other people, I am entitled to my doubts. However, Mr Dan. O'Connell lost his license on Harlaad'B oath. Now, Mr Edmund FojUery, this man Hur land has reported seeing a ghost in an empty houss in DavrEon- ttreet, Strawberry Hills, and on the occasion of his watching Mr O'Connell's hotel, who knows but he had seen 206 ghosts Instead of human beings going in aud out of the hotel, for no appari tion distinct from aa error of the mind, or disease of the senses, cr some recollection of ' a guilty conscience, has ever been eeen, and the public instead of paying a man to look after their interests, should certainty not pay a man to ruin their property and busi ness, and the owner of the property in Strawberry Hills thoald be compensated, and aUo Mr O'Oouneil for the loss of bis licettie. This man Harland, I am told, made an application, some time back, to be ad vanced to tbe rank of eenior-eoaBtable, .lolely on the grounds of knocking Dan O.Oonaell out. Perhaps a refusal at that time has turned his brain, and I 6hould not like to be the owner of an empty uonSe on the bs&t; where he iB doing duty, touts, eta, THffl GHOBt. 