...OUR. PARIS ' LETTER. FROM OCR CORRESPONDENT. PARIS, Ilth September. Senor Emilio Castelar has perhaps best judged the political situation. He has a life' long experience of the Continental game, and of its actors and factors. He accuses Germany and Russia, not only as the cause of the existing difficulties, but of the but too certain coming dangers, and that from dif ferent motives. Both Emperors dream of universal empire, and their peoples of course do not count. ' Turkey is the pivot for their ambitions. Germany docs not de sire the expulsion of the Turks from Europe — they are customers for her bankers and her militaircs on half pay. The Czar docs, not wish a weak Turkey, because he dreads a portion of the Sultan's heritage would fall into the lap of Britain. To the Imperial ambitions one obstacle can oppose the reali sation, an understanding by Italy and Aus tria with Britain. But these powers are tied by the triple alliance, so that an en tente is hard, and makes it as difficult for them to contract a new alliance as to honor an anterior treaty. Russia inconveniences Germany's eastern frontier, but Austria and Italy do not experience such from the Mus covite, nor have they the motive of exalted a flection for the Russians as the French en tertain—that of revenge. Austria covets Sa- loniea, the Macedonian port, which Russia also desires to possess, as making part of the Moslem heritage. Italy assumes to exercise some influence on those Danubian peoples dependent upon Russia, while she and Austria are jealous of all progress of the Czar on the Bosphorus and the Danube that reacts by diminishing their moral influence in those portions of the Mediterranean which bathe their territo ries. M. Castelar always writes with crape round his pen since France has made a pact with Russia, where all the advantages are certain to be reaped by the ally, which is the type of reaction; she no longer makes part of the regime of liberty; she has joined her destinies to those of the autocrats, whose unconcealed aim is to smash up liberal and progressive England; and the Kaiser will continue to systematically oppose England till he can organise a fleet, and coalesce with those of Russia and France, challenge the supremacy of Britain. To sack the British Empire is more than an ideal with Wil- lianUII. Matters are settling down after the fev erish upheavings consequent on the procla mation of the alliance by Czar and Presi dent. The French expected something im mediate in Europe as the sequence of that event. Nothing has arrived; nobody is scared; Scotland stands where it did. Some consider . there is nothing tangible in the treaty of alliance, but . many conclude the contrary. All the burly burly would not be indulged in to celebrate commonplaces; the treaty implies work to be done, risks to be encountered, and recompenses to be shared. But no__human foresight could ar range the execution of advance speculations. In these Chateau d'Espagne constructions the people are generally not taken into council, yet they will and must have the last word, There is not- a Continental power bu/ is honeycombed with. grave home troubles. France boasts that, in presence of a. foe, all hearts 'would beat- in unison and shoulders- remain to shoulders. Yetin 1871 Marseilles, Lyons and. Paris had -their com munes, and that "prince of journalists," the late Emile de Girardin, proposed to trans form France into an American constitu tion, the Department to represent "States." Already a party has come to the front in France, demanding that the conditions of the treaty of alliance be made known to the nation, as ever- free people has a right to have cognisance of its responsibilities and to be informed whither it is being conducted. But no divulgings will occur;' that coveted revelation rests with ,M. .Faure and the Czar. The demand will not be for the mo ment pressed, but it would be ill to know the French character if the mysterious silence would be maintained, and no ma terial proof of gain by France visible. "The Spanish fleet yoii cannot see — because 'tis not in sight;" . What then are the concrete advantages Russia intends to help France to secure — before the millennium arrives? The restoration of Alsace, the occupation of Egypt, chips from off the Chinese Em pire or grabs at out of the way territories— if such at present anywhere exists. The Kaiser and the King of Italy have' seized the autumn manoeuvres at Hamburg as a retort courteous to, the Peterhof, bil lings and cooings; in both camps the kissing business was tremendous, and recalled poli tical |ove-birds. But one gets tired even at osculatory labor. Time 'will reveal the in trigues of the new departure for maintain ing more strongly the peaee of Europe. Britain has by this pretty well gauged the situation. France, having nothing else to do in the matter of the maintenance of amicable relations, allows herAnglophobists a free fling at Britain : the play is pot worth the candle. Even Germany has discovered that co-operative abuse does not turn John Bull one inch from the career of his humor. The Kaiser has, it seems, a penitent fit, and would not be averse to pull well with England — only "Barkis is not willin' " In the Heligoland affair the German succeeded in his "confidence trick;" but the Kaiser failed in the official telegram speculation to Kruger; so, once bitten twice shy. Then Britain, having created the Prussian mon archy, saved it several times from dismem berment by her braves - and her cash, sees the investment has turned out so worthless that she at last commences to concentrate all her attention upon her own interests. The price -of the loaf is running up, and may progress like Jonah's gourd. It is a situation ever full of anxiety for statesmen. But we are still far off from a famine; we have a rehearsal of -the first act of the scare. At most, the French can never, as in the closing years of the reign of the Sun King, fall back upon eating weeds, ferns and grass. That is suitable for such a vegetarian as Nebuchadnezzar, who wars a typical grazier. Tlic quartern or two kilogramme loaf ha." advanced in price two sous; that means forcing many to become anti- smokers, and to relinquish their goutte of absinthe. The dark point : in the matter is that no .authority . can state' what -is the exact or relative shontagc-r-o or 15 per - cent. — in this season's French harvest, or, what is more important, the extent of the stocks in the granary countries capable of cmmlying the deficiency. The Cabinet does not appear frightened at the prospect, as Premier Meline has sworn by .all the cereal divinities he will not reduce the corn duties even temporarily. That will' enable home fanners to put mopey in their .purses, only the yield of wheat is small this year. The municipal council does not intend to go to sleep in the menacing crisis; it claims to he responsible for the bodies of the poor citizens, and none shall be left without a crust. Hence £24,000 has been voted to purchase food for the indi gents of the 20 arrondissements of Paris. While some philanthropists urge the Go vernment to embark in the grain trade and make flour, the municipal council will start' bakehouses. The streets, if not likely to be thatched with pancakes, may be paved with penny loaves. The Prefect of the Seine as serts the revenue of the city— a fleabite of 370,000,000 f. — cannot stand the strain on its finances as inaugurated by the municipal council; but the latter turns the adder's ear, and is ready to vote new supplies. If the Kaiser has obtained his European control for the Greek finances, England has triumphed in compelling the Turk to clear out of Thessaly. That fact will act in the Moslem world as a douche upon the fanatics, and augment the influence of Lord Salisbury in the East. The Graeco-Turkisb treaty once signed, orders . will be given for the Islamic soldiery to evacuate Crete. Then will come the storm and stress' period for Abdul Hamid — the presentation' of the suspended collective note. The. Ma hometan world will thus learn that the Sultan is being modernised by the Giaours, and that a few of them retain a milk tooth against him. The King of Siam is witliiu our walls. The French Government will not extend to him the royal attentions that. England did; they will be modelled after the recep tions ,of St. Petersburg and Berlin. As France has helped herself to one-fourth oi King Chulalongkorn's realm between 1S93 and 1S9G, she could well afford to do it very handsome for the visitor, whose greatest merits are— to have made . himself- a perfect English gentleman, in tastes, knowledge and aspirations. The king of Siam has a few thorny questions he wants to have settled with the French. He wishes them to quit Chantaboon, since he has complied with all the condi tions of the treaty of peace, and has paid the utmost farthing of the indemnity. But in Chantaboon, as in Tunisia, France is loth to depart. As an equivalent, she will indulge in homiliesaboutother countries not "moving on." France never gave back territory to any power; she left that idiocy to England, who presented the Ionian Isles to Greece. In the Bismarck Decalogue it is strictly for bidden to cede possessions; but it is not prohibited to grab all you can. At St. Petersburg it was the multi tude of churches that most struck French visitors, who did not see any special outward signs of godliness on the part of the inhabitants. There are 13 cathedrals in St. Petersburg, and others are being erec ted. Their internal decorations are full of barbaric gold, precious stones and pearls. Some of the saints appear to be positively clad in genuine jeweller-. Not much atten tion is given to the social life of Russia, and none at all to her industries or trade. The Russian journals keep harping on the pau city of commercial relations between their country and France, and ask- the latter why she allows the commerce of Rus sia to be monopolised by Germany and England. Sir Wilfrid Laurier popped the kindred question several times to the Gauls, and both the Muscovite and the Dominion of Canada pause for a reply. If France continues in this kind of splendid isolation, it requires no ghost from the grave to discount her future. And colonial affairs? There is no thing bright on the horizon; no scheme of practical colonisation pos sible, unless it he hacked up bv funds on the part of the colonists them selves or financed by the State — the latter is perfectly impossible. It has just come to light that in all marriage settlements, mort gages, &c.;, there are clauses in the deeds re- 1 striding investments, possession or loaus to Continental France. In no case must anything be risked in a French possession. So far not much can have been jeopardised, as no adventure has been recorded. A writer recently dealing with the classes in France laid It down that the spirit of adven ture has become extinct in France. He does not accept an exploration of some months as a venture. All this does not seem very brilliant for the peopling of French colonies by Euro pean French, or the development of French possessions. Yet' guarding the latter, perhaps nursing them for some other possessor that may inherit them through the fortune of war, costs France nearly 87,000,000 f. a year. People are returning to town, not quite convinced that they liavdliad an outing equal to the sums expended. However) theobjectof quitting Paris for a few mouths is not to exactly re-establish health, but to be able to boast of having migrated. -Is there any thing wrong in. the matrimonial market? The fact is, several French widowed mothers, with marriageable daughters, and possessed of some means, have left Paris to reside permanently at St. Petersburg. It is true that young men in France are becom ing less inclined to wed. Hence the societies for baby culture — not farming. 