THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIE VED. On Thursday afternoon our representative made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, jnd his face daclared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He wrb np and abc.u: and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. Ia reply to the preliminary questions, he said:—“You want to know all about my case 2 Well, lam glad of an opportunity to tell yon. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was.” “ How long were yon suffering ?” “ Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years sgo, next Christmas, I met with an acci dent; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. - Since the acci dent I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe IslF.nl." “ What were the symptoms?” “Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a bow were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my boweh or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and evrryone else. I was incessantly Bhivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March laßt I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hope less, However, lie gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions.” "Did you make use of the order?'’ "No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeke ago I oonld not walk noroßS the floor; in fact, I could Dot get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with uie, and only a question of days when I would give Up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agrny I was in. I was onder him for five or six weeks. Ha came >0 the conclusion that I was suffering from .Locomotor ataxia, or Progreasive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac tensed by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten yearß, and that I might never get the nae of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked hie e gs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a rottning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advor tisement describing the cure effected in the Ik' u°r another boilermaker in Eneland, "Uich I read in the "Australian Work •5 &D;, I b yD r Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale cop e. I read in the advertisement of a se which seemed to fit my own I determined to give the Pink Pills a S? and sent for a box. e effect was as marvellous as it was groal. x was able to eat and sleep ns wough nothing was the matter with me. It as the first appetite and rest I had for SIS i ,! y \ In wafl incredible. I imme ah t k wan able to move "PilL j • bave taben four boxes of Pink rum, i u . nn g the past four weeks, and am “bing thei fifth box. I can w alk nbnut hnt .t, a >Hck, and am gradually, vital:/ B^y>i.ecnvet ‘ n g my former vigor and TV- * ou Bee those crotches there ? n..7su re per L eot,y nBW > and I have never I WBre ma do for me before nss tt, 6 hut I was too weak to I n . nw don’t want them. All withrmt 8 -^*^ 1 ' 0 ' 1 ’ Bni * I hope noon to do tny strength.’^° U 866 IBm rapidly re g ainin g ■Jsrvi» B1 °° P er cent, better,” said Mre on h«»*L. ° bad onmß in end taken the baby hislifo n8 j B ‘ ”'■‘■hs Pink Fills have saved A ma ds another man of him.” that t!! ■ called in at this point, said than hs ff'iH °°f ked ?° yearB y oun g ßr that day did a fortnight previonsly. •cold DO, V oontinned Jarvis, “ have a in my I ’ and T a ** the feeling has come back ’em j . 6’’ If I keep on going the way I boiler m°t P 8 to be Bb^B 1° resume work as a the ver * - and y° u know I have to be in at tha/a PI a and strength to work have be rade ‘ am k o 'ter to-day than I years "7 Bt - t ' me during the paet five to thee l m. or ‘ bp a 'l the change and benefit life. lL P '" k Pi" B ; They have Baved my f ee [ lju nin in 110 pain now, whatever, and there i. 6 & I !' 6W man ' Ou the mantelpiece ■which n, a j x °i opium and morphia pills excrnnies- 8 do “ t . or gave me to deaden the they aro '» ® ? R ' n ' ® at they oan stay where body wt,’ u* no nn g 3r nee d them. Every chanoe s° aDOWI ' m e haß been amazed at the , yei Vr Tl,e y can hardly believe their Ssstissti e ' n = a i )out again bae caused quite g !atl .oa out here.” confirm.' 8 7' 8 remarkable history, and it P»Ders -t*' 8 BB ' d in *" the chief news cores m V lB country of ’ the astonishing iforPalTp l^, 1 Dr Wiilißms’ pink Pills ipittisl ” en Pis- They onre locomotor ataxy, m»nv P Plra ' Y c,e t and spinal diseaee, aUo the PWsri.k a 8M wh *°h arise from an im plle f b , Bd Btate of the blond, such ae ar semla, «uUr «r«T i nw complexion, general min •bortn.. tT"’ iodigestion, loss of appetite, 'em p a 'oB in tho baok ’ nfr 