CHAPTER XI. lu tho Crimson Mists of Sunset. Edward left the house without any definite idea of how he would carry on the search for the truth! of his own history, but his determination was com plete. He did not enter the dining-room, but called for his buggy and drove direct to tile city. "When he drew up before the white-columned house and entered the yard, Mary was in the doorway and smiled a welcome, but as he ap proached she looked into his face in alarm. "You have been ill?" she said, with quick sym pathy. . "Do I look it?" he asked; "I have not slept well. Perhaps that shows upon me. It is rather dreary work this getting acquainted." He tried to deceive her with a smile. "How ungallant!" she exclaimed, "to say that to mo, and so soon after we have become acquaint ed." "We are old acquaintances, Miss Montjoy," he .replied, with more earnestness than the occasion . justified. "I knew you in Paris, in Rome, even in India-I have known you always." She blush ed slightly and turned her face away as a lady ap . peared leading a little girl. "Her© is Mr. Morgan, Annie; you met him for a moment only, I believe." The newcomer extended her hand languidly. "Anyone that Norton is so enthusiastic about," she said, without warmth, "must be worth meeting! a second time." Her small eyes rested upon the visitor an in stant. Stunned as he had been by largo misfor tunes, he felt again the unpleasant impression of i their first meeting. Whether lt was the manner, the tone of voice, the glance, or languid hand that slipped limply from his own, or all combined, he did no know; he did not care much at that time. < The young woman placed the freed hand over the mouth of the child begging for a biscuit, and with- i out looking down said- < "Mary, get this brat a biscuit, please. She wil drive me distracted." Mary stopped, and Un Duchess leaped into her arms, nappy at once. Ed ward followed them with his eyes until they reach ed the turn of the porch, and Mary turned a mo ment to. receive additional directions from tin youug mother. He knew, then, where he hat first seen her. She was a little madonna in i roadside shrine in Sicily, distinct and different from all the madonnas of his acquaintance, in thal she seemed to have stepped up direct from anions the people who knelt there; a motherly little-wo man in touch with every home nestling in thos< hills. The artist's name had been lost, but the people had preserved for a hundred years theil sister and freshened their hearts daily witt glimpses of "The Mother of God." The young mother by him, was watching him with curi osity. "I have to thank you for a beautiful picture," he said. "You are an artist, I suppose?" "Yes, a dilettante. But the picture of a womat with her child in her arms appeals to .most men to none more than him who never knew a mothei nor a home." He stopped suddenly; the blooc rushed to his face and brain, and he came neal staggering. He had forgotten for the moment. Ile recovered, to find the keen eyes of the wo man studying him intently. Did she know, die she suspect? How this question would recur tc him in all the years. He turned from her pale and angry. Fortunately, Mary returned at this moment, the little one contentedly munching upor its biscuit. The elder Mrs. Mountjoy welcomed him with her motherly way, inquiring closely inte his arrangements for comfort out at Ilexhurst Who was caring for him? Rita! Well, that was fortunate; Rita was a good cook and good house keeper, and a good nurse. He affected a careless interest, and she continued. "Yes, Rita lived for years near here. She was a free woman, and as a professional nurse accumu lated quite a sum of money. And then, her hus band dying, John Morgan had taken her to his .house to look after a young relative who had been left to his care. Whatvbas become of this young person?" Bhe asked. "I have not heard of him for many years." "He is still, there," said Edward, briefly. And then, as they were silent, he continued: "This woman Rita had a husband. How did they manage in old times? Was he free also? You see, since I have become a citizen your institutions have a deal of interest for me. It must have beer/ inconvenient to be free and have someone else own ing the husband." Mrs. Mbntjoy was leaning back in her chair, with eyes half-closed, and smiling upon him. The woman was becoming unbearable; he could have strangled her cheerfully. The elder lady's voice recalled him. "Her husband was free also; that is, it was thought that she had bought him," and she smiled over the idea. "It would not have been the first instance of hus band being slave to his wife," said the daughter in-law. Edward did not dare trust his voice to question further. A slanting suhbeam came through the window; they were now in the sitting-room, and Mary quickly adjusted the shade to shield her mother's face. "Mamma is still having trouble with her eyes," she said; "we cannot afford to let her strain the sound one." The old lady was passing her hand across her brow. "There, mamma; I would not knit any more," she continued, taking the work, and laying it aside, returning to smooth the grey hairs with loving touch. "They pain me a great deal. Did you ever have neuralgia, Mr. Morgan? Sometimes I think it is not neuralgia. I must have Dr. Campbell down to look at my eyes. It is very inconvenient to have to be sc careful. And I am afraid-" She did not complete the sentence, but the quick sym pathy of the man helped to read her silence aright, Mary's hand had ceased to move, and she caught her breath nervously. "Mary, take me to my room; I think I will lie down until tea. Mr. Morgan will be glad to walk some, I am sure; take him down to the mill." She gave that gentleman her hand again; the cool, plump hand of a girl; a hand that seemed to him eloquent with gentleness. "Good-night, if I do not see you again," she said. "I do not go to the table now on account of the lamp." He felt a lump in his throat, and an almost irresistible de sire to throw himself upon her sympathy. She would understand. But the next instant the idea of such a thing filled him with horror. It would banish him for ever from the portals of that proud home. And ought he not to banish himself? He trem-» bled over the mental question! No! His cour age returned. " There had been some horrible mis-; take! Not until the light of day shone on the in disputable fact, not until proof irresistible had said, "You are base-born! Depart!" When that hour came he would depart! He saw Mary waiting for him at the door; the young mother was still watch ing him, he thought. He bowed and: strode from! the room. "What is it?", said the girl, quickly. "You seem excited." She was-already learning to read him. "Do I? Well, let me see; I am not accustomed) to ladies' society," he said, lightly; "so much beauty and graciousness have overwhelmed me." He was outside now and the fresh breeze revived him instantly. There was a sun setting before them that lent a glow to the girl's face and a new light to her eyes. He saw it there first, and then in the sides. Across a gentle slope of land that came down from a mlle away on the opposite side into their valley the sun had gone behind a shower. The sky was blue over head, but banked with vapors behind them, and a crimson mist rested upon the long slope where trees and shrubbery seemed growing in a glorified ssa. Out on one side a fiery cloud floated like a ship afire, and behind ¡it were the lilac highlands of the sky. The scene brought with lt a strange solem nity. It held the last breath of th© dying day. The man and girl stood silent for a moment, con templating tile wonderful vision. She looked into his face presently, to find ¡him sadly and intently watching her. Wondering, she led the way down hill to where a little boat lay with its bow upon the grassy sward which ran Into the clear water. Taking one seat, she motioned him to tile other. "We have given you a Venetian water-color sun set," she said, smiling away her embarrassment, "and now for a gondola ride." Lightly and skil fully plying the paddle the little craft glided out upon the lake, and presently poising the blade, she raid, gayly: "Look down into the reflection, nnd then look up! Tell me, do you float upon tho lake or hi .tho cloudy regions of heaven?" He followed her direc tiona. Toen, looking steadily at lier, lie said, Bently : "In heaven!" She bent over the boat side undi her face was concealed, letting her hand cool in the crimson water. "Mr. Morgan," she said after a while, looking up from under her lashes, "are you a very earnest mau? I do not think I know'just how to taite you. I am afraid I am too matter-of-faot." He was feverish and still weighed down by ; WB terrible memory. "I am earnest now, whatever I may have been," he said, softly, "and, believe me, Miss Montjoy, something tells me that I will never be less than earnest with you." She did not reply at once, but looked off into the cloudlands. . < "You have travelled much?" ehe said at length, to break the awkward silence. . i "I suppose so. I have never had what I could call a horne, and I have moved about a great deal. Men of my acquaintance," he continued, musingly, "have been ambitious lu every line; I have watched . them in .wonder; they have come abroad, toiled, denied themselves, and suffered for a little f*me or a little success. Most of them sacrificed what it has been my greatest desire to possess-mother and sister and home. I cannot understand that phase of life; I suppose I never will." "Then you have never known a mother?" "Never." There was something in his voice she could not fathom, but it touched her deeply, "To miss a mother's affection," she said, with a holy light in her brown eyes, "is to mies the greatest! gift heaven con bestow here. I suppose a wife somehow takes a mother's place, finally, with every man, but she cannot fill it. No woman that ever lived can fill my mother's place." Loyal little Mary! He fancied that as she thought./ ; upon her own remark her sensitive lips curved . slightly. His mind reverted to the sinister face' they had left in the parlor. "Youn mother!" he exclaimed, fervently, "would to Heaven I had euch a mother!" He paused, overcome with emotion. What was he doing? Had he lost control of himself? He stirred with sudden anger and hatred of himself. But she looked upon him with swimming eyes. "You must come often, then," she said, softly, "and be much with us. I will share her with you. Poor mamma! I am afraid-I am afraid for her!" She covered her face with her hand suddenly, and bowed her head. "Is she ill, so ill as all that?" he asked, greatly concerned. "Oh, no! That is, her eyesight is falling; she does not realise it, but Dr. Campbell has warned 110 ta be careful." "What is the trouble?" He was now deeply distressed. "Glaucoma. The little nerve that leads from the corner to the brain finally dies away; there is no connection, and then-" She could not bring herself to conclude the sentence. "I cannot tell you how much my short experience here has been to me. The little touch of motherly interest, of home, has brought me more genuine pleasure than I thought the world held for me. You said just now that you would share the dear little mamma with me. I accept the generous offer. And now you must share the care of the little mamma with me. Do not be offended, but I know that the war hos upset your revenues here in the South; that incomes, slaves, investments, have all departed, and that the new order of busi ness, especially in the country, has not reached a paying basie. By no act of mine I am indepen dent; I have few responsibilities. Why may noi I, why not you and I take the little mamma to Paris and let the best skill of the world be In voked to save her from sorrow?" He, too, would not, after her failure, say ^blindness." "You have not answered me," he said, gently. She shook her head. "I cannot. I can never answer you as I would. But it cannot be, it cannot be! If that course were necessary, we would have gone long ago, for, while we are poor, Norton could have arranged it-he can arrange anything. But Dr. Campbell, you know, is famous for his skill. He has even been called to Europe in consultation. He says there is no cure, but care of general health may avert the blow all her life. And so we watch and wait." "Still," he urged, "there may be a mistake. And the sea voyage-" She shook her head. "You are very, very kind, but it cannot be." It flashed over Edward then what that journey would have been. He, with that sweet-faced girl, the little madonna of his memory, and the patient mother! In his mind came back all the old familiar places; by his side stood the girl, her hand upon his arm, her eyes upturned io his. And why not! A thrill ran through his heart; he could toke his wife and her mother to Paris! He started violently, and leaned forward in the boat, his glowing £3ce turned full upon her, with an expression in it that startled her. Then from it the color died away; a ghastly look overspread it. He murmured aloud: . "God be merciful ! It cannot be." She smiled pitifully. "No," she said, "it cannot be. But God is merci ful. We trust Him He will order all things for the best!" Seeing hiß agitation she continued: "Don't let lt distress you so, Mr. Morgan. It may all como out happily. It was wrong to burden yon with our family ghost. And this is a poor recep tion for you! See, the Bkies are quite clear now; the clouds all gone! I take it is a happy augury!" Ashamed to profit by her reading of his feelinge, he made a desperate effort to respond to her new mood. She saw the struggle and aided him. But in that hour the hesrt of Mary Mountjoy went out for all eternity to the man before her. Change, disaster, calumny, misfortune, would never shake her faith and belief in him. He had lost in the strag gle of the preceding night, but here he had won that which death only could end, and perhaps no. death. " Slowly they ascended the hill together, bath silert and thoughtful. He took her little hand to helo her up the terraces, and, forgetting, held It until, at he gate, she suddenly withdrew it in confusion, and gazed at him with startled eyes. The tall, soldierly form of the colonel, her father, stood at tlie top oí the steps. "Sec," sold Edward, io relieve her confusion, "one of the old knights guarding the castle!" And then she called out, gaily: "Sir Knight, I bring you a prisoner." Tho old gentleman laughed and entered into the pleasantry. "Well, he might have surrendered to a less fair captor! Enter prisoner, and proclaim your colors." Edward started, but recovered, and looking up bold ly, said: , "An honorable Knight errant, hut unknown until hla vow is fulfilled." They beth applauded, and the supper bell rang. (To be continued.) , 