JOHN HQr\TQM'g WUfD. BY OROBVBNOR BUr4STER, ANtsUr W Mini rellon, TUc Ilovll'H Wile, II--ii«tou6'» lie vim**!. Tulon of Crime* mill 1'rlulaii c»c, etc. CHAPTER VII (Continued.) On this evening however she ap peared determined to look her best. I hive said that the was very beautiful, ?nd those with whom she now lived owned readily enough — since there was no disputing the fact — (hat there were few young ladies in society who could eclipses her. Hut beauty of itself is not everything. It is often marred and rendered vulgar by those who own it. Indeed this is generally the case. Women rarely learn how to dress well until (hey have passed their spring. Olive however possessed the good taste in these matters, which is indeed inborn in her countrywomen. She knew the effect of a judicious, mixture of colours, and could produce a happier result by the use of a bow of ribbon, or a spray of flowers, than nny to be achieved by art of dressmaker or milliner. ? ?? - 'Tonight,' is she looked into her mirror, a smile of gratified pride crossed her face, ' thuy shall see,' she muttered, 'whether we ire the barbariani they would have us.' «— Then she descended to the room in which Mrs Horton and her daughters rrere awaiting her. Carious, looking over (he banisters as her young mistress crossed the hall, uttered nn excioraa iron of delight. ? '? Ai the girl entered the rsom the ladies could not foibearan utterance ol surprise. On ftdith'i part it was also one eW delight, and coming forward, she affectionately congratulated Olive upon hir appearance. 'You look charming, dear,' the whispered. 'You hare excellent taate, Mix Verners,' cried Mrs Horton. Miss Horton said nothing, but she could not conceal the annoyance which was reflected in her face, and which, of itself, was perhaps the best tribute to the girl's loveliness which could have been paid. ? ? . The theatre that evening waicrowdcd. 1 think the opera of Sonambula was represented, Madame Escott and Mr Squires being the chief performers. They who remember those days will easily understand me when I sny the dress-circle was filled with beautiful women, and that out of Europe no finer sight could have been seen thnn was that night represented, It was a be»peak night, and society was pre sent. Society in (hose days meant something different to whnt it signifies now. There was then some little limit to th« pretentions of democracy, but now there is no surprise If you elbow your tailor or barber at a ball or dinner party. For my part, I liked the old fashion best. The entrance ol the Hortons — who were of the best set— attracted the at tention of those already assembled. Miss Horton, who was a belle, naturally inspired the attention which society accord to beauty. But, to-night, there was not a little curiosity exhibited in the wtll-bred murmur andstir which the entrance of the party usually excited. Rumour had been bujy as to the foreign beauty who was living with the Hortons, and as usual rumour had woven a hundred and one romantic and lmpotiibU storiei to account for her visit. A mutteriag of surprised admiration ran through tht circle as the young girl's loveliness burst upon those present. 1 am not sure that Olive was unconscious of thii tribute to her attractions, but I know that her cheeks became suffused by blushing and her soft dark eyes flashed with pleasure, It was very pleasant to see Olive blush. Her clear brown skin was so transparent that the rich blood glowed through it Just as a glurioui glance of the sun lights up the western sky. We have all noticed how the audience upon these occasions, from pit to gallery, concentrates its at tention, while waiting for the rising of the curtain, upon its fashionable element The gallery boy takes aa evident Interest in tht arrival of the ?swells'—their looks, raiment, and behaviour— ai the more refined occu pant of the stalk who turm his eyes upon every pretty woman In turn, It is not wonderful, therefore, that Olive —whose appearance, apart front her natural beauty, was relished with »he appetite of curiosity — became the object of genewl attention. All this added fuel to the fire of dislike which animated Mrs Horton and her elder daughter. Nor was It acceptable to Edith, who foresaw danger in the adulation with which, it was evident, Olive was regarded. Now it so happened that upon this particular occasion Mr Sparkle had. treated himself to a stall ticket. Mr Sparkle wai a gentleman of taste. He liked everything of the best. The sixpenny restaurant! which have cropped up since his time would have raised his girge. I have known him, Indeed, starve on half-acrown, pre ferring to wait until he had saved a crown that he might dine royally at Spiers and Pond's cafe, So with his other indulgences, He loved art, but could not understand its contemplation from the gallery any more than he could understand eating asparagus with an iron fork, Mr Sparkle then, was among those who were attracted by tho entrance of the Hortons. They had secured a seat In tho front row, and Olive, by some accident, was placed by Miss Horton's side, The contrast in their beauty was very marked. Miss Horton was a blonde, cold, passive, and ' bloodless 'j Olive a brunette, and warm, passionate, and vivacious, Miss Horton had the worst of it. Mr Sparkle, who was one ol those extra ordinary persons whose memory strengthens with time, looked at the girl with eager interest. He knew her directly he cast eyes upon her. The reader may Infer that this memory arose out of the occurrence which I'hilip Ycrners had related, and it was, there fore, no matter of surprise that Mr Spurkle, as he looked upon Olive, grew grave and somewhat pale. The realisa tion that the little girl In whose de struction he had been n passive accom plice was now before him— a beautiful woman— was of itself sufficient to In spire him with confused, yet suggestive thoughts. ' This was the girl it was pro posed he should many. As he thought this, he experienced a thrill of pleasure to which hitherto he had been a stranger. This was natural enough. ' A man looking upon Olive Verncrs as his future wife would, indeed, be of cold blood if his heart did not palpitate with happintss and his whole being rejoice in the anticipated possession of such a lovely creature. Have you seen the faint pink beauty of a spring sunset, and do you remember with what lingering pleasure you dwelt upon that picture ? If you do, you have seen Olive Vernirs as Mr Sparkle did. It was good to watch the girl's face during Ihe performance of the opera. While controlled by natural good taste and breeding from giving evidence of her intense delight, she could not conceal, In (he expression of her face, how entirety she was entranced by the performance. Mr Sparkle, who, as we have seen, had an interest in the matter, watched her closely. 1 Egad 1' he muttered j ' I don't say but that I'd take the girl without the money. She is a catch.' Then he noticed how several of the young cligibles of the time contrived to secure introductions to Olive. l''or the Tint time in his life Mr Sparkle experienced a faint sensation of jealousy. He chafed against the privileges which society conferred upon gentlemen who, to his practical mind, had no claim upon the consideration of a lady whom he already regarded as his future wife. He reflected, 4 Come 1' he considered, ' there can be no better opportunity than this offered now. If this young lady is to be the future Mrs Sparkle, the sooner she becomes acquainted with her husband the better for all concerned.' With this, Mr Sparkle devoted his attention to the stage, enjoying the performance in that philosophical spirit which enabled him to diituct his attention as he chose in those directions which, for the time being, promised him moit pleasure. The opera concluded, his thoughts reverted in the most natural manner to Miss Olive Verners. Elbowing his way out of the crowd, he took his place at the entrance to the theatre, and there awaited Ihe exit of the party. The night was dark and gloomly. The great heat of the day hung oven the city in a stifling atmosphere that foretold of a storm, and dull leader clouds rolled sullenly athwart the sky. As the crowd came forth from the theatre a sudden crash of thunder awoke the air, and quick flashes of lightning lit up the scene. The Hortons, who were among the first lo leave the theatre, quickly gained their carriage. Mr Spatkle, influenced by some undefined feeling, edged from the crowd, and coming close to the carriage-door, closed it upon the party. The coachman drew out from the crowd and drove down the street, He bad not reached the corner ere nn awful crash of thunder was heard. Then came a sullen silence, presently broken by loud cries, as (he horses attached to the Horton's carriage, maddened with fear, dashed down the -treet. All this was observed by Mr Sparkle, to whom thunder and light ning were nothing, and, who, secretly hoping for an opportunity to introduce himself to Olive, had hung upon the skirts of the Hottons. Rushing along the street— he was lithe and active— he succeeded in heading the horses ere they had entirely mastered thiir driver, and at last, with the tatter's aid, managed to subdue them. Then he opened the carriage-door, and handed the ladies out. Mrs Horton— albeit she showed little of it— was In a terrible fright, Olive, alone of all Ihe party, evinced no nervousness, Mr Sparkle noticed thli with some interest. Being a person of a practical turn of philosophy, he argued that a young lady who could so command herself In the midst of danger was not of the nature to be easily controlled or persuaded. Mrs Horton, who could not be persuaded to re- enter her car riage, readily accepted the service! of Mr Sparkle, who, procuring ? cab, placed the ladies in it. As he did 10, in ? v«ry gentlemanly manner, and as motfovor, Miss Horton had remarked that his aDDcarance was not unattrac tive, there can be no surprise 1h.1t Mrs Hmton, when parting with her 4 prrsctvcti' expressed her gratitude In terms which led the gentleman's ac ceptance of nn invitation to' wait upon the ladies at the Lodge, 4 He is evidently a gentleman,' ejaculated Miss Hurlon, us she leant back In her scat, ' Indeed, he has quite a distinguished manner.' 4 Quite so,' asscntod her mother, 1 1 shall discharge John tomorrow,' John, who was the coachman, was thus unreasonably held responsible fur tho mischief caused by the thunder and lightning. What was Olive thinking of? Was it of the brilliant spectacle of which she had so recently formed an item ? or was it of that daik eager face which had caught her memory and troubled it — as a dream of an ill and long p.tit matter of our lives sometimes comes to haunt us? ' Carlottn,' said Olive that night, as her maid brushed her long and luxuriant hair. ' 1 have seen a ghost of the past.1 Then she told the girl what had occurred, nnd spoke of the impression which Mr Sparkle's ap pearance had made upon her memory 'Is it true?1 cried Carlotta. 'I, too, have seem him. He is often here, He speaks to the major-domo I What do I say? The old man, with the short breath. Concha I UuflU I Yes, I know, 