SCURIo US CALL: [A snm w:ell-furnished drawiig-room in Maffair. Katherine Rochester, cl ' devdn Wife of George Rochester, is S.seated aloane before the fire on a win ter's a ernoon.] . Katherine- . (musing): So it's just a year since. .I severed my matrimonial bonds, han got rid of my husband for ever! How time flies! It doesn't seem a year since I became a widow. Nay, I'm not that: what am I then? Surely neither fish, flesh, nor fowl; an ambig ious position indeed! Perhaps I was foolish to appeal to the law for my re lease, but' L did it in a fit of temper, and must abide by the decision. Oh, I had great- provocation! It wasn't so much his littlts peccadilioes-I could have con doned theim n- time.", perhaps; wise wi',s-somietimes must, and I was so much older tirtn he was. No. It was the abominable oay in which Ihe deserted me-ns' gQes': the phraise--that really broutght matters to a crisis./ Leaving me alone,we&kr; after week, month after month, tol-do What-I liked. spend what money I pleased-though, to be sure, it was all my own-without even writing a line to ask if I were dead or alive. Stay, I'm wrong; he did telegraph once from Norway to me: "Please send photo; almost, forgotten what you're like." Monstrous! and so ungrateful, too, when all the time I was making him such a liberal allowance. I ought to have stopped it, but I hoped my pal try generosity might bring hinm to his senses-soften him, perhaps-but it didn't; and I never saw him for two whole years until that morning in court -and then I wished I hadu't done it, lint it was too l:ite. Some of my- inr ried friends used to envy mne rather told me I was a lutcLk woman. and a fool to make a fu s. But I umarried for rompantonshlp. I wanted someone to talk at-I mean to talk to; sometone to luss when I didn't feel well. Nerves? Of course I've got nerves, and then he said I matle scenes. and drove him from his home. If I have a sensitive nature, he should have siothed. not irritated me; sat- with mny land in his, stroked my hair.'listened to all I had to say without answering;hunmiored me; coax ed tilme, Istead of rushlugn out of the house and slamming the hall door after him. That wasn't tile way to treat me! Yet not such a bad fellow, after all. G(;c-looking, young, cheery, easy going-=tha? was It-too easy, going everywhere without me. Bt . I've punished hilm-at least. I hope I have. His pocket must feel the difference, if his heart doesn't. I'wonder what has become of him? Alwaiys abroad. I sup pose. I'm not likely to hear much more about him. I never see any of his friends-they don't seem to call - no odly seems to call much-now. (Yawn ing.) It's dull work having only the servants to scold. (A servant appears earrying a small salver on which lies a Visiting card). Servant: A lady wishes to see yot, Ina'am. Katherine U. (brightening up): Tialtl, goodness for some one! (Sharuply.) Well, where is she? .'Whlit have you done with her?.: Servant: .. Here -is thli lady card, na'anm. She wouldn't tcome p until she knew if you-would see her. Katherine ItR.: Dear me. what a mystery! (Reads the' card.) "Mrs George Rochester." What's tils? A joke, or my ghost? (Suddenly illumi nated.) The wreteh has nmrried again -this is his new wife ! Servant (impassively): Shall I show the lady up. ma'am? Katherine R.: Certainly not - stay yes, I will see her. (St~ant disap peas.) I must see what she s like. How do I look? I'm sure my no 'e is red. (Takes up a hamlu-mirrolr.. eats a powder-puff from her po down the acerbitiesof "' But to come here - I dechini irdly decent: what can she want I only hope I shall be able to keep toy tongue under control. a (Servant reappears, and (alnounces "Mrs Rochester." The regnant Mrs Rochester- Mabel by name - advances shyly.) Mabel R. (timidly): Mrs Rochester, I believe? :Katherine R.: That is-that was (de liantly). Of course, that is my name. (To herself): Why, she's a mere girl, and how lovely! Mabel R. (nervously): You. know who I atm? (Katherine RIt. flicks the card affirmatively.) I trust-I am suirs-I hope you will pardon the liberty I'hare taken In calling upon you so unceremonlously; but the fact is-I Tynnted t6 consult you -if you will :-kindl. allow\inie to do so Iallherine R. (to herself): He's been at his old tricks; poor little soul! (Aloud.) Won't you sit down? (They sit.) Mabel R.: The object of my visit is atbout-concerns-your-no my- (Fal ters and blushes.) Katherine IIR. (aggressively Why not say "our" husband at once? By the way,- how long have you been married' Mabel R.: Two months. We'havejust come back from (blushing again) our honeymloon. Katherine R. (ironically) : Together. Mabel R. (surprised)': Why, yes. We are always together. Katherine R. ; He never leaves you alone-for hours ? Mabel R. ; Oh, no. He wouldn't dream of such a thing. Katherine R. (between her' teeth) Walt ! (Aloud) But, really,-I fall.to see how these accounts of bridal bliss can possibly interest:ihe? . M1abel R. (uncomfortably aniember. lng certain of George's confidences coh eerning a former hioneymoon) :- No, of course not. It wasn't to talk of th.t I came- - Katherine R. (cuttingly): TIhank you! Mabel Ii. : But I wanted to know be fore settling down-we have just taken a tiny house In Kenslngtbn-to" learn something about dear George's tastes. Katherine R. (to herself): Is she a fool, or is she trying to bt insolent ? (Aloud) I fear I am hardly the right per. son to giveyou the information you de sire. . Mabel R.: Oh! but-I am soe you are -for (naivrely) he tells me you were with him for over three years. Katherine R. (fiercely): He dieusses me in'the same way as he does hhl cook! \- Mabel. R. (preelpitately):,Oh, no! Please don't think thatt for a mon?eit. You're not the least bit allke--qulte, quite:different Cook is young nice looking, and so good-tei' Oh dear, what have I said? ] dI mteman to be:rnde, but.you nibk at me'4o strangely.; LwiLsh-Iliaidn't come: it??i only-'fobr:bls sake'(flouundern on) buf'I fanceiled that dtring a ithreevers', .Katherine Re(laughlng sarni lly): "Vlsit" is good. - :Mallel:R. : should hae salid resi dence with a person, you do get to know something about them,. don'tSa , -u) Katherine R. B(grimly) You do, txi: deed ! - - -Mabel.. : That's just It, and so-- (hesitates). Katherine R.: And so you harq called upon me to ask for the character of George .Rochester (deprecating move ment of Mlabel). Oh, pray don't napolo gise!-it was very prudent of yon to do so. Forewarned is forearmed. Well. as he canvasses me as he would a servant, I will do the same by hiim. I believe himU to be perfectly honest, clea'?, and generally sober. These are the! ques tions I am bound to answer, are they not? Passe encore (rising as shiconti nues) : And now, supposinlg in aOdition I told you that your husband Irfers the society of othler women to tat of his own wife; thant he is indlitetlut to her welfare, careless of her happitess ; that whlen sihe is ill antid dlepressed he i inconsiderately cheerful ; when (he is nervous, he is noisy; when she lecures, he Inullghs: when she weeps, hie whistles -(warmlling to her topic)--that .when she wants one thing, hle nwants anther; t when she says "don't," he says "shk:ll;" t when she says 'won't," hie says "will" -that he cannot bear the slightest con- t tradletion-that he..bsolutely, insists upon.belng master in his own house, upon giving his orders, having,hils way, and if his wife attempts to argue ?-ith him--to thwart him-to assert her Inde pendency of thought and action, that lie goes off, and leaves her to herself ''or two whole years. What would you say if I told you that? (Pulls up breath less.) r Mabel It. (somewhat overwhelmed by this avalanche of verbiage) : Why really!I think-I should say it was the fault of his wife. Katherine R. (taken aback): What? (To herself): She means to insult ue ; but I will hear her out. (Aloud, resent. ing hersef)i Now, I ain ready tO listen to you. Mabel R.: I won't detain you very long. I have made a list of the ques tions I should'like to a-k~iou viill be quite candid with me? -on't you? (Pro duces a dainty littlecaa:net- froml her muff.) Katherine IL.: Oh. quite ! iTo her self): Hasn't she heard enough? What more can she stant? - Mabel it. (consulting her note-hook): Let me see-oh, yes-this is rather im portant-has he got.-- Katherine It. (quickly): More than likely- ' Mabel R. (to herself rather): Appetite in the morning? What has become of iy breakfast menu? All, here t is. Does he like Katherine R. (clitting ins Everything he ought not to Mabel it.: Kidneys? Katherine It. (gasping): Kidneys' 3Mabel R. (prattling oan: For break fast, I mean. They are such a help, and quite digestible if they're well done. Urlndmmunin always ssedl to say that tilhe way to a man's heart is hlnaigh his mouth. and I've copied into a look such a quantity of nice receiplts. f he only likes them--lbut that's whiat' wanted to find out, for it's no good giving hitl things the won't cat, is it? Katherine It. not knowing quite where she Is): No. I suppose not. Mabel Id. (making notes): Yes. kid neys. you said I think. I'll put thetm down. Now, eggs. Itow does l he like eggs? Poached or plain boiled' Katherine II. (losing her headi: Oh, poa ched--liled-plaiin-colored. Mabel It. (.seribbliug) : Th:lnlk you so much. Now for laneh. I have a yonuder ful receipt £or hashing col nlmutton .to make it taste like ~-enison. I shall grce him that sometimes. shall I? Oh. lliud dings--loes he like puddings? IKatheriune RIt. (wild!y): Yes. l'uddlus. pies. tarts-- (Stops abruptlyl. Mabel RI.: Can lie eat shell- ttsh? Crabs?': Now, how dots he like thllem dressed? Katherine It. (distrac'tlly): iOh. over dressed, full-dressed; anyhow. (To her self): I shall seream directly. Mabel R. (continuing cahldy;: Now, din ner is the mlost serious miI?lI in a Ua:n's day. Entrees will bie my chief ditieulty, for we shall be quite poor. IBut I think that sweet breads, solmetimes with a white sauce, sometimes with a brown gravy, will be quite safe to order. don't you?-(Katherinue J. nods helplessly) and a vol-au-vent now and then. if he eats pastry. I think you said he eats pastry. (Katherine R. nodding): 'Thank you! I think rin all right about thi joints. for all men eat joints, don't they? And..af 'tei all, they are something solid to fall back upon. Ah! about sweet-'. V'What sweets did you give him? SKatherine P.: None. Sweets were not in my line. hlie said. Mabel R. (recognising a danger siglnal: Oh. yes. of course: men never eat sweets. do they? they prefer savories. Perhaps you could give me some hints about sa vories? Katherine R. (rallying her scattered senses): Mrs Rochester. my husband and . 1 seldom dined togetlher. I know little t or nothing of his likes and dislikes. Pe' tnats (bitterly) if I had studied thlem, as t you are doing, my meals might have been less lonely. Maabel R. (hurrying on nervously): All. now! There is just one more thing I want to ask you. if I may. Does lie suf fer from cold feet at night? For I spend Sh great deal of my time in knitting, and could make him such warm. comfort able, rosy socks if he would wear them. [ :Katherine R. (unnerred for tie mn mlent): I told you that my husband and I seldom Mabel R. (naively): Yes. dined together. Katherine R.: But it was the same thing all day long. Can't you under stand? (Breaking down). Oh. child. child, wvhy wasn't I like you? (Painful pause. Mabel .. goer softly up to the sofa where Katherine R. - s rocking herself. and takes her hand). 3Iabel I. : Don't cry, don't cry! It's done now. Katherine I. (hysterically): But I did It. I was obliged to do it. That seems the cruel part. Mtabel R. (gently): Our lives are in our own hands, to make or to inar. Forget the past ; try to look forward to the future. Katherine R.: (pulling herself to gether).: You deserve a better fate. Mabel R.: Hush! you mustn't say that. I have chosen, and I think-well. Katherine IR.: Yon're a good wrom:ln. Mabel R.: So are you--or I should not have come to see you. Katherine R.: Good! Yes, what the world from Its platform of respectability calls "good." Oh. yes, good enoughn in one sense. If I had been as some of ;ny f lends are-I might not have done It -I might have left him to do it. But, you see. I never was attractive. George :narried me for my money. that began Ithe mischief; and thlen--then--I have a Iterrihletemlper. I can't conquer it. I've trild. but I can't. . Mabel R. (most pitifully):'Poor, un happy woman! -Katherine R.: Yes, that's what I alml. (Passiotately.) But hle had no.righti to treat me as he did. Say it tell me-you do pity me? 3fabtel RI.: (looklng into her hard, thil face): Yes, I do pity you. (Movement of KIatherine R). But on your aceount, not his. Katherine P.: But still you must ad mit-- Siabel Ri. : I admit notiln" agabasit him-I love him. Katherine R.: So do I. Mabel R.: Not as I do. Katherine Ri. (after a strllcle): Will youn kiss ine? Mabel R.: Why. not? There (cheer fully), do yoau feel better now? See. It 's five o'cloek, and quite dark! I must go. IGesrge will bie expecting me. lKatherine RI.: As I iused to expect him-hbut henever cnme ~ fMabel R. (Impulsively): Ah! if youi hal behaved differently! But you made his 'life so--- - r:KatherineR.:? Miserable? Oitt with it! Well, I snppiose .l did. . Now.. rli -(way. Whalt Is yovaiUme. - Mabel R.: Mabel. Katherine R.: Run Awa~n, SMabel, and make his life happy. -' Mabel R.: I mean to try. Good-byve! Katherlne R.; Good-bye! She- rilus the hell, goes with her visitor, to tilhe Blior, and looks after her retretilng ilgure):Poor, simple little thing! Pelr haps those sort of women make the best wives, after all. (Shuts the door'; shivers slightly; stirs the fire; and, with her feet on the fender, looks down into the Ilaze). I wonder, If It had to go through Itall -again, whethier I should have "behaved differently." I wonder ! -"World." 