RELIGIOUS NEWS. Mitcham Primitive Methodist Church.— Anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church at Mitcham were held on Easter Sunday when the Rev. J. Nairn preached morning and evening, anda delivered a lecture on "The Scotch Covenanters" in the afternoon. Each of the services was well attended. On Monday a tea meeting was held, followed by a lecture by the Rev. Nairn on tho subject "Peter McKenzie." The lecture was the more appreciated from the fact that the lecturer had been an intimate friend of Peter McKenzie for a number of years. The Kev. Joa.v Llovd.— ThU rev. gentlemau, tays the Wallaroo Times, who has ou «e*cr*l occa sion* been inrised to VictorU to preach, ban a^ain received a pressing invitation to conduct -i«ecial ser vices as tta* Parbau Consregatiuiul Church, and bis people have grouted him learo of absence fur thtce weeks. lie will have, as is his usual practice, provided good supplies to till the pulpit during his absence. The Wciiii C'nurch people and their pastor tstvia to be very much attached and bound to each other by the '*|*ruatest thin; in the world.' The people have preat reason to be so, for few pastors nave such a rei-ord as Mr. Lloyd. Some time ago he commenced the thirtieth year oi bu ministry among thu people, and during that long period he has, by ait preaching aud tbe almost fraternal interest taken in tue welfare 01 the people old and young, bound tbem by the strongest of all tie.-* until they have become ore in all tbincs per taining to ibe Church, lie is still bale and full of vigour, aad very frequently preacbe.- tbrea timed on a Sunday. We are sure the voice of the people of Wallaroo is only echoed when the wish u expressed that be may enjoy his holiday in Victoria, and return to his people iu good health. NOUTU AbELAlUE 1SAIT1ST CHRISTIAN EN deaOI'R Socisrr.— A missionary convention in connection with the abore Society was held in the National l*u:k during Easter. The students of tbe Eelnir Training Hookm were present by iavilation. Tbe Ker. Johu Suutbey. irbo ha* lately returned from China, was the only speaker bct'orc lunch. The subject of his address was 'The First Cbri-tian Endeavour.' The afternoon meeting was presided over by Mr. T. K. Powell. The lint speaker «u Mr. E. .T. Farrent, and his remarks were intended especially for the young men in the . a udience. Ue dwdtupon the face tnat foulh Australia U behind her sbtor coliiniw iritii repard to the number of candidates in twinins for tbo foreipn lit-ld. Miss Sedgwick followod, taking an her subject the 'One Thine Needful.' Mr. ti. Allan. oJ New Zealand, then brought before tbeaadituce tbe cUiins of South America. The Republics liad thrown open their doors, and now was the time for the Christian Church to se&d; its musionarie* thither. Pastor A. J. Clarke and the Kev. John aouthey also spoke, the latter giriue experiences in the Chinese mission field, to illustrate tue various points he dealt with. Tbe Rev. W. L. Morton tmi the concluding speaker, and at the close of bis address three fourths of those present rose to their feet to signify their urillingufss to depart with ChrUtto the mission fleld. llvmns were sung between the atldre- sej, and ishwr: ycasous of prayer engaged in. Two kolos were sun' one, ' In the secret of His presence,' by Miss h. Morton, the other, ?? Uoly Ghost with light Uirine,' by Miss Chaplin. Messn. t'ullarton and Allan alto'samja duet, ' Abundantly able to save.' Pastor A. .1. Clarke closed tba meetiug with prayer, and the convention terminated. I'ro.-pect P.M. Svnd.vy school. —The annual picnic wan held on Momlay. A Urge number of scholar* and friends were conveyed to the grounds of Mr. F. M. Cresdeu at Charlwworth, kindly leat tor tho o^-a*iou. Here a capital pro-^ntiume of sports was carried oat undi-r the dircctiuu «f a committee of ladic* and seutlcmen. The various ivtuts wore oniered iato with lest by young and \--!d. Notwith.-Jaudinc the Lnclement st.-.te of the weather a plcaKint day was spent by all. Cheers for the committee and Mr. Cresdee were given before starting for home, which was reached shortly cfior i!ark. KUURINUl WESLi:Y.\S ClICRd! SlSDAT-STUOOU —Tiie .S'tuday-scltoo! anniversary services were held on Sunday lost, tbe Kev.-t .1. Y. bimpson and W. A. Lanp-f'ord prcaciiina to laree conyrcpulions. The Church was crowded at nicht. A service of sonjj, ' Primrose tiartti,' was successfully ri-n-Sered in the aftcruoon. Tiie Hol.lfast Biy Model Bund, which was on a vWt to the IJurra. jrrc-.itly heli-e-l by play. it:- a selection of sacral tuiics outside the Churt-h in'the aitcrnonn un-l a*sL«tinjr in tne evouiui; »er vicc. The tea and public mi-etinj;* heM ©n EaMcr Mumlav wore uvll attended. Mr. J. launder, one of 'the 5cuool Sup-.-riutcniienis, presided. Tlio annu-U report ?-. which weie rcaJ, showed the school w«.r!c to !-?.? well sustained. The Kcr. J. Y. Simpson and Mc*.-r*. A. Harris aii.l II. Dunn delivered excel !-til ndilrfs-e*. Tne siimiii? of the scholars was j^catly enjoyed. The ariKeeds of the aunivcrsury ;in:o:nited ti- sill las. ,r.d. -'iiilpiu:-'s Kastkk FK.«m«—-The Children* h-i^ter Fe.-:ival. in connecii«ii with the Sunday M-hvils in the Anglican Mri^li of l'ort Adekiidn, was 'jel'l at the Alherton Oval «n taster Monday. Tlterc were n«) children from St. I'.tur* jvirish flr.iri-h and the varion* iui-^:oiis— »t. «i'e«»rs«.'''f. AlfettoniSt. Ifcirnalw!.'.*. Rojenaitr ; St. AndrtuV. B;rkeiilie:td ; and M- Nicholas *, l.lanville. After a ^liort service in at. Paul* Church, conducted by tho tt-vs. Canon ftiiuevll a2'l E. II. Bleby, an im tKisif' proi-e«jcn. jay 'nitli banners, and beadei! bv tiie Riverside Bras* Band, marrhed to the picnir (?found, where sports and ?^nmes of a varied character were pn.vi.lcl, and fu:l arrangenienw for supnlviuy iho nwA* of iup iuner man were cmoiently carried out. A larfic numl-er o'. ailulls were present duri'is the day. Yor.K CiiiKCii '?f Christ.- The anniversary 01 the f!unday--*chool mnnei-teil with tin-above t:imrch w.a*coleb''iitc-l on lister Sun-lay, lit the uiomin^ M- 11 D. Smith officiated. 1' lite afternoon Mr. itonalcLoon. of TaMiuwia. cave ;i 'pucinl address to the scholar.?, their pannts. and friends, special sln-iu- bciiie tcmlerotl I'y the scholars under the ImSmhip oi Mr. C. Fielder. Mn« Forrest pre siding at the orcan. In the cvemys Mr. Donaldson *puki- to a Inrse sathenwr. On Monday the annual jiicnic in connection wiih the Suml »y -school was held ut Black Forest. ? 