ORIGINAL RIDDLES IN REBUS AND RHYME. TO RUN ROUND THE TABLE AT CHRIST MAS TIME. By JEXXETT HUMPHREYS. Author of 'Some Games to Flay on Christmas Day," "Mistletoe Merriment," "Christ mas Recreation," "Christmas Merri ment," "Christmas Conundrums," Etc., Etc., Etc., tCOPYRIGHT.) OXCE MORE. Huzza for Christmas here again : With hands, with voice, with eager ejea. We welcome your red-berried reign. And hail you as our Richest Prize! Bright Christmas-King! May you be b> To reach your Diamond Jubilee! But no! Such measuring is o'er, And Jubilees were yours before! For queens may live, and nations shout, As eighteen ninety-seven dies out. But you. through centuries, men greet And lay glad hearts at your glad feet! Huzza ! RIDDLES RIDICULOUS. 1\. What is the similarity between the Sul tan and your host! 2\. Whit is the difference between a great Joker and a lawyer's head-dress! 3\. How do we know that Abel bad none of the qualities of the whirlwind? 4\. In which European country is tea grown ? 5\. What Is the connecting link between sad ness and the expression of it? 6\. Which part of Ireland is the nearest to the panny! 7\. Which part of Africa is nearest marma lade? S. Why do we expect few cats on the Rus sian Steppes? 9\. What is the difference between the Vaca tion and the Vatican? NO CHANGE GIVEN (OR EXPECTED). Time makes its footprints, but:— A widow's might is still coin. Choler and cuffs remain close companions. Soldiers continue to be found in quarters (poor fellows). A skirt dance liss not yet been seen without a body 10 it. Fvery Indian (quite incomprehensibly) still longs for a lack or rupees. Though to call "A spade! A spade!" it will not yet come when called. 2 The spur of the moment has not lost size. It Is still large enough for people to act upon It. Naval architecture remains so defective, ships are yet only built with quarter- decks. A Midsummer Knight's bream is still ol a baronetcy buy-and-buy. All swe!l that end swell continues to be true. Money is still the fashion for making main. Once it only made the mare to go! There remain several Rhodes to ruin. FLOOR ALL. 1\. Name a fiower in which you can find ink. 2\. Name a Rower with a young goat in it. 3\. Name a flower part of which Js heard in Quires and Places where they sing. 4\. Name .one on part of which people wipe their feet. 5\. Name one which holds a pronoun, 1st pers.. p!u.. nom, 6\. Auu one with the same in the accusa tive. 7\. Name a Bower which, though lofty, calls itself less. S. Name one containing a ceremony. 9\. Name one on which stands the highest tabic at a banquet. 1<). Name one Rem which the lover never goes. 11\. And one which ho'.ds what he would bestow upon his lass. 12\. Name a flower in which you can find no thing tin French). 1". Aud one with the fuss or turmoil in It nothing sometimes bring. 14\. Name one in which there is a part of a circle. 15\. Name one !n which you can find a hus band (in Frer.Mi). 10\. And one in which you can find nobody (in Latin). 17\. Ar.d cr.e the best of all for the conclu sion. because Finis is to be read there On English). TEIISE VERSE Apropos. For every rose That ever grows, For Violet. For mignonette, For lilies, psnsics, daisies. For purpie stock, And hollyhock. For all the Cowers That seer. the hours. We owe a thousand praises AN ON DIT. He: "It's marvellous!" Another He: 'It's more than that, dear in law; it's grand ma'vcilous." CHRISTENING COOKERY Or BAPTISMAL BOGKERY. (Each Recipe Rarely Recommended., 1— A measure take (heard now and then But long since out of fashion); Add either end cf Englishmen. When made she is their passion. 2— First take the word for dawn, noon, morn, Then clap on (finely peeled) A piece from evidence new-torn. The dish to none will yield. I— Get old cathedrals' shorter name Of Anglo-Saxon time, And take its foremost syllable (The piece esteemed the prime). Then add of "mc-r.ied" quite a half. Omitting m, o. d. Note.— Never a more useful dish Will you at table see. 4— Take that which means hound round and round (Its vowel altered slightly) ; Then add an adjective ne'er found With those who act politely. 5— Cut up the Latin word for love. And use its last three-quarters; Join on a weight unsn's strength abr-ve, Though even men he porters); And maid who might have duck or dove, w'ill crav this dish he brought hers, 6— TUte old-word past (now shown by S, With he or she or it); Then pour two- fifths of "angel" ec. For angels 'twill be ft 7 — Take that which follows on "Good qucec, Add Latin intimation How things some other things may mean "Twill meet with approbation, S — Take little cry of little lamb. When lamhle wants protecting; Then put what goes from jamb to JfOiH When house-doors get erecting. QUIZZICAL JOKE-GRAPHY. L Which watery incident on the earth's cur- lace would be useful at a Christmas round- game of cards? — Which watery, also, would you expect to hear in a house on the trail of a ghost? S. And which is very nearly what jeu wociii expect to see after the ercaK? 4\. Which part of the Circus surface cr« church dignitaries? 5\. Which parts are a predatory race? 6\. Which would you like to give to an appts? 7\. Which part do you ficd m a paint-box? 5\. Which, watery again, could jej ;u: a cupboard door? 9\. And which at the djcr-hing-'? 10\. Which part would be useful for ap itr.se'a building? 11\. Which part would a girl no: iiko to re semble? 12\. But what event on it of hi-JzEy occur rence. denotes what sac- v.vu'.J te! 13\. Which part of the earth answers t'tc qucs- lion. Which is the best ptayi- ig-car-d ? 14\. Which tcils what an invalid Co I" v . vvru'J say he was? 13\. Which is used as a verb in aiige; ? And how? 15\. Which shows from what this asua'iy. arises? 17\. Which part, rapidly la w in' quantity, is like a piliow? 1?. Which, prefixed by almond. oaM ts eaten ? 19\. Which, if it only measured an 11 mora would b: sought by us »!i? 2-0. Which could be conjugated? And hcvvY 21\. Which is a good portion c-f bin who cwcs» and c-f liim to whom he owes? 22\. Which describes what you did on the ice? 23\. Which describes what the girt did who was coming to meet you? 24\. And which the consolation she lovingly, gave you? 23\. And which pirt. finally, describes what yon have in your mind after al! this to special scientific subjects? A SHAKE OF THE 11 Good-uight! Good-bye! May you and I. You readers dear. Re-meet next year. For jokes and jests With Chrieunas gut sis. Play r.c ill part. But cheer the heart. (For answers to above riddles sff l in-. \ 