A CURIOUS CALL. | [A small well-furnished drawing-room in 'Mayl'air. Katherine -Rochester, co ders nt wife of George Rochester, is seated, alone, before the lire bn a win ters afternoon.] ' . , v . r-Katherine E. (musing): So its just a year since I severed my matrimonial bonds, and got rid of my husband for ever! How time flies'. It doesn't seem a year since I became-a widow. ^ Kay, I'm not that: wliat.am I then? Surely neither fish, flesh.nor fowl: an ambig uous position indeed! Perhaps I was foolish to appeal to the law for my re lease. but I did it in a lit of temper, and must abide by the decision. Oh, I had great provocation! It wasn't so much his. little peccadilloes—I could have con doned them in time, perhaps: wise wives sometimes must, and I was so much older than he tvas. No, it was the abominable way in AA'liich lie deserted^ me—as goes the phrase—that reallj^ brought matters to a crisis. Leaving me alone, iveek itiftbr \veeK; montli-aftey month, to do what'Hiked, spend w'liar money 1 pleased—though, to be sure, it was all my oivn—w itliout ei’en wanting a line to ask if I AA'ere dead or alive. •Stay. I'm Avrong; he did telegraph once from Norway to me: / •'Please send ■ngaag^-jfAvwittpn what- "you’re to: aiinosr like/’ Monstrous! ami so ungnuvLUR ^ too. when all the time I was-making him such a liberal allowance. I ought to ha-ve.slopped it. but' 1 hoped my pal try generosity might bring him to liis senses—soften-, him. perhaps—but it didn't: and l never saw him for two whole years until that morning in court' —ami then 1 wished I hadn't done it. Imt. it was too late. Some of my mar ried friends used, to envy me rather— told me T was a lucky, woman;: and a fool to iuako a fuss. But I married for companionship. I wanted someone to italk-'ai—1‘mean to talk to; someone to fuss when I ’didn't feel well.' Nerves? Of course I've got nerves, and then ho said I made scenes, and drove him from, liis .'home. Tf I have'a’'sensitive nature, he’should have" soothed, not irritated me: sat with my hand in his. stroked my-hair, listened to .all I had to say. without.answering'; humored me: coax ed me. instead of rushing out of the house and slamming the hall door after him. That wasn't the way to treat me! Yet. not such a bad fellow, after all. Good-looking, young, cheery, easy going—that was it—too easy, going everywhere without me. But I’ve punished him—at .least. I hope I have. His pocket must feel the difference, if 1,11s heart doesn’t. I wonder what has become of him? Always abroad, I sup-1 pose. t I'm not likely to hear much more about him. I never see any of his friends—they don’t seem to call — no body seems to call much—now. (Yawn ing.) It’s dull work having only the servants to scold. (A servant appears carrying a small salver on which, lies a visiting card). Servant: A lady wishes to see you,, ma’am. Katherine H. (brightening up): Thank gooduess for some one! (Sharply.) Well, where Is she? What have you done with her? Servant: I-Icre is the lady’s card, ma’am. She wouldn’t come up until she knew if you would see her.. Katherine It.: Dear me, what a mystery! (Reads, the card.) "Mrs George Rochester.” What’s this?. A joke, or my ghost? (Suddenly illumi nated.) The wretch has married again —this is his new wife ! Servant (impassively): Shall I show the lady up, ma’am? i Katherine R.: Certainly not — stay yes. I, will see her. (Servant disap pears.^ I must see what she’s like. Hojv do I ITaU F,;k? I'm sure, my nose is gip a liand-mirror, extract" what can she want'.' I) hopoX.shall be able to keep my toil under control. (Servant reappears, and' announces “Mrs Rochester.” • The regnant Mrs Rochester—Mabel by name — advances shyly.) Mabel R. (timidly): Mrs Rochester. I believe? Katherine R.: That is—that was (de-' faintly). Of course, that is my name. ;(To herself): Why,, she’s a mere girl, and how lovely! Mabel R. (nervously): You know who I am? (Katherine R. flicks the c-ard affirmatively.) I.trust—Lain sure—I hope you will pardon the liberty I have taken in calling upon you so unceremoniously; but the fact is—I wanted to eousult'yon ■if you will kindly allow me to do Katherine R. (to herself): He’s been at his old tricks: poor little soul! (Aloud)' Won’t you sit down? (They sit.) Mabel R.: The object of my visit is about— concerns—your—no: my-'(Bai ters and blushes.) ‘ ‘ ‘ Katherine R. (aggressively : Why not say ‘•our”.husbapd af.onee? By the way, how long have Voif been married? Mabel R.': Two ruo'ntlis'' We have just come back from (blushing again) our honeymoon. ; - Katherine R. (ironically) : Together'' Mabel R. (surprised) : Why. .yes. We are always together. *-v- - Katherine JR.:. 11 e never leaves vou alone—for hours ? * Mabel R. fOh. no/He wouldffit .dream of such a tiling. Katherine K (between ■ her teeth) • Wait-! (A^oud) But, really, I fail to see.how these accounts of bridal bliss' can possibly interest me? Mabel R. (uncomfortably remember ing certain of George’s confidences con cerning a former honeymoon) : No of course not. It wasn’t .to talk of that I came—— Katherine R. (cuttingly) : Thank you' Mabel R. : But I wanted to know be fore settling down—we have just taken a tiny house in Kensington—to learn something,oboat dear George’s tastes .. Katherine R. (fo herself): Is' she" a fool, of is slie trying to bt insolent (Aloud) Lfear I am hardly the right per son to give you the information yoii de sire. Mabel R. : Oil! but I am sure, you are —for (naively) be tells me you were with hhmfo.r.over three years.: Katherine R. (fiercely),: He- discusses nib'.in the same way as he does his cook’ Mabel R. (precipitately) : Oh. no' Tlease don’t think that -for a) moment' You’re not the least bit alike—quite quite different. Cook is young. nice looking. add 'so good-tempered. Oh dear, wliat have I said? I didn’t mean I to be rude, but you look at me so strangely : I wish I hadn't come; it was only for his sake (floundering on), but I fancied that1 during a three years'_ visits— : ' Katherine R. (laughing sardonically): ‘•Visit” is good. Mab.el R. : I should have said resi dence with a person, you do get to know something about them, don’t you? Katherine R. (grimly) : You do. in deed ! ■ Mabel R. : That's just it. and so— (hesitates). . • Katherine R. : And so you have called upon-me to ask, for the character of 1 George Rochester (deprecating move- -; ment of Mabel). Oh. pray don’t apolo gise!—it was very prudent of you to do i so. Forewarned is forearmed. Veil, as : he canvasses me as he.would a servant, I will do the same by him. I believe him to .be perfectly honest, clean, and j generally sober. These are the ques tious I am bound to answer, are they no tv Passe encore (rising as she conti nues) : And now, supposing in addition I told you that your husband prefers the society of other women to that oi his own wife; that he is indifferent to her welfare, careless of her happiness , that when she.is ill and depressed he is inconsiderately cheerful : when she is nervous, he is noisy; when she lectines, lie laughs: when she weeps, he whistles —(warming to her topic)—that when she Wants one thing, he wants anothei., when she says “don’t.” he says “shall; when she says ‘won’t,” he says “will —that he cannot bear the slightest con tradiction—that he absolutely insists upon being master in his own house, upon giving his orders, having his way, and if his wife attempts to argue with him—to thwart him—to assert her inde pendency of thought and action, that lie goes off, and leaves her to lierselt foi two whole vears. What would you say if-I told you that? (Pulls up- breatli llabel It. (somewhat overwhelmed by this -avalanche of verbiage) : Why— really I tliink-4 should'say it was the fault of liis wife. . Katherine K. (taken aback): What? (To herself): She means to insult me ; but I will hear her out. (Aloud, reseat ing liersef): Kow,,I .am ready to listen to .you.," ; ^. • rTX.W-Wt detain you very loiig. I have, made. tidns I should like to ii'sk: you will l Tit*IIS X SIHHUU 11KU lu uaiv, .> quite candid with me. won't you? {PfO cliiees a dainty little carnet from her muff.) ’.Katherine R.: Ob. quite ! (To her selfit.Hasn't she heard enough? What more t-an she want? Mabel;.R. (consulting her note-book): Let. me see—ok. yes—tliis.is rather m •portaut—has he got ,‘Katherine R. (quickly): More than likely Mabel R. (to herself rather): Appetite in tiie morning? Wliait has become of my. breakfast menu? . Ah. here it is. Does he like—— .Katherine R. (cutting in): Everything he ought not to Mabel R.: Kidneys? ' Katherine R. (gasping): Kidneys!. Mabel It..(prattling on): For break fast. I mean. They are such a help, anti quite digestible if -they’re well done. Grandmamma always used to say that the way to a man’s heart is through his mouth, and I've copied into a book such a quantity of nice receipts, if: he only .likes them—but.that's wlmt I wanted to find out. for it’s no good giving him tilings he won’t eat, is itV Katherine It. (not knowing quite where she is): No, I suppose not. Mabel R. .(making notes): Yes, kid neys." you said I think. I’ll put them down. Now. "eggs. How does he like eggs? Poached or plain boiled? Katherine R.. (losing her head): Oh, poached—boiled—plain-colored. Mabel-R. (scribbling) : Thank you so much. Now for lunch. I have a wouder ful receipt for hashing cold mutton to make it taste like ^venison. I shall give him that sometimes, shall I? Oh, pud dings—does he like puddings? Katherine R. (wildly): Yes. Tuddings. pies, tarts-(Stops abruptly). ■ Mabel R.: Can he eat shell-fish? Crabs/ Now. how does he like them dressed? Katherine R. (distractedly): Oh. over dressed. full-dressed; anyhow. (To her self) : I shall scream directly. Mabel R. (continuing calmly): Now, din ner is the most serious meal in a man's day. Entrees will be my chief difficulty, for we shall be quite poor. But I think that sweet breads, sometimes with a white sauce, sometimes with a brown gravv. will be quite safe to order, don’t you?'—(Katherine R. nods helplessly)— Ba vol-au-vent now and then, if he eats rv. I think vou said he eats pastry, rheriuo R. nodding) >Tbank you! , I k I'm all.right ;yout the joints, for ^mi7rrr^-tvT!^^".ut-heyg--And. af ets did you givelWiim? Katherine R.: None-* iJweets were not in my line, he said. Maliel R. (recognising a danger signal): Oh. yes. of course: men never eat sweets, do they? they prefer savories. Perhaps you could give me some hints about sa vories?; Katherine R. (rallying her scattered senses):.Mrs Rochester, my husband and H seldom dined together. I know little or nothing of his likes and dislikes. Per haps (bitterly) if I had studied them, as you are doing, my meals might have been less lonely. Mabel R. (hurrying on nervously): All, now! There is just one more thing I want to ask you, if I may. Does lie suf fer from cold feet at night? For I spend h great deal of my time in knitting, and could make him such warm, comfort able. cosy socks if he would wear them. Katherine R. (unnerved for the mo ment):. I told you. that my husband and I seldom—r. 'Mabel R. (naively): Yes. dined together. Katherine R.: But it was the same fhingvall: day long. Can’t you' under stand? (Breaking down). Oh, child. d-Iiild, why wasn’t I like you? (Painful pause. Mabel R. goes softly up to the sofa where Katherine R. is rocking herself: and takes her hand). .Mabel R. .: Don’t cry, don’t cry! It’s done now'. : . •Katherine R. (hysterically): But I did it. I was.obliged to do it. That seems the cruel part. . |. Mabel R. (gently): Our lives are in our own hands, to make or to mar. Forget the -past;; try to look forward to the future; , Katherine R.: (pulling herself to gether).: You deserve a better fate. Mabel R.: Hush! you mustn’t say that. I have;chosen, and I think—well: * Katherine R.: You’re a good woman. Mhbel R.: So are you—or I should not have come to see you. Katherine R.: Good! .Yes. what flic world from its platform of respectability calls' “good.” Oh. yes. good enough in one’ sense. If I had been as some of my friends arc—I might not have done it —T (flight have left him to do it. But; you see. I never was attractive. George ■married me for my money, that began the mischief: and then—then—I have a terrible temper. I can’t conquer it. I’ve tried, but I can’t. Mabel R. (most pitifully).: Poor, un happy woman! Katherine R.: Yes. that’s what I am. (Passionately.) But he had no right to treat me as he did. Say it—tell me—you do pity me? Mabel R.: (looking into her hard, thin ' face): Yes, I do pity you. (Movement of Katherine R). But on your account, not his. Katherine R.: But still you aiust ad1 mir— Mabel R. : I admit nothing against him—I love him. Katherine R.: So do I. Mabel R.: Not as I do. Katherine R. (after a struggle): Will yon kiss me.-1 i Mabel R.: Why not? There (eheor ’fully), do you feel better now? See. it’s five o'clock, and quite dark! I must go. George will be expecting me. Katherine R.: As I used to expect him—but be never came. Mabel R. (impulsively): Ah! if you had : behaved differently! But you made bis life so.-- u Katlieriue R.: Miserable? Out with it! Well. I suppose I did. Now run > away. What is vour name. Mabel R.: Mabel. Katherine R.: Run away, Mabel, and < make his life happy. ' Mabel R,: I mean to try. Good-bye! ] Katherine R.: Good-bye! She • rings the bell, goes with her visitor to the door, and looks alter her retreating lignre): Poor, simple little thing! Per haps those sort of women make the best wives, after all.. (Shuts the door ; shivers slightly; stirs the tire; and. with her feet on the fender, looks down into the blaze!. I wonder, if 1 had to go through it all again, whether I should have “behaved differently.” I wonder ! —“World.” 