OITB MITSWELLBKOOK LETTER. [FlIOM OHB LOOAt RnrRKSBNTATIVK,] Ths Mobicai, Union. — In rosponso t.o a circular issued by Mr. McMillan, tho local music teacher, about twenty persons assembled in tho school of Arts on Saturday night last for tho purpoBO of con Bideriug tho udviBnbieneBB of forming in Muawell brook an orgnnmution of those ruiiBicnlly dispoGed. Mr. J. Hazlowood ivub votod to tho chair, and after the objects of tbo meeting bad beoc explained to those prosimt, it wna reaolvnd tbnt n society to bo imltpd thn Muawi'llbrnok Muuicnl Union be oatnb liahfd. Officers nnd committee woro then oloctod aB follows :— Pnrron, Mr. R. G.D. Fitz Gerald ; Pre sident, Mr. E. Bowman i Vicu-preBidents, Mbbbtb. J. C. White, J. W. Humphries, E. C. Brooht, and J. Hnzelwood; Committue: Mossre. Beaver, W. Priest, W. McNuill, H. D. Tracey, J. P. Gradwell, Drnna fiold, and Southoombu ; Accompanist, Mr. Sherlock t 'i.'reasurer, Mr. F. Budden j Honorary conductor, Mr. McMillan t Librarian, Mr. Drnnafiold j and Secretary Mr. J. C. LuBOombe. It was decided that the subscription for membership bo Cd par month, that no ontrancH fue bu charged i nnd that tho first meeting for practice be Wednesday night September 8th. Mossra. Hazolwood, Drannfiuld, McMillan, Sherlock, and Budduu were appointed a sub-commibteo to prepare regulations and by-laws for the manngement of the Union and tho pro ceedings terminated. A Toun op Inspection. — Mr. Young, Travelling; Inspector of tha Post nnd Telegraph Department, nrrivsd ia Muswellbrook yesterday, making his customary official visit. The Fabmbrs' Annual Cbmrbhation.— Speelvl features of thu sports portion of tho Farmers' Asso ciation annual demonstration will bo a polo match on bicycles, a tilting tournamont, in whioh the con testants will havo to purform n quarter of mile gal lop in a circle in uniform time, cutting the Turk's head off on horsabnek, and nn nrohery inutoh. It ie tha intention ot tho committee to make tho pro gramme entirely novol, and tbe procession through tha slreeta will probably bo one of tbo finest spie:noular dsiplayu yet witnessed iu the Northern district. Tub Sinolbton Snow. — A large number of tho Muawellbrookireaidents will as usual proceed to tbe Singleton Show on Thursday naxt, and will likely ba edified by their visit-, ai our neighbour's exhibi tion promises this year to be of Bpooial merit and attractiveness. Siui;leton bIiows have always baon well patronised by Muswellbrook folk, nnd of Into yearn tho Singlstoniuna have returned thu compli ment by visiting our to-yn in larire numbers during tha holding of tho Uppor Hunter annual exhibition, It is well that auoh a reciprocal fueling oxiets be tween the two towns, nnd it is tn be hoped it will long ooutinue, for though it be desirable that tho residents of both localities engngo in honest rivalry to their heart's content, healthy competition need never giro cause for petty jnaloUBy, nnd promoters of discord, fomenters ot ill-feeling in uither plaoo, should ever bu looked upon ns ill-conditioned crea tures, and bo promptly consigned to Covontry. During tho eighties tha Singleton shows used to nttraot a vory large contingent of visitors from Muswollbrook and noighbouring localities, but einco the ro»ivnlof tho Uppur Hunter allows in 1890, 'the yearly exodus has not beon nearly so great, many of tho peoplo having grown content with what thoy nro ablo to eoa at home in the way of pnatornl and agricul tural exhibitions, and it must bo admitted by any impartial person qualified to givi! an opinion ou the subject that is one respect the Miiswellbrook allows hold premier position, nnd that is in the display of products of tnuntnl oulturo, industry and akill made in tho Exhibition Building, where thu appolntmanta are perfe t, nnd good tnato is always shown in the arrangement of exhibits. A gallery with a proper background for tho display of pic tures in tho fine art section is enrtniuly calculated to bu n more effective modo of showing artints' work than hnving tho pictures hung upon cheerless looking loudon coloured oorragnted iron walls, and in the placing of exhibits in ia equally desirable to avoid incongruities that givo offenou instead of ploaauro to the oye of tho boholder. These nre mntterB which have always roouived due attention looally, with highly satisfactory roaultn | and hav ing uow stated a faot in no spirit, of captious oritiolBin I will conclude thia paragraph by saying' tbnt I think I intorpret the feelings of ths resi dents oorrectty when I state that MiiBwellbrook trusts that Singleton's exhibition of 1897 shall bu in overy sense a complete suooess. A Oavh in tub Wvbono Mountains. — A R»⁣ op tub Past,— Mr. W. L, 0. Brooht, ot lloso mount, writes s— ' Mr. W, H. Purvis whilo pros pecting in the Wybong Mountains discovoied in a small cave, in an almost innvaosaiblo spot, two frames, thn material of which was 0 x 3 nnd 8x8 in dimonBionB, a strong box about 15 inohnn square, nnd otber timber, partly destroyed ;by white uutB nnd fire. Judging by tho nails, boltB, etc, thu articles niUBt have been constructed about thirty or forty years ago. Tho woodwork was not a part of a etill, but might bavo boen used for mnlting bar ley. Mr. Breoht is very nnxioua that tho find should bo examined by an expert, and thero ia no doubt but l bat it will, and temporarily posing ns anti quaries tbo Denmnnite and tho Woburnite will uow hero havo to pay the penalty of solf-imposod great nous, and givo nil tho information in their poHsen «ion with regard to tha disoovcry to evory intelli gent questioner.' That, I am confident, thoy will bo ublu to do, although somn ' wiokod' Muswoll brook BOoptioB buve Rtiginnbiand the ncoonut givon ns nn ' Amerloun Yum,' and havo ovon gone bo far as to »ny that tho discovery wns nob a whit moro tangible than tho Surry Hills Ghost t but thu opinion of auoh unbellovars will of course botroatod nt thoir proper worth by nil intolllgont puraons in this nnlightuned oominunity, This Coukbinq Match. — .Tho oouralng inarch (the rco.ml (if thu soason) undwr tho nusploBH of tho MuBwollbrook Club, wns oouoludedyofctorday, whuri Mr, Ryan galnod both priss-m with his dogs, Gipsy Girl (1) nnd Geordlo (a). Tho settling took plnou Insti night nt Mr. Yntim's Fnmily Hntol. Mr. Ab. Wuidmann oooupied thn chair. Several intoroot ing HpoeohoB wuro miuio, h numbor of toaBta pro poser), songs sung, and n very plnnHnnt livening opnnt,; further rofuronoo to whioh will be mado in next loltt-r. Tuoadaj morning. 