A SYDNEY MIRACLE. . '.-rs.aij .i' investigation by a reporter.1 > . ".v ' .. j'-, ,'i?i i j#- tit Tiie Interesting. Case, osf, Mr. 1 TRho mas :V j a k vl.s, w.h.osays! that.a(fbw/w(eeks ' ago hej (was. cluijbl.edpartrar.fa': Paralyzed, v. Suffer! nft/if.rom,;Tior!ii- motor- xAtAXIA, " and: v,vHeLRLHSS.- .. Doctors, Hosrxtali Authorities amd' evert! one : said tie1 must 'Die as his1 Case was Hopeless. But- they .. were , mistaken. "To-day he is a New Manj;euli;ofLife and'Energy,1' His Crutches-He has Thrown. A-w ay, his .Dead Ljmrs have . Life,., his .1 Appetite -.has Returned, and,-j»un.- rAcr, he has a New Lease of Life Out Xnd Out. So much interest has been, shown. .by io,ur readers in this marvellous case' that';we have published the. facts again, as: they have appeared in the Australian. Workman a few weeks ago,:— .. ., . .. One afternoon our. representive !made his. way tovlhe, home of miv Thomas. Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. , He .swas discovered nursing atwo-year-old baby, and his face "declared him 'to be one. of the happiest. men in Sydney. He was up and about and was able to answer the knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, .he \- said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well I am glad of the opportunity to tell you. The facts may be .of value to those who are stricken as I was." \- " How long were you suffering ?" ; (4 Wnl 1 Itiraltra m am f Vi a orvn T rr\4- oa kn J I mvii) v "W I U uwuvug -M. gvu av/ uau that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. 1 was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt Street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island. " " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the wdrld like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everybody else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order?" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I should give . up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morpha pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to (he conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible) . Well, just as a drowning man will grasp a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertis- ment describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which Beemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyhow, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as j though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest. I had for. many a day. It was incredible. I immedi- J ately left the bed and was able to move' about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weekB, and am now I . taking the fifth box. I can walk about with I the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches here ? They I were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength. " s " He is 100 per cent, better," Baid Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " Dr. Williams' Pink Pills has ' saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to those Pink Pills. They have saved my life. 1 am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every- I body who knowB me has been amazed at the | change in me; They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has 'caused q'uite'a sensation' out here." ' Lit Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what'is said in all the chief newspapers of. this country of the <astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and Lsallow complexion, general muscular weak ness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous head ache, &c.; . ." These pills are. a! tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr; Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will for ward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9d, or half-dozen for 14s 9d. 