TII DAWN. The dawn stole into the yearning sky. Out of the mysterious night it issued, preparing a golden pathway for the son, and through the dawn-Racy psused; out of the Hoomo of Blood, into the lemi nous yellow light. The grass shone with glittering dew drops, and made a groan way for itasy. The pimpornels i ha weo13 ha?d bherou yellow buttercups amongst groan leaves, and blooe forgea-moenote . luxurinted in the marsh; white daisies twin'led in the meadow. There was not one red flower for him to gather ; so he came to the low grey wall that bounded Sir Wil lian Darcy's grounds, Racy loanJe upon the wall, and drew deep breaths of early air. This was youth, this was the exercising of the spirit of heredily. Even Racy might taste of a common pleasure in living with the dumb things that were awake witih him. She woke, it was early. She heard the birds calling to each other, and she went softly to her window. Far awny she saw the Iouee of Blood, with the mnoning light creoping round it, and making the pine wood very dark. She thought of the Master, burile in tile empty place, with his young, despairing onutenance, and she felt a mighty pity n her hoart. Ilncy lookied upl, and be paw her at ho windowr. She seemced to be looking or away in thle direction of the ill ,nened house. So wild a wish for her rart from his soul that it was strange t did not ompol liher eyes down to him, caning on the old stone wall. Perhaps t led her to him after all, for when she aod seen the sun comern over the shoulder if the earth, soli turned from the vindow, took her hat, n ul stole down ie wide stairo and out into the morning. She looked up and Racy was there. 1 I have soon the break of dar " he said, " and purhaps it is the mornialg of ry life rising." 'ý (f course it ie," she said. " You lave given up your morbid fancies, and are going to live a true, strong life." "It may be," he said, looking long ingly into hor clear eyes; " but it is 1till so early, Winifred. Toll me where you have born all there years." " [was at home," stle answered, "but I baro ocome hero berareo my father and mother are dead, But I have no' let them, I am not afraid, so I can go re joiniog in my life. -The dawn is our promise of immortality." He lookoel out over the glowing sky, and smiled. " Uncle William does not much like the disturbanco I cause," continued WVinifrod, "so [ am going out into the world to seo what I can do. I am only going to stay hero a little time." He looked at her with astonishment. "I anm rather frightenid," she said, smiling. "I do not know anything about the world, or. what I'can do, but I am Soung." " It won't do," cried Racy, ', yon can not go into the world." "I most," she said, "for I cannot etay whore I am unwelcomo and.I am not ri,.h." " But I am, Winifred." She started from him panting. What was this he was saying to her ? "'You know my history, and my fear. which you have dispelled. You came to me when I wan on the brink of des peration, youn laid the horror of my Iouse, you drove the- blood out of the sky, and the ghosts cut of my soul. Winifroe, Winifred I" 