A PERILOUS POSITION. Bv MARY ALBERT, Author of ' The Luckiest Man in the World,' 'Tho Brido of a Day,' 'Brooko Finchley'a Daughter,' 'A Hidden Terror,' 'Delia's Story,' ' The Shelling of the Peas,' &c;, &C;, [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] CllAITER XXII.— IrXINGWOBTIl-STBEET. Ulingworth-Btreet, Poplar, is ono of those narrow unlovely sideways which branch off from another sido street, this latter running at right angles from some main thoroughfare. Everything in it is sordid and bears tho impress of something far more dispiriting than more poverty, for about it there is no refine ment, no truce of gontlo manners and sim plicity ; a coarse untidiness, a grim ugliness is the mark of every dwelling. And the inmates are like their houses— tho women have un kempt hair and slipshod shoes ; the men are i ? i ? : ? i t ? i_i * ? i^i ? 1. . ». _ _i -u ? loiiu-vuicea, uiuiai, rewuesa; uie cuuaren are Eavages of me gutter. They have never witnessed any other life. And they naturally follow the only one with, which they have ever been acquainted. Into this miserable place Lord Airton (who had left his cab in the street behind him) turned with indescribable emotion at five minutes to 7 o'clock on the evening appointed. He had managed to metamorphose his ap pearance by a shabby coat, in the breast pocket of which he carried tho Airton diamonds, while a detective, also disguised in shabby - clothes, followed with the bag containing the 500 sovereigns. It was an anxious moment. Fortunately only a few gutter children were near at the time, and they were struggling' s» fiercely for a stray farthing that their atten tion was diverted from the two strangers, who, shabby as they were, were yet too well dressed to be dwelhrs in lllingworth-street Tho clock struck 7. Now was the crucial moment, and as the last stroke sounded Lord Airton noticed a wretched-looking little gir| who had sprung from somewhere til of A ?widen and who seemed dazed atd .'rfgh'«i*J. She stood still in the middle of the street and In a strange, queer sort of tone ejaculated the Word 'Basil.* Lord Airton looked Bcarchingly at her and said hurriedly— 'Am I to give these things to yon ?' 'Basil,' answered the child, as if Bhe had no power to utter any other word. 'rHere they are then,' returned the wretched nobleman, fearing more than evpr for his little grandson. Was Basil— his Basil— detained in Suoh a place as this? ''ion will never be able to carry the other bag,' said he to the child. 'You are to put it down on this stone,' Bhe said tremblingly; 'and then to turn your back and walk away.' The little thing shuddered as ehe spoke, as if overcome with a mighty dread, and her pallid face twitched convulsively. Lord Airton hesitated. 'Make baste 1' cried tbe child beseechingly. 'Oh, make haste I' ' If I give you what you ask for Bhall I have my grandson to-night? asked he sharply. 'No, in the morning.' She lookei more terrified than ever as she blurted out tbe words. ' Is that sure ?' ' He Baid so. Oh, be quick, or— you'll lose the chance !' Lord Airton made a sign to his companion, who now deposited tbe bag of money on the spot indicated ; then both turned, walking away without looking back. But it was ter rible to Lord Airton to reflect that he had actually no guarantee for Basil's recovery. The diamonds and the money had been delivered up and he now bad to live through many hours ot agonising suspense. Ue reeled as he re gained the shelter of tbe cab and glad as he felt to leave the wretched place yet he realised that in bo doing he might be leaving Basil be hind him— in that den of robbers. ' Your lordship will soon be out of this,' re marked his companion on perceiving how much he was overcome. Lord Airton made a gesture signifying that could not converse and thus in silence they neared the station, from whence they were to travel down to Airton Castle. By the time coey arrived tnere toe oia nooieman was almost in an unconscious state, so much did his fears about Basil predominate over his hopes. Indeed, tbe shock of his visit to Illing worth-street had been very great indeed. Absorbed as he was, however, in his own loss and grief, be was roused sharply, as he walked along the railway platform towards bis car riage, by an announcement that met bis eye, which startled him like a new shock. ' Another ohild stolen.' Those were the words which headed the news placard. 'My lord,' said the railway porter, touch ing his cap, 'it is a child from Mr. Olford 'a school — the little girl who was so terrified a while apt).' 'When did it happen?' asked Lord Airton with a shudder. 'Early this morning. She was so much better and had so nearly recovered her fright that she consented with pleasure to run down to the school to breakfast. No one has seen her since. Mr. Olford and biB son are in dreadful distress about it.' Yes, Nixie was gone, nor had they any clue to her manner of going. That' she had an enemy was well known— poor unhappy child ! What would be her fate ? Before be left the railway-station Lord Airton sent a message to the inspector of police and a note to Mr. Olford. ' I believe that the little girl who has dis appeared from your Bchool,' wrote he, 'is in the hands of the miscreant who Btill has my little Basil. Let me but get the boy back and I will move heaven and earth to save her.' The inspector was awaiting his lordship at the castle. ' I .believe that the child stolen this morning,' said tbe old nobleman, 'is no other than the one who met me in Illinworth street this evening. I had an odd impression that I bad seen her before. Poor little thing ! She seemed stupefied with fear. But of course I did not then know that sbe was lost, and eo did not associate the child with Nixie.' 'My lord, when once you have your grand son restored to you we can move freely,' re joined the inspector. 'Yes, yes, nothing can be done till to morrow. Qh ! bow shall I bear the agony of to-night ?' It certainly was an ordeal of fearful sus pense. Few of the inmates of the castle thought of slumber, and as for Lord and Lady Airton, they watched the dawn steal into the sky and the sun rise majestically over thflir range of woodland, whispering words of hope to eaob other, while yet they doubted. But the price — a heavy one — had been paid ; surely Basil would be brought borne. They were early in the grounds, in case the little fellow Bhould have been set down within the gates and left to find his way to tbe castle. But no Basil was visible. Dispirited and cruelly uneasy they returned. Breakfast was served and they went through the form of the meal, saying to themselves that during that hour the child would be placed within the castle grounds. Unable to rest within doors they again wcut out into the gardens and pleasure grounds, but ao Basil rewarded their anxious gaze. Noon came — how they lived through the in tervening hours they never knew, but still there was no Basil. And noon passed into afternoon, and afternoon into evening, and evening into night— a terrible night, without nope ana witnouc isasu. By this time the whole neighborhood was up in arms and Lord and Lady Airton were seriously ill, but Basil was still absent. The price paid for bis ransom had been even heavier in suspense and in dread than io the costly diamonds which had apparently been sacrificed in vain. An indignant appeal to the miscreant who had played so base & part was made in the Standard of next day, an appeal to which was Appended a threat. But neither threat nor appeal were answered. Reginald Olford, in keen distress about Nixie a loss, rode over to confer with Lord Airton.; but the latter was unable to fix his mind upon anything and bis reasoning powers appeared shaken. The unhappy nobleman was plunged into Buoh a sea of despair that he seemed incapable of action. Lady Airton insisted on inserting an announcement in several of the leading newspapers to the effect that no proceedings would oe taken to discover the culprits if Basil were brought baok at once. But neither of the advertisements elicited any response. Then a terrible idea seized on her ladyship ; Basil must be dead— they could not restore him. After explaining the non-appearance of her grandson in this way the unfortunate lady sank into a pitiable state and ceased to speak or to eat. Meantime Reginald Olford was very busy with the detectives whom he was employing to discover Nixie, and in this way found his anxiety distracted. But there was no distrac tion possible for Lord and Lady Airton. Their tires bad been bound up in that of their torecious little grandson and with hie loss were ebbing away. Ohatteb XXIIL— Mabtik Lawfobd Makes Up His Mind. The soft twilight of a September evening was gathering round Lawford Honse, which was stui empty and deserted, and through the gentle gloom a boy's figure stole swiftly, Silently, not making for the house, but for the keepers cottage. Jennings sat within, staring into the kitchen ire, while his children were preparing their lessom for next day, and his wife was busy about the supper. Suddenly there was a knock at the door. ' Come is,' cried the keeper heartily. But at this permission was not taken advantage of Jennings rose and went to answer tbe sum mons. Then, to the man's immense surprise And bewilderment, Martin Lawford nearly threw himself into tbe gamekeeper's arms ; all the while attempting to speak, while sobs choked back his words. 'Dear Mr. Martin, whatever ib the matter?' cried Jennings, seeking to lead the boy within. 'We all thought as how you waB Eton. But whatever 1b the matter, sir f ' ' If s— it's my eiBter Emmie,' sobbed Martin— 'she's dying! And I found it out by chance. They would not have let me know, thinkinjr it would interrupt my school work. Emmie iB too weak to bear the journey home, so sbe will die abroad. They did not know that I overheard, bnt I did ; and I made up my mind then and there to go and see her : once more. I've found out how to go. You ' seo we have just come back from abroad ; my . father and mother were to pro and stay at a mend 8, when thoy bad a telegram, ana l am certain it was to call them to Emmie. 'I don't caro about getting back if lean only get there ; but since I meant to emigrate father has kept me without money, and now I have not a penny. But I heard you say you bad money in tbe bank ; so have pity on me and let mo have five pounds. You know I will repay it, Jennings ; and here is my gold chronometer which my_godfather gave me and the two diamond pins my Uncle Andrew left me — they're worth a deal more than five pounds, Jennings — and— and if you dou't let me have the money I shall die of grief.' ' Mr. Martin, you shall have double what you've asked for first thing tho bank opens in the morning-. Don't take on eo. sir. Miss limniie mayn't be so ill as you think,' replied Jennings with feeling. ' Yes she is, and worse,' Eobbed Martin. 'Oh, Jennings, heaven blcBB you for your kindness. How soon can I get the money to morrow ?'„ ' Bank opens at 10, sir, and at five minutes afterwards the money will be in your pocket. I don't keep money in the houBe, sir; 'tien't safe.' 'Jennings, I shall always be grateful to juu — an my me. xuu tuumu igivo mu a ucu to-night, 1 suppose ?' ''Twouldnt be fit for you, sir; but my missus has a friend who lets rooms ; she's not far off, sir. You muHt accept a bit of supper, Mr. Martin, and then I'll take you there. Again Martin offered his best; thanks and then, as he was very weary, he rebted in the keeper's great chair while Mrs. Jennings has tened to fry some bacon and eggs, regarding the poor young gentlemen from time to time with deep compassion. 'Sir Bertram and her ladyship are in Eng land, aren't they, Mr. Martin '{' asked tiie keeper presently. 'Didn't they come baok with you?' ' Yes, Jennings, they meant to go to my godfather's, but they are gone off again to see Emmie. They little look to seo me, but by this time to-morrow I hope to be far on my way there.' And then, as the boy pictured to himself that when he should see his young sister it would be only to bid her good-bye for ever, he burst into a passion of grief, crying out that she was dying for the loss of poor Leigh Furrowes. ' You must tell her, my dear young gentle man, that she will meet him again in the world where there are no more partings,' remarked Mrs. Jennings, who was a religious woman and now deeply moved. But here the keeper interposed, urging ' Mr. ' Martin ' to keep himself up for the journey and saying that it was his 'dooty ' to eat and get strength for what lay before him ; and Martin, who, poor fellow, was very much spent with fatigue and Borrow, gratefully ate his supper and drank some ale, ncr did he dis dain the toasted cheese which Mrs. Jennings served up, done to a turn, 'They're very much cut up at the castle, sir,' remarked the keeper, seeking to turn tiie boy's thoughts from dwelling on his absent sister. ''Tis feared 'twill kill the Marquis, this loss of little Lord Basil.' ' I tell you what, Jennings ; I caa't bear to think of it, so no wonder Lord Airton is dying of grief. And when I remember all that my dear Bister Emmie went through to save the little chap I can't bear to think tbe child is gone.' 'No, sir, it doesn't bear thinking of, as you say,' rejoined tbe gamekeeper sadly. 'There's times, sir.' interposed the keeper's wife, 'when I cant sleep in my bed for thinking of it.' And she wiped from ker eyes no feigned tears. A %-nr\\*vi*ir*f ot»*t Di'lonna fall ati ftiA TittTii m^/win in the kitchen, for the sympathy excited by the loss of little Lord Basil was as keen in every cottage as it was among any of Lord Airton's more wealthy neighbors. A firebrand dropped from the grate upon the hearth and as Jennings stooped to pick it up Martin suddenly laid bts head on bis arms, which he flung across the table, and once more burst into sobs. The trivial incident of the fallen firebrand had recalled to the boy's re membrance one evening of long ago, when he and Emmie had sat together chatting merrily (before all this came upon them) and he and she had each playfully striven to be first in pushing back a glowing brand. Never would they so sit together again, with mirth in their hearts and joy before them. Martin did not reason thus in so many words, but be felt and knew it intuitively. 'I'm thinking, Mr. Martin, we'd best let Mrs. Timmins know that you'll wa&t; a bed to night ; sho'll need a half-hour or so. to get ready for you,' interposed the gamekeeper. Martin rose at once.. It was getting late, certainly — half-past 9. He apologised to Mrs. Jennings for staying so long and shook hands with her, while she, with earnest voice, assured him that his dear sister was in the hands of God ; after which he and the game keeper set out for Mrs. Timmins' house. The prreat white moon had risen grandly in a clear sky, and all the landscape was beautified and made fairy-like by its magic beams. 'Where are we going V asked Martin presently. ' Mrs. Timmins lives in one of tbe nice little cottages near Beech-lane, Mr. Martin; not far from the empty eottago,' added be, by way of further explanation. Martin replied care lessly. 'Oh, the empty cottage! Now I know where you mean?1 and then he began to apologise to Jennings for troubling him, of all people. *' But you Bee,' ho explained, 'if I had gone to any of our friends for tbe money I feel sure they would have telegraphed to my father or to the Eton authorities, and I didn t mean to be Btopped.' ' I understand, sir ; and you re heartily wel come to tbe money. 'TisBafe enough with you,* sir, and I don't like you leaving the pins and the watch with me.' Upon which arose a friendly dispute be tween them, ending by Martin resuming pos session of the ohronometer (which might be usef ulto him on his journey), and Jennings retaining custody of the diamond pins. It was next settled that the keeper should be at Mrs. Tnnmins'e]door in ton lightcart from Sir Bertram's stables at half-past 9 next morn ing, and that together they should drive to the next county town, where the gamekeeper had deposited his savings. Thus, all being settled, Martin's heart felt somewhat calmer, or rather the action he had taken had helped him to bear his suspense better. Higher and higher Bailed the moon into the sky and when they crossed the village street in which tbe unpretending little post-office waB situated they saw two persons in the white moonlit road, a young man and it poorly-clad, middle-aged woman. Seemingly they had each alike come there for the purpose of dropping a letter into the box ; but the woman started like a guilty creature and fled out of sight Martin, however, was too muoh taken up at sight of the young man to note what the woman was about ; indeed be was a good deal alarmed and moved quickly- into the deep shadow thrown by a neighboring wall, ' Hallo, Jennings, is that you V said tbe young map. Jennings touched bis cap. ' Yea, sir. I hope you're well, sir V rejoined the gamekeeper. 'Yes, tbauk you, Jennings,' returned Reginald Olford— for was it he—' but I feel as if an undiscovered villain were lurking about our neighborhood and the place is hateful to me. 1 get quite restless with indignation in thinking of that child-stealer, who haB made good his escape it seems. Will he pounce upon someone else's child next rear? Tliat he should go unpunished is monstrous.' ' So it is, Bir ?' roplied Jennings, and though he said no more his tone convinced Reginald that Jennings felt as much as any ! body the loss of little Lord Basil and of poor ! Nixie. I ' Did you know that, woman, Jennings, who 1 seemed about to put a letter into the box as I : came up ?' enquired Reginald. ' Her manner was so odd. She was trembling from head to foot and slunk aw»y without posting anything, as if she was terrified.' 'I suppose all the village folk are more or lose afraid niter Bundown, sir,' replied Jennings. 'These two attempts on Lord Basil and the way Mr. Olford himself was I treated and Nixie's loss has made them all expect something else will happen.' 'That's it, I suppose. Well, good-night, Jennings. I am sorry to hear so sad an account of Miss Emmeline Lawford. Sir Bertram and Lady Lawtord are going out to her, I believe, though they have just arrived in England.' 'So I hear, sir,' Then once more pood-night was exchanged between them and the keeper rejoined Martin, who wae very mucn upses uy cms rencontre. ' Let us make haste to Mrs. Timmins's,' whispered he, 'or I shall QjCfct somebody else who knows me.' ' Wo're just there, sir.' 'Just, there' meant that they would arrive at Mrs. Timmius's house in the course of three minutes— that they could see it from the spot where they were; and that they were con sequently near the empty cottage alluded to above. All at once the keeper and Martin alike came to a sudden standstill. 'Did you hear it, sir?' asked Jeuning in a startled voice. 'Yes I' replied Martin catching his breath, ' and it sounds as if it was spine child iu pain.' ' That's what I think, sir.' ' There it is again,' crifd Martin, much disturbed. ' But where- d'-.e.s the soi;nd coiue from? From the bushes — here, on the right V 'No, Mr. Martin, but from the empty cottasjp, as 1 trtko it. ' 'liui; there is noboiiy in the empiv cottxga — no one has lived Iheru for ihiu iwoivcmoutli past. ' ''There is Bomoone there tonight, though,1' rejoined the gamekeeper, striding across the narrow grass-grown strip of ground which separated them from the deserted dwelling. The moon, striking through a little space over bead, sent a shaft of light into one curtainlees wind and across the carpetless floor — quite bare of furniture — showing the detolate in terior, which had long beeu left to the moths and to dust. ' What a miserable place !' said Martin peeping within. ' Hark, sir,' rejoined the keeper. ' Did you not hear anthing?' ' I thought 1 did — but not a cry.' ' Let me come where you are standiupr, Mr. Martin. I am taller thaii^ou^and can. see in better,' said the keeper. ~~ ''***' Martin immediately shifted his place, and no sooner had Jennings stepped into it than he clutched the buy's arm iu the violence of his agitation, calling out in an awe-stricken tone — ' I Bee something move, Mr. Martin ; and it i6 a little child — there, on the floor, iu that corner.' ' My God !' gasped Martin. ' How can we get in ?' ' I'll 6ee about that, sir.' And with one well-directed blow he smashed a pane of glass, unhasped the rusty fastening, threw up the sash, and was in the room tbe next moment, Martin following. Then they both heard a painful sound — the moan of a little child. The keeper, who always carried a box of Martin alike stood for an instant transfixed by amazement and by strong emotion at the sight before them. Then Martin sprang for ward and raised the child in his arms, crying out in piercing tones, 'Basil ! Basil I' Yes ! There upon the boards of this dis used dwelling, but dressed iu the dainty gar ments which he had worn when so daringly carried away under the very eyes of bis protec tora, crouched the precious heir to the Mar quisate of Airton. The sight pushed aside even Martin's own grief for a moment — he had found Basil ! Buc was the child alive 1 Yes ! yes .' for be moved and he had cried out. But was he in jured ? Was be starved ? ' Basil T gasped Martin, huggine the little fellow in his arms. ' Tate me home ! Oh, tate me home !' re turned Basil, clinging to his deliverer. 'Yes, directly, darling Basil. You shall go back to the castle to grandpapa. But are you hungry, dear?' 'Me only 'ants to go home,' returned Basil, keeping his arms tightly held, round Martin's neck. 'Don't waste no more time, sir. Let's get out of this, said tbe keeper. He vaulted through the window as he spoke, received tbe child in his arms while Martin followed, Basil screaming with fear when Martin relinquished him, and then they made tbe best of their way to the high road. ' How far are we from the castle lodge gates ? Not more than a quarter of a mile, Mr. Martin, are we?' ' Not a step more and there are houses most of the way.' ' Gome on then, sir. Who could have shut the little lord up in such a place? They wereu't men, nor women either, who could do a deed like that.' 'Jennings. I think the child knows me.' ' I'm sure he does, eir. 'Tis to be hoped the old lord won't die of joy, Mr. Martin.' 'Basil,' said Martin to the little boy, who was lying down in his arms like an infant; ' we sbaU soon be at the castle now. Do you know who I am ?' Basil did not answer, but he put his little hand confidingly on Martin's face. 'He knows you, sure enough, sir. Ask him who put him in that place.' 'How did yon get into that house, Basil?' enquired Martin. Hereupon Basil began to cry and Martin had some trouble to soothe him. After this they asked no more questions, but pressed on as fast as they could go. And soon the lodge gates came within sight, and there the keeper told his news in two words, begging the men to accompany them up the avenue. ' Keep olose to mej' cried Martin. ' We cannot see who is lying in wait under these trees.' 'Here you are at home again, dear little Basil,' said Martin with deep feeling as they neared the imposing entrance. 'Pull the bell, loud 1' added he, turning to the keeper. Jennings, who hid a strong band, had obeyed Martin's directions very literally and had rung such a clarion that every one within the castle felt that something unusual had occurred. Was it any tidings of Lord Basil ? For all the thoughts of those at the castle centred round the little lost heir. The price demanded had been paid for bis restoration. Would he, even yet, in some way be restored ? But still no one was prepared to see the child brought home in this way without any prelimi nary notice, and clinging round Martin Law ford's neck, the keeper, Jennings, following into the lofty decorated halL Exclamations, criep, confused questionings succeeded rapidly from the servants, who, one after the other, thronged to the entrance, Basil all the time clinging still more tightly round Martin's neck as if ho feared to be carried off again. ' 1 found him in the empty cottage,' gasped Martin— 'that is Jennings and I found him— twenty minutes ago, and that is all I know. Lord Airton must; be told immediately.' The house steward, who had flown upstairs, was at that moment imparting the news to tbe stricken nobleman. 'My lord, there are good tidings,' began be, in a, voice which tretraj-ed biB emotion. ' You have heard ot Basil ?' returned Lord Airton faintly, overcome with joy and fear. 'Yes, my lord ; safe and well.' ' And he is here. I seo it in your face.' With this the bereaved nobleman Btaprpered to his feet and, guided by the voices in the hall, made for tba entrance. The picture which met his eyes wns that of a tn'oup of agitated servants round Martin Lawford, from whom Basil still resisted all efforts tc bo sepa rated. ' Is that my grandson ?' cried Lord Airton in a piercing tone ; 'and is it, again, you, my brave boy, who have saved him for me?' ' Not I, my lord, more than Jennings. Ho did as mu«h aa I, or more,' paid Martin, indi cating the gamekeeper, who bad stood modestly in the (-ackf,'round. lordship. 'You and 1 will speak together to- { morrow. Btisil, don't you know your grand- j father, ray darling?' Tlien at length tho littlo fellow raised his ! head from Martin's neck and recognising that it was his doting grandfather who spoke to hivn, gave a cry and stretched out his arnae. And then only did tho child appear to realise that he was ;it home again. 'Take Mr. Lawford to the library,' said Lord Airtcn as he carried Cusil upstairs to his grand mother, who bad just been told tho good news by her maid. Aud out into the village aud thence from house to house the tidings flew, whilst those to whom Basil was now so dear were tremblingly asking themselves whether tho boy bo mysteriously given back to them had suffered any harm ? The little fellow was pale and wore the look of a frijjliietifd child, buc otherwise he did not | si-eni iiijiii'i-d. Nor had lie beeu starved or ill— ; trc-alvii. .tad when Bail's nurte, roused by the ; u°v.-s ti :a t her ciip.rgi; dad been brought home, ! ror-e from hpr siuk bod ami tottered into the i nursery, the littlo boy cried out ' Nursie !' and settled in her amis. In a moment, he had been snatched from them and in a moment restored, but the effects of the former cruel deed would lo«ig be felt in the Airton household. | ' Wait for me, Jennings. I'll just hear i what Lord Airton wishes to ask me and then conuj away directly,' said Alartin as iie was about to be conducted to the librarv. But lie was not destined to sleep at Mrs. Tinitnin&'s that night, for when Lord Airlon rejoined him and Martin trying to tell his tale burst into tears, saying that his sister Emmiu was dying and that he was to start by 10 o'clock next morning to bid her farewell, Lord Airton intt/rposed. ' You will stay at the castle, my dear boy, and leave by the 6 o'clock train ; my man will accompany you and see you safe. He always acts aa courier for me.' 'But, my lord, iudeed I can go alone; I will not tax your kindness in this way,'' Btammpred the boy. 'And, in fact, I have to wait for funds till the bank opens. You sec, my lather and mother are abroad and I am following without waiting to write first.' ' I understand ; but, indeed, I shall have' my way this time. My man, Darford, will be your convoy and you will start at 6. Now here are funds — what is this between you and me ?' T-Tfi wni-lr1 nnf lipnr nvmf.bnr nrnfcpsf1. frnm t.Vlft afflicted Martin, who took leave of Jennings at the hall door after hastily explaining matters with much effusion, when the keeper went home, whistling softly (as he always did when much moved) and Martin was conducted to a lofty bed-chamber not at all in the ttyle of Mrs. Timmius's best room. At G next morning he started in company with Davford for the Continent. Chapter XXIV.— At Maeeeillhs, Kvfirvthinc hnins- thus smoothed for him Martin found himself at Marseilles as soon after as it was possible to reach that port, for it is needless to say he and his very useful com panion, Darford, travelled on through the.next nigbt. Some slight breakdown on the railway had necessitated a brief stoppage here, Martin all the time consumed by anxiety to get on to Cannes, where Emmie then was. He took no heed of the unwonted sights which otherwise would have claimed his interest. To reach Emmie, his dying sister, without the loss of a moment was lm heart's cry. 'Will you walk a little way, sir?' asked Darford. ' I am sorry there is not time to conduct you to the grand promenade, which is three miles long, and you would get a view of the sea and of the islands.' 'But we must not risk losing the train,' replied the boy anxiously. 'I will take care that you do not, sir.' Martin, who had sunk upon a seat, now rose and looked about him vaguely, seeing without realising what was around him, because of the nun ihnn-rht always heatinc at his heart, that Emmie was ill, dying, and that be might not be in time to see her ; dying when she might have been well and happy if she had not been separated from Leigh. That was what was killing her; she had not Btrength to go on living now that he was dead, Darford, watching him, noted the sorrow on his face and wishing to change tbe current of the lad's ideas began to make remarks on the peraora near them. 'Ah, sir, this place is as busy a highway as ever iB London Bridge,' said he; ''some coming, others going, all day long.' ' Yes,' replied Martin absently. ''Tis wonderful how many foreigners one meets here,' continued Darford, 'and how many of our countrymen come here. What a mixture of French and English and Arabs there are round us now ; bat the first glance generally tells the Englishman from the foreigner. There is one going borne, I fancy — and— and ? ' Tbe man broke off in so queer a manner that Martin's attention was roused by it and he looked him questioningly in tbe face. 'Do you know him Darford f asked Martin. 'Do you know him, sir V returned Darford in a strangely shaken voice. Martin, as he gazed at the individual whom the valet had pointed crat, shook with some strong emotion. 'It can't be he, Darford?' he whispered hoarsely, clutching the valet by the arm. 'You sit here, Mr. Martin, and let me -go and see.' ' No ! no I for God's sake don't let either of .us lose sight of him !' cried Martin. ' Then come along with me, Bir.' The two made their way through the group near them- towards a shabbily-dressed young man, wbo, apart and wearing the air of an in valid, waa apparently awaiting the train for England. When Martin and his companion got nearer to him, the former grasped Darford's arm, ejaculating faintly, 'Darford,! it must be he r Then with a cry which caused everyone, startled, to look round, Martin sprang for ward, calling out in a piercing voice, ' Leigh 1 Leigh I Are you alive, then T After which he fell back in Darford's arms and lost con sciousness. 'It is you indeed, Mr. Furrowes?' stam mered the valet Leigh almost as much overcome as they, faitered out that it was indeed himself ! 'And they think of me at home as dead, I suppose,' added he. 'I am eorry to say they do, sir. It has been too much for Mr. Martin.' Leigh was helping to support the boy, weak as he was himself, when Martin opened his eyes and, clinging to his friend, called out again — 'Leigh, Leigh, are you alive?' 'You thought it was my ghost, then?' said Leigh, with a faint smila ' Now, we mustn't miss the train for Cannes, sir,' interposed Darsfurd. 'Tho train ! Heavens, Leigh ! I am going to see Emmie. She is very ill with grieving for you. I don't think she cares to live with out you. Oh, Leigh, why didn't you write?' ?'It was impossible,' returned ho in great distress. 'Martin, I must go with you. I must see Emmie.' ' You shall,' cried Marin. 'I don't think they will prevent it now.' And the boy burst anew into tears, which roused to the utmost Leigh's feats about Emmie. Darford again interposed — 'Noir, sir, Mr. Furrowes' unexpected return may do more for the young ladyjhan all the doctors in the world. 1 will steers a ticket or him. Wait here, if you please, till my raluvn.'. Left alone for a few moments Leifjh asked disjointed questions abaufc Emmie — how long she had been ill— whether sho had sent for Martin— aud how it was that Bhe was at Cannes? ' Sho came out with Margaret Thorpeleigh, as she could not recover from the nows that you had been Io3t at sea. Your return may save her yet, Leigh,' pried Martin, a gleam of hope breaking through his misery. 'Oil, Martin ! tupposa that we had not met here.' Thisoverpowenng thought held them speech less, and now they saw the valet again making his way towards them. 'This way, if you please, gentlemen,' said he coniiDg upk and very booh afterwards tbe two friends found themselves speeding towards Cannes in a first-class carriage, Darford having seated himself in another compartment. Leigh and Martiu could now freely ex change confidences, but at first they were un ab.e to convert conuectedly— the thought of Emmie absorbed them. Fast as they Bped on their way they were not a day too soon. Her father and mother had just arrived and the pale, emaciated girl had greeted them iu a feeble murmur, while a few tears, for very weakness, fell down her beautiful face. 'Can nothing be done to save her?' asked her father of the medical man in attendance. 'Nothing short of a miracle can save her. She has lost the spring of life,' replied be, Bliakmg nib head gravely. 'Martin has not written. I should have thought we should havu found a letter to meet us as I mentioned that his sister was ill,' re marked Sir Bertram. Lady Lawford was silent More than once that day she had again wished that Leigh had never gone out to China ; it waB so infinitely end a sight to see her young daughter slipping out of life. She was going bo fast, indeed, tiiat it could not be called certain that eho would be them even a week hence ! (To be continued.) 