SERMON FOR SUNDAY Beautiful Vision, Duty's Call. Bx Rev. Wai/tee Thompson. Preached at the Church of St. Miohaol and All Angels, New Farm, on Ascension Sunday evening, May 30. Ye men of GaUlee, why stand ye gazing up into Heaven ? Uile same Jesus which is taken up from you into Heaven, shall so come in like manner as jne have seen Him go into Heaven.— Aets 1,, ll. I. The words of our text bring beforo our minds a most interesting scone. We can piotnre to oursolves tho eleven disoiplos with upturned faces, gazing while our Lord ascends. They are lost to all cxcopt tho vision of tho most beautiful Life ever lived. Li)co the Queen of Shoba watching the ascent of Solomon up into tho House of the Lord until " there was no more spirit in her," so these mon of old folt drawn in heart and will towurds their ascended Lord. It is a beautiful pioturo of devotion. It oxpressea the con templative side of lifo, whioh the Asiatic derolops and prizes so highly. But soon the spell is broken. There is a rustle of angels' wings, and in a tone of re- monstranco wo oan well believe the words of our text . were uttered. "Why stand ye gazing." " This same Jesus shall so come in like manner." _ How these words would oall out the other side, tho practical side of life ! How they wonld remind them of their Lord's ltuit charge, whioh was to manifest by their activity in preaohing, baptising, and teaohiug their belief in Him. They were to look from the vision , which was so beautiful to the world of men and women ao poor, so cheorloss, so hideous, by reason of sin, which was waiting then as now for strong men with great loving hearts to throw thomsolves into tho work of rolioving tho distress and banishing the ovils of sin ana sorrow wbioh wring with constant pain that world's heart. This was the work their Lord had conscorated for all time by giving up His life on ttbo cros! in order that it might bo accomplished. As we look upon the men guzing on the ono side, to tlio augels remon strating on the other, we find ourselves in the presence of Divinn truth, whioh tells us that visions aro meant to suggest and inspire active duties — that every time our hearts are fired, our iutcllects quickened, tbey are fired and quickened for work. Brethren, was not this always so in our Lord's life f We think of Him besido the waters of the River Jordan, when God the Father spoke from heaven, and God the Holy Ghost came down in the form of a dove ; but directly this lind passed He pressed on to manifest to tho world His mission by entering into tho wilderness to battle aguinst the world, the flesh, and the devil. We think of Him again in glory on the mount of transfiguration ; but directly after eame tbe difficult case of casting out the devil from the lunatic child, whioh His disciples conld not do. We tbirik of Him in the Garden of Getlisemane, when angels came and ministored unto Him, going calmly away from thoir help and sympathy to tho oross on Calvary. Yes, brethren, it is always so. Great thoughts, holy visions, are always as it were shadowed by the " fields white unto harvest." St. Peter had no sooner seen the great vision revealed to him on the housetop, in the great ahoet in whioh were "creeping tilings and fowls of tlio air," whou there was a hurrying sound of footsteps and a kuooking at tho door of his house ; three men from out ' ot tho wldo world had come with a message that he wonld act upon tho vision and oxtend the benefits of Christ's death to thorn. The vision gave him the knowledge, taught him how to not. The appeal of tiio men to a man touched his heart. No work is ooinplote without both knowledge to show us the path, lovo to respond to tho need. II. 1. Lot us bring these thoughts nearer to our own lives, rind see what they mean. Wo may lire in a littlo corner of the world. We may be known to only a few. No one will care to write or read the story of our lives, yet they are full of interest, to tho angels of God. Every life has its vision beautiful. Evory lifo hears the call to duty. Is not this so ? To the boy or girl leaving Bohool, happy in the jiossession of the know ledge they have acquired," comes very soon tho demand of tho world to use what they lmve gained. Again, at. confirmation— that tiino when God's Holy Spirit is givori in greater measure — there oomes the nocd for Sunday school work, guild or ohoir work. Again, at marriage, there rises upi witii tho wurds of the-service visions of holy love and sympathy, and then how soon comes the need in home Hfeforaelf-saorifioing duty, active love. The ypuug olergymau oomes away from the cathedral on his oraina- tion day full of joy and deration, and meditates upon it all in seoret ;' but how soon tho world'B needs oall him away from /'gazing up into heaven " to save the grain whiuh is falling «o fast in "fields white unto harvest." We all stand, then, between tho beautiful aud the practical. And no lifo can be good or great if it will not leave the beautiful vision at tlio ory of tbo noedy soul. But as life advances tho two seem to grow nearer and nearer to each other. One imperfection makes tlio distance between them so great. Wo can. fix the vision beautiful by a true devoliou to duty. A boy or girl finds a joy in using thoir newly-acquired powers at homo, in the Sunday school, or the parish ; the husband finds a true joy ia working for bis family ; tho clergyman is living solely for his people. Do you remember how Long fellow pictures in his poem, "The Legend Beautiful," a man standing like the eleven disciples between a beautiful vision and a call to work, and how he tore himself away, discharged his duty, and found tho .vision still there. . ' " Hadst thou stayed I must have fled, That is what tho vision eaid." 2a. Yot, brethren, when we look routid the world wo find vory many who seem to oare for nouo of thoso things. What is tbo reason of this? Havo they had no visions ? Yes, they huve had their visions. They were all bright und hopeful boys und girls once, but many havo Binned again and again, dulled their sight, and numbed their feelings. The iiBcendod Jesus grows more and more in distinct; the voice of duty loses Us old im perative sound lis sins of the world, the flesh, aud tho devil fold themselves round tho heart, mind, and will. They seem not to oare, but thoy do euro, and when yon try to lead them out of their evil ways tlioy scoff or jeer and break away in anger, beoauno in talking, of the glory of God, the lore of the Saviour, the possibilities of mau in union with God, you have struck' a note that never fails to make the sinner hate his sinfulness, though ho may lsck tlie v/lU and ooursge to loaye U for erer, ' Thst note is the saddest man ever hears. . It is "what might hare been." 2ri.. Others there are whom we do not actually oall siuncrs, though wo know they are — I mean the dreamers— tne people who nover do aiijrthing practical. Wo ail know tliom. Perlnips we have thorn on out; list of friends. They nre always telling us what they are going to do, and every time wo meet them wo find they have a new idea, und they grow oldor and older und we notice with Borrow thoir faces grow paler and sadder, and then they go away to tho other land, but thoy go omptyhanded. Tlioy havo only dreamed their life .away — nothing more. 3\. Aguin, there uro others who go to work beforo tlio usoension of their Lord has bosn wpll studied. They do not wait for visions. Liko Ahimoaz thoy ruu, but when they como to the King thoy can do nothing, for ther havo no tidings ready and must wait till Onshi oomes. Do you not all know the kind of people I inouu ? Autivo mon und women there aro who try to work, but have no power — good naturcd, anxious to holp tho world, .but ouly become busybodies. In time their faoes, too, grow sud ut their powerless- licss, then hard by disappointment. Thoy feel thoy havo really tried and failed, and then pessimism claims then us victims. . 4. AU this is very Bad, but wo aro not loft without help. The collect for to-d»y — tho Sunday after Ascension— tells us where true holp may he found. In the colloot wo pray, " 8end to us Tliiuo Holy Ghost to comfort' us, aud exalt us unto tbe same plnoo whither Our Saviour Christ has gonb beforo." The Holy Spirit keeps alive in the world all those fucts of Our Lord's life, all that firo of lore and devotion whieh were in tho hearts of the disciples as they watched Him ascend. It Ib tho power of the Holy Spirit whioh pierces through tlio hard crust of sin and worldliness in whioh mon liavo wrapped thorn- selves. When this crust of sin » brokon up, I and uiau's bottorjjuuturo manifest itself, and the whole man turns from his evil ways, we say it is a ease of true conversion. "Whether it happens suddenly, as in tho case of St. Paul, or by degrees, " first the blade, then the ear, then tho full oorn in the car," the faot remains there is this spiritual force now energising m tho world, and when we see the hardened sumer spring back from his sins m horror, tho idle dreamer strike out into in telligent activity, tho materialistic busybody own that not only by bis own power, but by co-operation with the Spirit of God, is true work done, then wo feel we are face to face with moral miracles. Then we cau say there is hope for all. III. Standing then ns we do to-night, between the festivals of tho ascension of our Lord and the desoent of tho Holy Spirit on Whitsunday, let us tako tho words of to- day s collect and pray them with all our might that throughout the parish, the city, the wbolo land, there may be an inoreose of true Godliness. Pray that thoso hundreds of men and women who, with sad, tear-stained faces, pnss you in tho streot, may bo made alive unto God as tho throe thousand mon wore on tho first Whitsunday. Pray that wo all may lend ourselves to the Holv Spirit's guidance and so embrace tho opportunities God sends us. "Show Thy servants Thy work, and their ohildren Thy glory." Amen 