LETTEB fKOH Elfcf. v Mx DEAB CftUiDBEN-r-M1 it isthe first letter!' hate ftddr^Bsed' -jbo ^ou smce the ; mejbo Jawe somethingto sayjaboutollithe grand doings^aad bat loir •irtfrb's*6ad6ttii^I! good example ift. mariy fhihgs,~teid, who knowB. but that^or^ear of having herhead cat off forgoing: it,, she mjgbtreyettepme day Lave'embrac^-tlm,^ ,, Biitwe wUl' l^veaUtnese mattters to stitesmenand politicians faaid l$t me pro ceed with my two reasons." The ' firsts 18H thatl l) fete:many of: my nephews and : nieces are still; . engaged in tayiiagto digest" the JubileebUhs aid cakes, andl do not wish to increase their miseries by giving them -mental Jii^ilee indigestion as well To. be brief, it is like the little boy in the ppem when he' brought to his grandfather, bid Kaspar, the kkbll which he had found in the oldbattlefieldrof Blenheim, abd asked to know all abbfrt it. His grandfather, ■who did not "know1 all the rights and wrongs of it himself; only answered that everybody saidit was a famous victory." And, so, of the Jubilee there is one thing you may be sure we are safe to say, and that id that it was a great and glorious affair altogether. The second reason is , that while this great and. glorious Jubilee business of earth has been jgomg on, I have been longing to tell you of, what I may, call, the glory of heaven, for it would seem as if a little bit of heaven had come down to earth the other day in the beautiful and impressive ceremony of the ordination of our new priest, Father Adamson. I said to you some time ago that there were three things I thought you would all like—the first kiss of a newly baptised infant, to assist at a priest's first mass, and to receive the first blessing of a newly Consecrated bishop. • But- now, indeed, I think I must add a fourth—to witness the touching and solemn ceremony of ordination. I cannot; begin to give you all particu lars about it, the limits of my letter would not permit of it, but be quite sure you read the account of it given elsewhere in the paper. I only wish that all the fathers and mothers of my nephews had been present, for IamBure their hearts would have burned withih them, and one prayer they would ever afterwards have prayed, that their son might one day re ceive the grace of such a call. To see the laying on of hands and the loving salutation of all his brother priests was solemn and touching—brothers in arms, as we may call them, though their arms are ..not of this world, for their war fare is against, sin, and their trophies of wte. are the souls of men, while their armor, like Sir Galahad's in the story, is only the armour of a pure heart. There are - some lines by the poet Long fellow which describe very beautifully an ordination. " Within this temple Christ again unseen Those sacred;words has said, And his invisible hands to-day have been Laid on a youhg man's head. And evermore beside him on his way The unseen Christ shall move, That he may lean upon his arm, and say Dost thou, dear Lord, approve." If such beautiful words may be used to. that which is butthe empty semblance of the priestly office, what words will express the spiritual beauty of the true ordination. It was a pretty sight to see, at the conclusion of the ceremony, the people, young and old, go to the altar and kiss the hands of the newly-ordained priest, and gladly did they avail themselves of this privilege. 0! pure and holy hands of a priest! Have you ever thought, dear children, of all those hands do for you from the day that, as a tiny babe, they poured the cleansing waters of baptismover you, and made yon a child of God, until the day when sick and ill y6u receive the last anointing. I could fill our whole column in telling you all those blessed hands do for ub. Tou, no doubt, have heard the story of the . saint who said, were she to meet a priest and an angel, she would first salute the priest. It is good for us to remember the reverence that is due to the holy ministers of God, and it is not because we may know-them well, or per haps see them frequently, of because they are/kind and affable and gentle to us that we must ever forget the sacredness of their character, and the love and reverence we mnst have for them. But I hardly think my little nephews and nieces are likely to forget euqh things. I have heard it said, dears, that all, or nearly hll, our priests and nuns have to he imported, because the young Australians are not built much in the shape of priests and xnWB. Is this so ? Surely not. : I iyofuld like you all to read a little book called" Beapeis for the harvest," it has so many good and -wise things to say about being : priests, and about religious' vocations generally. Yon can easily get it, for it only costs one penny, and it is written by one of our, best Catholic writers, himself a $ffieet.' It-'- is "true that here in Australia wC 'would be all the better of a great many more priests; not only because those we already'have are so much worked, but also becauseso-much more good might be* done. Wben I read some of my countrynephews and piece?' letters, in which they tell me how seldom they are able to hear Mass, it makes me Ba4, and l say ;. ^fell, I must tell my nepheys to hurry, up and grow big and become priests theiiipjBlves..: Now, do you think I,would be wrong," should I say that some little- 'nephew will Aay in his heart when%eJjfdadedthis letter:^ "I would like to bera- tpfiest." Sow is he to get to; be onej^thoughi thatis the ques <ioh>f; JW^W first lbflalli ir het is a wisp little "hoy*? be : ;yrHl ^rw affobdibig!hit to the $I61y GhoBt-Htjhe 3Ip|y Ghost isastjroiig erhaps, after tbatif he prayed |fco,Sfc. Matthew, the apostle. St. Mathew is grAttd' for vacations, an'ji there arratf&fe; more" saints who are just ■ wonderful> f6Sr bringing about these things: If any df my nephews and nieces know any rich old lady or gentJemHn, ^OU-can gently remind them that by leaving some of their fortune to educate and train boyB for the priest hood, they: will go to the root of all go6d .works. , ■ : For every good work begins with a priest fpr a fornication in the first place. I do not know if you have heard of the apostolic schools. . Jf you read your little Sacred Heart Messenger, for this month of July, y6n Will see a nice little story on that sub ject, and; gain also some information; fdr yourselves. But I must refet you again to the little penny booki " Reapers for the harvest." It will tell you a'great deal that you will like to know. I am kept going with mottoes, but, dear me, I have not half as many as I want. Do yon wish me. to think yon are lazy or stupid. Before this month is out, I want two hundred mottoes. That will be about one for each of yon. I would not like to say what might hap pen if you do not send me more in future. I cannot have idle members. Rose Conway, from Quorn, is very wel come. I hope the great event for which you are preparing will come off all right', that you will, in short, make a "stunning confession," to quote my friend Tom Play fair. Niece Rose must try and get some new members for our Club. Niece Jo, Adelaide, has written a dear, tiny, little letter, just as little as her name, Jo. Thanks, dear, for the very nice motto; The month of June is now over, but we must treasure the memory of it, and of all the graces it brings. Nephew Willie Oason is just a right down dependable sort of a nephew. I ap point you correspondent-in-chief for Good wood. Thanks for your donation; all the more acceptable, as donations are rather scarce just now. But let us hope with a return of better times my nephews and nieces will have some'pennies to spare again. • Here comes a dear little niece and a loving and affectionate little sister as well; I do, indeed, hope your dear sijster Tessie is quite recovered again. I must have Dotty and Eileen as soon as ever they can write to Aunt Eily. Niece Florrie Roche, a new member from Goodwood, is very welcome. I am much pleased to have a little niece from Good wood. Goodwood ought to supply a great many nephews and nieces, because they should feel more interested in the dear orphans, being so near tnem and seeing them at church. Thanks, dear * niece, for your contribu tion. With love, AUNT EILY. Aunt- Eily acknowledges :—Niece Ger trude, Mintaro, 3s.; Eosey Laikin, Booleroo Centre, .£1 4s. 