The Golden Butterfly. A NOVEL, PROLOGUE. II. —(Continued.) BY WALTER BESANT AND JAMES RICE 4 Everything gene but the fixin's,' he sighed. ( There used to be good beds, where there wasn't more'n two at once in them; and there used to be such a crowd arornd this bar as you would not find nearer'n St. Louis City.' * Hush !' said Jack, holding up his hands. There were steps. Mr. Beck pricked his ears. ' Chinamen, likely. If there's a row, gentlemen, give me something, if it's only a toothpick, to chime in with. But that's not a Chinese step; that's an Englishman's. He wears boots, but they are not miner's boots; he walks firm and slow, like all Englishmen ; he is not in a hurry, like our folk. And who but an Englishman would be found staying behind in the Empire City when it's gone to pot ?' The footsteps came down the stairs. ( Most unhandsome of a ghost,' said the younger man, 'to walk before midnight.' The producer of the footsteps appeared ' Told you he was an Englishman !' cried Mr. Beck. Indeed, there was no mistaking the nationality of the man, in spite of his dress, which was cosmopolitan. He wore boots, but not, as the quick ear of the Ameiican told him, the great boots of the miner; he had on a flannel shirt with rtd-silk belt; he wore a sort of blanket thrown back from his shoulders ; and he had a broad felt hat. Of course he carries arms, but they were not visible. He was a man of middle height, with clear blue eyes ; the perfect complexion of an Englishman of good stock and in perfect health ; a brown beard, long and rather curly, streaked' with here and there a grey hair; square and clear-cut nostrils; and a mouth which, though not much of it was visible, looked as if it would easily smile, might readily become tender, and would certainly find it difficult to be stern. He might be any age, from five and thirty to five and forty. The greasers fell back and grouped about the door. The question.* which might be raised had no interest for them. The two leaders stood together; and Mr Gilead P. Beck, rolling an empty keg to their side, turned it up, and sat down with the air of a judge, looking from one party to another. ' Englishmen, I see,' said the stranger. 'Ye-yes,' said Ladds, as Mr Beck expected, immediately holding out his hand for the stranger to grasp. 1 You have probably lost your way ?' ' Been hunting. Working round— San Francisco. Followed track; accident ; got here. Your hotel, perhaps ? Fine situation, but lonely.' * Not a ghost, then,' murmured the other, with a look of temporary disappointment. 'if you will come upstairs to my quarters, I may be able to make you comfortable for the night. Your party will accommodate themselves without our help.' He referred to the greasers, who had already begun their prepaiations for spending a happy night. When he led the way up the stairs, he was followed, not only by the two gentlemen he had invited, but also by the ragamuffin hunter, miner, or adventurer, and by the valet, who conceived it his duty to follow his master. He lived, this hermit, in one of the small bed-rooms of the hotel, which he had converted into a sitting-room. It contained a single rocking-chair and a table. There was also a shelf, which served for a sideboard, and a curtain under the shelf, which acted as a cupboard, 'You see my den,' he said. 'I came here a year or so ago by accident, like yourselves I found the place deserted. I liked die solitude, |he scenery, whatever you like, and I Mayedhere. You are the only visitors I hAVelhaxl for a year.' 'Chinamen?' said Mr. Gilead P. Beck. 4 Well, Chinamen, of course, l»ui only two of them. They take turns, at forty dollars a month, to cook my dinners. And there is a half-caste, who does not mind runnn g down to Sacremento when I want anything. And so, you see, I make out pretty well.' He opened the window, and blew a whistle. In two minutes a Chinaman came tumbling up the stairs. His inscrutable face expressed all the conflicting passions of humanity at once—ambition, vanity, self-respcct, humor, satire, avarice, resignation, patience, revenge, meekness, long suffering, remembrance, and a thousand others. No Aryan comes within a hundred mi'es of it. ' Dinner as soon as you can,' said his master. ' Ayah ! can do,'replied the Celestial. ' What time you wantchee ?' 'As soon as you can. Half an hour.' ' Can do. My no liave got cullypowder. Have makee finish. Have got?' ' Look for some; make Achow help.' ' How ? No, b long his pidgin. He no helpee. B'iong my pidgin makee cook chow chow. Ayah ! Achow have go makee cheat over Mexican man. Makee play cards all same euchre.' In fact, on looking out of the window, the other Celestial was clearly visible, manipulating a pack of cards and apparently inviting the Mexicans to a friendly game, in which there could be no deception. Then Ladds' conscience smote him. 'Beg pardon. Should have seen Made remark about hotel. Apologise.' ' He means,' said the other, ' that he was a terrible great fool not lo see that you are a gentleman.' Ladds nodded 'Let me introduce our party,' the speaker went on. ' This is our esteemed friend Mr. Gilead P. Beck, whom we caught in a bear hunt' 4 Bar behind,' said Mr. Beck. 'This is Captain Ladds, of the 35th Dragoons.' ' Ladds,' said Ladds. 4 Nibs, cocoanibs—pure aroma—best breakfastdigester—blessing to mothers—perfect fragrance.' ' His name is Ladd; and he wishes to communicate to you the fact that he is the son of the man who made an immense fortune—immense, Tommy?' Ladds nodded. " By a crafty compound known as ' Ladds' Patent Anti-Oyspeptic Cocoa' This is Ladd's servant, Jotin Bolmer, the best servant who ever put his leg across pig-skin ; and my name is Roland Dunquerque People generally call me Jack ; I don't know why, but they do." Their host bowed to each, including the servant, who colored with pleasure at Jack's description of him ; but he shook hands with L rids ' One of ours,'he ^ .id. 'My name is Lawrence Colqui.uun. I sold out before you joined I came here, as you see. And—now, gentlemen, I think 1 hear the first sounds of dinner. Bolmer—you will allow me, Ladds ? you will find claret and champagne behind that curtain. Pardon a hermit's fare. I think ih« y have lai.l out such a table as the wild-.mess; can boast of in the next room.' The dinner was not altogether what a man might order at the Junior United, but it was good. There was venison, there was a curry, there was some mountain quail, there was claret, and there was champagne—both good, especially the claret. Then there was the coffee. The Honourable Roland Dunquerque, whom we will call in future, what everybody always called him, Jack, ate and drank like Friar John. The keen mountain air multiplied his normal twist by ten. Mr. Gilead P. Beck, who sat down to dinner perfectly unabashed by his rags, was good . as a trencherman, but many plates j behind the young Englishman. Mr. Lawrence Colquhoun, their host, went on talking almost as if they were in London, only now and th^n he found himself behind the world. Jt was his ignorance of the last Derby, the allusion to an old and half-forgotten story, perhaps his use of little phrases—not slang phrases, but those delicatelyslia Inil terms which imply knowledge or current thi« g»—which showed him to have been out of London and Paris for more than one season. * Four years,' he said, ' since I left England' ' But you will come back to it again ?' ' I think not.' 4 Better,' said Jack, whose face was a little flushed with the wine. 4 Much better. Robinson Crusoe always wanted to get home again. So did Selkirk. So did Philip Quarles.' Then the host produced cigars. Liter on brandy and water. The brandy and water made Mr Gilead P. Beck, who found himself a good deal crowded out of the conversation, insist on having his share. He placed his square box on the table, and loosed the straps. ' Let me tell you,' he said, ' the story of my Luck. I was in Sonora City,' he began, patting his box affectionately, 'after the worst three months I ever had; and I went around trying to borrow a few dollars I got no dollars, but I got free drinks—so many free drinks, that at last I lay down in the street and went to sleep. Well, gentlemen, I suppose I walked in that slumber of mine, for when I woke up I was lying a mile outside the town. I also entertained angels unawares, for at my head there sat an Indian woman. She was as wrinkled an old squaw as ever shrieked at a buryin'. But she took an interest in me. She took that amount of interest in me that she told me she knew of gold. And then she led me by the hand, gentlemen, that aged and affectionate old squaw, to a place not far from the roadside ; and there, lying between two rocks, and hidden in the chaparelle, glittering in the light, was this bauble.' He tapped his box. ' I did not want to be told to take it. I wrapped it in my handkerchief and carried it in my hand Then she led me back to the road again. ' Bad luck you will have,' she said ; ' but it will lead to good luck so long as that is not broken, sold, given away, or lost.' Then bhe left me, and here it is.' He opened the little box. There was nothing to be seen but a trass of white wool. ' Bid luck I haoe had. Look at me, gentlemen. Adaoi was not more des titute when the garden-gates were shut on him. But the good will come, somehow.' He removed the wool, and, behold, a miracle of nature ! Two thin plates of gold delicately wrought in lines and curious chasing, like the pattern of a butterfly's wing, and of the exact shape, but twice as large. They were poised at the angle, always the same, at which the insect balances itself about a flower. They were set in a small piece of quaintly-marked quartz, which represented the body. ' A golden butteifly,' said Mr. Beck. 'No goldsmith made this butterfly. It came from Nature's workshop. It is my Luck.* ' And if tho. butterfly fall and break. Farewell the Luck of Gilead Beck,' said Jack. ' Thank you, sir. That's very neat. I'll take that, sir, if you will allow me, for my motto, unless you" want it for yourself.' 'No,' said Jack, 'I have one already.' ' If this golden butterfly fall and bre ik. Farewell the luck of Gilead^ I'. Eeek,' repeated the owner of the insect. ' If you are going on, gentlemen, to San Francisco, I hope you will take me with you.' 'Colquhoun,' said Ladds, 'you do not mean to stay here by yourself? Much better come with us, unless, of course ' Lying on the table was a piece of an old newspaper in which Jack had wrapped something. Ladds saw Colquhoun mechanically take up the paper, read it, and change colour. Then he looked straight before him, seeing nothing, and Ladds stopped speaking. Then he smiled in a strange far-off way. * I think I will go with you,' he said. * Hear, hear! J cried Jack. ' Selkirk a returns to the sound of the churchgoing belL' Ladds refrained from looking at th& paper in starch ol things which did. <101 concern himself, but he perceived that Cjlquhoun had, like Hamlet, seen Something. There nas, 111 fact, an announcement in the fragment which, greatly interested Lawrence Colqu houn: * On April 3, by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Turk's Wand, at St. George's Hanover Square, Gabriel Cassilis, of, etc, to Vic tori 1, daughter of the late Admiral Sir Benbow Pengelley, K.C.B.' In the morning they started, Mr. Beck being provided with a new rigout, of a rough and useful kind. At the last moment one of the Chinamen, Leeching, the cook, be sought from his late master, as a parting favor and for the purpose of selfprotection, the gift of a pistol, powder, and bali. Mr. Colquhoun gave them to him, thinking it a small thing thing after two years of faithful service. Then Leeching, after loading his pistol, went to work with his comrade for an hour or so. Presently, Achow' being on his knees in the shingle, the perfidious Leeching suddenly cocked his oistol, and fired it into Achow's right ear, so that he fell dead. By this lucky accident Leeching became sole possessor of the little pile of gold which he and the defunct Achow had scraped together and* placed in a cache. He proceeded to unearth this treasure, put together his little belongings,, and started on the road to San Francisco with a smile of satisfaction. There was a place in the windings of the road where there was a steep bank. By the worst luck in the world a stone slipped and fell is Leeching passed by. The stone, by itself, would not have mattered much, as it did not fall on Leeching's head ; but with it fell a rattlesnake, who was sleeping in the warmth of the sun. Nothing annoys a rattlesnake more: than to be disturbed m his sleep With angry mind he awoke, looked around, and saw the Chinaman. Illogically connecting him with the fall of the the stone, he made for him, and, before poor Leeching knew there was a rattlesnake anywhere near hiiu, bit him in the calf. Leeching sat down on the bank and realised the position. Being a fatalist, he did not murmur; having no conscience, he did not fear; having no faith, he did not hope; having very little time, he made no testamentary dispositions. In point of fact, he speedily curled up his legs and died. Then the deserted Empire City was deserted indeed, for there was not even a Chinaman left in it. CHAPTER I. JOSEPH AND HIS BRETHREN. The largest and most solid of all the substantial houses in Carnarvon Squire, Bloomsbury, is Number Fifteen, which, by reason of its corner position (Mulgrave Street intersecting it at right angles at this point), has been enabled to btretch itself out at the bae'e. It is a house which a man who wanted to convey the idea of a solid income without ostentation or attempt at fashion would find the very thing to assist his purpose. The ladies of such a house would not desire to belong to the world farther west; they would respect the Church, law, and medicine; they would look on the City with favourable eyes when it was represented by a partner in an old firm ; they would have sound notions of material comfort ; they would read solid book 4 ;, and would fake their pleasure calmly. One always, somehow, in looking at a house, wonders first of what sort its women are. There were, however, no women at Number Fifteen at all, except the maids. Its occupants consisted of three brothers, all unmarried. They were named respectively Cornelius Humphrey, and Joseph Jagenal. Cornelius and Humphrey were twins. Joseph was their junior by ten years. Cornelius and Humphrey were fifty— Joseph was forty. People who did not know this thought that Justph was fifty his brethren forty. {To be Continued) 