BY THE BANKS OF THE THAMES AYe twisted the chain of our punt rounci a projecting angle of bare root, and lay by for lunch bo nenth the spreading shade of a big beech tree—patuloe sub tegmiue fagi. The sky was painted a brilliant ultra marine, with wisps of flake white just forming and dissolving upon it. Swallows skimmed the calm surface of the river, in long low curves, turning now and again to show the metallic stoel-bluo of their burnished hacks, or the lighter plumage of their downj' breast, as they rose on the wing after just touching the water. AVo sat among the mirrored trees and ate our potted meats very silently. By and by a small woodpecker, arrayed in a coat of many colors, iridescent in sheen, crept round the bole of the beech, and began running briskly up and down the trunk, as is his wont, picking insects with quick darts as he went from the crannies of the hark, or the angles between the stem and the ivy, that encircled it. The rapidity of his movoments and the certainty of his foothold on tlio smooth perpendicular surface, de lighted us as it always doos. Shortly after, again, a wator-vole stole out from his tunnel in the bank, closo to the spot where we had fastened our chain, and began to nibble noise lessly at a crust of bread which we had happened to throw landward. Every now and again, for no particular reason that wo could discover, momentary panic overcame him, and ho glided ghost-liko hack to his hole, without moving a blade of grass as he passed -through tho mimic thicket. But after a minute's pause we could see the inquisitive little brown snout protruded once more, soon followed by two keen eyes and a s'mooth furred body. Nest instant our friend was back at tho tempting - feast, nibbling for all he was worth, and casting furtive eyes towards tho pair of big intruders who had brought so much wealth with them to his hungry neigh borhood. It was a typical riverside scone. The Quarry AVoods. sloped down to tho Thames on one side ; on the other lay an eyot, fringed with rush on the water's edge, and rising steep above into dense masses of white hemlock and purple loosestrife. On a Sunday, when Thames blossoms with blazers and summer frocks, you would Liavo seen little or none of this native wild life; the water-voles and thecoots retire, abashed, from that orgy of town hubbub let suddenly loose upon them. But this was a Wednes day : and the wild things had re covered fromtheir Sabbath terror—-no Sabbath to them, but a recurrent in vasion of uncouth beasts from land ward. A kingfisher hovered hawk like ovor his stream for a while—a rare habit.of the kind—then darted with unerring aim on the small roach he had marked for himself. A moor hen steered close to us with her un. seen paddles, and, when wo moved to observe, dived abruptly under tbo punt. Bluo dra'gonflie3 flashed in tho sunlight and1 vanished. But most <^Jp2dnb,us7>f'.talLthingsln tho river .s"offin'g''"'woro'tbo pollard willows. !Sot,hen»Uful in themselves people tell Jfnow. I accopt <0ahnLjis symbois-yoi ^Oxford and the so bound up in asso'ciiKio'n^tei±&-tKo joys of .the rivor and undergraduate days that I can not really say whether I love; them for themselves, or for the memories they enfold, for 7 me.— -Mr Grant Allen, in " Longman's Magazine,' A Jndv named Sirs . »Tustina. Beatrices Forsyth, aged o4, who has jnstdiod from the drink crave iu London, previous io being divorced, was known us a Scottish beauty, and hndbeen tonsted - as {> the prettiest lady in Scotland." 