etiXftKgffit. . . . . . . — Htronku. . i Mb, *. -^t JPI.ABICB, and Aisi mother, having made their , pjw iotel-teepfag ,aj. Zeehan, retire from active biz. . We an getting on. Manapouri made hr first frrip to the West Coast this week aad all weat swimmingly, i A. I. OluUkk : 'The curtailment of the Cnlvendty Tote will t&at; the moral and intellectu-rirrwth''bf Me rising genera-' tion.' Hen, neir I BraVo ! Morality and intellect are tender plants which absolutely , refuse to grow except in the University. ' And what » grand crop we grow then 1 For instance — —well, xeadern cau supply their own Instances ; they are numerous . enough. . , . , Tub inscription! in the Cue (W.A.) cemetery, says Curator Norton, show that the vast majority of those who have died in that ?unstruok region vwreyonng fellows. To Mad the ages— here a boy of 17, next a younjj man of 24, another 32, three together il, seven in a row, the youngest 18, the eldest 88, and so on and so on— constitutes a pojfetfnlly jjiatfietio picture of early manhood's iaorifioe to gold. Certain members of the Early Clos ing Association were anxious to put an employer into the presidential chair. One , of Uie ratty advocates of patronage said: ' 'Such a president, would give tone to the association. They were ' only assistant* themselves therefore they did not lend dignity to the position.' When the question was pnt, although a few dotty mtle things voted for the boss, all the women, bnt one dear hesitating creacha w, voted an emphatic No. Looks as if the Ah editor informed his readers that la diet always pull off the left stocking last. This, as may be supposed, created some little stir amongst bis lair readers ; and while in positive terms they denied the state ment, they at the same time declared that he had no business to know it, even if such was the fact,and pronounced him no gentle man. He proved it, however, by a short argument : -? When one stocking ii pulled off first, there is another left on, and pull ing off this is taking ot the left stocking bit,' Another chestnut. rinoBBALD Bbos. recently gave a 'sa- cred circus ' in ons of the Westralian town ships Fact! Carl Hertt also gave a sa crea conjuring and cinematographic show at Ealgoorlie on a Sunday In August,, when the great Biblical illusion, ?' Noah's Ark, ' was presented. Admission was by collec tion, 6s and 3s, and there was as overflow, ing audience. ' Biblical illusion I ' There's something in a name after all I — Biisbane BroBTSHAir. 0kb way of obtaining an encore at a sountry concert. The daughter of the local sky pilot being much disappointed at hex reception, particularly by tiro rude bore who kept on their hats, refused to sing anything at all -so therel After a little persuasion she was, however, in duced to appear, and a couple of benevo lent old ladies having in the meantima worked np a knot of small boys to the necessary condition of enthusiasm under promise of a huge parcel of lollies, the reception she received, if not absolutely stormy, was quite enough to make her feel proud of her vocal powers ever since. Thb Hobart drapers' and grocers' as sistants, after working to a late huur on Monday nuht, failed to introduce any thing specially new into the elements of their labor organisation, other than a change of name As the Early Closing Association it is hoped to oiganise but chers, bakers, barbers, etc. — and all by the magic of the name. No activity was foreshadowed and the newly elected com mittee are apparently to jog along in the old groove, running excursions, amateur theatricals, and concert*, onW drawincr the line on the vulgar thrupenoe. Mean while the Democratic League and its re presenrative, Mr. Ronald Smith, may get the Shop Assistants and Factory Act through Parliament— if they have luck. WHEN Simple Smith expected the bailiff he sent his family to a neighbor's and got ready. H- met the bailiff in the passage and smilingly appeared' to accept the in evitable. » Please step thiB wiay.' be Baid. The bailiff .stepped— iu to a bare room, and Simple Smith closed the door and smartly locked it on the outside. The man in poi eession kicked the door savagely, but was reminded by Simple Smith that he mnst not damage property. Then the window. It looked out on a high blank wall, aud the ground was fourteen feet below. No show that way. A parley with Simple Smith elicited nothing encou. aging. The builiff's boy fetched his father's dinner. Simple Smith took charge of it. He also ate it. He scored three good meals before the bailiff decided to chance a drop from the window. He dropped, and had to be taken away jn a cart, He didn't return for a week oi more. Simple Smith had left. ; ? -?? For purely financial reanons proroga tion ,s Wto beat adjournment at She finish of the session. fHoB«,^ .Mpnjpipal eleotion: Hiddle stone 2082, Henry 1805, Johnson 1668, «r£tn i*50' Dillon Ui7- SmaHhorn 762\. The firstthres are elected itwo new men with the Jhe ohronio Hiddlestone. Dillon stands down for a spell, An 'up-to-date heading for a mining column and an improvement on the ol- flotsam and jetsam . FloaUome and Get svme. Do, worn, it? Fbou a Klondike hotel tariff list as to meals: 'With beans 26dols, without beans lBdols.1 How curiously opposite to Tasmania! Those without beans in this enljghtened,countr,y have always to pay deareBt for their meals, for hash moulders, especially in Hobart, are pain fully shy of the credit BVKtom DnK in a country like Klondike everybody s oredit is as good as gold. These things make a difference. Tim proposal of Mr A, Morton, for the Tssmanian Improvement Association to build an esplanade along the water front age from the powder jetty to Cornelian Bay, is one which if taken seriously in hand and brought to a practical issue, should prove a moBt useful as well as an ornamental work. Tnere is one objection, however— the use of prison labor. At a time when we have the ory of the aged unemployed ringing in our ears there seems to be the greatest trouble in the world to fin'd a few pounds to keep them afloat, and with the cheap prisoner al ways on band so must their condition become hopelessly worse. W«AT a tragic Btory is that of the drowning of Captain Driscoll and his mate of the Esther I At four o'clock on Sunday morniug they fell ovei board between Waterhouse Island and Cape Portland and had each other by the throat. The little vessel left in charge of the lad skipped along before' a northerly breeze and tnougb the little oraft was put about she could not reach the swimmers who for an h»ur and a half swam together till, exhausted at last, Davj Jones called them in. The lad's conduct (not one paper has yet called him by name), in doing his best to save his master and mate and by bringing the craft safely to anchor at Swan Island, deserves to be handsomely rewarded. SOAMANDEE, the place where tall fish yarns come from, is famous also for a voracious little pest of the grub kind. This tiny marauder goes about chew ing up barns and fences and any stray visitor that may come along. The Exam i neb's correspondent says ' I have just been informed that the grubs have eaten every blade of grass iu some of Mr Steel'* paddocke, and left them e.s bare as a ploughed field. Thev have also rut.pn several wattle trees along the road, and left only the bare slicks standing.' The prestage of Longford for curiosities in nature is threatened. An analysis of the Municipal voting on Thursday beautifully shows up the ini quitous power of the seven-barrelled pro perty vote. Such a franchise as Hobart has doeB not exist in any other English speaking community. For this we must thank the activity of A. I. Clark and Brother Gorge and the somnolence of an undemocratic House of Parliament. One of Thursday's unsuccessful can didates is an apostle of Thrift, Though not a teetotaller he seldom goss near an hotel. Tat directly he was nominated he made for a well-known pub, and be fore he got fairly inside the door, asked, ' What are all you gentlemen going to have ?' The half-dosen city men in the bar were so astounded that they couldn't speak. They just winked at the land lord, said ' Heron luok,' in an amazed whisper, solemiy watched the candidate settle the score, pocket his changn, and bustle off down the street. The land lord explained an election was coming on. Then the company saw the cat. These things do make a difference. Taming of war and rumors of war reminds us of a certain dashing Northern officer who some year* ago. after making pretty certain that h'.s life would bo safe, was persuaded by a couple of bro ther officers to look at the uhell practice from the observation place near the tar gets. After a few shells hud been fired one of the officers, a bit of a wag, at the moment when a shell struck the target and exploded, shied some loose dirt at the dashing militaire. The effect was instantaneous Down he went on all fours and carefully creeping along in a trench running from the observation place to the rear he managed to save his carcass, as he thonght.f rom being messed up generally. He looked as white as a ghost and nothing would induce him to visit that observation place again dur ing shell practice1 I had a narrow shave once and I aint going to risk my life again,' he would say. T*« regeneration oi Laonoestohl was much in evidence at the' teoent' school examinations held at the Albert Hall. Some of th» wildest of the joung sparks almost drove the old examiner balmy by the torture they inflioted on some squealing toyfigures that they had armed themselves with and when Bonool was out they had a battle royal with the girls and created such a pandemonium that a big policeman had to oharge the mob and with his paddle-like fin made the suburbs of Rome of the fattest' boys tingle as if a nest of bumble bees had been disturbed in their pants. Stranoe midnight sounds lately disturbed a West End lady's slumber. With her mind full of burglars she lay still and listened. A window was beine cautiously opened and through the par' titions oame a noise as of something ohoking, Being a brave woman she slipped out of bad and grasped the noker. Softly she opened the back door and stole swiftly along the verandah towards the strange disturbance. Just as she arrived opposite the window of her Bon'B room something heavy and soft struck her shoulder and bounced off into the yard with a hoarse blood curdling scream. Bravely but aimlessly the lady lashed about her with the poker and most suc cessfully managed to hit nothing but a milk can which stood near. Then she stopped for brenth and heard her son growl as he crept again under the bed olothes: 'The next time that bantam roosts on mr bedpost I'll wring the little blodky's neck.' 