The Federal Convention. THE RESUMED DEBATE. A MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. . At yesterday's sitting of the Convention tha President announced that he had re ceived a message through the Secretary of State for the Colonies and the Governor, from the Queen. The message was read while the members of the Convention re mained standing. It was as follows : ' I have received her Majesty's command de siring me to acquaint the Federal Conven tion that she takes special interest in their proceedings, and hopes that under Divine guidance their labors will reBult in prac tical benefit to Australia, and I desire to add my own cordial wishes for the success ful result that will conduce to the dignity and stability of the Empire.' The mes sage was received by the Convention with three eheers for the Queen. Mr. Carruthers, who was received with cheers, first referred to the selection of Mr. Barton as leader of the Convention, and said that although he had favored a diffe rent method of procedure, be could only express his great satisfaction at the mantle .of Sir Henry ParkeB' having fallen upon such an able man as Mr. Barton. He strongly urged the Convention to work for compromise which would be acceptable to the people. Referring to the necessity for Federation for defence, he expressed a hope that' when tho Premiers re turned from England they would bring back with them credentials to show that the Imperial Government was taking steps to get for Australasia the whole of New Guinea, which would be a valuable and useful addition to the federation. If the Premiers could do that they would do good work. (Cheers.) He believed in the Federal Government having the right to impose taxation ; but ho would have a limit to their power of Customs taxation. Otherwise there might be Protection thrust upon the people of Australasia against the will of the majority. He re gretted that they had not a more complete financial data at their disposal, and re gretted that most of the financial experts were unable to take part in the proceed ings of the Convention. He did not con sider the Convention itself . was really capable of dealing thoroughly with the financial problem, and he should move for a committee to gather information. He next referred to the abolition of border restrictions, and, after referring to the re peated efforts of New South Wales to obtain intercolonial Freetrade, strongly advocated as a natural corollary to the removal of the border duties, the abolition of differential rates, and the federal control of the railways. Coming to the question of State right, he said that having regard to the future he was prepared to concede to the smaller colonies equal representa tion in the Senate. Furthermore, he would concede the Senate equal responsi bility with the House of Representatives on the subject of finance, as was desired by the small colones, but if he gave them that, then he must ask that the small colonies should agree to the natural consequences of their equality. Thus, if the Federated States contributed proportionately to the cost of defence, then the larger States haying more to pay, :mu9t have a larger voice in the control of the finances ; but if the smaller states were unwilling to pay an equal contribution to defence and similar expenditure, then they must not ask for equal representation; Referring to the various proposals for dealing with the Federal judiciary, he argued against the proposed establishment of a Federal final court of appeal, and pointed out that Canada had not yet been able to obtain that concession from the Imperial Govern ment, and, any way, litigants would always have the right to petition the Privy Council. On the subject of the Federal capital, Mr. Carruthers appealed for the consideration which New South Wales, from her position and her tradi tions, had a right to expect. New South Wales,, he pointed out, .was: the head quarters of the Anglican and Catholic Churchei, and the naval base for defence operations was at Sydney. A Victorian Delegate : But we have the head of the Salvation Army — Laughter. Mr. Carruthers, concluding, hoped that the Federal capital would never be established outside New South Walei. Mr. Higgins (Victoria), said he thought the' electors would be very diiappointed to find that the Convention had gone back to the indefiniteness of 1891 in taking the resolutions framed by Mr. Barton. He then went into a detailed criticism of the 1891 in taking the resolutions framed by Mr. Barton. He then went into a detailed criticism of the literal meaning of the resolutions as worded, contending that portions of them were unmeaning and badly drafted. He bad not intended debating the resolutions, only that he wished to combat the attack of Sir R. Baker upon responsible government. Personally, he favored responsible govern ment, but not responsibility .to two Houses, and he' questioned the wisdom of equal representation of states in. the Senate. The election of senators by the States Parliaments led to the subordina tion of the local Parliaments to federal politics, and after America's experience tha system should not be regarded with favor by the convention. Both Houses must be elected by the people, and he would like to see a feHnral franrhicn Avnri in the constitution. Mr. B. R. Wise, who was cheerad on rising, said the character of the last speech was quite sufficient justification for the made of procedure adopted by the con-, vention on the question of equal represen tation. He pointed out how the history of the Philadelphia Convention was re peating itself in this convention. He took his stand first of all that it was an abso solute necessity for practical federation that there should be equal representation of the states in the Senate. Equal repre sentation of states was only another form of one man one vote. Having been con vinced that the Cabinet system was not possible in a federation, he had to choose between a federation and reponsible government, and he felt it bis duty to keep in mind tbe federal idea as much as possible, and .submit to the system of responsible government, which the convention seemed determined to have; Having responsible Ministers would necessitate one House of tbe Legis lature having predominant power. To him the question of the senate amending money bills had an antiquarian sound in politics, and he hoped some of the Victorian members who understood the subject from tbe contentions which had occurred in that colony would give the convention the benefit of their knowledge. Replying to an interjection from Sir George Turner, he said ; he would certainly give the Fe deral Senate power to revise a Customs Bill. It did not seem to him that the great conflicts between states would arise over money bills, but rather over social questions. He hoped the convention would not be scared by the ghosts of dead controversies as,, to the advantage , of allowing the Upper Houseto amend taxa tion bills. Mr. Wise quoted the case of the Land Tax Bill in New South Waleu, in which the Council made amendments which were afterwards adopted by the Assembly, but owing to the Council .not having constitutional right to so amend, the bill, it had to be put aside in the Assembly and passed through again in the form required by the Coun-. cil. He thought they should start with as liberal and free a franchise as possible. Prefacing a few remarks upon the question of deadlocks, he asked whether it was really necessary to make, any provision for meeting them. There was only one way of actually preventing deadlocks, and that was to create a daspot ; but the best way was to trust to the sense of fairness and good sense of tbe Parliament. But after all the suggestions that had been made, he thought they only arrived at a condition of greater uncertainty. Referring to the provision that tbe territories should remain intact, he pointed out the preponderance of two colonies, and said this lead him to a new point. At present, there were no other means of raising Federal revenue than through the Customs, .so be threw out the idea that the Federal Government should be endowed with a large portion of the colonies as Federal territory. There is a great tract of land, much of which is still '.unsettled, and that might be taken over by the Government, and they could raise revenue from it. It would be an ex periment of land value nationalisation, and might in the future prevent the preponder ance of any one colony by reason of a sudden acquisition of wealth and popula tion through unexpected developments or mineral or other resources. He quite agreed that the railways mu3t be taken over by the Federal Government, and in advocating that course introduced some new points. After traversing the arguments adduced by previous speakers, he asked the Convention, was it, true that the difficulties of taking over the railways were less than the difficulties of regulating, them if they remained the property of the States. He did not believe, they would, make the Federation a success until the railways were consolidated and under. Federal conditions. New South Walei would well be able to afford to let go the trade from the western districts, but apart from other considerations, there, was a Federal agreement, that posts and tele graphs should be handed over, and it had to be remembered that the telegraphs nearly all went along the railway routes, and the letters were carried by the trains. Then, again, he understood from expert! that it was absolutely necessary for defence that the gauge should be uniform, other wise the movement of troops in time of war would be largely impeded ; and in this connection it had to be remembered that in moving troops for defence pur poses it was not only a matter of a number of men changing trains, but there would have to be a great amount of war material transhipped also, and the delay thus oc casioned would seriously impair tbe efficiency. and adequacy of any scheme of Federal defence. General Hutton, he knew, was a strong advocate of the, necessity for uniform gauge for defence purposes, and he, Mr. WiBe, thought that even though the alteration of the lines might entail an expenditure of three or four millions that money would soon be repaid.- Making reference to the judica- . ttue, he disagreed entirely with tha idea that the Federal Court should be com- , posed of judges of the various Sates, as . that system' would lead to the Federal Government being subordinate to th«. Governments of the States. No Common- , wealth could stand if it ' depended upon officers not appointed by itself. He hoped ' also that there would be some clause in ', the Constitution to prevent what wai known in America as ' the spoils system ' j in connection with the Civil Service. , 