JACK'S CONFESSION. T tho foob of a gently rising' iiilliii the midst of ail undulat ing loiva plain there stood, thirty year" ago, a herds man's shanty. T li is shanty tvns very small and low ; it was built of the roughest timber ; the boards flapped in such a way as to sited ruin from tho roof; numerous single panes nf gluss fastened over as many holes cut in the boards served for windows. A stove pipe protruding through tho roof performed the duties of a chimney ; the door wus made of undressed boards nailed to heavy oleats, and held in place by strong leather hinges. IVitd morn ing glorioa were trained on strings up each side and over it. There wus a small garden, but idly cared for. Tho path beginning 'at the door ended at the gate of a largo corral a hun dred yards or so distant. Running from north to south and cast of the shanty, was a stream,' and lining its banks were dwarf cotton-wood and box-older trees, Tho rest of tbe scone consisted of hills and vulloys covered witli tall prairie grass and flowers —nothing more aB far as tho eye could reach —not a roof, not a fence, nob u grave, nor man's handiwork in any form; the primitive prairie bounded by tho horizon was as fresh from the finger touches of the Creator as if made yesterday. A few grey streaks in the eastern sky ' ' heralded-the approach of day ; they re sembled a duub of grayish paint on the eastern edge of a canopy of dark blue. A warm breeze rufilod the tops of the tall blue joint-grass. Thore was no moon, but the stars sent down their flickering light. From tiio corral came the sounds of lowing cattle, and from the rushes on the stream's edge tho bark of the prairie wolf. Inside the shanty, seated at a tublo, was a man of thirty or thereabouts. He was coltlied in buckskin trousers and junket, by his side, in a long leather sheath, was a hunt ing knifo, on a corner of the table rested a wide-brimmed, liouvily:bandad sombrero hat, while near by wore a poir of boots, with wicked looking spurs at the heels. The man was a " cowboy " in attire, if the West ever saw one. Yet when one laoked at his fuce he found it kind, comoly, and Intelligent, and realised in some mysterious way that iio hud bcou horn and bred a gentleman. There was no carpet on lite floor of the dingy littio room, no pictures on tbe wall. On ono side nnd held in place by etout loathor thongs were two guns, and beneath thom sovoral revolvers and a hunting knifo. A wild swan, neatly stuffed and mounted, itood on u shelf. A cupboard— without ioors or curtains— displuyod a Bcanty lupply of dishes, pots, pans, and kettles, lot arranged with any order or tasto. fresenbly tho man arose. " It's time for poor Ned to take anothor powder," he muttered. Noiselessly bo bent Lis steps in tho direction of a shadowy lorner in wbicli stood a bedstead, made of tough pino. On tho rudo frame there was I straw tick, some pillows and quilts, and indcr the latter tho recumbent figure of a nun who brcuthed fitfully, moaning with pain. Tho watcher looked long and intently at Ihe face of the suflerer. "He's nsleep— fast asleep. Tho doctor laid I wasn't to arouse him, not even for medicine. He shall havo tho powder as toon ns lie wakes." He commenced to walk from side to sido of the cramped littio room. " Sinking, sinking— hardly the ghost of his former self. It's eleven days since I wrata telling them of poor Ned's uttuck of typhoid. They must have received my letter six days ago ; yet no answer — nobody comes. Must ho meet his tnd in tho midst of this mysterious, monot onous prairie, with no one to comfort him but me— without the presence of someone fit to kneel by his bedside und offer up a prayor for his soul ? If his mother had only lived — all, curso it 1 when a man's mother flios the world turns black ! There's the rumble of wlieols ; it's the doctor no doubt." Tho watcher opened tiio door nnd stood looking out into the grey duwn nb an approaching buggy, with a solitary occu pant on its scat. " That you, doctor 2" ' Yos. How's Ned "Sinking; boon in a comntoso condi tion most of the night. Any letters ?" " Nono." No ono arrived at the station inquiring torus?" ' No one." The doctor steppod within. Removing his 'hat und glovos, lio slowly npproachod the' bed. He gontly forced liis hand bon'eath tho covers, atid'as gently clasped first tho hand, then the wrist, of the pleepor. He turned uwny with u sigh. " The fever's higher, doctor 1" " It's no lower." ' He's worse then 2" ; ' " Yos." " Poor Ned !" Tho two stood by the bedside for some moments, conversing in wliispots. Tlion the dootor seated himself nt tho tublo and . prepared half a dozen powders. Having done thie he grasped the hand .of the watcher in silonco. " Those little gray powders are all that stand between Nod and the gravo." : ! All," suid tho dootor, ae lio sturtod for the door. V " Hay was now breaking. For a long time the watcher ecood gazing vacantly from tbe ' window like one unconseious of his Surroundings. At last he moved, and as he , did so the sunlight shot past him into the dingy room ; it fell on tiio siol; nian'i pillow in a shape not unlike a orown ; it touched the dork brown hair and fovered \- brow, leaving tho lowor part of the wasted faco in sliudow. The watoiior beheld the sight and stnred " ss one might who Maw an apparition. Then hp fell on hiB knees by the bedsido. " I'll do it 1" he oxolaimed. " It is my "duty, and now'a the timo— now, not the . hereafter. It's the only strength I can add ' to the gray powders. Perhaps God sent ' that crown of gold through the window to " force mo to a dooision— to show me a way '' v i to save Nod— the only way. Wbntdol eucrlGto ofter all? What have I been . 1 boarding as dearer thun his life ? Simply ' Mie visionary hope that b woman may yet love me who never has loved me, ond who Ijow never shall." and drew from the bottom a case of photo graphs. From the many lie selected one, a card which bore a girl's face. There was a laugh on each feature, a double laugh in tho roguish eyes, and the hair so light and fluffy that it scorned capable of tumbling and tearing on tho curd. Yet tbe face contained a liiddon seriousness which showed that it was possible fo the wopiuti to step forth from behind the mask of smiles — a woman of ttoher thought nnd depth of feeling, ono to love and be loved. The figure on tho bed moved. There came a sound us of covors being thrown back, and of an arm rising slowly und fall ing heavily. Tbis was followed by a low moan. The watcher was at tiio bedside in a moment. " Awake at lust, Ned I You have had a long sleep— a refreshing sleep, I hope. You are hotter ; thore is a brighter look in your faco." " I shall never be better, Jack— never ! I'm for another world before long. What timo of night is it 2" ' ' Timo of night I It's morning Ned ; the sun's liulf an hour or more high. There's sunlight on your pillow — just abovo your head. Let me raise you so that yon can catch tho rays; there's medicine in ib— more than there is in gray powders. Now. I'll poko up the fire a bit, and bring your gruel. As for yon being off for another world, that's nonsense. I've got a cure for you ; something that will make yon want to got up and walk. Cheer up, boy 1 The, world's before you yet." " Your words are kind, Jack ; I know you'd save mo if you could, my faithful friend, bub you cannot. Never mind tho gruel — 1 want to make my will. Just write on a little piece of paper that 1 leave my share in the ranch and stock to you, then guide my hand bo that I can write my uume. Bo as quick as you can— I feel faint — I am sinking." " Nonsonse, boy ! 1 toll you you'll recover ; you are better even now, ond I've got the medicine that's J,o make you woll. But first try to swallow a littio gruel— it's all ready." " I can'b, Jack— it's no use." "Then let mo sib here by your bedside nnd confess— confess something thut will sot life to flowing in your veins afresh, and at the same time teach you to hate me. For I have been a hypocrite, a liar, a thief ; I have stolen from you in the past the hope of gaining something more precious thun gold. Yos, I boo you understand mo— 1 am referring to Wanda. You were tho favoured ono at first. For months the girl tried to show you that sho loved you, but you were bashful— given to dreaming rather than to action. Love for tho girl put tho devil in mo. I resorted to every subterfuge te gain her funcy, nnd by dogrees worked myself into lier favour. Mind, I don't say into her affections— to say that wonld bo to lie. and this I intend shull be a tula of truth. Your hosituncy made my courso possible — nothing else would have done so. Ho you remember the day that we boarded the train together —the day on which I bold you that Wanda and I wore engaged? I could see at the timo that the declaration cut you like a knife. Well, it was a lie, comrade, as base u lie as ever was told. She never cared for mo — nevor cared for anyone but>you. In the duys that followed you taught me to love you, Nod. Men may laugh at the idea of one roan loving another, but I say again, you tuugbt me to love you ; to lovoyou so much thnt the light in two bine oyes faded —the features which had haunted ray wak ing and sleeping hours grew IeBs cleiir in outline. I felt that I could sacrifice oven my love to my friendship. Yet, with all my devotion to you, I wae boo muoh a coward to toll you all. In some way a con fession seemed like thrusting an assassin's knife into your kindness ; and so tho days have come and gono nntil now. Now that you lie bofore me prostrated by illness, a something undofinablo makes mo braver, und with a gludness born of truth I bid you take new life. Wanda is yours from this hour. You've but to get well and take her. She loved you once, she loves you now— women don't ohange as men do. Her heurt's tho same as ib waa then, depend upon it. See, I have brought you hor picture." " I cannot eee it, Jack, Ib is getting durk." " A cloud has obscured the sun." " Ah, Jack, tho darkness that is settling over me is nob cloud darkness — it's the darkness thut comes when a man stepi from ono world into the other. I'm off, 1 tell you. You'll have to round up the cattle yourself, or get other aid, from this on. And as for Wanda — comrade, give me your hund — there— she is youca, Jock — yours I" " No, Ned, I will never look on her face again. I'm for the distant West as soon as you are hotter ; for tbe West and the mountains. You must get well and tako yonr wife, boy. Come, rally 1 here's your gruel, and I'll prepare a powder. I'll usk the doctor to telegraph for her. Whon she oomoB you will forgive me 'for what I have dono 2" ; - The voice was husky and broken, The (lying limn .looked ut his friend with a divine light in his eyes. " Here in the wilderness you havo been everything to me, Jack. 1 have nothing to forgive. You were always the better man of tho two— toll her I told yon so. In claiming her you bat oluim your own. God —bless— you 1" He guBped for breath ; his eyes closed, then opened ; a tremor shook his frame. Jack threw his arm around his dying com rade's neek, and so Ned passed to the beyond. " There's another gray powder to add to the doctor's six," said Jack ut last. He arose from the bedside, and taking powders and picture in his hand oust them into the fire. Thon he sut down in the sun light outside the door, aud buried his face in liis hands. 