A STAND FOR THE UNION. As I sat swinging my feet under the pew I could look through the low church window and see the stars and stripes on the tall pole in Cobbler Bennett's front yard flap ping in the May breeze, which brought the smell of roses and honeysuckle from the little garden the old man had tended with such loving care before peace forsook him and the rest of us. He was marching now up and down, as was his daily habit, standing guard over his flag with the musket he had carried in the war of 1812. I knew it well, for it had once been my great privilege to play at hunting ducks with it in the marshes back of Bloomington. With its butt resting on tbe ground, it -was at least half a foot taller than I, even without the bayonet, which was now in plaee, as Bennett paced backward and forward on his guard duty. He was truly a martial figure, with his white hair falling over his shoulders and his uniform coat buttoned tightly around him, I knew he had won the stripe on its sleeve at Lun- dy'a Lane, for I had sat by his work bench and listened to his Btorics of war and peace in the North. Thanks to him, Miles Stand- lBh was ah old friend of mine, and there were not many Indian stories in the his tory of New England which I did not know as well as I did those of the wars between our own Sevier and the Cherokces. 1 had been the old man's friend, and his detesta tion for rebels against the beat govern ment under the sun" did not extend to me, though, to be sure, I dreamed nightly of the time when I, too, would be old enough to nde away to join Forrest, as my brother Jack had ridden, singing the Bonnets of Bonny Dundee, and clattering a long sa bre. I know now that Jack sang to keep from crying, and that lie threw away his sabre as a piece of chivalrie nonsense, but Ihadmany things to learn in the spring The sermon tired mc. The backs of the pews were very straight, and my feet were an inch from the floor when I stretched my legs to their utmost. It seemed that the Rev. Mordceai Rhodes had a habit of direct ing his entire sermon and his whole atten tion to me, and I writhed under it. I knew my sins better than he, although he did have a remarkable faculty of cataloguing them. Perhaps he was not personal, as I supposed, but tbe mere attempt to follow liiin exhausted my moral faculties and forced me to look out of the window at what some one a year before had said was "the only federal Hug floating south of the Tennessee River." I had seen the old man when he first ran it np. It was at noon on th» d->- -Z " the newB of the secession of tb» goi regularly every day since he had' flying for an hour, standing guard 11 it with his flint lock at a radVr ££? rogup and down, as now, wiih" arms® Isuppose the indignation felt at first m, natural, but it was not so great ,, n surprise. I bad a shock mvsJIfn that Uncle Ike Bennett had gone withS8 union. The old man. who pohtare, who had never argued with anyone who bent over _ his last with the children around him, joong with them in feS reluctance to tell once more his ahead, more than, tbnee told tales had sniS riSn \ hia-/uli stature. i know Blw inrton had its faults. They were nun? and I regret them the more because 1 hare most of them ingrained in my own inrno-t moral nature, but I think it had the virtue of knowing a man on Eight, and it rc-4- nised the man in Uncle Ike when he ran up his flag and posted himself before it with his musket, saving nothing, but meanine volumes, which were well enough under stood by all who saw him. Indignation had run high at first, and Red MortSmith, who was afterwards conscripted in spite of his chronic rheumatism, had oi- fered to be one of ten men to puii the fla» down. Mrs. Luttrel, who had detested afl Andy Jackson Democrats since her husband was beaten by one for county clerk in 1342 was fired with a devotion to the cause of the Sonth she had never known before, hut he- fore it could lead to any tangible result Uncle Ike calmly pulled down his flag for the day, marched into the house, and stacked his musket behind the hall door. Having done this much for conscience sake, he returned to his bench and pecgc-d shoes as calmly as if Sumter had not EcenS fired on and as if the vacant lot in front of his house were not occupied daiiv by drill- ing squads and companies of the'bovs who had grown up around him since he came South from Connecticut 30 years before. I had long ago ceased to hear the preacher. I was dreaming all this as I looked out of the window. I seemed to see the lot once more filled with_ marching and counter marching men, responding to the short, sharp orders of my Sunday school teacher, Colonel Graham Hall, who now sat in the pew before me with a squad of his cavalrv, sun-burned, haggard and shabby enough in their soiled grey uniforms. It was Colonel Graham Hall who, when Unele Ike ran his flag up and mounted guard before it on the second dav of his solitary stand for the union, had made Com pany I of the 7th Tennessee Infantry a speech — a very short one, for he was "not eloquent in the sense in which I then under stood eloquence. "Gentlemen," he said, "let Uncle Ike's flag alone, and see that rheumatic stav-at- homes and shirks let it alone. Attention, company! About face! Shoulder arms!" From then until now, at his usual hour. Uncle Ike had run np his flag and mounted guard over it. So much at least he could do for his cause and his principles in a hostile world. A "nitor in adversum" truly he was, and afterward, having learned what it was to he a "nitor in adversum," I have some times caught my breath sharply at the thought of him, m his faded uniform, with hifj useless, musket, standing guard alone under his lonely flag. It is easier to admire our euemies than it is to love them. Sliilah had been fought since the veteran of 1812 refused io follow the State of his adoption out of the "home of his fathers," and the town was full of hollow cheeked youths, hobbling feebly around on crutches. Colonel Graham Hail — who must not be confounded with Colonel James Graham Hall, his cousin— had left an arm at Shilloo, and of the 60 men anil boys who lode away with him from Blooming- ton only 27 had come back, now that his regiment was retreating to join Forrest at Iuka. Bloomington admired courage, but it had come to hate Sergeant Bennett's flag as the abomination of desolation. The oid soldier, once tbe favorite of the town, could hardly have been more alone now if be had been in the middle of Sahara. That he felt it even I could see. Stronger than his love for the union was his love of his fellows. He hated rebels, but he loved every man, woman and child in Bloomington. When, one alter an other, as the war grew hotter and as the Northern lines moved southward, they ceased to 6peak to him, the iron burned deeper and deeper into his soul. I do not think he had ever really . felt his . 80 years before, but now their full weight came upon him, and when he was not on duty he staggered under them. Standing guard before his flag, by some supreme cf- fortj he became a soldier again, holding him self erect, keeping his faculties alert, walk ing almost with the springiness oi voutb, but when hie watch was over he grew feeble. Once or twice I had seen him red as lie went in the door carrying his nag and his musket. It was clear that the en mity between him and his neighbors was more than he could bear. After the skir mish at Bragg's Landing, where Jack nao his arm broken, I marched past Lncle Ik® on the street with my head un, my eye» staring straight ahead and my hands held stiffly against the stripe which had been sewed on mv trousers aB a concession to my martial spirit. Though I had succeeded com pletely in refusing to speak to hiin, it nao not been done without effort, wmc", r think, had in it some faint reflex of mso heroic spirit, for I have never done anytlwig since which cost me so much mental and moral anguish. Having committed nwsen irrevocably, I could not help looking back li the unchangeable, and as I did so I saw; tliac Uncle Ike hail half turned and was gamng at me.with a look I can never forget. He mo neither wife nor child, and I was his last friend in Bloomington. . . . I thought of all this as I watched Jam. and inhaled the scent of his roses through the church window. How. ful the Bloomington roses were mH. 1862, but by some strange, childish taricj . which fixed itself ineradicably in mj mmd then. I can never see suchred roM-a. grew on Uncle Ike's fence without turn ? of blood and the distant roar of the gim» <» ' It was veiy still. I could hear in a neighboring syringn 6n'2lBfAn 0I1. paniment to the monotone of the - . Suddenly my mind ceased to take sance of either song or sermon a®. ,(ild sound I had learned to know vjcli'o of me- the note of the cavalry bugle- was a shuffling of fret m 'he ,lCjt atl(j of mc. Colonel Hall tightened his. listened. The whole cqngrcgat on bsic ( # The Rev. Mordecai Khodes stoppeu semicolon and never resumed oc(,;sive, for the bugle sounded a»un, clear, snddlej» / unmistakable. It said XJoots 110j5elesjy The cavalrymen rose and filed m,til down tbe aisle, following ? gtonped. A3 they reached tlio door where he stopja if his nature had become a pa tlicy during the year tlicy had folio ))eI1( turn- turned as by a common impu,, jjisUand ing towards tho pulpit, he exte I " — T/iThrad His men bent with him, I »n3be. if acting by command from a file- 1 mi, ft/ "viiolc congregation slipped to its leader, tne w witll the rest. not knowing la//;, A to d. nor knowinF ,wh,a,t.w!ls b?" vrbat else to . reacl(!r stretched his hands il,gdri.e heads of the rough grey group as over tae lie nounce(i the benediction: the door an P mercy and peace from "No"' St her God the Son and God the S1 Ghost be with us aflevennore, for the 'riw cwgrogatTonrasdismissed. A mo- i inter Colonel Hall and his men were ?i it a trot down the street. As they riding at. , jke>8 gntc the old color ser- pt stood witti liis head erect, his musket firm 5' to both hands, as if for a its long (lull blue bayonet, and Kes fiwl on the enemy. There was no p!s /?„n liiin The hardihood of hunian- rt l posaMitieH of its progress, the ' 1,'t Vvliicli makes the martyr, the courage Epr l, strengthens the weak of the world Sn one rnlfn can stand against 10,000, ani- ' and glorified him. iridenly Colonel Hall gave an order I "id not hear. His cavalrymen halted atectly in front of the flag and its sentinel She entire squad, facing about, saluted c\Lnnfe Bennett. Colonel Hall, with un- covered head, bowed half down to liis saddle bow, and then with a sharp "forward!" wheeled his horse into tlie middle of the E''lfin? a dumb show I hardly understood, ail it was over in an instant. The squad if rival IT clattered down the street m a cloud of dust, their riisty canteens and ' dirtv blankets flapping with the rourfr hioFion" of their horses. I can iiiipinber to this day exactly how Tom jtilonc, who rode last, looked as lie bobbed up and down, in his saddle. I had been routing Scott s novels, and I .thought it disgraceful for a randier to jolt in liis Kiddle like a ploughhoy on a mule. \s the last of the squad passed the turh in' the road to firaccyvillo the majority of the congregation of the liloommgton eliurcli had come directly in front of the Bennett plate, and, as I could no longer see the sol diers I looked at Uncle Ike. He .was lean ing o'n the muzzle of his musket, and his whole frame seemed convulsed. From where I =tood, just outside his feuee, I could hear him trying to choke back sobbing that would not be choked back. Suddenly he reeled, and his musket dropped from his hand. He had almost fallen, but ho recov ered himself and stood erect., stretching his hands toward liis neighbors, as a few mo ments before the old miniate/ had stretched his over the departing Confederates. He said nothing, hut liis face shone. His part in the war was over. It was not love of the union, hut love for humanity which glorified him now. Peace bad overcome him. He stood barely a moment, and then sank gently dowii in the grass at the foot of his flagstaff. When tlicy took him up a moment later he was dead. Three days afterwards, when they brought Colonel Hall's body home after the charge he led in covering the retreat at llonham Creek, there were two open graves within 50 feet of each other in the little cemetery on Jackson's Hill. When Ser geant Tsaac Bennett, "of Captain Codding- ton's Connecticut Feneibles," was lowered into one of them, his flag was festooned on his coffin- Globe Democrat. 