CHRISTMAS CHGST. By ELEYE CHAMER. Mother bad just been reading aloud a ghost story, and Jack and his sister Nell and little Allan had ktit as quiet as three little mice while Iliey listened. It was evening, but quite light yet, and because the house was close after the hot summer's day, they were sitting out on the verandah, where now and again a slight breeze came floating through the trees and fanned them softly as they sat. It was a most awe-inspiring story, which gave one cold shivers all down the hack, aud made one fancy that every little wind might be a terrible ghost with a shadowy face aud white garments that streamed behind, while the awful spectral hands were stretched out to grasp hold of whoever dared to remain in its presence. The tale told of a person who slept being wakened by the touch of a cold band on his face, and saw the ghostly image sitting beside him on the bed, and then heard weird whispering all around, and through the dark came many white fingers which pointed at the poor mor tal, who was powerless to move or speak. Then there were mysterious signs and horrible sights, which fairly made one's blood curdle. But the children were fascinated, and when the story came to an end there was a deep silence for a few seconds. "I liked it, but it's horrible," said Nell, at last, and mother laughed and replied, "Yes,, so horrible that you must all go and have a good romp and forget about the story before bed-time." But they did not, for when she left them they still sat there, all three of them, and watched the birds flying homo to bed, and heard the cricket chir ruping close at hand and the little frogs croaking down in the pond. Then the sun went down and the grey twiiiaht shadows crept over the sard-"- . "Now, it's getting dark," said Allan, and shuddered. "This is when the ghosts come out. I know I'll see one to-niglit; and I'll be awfully frightened." Jack burst out laughing. He was nearly twelve, so, of course, he knew better. "Why, you little duffer, don't you know there are no ghosts in Austra lia? It's only iu England where you see them, because they always like very old castles to live iu. Aud all houses out here are much too uew. I wouldn't be such a baby. Frightened of a ghost!" Jack's tone was very contemptuous, aud again his merry laugh rang out on the air. "Don't laugh, Jack," said Nell, indig nantly. "Of course, we know there are no ghosts here, hut if one did come 1 should he very much afraid of it, too, and— why, I'm sure you would run away from it yourself." "I wouldn't," said - Jack, scornfully. This was Christmas Eve, aud as thei'e was going to he lots of excitement and fun the next day the children went early to hod, so that they would be sure to wake up in good time in the morning. Jack had a little room with just one small bed iu it for himself, and a win dow, from which one could see over into the kitchen garden, aud then beyond in to the poultry yard, aud he thought his mile room me uesi in me liouse. He pulled off his clothes and carefully hung one stocking at the foot of his bed, where Santa Claus could easily see it. "I'll watch for the old man to-night," lie said to himself, "and make sure that he gives me something respectable. How can an old chap like hiin be expec ted to know what hoys like?" Then he tumbled into bed, blew out the light, and lay peering into the darkness. He began to wonder if Santa Claus car ried a lamp. If be did not he would never be able to find his way about, it was so pitchy dark. Then he sprang out of bed to the window and let the blind, go up with a run as far as it would, aiid hoped the moon would he up before long. Already he could see a faint glimmer in tlie sky where it was rising. But hie felt himself beginning to grow remarkably sleepy, and as he was not going to sit up watching for the moon he crept back into bed again, look ing such a funny little figure,' with .Ills long, bare. legs'- and. short niglit-shlrt hardly reaching to his knees. ""Now, I won't go to sleep," lie said to himself. "That would spoil all the fun. I do feel pretty sleepy, but I won't shut my eyes, and I couldn't nossibiv to to sleen with my eyes open." So lie lay and watched the mqonlight growing brighter, till there was quite a large, white patch on the wall opposite him, on which the creeper that waved its long branches in the uiglit breezes threw shadows, which swayed to and fro with a mysterious motion iu the silence of the night. At first he liked watching that till he grew sleepy and tired of the ceaseless movement of the trailers, which begun to look like great, gilding serpents, that stretched their long bodies towards him, "and he fancied the rustling of the leaves outside the wiudow was the ser pents hissing at liini. He did not like that idea-at all. so he 'turned the other way, and lay so tiiat he could not see them; but there was only a dark corner for him to gaze into, and that was not interesting at all, and his eyelids began to close, and fall lower and lower, till they closed altogether But only for one moment; the next he had suddenly jerked them open, aud began to rub them with both bauds, exclaming in a still somewhat drowsy voice, "Blest if it wasn't a near thing that time!" It had been a very near tiling, and ho was going to take good care that it should not happen again. But with all the pains he took to keep himself awake it was hard work, and very soon he again felt his eyelids drooping, drooping. But just then something made him give a start, his heart seemed to jump into his mouth, and his eyes almost came out or ms neaa. lie wanted to scream, but found lie couldn't; for there, in the room with him, quite close, at the foot of the bed. stood an awful thing. What it was lie could not toll at first in his fright ; hut it was tall agd white, not of tlie wliitcuoss of snow, hut a weird, transparent whiteness, as though it was ouly tlie moonlight. But It' was lighter thnu the light that shone on the wall, aud its cdgeiT seemed to melt away into the darkness, so that Jack could not quite see where it ended and the dearkuess began. The hoy could hardly move with ter ror; but he pulled up tlie bedelothcs over his head, just keeping one eye out to see if the object came any nearer, or what it was going to do. It moved. Jack stuffed the clothes into his mouth to keep from yelling, and saw then, to his astonishment, that the great thing was in the shape of a goose, but such a large goose surely uo one had ever had the misfortune to meet. It was fully as tall as a man. It stood with its neck stretched out and wide-spread wings, which it flapped geuily to and fro. But the great wings made no sound. All ivas silent as a grave. Suddenly, to poor Jack's hor ror, the giant goose came nearer, mov ing slowly, till it stood right 6vcr where he lay in bed. With a shriek, he slid down under the bedclothes, as far as he could go, and waited, trembling and half-smothered, for what was to come next. £To be Continued.) 