OR, THE DANGERFiELD MYSTERY, BY MRS. MAY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XII.—(Continued). The storm had come with the new ■Say; rain and sleet beat the glass, the "wind howled dismally around the house and up and down the draughty passages. Mr Dan tree scowled at the distant prospect. Atmospheric inllu ences did not affect him much, as a rule, but they affected him to-day. I suppose the least sensitive of human ■beings likes bright sunshine, balmy breezes, and cloudless skies, for his ■wedding day. Mr Dantree cursed the "weather, cursed the pursuing memory that drove him from his bed, cursed his / -own folly in letting his superstitious »■ tears trouble him, and, having iinlshed j Tiis litany, produced, a sptoke- eolored bottle of Drench brandy,'a. case of Ma nillas, and flung himself into an easy chair before the still smouldering fire. He primed himself with eau do vie un til the breakfast bell rang, and then ■descended to meet his host and his sister, and get the vapors of the night ■dispelled in their society. Miss Talbot departed for Scarswood | almost immediately after breakfast. Mr Dantree escorted her to the car -riage, and moodily watched her drive I suppose. 1 am to give your love to iCathcrine?” the young lady said, gaily. “And I suppose we won’t see .you until the hour? Try and wear a less dolorous face, signor,.when you,do present your self. It’s a serious occasion, beyond doubt, but not even matrimony can war rant so gloomy a countenance as that." How the long, interminable hours of that day wore on Gaston Dantree never afterwards knew. Something was going to happen—he simply felt that—what, he did not know. Marie might come, or she might not; but whether or not, some thing would happen. ’ The dark, sleety hours dragged slowly along. He smoked furiously; he drank more brandy than ■was at all prudent or usual for bride . grooms; he went in and out in a restless fever that would not let him sit down. He paced up and down the leafless aisles, the sleet driving sharply in his face, the keen wind piercing him—for he was of a Chilly nature. Were presentiments true? None had ever troubled him before. Was it a guilty conscience? It was the first time he ever realised he had a con science; or was it a worse demon than either—the gloomy fiend of indigestion? “A sluggish liver has made men blow ■their brains out hefore now, and a dys peptic stomach has seen ghosts. Pre sentiments are sentimental humbugs. It’s the heavy dinners at Scarswood and the French cookery at Morecambe, com bined with a leaden sky and a miserable December day. If the infernally long day were ended and the bridal hour come, I should feel all right, I know.” His host watched him curiously from the window, wandering about in the storm like an unquiet spirit. Bride grooms may be restless as a rule on the happy day, but not such restlessness as this. “There’s something on that fellow’s -—the^jmung Sussex squire thought. is afraid, and X don't tluiiK°/)t.vr'WvliwLiVi. ias a rule. I’ve thought froth the first this marriage would be a bad job, and it’s no end of a pity. She’s such a trump of a girl—little Kathie—no ' nonsense about her, you know, rides to hounds like a born Nimrod-ess, dances like a fairy, plucky and thoroughbred from top to toe. And she’s going to throw herself away on this fellow, for no reason under heaven but that he’s got a good-looking face. Hang it all! Why did I ever bring him down to Morecambe, or why need Katherine Dangerfield be such a Jittle fool? Who’s to tell us the man hasn’t a wife already out in New Or leans?” Some time after noon the bridegroom elect .flung himself on his bed and fell heavily asleep. He- did not dream this time; he slept—for hours—the beneficial effect of French brandy, no doubt. The Short, dark day had faded entirely out— the candles were lighted, and Squire Tal bot's man stood over him adjuring him Jo rise. “Beg pardon, sir, for disturbing you, but master’s orders, sir, and it’s after four,-Mr Dantree, sir, and time, master Bays, to get up and dress. And master’s orders, sir, is that I.’m to assist you.” Mr Dantree leaped from the bed. Four o’clock and time to dress. No more end Sess hours to think and fidget—that was a comfort, at least. “How’s the weather now, Lewis?" he asked. “Storm held up any? No, I see St has not. Rather worse, if anything. Where’s the squire?” “In his room, sir—dressing, sir. Per mit me to do that, Mr Dantree, sir, if you please. Dinner's to be an hour and a half earlier than usual, sir, on this oc casion. You’ll ’ve just time to dress, and no mere." " Lewis' was an adept in his business. At half-past four Mr Dantree descended to dinner in full evening suit—white Waistcoat, diamond studs, dress coat, Shiny boots—robed for the sacrifice. He and the squire dined tete-a-tete, and quickly. Neither ate much — both twere nervous and silent “What the deuce ever made me bring ■the fellow down?” the squire kept think ing moodily, casting gloomy glances athwart the tall epergne of flowers be tween them. •And “Will anything happen, after .all?” the bridegroom kept saying over •and over. “Will the heiress of Scars ijvoo'd be my wife to-morrow morning, or 'will something prevent it at the ■eleventh hour, and expose me? It would be just my usual infernal luck.” He went back to his room after din ner. They had not lingered, and it was still only a few minutes after five o’clock. A quarter before seven would .be early enough to arrive at Scarswood, and run the gauntlet of three-score ■curious eyes. . “I wish it were over,” he exclaimed, .aloud, almost savagely. “I wouldn't undergo such an ordeal again for all the heiresses in Great Britain.” “It is a nervous business,” a voice in the doorway responded; “but take ■courage. There’s many a slip, you know, and though it wants barely two hours to the time, you may escape the matrimonial noose after all.” Gaston Dantree swung round with an •oath. There, in the doorway, stood Peter Dangerfield. “I beg your pardon, Mr Dantree,” the lawyer said, glibly, coming in, and shut ting the door. “You don’t look pleased io see me, but that is not to be won dered at.” “ Wherever did you spring from?" Mr Dantree demanded, angrily. “I sprang from nowhere—I’ve given up .gymnastics. I drove over from Castle ford in the rain, on important business '—important business to you. A quar ter-past five”—he drew out his watch— “and I see you are all dressed for the ■ceremony. That gives us an hour and three-quarters—plenty of time for what I want you to do.” “What — you — want — me — to —do, Mr Dangerfield. I confess I am at a loss to-” ■ “'Jio understand me—exactly—quite natural that you should, and all that. __ - ~ I’ll explain. Circumstances have come to light concerning Sir John Dangerfield and—well—and the young lady you are going to marry. As a friend oL’ yours, Mr Dantree, I consider it would l>e a shameful deception to let the marriage go on while you are in ignorance of those circumstances. Sir, you have been grossly deceived—we have all been, and —but it is impossible for me to explain. Thereby hangs a tale, and all that— which 1 don't wish to tell. The person who told me is waiting at Castleford to tell yon. 1 drove here at once—my trap is waiting outside now. I made my way to your room unannounced. I know the house, and I want you to put on your hat and great-coat and come with me to Castleford at once.” Gaston Dantree stood very pale, lis tening to this lengthy and rapid harangue. His presentiments wore all true, then — something was going to occur. At the last hour the glittering prize for which he had fought, and which ho had won. was to be snatched from him. His lips were set hard, and there was in his black oves a dull red glow not good to see. Bui he kept his temper—under all circumstances it was the rule of his life to keep that. “Mr Dangei-ilelii.” he said, “ will you he so good as to open the mysteries a little? Your speech sounds melo dramatic—and I don’t care for melo drama. off the hoards. “Why am I to go io Castleford” What arc the circum stances? Whom am I to meet, and how have we all been deceived? Do you wish to insinuate anything against Miss Dangeriieid V” “Not a word—not a syllable. She is blameless, and I don’t wish to stop your marriage. Heaven, forbid! Ho one wilt wish you joy two hours' hence, when the ceremony is over, more sin cerely than I.” - Gaston Dantree looked at him. stag gered a little. The marriage was not lo be stopped, then. He drew a long, tense breath of relief. “This is a.ll very strange. I wish you would explain. I’ll go with you to Cas tleford—it will kill the intervening time as well as anything else—-but I’d rather not go in the dark.” “You must. Take my word for it, Dantree, it is necessary . It is impos sible for me to tell you—I am bound by oath. Come with me—come! I swear you shall be at Scarswood by seven o’clock.” For a moment Dantree stood irreso lute. Then curiosity overcame every other feeling. He seized his hat and coat with a slight laugh. "Be it so, then. Lead on, as they say in novels, I follow—and, my good fellow, drive like the very deuce.” He ran lightly down stairs ; Peter Dangerfield followed. There was a flush on the lawyer's sallow, parchment cheeks, a fire in his dim, near-sighted eyes, all unusual there. They met no one. The squire was still in his room, the servants were busy. The lamps of Mr Dangerfield’s trap loomed like two fiery eyes in the stormy blackness. Dan tree leaped in, Dangerfield followed, snatched up the reins, and sped away like the wind. It was a silent drive. It was all Peter Dangerfield could do to hold the reins and make his way through the double darkness of night and storm. Gaston Dantree sat with folded arms waiting. AVhat was he to hear? where was he going? whom was he to see? A strange adventure, this, surely, on a man’s wed ding night. The lights of Castleford gleamed (hA.sleet,_the dull cannonading of the sea on tlfcrrBW- —- -^m above the shrieks of the wind. In live minutes they had driven up before an inn, the two men sprang out, an ostler took charge of the conveyance, and Peter Dangerfield, with a brief “ This way, Dantree,” sprang swiftly up the stairs, and rapped at a door on the first landing. It was opened instantly, and Gaston Dantre saw—Mrs Vavasor. She was magnificently dressed to night. A rich robe of purple silk, en traine. swept behind her—diamonds Hashed on neck and fingers—and white, perfumery roses nestled in the glossy masses of satin-black hair. The rouge bloomed its brightest, the enamel glit tered with alabaster dazzle, the almond eyes were longer, brighter, blacker than ever, and that peculiar smile on her squirrel-shaped mouth was never so radiant before. “You did not expect to see me, Mr Dantree, did you? You didn’t know I have been in Castleford a whole week? And I’ve come for the wedding all the way from Paris. I crossed the Chan nel at the risk of expiring in the agonies of sea-sickness, I braved this beastly British climate. I have buried myself alive a wnole week here, without a soul to speak to—all—to be present at Kathe rine Dangerfield’s wedding, if—that wedding ever takes place.” Mr Dantree looked at his watch, out wardly, at least, perfectly cool. “It will he an accomplished fact in a little over an hour, madame. And there is a good old adage about it's being well I to wait till you're asked—wouldn’t it have been better if you had remembered it? Your affection for Miss Dangerfield does credit to your head and heart, but I fear it is unreciprocated. She loves you as Old Nick loves holy water.” "Nevertheless, I shall go to her wed ding. I told her so once, and I mean to keep my word, if—as I said before—that wedding ever takes place.” “ Will you be kind enough to ex He was quite white, but braced to meet the worst. He looked at her stea dily between the eyes. She stood and returned that gaze smiling, silent, and with a devil glittering in each glitter I ing eye. For Peter Dangerfield, he stood aloof and listened. “ What a fortunate fellow you are; Gaston Dantree,” Mrs Vavasor said, after that short pause. '“Ydu are the very handsomest man, I think, I ever saw; you are the best singer of the operatic stage I ever heard; your man ners are perfect in their insolent ease; you are seven-and-twenty, a charming age; and you possess what so seldom goes %vilh beauty, unhappily—brains. The world is your oyster, and you open it cleverly; you are a penniless Ameri can adventurer, and a baronet’s daugh ter, the heiress of eight thousand a year, is waiting at Scarswood to marry you to-night. Under what fortunate combination of the planets were you horn, I wonder. You don’t love this young lady you are going to marry; but love is an exploded idea—’the stock-in trade of poets and novelists. People with eight thousand a year can dispense with love; but where the bride and groom are both penniless—oh, well! that’s another matter." “Mrs Vavasor, it is after six o’clock. Did you send for me to listen to a hom ily? If so, having heard it, allow me to take my departure.” “Don’t be in a hurry, Mr Dantree— there’s no occasion. Seven o’clock will come, but I don’t believe we’ll have a wedding to-night, after all.” “You have said that three times!”— Gaston Dantree’s eyes were growing stem, and his mouth was set in one thin, hard line. “The same thing re peated too often grows a bore. Be kind enough, if you mean anything, to tell me what you mean.” “I will. I mean this, my handsome Louisianian—that your bride-elect is no more a baronet’s daughter—no more Sir John Dangerfleld’s heiress—than I am!” 