CHAPTER II.—BERTRAM ORE. At half past two o'clock of the same day a tall, gaunt-looking man carries up the narrow staircase of the Prince of Wales Hotel two large buckets full of water, and empties them into a tub on the floor of a small dark bedroom. He stands for a few seconds gazing at this apology for a bath; then gives vent to his feelings in language. "Well," says he, "of all the darned dirty places I ever was in this Fiery Cross takes the cake." "Water sixpence a gallon, and if you say its dirt cheap at this price they round on you with yarns of how at one time they walked ten miles with their darned tongues hanging out of their darned mouths to get a drink at two shillings and sixpence. 'It would come cheaper if I took a hundred gallons,' one chap said, and ''hadn't I got a tank ?' Better order a Noah's Ark at once !" "It's a land of sand, sin, and sorrow," says another chap, and he goes on to tell me how his brother, what had the fever, escaped from the hos- pital and walked into a Govern- ment dam to cool hisself. How Master Bertie could come to this darned dirty wilderness I can't think ; but his lady mother says to me— " 'Giles,' says she, 'my son is going to the Westralian goldfields to make his fortune, and you must go with him, be- cause he's just the age when the fever takes them worst. And you'll tell me if he gets ill or anything. You're too old to take the fever yourself, and maybe you'll pick up some gold, gold in nuggets.' And she give3 me fifty pounds to cable with, and this is safely sewn up in my best waistcoat pocket. "Well ! as to picking up gold, I take it my lady didn't know its only after rain they find nuggets in this place, and it don't rain here once in a blue moon, not it. If it did they'd never bring salt water out of their darned mines and condense it as they call boiling the salt out of it. Weil, if ever it do rain, I'll go 'speck- ing' as they call looking for gold in this place. Yes—just for the experi- ence?" He stalks to the dressing table and flicks the dust from the looking glass, then proceeds to carefully wipe his master's dressing case. His face is the colour of parchment, his hair and mous- tache are sandy, his eyes which are small and blue, twinkle beneath thick yellow eyebrows. About fifty, a soldier and a bachelor, Giles is part and parcel of the Ores to whom he has belonged from the day on which he reported him- self drunk to a member.of the family "Sergeant Giles drunk!" "Go to the cells!" The Dowager Lady Dansville heard of it and introduced him to the role of old family servant, pardoning his weak- ness to intoxicants, because he is never garrulous, and trusting him with her favourite son whose body servant he has been for many years before accompany- ing his master to the goldfield. "Well, what's the matter now?" Bertram Ore asks. He has come in, and thrown himself on the bed. The extra half-inch of his stature inclines him to laziness. "Nothing, sir, nothing," says Giles, drawing himself erect, "I was, only thinking about your shirts, sir. They charge a pound a dozen here for washing and they don't wash at all when there's a dust storm, and as the wind blows here most always, I was——" " Oh, shut up. Get an empty kero- sene tin, and wash the things yourself. It will be an experience. And I say Giles you'll have to learn to engross." "What, sir?" "I'm going to turn you into my clerk," says Ore. "You'll sit in the office and engross. You understand?" "No, sir." ''The deuce you don't. Look here. There's no law in this Fiery Cross, but there's a law giver who evolves justice out of his inner consciousness. Western Australia is a one man country, there's a Premier who rules the capital, and a Warden who rules the goldfield. Its all beautifully simple, you see, you leave your law in your office, and in court you please the Warden, that's to say we poor beggars of lawyers must do it. It might be worse, for the Warden's a strong man with an inmate sense of jus- tice and a natural love of fisticuffs. I can do nothing in my profession here for the next six months, thanks to the Western Australian law that says a man must be half a year in the colony before he attempts to practise as a lawyer. So you'll sit in my office, Giles, and engross that is you'll write in red and black ink as well as yon can on parchment. You'll hear all that goes on there, and say nothing. The first thing a man learns on a goldfield is to hold his tongue. Now go and fetch me a long drink, a whisky and soda with plenty of ice in it." Left to himself Ore begins to think over the events of the morning. First he paid a visit to his bank. A man's best friend on a goldfield as every- where else is his banking-account. Then he called on the Warden and made the acquaintance of the chief Magistrate's wife in a semi-Government like house built on a hill overlooking the township. With the Warden he went to the Law Courts and was presented in proper form to his brother-lawyers, and he watched the proceedings there for an hour and heard the Warden pass sentence according to the merits of the case based on many years experience of a goldfield. From the Law Courts he went to the Miner Office, and with the editor to the focus of business, the Eschange, and in the centre of billiards and whisky, the club. At the latter place he was made an hon member, and presented to the men that the reader met at break- fast, but as yet "the leading men" have made no distinct impression on his brain, and they are all jumbled to- gether in his mind as big and small, dark and fair, colonials and Europeans. The editor has impressed him the Warden's personality looms large on the horizon of his consciousness, but the other men he takes, so far, at the esti- mate of the editor, with a grain of salt of course, knowing all journalists to be prejudiced. At lunch his seat was between Scott and the editor, and he listened to much conversation about mines, gold returns, crushing machinery, and shares, mixed, with guesses inore or less correct con- cerning the London market. He fancies that he detects a slightly parochial accent in the talk of "the leading men of the place," natural enough in this little hub of the universe in the midst of a sandy desert. Want of water is at the root of nearly all of the problems dis- cussed. That the field cannot be properly developed till, some gigantic scheme brings water to the district is the burden of the conversation. So on through lunch, after which the men go back to their offices, wiping their faces with pocket-handkerchiefs, and switching away flies with cow-tails and fly-nets. "Where on earth have you been?" he asks when Giles appears at last. "You've had time to go to Jericho and back," he adds, taking his glass. "Why, what's the matter with you? You look as if you'd seen a ghost." "I'm not sure I have not, sir," says Giles. "If she had not stopped me and spoke to me, I'd never have believed it, I was that astonished." "She? Who?" "Why, Miss de Lisle, sir—I mean Lady Lady Beaumont. I beg pardon, sir, but what's the matter? Ain't the whisky strong enough." "Oh, yes ; it's all right. Lady Beau- mont, you say. Where is she?" "As I was coming out of the bar, sir, by the little parlour, I saw a lady—I looks at her, and I says to myself, 'Sure that's Miss de Lisle what was. And then she calls out 'Giles,' and, sir, it was her—I mean it's Lady Beaumont." "Well," says Ore, "get out, I want bath." After the man is gone, Ore lies staring at the ceiling. Like a lightning flash comes back to him an episode in his life, savouring of madness. He cannot, put it away: it stands before him in its resurrection dress, vivid as on the fatal day when it was experienced. How brightly the sun shone that winter morning when he came back from the meet with the brush, after a glorious run! How the blood tingled in his veins, forcing him to laugh and whistle when he came to the holly hedge that was their trysting place! How the light danced on the glistening leaves and red berries of the holly as he cleared the hedge. And then—— Well, she was.there—only with another. "Let me introduce you to my fiancée," she said to him. "Mr. Bertram Ore, Sir Robert Beaumont." A low bow, .the brush dropped at her feet, the horse set at the hedge again, and then a spill. Not much harm done, only a broken arm, and a long walk home with the horse, followed by brain fever and convalescence. Six years have passed by since then, and till to-day he fancied the wound had healed completely. It was pretty painful at the time, and now it aches a bit, in sympathy perhaps with past experience. What is she doing here? He has heard rumours that Sir Robert is not a pattern husband, but has always shelved all reference to his lost sweet- heart. Has she changed much? What a tantalizing little thing she used to be when they were boy and girl together! "If I had had the title, she would have married me," he thinks bitterly, "she married for position and money, or per- haps for what that old fossil Giles calls experience.'' He laughs and gets up. It is quite dark in the hot little bed- room, his bath is tepid. Why has he come to this Goldfield? he asks himself. He knows that this woman has upset his life, has made him restless, perhaps ambitious. Wounded pride has some- thing to do with it, but au fond is a seething desire to do, to be something. For this purpose he must command wealth—a few thousands are useless. So he has come to Wait Awhile with the capital lately inherited from his father to try his luck, or, as Giles puts it "to get experience.'' With wealth he can enter politics, and leave his mark on his generation. He wants a deep draught of something to quench his thirst. In fact, discontent is rampant in him. He is seethingly ambitious. Presently he goes out on the balcony and looks down on Bow-street. The wind has risen, and is sweeping clouds of dust before it. In the distance willy-willies, like the ghosts of snakes and serpents, writhe on the ground or wriggle upwards—spiteful, destructive, mischievous. The sky is streaked with soft, white cloudlets that in any other place but Western Australia would pre- sage rain ; here they only tell of coming dust-storms and dangerous willy- willies. A long train of camels thread its way to au Afghar camp outside the town, and the "ships of the desert " bend their long necks stiffly and look superciliously down or the little mannikins hurrying in and out of offices. On their necks and backs are strange ornaments, and beside them walk Afghans in white turbans, loose white trousers, and smart, many-coloured jackets. The Moham- medan priest, with many yards of white muslin swathed round his head, drives past. In his rear come a party of aborigines., clad in cast-off European garments, dogs and picanninies trailing behind the gins. Ore bends over the balcony railings, and he is conscious of a certain grip at the heart that betokens loneliness. In vivid contrast to his semi-barbaric sur- roundings comes back the memory of that winter sun glistening on the holly hedge, and the depression he experiences seems to increase as he thinks of that morning. "I'll go to the club for a game of billiards," he says. But before he can make up his mind to face the wind and dust in Bow-street a little hand is laid on his arm, and a voice says, "Oh, Bertie, it seems too good to be true that you are here. Oh, Bertie, isn't this an awful place—isn't it hideous?" 