:1: aN : ADYMTUEESS THEOTJGH DEVOTION, ? ? ????♦ ? ' CHAPTER VIII. ,'V DonGaspaTd drank up his glass :- ofMaderiaJightedanothercigarettQ, \awned ns if thora wao nothing iu the world -which occupied Ilia mind arid Niimterecl out of tho cafo, 1 Standing at the door for a few se conda, as if uncortiiin in which direction to turn his stops, yet in ,] balf an hour lie was in tho express i bound ior Calais en route for Lou clon,, The same day Mr. Vandam had \ been brought before a London magiRtauite. Tho Auatralian swore that the curate -was the roan ho Had 'seen sponldDs to tho so-called Coun tess di. San Yincejito, and who lmol hurriedly left her when ho entered the waiting room. This ?was all the information ho could offer to incriminate the reverend gentle man, though his legal adviuer urged that it was proof that Mr. Yandam had some connection with the adventuress, and that his sudden departure on the approach of tho Australian was, without a satisfac tory explanation, strong evidence of his being privy to the ladv'B do , signs. The ?BolicitQr wliom tho curate had engaged on tho spur of the moment strongly dopiecated infer ences of such a description being deduced Eespolco of Ma*. Vandam's position.; declaring that it was absurd to try and connect him further than its a casual acquaint ance with the notorious connless. At thin stage the curate inter rupted his solicitor, who apparently listened to his observations with some impiitieaee. ' My client,' he wont on, 'wishes mo to withdraw this expression, Parhaps., after all, he is right, aa the.la-ily is not present to answer for herself, and wboae criminality rests simply on tbs word df a disap pointed anl baffled admirer.' 'This is scarcely to tho point,' sold the Tnagisitmte, 4I I understand your contention to bo tbat only a casual acquaiutanco existed between the prisoner and tho lady who calted herself Countess di Sau VineentoJ There 5a no ovidonco that excepting on this occasion, they were ever seen together. If you can satisfactorily account for this moot ing I veall/do not eeo that there are any grounds for suppoaing that your client ib implicated in any con spiracy.' * My client, your worship,' ro turned tho Bolicitor, ' feels some scruple iu accounting for his acquaintance with this lady.' ' Is it any scruple of conscience in connection with his profession as a clergyman?' asked tho magistrate. ' No, your worship, a scruple of honour,' replied tho solicitor. ' Iu this jour only explanation P' asked tho magistrate sternly. ' Tho only ouo I can obtain from my client ; but I trust your wor ship ? ' 'I do not think it worth your whilo to continue,' interrupted the magistrate. ' The only defence you offer is a practical confession that the prisoner ia the person who was in tho lady's company, and certainly to my mind there are grounds for supposing that ho did not wish the prosecutor to see him with this woman. Tho prisonor, by refusing to give an explanation of his acquaintance with this person who went by the name of the Countess di Sau Yincente, undoubt edly leaves it to be Supposed that there is at least something rospact iu# thia connection which he docs not wish tliKclosed, I do not Bay that it naturally implies a com plicity in the woman's plans, though I feel it my duty to commit the prisoner to take his trial on tho charge. ' You will allow bail, your wor ship ?' said the solicitor. ' Yes, two substantial sureties in ono thousand pounds each, and the prisoner's own rocognisances in two thousand pounds.' The solicitor, when he found Cecil Vandam resolved to bo silent con cerning his acquaintance with the mysterious lady, and unable to deny hib identity with tho clergy man seen in her society at tho station, had forseon tho magis trates's decision, and acting on his own responsibility, had telegraphed to Lord Concolly that in all proba bility substantial bail would be re quired. Early in the afternoon tho nobleman was in London, and, together with the old family solici tor, attended the police court, and they were duly accepted as bail, Cecil being thua at liberty till the trial should tako placo at the Old Biviley in three weeks time. ' Cecil,' said his brother as they left togethor, ' what is the meaning of all this ? Of course, I do not need you to disclaim your guilt, I don't for ono moment entertain a doubt on this, subject j but how, in tho narrao of goodness, have you become entangled with this adven turess, and you engaged to bo married, too? Ideas of honor with regard to women are, of courso, well enough in their way, but you must not be quixotical and allow a disgrace to fall on us all because you wish to shield an adventuress.' ' My clear Eonalcl,' replied Cecil, ' I cannot think, much less argue, at present. All I can say is that I refuse to think ill of this woman, and I should be a coward to betray her. Sho has boen foolish, I will even own she haa sinned, but I believe under strong temptation.' ' It cannot bo yoursoU speaking, Cecil, or, if it is, I can only con clude that you are another hypo crite among the ranks of scoundrels, It is awful to think that you, a clergyman, and . engaged to be married, should be mixed up in a disgraceful scandal with a disrepu table woman.' ' I won't listen to this, even from you,' returned Cecil, his face scarlet, ' Who are you to judge mo ? Can not you uudorstand the blow which has i'alleu on me—a blow shattering my life's happiness ?' Lord Coucolly shrugged his shoulders. ' Out of charity, Cecil, I can only conclude something has affected your brain, and I trust that the re flection and meditation will soon re stove you to reason, though— though ? » ' Finish,' «:iid Cecil. ' Though —though you fjiiid.' ' If you must have it,' went on Lord Coucolly, 'I was about to add, though I feared you had ruined your character.' ',' Bah ! ' said Cecil, ' what is character but what one's follow mortals choose to think of me. As long as I can maintain my self respect, what matters tho rest? — oh, i£ I can only preserve my self respoct, Eouald, without sacrificing what has become tho joy, the hope of my existence.' ' By all that's holy, Cecil !' ex claimed his brother, ' to listen to you ono would bolievo you had fallen a victim to this adventuress' suares~why, man alive, what witchcraft has befallen you ?' ' My brother,' returned Cecil, gravely, 'my earnest prayer to heaven is that my duty and inclina tion need not be at varianco— should they bo so, depend upon it that in spito of every sacrifice, I shall prof or duty.' ' Well spoVon, my brother,' said Lord Concolly, '? Excuse what I may havo said, Cecil, in a moment of excitement. All this affair is an awful mystery to mo ? I am sure when all ia cleared up there will not be a blemish on your honor.' 'Thank you, Ronald,' said Cecil, holding out his hand. His brother grasped it warmly, ' Where are you going to stay Cecil, till all this settled ?' ' I am going to Offingtou by tho 4,40 this afternoon,' tho curato replied. ' Is this wise till ? till?' 'You would say till after the trial,' answered Cecil. ' Yes, I think it best. I can tell you truth fully I have my conscience quite clear. I should be a coward if I feared to face my fellow men, be sidos ? ' ? ' I will corao with you, if you like,' said his brother, impulsively. ' No,' returned Cecil, '.I must be alone in tho struggle which is before mo.'. The brothers parted, Lord Coucolly sorely puzzled and Cecil Vandam with his heart nearly breaking under tho knowledge that fflnea and the Countess di Sau Vinconto were one and the same person, CHAPTER XI. iEnea had not been through aU the oxoitement and mental torture of a life which required constant tension of all her neurotic powers without having suffered soriously in tho struggle, and when the last great shock came, whon the ovor_' wrought nerves gavo way, it seemed as if a total collapse had overtaken her. She was still unconscious when tho doctor arrived, and tho man of medicine looked grave as ho grasped the serious nature of tho syucopu. However.it was fated that iEnea's turn of life was not yet run, and eventually her heart regained power, restoring circulation. But the attack seemed to have carried away all activity of body and mind. Sho was conscious, that was all. It scorned as if olio were under the influence of a strong narcotic, hor solo sensation being a restful calm, a knowledgo of exist euco with no power or will to think. The next morning there was still an improvement, though she re tained the longing for rest which body and mind equally shared. ' It is a great reaction,' said tho doctor, ' which naturo sometimes works— mercifully works, I may saT — for Miss Bluett has been suf fering from some great over- exertion of the mind, and had this not taken place, brain fever or total loss of reason might have been tho conse quence.' yEnea slept all tho morning and lato into tho afternoon, and when she awoke hor scattered Houses struggled hard to gather up the broken thread of what had taken place. Gradually memory returned like some mighty searchlight bringing out all tho events that had been hidden in darkness. ' I must got up— I must go in stantly to London,' she said to hoi1 solf. ' I must save him. What do I care now what happens to myself?' She managed to dress and stagger downstairs, the ghost of hor former self, yet resoluto and re gardless of self, Hor father and mother wore startled; thoy looked upon her resolution as a vagary of her ill ness, Her weakness was so great that eho could scarcely find words to convey her meaning, and more or less hor expressions wore vaguo and rambling. Mr, Bluett waa not of a man at emergencies, and ex citedly rang tho boll, ordering a servant to run in haato for tho doctor. His wife more sonsib'ly pretended to acquiesce in all iEnea said, simply pointing out that she would require strength for her journey, and per suading her to take some nourish ment. Tiino Avas thus gained, and Mneu had some strong beef tea and dry toast on a table by hor Bide, forcing herself to take it in order that sho might gain strength for her journey, which was still the predominant idea of her miud — when tho visi tor's bell had rung, and tho sorvant announced that Mr. Vaudam had called and she had shown him into tho drawing-room. ' Mother,' exclaimed /lUnea, 'keep fathor out of the way. I much see him alone, I have 80 much to tiay to him. Fray don't let us bo disturbed !' Mrs. Bluett saw that it would do jfiiioa more lmrin to try to keep her from seeing the curato ovou than the necessary excitement which the interview must entail, ' Certainly, my dear if you pro mise to finish your beef -tea beforo you go in. I, in the moanwhile.will look after your father,' Thin was a pretence to pop into tho drawing room and bog Mr. Vandam to persuade Mima, to bo calm, and to depart as soon as pos sible.' Bui all this had to be said hurriedly indeed, for Mrs. Bluett had ecarcoly beeu two minutes with Cecil when she hoard her daughter's footsteps. Sho hurried away through the window leading on to tho lawn, as jfiuea opened tho door, and stood in tho doorway seemingly hesitating to approach for fear of a robui'f, but with her eyes, lumgry in their eagerness for oucouragomout, fixed on him. Oh, how pale sho was ! but how impresjsingly beautiful. Her largo blue eyea wero wido open with a half startled expression, nhe 'was all womanly in woman's purost ideality — woman acknowledging weakness, and looking for support and strength to tho man sho loves. 'yKnca,' Raid Cecil, 'you aro ill, it needs no ono to tell mo that, my poor child. Sit dowu and rest quietly, when you aro stronger we will talk over this — this busiuess ; I will only say what I hope you knew intuitively — that I guessed everything and havo said nothing to betray you.' ' No, no,' answered iEnoa, ' I must know all now, Cecil, I cannot boar the suspense, Tell mo t\u worst, scorn, despise mo, I dosorvo it — oli, but tell me you can still lovo aud forgive. I am glad, Cecil, you know all the secret that was break ing my heart. I was an unheeding, what you might, perhaps, call an unprincipled, girl till I knew you, Cecil, and then, dear, how I longed I could undo what I had dono. Oh ! Cecil, Cecil, ia there no purgatory of self-sacrifice and suffering which may gain mo again the paradise of your love ?' She had sunk on a chair, bury ing hor face in her hands. She could not see his faco, but she heard his voice, hushed to a whisper as ho murmured : 'Tell mo all, iEnea— all, all, and I will find oxeuses for you ; love is beyond tho analysis of reason. AVo love because ayo love, and lot the world stand amazed with damning proof, I shall love you still, My heaven ! if this is oin pardon me, but I caunot believe it is ho. I am sure it ia an inward revelation of your worth which may havo been misled by an impulse, but has never been occupied. Though onco St. Paul was a blasphemer, yet this did not stand as a bar to his election, Though you may havo been foolish it cannot alter tho fact that you havo a noble and exalted soul,' ' You don't mean this ; you don't mean you still Ioyc mo !' hIio exclaimed. .' Lovo you,' he repoated, '' yes, yes, I lovo you, if love can express srch a superlative as my feelings for you. I hardly daro think of what might heve been ii! there, had been necessarily a conflict botwoon my love and principle, But thank heaven, I know thero is none. It calls into action all that is best in me ; a desiro to protect, to guard you, and make both our lives happy in mutually encouraging oach other to our duties to others, and to seek' peace and truo joy iu the sorvico of heaven.' A slight color had conic to^Knea's face as sho looked up at him. ' Cecil,,' sho said, ' you have made me quite happy — quite strong. Do you know, dear, I am almost glad you hiiYO so much to forgivo for it discloses to mo how true and generous your lovo is ; yes, and it onablos mo to do my duty. 'You mean to return tho money,' ho interposed. ' Yes, I must return tho money. I would it could bo otherwise,' and then bIio told him tho truth respecting hor father's position. ' My darling,' lie said, ' I know tho motivo would almost sanctify the means. We will see what we can do for your father. I am not a poor man. I havo au allowauco by my father's will of twolvo hun dred a year ; wo can spare enough for your father.' 'How good aud gonoroua you aro, Cecil,' she said ; ' but the expia tion will not be complete with tho returning of the money. 'I'hero ia a blot on you, dear, which must bo cleared, and which I am resolved to do.' ' You aro resolved to do ?' he re peated . ' Yes,' she answered. ' I feel it my duty to bear the blame 1 de serve, and by tho public confession of my sin to show how wrongfully you have boon suspected.' | ' No, no,' he eaid ; ' this need j not be, /tinea ; you aro exaggerating j tho necessity of tho case. Thoy ! cannot force mo to speak, and it will bo equally impossible to con demn mo on tho evidence.' ' If you deserved puniBhmont would you escape by a quibblo, Cecil ?' hIio asked. ' It is because you aro guiltless that you daro resort to the expedient of silence.' 'My first thought is for you, iEuea. It is weak, worldly, if you like, but the resolution to defy the fleah in every form requires a saint. I could bear everything, anything for myself ? but to hour your name in everybody's mouth! No, no, full and amplo restitution, must be made to those men ; let the _ rest remain, if it bo possible, between ourselves and heavon, as long as you do not benefit from your weakness. Why, why oxposo youTflfllf to the world's sooffs— forgiveness and pardon are from heaven, wo will seek these direct.' ' I am not convinced, Cecil ? aud yot, dear, I would I were. You preach a comfortable doctrine— a doctrine which seems to open out to me dreamn of such happiness but should not my regard for your honor bo greater than your anxiety for my reputation, since it is I who am tho sinner ? and I seem to feel that sooner or later retribution must come,' ' I cannot bear it, iEnea, Pro miso mo to bo entirely guided by me. Promise me that you will not oxposo yourself, my loved one.' But before iEnea could answer tho door opened aud Mr. Bluett came it. ' Why, Vandam, what is this cock-and-bull story? In tho name of all that's wonderful, how did you como across this clever countess F Isn't /flnea jealous ? No reason to bu, e\\\ ? The vicar sweara you were trying to convort her from hor Itoinish practices. One thing io suro, down hero uo one — not oven tho Roy, Zaoharia Screech, tho dis puting proachor — will bolievo a word against you. What uonsenso io get up such a charge bocause you wero seen to speak to hor. Why, The Evening Times, which tho pariah clerk, whom tho vicar sent up ou purpose, has just brought down, says truly enough that wo all thought tho comiteBs a very grand lady, and that it was an honor to bo recognised by hor, No one dus peoted hor character until sho had left, and she sot her admirers at liberty to wag their tongues. Tho vicar's waiting in tho dining-room to see ) ou, You can dopend on ovoryouo at Oflington. liven tho old women want to light a bonfire to wolconio you Lome. iHneni must spare you now, I must flay you seom to have cured her. Oh, love, ,love! dear mo, there is no time in our lives like our courting days ; there ia oven n sweetness in Borrow when wo have tho consolation of love to fall back upon, But come along, Vaudam, tho vicar will grow impatient before I have finished the praines of lovo.' iEnea, left alone, reasoned with herself till her head aehod. Sho was naturally self-willed, and in spito of all her lover had said was resolved to clear him, lot tho sacri fice cost what it might to herself. 