Sermon. First Hecorded "Words of Jesus. By Lath Rev. C." H. Srur.GEOtf. Thou thus dealt with us! behold, Thy father anil I have sought Thee sorrowing. Ani lie said unto them, how is it that ye nought Me * t be about My Father's 41'. These words are von' interesting, because they are the first recorded utterances of our divine Lord. No doubt He said much that wa> very admirable while yet a cliild, but the Holy Ghost has not seen fit to record any thing except these two questions, as if to teach us that childhood should be retiring and modest—a stage of preparation rather than of observation. We hear iittle of a holy child, for modesty is a precious part of its character. We ought, therefore, to give all the more earnest heed to these words, because they stand at the very forefront of our Lord's teaching, and are in some respects the announcement of His whole life. Spoken as they were ut twelve years of age, we may regard them as the last words of His childhood and the first words of His youth. If all our youth had the same miud which was in Christ Jesus, what evidence we should have that the Spirit of God had been working upon our children, and was now about to speak through our youth ! 1\. Notice, first, that Ho evidently per-; ceived most clearly His high relation ship. Mary said, "Thy father and I have sought Thee sorrowing." The child Jesus had been wont to call Joseph His father; no doubt, and Joseph was His father in the common belief of those round about Him. We read m reference to our Lord, even at thirty years of age, thc.-e word*—"Being, as was supposed, the Son of Joseph." The holy Child does not deny it,.but He looks over the head of Joseph, and He brings before His mot herV mind another Father. " Wist ye not that I must be about My Father's busi ness r" Ho does not explain this saying, but it is evident enough that lie remembered then the wonderful relationship whirii ex isted between His humanity and the great GoJ ; for He was not conceived after the ordinary manner, but He had come into the world in such a ia-bio:» that it was said 1o Marv, "Thar holv Tiling which shall be born of thee shall bo called the Son of God." In a still higher sense and as a Divine being, ho claimed filial relationship with the Mo?t High, but here no doubt he speaks a* a man, and a* a man lie •rails God " My Father" after a higher fashion than we can do, because of His mysterious binL You notice that all through His life He never calls God "our Father," although He bids u* do so. We arechildrcn of the same family, and when we pray we arc to siv, " Our Father, which art in heaven," hut our Lord Jesus has still a filial relationship more special than ours, and tlierof.ro to God Ho says on llis own account, " My Father." This I holr Cliild next perceived the constraints of ! this relationship. He says, "Wi-»t ye u .t that I must he about My Father's bu-hicssF' Write that " must " in capital letters. It is the first appearing of an imperious " tnu:-t " which swayed the .Saviour all along. We j find it written of Him that "lie must J needs go through Samaria," and He Himself i said, " I must preach the kingdom of God | and again, "I must abide iu thy house;" I and again, " J must work the works of Him ! that, sent -Me." "The Sou of Man mu.-t suffer many tilings, and be rejected of the ciders." "The Son of Man must be lifted up." "It behoved Christ to suffer." As a Sou He must leant obedience by the things which Ho suffcn.il. This First lorn among many brethren must feel all the drawiug* of His Son-hip—the sacred instinct* of the holy nature; therefore He uiuat be about His Father's business. Do you and 1 feel this Diviue "must" as we ought? Do we all feel a hungering* and a thirsting after Him, so that we must draw nigh to Him? The child Jesus begau also to perceive that He Himself personally had a work to do, and so He said, "Wist ye not that I must be about My Father's business?" He had been twelve years silent, but now the shadow of the cross began to fall 0:1 Him, aud He felt a little of the burden of His life work. He perceives that Ho has not come here merely to work iu a carpenter's shop, or to be a peasant child at Nazareth. He has coine.herc to vmdieato the honour of God, to redeem His people, to save them from their sins, and to load an army of blood-washed ones up to the throne of the great Father above; and therefore He de clares that He has a higher occupation thun Mary ahti Joseph can understand. Yet He must go back to the home at Nazareth, and for eighteen years lie mu-t do His Father's business by, as far as we read, doing nothing in the way of public ministry. He must da His Father's business by hearing the Father iu sc.Tet, so that when Hu comes out He may say to His disciples, " A11 things which I have heard of My Father I have made known unto you." So great a lesson had He to teacli that He must spend another eighteen years in learning it fully, and God must open His ear, and waken Him morning by morning to hear as an instructed one, that afterwards He may come forth the Teacher of Israel, the Lord and Master of apostles aud evangelists. Beloved, it is fully time that we, who perhaps have reached 'iU, 40, 50, or CO years, should now bestir our selves and say, " Wist ye not that I must be up and doing in my Father's business"? David had to wait till he heard the sound of a going in the tops of the mulberry trees. Do you not hear the sound of a going now ? Then up aud be doing 1 *2. We shall now think of the Holy Child's home. Here I am obliged to amend oar version, and I am certain that the correction i> itself correct. I am all the more strengthened in this opinion because the revised ver sion endorses the emendation. This is how they toad it: " Wist ye not that I must be in My Father's house ? " That is plainly a complete answer, and ihereiu strikes you as more natural than a reference to business. If Jesus had only said, " Wist ye not that I must be uliout My Father's business?" it would not have been any guide to them as to where He would be, because :til Jiis life long He w;is about llis Father's business, but lie was not always in the temple. He was about His Father's business when lie sat by the well and talked to the woman of .Samaria : and about His Father's business when He trod the waves or the sea of Galilee. Ho might be anywhere, and yet be about Hi* Father's business: but the natural answer to the question was, "JIow is it that ve sought Me; Wist ye not thar. 1 must be in" My Father's bouse?" "Where should Jesus be but in His Father's dwelling-place ? I doubt not that with desire He had desired to eat that puss over when He should get to he 12 years old, and be okl enough to go up to His Father's house in Jerusalem. lie looked tipon the temple as being for lite time the residence of God, where He manibstcd Himself in an unusual degree, and so this holy Child looked upon those walls and courts with delight as IJts Father's house. It seemed most natural to Him that when Jle reached the place He should stay there. He had never really been at home before. Nazareth was ihe place where He was brought up, but Jerusalem's temple was on earth His true home. ',i. Let us learn this holy Child's .special lessou to those who arc seekers. Are there any children of God who have lost sight of Christ? It does happen at times that we miss tin; holy Child, and it happens oftencst when we are happy in company, and so are taken off 'from Him. Mary and Joseph were, no doubt, delighted with the festival, and ho they forgot ,foils. When you miss Him, perhaps ymi will viv to Him, " Lord, I have sought Thee long; I have bs.cn among Thy kinsfolk; I have been to dear saints of Go*', and spoken to them, and have said. •Saw ye Him whom my sou) lovcth, for I have lost Him?' " His answer is, "Where- r fore have you sought Me? " He is not lo to those who long' for Him, Cannot y< - trust Him when lie is away? He doth iuv always smile, but He loves us to the cm* If you are not walking: iu the light of H' countenance, yet you are living in the love < His heart. Jesus sees you when you do nt* see Him; He has reasons for hiding Him self which arc founded in wisdom. Mark, beloved ones, if you aud I want to find ou • Lord, we know where He is; do we not: He is at His Father's. Let us go unt» IJis Father; let us go to our Fathej aud His Father, and let us speak with ' God and ask IIim where Jesus is, if w? have lost His company. 'If there is ever time when a man should pray more tha.~ usual, it is when he feels dead and cold in th holy engagement. Then go and seok Jcsi. at the Father's, and seek him in the Father, work. One more word, and that is to sinner who are seeking Christ. I would not say :. word to discourage any who arc scekiu; Jesus, but I should like to get them far be yond the stage of seeking. Perhaps the Holy Spirit will help them to do so if I gh. Christ's word to them. "llow is it tj ye sought Me?" Dear, dear! That indeed a tumiug of things upside dov Our Lord Jesus has come into the world seek and to save the lost, and is it not an - thing when these who are lost get seek*.. Him? That is a reversal of all order. "H is it," savs He, "That ye sought Me Now, if I am a poor, lost sinner, and crn. honestly say I am seeking Christ, there mv be some blunder .somewhere. How can t* be? How shall I make head or tail of i" Ilore is a sheep seeking the shepherd ; a In pDee of sitvnr seeking its owner. How uo this be? It will all come right if you v' ju>t think of this first — that Jc.fcV Christ is not far away. He is in Father's house. "Where is the Father, house ?" Why, all around us! ■ great Father's house- covers tho wl • world aud all the shirs; He liveseverywhv He dwelleth not in temples made with ban . like this tabernacle or yon cathedral; :* Lord is God outside, in the fields and in - streets—wherever you seek Him. Say not ^ who shall climb to heaven to find dive into the deeps to bring Him up? " word is nigh thee." Here is Christ in dlib* midst of us! What arc you looking man? Are you seeking for some spirit of sKsy - night? An old man of mv acquaintance in great distress was looking for spectacles. Dear, good man, ho ct not have seen if he had not '«• them on, and he was lookTjy' through his spectacles, and by their aid find them. So, many souls arc looking afigi* Christ by the grace which they huvorcceh in Him. Jesus is near. Believe iu Hi Jtceollcct also another thing, that Christ nr. he about His Father's business. And \vb' is His Father's business? Why, to sa. sinners. This is His great Father's deligh Ho is glad to bring his prodigals homo. A..*_ you seeking Jesus as if fie would not be foun-' —as if it were hard to tuake Him hear, a1 difficult to win His help ? Why, He is bu.. iu saving sinners. Je>us sits ou Zion's biC Ho receives poor sinnC-rs still. Be encourage*' and do not go about among your kinKfc1 seeking Him, nor with bitter tears and cri. • ' of despair luok for Him as if He wero hidiu< away from you. He is not far from any 01 • of us. lie stands before yon, and He you tr ust Him. Look to Hun aud be saveu j Do you look? You are saved. Goou you " way rejoicing. God bleas you. Amen. Tho copper coinage of the world is esfi nated at over ThOUU.OOO. 'ririted ami published for the Telegraph News paper Company, Limited, by Jamks SsaTiV at the Company's Steam-printing Office, Queen and Elizabeth Streets, Brisbuue.1 