CHIAPTEII XLVIIL AN IMPORTANT LETTEL Varnum Howard was .relieved upon reaching the Grand Pacific Hotel to find that Detective .rown was not there. t would have been difficult to conceal his distrust of the man or to listen unmoved to his endless theories in accounting for the disappearance of the diamond of the Himalayas. "I could not stand his speculations," reflected Howard; "he would show me how suspicion pointed to other parties, and it would be my impossible task to look as if I believed what he said." A plump letter was handed to Howard, which he took to his roomn-oo.n arefnlly read. " Myv D.AR HowARD,-The point which I have anticipated has been reached. I confess that I can go no further; I give it up. It isn't often that a professional detective is thus frank, but justice to you as well as myself will allow me to take no other course. I have resigned all eff.,rts to trace the Eye of the Sun. I leave the morocco case, with its false brilliant, for you to make such use of .as you choose, if, indeed it will ever prove any use to you at all. I have neglected the business which bro_,bht me to Chicago, and ha;e orders from headquarters that cannot be disregarded. I leave town this morning, and may nt see you a5ain un less it be in 'New York. The only charge I make you is for my legitimate expenses. I have done you nm good, and though you offered me a generous fee, I must de cline to accept it. l You will recall that once during a conversation I declared that there is only one man living who can solve this unique problem Idid not give you the name of the person, but t a ?r now going to send you to him. He is a professional chemist, or rather scienttfic experimenter, whom people would call an alclhemist, but which ansme is not appropriate, since his aim and study is not to learn how to turn metals into old, but rather how to manufacture artifcial diam onds Ie believe he has succeeded, but the stones pro duced ace so small and the expense so great that as yet the process does not y'c is confident of succeeding even tually and I believe he will, hut with that we have nothing to do. His office is at \- 5th Avenue, New York, third floor. He has fitted up expensive apartments, where he devotes himself during the day andmostoftheeveningtoexperimentation. When you go to him, after mentioning my name, do not fail to tell him I have withdrawn from the case, declaring that he is the only one who can solve the prob lem. That will be a delicate compliment which he will appreciate. " Everything about this man is remark able. He is a creature of moods. If you call upon him at an unfavorable time, as likely as not he will refuse to listen or have anything to do with you. If, on the contrary, he is in one of his genial tem pers, his priceless services will be eagerly given to you. He is a crank cn diamonds and will give you points of which you never dreamed. " In the first place, I doubt whether any living man has so odd a name as his -Soxos. Study it .for a moment. It spells backward and forward the same. You can print it in capitals or small let ters and invert it, and there it is, just as before. Put it on a piece of paper and hold it in front of a mirror, or raise the paper to the light and read it from the other side, and the name is unchanged; in short, after once printing it there is no way of getting rid of it. It is always there and haunts you like a ghost. Bisect the name exactly in the centre, either by a vertical or horizontal line, and it will cut only a single point. I know of a Rev. Ir LMoxom whose name has some but not all of these peculiarities, and if you can produce its equal I will be glad to know it. " Well, MIr SoxJs is just as extraordi nary in appearance and manners as his name, but I will leave you to find that out for yourself. Go to his office, allow him to say all he wishes to say, and it may be nothing at all, or a good deal, according to the mood in which he happens to be, and I repeat my guarantee that he will trace the Eye of the Sun for you and make clear what at present is an incom prehensible mystery to you and me. "You and I have gone into this re markable business far enough to ascertain a few;:facts. Some one exchanged the real brilliant for a sham one. That person was Miss 'Neville or her aunt, Gustavus Hazen, Calvin Wagstaff, Mr Starr, or your servant Briggs. I have asked my self once or twice whether it is within the range of possibility that the lawyer Jukes, in Arkville, with whom the case was en trusted by Wagstaff, could have done the trick. He certainly had the fhancoe, but it seems improbable, though it won't do to say that any supposition, however vio lent, is improbable. I still hold my sus picions, but it is useless to repeat them, for they are without the means of ver; hcation, and since I have withdrawn from the case I will not embarrass you with any more theories NVishing you all pos sible success, I am, very truly, " OLusoy "Baows." Varnum Howard read this letter through with the utmost care. He marked in his notebook the address of Soxos, and then twisting up the missive touched a match to it and flung it into the grate. watching it until naught but ashes remained. There was a grim expression on his face as he returned to his chair and sat down in a thoughtful attitude. "He is considerate enough to give me a list of persons, one of whom he insists is the criminal, but he leaves out the name of Orson Brown, without which the series is incomplete. He did not care to wait and meet me face to face. Trained as he is in tracing crime, he knew he wou d reveal his own guilty secrets in his efforts to turn my belief In a wrong channel. " What does he mean to do i Be has friends on both sides of the Atlantic, but he will trust none of them' "By and by he will take a vacation and cross the ocean, or lhe may do it under the pre tence of bsiness,-so as to have his ex penses paid. He will flit here and there, when the way is clear puthimself in com munication with the royal house of Russia or England, or perhaps with some wealthy man whose fad is diamonds, and sell the Eye of the. Sun for one hundred thousand dollars at least. Then lie will come home and live out the rest of his days with all the pleasure that a guilty nman can obtain. "But I am not through with him !" exclaimed Howard, with a flash of his fine eyes " He has set me down as a ninny, and he had good reason, but I will have him shadowed by some one who will know his every movement. If it takes years and more than the diamond of the Himalayas is worth he shall be brought to justice." It would seem-that having settled upon Orson Brown as the thief every vestigeof suspicion of others must vanish. Why sho Id he look askance at ?iss Neville or his servant Briggs, who had risked his own life to save his? It maybe said that the torturing misgiving concerning the young lady was that she was connected in some way with the miscreant Hazen. f she did not exchange the jewels the failure was because of lack of opportunity, as in the case of the man. Both held the guilty intent, and were therefore morally guilty. The most puzzling question was con cerning Briggs. Howard must always be grateful to him, but he had been incau tious enough to reveal that he knew his master was carrying with him a worthless paste jewel, when, so far as Howard could recall, there was no way in which Briggs could kno r the fact that did not establish his guilt. It was this which precluded full confidence in the man and checked that rigid examination to which he had meant to subject him. "One thing is curious," continued Howard. "Brown directs me to this crank with the name. of Soexes and gua. rantees that he will recover the diamond for me. If he does he must establish the an idiot as to open the way for them. It must be that Brown believes he has covered his own tracks so well that even Soeos will not see them, but if he doesn't he won't restore the diamond to mae. This reasoning in a circle was exaspe rating, accompanied as it was by thle vague thought that perhaps after all lihe himself had lost his bearings, and was again at sea. 