; IN THE APACHE PASS. ' Toko a sight on that crow, sor, an' then look;. vertically, down! to where the gray moun tains fringe the horizon, an' yell see Apache Pa6s. It's but a dim black lino, ss ye'll noto. , P'raps yo may'uot see it at oil. But I can seo it, - sor, an' there's never a time, oven in tho blackest night, when I cannot. For I, sor, am triebny sumvor of 4 IC Troop of our regimenti that Was wiped out there, barrin' mo, of course, br,the'Auaches in '68.' 44 Yes, I've heard about that,' I answered. Most. oyery ono baa,'' said the sergeant, scntentiously. ' But FU tell you a story about that .fight, sor, i that r I've never told to mortal man beforo-^jm' I've never .told it before because it has a'.ways seemod to me liko a secret tiat was known only to God an' me, poor sinner that l am1/ lBut I'm growing old, an' as all the parties to it but myself are dead an' almost forgotten, I'll tell 'it to you, whilo I rest a bit.' : The old sergeant stopped hoeing potatoes, lit his pipo'and sat flown on an ompty cracker box. Ho was.'tbo character, ' of the post, and of the regiment for thut matter. A soldier in the 44 old army,' before the lata war, he had fought throughout the Rebellion, and had served afterwards on tho plains until ago. bad rendered him almost useless and had compelled his retirement on a pension. It had been pro posed to send him to a 44 soldier's home,'- but 'f thiol places,' ho would say, when the project i was .discussed, ?* is for the volunteers, not for the regulars. I'm going to stay with the regi ment, which is me father an' me mother an' me wife an' cliilder an' all I have in tho world. The old troop needs a gard'ner an' I can be that for many a year. With ycz, I'll stay, till ye fire a volley oyer mo last bunk.' An.t o he did. ' ' As I said before,' resnmed tho sergeant, 44 it was iu '68, an' tho Apaches owned the earth, or at least - this . God-forsaken part of it, an' the way they carried on was outrageous, It wasn't an 4 outbroak,' as they say nowadays. They was simply always ' out.' You could travel a hundred uiiles without'sccing-n one of them, if they didn't want to be seen. An' yet, most every step of the way, if ye'd happen to t'row a stoue to the right or left of the line of march, ye'd. como protty near to hittin' one of the fiends. 41 Well, 4K' troop, , an I in it, was moviri' south with the iutention of locatiu' a. post down on the Mexican frontier. We weren't huntin' Apaches. . . There was no need of that in those days. Thoy did . the huntin'. On tbe con thrary we kept our eyes peeled pretty well, both day sn' night, for wo had with us the captain's youug wife, as pretty a creature as ever smiled under the blue heavens, sor. Captain Homm ing had married ber about a year atter tbe war ended azi' the honeymoon bad lasted up to thot time. That was the reasoushe was with us, for it was not known how many months or years it would be before we got back, an' she and the captaiu couldn't stand a separation of any such length as that promised to be. 44 Next to tho captain an* his wife.in the love of tbe men, was the first lootinint, Thatcher was his name an' a bravo officer an' true gentle man ho was sor. Au* they were the only officers wo had with us, for our sccond lootiuint had been promoted into another troop an' we *rero waiting for a youngster to bo scut to us from the factory at. West Point. Hemming a Thatcher was officers of the old kind, by which I mean they was bosom friends, not quarrelin' enemies like most of 'em is to-day, sor,' askin' yer pardon. They 'was like brothers an' Mrs. Hemming was like a sister to the first lootiuint. An' I am proud to say I was in it, too, in a way ; for I was orderly sergeant of the troop an' enjoyed tbe confidence of both my officers an', I make bold to sayv the kindly regard of the captain's wife. ? 44 To continue, sor ; with three or four scouts in advauce an' a small rear guard of a couple of files, a quarter of a mile behind the pack train, we journeyed along to our fate— which was wattin' for us iu Apache Pass. You may have observed, sor, although you are young, that man's fate does the waitin' m life. It is man, poor divil, that is always hustling about to find it. An' so wo were hurryin' to get to an' through that pass, for it had a bad name. Ot course no one apprihinded any trouble, but the usual precautious bad been taken. We had been marching for weeks, au' every day we had out our advance an' rear guards, au' our sentinels at night, which latter makes hard work wheu you're marching by day. An' before we ever started we all knew our duty to our captain's wife. Iu fact it was staudin' orders that, in case of disaster wheu sbo was with us, she was to be shot rather than let her. bo captured. But none of us ever expected to' be callqd on for that, sor ; for we all knew that it was well understood between Captain Hemming an' Lootinint Thatcher. 'In fact, sor, it was said by the ' men that Captain Hemming had made Lootinint Thatcher take ru oath that he would do that awful duty if the time ever came — an' this iu the preseuco of Mrs. Hemming herself, who knew all about it, an' who smiled at the danger. Still, if any of us had been called on to uuvc hor from the Apaches in that way, it would havo been done, sor, for we all kuew what death would save her from, iu such n case. . : 44 Well, sor, it was about noon that we made the fopt-hills of the Cbiricahua Mountains, au' not moro than half an hour afterwards we entered Apacho. Pass.' '' I'll never 'forget that day.. It was un Arizona (lav. act a cloud in the sky, hot sun beatiug down ou us an' our poor horses piteously, an' everything as quiet as a New England town on Sunday, without the church bells. But thero was somcthiug iu the air, sor, that made us all feel uoeasy, even the horses, sor ; au' it has beeu 'my experience that an old cavalry horse can scent an ^pnebe better 'n a deer can. ? 14 4 O Donuell.' says our flrst-lino sergeant, Tim Murphy, poor dovil, who weut to the wrong place that dAy with his body full of bullets an' his soul full of sius— ' O'Donuell,' says he, 'was that a red. brad band I saw just uow in them gray rocks, to tho right ?' 44 'Red uothiu',' says I, tryin* to laugh, for the fake of tho men behind who bad heard. But the luugh stuck iu my throat, sor, for I | knew that Murphy had eyes like a hawk's, even 1 if he did drink a little now an' then whon he could get it. -44'Twas red an' it moved,' says .Murphy, with an oath that ho may be wor' in' out this very 'day for all I know— for ho died, of course, without the services of a priest, like nil the rrst of them. ' * Wei),' says I, so cool I surprised myscU, * if it was red an' it moved, go up and see what .it was.' But the words wore scarce out of me mouth when, 4 split— spat— rat — tat— tat- bang I' thoy let us have it. , 44 No man, sor, could der.cribb tho next few minutes. It wasn't overy mau for himself, as yc might suppose, but it Wd» every uian do quick what' was best for all of us. Lootinint Thatcher pulled the captain's wife from her horse an1 stowed her between a couple of big rocks in tbe waggin'of a dog's tail. The captain himself, the' last man to dismount, gave the order for skirmishers and a ringing ' Forward march !' and his commands were bugled gloriously by the bugler, till he dropped dead with a holo in his forehead. But it was uo use. The ouly thing we could do was to drop bebiud dead horses an' rocks an' Oght like corncred rati ; for they had us completely surrounded. ' We did bettrr nt first than you would sup pose, for there wcro a good many rocks an' a man could hide most of bis vital parts in some way or other. But when night fell there was hardly a man who wasn't wounded/an' over half '' of them wero doad. ' With night the fifing stop^ ped, for you know* cor, an Apache won't kill; a man after dark, unless he is hard pressed,' fir fear the man's ghost *il] como back and haunt, him. .It ^ras a superstition that was good for us. in a wajr but It only prolonged the torture of the wounded an' Wo all Buffered terrible from thirst, as the little water wo had with us i:dd given out during tho day! But!, worst of all, tho captain had 'beeh'iBhot ? dead, - as he poked his head out to get & shot with a caxblne that ho had taken from a dead - corporal. And. the moanin' of the widow was worse than the yellin' of the Apaches, .whioh they k^pt up continuous all night. 1 don't know, sor, but that the groanin' of tbe wounded, the moanin' of tho widow dtiri the yells of the Apaches 'that night was moro awful than the fightin' during the day. Ati' tho worst of it was that we »ll kuew What was comin* on the noxt day. : indttdo thero was i many a report of a revolver that night that ] meant that wounded men wasfixin' themselves 1 so that tboy couldn't be tortured* an' none of us had the heart to stop. them. ' | ; 44 1 actually shivered all over when I saw the first gray streak of light in the far away East, where civilized folks were sleeping cozy in their tieds. It was just then that Lootinint Thatcher crept over by my side an' laid bis hand on my shoulder. 44 4 O'Donnell,' said be, * What do you think of it ? ' 41 4 1 thinkwo've nothin' loft to do but die like men/says I. 'We'll all be killed, an boar, after thim Apaches can see tho two sights on their guns, an' maybe sooner. Wo'vo no chance whatever, lootinint, au' I'm not tho man to , give in when thero is one/ ; 44 4 Then I must— ' ho said in a sort of groan in* whisper. 1 ' j t 44 4Tho'sooner, the safer ari' better/ answered I ; for I knew what ho meant— ^ -that he must kill the captain's wife, or widow, I should say. In the dim light I could make out . the lootinint with his head bowed in his hands, teariu' at his hair, which was thick an' beautiful. My heart beat with. great sympathy* for, 1 knew the cap tain an' tho captain's wife were like a brother an' sister to him. 41 4 Sure,' says I, to console him, '4 sho's a bravo little woman an* she'll bo wantiu' to go' with her husband — an' you'ro a gentleman on your oath. It will be hard, but it will be duty. You must do it, even for humanity's sake/ The lootinint was sileut a long time an' I could see that something was workin' iu his mind. After a .while ho looked up «t me, with great, round, serious eyes that I'll never forget, an' says : u 4 O'Donnell, you're a man an' Pm a man, an' I, must speak to somebody— I want to tell ye soinetrim'/ ' 44 4 What is it ?' says I, wondering. 44 4 1 love her/ said he. with a great sob.; \- :(The words that came to mo at that moment were not fit to repeat, but the gist of it was that I asked him it bo had been untrue to his friendships 44 4 Never,' said he, with an oath that could have done duty alongside me own, it was oo strong ; an' he raised Lis revolver to strike m«* with' tho butt (an' wo standin' in the preseuce of death). An' then I remembered how ho never went near ber when the captain was not around an' Bome said it meant that he did not like her, an' I knew he was tellin' the truth. . «? * forgive me, lootinint/ says 1, 4 1 know it. 1 was not thinkin'. Wo are but men an' we won't be that long/ He dropped his pistol arm au' again he was e-ilent for a long time, while 1 wutched the terriblo gray of the' early moruiiV come up out of tho Kast. It was gettiu' light, too light to delay any longer, an' so I said to him : ? *' 1 It's timo, sir— duty ! ' An' that was all that 1 could say, for I could see that be was sufferin' more than if ho was in the threes of death, 44 4 Sergeant/ said he, 4 would it bo wrong for me to tell her— just to tell her, before we die.' , 44 4 Of course it would,' said I* 44 But he is dead — and perhaps, some day ii might have been—' , M 4 Hush,' said I solemnly. 4 His spirit is here waiting for her— an' besides it would be au insult to her.' ' 4 Then must a man live an' lovo ah' die, without ever tellin' his love ? ' he asked; ' 4 Sure,' I auswered, ' there's niany an* most of soldiers live ail' dio without ever lovin ' It's the lot wo was born to. It's duty, sor, an' manhood that's at stake' Ho aid nothing more, but crept over to where she lay with her armh round her dead husband. I wanted to look away, but I could not. My eyes were fascinated. ' 4 1 am ready' she said clear an' distinot, Tho lootinint hesitated. 44 4 Duty !' says I, iu a frenzy of fear that he would forget himself,. A.u' then tho lootinint raised his pistol ara^ kly un' firod. Sht dropped dead by her n , jaod's side, without even a sigh, thank heaveu. The lootiuint stood and looked at her bo long that I had time to notico a slight moving among, the rocks an* kuew that the Apaches were gettin' ready for their riiornin's work. Then ho dropped on hiv knees an' bent forward. I could see that he was about to kiss her, an' for thn good of his owt-. poor soul, I shouted : 4 Dou't do it, lootinint, it inn't right/ iu a voice like a captain yellin' at an awkward recruity,oo' he got up immediately, without a word. 14 * Got behind a rock,' I yelled at him ; but he paid no attentidn to me. Instead, he walked I a dozen yards or more, over to where our guidon | wus lyin' by the side of tbo dead corporal who I bad carried it He picked it up and jumped, ou I a rock, standin' stiff an' silent like a soldier on I parade, with tho guidou flutteriu' in the early , mDrniu' breeze— the only excuse for a breeze i that Aricoua has, as ye know yerself, sot. ' 1 Crack-ping-crack-ping/ went a couple ol Apache rifles, an* the lootinint dropped bacu like a log, an' as dead. Then the Qgbt began Hgin. But it was a poor light now ou our side, an' in half an hour there was less thau a dozen of us still h&udling; our guns,: an' we were so weak an' tired we oouldn't do much damage, An* thou, witb a whoop, they charged us, an' I kuew that the end had come. I was weak with tho loss ol blood, but, like a drown - din' man catchin' a straw, I jumped between a couple of inesqaite bushes: au' pulled the branches down over me. Tho sight of them killin' our poor boys who was still alive was too much for me, however, an' mercifully . I fell into a sort of delirium in which things were different. Au' iu my delirium 1 thought I heard i suddenly, a dozen bugles blowing tbe 4 charge/ au' 1 tried to give a little 4 hurrah an' thun 1 fainted. 11 44 When I come to a surgeon was lcanin' over mo au' 1 was surrounded by a group of officers that 1 rccognised as belongin' to our regiment, an'I know by theirnumber that it was a bat talion, an* that it was reAl bugles that I heard in my delirium. I learned afterwards that they rynre making a night march an' came tip just iu time to hear tho early momin' firin' an' hurry ahead. ! 14 Au' then 1 heard tho doctor say, * he's the only one livin', an' it's a question whether he will live.' But 1 did, as you see, sor. An' I've told yuti to-day a part of tho story of the mass acre at Apacho. Pass that I uever told beforo, because it seemed to me that it was the secret of a humau heart that should have been' known only to our Heavenly Fathfr. But perhaps it was right to speak of it, after all ; for it wns the story of a man who resisted temptation to th- very end. 