CORLEONE; A TALE OP SICILY, BY F. MARION CRAWFORD. CHAPTER VII.— (Continued.) But such a marriage meant that he should bring her brothers intimately into his father's house; that he and his own family must accept Tebaldo and Francesco Pagliuca, and possitdy the third brother, whom he did not know, as near re lations, to be called, by himself at least, "thee" and "thou," and by their baptismal names. t n., 1 1«p If Omt VRfnpl-l'tS mntllflV mid his own should come into close terms of intimacy, for Maria Carolina would make the most of the connexion with the Saracinesca. That thought was the most repugnant of all to the young man, who looked upon his mother as a being apart from the ordinary world and entitled to a isort of veneration. Maria Carolina would not venerate anybody, lie thought. O11 the other side, there was his honor. lie did not enro what the young men might thiuk, but he had certainly led the girl herself to be lieve that lie meant to marry her. And he was in love. Compared with giving up Vittoria, and with doing something which seemed dishonorable he accumulated wickedness of generations of the Corleone shrank Into insignilieaiice. There was a sort of shock in his mind, as he brought up tills side of the question. Had there been any diilicuity to be overcome in winning Vittoria's own consent, it would, have been easier to decide. But he knew that Ire had but ti word to say, and his future would be sealed irrevocably in a promise which lie never would break. And ill a day or two he was to leave Rome for a long time. 11 was clear that he ought to decide at once, this very night. I-Ils nature rejected the idea of taking advice, and, generally, of eouilding in anyone. Other wise he might, have laid the matter before bis mother, in the certainty that lier counsel weald ho good and honorable. Or lie might have told his favorite brother the whole story, and lp po- lilo would assuredly have told him what vras right. But Orsino was not of those who get h Dip from the Judgment or the conscience of another. it seemed to him that lie stayed a long U me on the bridge, thinking of all these things, .tor the necessity of finally weighing them had come upon him suddenly, since Sau C.iacinto had given him warning to get ready for the journey. I.ut presently he was aware that the distant music had changed, that the waltz during which he had watched Vittoria was over, and that a sqtuire donee had begun. He smiled rather grimly- to hlmselt as he reflected that he might stand there till morning, without getting any nearer to a conclusion. He turned his hack 011 the moon light Impatiently, and went back into tlio palace, fn tlio distance, through an open door, lie suw faces familiar to him all his life, moving to and fro rapidly in a quadrille. He watched theiu as he walked straight on towards the ballroom, through the rather dimly lighted chamber with Which the bridge communicated. He was startled by the sound of Vlttc.rla d'Oriani's voice, close beside him, calling liltn softly, but rather anxiously "Don Orsino! Don Orsino!" She was all alone, pale, and standing halt hid den by the heavy curtain on one side ot the door opening to the ballroom. Orsino stood still a moment, in great surprise at seeing her thus loft to herself in an empty room. Then he wcoit close to her, holding out his hand. "What is the matter?" he asked, in a low voice, for several men were standing about on the other side ot the open door, watching 'the dance. , . "Nothing— untiling." she repeuted, nervously, as ho drew her aside. "Who left you here alone?" asked Orsino, m displeasure at some unknown person. "I — I came here — " she faltered. "I slipped out — it was hot, in there." Orsino laughed softly. 1 "You must not get isolated in this way," he said. "It is not done here, you know. People would think It strange. You are always sup posed to bo with someone— your partner, or your mothor. But I am glad, since I have found you." "Yes: I have louud you," she said, softly, re peating his words. "I mean — " she corrected herself hurriedly — "I mean you have found me." Orsino looked down to her averted face, and in the dim light he saw the blush at her mistake too great a mistake in speech not to have come front a strong Impulse within. Yet he could hardly believe that she had seen him go out tha.t way alone, and had followed In the hope of find ing him. They sat down together, not far from the door opening upon the bridge. The color had faded again from Vittoria's face, and she was pale. During some moments neither spoke, and tile music of the quadrille irritated Orsino as ho lis tened to it. Seeing that he was silent, Vittoria looked up sideways and met Ills eyes. "It was, really very warm in the ballroom," she said, to say something. , "Yes," lie answered, absently, his eye3 fixed on hers. "Yes— I daresay It was." Again there was a pause. "What is the matter?" asked Vittoria, at last, and her tone sank with each word. "I am going away," said Orsino, slowly, with fixed eyes. She did not start nor show any surprise, bul the color began to leave her lips. The irritating quadrille went pounding on in tlio distance, through the hackneyed turns of the familiar figures, accompanied by the sound of many voices talking and of broken laughter uow and then. "You knew.it?" asked Orsino. "How?". "No one told me; but I knew it — I guessed It." Orsino looked away, and then turned to her again, his glance drawn back to hem by some thing lie could not resist. "Vittoria," he began, in a very low tone. He had never called her by that name before The quadrille was very noisy, and she did not understand. She leaned forward anxiously to wards him when she spoke. "What did you say? I did not hear. The music makes such a noise!" The man was more than ever irritated at the sound; and as she bent over to him, he could almost feel her breath on his cheek. The blood rose in him, and he sprang to his feet impa- , ticntiy. "Come!" he said. "Come outside! We can not even hear each other here." Vittoria rose, too, without a word, and went wi'li him, walking close beside him, and glancing at his face. She was excessively pale now; and all the golden light seemed to have faded at once, even from her hair and eyes, till she looked deli cate and almost fragile beside the big dark man. "Out of doors?" she asked timidly, at the threshold. "Yes — it is very warm." answered Orsino, in a voice that was a little hoarse. Once out on the bridge, iu the shadow, over the dark street, I10 stopped, and instantly his hand found hc-rs and closed all round it, covering it. altogether. Vittoria could not have spoken just then, for she was trembling from head to foot. The air tvas full of strange sounds, and the trees were whirling round one another like mad black ghosts in the moonlight. When she looked up site could see Orsino's eyes, bright in the sha dow. She turned away, and came hack to them more than once; then their glances did not part any more, and his face earac nearer to hers. "We love each other," he said; and his voice was warm and alive again. She felt that she saw his soul in his face, but she could not speak. I-Ier eyes looking up to his, she slowly bent her little head twice, while her lips parted like an opening flower, and faintly smiled at the sweetness of an unspoken word, He bent nearer still, and she did not draw back. Hi blood was hot and singing in his cars. Then, all at once, something in her appealed to him, her young delicacy, her dawn-like purity, her exquisite fresh maidenhood, it seemed a crime to touch her lips as though she had been a mature woman. He dropped her hand, and his long arms brought Iter tenderly and softly up to his breast; and as her head fell hack, and her lids drooped, he kissed her eyes with infinite gentleness, first, the one and then the other, again and again, till she smiled in the dark, and hid her faco against his coat, and he found ouly her silky hair to kiss again. "I love you— say it, too," he whispered in her ear. "Ah, yes! so much, so dearly!" came her low answer. Then he took her hand again, and brought it up to his lips close to her face; and his lips pressed the small fingers passionately, almost roughly, very longingly. "Gome," lie said. "We must be alone — come into the garden." lie led her across the bridge, and suddenly they were In the clear moonlight; hut ho went on quickly, lest, they should be noticed through the open door from within. The air was warm and still and dry, as it often is in spring after tho evening chill has passed. "We could not go baek into the ballroom, could we?" lie asked, as he drew her away along a gravel walk between high box hedges. "No. How could we — now?" Her hand tight ened a little 011 his arm. They stopped before a statue at the end of the walk, full ill the light, a statue that had per haps been a Daphne, Injured ages ago, and stone- grey where it was not very white, with dying draperies broken off short in tho folds, and a .small, frightened face that seemed between laughing and crying. One fingerless hand pointed at the 1110011., Orsino leaned back against the pedestal, and lovingly held Vittoria before him, and looked at her, and she smiled, her Hps parting again, and just glistening darkly in the light as a dewy rose does in moonlight. The music was very far away now. hut the plashing of tho fountain was near. "I love you!" said Orsino once more, as though no other words would do. A deep sigh of happiness said more than the words could, and the stillness that followed meant most of all, while Vittoria gently took his two hands anil nestled closer to him, fearlessly, like a child or a young animal. "But you will not go away — now?" she asked, pleadingly. Orsino's face changed a little, as ho remem bered tho rest of his life, and all ho had under taken to do. He had dreamily hoped that lie might forget it. "We will not talk of that," ho answered. "IIow can I help it, If it is true? You will not go— say you will not go!" ' "I liavo promised. But there Is time — or, at 'least, I shall soon come back. It Is not so far to Sicily — " "Sicily? You are going to Sicily?" She seemed surprised. "I thought you knew where 1 was going — " he began. "No— I guessed; I was not sure. Tell me! Why must you go?" "1 must go becanse I have promised. San Glacinto would thiuk It very strange if I changed my mind." "It is stranger that you should go— and with lilm! Yes— 1 sec — you are going to take posses sion of our old pine#— " Her voice suddenly expressed the utmost anxiety, as she sprang from one conclusion to another without a mistake. She pressed his hands tightly, and her face grew pale again with fear for him. "Oh, please, please, stay here!" she cried. "If It wero anywhere else— If It were to do anything else — " (To be continued.) 