(OJI'YKIOIIT.) ClIAl'IKB XXXIX.-"A TABLE OP SoKUOWS INPESOBHIAHLE. And thc next day tile Constable gave up I lie'ghost, and WSB buried in Ida clothes. There waa no louger any man to make collins. Reuben Clc^'g went home to his motlier, and no one attempted to take him ; neither did auy one think nf giving him up. It was .kuown through the Hundred, and beyond, that Hyam was smitten with the Plague, and it might well be considered a place where thc Kiug's warrants no longer ran. Moreover, Sir George held out hopes of pardon to him. Thc petitiou in IIÍB favour HUB signed by the best men and women in the couuty, and thc confession of the Constable, us reported by Longstuflc and Radford and sworn tu already, would go far to iuflucuco the Kiug's advisers. Refore the end of thc month of November, Mary Talbot, otherwise Signora Ziletto, was seen sitting at tho Manor House window, with her baby on her knee, Uko a picture, some said, of the Madonna and Child ; and she said she waa glad that Reuben Clegg had given himself up to nursing the sick and bury- ing the dead. It was wonderful how persistently Clcgg worked. He never seemed to take an hour's rest. Mr. Stauley, at first, was inolincd to repudiate his co-operation ; und Mr. MompesBon felt it incumbent upon him lo waru Clegg not to Influence ihe religious faith of the sufferers with whom he came in contact. " I'll not interfere with their hopes of a future life, Rector,'' said Clegg, "nor say aught against prayer ; but what think you, yourself, about the efficacy of prayer ! You've done enough in that way to save the whole parish, every man jack ; but the purple sign of death comes out upon their flesh all the same : they die, aud are buried." " I cannot argue with you, Clegg ; 'tis impious," said Mompcssion ; but the Hector redoubled bis exertions for the physical welfure of his people, and Clegg, by his energy and his cheerful encouragement, snatched many a victim from the grave, und comforted many another with his posseiB, his hot spiceB, and his pleasant words. Mo one thought of him for a moment as an escaped felon. HÍB mother saw in his escape the Divine interposition, and tried to bring Reuben to this way of thinking. He would listen to her patiently, nor reply when she asked him who but God had saved her in the liiidet of thc pcBtilence to welcome him back to their cottage, who but God had brought him through thc infamous bars that had holden him, who but God had protected him in tile wilderness and brought him home? Only once had Reuben ventured to ask who had allowed him to be faUely accused, who had permitted his good name to be sullied, who had suffered his life to be blighted, and given the lamb a prey to the wolf? His mother bsd replied with texts, and wise sayings regarding God's righteous punishment and the mystery of his divine ways. Aud Reuben marvelled at his mother's happiness and her exemption from the infection of thc Plague ; for she went amoug thc people with never an ache or fear untiring, closing the eyes of the dying with such cheerful promises of a heavenly paiadiae beyond the grave that robbed Death of half his terrors, and lighted for many a heart a lamp of Hope that showed them the sunny stairway to the white streets of the New Jerusalem. With winter, the villagers boped the pesti- lence would cease. It had been so, hitherto in the history of the Plague in other lands ; but Eyam waa doomed. The grim Angle of Death never stayed his hand. On Christmas day, the blinds were pulled down at the Manor House. Reuben Clegg's heart stopped beating for a moment, as he walked up to the familiar door and asked for Mrs. Dobbs. Death had been there ; but not in the shape, of the Plague. ' Signora Ziletto's baby had died in the night. Tho mother waa bearing her trouble bravely, Mrs Dobbs said. They had never expected to rear the child, and 'twas to her thinking a happy release. Reuben turned away, and bent his steps to the Rectory, where he found Mn. MompesBon busy in her husbaud'e Btudy, which was now something like an apothecary's shop. She was mixing decoctions that had been found of service though she looked far more in need of physic and broth than any of tlie pining villagers. Mompesson and Stanley gave themselves no rest ; they worked together like brothers, praying with the dying, reading the last words of the Prayer Book over the dead, and en- couraging tlic living. If Mompesson could only have induced his wife to join the children, at their friend's in Yorkshire, his heart would have been lightened ; but she would not leave With the New Year, thc Hector's wife bad a companioD in fier laboura. Mary Talbot, otherwise Signora Ziletto, freed from the nursing of her ohiid, flung herself into the work of tending the sick and administering to the dying. Neither ber mental 'nor ber Çhyical suffering had impaired her beauly, he robust figure, thc rosy complexion, the elastic step, were no longer there ; but in. their place a refinement of form, a tender grace of manner, a dolicate pallor that gave an almost ascetic character to her beauty, as painters try to achieve in their pictures of angelic figures and virgins that have become angels of (Sod. As the'spring began to pass into summer, thc Plague became general throughout the village. It raged. There was death in every breath of air. The birds sang, the flowers bloomed, the blossom appeared oo the trees, the bay-fields grew ready for the reaper, but the ouly mower was Death, and he cut down the living with a steady sweep of bis scythe. All business else was slopped Nobody worked. The cows remained un. milked, the Bheep unshepherded ; the Winship Mine was closed, the looms ceased to make mnsic in the cottages, the dead were buried ere the stricken limbs were cold. Graves were dug anywhere. In a house, a little way beyond the village, one solitary woman had, herself, buried every member of her family with her own hands ; wbilo a neighbour had made his own grave, and, strewing thc bed of it with straw, had lain him down and died in it. It was the last day of May, and out of a population of three hundred and fifty souls seventy-seven had perished. Of these were whole families, and scarce a soul that bad not been visited by Clegg, though such was thc terrible nature of the disease that in the last moments it was too loathsome for even children to tolerate their parents, or for parents to embrace their dying innocents. June found tho village in thc highest state of panic, thc living, as if by a general impulse, resolving to fly from the place, lt was at this juncture that the heroism of MompesBon and Stanley firod the fainting hearts of their flocke. At a special service of the Church, in which the two ministers called the whole village tqeethcr, of every creed and opiniou, the Rector remonstrated with the people against the idea of flight. Already many of them Were infected, if not in their persons, in (heir clothes ; moreover, they owed a duty to their fellow-creatures beyond the borders of the village. Tu carry the disease out into tbe world at large would be a crime. If they .were to die, let them stand by each other and die together ; not poison tho breath of the healthful and tbe happy, who would fall cursing them ns the authors of their misery. Should they consent to remain with him and his brother Stanley, his wife and Sir George Talbot and his daughter, and the rest of (heir hopeful and God-fearing neighbours, he would ask the Duke of Devonshire and other resi- dents beyond the village, to Bend them relief of food and raiment, of medicines and every possible physical aid ; and be was assured of the result of his appeal. They would there- upon draw a cordon around the villago, and there should bc sentinels at fixed and con- venient points, so that no one should pass out or in ; and there should be selected spots where all that was needful should be pussod withiu the cordou, and sanitary methods formed for disbursing such money as might be needed for payment. They would tims save the other villages of the Hundred, and thc great world beyond, from infection, and snatch from premature death thousauds of their fellow- countrymen. And their reward should bc great on earth, SB in heaven. Their names should go down to posterity on an everlasting scroll of fame, and when their time should come, their eouU, ascending ta heaven, should ba welcomed with angelic songs, and Christ, sitting on. the right baud of tile Father, should say unto each man and woman, and every child, " Well done, thou good und faithful servant ; enter thou into thc kingdom of God." Aud all the pople said, "Amen!" and many fell into each others' arms and wept. 