ORIGINAL POETRY. "OH WORLD. OH LIFE. OH TIME." And so-this anient man whose life I read, Lay on that summer morn, as I ao now. Basking' in sunshine on a hill's green brow. Ages since then have sped, as still they speed; Vet him the woodlands soothed with every 1 bough That rustled music in its mantle green. That summer day rose high, and dipped, and went; . . And now, great gulfs of death yawn dark between. And all its glow is gone-Jar gone and scent; And all its lives-illusions dreamt-not seen. A land ot shadows filled with moving shades! ? Ghosts, that by moonlight flit, 'ttaixt ghostly glades. * > And this man, -in his little German town. Toiled and made merry, laugh.ed, and talked, and wept; . Dined, supped, and quaffed his glass, then read or slept. His heart exulted in the civic gown: \- And many a jovial holiday he kept. , Dust-dry have lain his bones three centijri^s^; 'w ' Yet did he stretch, as I do now, that"^Hbrn' His limbs beneath the sunshine, while A preeze Tickled the fields of long, long gatnefeil corn^-. So he, as 1, in my mid- point of timV Hung poised in his; and that day «S,: And this day dips as that; and so we climb Ladders, we know not whence, nor whither, know; The gulf above, dark as the gulf below Each summer day a deep of mysterieB. But this man from the church led forth his bride. Like shadows on a window blind they flit. He opened that quaint house of his with pride, Circling her waist to press a .welcome fit On lips like half-blown buds of the rose-tide. That door closed on their footsteps fondly gay, It was a summer season far away. Now ghostly faint, on a far ghostly shore, Their love shines out, is quenched, is seen no more: And darkness, long, and long, and ever long, Sleeps on that phantom town and all its throng. Wliat-what is Time? And what this peopled Spiice? Dfeams?-which we dream are true? But to my book! And learn how this man filled betimes his place. Ere he was shovelled in the churchyard nook. And while 1 read, the reckless hours will race Beneath the charm of this all-bounteous day; Will speed me onward in the self- same chase, To sleep-a dream-a shade as faint as they. Fainter-for who, three centuries hence, will lie And dream how dreamt such phantom once as I? ALEXANDER SUTHERLAND. 