NEWS AND NOTES. Alien Arrivals.-Thirty-two Chinese and other Asiatics arrived at Fremantle yesterday by the s.s. Saladin. Perth Weather.-The temperature recorded at the Perth Observatory yester- day was as follows :-Maximum 64.4deg., and minimum 58deg. Eastern Mail.-A mail will be made up at the General Post Office at noon to- day, for despatch by the s.s. Adelaide, for the Eastern colonies. Perth Baptist Church. - Services in connection with the Perth Baptist Church will be held in the Oddfellows' Hall, Hutt- street, to-morrow at 11 a.m. and 7 p.m., the Rev. A. Wilson officiating. Jewish Festival. - On Sunday the Jewish festival of Pentecost will take place, and in the morning a service will be conducted by the Rev. D. J. Freedman in the Oddfellows' Hall, Hutt-street. St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Pier-street.-Services to-morrow, morn- ing and evening, will be conducted by the Rev. David Ross, who will preach a sermon to young men at the evening service. The Labour Church. - The Labour Church will hold its usual meeting in the upper Oddfellows' Hall to-morrow night, when Mr. J. Phair will deliver an address entitled, " Labour Problems," and Mr. Hill will give a recitation. Discussion will follow the address. Trinity Congregational Church.- Services will be conducted to-morrow. The Rev. W. T. Kench will preach in the morning, subject " Love, Peace, and Joy," and in the evening, subject " The Giver of Strength." The communion of the Lord's Supper will be observed after.the morning service. Rev. G. E. Rowe.-The Rev. G. E. Rowe,, chairman of the W.A. district, will return to Perth from the Coolgardie goldfields this morning. During his visit to the interior, Mr. Rowe officiated at the opening services of the Menzies Wesley Church. The rev. gentleman will preach to-morrow in the morning at Subiaco, and in the evening at Wesley Church. Lord Kilmorey.-Lord Kilmorey, who has lately been on a visit to the Eastern goldfields, is expected to return to Perth to-morrow (Sunday) morning. He will stay at Government House, as the guest of Sir Gerard and Lady Smith, until his de- parture for the Eastern colonies by Tues- day's mail boat. Swan District Pruning Contest.-The second annual pruning contest in connec- tion with the Swan District Vines and Fruit Growers' Association takes place at Darlington on Monday morning, to be followed by a luncheon at the Helena Vale Hotel. A saloon carriage will be attached to the train leaving Perth at 7.40 a.m. for the convenience of those attending the pruning contest. Wesley Church, Fremantle.-Both the services in this church to-morrow will be conducted by the pastor, the Rev. A. J. Barclay. In the morning Mr. Barclay is announced to preach on "The Stolen Blessing," and in the evening he has selected for his topic " A Promise Ful- filled." In the afternoon a special young people's service will be held, commencing at 3 o'clock. The Queen's Reign: Commemoration Week.-The order of service to be used in the Anglican churches during Commemor- ation "Week is expected to arrive from England to-day. It will at once be placed in the printers' hands and copies distri- buted to the clergy at cost price. The hymns authorised by the Bishop are being printed, and will, it is hoped, be put into circulation early during the coming week. Improvements of the Murray River. -In connection with the proposal to con- siderably improve the Murray River, men- tioned in yesterday's paper, Mr. T. C. Hodgson, the engineer in charge of the harbours and rivers branch, will leave the city for Mandurah to-day. He will be away from the city for several days, and on his return he will report to the Director for Public Works on the best method of carrying out the suggested improvements. County. Court Judgeship. - When spoken to yesterday, in regard to the state- ment of our contemporary that the Govern- ment had decided to appoint Mr. James Cowan, the Police Magistrate, a County Court judge, the Attorney- General, Mr. Sept. Burt, stated that such a step had not been even dreamed of by the Government. The announcement that Dr. Stewart, of Guildford, was to succeed Mr. Cowan was, he asserted, also entirely erroneous. Native Murder at Lawlers.-The Under-Secretary yesterday received from the Acting- Warden at Lawlers, Mr. W. O. Mansbridge, the following telegram :-- " Native woman Nelly was foully murdered last evening in native camp. All the natives have decamped. The police here are unable to follow them to effect arrest of the murderers owing to want of horses. At present there are only two horses here, and they are unfit for work owing to their being only bush fed." Perth Public Hospital.-The resident medical officer of the Perth Public Hospital reports for the week ended Friday, June 4th as follows :-Number of patients admitted 34 ; discharged 24 ; died, two, namely William Power, aged 28, and Edward Doughan, aged 20. The number of patients remaining in hospital is 129, and of these 97 are typhoid cases. Of outpatients 127 new cases were treated, while there were 251 re- attendances. Found in the Bush.-Late on Thurs- day night a little girl, Queenie Fraser by name, was reported to the police as missing from her parents' residence, near the Causeway, and grave fears were enter- tained as to her safety. A search was instituted, and shortly before midday yes- terday a second report reached the City Police Station to the effect that the little wanderer had been found in the bush, not a great distance from her home and little the worse for her night out. A Swan River Improvement. - The work of cutting through the sand spit near the Narrows and dredging a channel thence to the William-street jetty is, we understand, almost completed, the work now remaining to be done being a small quantity of dredging in close proximity to the William-street jetty. This, it is ex- pected, will occupy but a day or two, and on its completion the necessary buoys will be placed in position so as to render navigation safe, and a channel will then be open for river traffic. Rains in the Country.-Yesterday the Postmaster-General, Mr. R. A. Sholl, re received the following message from the postmaster at Hamelin Pool :-" Heavy general rain here. One hundred and seventy points already fallen." The Under- Secre- tary for Lands also received a telegram from Mr. C. E. May, at Mullewa, stating that steady rain was falling at that place, that the settlers were jubilant, and that there was every prospect of a good season. Parishioners' Meeting, Fremantle. At the recent annual meeting of the parishioners of St. John's, Fremantle, the following officers were elected for the ensuing year :-Mr. P. C. Webster, rector's churchwarden; Mr. R. Desborough, people's churchwarden; Messrs. J. Church, E. F. Duffield, H. Evans, - Newbound, J. Pike, A. J. Vines, and J. Porter, vestrymen; Messrs. D. K. Congdon, C. L. Clifton, and E. F. Duffield, parish nominators. Wesley Church Services.-The Rev. A. W. Bray will officiate in Wesley Church to-morrow morning, and will preach on "The Dispensation of the Holy Ghost." The Boys' Brigade will hold its usual monthly church parade. The Rev. G. E. Rowe will preach in the evening, and will give an address on " The Slump-a lesson from the goldfields."' During the service Mrs. Allen' (Miss Hilda Harman) will sing the solo, "Too Late" (Lindsay), and the church choir will render the anthem, "Kyrie Eleison" (Mozart). The church gallery is reserved for visitors. Bankruptcy. - The following were gazetted this week. Receiving orders Re Elizabeth Puin, boarding house keeper, Perth 2Sth May. Re Marian Climie, hotelkeeper, Kurnalpi : 29th May. Ajudi- cation: Re Puin, 28th May. Public examin- ation: Re F. Rose, farmer, Narrogin : 14th instant. Re W. Johnson (Albany Produce Company), produce merchant, Coolgardie : 14th instant. First meetings : Re F. Rose : 14th instant Re W. Johnson: 15th instant. Notice of payment of composition : Re C. Cutbush, tobacconist, Kalgoorlie, and formerly of Perth. 7s. 8-1/4d. in the £, pay- able 4th instant. Husband and Wife.-At the Fremantle Police Court yesterday, before Mr. R. Fairbairn, R.M., William Robert Potter was charged, at the instance of his wife, Martha Potter, with having assaulted her on the night of the 1st inst. According to the complainant, Potter ejected her from their house at midnight on the date mentioned. On endeavouring to re-enter the premises she was knocked down by her husband. Complainant further stated that during the ten years of their married life she had been periodically assaulted by accused. Potter was sentenced to two months' im- prisonment. Sixty Years a Queen. - Sir Herbert Maxwell, Bart, the biographer of the late Right Hon. W. H. Smith, recently under- took what must have proved to him a very congenial task, viz., that of telling the story of Victoria's reign. The title chosen for this truly charming souvenir of the Jubilee-for such it proves to be-is " Sixty Years a Queen," and the story is being published in eight fortnightly parts, published at 6d. each, with the first of which we have been favoured by Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Sons, of Hay-street. The story promises to be well and concisely told, the illustrations are numerous and excellent in character, and the printing above reproach. Country Parishioners' Meetings. The following elections at recent Anglican parisioners' meetings in the country have taken place:-Mourambine-Mr. E. H. Hamersley, rector's churchwarden ; Mr. G. S. F. Cowcher, people's churchwarden ; Messrs. J. H. Bailey, J. T. Brodie, and J. E. Kennedy, vestrymen; Messrs. A. E. Clinch, and G. Holyoake, and the Rev. F. C. Gillett, parish nominators. York-Dr. W. Johnson, rector's churchwarden; Mr. W. D. Cowan, people's churchwarden ; Messrs. C. Edwards, J. Kenworthy, W. C Elliott, K. Edwards, W. Parker, jun., J. H. Spice, S. Price, T. Walker, and H, Slater, vestrymen ; Messrs. P. H. W. Johnson, W. D. Cowan, and C. Edwards, parish nomina- tors. Gold Export for May.-The total value of gold exported as declared at the Customs during the month of May, amounted to £224,597 13s. 6d. as com- pared with £150,709 8s. 6d. recorded as the value of the export for April. East Cool- gardie again heads the list with a value of £111,662 1s. 9d., the next being Murchison with £38,085 0s. 8d. Coolgardie proper shows £33,900 9s., and North Coolgardie £22,941 18s. 7d., North-East Coolgardie contributes £7,283 13s. worth, Dundas £6,035 13s. 4d., Yilgarn £4,606 9s., Pilbarra £51 2s. 2d., and Ashburton £31 6s. Scottish Thistle Club -The Scottish Thistle Club of Western Australia held its sixth monthly concert and social in St. George's Hall last evening. The programme consisted of songs by Mrs. Trumble, Mrs. Steele, Miss McDonald, Miss Maher, Miss Knox Peden, Messrs. Macdonnell, Steele, F. McCarthy, T. D. Murdoch, Bell, and S. J. Deeks, two dances--the shean trews by Mr. B. Fellow, and a Highland fling by Master and Miss Fellows-and an exhibi- tion of club swinging by Mr. Golder. All the numbers met with hearty appreciation, Miss Knox Peden's singing receiving special applause. The pianiste was Miss Knox Peden, the piper Mr. Stoddart, and the M.C. for the dance, which was held afterwards, Mr. H. C. Jones.- There was a very large attendance. Death of Mr. G. A. Baker.-At Miss Nicolay's private hospital, in Brisbane- street, yesterday afternoon at 1 o'clock, Mr. George Alfred Baker died of typhoid fever, after a fortnight's illness. Mr. Baker was born at Brighton, England, in 1856, and in theatrical matters was well known in the United States as the owner of the proprietary rights of the Bennett-Moulton Opera Company, and was later of the Baker Opera Company, in which be introduced Miss Dele Fox, the operatic star. He married in 1895 Miss Maie Reynolds, known to theatre-goers as " My Fancy." The funeral will leave the hospital at 2.30 this afternoon. Arrivals and Departures By Sea. The net increase to the population of the colony by excess of arrivals over depar- tures by sea during the month of May was 1,560 persons as compared with 2,192 in the previous month. Of this increase 42 were Chinese. The returns for the five mouths of the year show a gradually de- creasing number both under the headings of arrivals and departures. The detailed returns for the month of May disclose the following totals:-Arrivals at all ports: 3,759, comprising 2,143 adult males, 1,018 adult females, 506 children, and 87 infants. Departures : 2,241, comprising 1,721 adult males, 309 adult females, 197 children, and 14 infants. The returns relating to Chinese show that 57 males and 16 females arrived in the colony, and 23 males and 8 females left during the month. Prosecutions under the Education Act.-A number of parents were proceeded against in the City Police Court, before Mr. Traylen, yesterday morning, for neglecting to send their children to school during the first quarter of the year for the number of days required by the Education Act. Though the charges in most cases were laid by Inspector Kidd against the juveniles' fathers, the mothers of the children in nearly all instances attended the court to endeavour to satisfy the bench that there were good reasons for their offspring staying away from school. Andrew Gedders, Henry Playford, David Smith, Sarah Miller, Jas. Holmes and Harriett Collett were each fined 5s. and costs. William Wood, Jas. Greenhalgh, Enoch Adams, and Edward Boyle were also brought forward, but their excuses satisfied the bench and no fines in their cases were inflicted. A Transference.-Yesterday afternoon about 30 of the officials of the Chief Accountant's Branch of the Public Works Department met at the Melbourne Hotel for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to a former colleague, Mr. A. F. Barnard, who had assumed the more responsible position of chief clerk in the architectural division. Mr. William Kelby, Chief Accoun- tant, who occupied the chair, paid a high tribute to Mr. Barnard's qualifications as an accountant, and declared that he was a genial and sterling officer, which the Chief Accountant's Branch was sorry to lose. He presented the guest with a gold watch chain as a token of the esteem in which his late fellow officers him. Mr. W. A. Mitchell (sub-accountant) also spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Barnard, who suitably replied. Sunday Schools' Exhibition.-With re- ference to the recent exhibition connected with the Anglican Sunday Schools in Perth it will be gratifying to know that despite the extremely unpropitious weather which prevailed on the second day the substan- tial profit of £55 was realised. This will be allocated in accordance with the wishes of the children of the different schools as follows :-Home of the Good Shepherd (Cathedral Stall), £24 0s. 3d.; (St Alban's stall), £2 2s.; Mission to Aborigines (St. John's Stall), £4 10s. 9d.; Girls' Orphanage (St. Bartholo- mew's and Orphanage Stall), £4 1s. 5d.: Foreign Missions (Newcastle-street and St. Barnabas' Stall). £19s. 3d. The St. John's, St. Alban's, and St. Bartholomew's parish halls will receive half profits of their respective stalls. The balance will be devoted to prizes and the general fund for defraying necessary expenses. The Deaf and Dumb School.-A special meeting of the committee of the W.A. Deaf and Dumb Institution was recently held to deal with the subject of increased accommodation for the inmates of the school. The Dean of Perth presided, and there were present Messrs. F. A. Moseley, and C. H. Wilkinson. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Wilkinson, that the premises known as Belvidere, in East Perth, which were under offer to the com- mittee, should be taken for a term, and the secretary was empowered to make arrangements for the removal of the school from Moore-street, North Perth. The new school possesses the advantages of a good site, being in a healthy locality overlook- ing the Swan, and its liberal amount of room will enable the committee to receive further deaf mute candidates who are awaiting admission and to grapple in a larger degree with the neglected education and training of this unfortunate class. Public Reserves.-This week's Govern- ment Gazette contained a somewhat lengthy list of public reserves set apart in the following districts for the purposes named : -For public utility at Merridin, Keller- berrin, Burracoppin, Hine's Hill, near Parker's-road station, and Boddalin on the Northam-Yilgarn Railway, and at Mount Magnet ; for recreation at Bulong and Jackson, Yilgarn goldfield ; for the Bureau of Agriculture Experimental Farm at Gingin ; for a reservoir at Northam ; for water at Cement Creek (Mount Mar- garet goldfield), 19, 21, and 25 Mile, and Wonga Rocks (North Coolgardie goldfield), Pickano and Minjar Wells (Victoria) ; for a hospital at Black Flag, Baptist Church at Coolgardie, market place at Fremantle, St. John of God's Hospital at Montana (Coolgardie), post and telegraph office at Esparance, Wesleyan Church at Mount Magnet, residence for Chief Inspector of Mines at Coolgardie, and timber at Cock- burn Sound. The Third Election Petition.-Mr. Isidor James Knight Cohn has filed with the Supreme Court a petition against the return of Captain Oats for the Yilgarn electoral district. The petition sets forth that the petitioner and Captain William Oats were candidates at the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Assembly for Yilgarn, and which was held on the 4th of last month, the Returning Officer being Dr. Victor Black. The petitioner alleges that the Returning Officer wrongfully refused to allow certain persons who were qualified and claimed to vote to record their votes, and that Cap- tain Oats wrongfully attended a meeting of electors held for electoral purposes at the central polling place, after the com- mencement and before the close of the poll, the meaning of the latter being that Captain Oats committed a breach of the 107th section of the Electoral Act, 1895, by attending at the poll for some purpose other than that of recording his vote. Mr. Cohn prays for a declaration by the Court that William Oats was not duly elected, and that the election was void. Mr. Cohn's bondsmen are Messsrs. A. Forrest and I. Emanuel. The Jarrahdale Fatality.-A man named William Wilson was killed by being run over by some trucks at Jarrahdale on Tuesday last. An inquest was commenced on Wednesday, before Dr. Lovegrove, coroner from Pinjarrah. Evidence was given by John McNess, an engine-driver, that he asked the deceased to " brake" the trucks to the log landing, as Wilson was familiar with such work. Joseph Panizza, a labourer, heard the deceased cry out in an agonised tone just as the trucks came along, and on hastening to the spot found him to be in a terribly injured condition, his shoulder being crushed in. Dr. Lind- say, who lived six miles away, was sum- moned, but the unfortunate man died before he could arrive. Wilson only lived 40 minutes after the mishap. No one saw him actually fall from the trucks, which ran on, and were stopped by a labourer named John Smith, who chased them and applied the brakes. The inquest was adjourned to Tuesday, June 15th. Inquests at Fremantle.-Two coronial inquiries were conducted by the coroner, Dr. T. H. Lovegrove, at Fremantle yester- day. The first inquest was concerning the death of Henry Sampson Steel, whose body was found floating in the sea on Tuesday last. Mrs. Gertrude Elizabeth Steele stated that her husband expressed his intention of going for a swim on the evening of Saturday, May 29. She did not see him again alive. He was in good health and spirits when he left her, and so far as she knew had nothing to worry him. Other evidence was given as to the discovery on the beach of the deceased's watch and vest only, his other garment havings disappeared. Sergeant Houlahan who knew Steele well, described him as a temperate sensible man. Dr. Hope stated that in his opinion the deceased was seized with cramps whilst swimming, and the jury agreed with that view of the case. The second investigation touched upon the death of Samuel Strahan, a lumper. Deceased was receiving cargo into a truck from a ship's sling when he fell to the jetty, a distance of 7ft., striking his head, but not sufficiently hard to affect the skull. The man was apparently drunk at the time, and died the next day. A verdict was returned that Strahan succumbed to shock caused by a fall acting upon a diseased heart. Steamship Owners' Association.-An adjourned meeting of the Fremantle branch of the Steamship Owners' Associa- tion was held yesterday afternoon, at the offices of the Adelaide Steamship Co. Mr. W E. Moxon, President of the Association, was in the chair, and there were present Messrs. C. Newman (Wm. Howard Smith & Sons), A. G. Leeds (Dalgety & Co.), St. J. Matthews (Melbourne Shipping Co.), and Hamilton (A.U.S.N. Co.) The resignation of the secretary, Mr. J. Cowen, was accepted with regret, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Cowan for his valued services to the Association. Mr. Leeds reported that, as the result of an interview with the Minister of Public Works, a modified scheme for constructing sheds on the south quay had been prepared. Some exception was taken by members to the small size of a proposed turn-table at the quay which would not carry a large sized truck. This restricted room would, it was stated, be productive of some incon- venience in the case of landing heavy lifts. It was resolved to communicate with the General Manager for Railways with the view of having this matter attended to. Mr. Leeds pointed out that although special provisions in the form of heavy hydraulic gear had to be made for the intercolonial steamers, no such facilities seemed to be in hand for the convenience of London ships. The meeting then ad- journed. Movements of the Agricultural Bank Manager.-Mr. William Paterson, the manager of the Agricultural Land Bank, has just returned from an extended tour of inspection through the eastern dis- tricts. During his trip Mr. Paterson visited Northam, Meckering, Beverley, York and Caljie. He reports that good progress is being made in the cultiva- tion of the soil and that there will be a much larger area of land under crop this year than heretofore in that portion of the colony. The crops have for the most part been put in in good time, which means that the very best results will be obtained. Mr. Paterson points out that if the agri- culturists wish to get the full benefit of their lands it is necessary to get their crops in early. In this way the crops have the advantage of the whole of the rains, unfortunately none too plentiful in those parts. The manager of the Agricultural Bank is of opinion that in the districts mentioned fertilisers should be judiciously used. He states that a number of the farmers have already begun to realise this important fact. A good feature which came under Mr. Paterson's notice was that the farmers are improving their methods of clearing to such an extent that the forest country in the Tammin district, which cost £3 10s. per acre to clear, is now being effectually cleared for £1 per acre. In connection with the water question Mr. Paterson recommends that every settler should first provide himself with a fairly good supply by the sinking of dams. He is aware of cases where, through the ne- glect of this feature of settlement in the eastern districts, as large a sum as £200 has had to be expended in carting water in one year. Uncorroborated Evidence.-The turf commission agents who were fined £20 each on Wednesday for having violated the Betting Act by using their promises for betting purposes had their cases, adjudi- cated upon by Dr. Stewart, but Messrs. Traylen and Rason occupied the Bench yesterday when the betting charges still remaining on the list were brought for- ward. When the proceedings were first instituted there were eleven charges of a similar kind on the list, but four of them were disposed of by Dr. Stewart. The only case heard yesterday was that of George Bolger, who carries on the business of a tobacconist in Barrack-street, and who was represented by Mr. Abbott. The evidence presented by Mr. Burnside, who appeared for the Crown, was similar to that given against the defendants fined on Wednes- day. Two men, John Shiel and C. N. Pearce, jun., both of whom admitted being employed by the police to make private inquiries, went to Bolger's shop on April 15, and put a half- a-crown on Coil, a horse running in the Sydney Cup, the odds laid being 8 to 1. On paying their money they received an ordinary betting ticket, which was produced in court. This was all the evidence given in support of the charge. Though no evidence was called for the defence, the points raised by the accused's counsel were precisely the same as those raised in the defence on the turfites who were convicted and fined on Wednesday. The principal grounds upon which Mr. Abbott asked for a dismissal were that by making the bet in Bolger's shop the police witnesses became accomplices, and that their evidence un- supported by any independent testimony was not sufficient to warrant a conviction. It was also pointed out that there was no evidence as to whether the Sydney Cup was to be run or had been run. This seemed to irritate the Crown Prosecutor, who said to raise such a point seemed very much like grasping at a straw, and for men occupying the bench not to understand matters in their judicial capacity which they thoroughly understood in their private one seemed to support Macaw ber's statement that the law was an ass. The case was dismissed, on the ground that the only evidence produced was that of persons who solicited the commission of the offence. All the other charges were withdrawn. To-Day's Issue.-A two-page supple- ment is published with to-day's West Australian. In it will be found a com- plete story, reviews of new novels and Sylvia's article on Woman's World. Ad- vertisements appear under the headings of business, hotels, money and educational, etc. 