IRISH NATIONAL LEAGUE. A special meeting of the executive committee of the Irish National League was held in the Hibernian Hall On Wednesday, 20th January. Tbe president (Dr. O'Donnell) occupied tbe chair. There were also present—Messrs. F. Tucker, M. Hood, M. M'Donald, M. Jaguers, J. W. Ryan, J. Bergin, M. O'Sullivan, Joseph Winter, and J. Berry Clinch. It was reported that the balance in hand for the delegates' fund waB about £90. It was resolved that the amount to credit of fund Jbe forwarded to Mr. T. Hunt. The president brought under the notice of the meeting the appeal made on behalf of the Irish Parliamentary Fund by Mr. John Dillon. Mr. Thomas Hunt warmly supported the proposal, and promised'a donation of £50 to start'tbe fund. After some discussion, it was resolved that tbe president (Dr. O'DonnelJ) and Messrs. Tucker, Winter, Hood, and Clinch be appointed a committee to prepare an address appealing for subscriptions to the fund. Mr. Thomas Hunt was elected one of the vice-presidents of the league. After transacting some routine business, the meeting adjourned for a week. No one who has not suffered deeply has ever loved deeply, prayed deeply, enjoyed deeply. The plough which cuts sharpest furrows in our hearts alone enables them to bear rich harvest. " Those whom the gods love die young," said the old Greek oracle. " Those whom the Lord loveth, He chastenth," said the Christian apostle. The wisdom of both is justified to him who believes that we are placed on earth for a higher end than the mere enjoyment of a passing hour, and that the sufferings of the present time " are not worthy to be compared with the glory and the good which will one day be revealed as the final goal of all —the " One far-off, divine event towards which the whole creation moves." Let us be slow to speak, weigh well what we are about to utter, and consider the effect our speech may have on the minds of our hearers. Some men foolishly fancy that they are possessed of great virtue, because, as they say, they are open, aboyeboard, and frank. That is a great mistake. Only the fool thinks aloud—there is no virtue in giving utterance to every foolish thought that comes into the mind. But the sensible man is prudent in his speech, careful in what he says—in a word, bridles his tongue. - - A. story is told of a "Shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean li'er husband rom the public house by employing her "brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Who are you ?" said the guldmftu as the apparition rose T)efore him from ehind a bush. "I am Auld Nick" was the reply. " Oome awa, man," said John, nothing daunted. " Gie's a shake of your hapd. I am married to a Sltftfr 