: Till JITi FAMILY. CHAPTER XXX.—COontmucd.) ' I did not know you wore awake,' she said, composedly. ' Shall I go and call Graco ?' ? ' On no account. I don't want Grace. How long have I beon sick ?' ' Oh, many weeks : but you are getting bofcter rapidly now.' H ji ' I can't recall it,' ho. said, contracting bis hi brows. ' I know there waB a fire and I was i»§! intho'houHo; but it is all confuBod. How 1$ -vrasitP' . ' ' The hall was burned down, you know — poor old houso ! — and you rushed' in to save JEeay, and- ? ' . ' Oh, I remember, 1 remember. A beam or something fell, and after that all is oblivion, I have had a fever, I suppose ?' ' Yes. You havo been a dreadful nuisanco — talking all day and all night about . all manner of subjects, and frightened us out of our lives.' Tlio|young man smiled. ' What did 1 talk about ? Anything very foolish ?' ' 1 dare say it wa» foolish enough if one could have understood it, but it w&s; nearly all Greek to mo. Sometimes you wore in '' '1 Germany talking about all manner of out f i I landish things ; sometimes you woro in New '/ York, playing Good Samaritan to Agnes ' Darling.' ' Oh, poor Agnes ! Where is uho p' ;' ' Taken to the high seas. She and Harry \- had to go, much against their inclination, '?whilo you. were so ill.' .. J ' And Eeny— did Eeny. suffer any harm that ,i night rB' I1 'No. Doctor Frank was the only sufferer. '' 'I The poor old house was burned totho grouud. I I was so fiorry.' I ' And everything -was lost ?' 7 'No. A great many things woro, saved, i/ And they are building a new and much more I handsome Danton Hall, but I shsll nover lovo II it as T did the old place.' }' ' Whoro are wo now,?' 'w ' In the villngo. We have takon thin oot tago until tho now houso is flnishod. Now 1 don't ask any more questions. Too much !y talking isn't good for you.' ; \ , ' ' How vory pororoptoi'y you aro ?' said tho ' ' invalid, smiling, ' and you have taken caro of \ mo all this weary time, What a trouble I 'f- - must havo boon I' , ' D.idn't I say so ? A shooking . trouble. And now 1hat.yon.aro able to con vorso, ration? illy you aro more trouble than over, asking so » many questions. Go to sloop.' ' Won't you let mo thank you first ?', '' ' No. Thanks novor would repay mo for all ^ the annoyance you havo boon. Show your ' gratitudo by obedionoo, sir — stop talking and go to sloop.' : ' Porhnps Dr. Prank found it _vory pleasant io bo ordered, for ho obeyed with a smilo on his faoo. '? Of course, with Buoh a nurso as Miss Dan \--V' ton, tho man would bo obstinate, indeed, who 1 ?would not rally. Doctor' Prank was tho ro-' ?vorso of 'obduratoand rallied with nBtonishing Tapidity. His sister, Eony, and Kato woro ;, tho most dovotod, tho most attentive of nui'HOB ; but tho hours that Captain Dan ton's '' ' oldest daughter sat by his bodsido flow liko so ?many iniiiutuB. It was very plonsant to lio ', ' thoro, propped up with pillows, with tho April '.' Bunshino lying in yollow squares on tho fadod old onvpot, and watch that boautifixl faco, ,' 'bonding over sprrib piece of: olaboratoombroi '»' ' dory or tho humble dross of somo villago | child. Sho read for him, too, charming [ '' romances and poetry at swoot as the ripple j of a sunlit brook, in that ohchanting voico of 1 ' hers, ,and Doctor JJrank bogan to think eonvn [ , loscenoo tho most dolightful stato 6t boing L; that ovor was hoard of and to wish it ooulcl I lnst forovor.. But, liko all tho pleasant things of this , , ?ohcokorod lifo, it carao to an end all too soon. 0?ho day arrived when ho sat up in ' his oasy v' ' chair by tho open window, witlv tho soontod broozos blowing in his faoo, aud watched ' dreamily the cows grazing in tho Holds: and tho dai'lcoyod Fronoh girlH tripping up and ; down tho duB*y road. Then, a littlolator, and ; ho could walk about in the tiny pardon boforo tho cottago and Bit up tho ?whole day long. Ho was getting bottor ;'??? fast; and Mian ' Danton, : concluding that ' hor ooomMition was gono, bocamo very much ' liko tho Miss Danton of old. Not dmporious V! nnd proud — sho aiovor would bo that again — ''''but rouorved nnd distant and altogothor '! .changed; tho delightful readings woro no /?''' moro, lilao ploimatat toto-a-totoa woro among ' iho tilings of tlia past, tho long hours spent by his side, with some womanly work in hor -lingers, were over and gono. Sho was Tory kind, and gontlo still, and tlno smilo that .' fllwnys groolocl ? him was vory bright and t; Bwout, but that hoimnily past wuh gono for %. ovor. Doctor Prank, about as oloar-sightod I us his sox generally aro, of course xiovov X guessed within a.milo of tho truth. . $ ' What n, fool I was,' ho thought, bitj-orly, A 'flaUoring myKolf: with auoli insano droams l\ bocauso Hho was gratoful to mo for saving lior iS Histor's lifo iiiid'infclod mo wlion sho thought X i? was at doath'a door. Why, sho nut-Hod ovory fh sick paupor in St. Oroix m toudorly as sho Jt nnrBod xno, ,Bho k v\gU to, put mo bade in ' my jjlao'o1 boforo X havo naaclo au ldiop of jnyHolfl' . So the convalescent gentleman became moody and silent and generally disagreeable, and Grace was the only one who guessed at hiB feolings and was sorry for him. But he grew well in spite of hidden troubles, and began to think of what he was to do in the future, 'I'll go back to Montreal next week, I think,' ho said to his sister ; ' now that the fever has g6ne, it won't pay to stay hero. I: I don't get on in Montreal I'll try Now York.' Man proposes, etc. That evening's mail brought him a letter that materially altered all his plans. He sat so long silent and thoughtful after readinc? it that Graco lookod at him in sur prise. ' Yeu look as brave as an owl, Prank. Who is tho letter from ?' Doctor Prank started out of his reverie to find Kate's eyes fixed inquiringly upon him too. ' From MessrB. Grayuon & Hambert, my uncle's solicitors. He is dead.' Grace uttered a little cry, ' Dead ! Prank, and you are his heir ?' 'Yes.' 'How much has he left?' Mrs. Danton asked, breathlessly. 'Twenty thousand pounds.' Graco clasped her hands. ' Twenty thousand pounds ? My dear Prank! You have no need to go slaving at your, profesuion now.' ' Her brother looked at her in quiet sur prise. . .,-??, ' I shall slavo at my prof ession all the same. This windfall will, however, alter my plans a good deal. I must start for Montreal tomor row morning.' He rose and left tho eootn. Grace turned to her stepdaughter . . ' I am afraid you must think us heartless, Kate, but we have known very little of this uncle,, and that little was not favourable He was a'miser, a stern and hard man,' living al ways alone,' arid with few friends. lam so: thankful he, left his money to Frank.' ' Doctor Prank left St. Oroix next morning for the city, and his absence mado a strange blank in tho family. ' The spring ? days wore on slowly. April was gone and it waB May. Captain Danton waB absent the best part of every ' iday, , superintending the, erection ot the new. house, and the throe women were left alpne. Miss Danton grow listless and languid.' Sho spent hor days in purposeless Joiterings in and out of the cottago, in long reveries and solitary walks. ' .'? ' The middlo of May camo without bringing the yo.ung doctor, or even a letter from him. Tho family wore seatod ono moonlight night in the largo old-fajhioned porch in front of tho cottage, onjoying, tho moonlight and Eony's piano. Kate sat in a rustic armchair just outside, looking up at tho silvery crescent swimming through poarly clouds and tho flickering shadows of .the climbing swootbriar coming and going in hor face. Captain Danton smoked and Grace talked to him ; and while sho sat, Pathor Francis opened the garden gate and joined them. ' Havo you hoard, from your brother yet ?' ho asked of Grace after a few moments' preliminary conversation. ' No ; it is rather strange that ho doos not write.' ' ' ' ; 'Ho told mo to mako his apologies. ' I' had a,, lettor from him to- day. Ho is vory busy preparing' to gy away.' ' . ' Go away ! Go whero ?' '..'?'? ' To Germany ; ho leaves in a weok.' ' And he will not come down to say good by ?' inquired Grace, indigri&nfcly.; ' ' Oh, certainly ! He will bo hero in a day or two.' 'Arid how long is. ho going to stay abroad ?' t . ' That sobms uncertain. A year or two probably, at the very least.' ' Graco stole a look at Kato, but Kato' had drawn back into, tho shadow of tho porch, and hor faco was not to bo, soen. Father Francis lingered for half ' an hour arid then doparted; and as tho dow was' falling^ heavily the group in tho porch rose to go in. ' Tho young, lady iii tho arm chair did not stir. ' Oomo in, Kato,' hor fathor said} 'It is too damp to remain thoro.' ' Yes papa presently.' About' a quarter of an horn1 later sho entered tho parlour to, say good-night, vory palo, as they all uotiood. . . ..',..-' ''l know sitting in tho night air was bad,' hor ifathor said. 5' You aro as whito as a ghost.' , , Miss Danton was very grave, aud still for tho next two days— a littlosad, Graco thought, On the third day Doctor Frank arrived. It was lato in tho aftornoon, and ho was to dopart again early noxt morning, 1 ' What aro you running away for now ?' askod Ih'h siHtor, with asperity. ' What has put this Gorman notion in your hoad ?' Tho young man smiled, 'My doar Grace, don't wear that sovoro faco; Why should I not go V 'What is to dotain me horo ?' This was such an unansworablo question that: Graco only turned nway impationtlyj and Kato, who was in tho room, fancying the brothor and mstor might wish to bo alono, aroso and departed, As tho door olosod after hor, Captain Danton's wifo faced round and ronowod tho attack, ' If you ^yan^: to know what is to detain you hore,I oan i oil you now. Stay at homo and marry Kato Danton,' /'?..' r-Hor brothor lamghod, but in rathor a oon stminod way, ' - ' ' That is oasior naid than1 done, sistor mino. Miss Diiiiton novot1 did morb than tolorato me in hor lifo-somutimos not ovon that. ' Im poBsiinlitioB aro not so easily aohiovod as you think.' . . ' ' SuppoHo you try.' : , ; ' And lio rofusod for my pains. No, tluuilc jou.' -. ?? .. ..?-????? 'Vory ? woll,'1 sitid Mrs. Gruoo, with a slirug ; ' a wilful man must havo his way I You oitn't tall whothur you will bo rofusod or not until you ask,' '? 'I' have a tolorRbly strong ioonviotion, l/hongh, Na, Mrs, Gmoo, I shall goto.Gor. ninny and forgot my folly, for .that I havo buon an idiot I clou t deuy.' ? 'Arid aro bo still I Do as you plouso, how ovor V it is no affair of. mino. . Doctor Frank rodooror to tho now building to boo' how it proga'DSsbd, It waB lato whon ho' rotur nod wftli tho captain, and ho found that Kato had dopartod,,to spond tho ovoniug with Miss Howard. . If ho wanted further, proof of hor ? iudifloronoo, surflly lta had it lioro. ' It vrafi very lato iiud tlio family, had rotirod boforo Miss Danton oamo homo. Sho. was good onbugh, though, to riso vot'y oavly tho noxt morning to say good- by. Doctor Frank' took his hasty' broalcf ant and oamo into tub parlour, whoro lio found hor ftlouo. I ' I thought I was not to havo tho pleasure ! of seeing you before I went,!' he said, holding [ out his hand. 'I havo but ton minntes left, so good-by.' His voico shook a little as ho said it. In spite of overy effort, her fingers closed around his and hor eyes looked up at him with her whole heart in their clear depths. ' Kate !' he exclaimed, the colour rushing to his face with a sudden thrill of ecstacy and his hand closing tight over tho slender fingers he hold. ' Kate' !' She turned away, her own cheeks died, not daring to meet that eager, questioning look. ' Kate!' he cried, appealingly, ' it is be cause I love you I am going away. I never thought to toll you.' ' .... * * * * * . Five minutes later . Grace opened tho door impetuously. ' Frank, don't you know that you will bo la — Oh, I beg your pardon.' Sho closed the door hastily and retreated. The captain, standing in tho doorway, lookod impatiently at his watch. ' ? : ' What keeps the fellow? He'll bo late to a dead certainty.' ' Grace laughed, ? ' There is no hui-ry, I think, I don't be liovo Frank will go to Germany this time.' (To be continued!) 