Chapteii .XXII,—To Eiut is Human. Instead of; keeping behind her straight home I turned from the main road and with my mind full of gloomy thoughts^ wandered about the dark quiet thoroughfares in the neighbor hood of Uampden Hill until, having walked for . over an hour undecided how to act, I awoke to a consciousness that I was before my own house. •When I entered I opened a telegram lying on the hall table and found it was. from Lord Warnhain, stating that he was leaving the Premier's suddenly and asking me to call at Berkley-square at G. It was then a quarter to G and I saw that even by cab I must be ten minutes late for tbe appointment. ''Has my wife returned, Juekes?" I asked my faithful man, who stood ready to relieve me of hat and coat. " Yes, sir. She returned an hour ago and is now in the drawing-room." My first impulse was to return to Berkeley square without seeing her, but unable longer to bear the suspense I allowed Jnekes to take my things and. entered the room, where she awaited me. "Ah! Geoffrey!" she exclaimed, - jumping to her feet with an expression of joy and coming forward to meet me. " I expected you home long ago, dearest," and she raised her face for the habitual kiss. "Oh," I said coldly, placing her away from me without caressing her. Have you been home long ?" "A long, long time," she answered, regard ing my coldness with unfeigned surprise. "Where have you been to-day?" I enquired rather sharply, talcing up a position on the hearthrug with my back to the bright wood fire. " This morning I went to Mr. Praga's studio and gave him a sitting. He is painting my portrait for the Academy, you know." " Yes," I answered. " He told me so at the club the other -day. Where else have you been?" . ,." Wby- are.-youj.so. anxious to have a.com pl'ete record of'my doings?'' she asked, pout-, ing. "You seem absurdly suspicious." I smiled bitterly. Since lier return she had exchanged her tailor-made gown for a haud some dinner dress and wore as her only orna ment a string of pearls, my wedding gift. She stood gazing at me with her dark blue eyes wide open and brows arched in well-feigned reproach. "You did not return to lunch," I said quietly..: _yr. . . . ? r;y: . "No, I went to Ponfc-street," she answered. "Mother was so fearfully upset." "Why?" ■ "Last night she detected Helmlioltz in the act of opening a letter he had taken from the postman. It contained a cheque and she was compelled to discharge him at a moment's notice." 'I understood lie was quite a model ser vant," I said in genuine surprise at this latest development. To me it was astounding that a shrewd officer like Kenonf should have thus allowed himself to he caught napping. "Mother thought most highly of him," she went on. " But it now appears that for the past few weeks she has had suspicions that her letters were being tampered with, for two cheques sent by tenants for rent have been stolen." "I never thought very much of him," I said. "Neither did I,"she declared. "He had such a silent cunning way and moved so softly that dozens of times when I have turned suddenly I have been quite startled to find him standing close to me. I'm glad mother has got rid of him. She packed him off bag and baggage." "Did he protest his innocence ?" "No. He treated her with cool indifference, placed his things in his portmanteau leisurely, hailed a cab, and went off without asking for his wages." I was silent. The reason Renouf should descend to steal cheques was inexplicable. One thing, however, appeared clear ;' namely, that he had tqkea an unusual interest in the nature of Mrs. Laing's correspondence. To ine it was a matter for congratulation that as he liad been detected by his mistress and dis charged he could not cast upon nio the blame for his betrayal. " Yv'hat did you do after luncli?" I at last enquired, returning to my charge. '•I went shopping," she replied, smiling. "With whom?" "Alone." "Were you alone the whole time?' I en quired, regarding her intently. Her lips quivered slightly and her glance wavered. "Yes," she answered, "I did not meet any one I knew." " That is' a lie, Ella !" I cried. "It is not," she stammered, pale and agi tated. "I have told von the truth." " To prevaricate is utterly useless," I said angrily. "I followed you through Kensing ton Gardens, where you were walking with your lover. I _ I " My lover!" she cried hoarsely, in dismay. "He—he is not iny lover. I had never seen him before!" "Then by your own admission you liave abandoned all respect for mo and yourself. You are addicted to strolling alone with any idiot who flatters you." "I swear I do not," she retorted. "You misjudge me entirely." And she placed her trembling hand upon my arm. But I shook it off wrathfully, saying, " I have discovered the truth, alas, too late While making pretence to love me you prefer the society of other men. . I was a blind fool or I should have discovered the fact, plain to everybody else, that Ogle, was your lover and that you mourned for him when he met the fate he so justly deserved." •" He never uttered one word of love to me, Geoffrey," she protested. "How can you i make such horrible charges against me when I j love you so dearly," she cried, bursting into a torrent of tears. "Because," 1'said with emphasis, "because I have mvself followed you this evening. Surelv Kensington "Gardens is not the spot where a wife should take recreation, unless clandestinely as you have done. No, tiiis is not the lirst occasion you have lied to me, Ella, but it shall be the last." "The last!" she gasped, glancing up at me. "What do you mean?" "I mean that I can have no further confi-1 deuce in you and that we are better apart." " You "don't intend to leave me? Surelyl you would never be so cruel, Geoffrey? It would kill me." j "I have loved you, Ella," I said hoarsely, , after a pause brief and full of suspense. . " No man could have loved a woman with a passion more tender than I have done, but now that I have discovered how basely I have been de ceived my affection has turned to hatred." " Yon bate me," she wailed. "All, no, you I cannot—you shall not," she cried, as rushing | towards "me she threw both arms around my neelc and, notwithstanding my efforts to avert I her. pressed her tear-stained face to mine. Roughly I unclasped her arms and cast her from me; saying— "I have resolved. Nothing will cause me to | reeonsidc-r my decision. We must part." " It is not like you, Geoffrey, to bo cruel to I a woman," she said reproachfully, standing | before me. "I admit I have acted foolishly, j but that man yon saw was not my lover. I care for no one'except your own dear self." ! . " Termi of endearment are unnecessary," I answered' impatiently, turning from hep j "Such expressions from one who has-so grossly deceived me are absolutely nauseating. I have striven for your social advancement and have loved you dearly, but from this moment you are my wife only in name." .She buried her face in her hands and was seized by a fit of hysterical sobbing. AH her self-control had vanished at the instant she realised that I knew the truth, and she now stood before me bent and penitent. "Forgive me," she whispered earnestly. "Forgive mo, Geoffrey." "No," I- answered with firmness, "Icannot trust you."' "Overlook this incident and I will never again give you cause for jealousy," she ex claimed. "I will do anything you ask, only have patience with me." "I have already had patience," I answered. "Yet, deceived as I am daily, we cau live to gether no longer." "But I- love you," she declared with fierce earnestness, fixing her fathomless eyes upon me. " If I lose you I shall kill myself." "It is your "own fault entirely," I said. "You have chosen to act in this manner and whatever are the consequences they are of your own seeking. I suppose you will tell me next that this man who was with you compelled you to meet him." "That is the absolute truth," she faltered. " Ah, always the same lame tale," I observed in disgust. " I have not forgotten that night at the Nook when I watched you walking with Beclc. No, Eiia. There is some strange mystery about it all that I don't like. You pretend to love me, but you have some ulterior motive." . " There is a mystery, it is true," she ad mitted, lier eyes dimmed with.tears. "A mystery so strange and startling that when : vou know the truth you will stand aghast and dumfounded. But with its elucidation you will have knowledge of how I have suffered and striven for your sake: therefore I can only pray that the revelations that must accrue may be-hastened, for although to-day you regard me as base and deceitful you will then learn how .much one woman has endured and sacri ficed because she loved you." "Then we must part until this mystery is cleared up," I said calmly, my heart full of grief. "You refuse to take me, your husband, into your confidence, therefore I can place no further reliance in your word." " Think," she cried, clutching my arms con vulsively. "Why-should the happiness. of both of us be wrecked by a mere misunder standing?" ! "A misunderstanding!" I echoed. "It is assuredly more than thai." " No,"she answered, endeavoring to stifle her sobs. " You misunderstand me, believing me false to you, avbereas I am acting solely in our mutual"interests." " "To walk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your husband's interests," I observed bitterly. , "Ah, you are mistaken," she said qhiekly. "When "all is explained you will regret the cruel words you have uttered this evening." "Have'I then no cause to object to your acquaintance with this man?"I enquired, look ing sharply at her. "None whatever. He is neither my lover nor my- friend.". . "What is his name?" "I do not know. He did not tell me," she replied. " \V as this the only occasion you had met ?" "It was." " He spoke to you casually. in the street, I suppose?" "No, we met by appointment at Victoria station," she answered quite frankly. " By appointment. Then you know him ?" _ "No, our meeting was arranged by a third? person. It was by 110 means of an amatory character, I assure you." •' What was its object ?" I asked. Slowly she shook her head. "1 cannot tell you without relating to you facts that I dare not yet divulge." " All! as I thought," I. cried in anger. "You refuse always to explain. As each, week passes the mystery surrounding you increases." "Unfortunately I cannot prevent it," she answered in a low earnest tone. " Before we married I told you plainly that I intended to seek the truth of the conspiracy against Dudley's life, and you did not object." " Why not leave that wretched affair to the police and secure our own happiness?" I urged. "Because the police are powerless. They can have no clue." "Is it then absolutely necessary that you should attain this end ?' I enquired dubiously. "Are you ready to sacrifice your own home and husband' in order to ascertain the truth regarding a crime ?" "Yes, it is absolutely imperative," she re plied emphatically. "Before perfect happi ness can be ours we must both be aware of the causes which led to Dudley's sudden death. Towards that eud I am striving, and knowing what I do I am regardless of your suspicions and your cruel words. If we part—well, it ■will be you who one day will be filled with bitter regret, and as for me I shall not pause in my merciless quest." Often she had told me that to ascertain the true cause of Dudley's, death was, next to her duty as my wife, her main object in life, and these words, uttered with- an. earnestness that was genuine, bore out her most frequent decla^ rations. Glancing at the facts as a whole it was not surprising that I should have sus pected Dudley of having been her lover whose death she intended to avenge. In silence and hesitation I paced the room that she had furnished with such exquisite taste. A dozen times she asked forgiveness, but no word passed niy lips. She stood motionless, her head bent in submission, her hands clasped before her, awaiting my decision. Her pale, tear-stained face betrayed signs of a terrible breathless suspense, she fearing that I intended to cast her off, while I could uot bring myself to any firm belief that her decla rations of affection were genuine. Between us there yawned a gulf of darkness and mystery which hourly grew wider and more impassable. "Tell me that you'll still be patient and wait," Ehe implored at last. "Surely you can see how intensely I love you and how utterly aimless will be my life if w'e part." • - " This mystery is, I confess, Ella, driving me to distraction," I said, halting at last before her. " Cannot you confide in me ? I will preserve silence, I promise." "No, no," she gasped in fear. "I—I dare not." Her attitude was one of deep dejection, yet I could not fail to notice, even at this moment of her abject despair, how beautiful she was. But a look of unutterable terror was in her deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome features was an expression as though, dreading exposure, she were haunted by some terrible ghost of the past. "You told me this once before," I said | gravely, "and I trusted you. To-day I have | discovered my confidence ill-placed." "Trust me once again," she cried hoarsely. " Only orice, and 1 will show you ere long that I your suspicions are utterly without founda tion." v I took another turn up and down the draw ing-room;1 my hands clasped behind my back, my gaze' fixed upon the carpet. I was still undecided. With a sudden impulse she rushed forward, and flinging her arms about my neck kiss'ed me, next; second bursting into tears and bury ing her face upon mv shoulder. My hand un consciously stroked "iicr hair and, bending, I pressed my lips upon her soft cheek. Then she knew that X had forgiven, and holding back her sob3 with difficulty raised her face'and kissing me passionately thanked me in a low broken voice, assuring me that I should never regret the step I had taken. During half fan hour we remainod_ together she full of love and confidence, I admiring and hopeful, i I was glad I had not acted rashly nor left her as I had intended, and as we went into dinner arm in arm we laughed together, joyous m each other's love. After we had eaten, I smoked a cigarette and lingered as long as possible, happy with my well-beloved, then kissing her fondly I was compelled to take a liansom to Berkeley-square, promising her to return at tho_earliest possible moment and expressing •confidence that our love would last always. ' The earl, grumbling at my tardy arrival, was busy in liis library with a number of im portant dispatches relating to our affairs in the East. When he had expressed displeasure that I had riot been waiting to. receive him he added—'{■' "But there, I suppose now you are married, Deedes, your wife. is exacting—they always are. She likes you to dine with her, eh?' "Yes," i admitted, smiling. "I did dine at home." - "All, I thought so," snapped the shrewd old Minister. "A good dinner and your wife's smiles were of. more consequence to yon thari England's prestige with the Sultan, ' ehr' :: _ , I made no answer to this sarcasm, but began busying myself, with the corres pondence, packing it away in the dispatch bag and (sealing it for delivery to Hammerton, the messenger, who was waiting in an adjoin ing^room ready to take it to Constantinople. Not until 11 o'clock was I able to get away from Berkeley-square and leaving the aged statesman alone, deeply immersed in the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from her Majesty's representatives at, the various Courts of Europe, I drove back to Phillimore Gardens. On arrival home ray first question of .Tuckes was whether Ella was in the drawing-room. "No, sir. Madam is out, sir." . "Out*!. When did she go out ?" "About an hour after you had left, sir," replied the man. ." She has gone into the coun try, I believe." "Into the country? What makes you think : "Because she put on her travelling dress and took two trunks, with her," ho answered. "Roberts, lier maid, says she packed the boxes herself three days ago." "Did she say where she was going?" I enquired breathlessly. "No, sir. She left no message with anyone." Entering the drawing-room with my over coat still on I noticed, lying upon her little rosewood escritoire, a note addressed to me. Eagerly I took it up, tore it open, and read its contents. Thero' were only a few hurriedly scrawled words—a brief and formal farewell. "You cannot trust me," she wrote, "there fore we are . best apart. Do not attempt to follow mo, for you cannot find me. Do not think ill of me, for even if I have wronged and deceived you I have nevertheless been your friend." It coihmenced.formally without any endear ing term and concluded abruptly with the two words " your wife." ' ■>. Eor a few moments I stood with it in my hand, staring at it in blank amazement. Then it occurred to me. that in that very escritoire she kept all her correspondence, and it was more than probable that I might learn the truth from sorne of the Tetters therein con tained. /. 1;! " I endeavored;., to., open it, but it was a3 usual | locked. She' had; taken the key. In my sudden excitement I called to .Tuckes to bring me a hammer and with a few sharp blows broke open the sloping leather-covered top, finding a number of letters addressed in un familiar handwriting. One larger than the rest, crumpled, dirty, and worn, as. if it had reposed in someone's pocket for a long period, I took out and eagerly opened beneath the soft-shaded lamp. " My God !" I c-ried aloud, scarcely able to believe; my own eyes when next instant I realised the terrible truth. " My God ! I had never suspected this !" . . (To be continued..) 