FIRST BOOK' The Outer World. Chapter XVTII.—(Continued.) Glory walked to a window at tne end or the corridor that she might see'him when he crossed the street ' There was just a glimpse of his back as he turned the corner with a slow step and his head on his breast. She went back crying. • "I could fancy a fresh herring for supper, dear," said Polly. • " What do you say, house keeper 2" John Storm went back to the canon's house a crushed and humiliated man. "I can dono more," he thought. "I will give it up." His old influence with Glory must have been lost. Something had come between them—some thing or someone. "Anyhow it is all over and I must go away, somewhere." To go on seeing Glory would be useless. It would also be dangerous. As often as he was face to face with her he wanted to lay hold of her and shake her and say, _ "You must do this and this because it is my wish and direction and command, and it is I that say so." In the midst of God's work how subtle Avere the temptations of the devil. But with every step that he went plod, plodding home there came other feelings. He could see the girl quite plainly, her fresh young face/so strong and so tender, so full of humor and hearts love and all the sweet beauty of her form and figure. Then the old pain in his breast came back again and he began to be afraid. "I will take refuge in the church," he thought. In prayer and penance and fasting he would find help and consolation. The church was peace—peace from the noise of life and strength to fight and to vanquish. But the church must be the church of God—not of the world, the flesh", and the devil. "Ask the canon if lie can see me imme diately,"said John Storm to the footman, and he stood in the hall for the answer. The canon had taken tea that day in the study with his daughter Felicity. He was reclining on the sofa, propped up with velvet cushions and holding the teacup and saucer like the wings of a butterfly in both hands. . : "We have been deceived, my dear" (sip, sip), "and we must pay the penalty of tne deception. Yet we have nothing to blame ourselves for—nothing whatever. Here was a young man from heaven knows where, bent on entering the church. True, he was merely the son of a poor lord who had lived the life of a hermit, but he was also the nephew, and pre sumably the heir, of the Prime Minister of England." (Sip, sip, sip.) "Well, I' gave him his title. I received him into my house. I made him free of my family—and what is the result? He has disregarded my instruc tions, antagonised my supporters, and borne himselftowards me with an attitude of defiance, if not disdain. . . . Another cup, my child." Felicity poured out a second cup of tea for her father and sympathised with him. She wondered how he could have tolerated the young man so long. "I had my reasons, dearest; but as I tell you, I have been deceived—repeatedly de ceived. For example, I did not know until he told me, a little more than a month ago, that before coming to me he had finally quarrelled with his father—a most culpable and indeed uncompromising instance of concealment—and that down to the day of kis_ arrival he had never so much as set eyes on his uncle." Felicity was not surprised. The young man had no conversation and his reticence was quite embarrassing. Sometimes when she had friends and asked him to come down his silence—well, really "We might have borne' with these little deficiencies, my dear, if the Prime Minister had been deeply interested. But he is not. I doubt if he has ever seen his nephew since that first occasion. ' And when I called at Downing- street about the time of the sermon he seemed entirely undisturbed. 'The'young man is in the wrong place, my dear canon; seud him back to me.' That was all." "Then why don't you do it?" asked Felicity. • " It is coming to that, ,my child; hut I must bo discreet, I must watch my oppor tunity. Blood is thicker than water, you know, and after all——" It was at this moment the footman en tered the room to ask if the canon could^ see Mr. Storm. "Ah, the man himself !" said the canon, rising. "Jenkyns, remove the tray." Drop ping his voice, "Felicity, I will ask you to leave us together. After what ooourred this morning at tho hospital anything like a scene " Then aloud, "Bring him in, Jenkyns, , , , Say something, my dear. Why don't you speak ? , , , Corns in, my dear Storm, You'll see to that matter for me, Felicity, Thanks, thanks, Sorry to send yen aft, but I'm sure Mr, Sterm will excuse yqu, Ciaedvfciyq' fen-4kq-$resent-.." jBeBeit^wentreutwas-JohifeStermseamedBi He looked excited and there was an expression of pain in his face. "I am sorry to disturb you, but I need not detain you long," he said. "Sitdown, Mr. Storm, sit down," said the canon returning to the sofa.. But John did not sit. He stood by the chair vacated by Felicity and kept beating his hat on the tack of it. I have come to tell you, sir, that I wish to resign' my curacy." The canon glanced .up with a stealthy ex pression and thought "How clever of him? To resign before he is told plainly that he has to go—that is very clever." Then he said • aloud—" I am sorry, very sorry. I'm always sorry to part with my clergy. Still—you see I am entirely frank with you—I have observed that you have not been comfortable of late and I think you are acting for the best., When do you wish to leave me 'c' " As soon as convenient—as early as I can be spared." The canon smiled ^condescendingly. " That need not trouble you all. With a staff like mine, you see . . . . Of course you are aware that I am entitled to three months'" notice?" . "Yes." " But I will waive it; I will not detain you„ Have you seen your uncle on the subject ?" "No." "When you do so please say thatXalways try to remove impediments from a young man's path if he is uncomfortable—in the wrong place, for example." "Thank you," said John" Storm, and then he hesitated a moment before stepping to the door. , . i . The canon rose and bowed affably. "Not an angry word," he thought. "Who shall say that blood does hot count for something 7" "Believe me, my dear Storm," he said aloud, "I shall' always remember with pride and pleasure our early connection. _ lb will continue to be a source of satisfaction to me that I was able to give you your first opportu nity, and if your next curacy should chance to be in London I trust you will allow us to main tain the acquaintance." John Storm's face was twitching and" his pulses were beating violently, but he was trying to control himself. " Thank you," he said ; " but it is not-very likely " "Don't say you are giving up orders, dear Mr. Storm, or perhaps that you are only leaving our church in order to unite yourself to another. Ah! Have I touched on a tender Eoint ? You must not be surprised that rumors ave been rife. We cannot silence the tongues of busybodies and mischief-makers, you know. And I confess, speaking as yourspiritual head and adviser, it would ' be a source of grief .to me if a young clergyman who has eaten the bread of the establishment and of _ my own living as well, were about to avow himself'the subject slave of. an Italian bishop." John Storm came back from the door. " What you are'' saying, sir,-requires that T should he plain spoken. In giving up my curacy I am not leaving the Church of Eng land—I am only leaving you." '' I am so glad ; so relieved." "I am leaving you because I cannot live with you .ariy longer, because the atmosphere you breathe is impossible to me, because your religion is nob my religion, or vour God my God!" "You surprise ma What have I done ?' "A, month ago I asked you to set your face as a clergyman against the shameful immoral marriage of a man of scandalous reputation, but you refused; you excused* the man and sided with him. This morning you thought it necessary to investigate in public the case of one of that man's victims, and you sided with the man again—you de nied to the girl the right even, to mention the scoundrel's name." ; "Howdifferently we see things ! Do you know I thought my examination of the poor young thing was merciful to the point of gentleness. And . that I may tell yon—not withstanding the female volcano who came down an me—was the view of the board-and of his lordship the chairman." "Then I am sorry to differ from them. I thought it unnecessary and unmanly and brutal and even blasphemous !" , " Mr. Storm 1 Do you know what you are saying!" | : "Perfectly, and I came to say it." ] His eyes were wild, his voice was hoarse; he was like a man breaking the bonds of a tyran nical slavery. ; "You called that poor child a cruel name because she had wasted the good gifts which God had given her. But God has given good gifts to you also—gifts of intellect and elo-j quence with which you might have raised the fallen and supported the weak and defended the down-trodden and comforted the broken hearted—and what have you done with them ? You .have bartered them for benefices and peddled them for popularity; you have given them in exchange for money, for houses, for furniture, for things like this—and_ this— and this; You have sold your birthright for a mess of pottage, therefore you are the sinner." "You're not yourself, sir; leave me," and crossing the room the canon touched the bell. : • :■•••• :■ "Yes, you are ten thousand times worse than that poor fallen girl with her taint of blood and will. There would be . no such women as she is to if all victims to evil com panionship if there were no such men as you are to excuse their betrayers and to side with them." "You're mad, sir. But I want no scene——" "And you are in the Church, in the pulpit, and call yourself a follower of the One who forgave the woman and shamed the hypocrites and had not where to lay His head." But the canon had faced about and fled out of the room. The footman came in answer to the bell, and finding no one but John Storm he told him that a lady was waiting for him in a carriage at the door. ' It was Mrs. Callender. She had come to say that she had called at the hospital for Polly Love and the girl had refused to go to the hbme at Sobo. ' "But whateVer's amiss with ye, man ?' she said. V " You might have seen a ghost." He had come out .bareheaded, carrying his hat in his hand. ( "It's all over,".he said. "I've waited weeks and weeks for it, but it's over at lasfc. It was of no use mincing matters, so I'spoke out." His red eyes were ablaze, but a great load seemed to be lifted off bis mind and his soul seemed to exult. ' . ' "I have told him I must leave him and lam to go immediately. The disease was dire and the remedy had to he dire also." The old lady was holding her breath and watching his flushed face with strained atten tion.: " And what may ye be going to do now?" " To become a religious in something more than the name; to leave the world altogether with its idleness and pomp and hypocrisy and unreality." / '' Get yoursell some flesh on your bones first, man. It's easy to see you've no been sleeping or eating these days and days together." r "That's nothing — nothing at all. God cannot take half your soul. You must give yourself entirely." . • "Eh, laddie, laddie, I feared me this, was what ye were coming; til. But a man cannot bnry himself before he is dead. He may bury the half of himself, but is it the better half? What of his thoughts—diis wandering thoughts? Choose for yoursell, though, and if you must go—if you must hide yoursell for ever, and this is the last Pm to see of you—you'may kiss me, laddie—I'm old enough, surely. - Go on, James, man; what for are you sitting up there, staring?" When John Storm returned to his room he found a letter from Parson Quale: It was a good-natured, cackling epistle, full of sweet nothings about Gloryand the hospital, about Peel and the discovery of the ancient ruins in the graveyards of the treen chapels, but it closed with this postscript— " You will remember old Chaise, a sort of itinerant beggar and the privileged pet of everybody. The silly old gawk has got hold of your father and has actually made the old gentleman believe that you are bewitched. Someone has put the evil eye on you—some woman it would seem—and that is the reason why you have broken away and behaved so strangely. It is most extraordinary. That such a foolish superstition should have taken hold of a man like your father is really quite astonishing, but if it will only soften his rancor against yon and help to restore peace we may perhaps forgive the distrust of Provi dence and the outrage on common sense. All's well that ends well, you know, and we shall all be happy." 