NOW V FIRST PUBLISHED. A Theatrical Marriage tIr E Er.un [tRiUCE. tALL RIGHTS RESE 'RVD.] CHAPTER XIX. SPENCER WES1JS 'AFFAIRE DU COEUR.' I cannot say I felt any surprise when about a fortnight later Mr. Spencer West made his appearance. He greeted us in his usual languid manner; his slow, deeptoned English voice always had a faint sound of personal aggrieve ment in it. On the whole I though this was natural and not assumed. He did not put up at the same hotel, having a grievance against the landlord who had not treated him well on some point during his previous stay in Auckland, however he was quite near enough for us to see a good deal of him, and a dearth of more desirable acquaintances made me willing to forget and forgive as much as possible his opinion of my self, besides he had not been a day in Auckland before I was sure that I had nothing to fear from him, he was an honourable man'and however much interest he might take in Willie he would not make love to her. Indeed he was not in love with her, and she had greately_ overestimated her in fluence over him. Of this I was con vinced; he was awfully bored in Sydney; he told us several evenings after his arrival. He walked over after dinner, and as it was a warm evening, we migrated to the balcony. ' Bored, how was that ?' I asked. He looked towards Willie as he an swered. 'Well, perhaps saying' bored' is not quite honest. I was out of it with the Marchs, and I believe I got jealous, and so cleared-' Willie turned away her head, but not before I had seen a flush of annoy ance come to her cheeks. Jealous, surely you are too sensible for that?' I returned. 'I am afraid I am not too sensible my dear fellow,' he answered in his lazy voice,' I can't lay claim to any of the robust virtues.' SWho were you jealous about ?' said Willie sharply, ' the Major?' 'No, it was about his daughter, Mrs Fitzgeorge,' said \'est calmly. '* It is t..o cold here, I am going in,' exclaimed Willie, and without saying anything more, site left us alone. Spencer \Vest commenced some re monstrance, but she did not wait to hear him finish his speech, though he opened the French window for her to pass through. ' Yes, it was a great bore.' he con tinued, re-seating himself. 'I hoped I had got beyond that sort of thing, Fitz george, but I found that I bad not.' 'One never gets beyond unpleasant sensations,' I said gloomily. I had half suspected in Hobart that he was in love with Jacqueline, but he had carried himself so bra.ely that I had never been altogether sure, and now the knowledge gave me active annoy ance, for was he not free to win her; free, where I was fettered ? 'Are you very hard hit?' I asked, after a silence, which neither had at tempted to break. He began lighting a cigar, and after he had done so he answered, '\Vhy, yes, I think so; she is not the girl to cause a slight attack unfortunately.' Did you tell her?' I asked. 'Oh, no,' he answered; 'where was the use? I had not the faintest chance. So, why give her the unpleasant task of rejecting me, to say nothing of my own feelings.' 'Then you never told your love,' I said willing to make a jest of it, perhaps because I felt in so different a mood. 'No, as you say I never told my love,' he answered, taking his cigar from his lips and looking at it content platively ; 'but I am not letting con cealment prey on my damask cheek, as I've been taking you into my confi dence. The sea trip has unhinged my brain, and make me garralous.' We were silent again after this for some time. I was thinking that Spencer West's confidence had not been made without a motive; he wanted Willie to understand he was a friend, not an ad mirer, and also, perhaps, to set my mind at rest. 'You admired her, did you not?' he said at last. 'No one with eyes in their face and a brain in their head could do otherwise I answered gloomily. Our eyes met after this, and we ex changed a steady look. He got up and leant over the balcony. ' Mrs. Fitzgeorge was right, it is cold,' he said, in a different tone. 'Shall we join her?' 'I think.' said Willie to me a week later, 'that Spencer WVest has become an awful mope--no fun at all. I am not a scrap sorry he is going.' This was indeed the case. Mr WVest only stayeda fortnight in Auckland, and then went on his way to England via Friso. However, if the King was dead, it was also 'long live the king 1' and he took-the shape of an exquisitely dressed young man, a Bostonian by name-Leonard ,B. Vanderbilt. He was plainly and deeply smitten by Willie, and followed her everyhere. His ,deas, purely.of Parisian type, one sees on the stage, treated me with the indifference dealt out to husbands in the ?sual run of French drama. I was a necessary, but an unpleasant ad .junct, to be deceived if possible and Scheerfully ignored when not carelessly slighted at times. .I averted myself .other times ; the real truth is I was Only too glad to be relieved'of Willie's society;and.efface myself for awhile. However, his advent was certainly the cause of hastenirig a supreme crisis in my married life, so possibly he deserves more description than I have given him, but his character was of the uninteresting type that only suggests side touches in word painting. ' Look Ihere, Willie,' I remarked one day, 'don't encourage that fellow Vanderbilt to join us, wherever we go ; he is not good form, rather a cad.' Willie looked at me curio'sly for a moment, but made no answer. ' Do.you hear? I said. She nodded her head, maintaining an obstinate silence. Alas I I knew too well what this meant by now to be astonished. Any wish I expressed was always greeted in the one way silence, stolid silence. The effect of this to be understood must be experienced. A feeling of being vaquished in some vague way, of the inutility of remonstr nce, argument or suggestion, when met by an immoveable stolidity of aspect, is partly the effect produced; the other is a maddening sense of slight and insult. Much has been written on ana said of the beauty of silence during a disagreement. For my part give me replies ; bitter, sarcas tic, passionate, taunts, anything but obstinate silence. 'I think it about time we brought our trip to an end,' I said, conquering my annoyance at her silence as well as I could, and changing the subject at the same time. 'I've spent too much money as it is, so we must settle down quietly now.' As I spoke I shuddered in prospect at the idea of settling down into domestic quiet with Willie, nor did she seem at all enchanted at the vista thus opened out to her view. She turned her mascotte bracelet round in silence and when she did not speak it was not at length. ' Melbourne or Sydney ? 'Sydney, I think,' I answered. 'We need not decide at once, though. Which would you prefer ? She sighed dismally. ' Melbourne for some things,' she said at last, ' but perhaps Sydney would be better on the whole. You wouldn't like to be too near to Jim and Susie.' Having thus spoken she leant her head on her hand and seemed to be thinking intently, and indeed after this she seemed often to be lost in thought as if gravely considering the pros. and cons. of some important question. On one occasion we returned from a ride (accompanied to my great disgust by Mr. Vanderbilt), and as she sat down and began drawing off her gloves, she looked in front of her with a puzzled air. 'You seem to be thinking something over Willie,' I said, putting mny hand on her shoulder. She turned her face up to me and smiled abstractedly, then seemed to recollect herself. ' What are you going to do this evening, Jerry ?' she said carelessly. I answered this question by a question. ' Why ! do you want me to take you anywhere ?' 'Oh, no. Mrs. Elder is going to show me a new stitch in knitting.' Mrs. Elder was a pleasant old lady, the wife of a clergyman, who was travelling for his health. She had taken a great deal of notice of Willie, and I always felt she was in safe hands when, with her. 'Is Mr. Vanderbilt to be present at the lesson ?' I asked drily. Willie gave a stare of surprise that was sufficient in itself to disarm all suspicion. 'No,' she answered, 'hce is going to spend the evening out. le is asked to a dance.' 'Then I think I will stroll round to the club, and have a game of billiards and a yarn with some of the fellows.' 'Shall you be late ? Willie asked, picking up her whip and gloves, and strolling towards the door. As I opened it for her, I answered, ' Eleven or half past ! That means twelve,' she grum bled '`Well take off your bobts, and don't be turning the gas up high, that always wakes me.' I laughed at this. ' Why, I've never known you to wake yet. You sleep as soundly as the seven sleepers.' ' Oh, do I, though,' she answered, after the general imanner of sound sleepers. ' I'm often awake, only I don't speak to get too wide awake.' It was, however, very little after eleven when I cautiously opened the bedroom door, determined not to awake my wife. Instead of the dim religious light I had expected from gas lowered to a speck, I found it burning brightly, and turned up to its highest. Willie was in bed and apparently sound asleep. I stole on tip-toe to 'the bed side and looked at her. Her head was all that was visible, but I noticed her hair, piled elaborately on top, had a faded flower in it, pinned by a little diamond crescent that had been my wedding present. An uneasy suspicion darted through my mind, but I tried to dismiss it at once as unworthy, and turned away, giving, however, a search ing glance round the room. On the dressing table was a pair of opera glasses ; I recognised these at once, for they had been Jacqueline's, and on Willie's admiring them she had given them to her. With a deepening sense of suspicion I picked them up, wonder ing what theydid onthe table out of their case. They were not needed for learning knitting, surely ! As I turned away my shoeless feet trod on a piece of crumpled up paper. I picked it up instantly. It was a pink play bill. Smoothing it out I saw it was for that evening. SomehowI felt that this was confirmation, strong as holy writ, Willie's knitting lesson had been going to the theatre with Mr. Vanderbilt. The same feeling of despair and help lessness, that I had experienced on finding she had written to Spencer West, took possession of me again. I was, alas, too utterly indifferent to her to feel the bitterness and pain one might at the discovery of the treachery of a woman they loved. An angry contempt was the warmest emotion I felt in the matter. I went'to the bed side again, and looked at her. I was sure now she was feigning slumber, as she barely could have had time1 to getto bed before I came; indeed her hair, not tal~en down, and the brighly burning gas told this. As I looked at her, I found myself wonder ing if a being like this could really be possessed of a soul, and whether the Orientals had not some foundation for their belief that women are soul-less. The same instinct of preservation that makes a beetle coil itself up and rest Iimmovable, feigning death, was what made her now act peaceful slumber. As I stood looking at her I recalled, with a sense of doubt as to my identity, the time when she had possessed sufficient power over me to induce me to ask her to marry me. I had been plastic material in her hands at that time, when my heart had beaten faster at her voice, and tihe glance of her eyes had bewitched and thrilled me. Had I been the man ? If so, surely we had taken some other natures upon us, and left our original ones behind that.day we vowed to love one another till death us did part. Was she the girl wnose eyes had fi led up with tears, whose cheeks had whitened at the prospect of my departure to Sydney ? Was I the man who had altered plans, put duty on one side, and remained at her request ? If so, surely this was a pitiful chapter in our married story. I went to bed at last, but not to sleep. A man of warmer passions might have managed and controlled Willie better. A 'man who would have roughly awakened her out of her feigned slumber, and threatened and abused her, would pos sibly have influenced her, but the blood that came with my' nine hundred years' old name' prevented me trom being brutal to any woman, and made me control myself and let her sleep in peace. The morning was soon enough for reckoning time. Jacqueline would have understood and respected this. Willie would most likely put it down to want of pluck, and despise it. -CHAPTER XX. SHE IS UP AND GONE, THE GRACEFUL. GIRL. -Hodo. It was breaking day when I fell asleep, tired out and sick at heart. I slept soundly until just in time to dress hurriedly for breakfast. Willie must have made a hurried and noiseless totlette, as there was nothing of her to be seen, nor did'we meet until breakfast, she having gone down before me. Talking earnestly to her, was a man whose face was very familiar to me, and, before I reached my seat at the table, I had recognised him as Mr. Green, who had been manager of the company at ' Lyceum.' We exchanged friendly greetings and when he complimented me on \Villie's blooming appearance, she smiled at me contentedly, uncon scious evidently of being discovered in deceit. As I ate my breakfast, I tried to think that some explanation must be forthcoming; that she had gone with Mrs. Elder and would tell me of it herself. She looked so young and innocent, it was hard to credit her with such double-dealing. As she and Mr. Green talked ' theatre' the whole time, beyond an occasional word, I did not -join in the conversation. Things theatrical, were very quiet I gathered, and he was forming a company to visit ' Frisco.' ' The drama this time,' he said, with a wry face, as if to say that opera bouffe had not been a financial success. Willie's face was a study, as she listened to him. She forgot her breakfast, in her interest. At heart, she belonged to the profession. ' The difficulty is getting a really good juvenile lead,' he said, with a laughing glance at us. ' If there is a promising actress, with a fine stage ap pearance, some young man carries her on to marry her.' Willie drew a deep breath an i nodded her head despondently in sympathetic coincidence with this. 'I've got Hattie Vere as the Juvenile lead,' went on Mr. Green. 'She would do very well, if she did not think good looks are all that is necessary for the stage. The other women are very little good. Harry Beauchamp is 'Star.'' 'Beauchamp,' is very good, said \Ville. ' He played a ound of charac ters when I was first at the Lyceum.' When we rose from the table, I told Willie I wanted to speak to her for a few moments, so I followed her into our sitting room. She looked at me keenly, yet furtively, all the laughter and mer riment gone from her face. 'I know its someth'ng horrid, from your face, Jerry,' she said pettishly. 'Be quick please and get it over, what now I' ' Where did you go last night,' I asked her. ' Go,' she repeated staring at me sullenly. 'Nowhere, I was with Mrs. Elder all the evening, learning knit ting.' I looked at her in disgust, at her falsehood, and under my eyes, her own fell, and she glanced restlessly about the room, as if anxious to escape. 'And you put flowers and diamonds in your hair Willie, and took your opera glasses, and brought back a. programme of the evening's entertainment, did you ?' I said coldly. She coloured up and darted a furious glance at me. 'Oh, you were spying were you I' through her clenched teeth. 'Pretended you were.going to the club and watched me instead.' 'Now, Willie, for your own sake,' I cried, 'Answer my question truthfully this time.' ' Where did you go last evening ?' 'If you know,' she said with a pre tence of indifference, ' What is the use of asking ?'. 'Answer me,' I replied steadily. 'Where did you go ?' ' Take my ad vice, now, and speak the truth, for I am in no moodto bear wsth any more lying or deceit.' We looked at one another after this, with the cold gaze of antagonists meas uring swords. 'I went to the theatre, she answered at last. ' Who with I' 'Mr. Vanderbilt.' I burst into a bitter laugh that had no joy in it. ' I thought so.' 'How did you know I' she asked calmly. 'I found the play-bill, saw the gas burning high, and you in bed pretend ing to be asleep, with your hair untaken down, and diamonds in it. It made me suspect.' The ghost ofa smile played round her mouth but was instantly and sternly sent back to the shades. But she showed no sorrow or embar rassment. * Vell you know _now,' she said defiantly. ' Now scold away, but don't I be longer than you can help.' Thus saying she seated herself at the table, put her elbows on it, and cushioned her chin in the palm of her hands watching me all the while with no friendly air. I have no intention of even remon strating with you,' I said coldly. .' I have learned its uselessness, you are too heartless, too ungrateful, too brazen, to be touched by anything, I might say but the next time you deceive me so, will be the last. So take warning, Willie.' 'You make as much fuss as if llI had murdered somebody,' she said passion ately. ' Where is the harm !' 'I don't mean to argue with you,' I said. 'Very likely our ideas of right and wrong differ : but remember, don't de ceive me again.' 'Oh, I wish I had never married you,' she cried, springing up from her seat and facing me, with flashing eyes and quivering lips. ' 'I could say 'Amen' 'to 'that,' I replied. 'You never loved me,' she answered flinging this accusation at me with a tragic air, ' You never loved me.' 'But I did care for you at first,' I answered coldly. ' I have made you a good husband, Willie ; done all I could for you, given you everything I could, taken you anywhere you wished to go, and the reward is, you deceive me as much as you can. 'Care for me,' she cried, ' When from the very first it was 'don't do this.' ' don't do that.' ' You must not say this,' ' you must not say that,' till my very life was a misery to me. You were always watching me to find fault with me.' ' could not help that,' I replied bitterly, ' when you were eternally committing some solicism that made us objects of remark. Blowing on your soup to cool it, putting you tea in your saucer, eating cheese with your knife, and so forth.' (To BE CONTINUED.) 