Billy Murdoch's "Good-bye." (A STEEPLE CHASING MEMORY.) "For you must give the field the slip, And never draw the rein, But keep him moving with the whip, And if he falter, set your lip, And rouse him up again! . . . . must say good-bye To bit and bridle rein, For I have dreamed a dream — and I Shall never ride again!" BARTY PATERSON'S "Rio Grande." Ogilvie and Carew had been to the Tivoli, and went soberly home to their Sydney hotel at the respectable hour of 11.15 p.m. As they sat in the snug smoking room, sipping their whisky and seltzer, and consuming the fragrant Henry Clay, Ogilvie said, "You, being a Devon man, may have dropped across Billy Murdoch down in your heather-clad country, in the old days." "I was up — and won — the very steeple- chase that poor Bill Murdoch was killed in," Carew replied, "Or to speak more correctly, in which he suicided. Moreover, he was a 'big fellow' at Winchester School where and when I was a 'small boy,' and where both hailing from the same neighbourhood, he clannishly afforded me the aegis of his protection and patronage. Bill Murdoch even in his schooldays had a holiday-earned reputation for reckless horsemanship. In the winter months of the year I left Win- chester, I remember old Colonel Murdoch selling the hunters because 'he wouldn't have his son eternally galloping about the countryside.' There was a tenant farmer of old Murdoch's owning a flashy, bad-tempered mare, more or less unrideable thereabouts; so Billy used to go down to the farm, camp there over night occasionally, and ride her out to hounds on hunting days; and to old Dimant's, the tenant's, ultimate profit, established the mare's repu- tation for clever fencing at the risk of his own neck. Bill Murdoch was for some reckless escapade re-called from school, and, after a 'spell' of alleged 'reading' with old Parson Ford, went up to 'Varsity; wherefrom he was soon sent down, rusti- cated. Then Billy went to London town, fixing up a lot of records in the matter of painting the city vermilion. He was a shining light at the Pelican Club, and a gray 'eyed girl who haunted the music halls entangled his soul in her wiles. Though at that time there was a little, low-voiced Devon lass, Parson Ford's daughter Ruth, breaking her heart for him — or about him. Poor little soul, she was one of those gentle-hearted women that seem always to have a rough time in this world, whatever they may get in the next. She had big brown eyes, and a soft sympathetic voice; and her shy wistful ways used to remind me in some remote fashion of a red hind in the heathery combes of the Quantock Hills. Maybe it was wiser and better for Bill Murdoch to break his own neok rather than little Ruth Ford's heart. Down in good old North Devon, of course all the folk over seven and under seventy knew of his hair-brained escapades up in London. But old Arthur the huntsman to the Stag hounds, and all the hard- faced second-horsemen of the West swore by him, whilst some of the masters of hounds swore at him, for the riding-over-hounds habits of a big black Irish hunter he had picked up at Reading Fair. 'Good Bye' was the name of this horse, named, I fancy after a song Ruth used to sing; he was a brute with a mouth like a camp-oven, a lot of pace, and — when he chose to exhibit it — a jumping capability equal to Spondulix. It was the end of the hunting season, and the Hunt Club Steeple- chase was getting a near event. Billy had entered 'Good Bye' for the Members' Cup, I had an entry, and there were eight others — whom you don't know, and whom I've mostly forgotten. Four and a half miles of hunting country, between flags ; a vastly different affair, not so dangerous looking, but almost as provocative of grief as the Rand- wick course, where 'the going' on a 'Steeple' day of a summer meeting is as hard as a pavement, and the fences are half-hid in clouds of dust. A week or so before the races Billy had a row — the last of a series — with the old Colonel, his father, over a post obit and some occult method he had adopted of 'raising the wind.' So he went up to London to his gray eyed music hall syren. The last time I saw Bill Murdoch, prior to the steeplechase was at his father's place. Ruth Ford was there that afternoon, and as we sat smoking outside, I heard her sing- ing the song which had supplied Bill's horse with a name: it was "Tosti's "Good-bye." The cord is frayed — the cruse is dry! The link must break and the lamp must die, Good-bye to Hope! Good-bye — Good-bye! Good-bye to Hope! Good-bye — Good-bye! Sang it as I never heard it sung since; if ever the wail of a broken heart was set to music, it was in that hopeless woeful refrain, as Ruth Ford sang it then. I did not stay for dinner that night, and Bill Murdoch went up to London, as I said just now. There, I believe he got on an almighty vermilion spree. He turned up, however, down in Devon, on the morning of the Steeplechase, with a few lines on his face that had not been there a month before. "There were ten entries for the Hunt Club Cup — I was riding Meg Merrilees, a very clever fast five-year-old, that could race and jump, or go slow and jump and keep on all day." Although somewhat of a novice in steeple-chasing, I had already gleaned the knowledge how easy it was for one to block the best horse in the world, over a country by unnecessary interference; and a lot of bunting had instilled the principles of the Great art of Sitting still. Whilst we were fooling about at the start Bill Murdoch laughingly said: "Look here you fellows, I'll want all the first fence to myself." I may get over it at the place I point my horse's head at, but if 'Goodbye' starts 'running down,' some of those who're handy will be 'down' too? We knew the horse — and the man, and as the mare was four and a half miles to do yet, Billy Murdoch had the first fence to himself. I was a little more than two lengths behind him on his left, and as he flew it, I just noticed the black horse's head go up slightly, as he landed safe, and knew that he was away with his rider. I was aware that the brute could jump if he liked, but for a mile or so Bill could no more stop him than he could stop a mail-train, and even Fordham's hands could be no more j use on Good-bye, than side pockets would be to a Pig. The only course was for Bill to sit still, let the horse run along for a mile, and then have a pull at him. We had done very nearly two miles, Good-bye was still leading, and my mount next, and the rest of the crowd — the Lord knew how far behind. The next fence was a high, blind bank, with a fair ditch on the take-off, just the sort of obstacle that needed a patent-safety sort of conveyance to negotiate it, and just the sort offence to bring a hard-mouthed rushing horse like 'Good-bye' to grief — or to 'stop' him. The black horse was tiring a bit already, and I was expecting to see Bill catch hold of his head and steady him if possible. I was gaining on him fast, till when fifty yards off the fence, Bill Murdoch turned in his saddle and yelled out, 'Come along young one, if you want to break your neck! for the Lord may never send you such a chance again!' Then I watched him give Good-bye a couple of vigorous thrusts with his four inch spurs, and the frantic horse viciously caught hold, and, as Meg Merrilees alighted cat-like on the bank-top, I saw a scarlet jacket ricochet like a canon-ball some 20 feet in front of a motionless black horse. I went on, and finished pretty nearly alone, the mare winning without any assistance of mine. "That was how Bill Murdock died. "Lord, what memories his name con- jures up. Ghosts that all the whisky in Dundee won't lay permanently. Re-called from Winchester, sent down from 'Varsity, quarrelled with his father, and parted from the little Devonshire girl; the entangle- ment with the music-hall syren with the soulful eyes and au unclean heart, and to break his neck unshriven, on a mad-headed steeplechase horse." Carew finished his whisky, and lit a fresh cigar. Ogilvie remarked: "Maybe he had the Iuck of it, to get killed at twenty-three. There are worse things in this world than a fatal fall from a horse at three and twenty. Bill Murdoch's girl wept for him, his father forgave him, and he went to sleep; whilst some of his crowd have remained only to have 'done with hope and honor and be lost to love and truth, and been dropping down the ladder rung by rung.'" " Yes," said Carew, "had Murdoch lived he'd probably have 'loved his neighbor's wife,' or have got married, or taken to drink, or done other foolish things that other fools have done; however, let us -— have a 'night- cap' and then go to bed. Bang that bell!" BREAKER. 