The Ghost of Quivira- The most romantic and remarkable ruin in the United States is that of the spectral and long-forgotten " city" which is the last resting place of the most famous myth in North America, tbe myth of the Quivira. There are larger ruins on this continent (says au American journal), though none within our national borders, and some handsomer. But no other ia so ghostly in look, nor the grave of so many centuries of golden hopes. The myth of the Quivira, originated in 1540, in the pueblo of Pecos, N.M.—itself a ruin now. Just then Francisco Vasqui z de Coronada—baring explored from the Grand Canon of the Colorado to the Bio Grande—had come here. The Pecos, to be rid of him, procured a Pawnee captive to tell him of the Quivira, a fabulous city of gold far to the north-west. Coronado -made an astounding march in pursuit of this will-o'-the-wisp, over-running what is now the Indian , Territory and Kansas, to about where Kansas City stands today. He proved the myth a lie in the very year of its invention, for he found the Quivira—the tepees cf a Teton tribe of nomad, buffalo-stagging savages —absolutely ignora&t; of thp precious metals. But though strangled so young the Quivira fable is not dead yet. Even sober Onate, the founder of New Mexico, more than half a-century later, chased tbe golden bubble ; and so did many others in the two centuries follow-, ing. And more Americans believe to day in the fable than ever Spaniards did. I have known a' man start from Los Angelos on this fool's errand within twelve months. In these 365 years, however, the locus of the myth has shifted from the eastern edge of Kansas, a matter of 800 miles—clear down to the centre of New Mexico ; and there it has halted for good. It will never move again—for no other place is so fitting. And doubtless it will never perish, since fools will never cease. THE ACCURSED LAKES For something like a century now the name " Gran Quivira'" (Great Qnivira) has been applied to the wonderful ruins which are the subject of this article. It is, of course, a stupidity out of whole cloth ; another case where sheep-herders and gold-crazy vagabonds have been permitted to make what we are pleased to call history. Not only has this spot not the remotest connection with anything distantly related to the Quivira, but it is a town so historic and so unmistakable that only ignorance could have misnamed it. It is the City that was Forgotten—till an historian came along with commoneense—namely. Bandelier. From the valley of the Rio Grande and Albuquerque yon see close on the east the long range of the 10,000ft peaks, which begin with the Sandias and stretch far to the south, shotting off from the valley the boundless great plains. You can go by carriage or horse, through Tijeras Canon and the hamlets of Chilili, Tajique, and Manzano—a long, bard, interesting ride ; but you will do well not to go without a guide, and yoa must carry, the last day going, water for your animals as well as for yourself. fen your right is the great mountain wall, on this side sending down to your very path the vanguard of its noble armies of pines. On your left the plains stretch brown to the very sunrise Far down them glitter the Accursed Lakes, where millions of buffalo drank till the gods Wasted the water to saltness, in anger at a treachery (so the Pueblo folk-lore says). For centuries they have been the natural salt works of the aborigines and Mexicans for more than a hundred miles. The lit'le Mexican towns are interesting—in one, at least, you may see the Pendente processions—and your itineraiy will naturally include the superb ruins of Abo and Cuaray. And from Puntade Aguayon come down into the strange, hushed, grassy loneliness of the plain, with solitary junipers and shadowlike antelope drifting into your ken and out. Toward evening, when the nnearthliness of the whole scene has so penetrated that you feel that nothing could be incredible—then of a sudden you fall upon a sight which you simply would not have believed had you seen it three days before. Even now, though you no longer call your eyes a liar, you can hardly take their first word for it. For up on yonder smooth, brown, whaleback ridge stands the Ghost of the Quivira. There is nowhere else in the world such a spectre city. Especially when you view it from the higher ground to the east, at dawn or evening twilight, the illusion is perfect. It is a ghost. WILD TALES. This was 300 years ago, Tjbara—a town of the Tompiros tribe of the Pueblo Indian". It was discovered by Chamuscado in 1851 ; seen by the Espejo in 1852 ; officially visited, and its submission received by Onate in 1598\. September 9, 1598, Fray Francisco de San Miguel became the mis sionary of this pueblo; arid about 1628 the first church was built. Its ruins are still visible ; before 1650 a new church and a convent was reared—and it is this huge building of grey stone, 202ft. front and 131ft. deep, with its great cruciform temple, its maze of rooms and passages, its arabesque-carved lintels (unspoiled by two centuries' exposure to the weather), its ponderous walls, that has been the great mystery to the unread shepherd and prospector. They have gophered walls and dug 100ft in the bedrock for buried treasuie ; and tbe tales that are current of subtenanean rivers, caves full of diamonds, vaults bursting with gold, would put the Arabian nights to the blusb. To persons of ordinary intelligence it seems needless to say that there never was any treasure of any sort in any of these old Mexican missions— except the treasnres of heroic faith. Between 1670 and 1675 the Apaches wiped ont Tabira, and it has never since been occupied. Its survivors fled to El Paso ; and their dwindling descendants live near there to this day. Befnse all other brands insist upon Globe Brands NESTLE'S SWISS MILK is purest. The " Swift Bicycle ;" strong and durable. For the roads no equal. G. H. Withers and Co., Hunt-street. n<» Says the Melbourne "Age":—Our Victorian navy is deteriorating in importance. Since the Nelson has been reduced to a storeship and the gunboats have beeii sold, the Cerberus and the torpedo boats constitute its fighting strength. In these circumstances it is no longer considered necessary to continue the system of securing British officers for local commands When Captain .Seville's term expires in January next there will be no endeavor to import a successor. We are abandoning the pleasant fiction that this is an important naval station, and propose to be content with reliance upon our other means of defence—the fortifications at the Heads, the mine fields and the auxiliary naval squadron. Colonial defence is one of those subjects which will receive attention daring the visit of the Premiers ti England if a moment can be snatched from, the festivities for seritus converse. The division of responsibility between the mother country and her dependencies has been laid down by the Duke of Devonshire^ as president of the general committee. Great Britain will undertake to give security against any organised invasion, but the colonies must protect themselves from isolated raidB. Victoria has always shown a disposition to fulfil her part of the bargain, and has succeeded in making Port Philip, in the opinion of experts, one of the strongest defended places iu the empire. If we are reducing our navy it is not from any intention of lessening our sense oi responsibility, but because we have been assured we can undertake the economy without risk. In any renewal of the arrange- ment f r the maintenance of the auxiliasy squadron we are entitled to ask that some provision should be made to give te us a larger share of definite advantage. The •hipBnot on actual service might be rendered available for drilling purposes, ani would thnB yield an opportunity for needed experience to our naval brigades. The irregular beds of zinc ore net with iu the north of Tunis appear, according to Mr. B. de Fages in the "Bevue G^n^rale des Sciences," to be the only deposits of economic value in the district. At the Kanguet-et- Tout Mine, the depth of the workings does not exceed 80ft. At the present time 50 miners are employed. The calcine calamine is conveyed in sacks by camels, mules or donkeys to Beja, and thence by «r«in to Tunis. The annual production is 3,000 to 4,000 tonB of ore of excellent quality, fetching in Antwerp 100 francs per ion. The other concessions are those of Sida Ahmet, belonging to the Asturian Company, and producing 3,500 tons of calcined calamine annually, Fedj-el-Adoum with open workings of great extent and a production of 1,600 tons annually, Zaghousn producing 5,000 tons annually, and El Akhouat, where working has only juBt been begun. In all cases the management is in French hands, and Europeans are employed wherever any intelligence is necessary. They are mostly Italians from the Sardinian zinc mines or the Sicilian sulphur mines. Unskilled labor is satisfactorily performed by natives who earn 30 to 40 per cent, less than the European miners. 