Religious Ceremony at the Geraldton Convent, PROFESSION OF MISS MCDOWELL. On Wednesday last, Miss McDowell having completed the term of her novitiate in the Geraldton Conveut, was admitted into tbe order of the Presentation Nu«s. The ceremony which is known as " a profession" "was conducted bv the Bight Rev. Bishop Gibney assisted by the Revs Father Deasy and Stronge. It commenced at nine o'clock at the -Convent andiwas witnessed by a large number of the Catholic community. Shortly after that hour, the procession moved into the room where the ceremony was to take place in the following order:— Cross- bearer with Acolyte on Jeither Bide Professed Nuns, Mother Assistant Novice, Mother Superioress. The hymn * { Veni Creator" was sung with splendid effect during the precession by the Sisters' choir, the Right Rev. Dr. Salvado, Bishop of New Norcia, presiding at the organ. The novice then knelt down holding a lighted candle while the celebrant blessed the black veil with which she w&s; invested, and after a ring, which hal also been blessed, was place i on har fin.jer by the Bishop, a sermon was preached by Father Deasy. The Rev. gsntleman a I dressing the Bishop and -Sisters said tint on that morning tlij Church of God throughout the world celebrate l the feast of the Immaculate conception with great joy, but for them not the least ctuse for jubilation was the fact that one of their number had that day turned aside froaijthe allurements of the world, had dedicated her life ami virginity to Almighty God. and had fulfiikdthe words of Holy Scripture, " I will pay my vows to God before Hispeop'e." Our Lord wa> looking down on 111.? young lady who had bi ideu good bye 10 the world, to tlioss who w«f»<i nearest and dearest to h r in life, to join the band of tbosv' to whom it hid been pioinised, "They EU.IU follow tho Limb wheresoever He goel b." She should recognise it as the voice of Christ sating to her ** You have not c'loseu ui<\ but 1 have chosen you." She had received the groat grace of a vocation. Countless other good women had passed through life without having been called to the sacred vm yard But the Lord had s 1 cted her f.»r tlia unique honor of b< in« his both iu life and in death. It would bo f jt : her to corr - spond to this grace, to. porse -tiv to the end. God Almighty wh • madeyou without yourself will not sav«J you without yourse'f." There wero tribulations in the . ivli«nous life and there were temptations, She bad three vows to mak-3—the vow of Povertv, the vow of Chastity, and the vow of Obedience. In the first place she had to be poor, even as Christ was. but not complaining. She was to be not only poor by non-possession, but she must not desire riches. " Blessed are the poor in the Spirit." This poverty made hrr different from other people, but it made her the equal of thu angels. She ha I also to he chastt like Christ. She bad likewise to be obedient. She had to obey the laws of God, and she had to obey the voiea of her superiors. He would ask her, too, to have a personal love for Jesus Christ in the Sacrament, and a special attaclnnsnt to His ble^s.-d Mother. These two devotions * ere the pivot of the religious life. In the name of the Bishop of the diocese the preaiber congratulated the- no-.ice and h"r relations on thestep »be ha<Uaken. She had abandoned all for the ecrvici of Gol. and ie believed she bad sufficient strength" of will to be faithful to the la-t. The lumrest life was short, and when her earthly c:tr «r was over, the Lord would receive her iuto His own sanctuary, and five her the kiss of peace. The sermon being over, the n 'vice was ask*l if sue wished io be received into the profession, and if sh« knew well the obli gationshe contracted b/ tlie stop. Anawerint; in the affirmative, the ci-leb'aut called upon the Lord to grant the noviee perseverance in her holy resolution. Tiie votive miss of the Holy Ghost was then said, duriusr which the novice rose and said " I will pay my vows to the Lord in the sight of all His people, and in the courts of the Hou*e cf the Lord." The vows were tlml pronounced, and the Act of Profession signed by the novice. The celebrant then gnve her Holy Conununi-m. Mass brine ended, the choir sans Veni Sancte Spiritas, ronc'aling with the Tc Dsun and t*a p.-alms. The ceremon.v hisfc»'J over two hours and was impiessivp. Tho altar had been beautifully deorated for the occasion. Mr. Martin McDowell, ami the Misses McDowell (2), brother and listers of the novic-', respectively, w re present at the ceremony. The choir sang . most creditably, * and the master hand of Bishop Salvado, the renowned musician, was apparent in the splendid music which proceeded from the organ. It is about .three years ago since Miss McDowol! commenced, b<r novitiate, and the ceremony of Wednesday represented her final step in the dcdic ition of herself to the eistihood. AT the Geraldton Police Court this morning. William lt"b : uson was fined two pounds and costs for a'tempting to travel by rail from Geraldton to Walkaway without tbe necessary t'eket. MAILS fur the Australian Coloni s will close *t the Post Office on Tueid.iy n it, the 14th in?t., at 10 p.m., for transmission per R.M.S. Orlwbi. h..." 