CIIAPTER XXVIII.-HIMTNTED DOWN. It was very early on the morning of the.ensulng day-so early that the rosy Dpears of euncise bitera t just Slancing "through the tall ilrs and -waving brake around Bracken Hollow-when a loud, agthoritati?e knock arnused the inmates of the lonely old house from their slim bers. In five minultes ,ld Hannah was up and dressed, and in the roam of her young mistress. Katherine (let uacallherbytheoldname) had sprung from her bed.also as :hat authoritative knock resounded through the house, it must be thenry Otis-it can be no one else at thils hour. Go, olien the door, Hannahl, and let them in, whoever they may be." Hannahli went. She flung open tile door, , and stood confronted by'a tall man, with a dark, handsobme, stern-look ing.faree.apd an unmistakably military air. "I wish to seet Miss ITerneastle," this genitleman began, with perfec: abrupt ness; "I know that she is here." _. "Who are you, sir?" old IHanlnah del manded, with equalsternness; "and by what' rit do you come at such a time "if mornlin' this routing decent folks ;but of their beds?'" ":'My name is O'Donnell. I am lMiss H: erncas:le's friend, and I have'come to do her a service; while there is. yet time. TBefore two hours it may.be too^ late. Give her this, I entreat you Maid tell her I must see her." "Yes, Ianmnah, give it to ~pe I'm not afraid of Captain O'Doniell, Let me See what he has to say." , It was Katherine herself- in slippirs$ and dressing gown-her brown hair un done; rippling in the old girlish way over "her shoulders. In that white negligee, with hair unbound, and its natural col or, she looked, with the rose-flush of the August sunrise upon her, younger, fallr er, fresher, than he had ?eer seen her before. She took no notice of him. She took the card from Hannah gra.vely--and gravely examined it. Iteneatih his name in pencil was written- ,1. .. "I know that -you are here. :I come as your friend. If you have ally rlgard for yourself you will see me at once ' She looked up and held out her handt:o .flm, with a smile-a ,mile that had something of the old brlghtness, the old saucy defiance of Katherine Dangerfeldc. \- 'Good morning, Captain O'Donnell. HMy friends mre so few and far between at present; that it would be a thousand pitles to refuse-an audience to'one of .them. But you my friend! i .Isn't that rather a hew role for the gallant captain of chasseurs?" She led the way Into the bare looking apartment, where last night ilarrict .Jarman had made her confession, anwt l \- 237 poinlted to a chaiir There was a agace, a triumphl about her hei had 'never seen I before-the wi hole expresslon of he' face ,was change:. Where was the sad, sombre face of'liss Herncastle now? A sort of proud.triumph it all the face be fore him . fe accelpted the chair only to lean across its wooden tiack and look: at her. She stood whero the golden sunshine fell fullest upon her- lier tall, form looking taller and more classlec than ever In her tralling white robe, a crimson cord for her girdle. The brown hair was swept off foiehead and temples; showing the star on the left plainly, and adding to the nobility of he! face, The black had been washed -from. the eyebrow -alto gether she was changed almost out of knowledge. "\111 Captain O'Dlonnell--ny frlend wiho has hunted me down from first to last-speak? What-ls it that has taken you out of your uied at tils .uncivilised. hour nod 1.rotght'you tollrackten :I-il Io anld :mq" Tlhoe ringllg .:tne ~.,Ff her voice, the nl:rinng Aparkle ?fhr l eye and smile confounded him. '"Ton Witijntiv for the last time."-". :' "For the Ilast time-to warn me. of what?" "That all is known-all." "What does all cot?prise? MIa" I ask 'Ou to expllain?'. 'That the leath'and lnri.l l iof. Kath critic Dangerfleld wais a fraud, and alias Ilerneas:le and Katherine Dn:gerdleld are Ione and the same. i ant actingl on no suspicion-1 rarely act on tlhat. I amn actinon o certainty. I knew the igrave i11 Cas:Ie'iord chureihytrd to 1,e a fraud \--the tomlbstone I.illng even tlore than tomlbstones usuall lire. I knlew that gril''; h-il an eimlty collin." ".May I ask hown" "Ii tile simplest manner i pos1 ille. I m;II tyed .i man aceustolned to esuch dreadful work, tan1t opented the grave. We raiistd the conlin, opened lthat; and fnun.i, as I told y?'t--nothinig." She sat aid looked at huim--Wonder not unmixed with a species of amusenllen: and admiration, In her face. "And yet you call yourself my friend! Iapalain I)'Donnell, youl are an extraor linary nlilan." "'No; I don't see il." lie answered coolly. "It as't anythlllig very ex tra?trdinary. From the hour I disdover -d y)our identity wivit the New' York ac tress illy suspicIons were arloused. You had lnever given up the stage and hurled yourself alive itt Searswtood in the capa eity oif governess without some ipowe'rful lat. nil motive. That stittve: 1 confcss, fel: curious to discoveir. - Then yolu lmade I ve'to Sir Arthur Tregennla- I beg your ,r.-nltOn, permitted linm to fall .in lure with you." Kiatherine smiled olice more. "As Sir Arthur had long biefore been s!gned,sealedihnd delivered over to Lady Cecil Clive, and he seemed powerless to hel hilmself. I felt called upon to help lim. He is my friend, you know, so also is his affilanced wife. Then you I played ghost--ol; yes, you did-and frightened Sir Peter to the verge of in sanity - Altogether youl were too Ilan grous a sort of person to be allowed to go on wIthout a short pull up from some ol,'."` Again his listener smiled as she recall ed Sir Peter's ghastly face of frigh:. "Captain O'Donnell, I cannot under stand "y you Should take the trouble t to come here and say this. Why should i you endeavor to save a woman you hold in aversion and coiltemitt-a woman, in q slhrt, whom you hate?" - "Whom I hate!" he repeated, quietly. "Since when have I told you I hated you? I have heard Katherine Dangerfield's staec=astrangaad atr?.l-=a~nd "rh- be- Ileve her, even in this hour, to be more sinned against than sinning. I-believe a great and generous nature has been warped. Katherine Dangerfield, I pity you-from my soul I do - and.wnith my whole heart I stand before you, your friend. It is not too late yet ; pause, while there is yet time, on the road you are treading, and go back.". There was no mistaking his earnest ness, the generous glow of his face, the friendly warmth of his tone. She had turned away from him and was looking out at the golden morning sky. "'Go backs' site repeated, bitterly. "Is there ever any going back in this world? Six years ago I might have listened; to day It is too late." She covered her face with her hands, her breast heaving, the color burning in her face, moved to the very depth of her ooul with a passion of which he did not dreaml. "Come, Katherine-you have fought long and well, and nothing has come of it. Give it up, and for ever." Iler hands dropped fromher face; some thing in the last words seemed to rouse her. She looked at himti steadily. "And nothing has come of it?" she re peated. "That is your mistake, Captain O'DonnelL Something lias come of it. 1 wonder what you would say if I told you -what?" "Tell me, and see." "I confess," she went on, "to all laid to my charge. I am Katherine Danger field; I have been burledrand risen from the dead, and with that resurrection my nature seemel to change. I havebrood ied oti one subject-m- y wrongs--ultil I believe my brain has turned. I fled from thle house of my true and loyal friend, Henry Otls,'ahnd went to America. I be calne thile Kew nYork actress you so elev erly recognised, Froml New York I wrote to Mr Otis. I told him if Gastoni Danltree died to bury him decently--if he lived, to furnish him with money to quit Elgland. Unhappily hie died, hint no for more than a year after receiving his nliurle- All thaone yearl I remained hi New York I w'orked hard in my psoles sion, and rose, -I made money, and I hloarded it tlketa miser. Day and nilght, stronger and stronger with each year, ffrew the determination to return, to keep my von; I tell you I believe there were times whtn I was insane on this subject. Death alone could have held me back. I waited liatiently, while -hurnlng with impatience; I worked, I hoarded, and at last mly day came. I return'ed to Eng ilnd; I-miade my V'ay Into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfeld; my revengeg had "I had 'adouible imotle in rturnlng one, my.inengeance on him: the other, to discoverlmy parentage. I Ilad'a'"elue and, strange to.say, in working out one; I was wnorklng -oit the other.Ylou know what follnwed--I played ghost, and terrl lied the master of Scarswood, as I think he was. never terrified before.- I owe youi nto grodge.: opu were doihg your duity, and I honor you for it. For Sir Arthlur, you need not have bean so muich ffraid; it nwas.a triumph to takbe hlni frotl Lady Cecil-to anger Ladg Danier~ held; but, had as Iam, 'l'doii't think i ever was base enough to marry him, even if he had asked me. "He had never wronged me, and I only waged war with those \iho did." "You waged war withl Lady Ceell Clive "in taking her lover from. het; and she certainly never' wronged you. She wnas your friend through all" - - . The hard look came over her face once more, a.hard light In her eyes. ,. '"Was she ? In your eyes, of course. TLady Cecil can do no evll. But whatif I told you she had done me the deepest, the deadliest wrong of all, " SIIe looked at her in surpris.. -. \- "I don't utide'rstand," he said, a little coldly. "I belleve Lady Cecil to be in caplable of wilfully wronging a'nyone, and she always spoke gently of you." She leaned her forehead on her hands, and iushed back her hair with a 'long, tired sigh. "Oh. Heaven,.I wanalt to do rlght!" -My life has been hitter, bitter, bitter, dand I feel as though I were steeped In crime to the lips. If I could only die--and end It all! But deathll passes the luilty, and miserable by, and tItkes the happy and the good." 'IIer folded arms were lying on. the table: her head fell forward on them, as tollulghl she never cared 0to lift It again,. :O'Donnellitook both heIshands in 'his, a compassion such as he.had-never-fqlt for any hunian being before stirring his heart. . S"What. am I that I should Judge&? There is nothing but pity for you in my heart-nothing.. Give up this dark and dangerous ?Ife,. and be true to yourself-to the -ngble. nature SHaven has given you--once more." She rose up, her hands'still In his, a sort of inspiration shining in her face: "I will," she answered.. 'You, whom I thought my enemy, shall save me. I renounce it the plotting-the evil-the revenge-and for your sake. for the love you'ibear her, I will spare her." He looked at her in mute inquiry: .She smiled, drew away her hands, and .re sumed her: seat. "You do not understand." see here, Captain O'Donnell: I told you, did I not. my second object in returning to Eng land sass to- discover my.pareintage? Well, I have discovered it." Yeout have?" he cried, breathlessly.' "I have discovered it. My father lives, and the daughter of my nurse qcqupies iny place in his heart. the name I should bear. It's a very old story-changed at nurse-a-id that nurse has confessed all." "You have doni this? Then I con gratulate you'indeed! You will go to your father :it once, of course? No.one, believe me, can rejoice at this more sin cerely than I." ' "You mistake-I shall never go! This tmorning I had intended-but that is all past now. If I renounce my revenge and wrong-doing in one way. I renounce it in all. I never understood half me: - sures." "But there is no wrong-doing here- it is right, it is your duty to go." She smiled. "I wonder if this would be your advice if- if. for example only--my father were the Earl of Ruysland. I name him, you understand, as the first I think of." "I should tell you still to go. Right is'right. Though the Earl of Ruysland were your father, though Lady Cecil had usurped your place, I should still say. go-tell tihe truthl, be the cost what It m:ay." "You, who love Lady Cecil. give me tiis advice? Captaiin O'Donnell, you don't love her." "I love hier so well that I leave her; I love her so well that if the thing you speak of were possible, I would be the first to go and tell her. Once agail- in the face of all that may follow--I re peat., go! Tell the truth, take the place and name that ::re yours, :end let ile help you if I can." Rut still she sat. keeping that strang", wistful. searching gaze on his face. "You love her so well that you leave lhr," she repeated, dreamily. Then she crossed the room without a word. lit a candle. and philced it on the lable be fere hiim. lI`- watched her in silent sur prise. She drew from her pocket a folded ptiper, and handed it to him. , "You have done greater service than you dream of in coming here," she said. "Do one last favor. I want this paper destroyed. I have a whimsical fancy to see you do it. Hold it to the candle and let it burn." He.took it doubtfully. He read the superscription-"Confession of Harile I Harman." and hesitated. "I don't know- why shouldl I? Why is this?" "Nothing that conncerns any one out eartth but myself. You will be doing an good deed, I believe, in destroying it. Let me see you burn it I can do it. of course; but, as I said, I have a fancy that yours should be the hand to destroy d it. Burn it, Captain O'Donnell." Still wondering - still doubting - he a obleyed: held the paper in the flame of the candle until it dropped In a charred cloud on tile table. Then she held out her hand to him with, a brave, bright smile. -. Oncesmoraetin-luikaisý=- ' done me a great service. You have saved me from myself. When do you 1 leave?" "To-day; but if I can aid you in any way--if I can take you to your father "You are-ready to do it. I know: but I have not quite made up my mind about that yet. It is not a thing to be done Iti n hurry. Let us say good-bye, and part for the present." Hie stood and looked at her doubtfully. He felt vaguely that never had he been farther from understanding her than at this moment. "Farewell, Captain O'Donnell, my friend," she said, softly. There was a lingering tenderness in hlier voice, in her eyes, that might have told him her secret. But men are totally blind sometimes. IHe saw nothing. "Not farewell," he said; "but a? revoh:" She went with him to the door. She watched him with wistful eyes out of sight. "Far6ewell," she murmured-"farewell for evere If Henry Otis had been to me six years ago what you are I had been yaved." When Captain O'Donnell had left Ibracken Hollow, she took pen and paper and wrote the following note to .Mr Otis, which subsequently Hannah was in structed to give to that gentleman when hie came over from Castleford: "'Henry-my l'rother,-You will be surprised-pained, angered, it may be when I tell you I am going, and coming back no more. I give it all up-all the plotting, the weary, wicked, endless scheming that brought revenge, per. haips, but never happiness-and the con fession is burned ! They, shall ever , .kndw-nelther my father nor; she who has taken my pilace unwittingly-shall ever be rendered miserable by the truth. I can remember now that she, at least. was ever gentle and sweet to me. If I told them to-morrow, I could notirWula hot, take her place. My fathert' would never care for me--would look upon me as a slhlme and disgrace. Let it go with all the rest ! 'Cap?.an 6'i)onnell ihas proved him self my friend. For his sake I renounce my cherished vengeance. Let the mislerable woman we have lured here go. Do not follow me. When happier days Orri'e I will come to you. Do pot feTar for me. I shall not return to the singe -I shall live honestly and uprightly for tile time that is to come, Heaven helping me. • "Henry--my biest friend, nly dear brother--farewell! I have been - a trouble, a distress to you, from the first. This last flight will trouble and,distress you most of all: but it is for the best the trest never were. . Farewell !. "- "KATHERINE." I(To be Continued.) 