CHAPTER II. Mcnlion has already been made of the Rev. Philip Wendover in connection with this story, ilr. Wendover belonged to that large, and, I fear I must write prejudiced, clas*, who will not have psychic phenomena at any price. He was a fair, athletic young mau ; and he had formerly been an assistant master sit Dinchestc-r. To that I must ascribe his extraordinary facility with slang, which occasionally even alfected his pulpit deliver ances. From first to last, while I was un ravelling this story, he had nothing but derision for inc, in spite of his being my most important witness. Indeed I quite .sickened of his pet phrase of 44 Tommy rot." " What Tommy iot it all is!" he would sav in his riotous amiable way. 44 A grown man, presumably sane nnd educated, spend ing days aud days hunting the ghost of a dead superstiiion for a lot of piffling old fools in London. Why the deuce don't you dig, maxir—dosometlnng useful r You re btrong enough." "AV'oll," I would say, "here are ray facts " ••Oh! facts be jiggered!" lie would say. ••Facts thatprove doppelganging are facts I have no ropect for." •• But I have," I would say. ••What beastly rot! You've got a flaw somewhere. You know you have. If facts prove arrant nonsense, it shows tint there's something wrong." Then I would begin to state my case, "fcihow me the flaw," I would say. And directly I begun to marshal my evidence be would lose bis brief temper and begin to about me down. Did I think bo had the time to .go over every leaky tinpot gliost story in the country before be bad a right to j disbelieve ? And I would raise my voice to avoid being shouted down. 41 If Hurshall has a doppt-lganger let him bring him up here iu the daylight,*' he would say, and similar illogical nonsense; offering toboard ana clothe tlje two of them for a year out of his own meagre income, shouting extravagant promissory-notes at the doppel •ruuger, and so forth. And then, suddenly, sit trie height of our shouting, he woukl leave off quite abruptly, stare savagely at his pipe, and ask ine for a match. " Have you si match ? " he used to say. us though that was the thing that had driven him to revolt. That, by a tacit understand ing, suspended the quarrel. I would hand him a match to relight his pipe. Ho would make soiue indifferent remark at a tangent, and wo wt.uld go on talking and smoking like a pair of brothers. The row, when it must have seemed town eavesdropper on the point of blows, would vanish' belorc oue could snap one's fingers. For his choleric outbreaks, like my own, were >u brief as thev were violent, like tropical thuudersturras more than anything else iu the world. Now. after I had returned to my chaml»ers in Museum street, I was surprised one after noon in May by a visit from Wend over. I was collecting some new and interesting evidence upon crystal-gazing that lutd recently come ro hand, when I heard him noisily ascend the stairs. Ue'caiue in with alithe tumultuous violence of triumnhunt common sense, shoutii-g and blowing,"flung his umbrella on a haunted sofa I hud on loan under observation, slapped down his hut on the planchette, and ?at iu my easy chair. 44 Give roe some tea, iny good man," he bawled. " And then I'll tell you an eve-opener. Your doppelganger! He's hoist!" I tried to be as cool and acrid as possible, though this eruption was certainly something of a shock, and I begged him to let me know how the hoisting was accomplished. And waving his bread and butter at me to accen tuate iiis story, and ever and anon drinking bis tea nowly and eagerly, be told me the true story of the Marshall doppelg.mger. 44 You know there was a thundering row blowing up about Mrs. Marshall's sausages and mince pier" he said. " Libel actions and all that?" I remembered the trouble quite distinctly— loo distinctly indeed, for it was a side issue into which Mrs. Marshall was always running, and which made A pps suspicions and reluctant under examination. The disappearance of these dainties on Christmas Eve from her kitchen I had always regarded as a trouble some irrelevance. So far as I had formed a judgment in that matter at all I had gone with the general sentiment of the village, and suspected Apps and his friends. For clownish thieving of that kind was just the sort of thing that would ooinmend it-elf to the rustic miad us u very good Christmas joke indeed. " What has the ininee pie got to do with the story ?" I srid. 44 Everything," said Wendover, and he drank, winking at ine over his fc-acup. " Old Franks!" *aid Wendover, puttin _ his cup aside and leaniug forward as he spoke to touch my knee. '•What of Frank"?" I said, for I had never suspected that elderly sinner had any connection with the case. "Drunk!" said Wendover. Drowsy tipsy in the Sevvu Thorns, a week ago ; dis cussion running high on the great mince pie and sausage question. Did Apps take 'em, or didn't he? Friend of Apps indignant, tiled running down Mrs. Marshall. * Every body knows Mrs. Marshall's mince pies aro worse'than her sausages, not worth stealing: wouldn't have *ctn at a gilt.' 4 Aiu't they ?' says old Franks, hiccoughing and winking. • That's all you know,' said old Franks." Wendover paused, looked at me, took up two .slices of bread and butter, laid them face to face, bit thera enormously, and looked me again. " My good man." I said, "hare you come all this way from Susscxville to tell me that?" "That and some other things," said Wendover, disposing of the bread and butter. "'How do you know?' says Apps's friend. ' Never you mind,' says old Franks.* appearing to realise he'd made a slip; and there, in spite of a few leading questions to the old man, his criticisms on Mrs. Marshall's mincemeat catno to an end." » Well," I began. "Wait a bit," said Wendover. "When old Franks had gone, ax he did rather quickly aftey that, the peculiar way in which he had spoken was remarked upon. Could it be that he lmd stolen the ininee pic in question? Occasionally he did odd jobs for Marshall, as everyone knew, and it might be that sometime on Christmas Ere he had ventured —" "Really, this pothouse gossip " "You wait. It wasn't long before this little suspicion came to my ears, and I must confess I didn't think very much of it at the time, nor did 1 connect it with your well authenticated case. Who would ? But going pant .Marshall's, who should I see us I thought, but Marshall himself planting boans. He was stooping down with his back to me, so that his nether garments formed most of the view. " I went to the wall and shouted, intending to have u quiet word with him about this missing pie and sausage. He looked up and then I saw the mistake I'd made at once. It wasn't Marshall at all, but the excellent Franks, doing a bit of a job iu a pair of Marshall's cast-off brocks. Ah!—now you sit up! No men could be less alike about the head and face and complexiou, I'll admit, ■ but seen—that way—well, there was really j an astonishing resemblance. Easily be mis I takeu." "But the vicar—you—both of you eaid you saw his face !" "So wo did, and heard his roice. But the other gents in the case—drunk—dark night " That staggered me for a moment. I had never thought of a mistake in identity creep ing into the case on that eide. I could quite imagine four drunken men making such a mistake, but the point was, that oreri if 3frs, Marshall did not see her husband's face over gilt, she did the next morning. "Now, don't you think that I've come up here with a story half told," said NVendover, plying to this objection, "because I haven't. I've simply settled the whole blessed question. It's a concession to your weakness I know, but directly the janyuble resemblance of old Franks to Marshall dawned on me, I deter- -• mined I would clear up the muddle from end to end. f went to Franks and hegan to talk parochialism to hitu, and suddenly I hit him on the knee. 44 4 1 know all about it, Franks, my man.' I said. 'Own up!' He kuuw ine pretty welt, and he lookttt at me fur half a minute over those old glasses or his. ' I won't tell a soul in Sassexville,* I said. *1 promise ou my honour. But how the deuce did you get out of Marshall's kitchen smd hitn in?' I suppose he saw the twiukle in tny rye. **4 He wits in the little tool shed hard by the water butt. Muster Wcndover,' he said, 4 an' his boots took off an' put under the currant bnshrs as tidy as cud be. Couldn't wake him nohow. And the snow a-fullin'— it wuzn't cummun charity not to leave en ther-r.' 44 You see?" said Wendower. I saw only too plainly. 44 They carried home old Franks, thinking it was Marshall -—" u While Marshall was swearing and cursing his way home by the footpath over the hill." 44 And when Marshall did get home " 44 Mrs. Mur.-hnli, firm in her faith that he was already safely, If swinishly, deposited in the kitchen, let him hammer and swear at his own sweet will, putting it down to Apps and pulling the clothes over her head tb deaden the sounds." 44 Unhappy Marshall," I said. 44 Still more unhappy investigator," said the enrute tauntingly. ; 44 Franks, when he came to in the small ! hours," he added, *4 thought at first that he j was in heaven—it shows what a conscience J void of offence will do for you—his last ! thought before losing consciousness having ! been that he was dying—such fceiug the eifect of the cheaper spirits at tho Sewn Thorns—and his first on resuming conscious ness was that he was dead. The moonlight was shining in through tho frosty window, and it was cold and spacious and clean, as he'd been led to expect to heaven would be. And close to hand, us lie fumbled about, were sausages and si mince pic. 44 Old Franks showed tho usual Sussex literaloesui. 4 My feytherV 'onse 'eth many mansions, siysl, smd I'm dunned if I ain't in a dam good un. says I,' was the way old Frsinks expressed it. It was only wlu n he'd felt about and got tho hack door open, with the idea of 4findiu* the rest of 'on,* and came upon Marshall, that his muddled brain began to grasp the realities of the case. He recognised the outside of the house, of course better lhau the in. The rest yon infer." 44Humph!" I said, tryngto find a flaw in his explanation. It. was atrociously cx asperatiug, after I'd published (bar report, and when the society was just making so j much of me. He sat watching my conflict, * so far as my face revealed it. 4,l)oppel». gangers !" he remarked, unendurably. I rose from mv seat. I caught his hat and flung it violently across the room, among the spirit photographs. Possibly I said this und that. I pitched the planChette board into the fireplace, and then I attacked the available sheets of the report on crystal-gazing that lay upon my desk. "When I had torn and crumpled several wry violently, I was abruptly calmed. I turned and found the curate had his pipe out. 44 Have you n match, old chap ?" he said, with the utmost tranquillity. I felt in my pockets and then handed him the matches from the mantel. Then, sitting down in the armchnir by the fire, I took a pipe from the rack and followed his example. 