BRIGHT AND BRIEF. M£ùd:,'" What is tho height of youri ambition) dear ?'.* Marie (blushing) : " Oh, something between five and a hall' and six New Woman ; " I need a change. The doctor says my life is too monotonous. I need excitement." Husband : " Try stay ing at home." Teacher : '* What does the reign of King Charles Í, teach us?" Tommy: "Please, ßir, not io lose our heads in moments of excitement, sir." Pompous Counsel : " Understand me, sir, I have been the means of sending many a man to prison." Subdued Client "Were you for the defence ?" Judge'; " Colonel, I understand you are acquainted with warfare in all its forms ?" Colonel : " No, Judge, ne ; not in all of its forms.' |'m a bachelor." Pish Merchant : ** You want a situation as a herring-packer ? Have you had any experience?" Applicant: "Yes, sir; for two years I was conductor on a tramcar. The Visitor (viewing the new baby) ; " Do you think he is going to resemble his father!?. The Mother: "I shouldn't be surprised., ! He keeps me up every night." " #a, what is your * busy day ? " " Well, happy tfrohm, it is when I stay at home to rest, ahí y°ur m°ther gets me to do a few little odd jobs around the house." Farmer's Wife " Why don,t y°tt ß° to workf * Tramp: "I would if I had the took." Farmer's Wife.- "What sort of tools do you want ?" Tramp : " Knife and fork.*-, Mrs; Henpeck (reading) x " Here's a poor fellow arrested for manslaughter the day before he was going to be married." Mr. H. : " Well, some fellows are bom lucky." Crusty Óld Chap : " A couple of poached eggs on ¡toast, please} but-mind, they must be fresh." Waiter i "Certainly. We'll make the toast first and get the hens to lay the eggs on the toas V Husband: "I suppose Mrs. Brown en- joyed her trip on the Continent ?" Wife : "Very much; but she's delighted to be home again. Husband i "No doubt This is the place to talk about it," Bobbie : " Mother, were all the bad men destroyed by the flood?" Mother: "Yes, my son." Bobbie (who has Just received a whipping from his father) t" When is there going to be another flood ?" Hobbs (to friend in restaurant) : " I say, Nobbs,how's business?" Nobbs: "Great. Never saw such a rush. No time to sleep, and even behind in meals. That was day before, yesterday's lunch I just finished." Curate: "How is your husband, Mrs. Ballyhooley?" Mrs. B.t "Ochone, the doothor he says that if Pathrick lives till the morning there'll be some hope ; but if he- don't, then sure we must jist give up hope." Jinks : " 1 never saw a house where everything ran so smoothly as at Broad grin's." Minks: "Yes; lucky feUow, Broadgrin. He's got a wife who knows how to keep the servants amused while she does all the work." Tommy t "What does the paper mean, papa, by saying that Mr. Tomlinson bore the loss of his nandsome property by fire very philosophically?" Tommy's Pa: "Umph! It means that he was insured for more than its value." Miss Gowanus.- I envy the way you can talk to Mr. Caustique; he never sits on any of your remarks." Miss Gotham : "No ; I make them too pointed." She : " I think a girl looks awful cheap when she first becomes engaged." He : "She may look cheap, but yon can bet she's not." -He knew from experience. - School- master (to class in political economy) What is the hardest tax to raise ?" Boy (whose mother is house-cleaning) : " Car- pet tacks, sir." ." Do you believe in woman's refining in jlUence in politics ?" ".Yes; I believe that one woman who goes into politics makes a thousand women have sense enough to stay out." So you won't concede that woman is man's intellectual superior?" "No, not while Bhe can't drink a cup of tea without stacking out her little finger." ' .J?Yes," answered the manager of the Wild West show, modestly,- " that is quite ft: war-whoop. Our solo Indians were all educated in Germany, you know." Softly : «Look here, Stony, when you asked me to lend you that half-sovereign, two months ago, you said you only wanted it for a whilee." Stony : " Quite true ; J only had it half an hour." Af ter that," remarked the young man ?who had been telling an inane ghost story, .Woy Äind was a blank." *' That accounts for it/ commented a sharp young woman, and there was an interregnum of profound silence. ' That was a triumphant appeal to an Irish lover of antiquity who, in arguing the superiority of the old architecture over the new, r.said: "Where will you find any modern building that has lasted so long as the ancient?" . /Hadn't you bettor call anothei physician?" said the wife to the young doctor who was treating her husband. " Just for consultation, you know." " No, ma'am," he replied. «« My ideas are con- fused enough already." . A conjurer was performing the old trick of producing eggs from a pocket- handker- chief, when he remarked to a little boy is the audience : " Say, my boy, your mothei can't get eggs without hens, can she?' t'Of course she can!" replied the boy 'Why, how is that?" asked the conjurer if She keeps ducks ?" replied the boy, amit roars of laughter. ; Woman : That rocking-chair you solo toe is a fraud." Secondhand Dealer "How's dot ?" " The rockers are not even tod, as you rock, it keeps moving sideway« over the room." "Mein cracious! ] nave made a meestake, und sent you vor tfe*;patent rocker varranted nod to ve« . f "*Acarpet all in von place. Dot hint COSm ten sheetings moré;" " Huh ! Well 'iff i0?* mistake; aiwr* won't pay the ter shUungB. and I won't send it back-BC Naere." 