Our Melbourne Letter, • BY TOBIAS. Mr John Bowser, M.L.A., I have known since I was a kid in knickerkockers. Everybody likes him, and lie is just about as docent a man as ever stepped in shoe-leather. " Jack" Bowser has overdone it for once, however. He was measuring other people's corn with his own bushel, when he told the House on Thursday night that the Press of the colony had never yet descended to the degradation of accepting a bribe/' The testimony is, no doubt, generous, and proceeded from a man whose life in this conncction was cleanly ; but the order is entirely too large. Has he forgotten, or did he ever know, the illustra tion next door to him, when Isaacs first contested Bogong, how a certain letter was suppressed, by calling in all " outstanding" papers, and this too for a valuable consideration ? No doubt Mr Bowser's manly defence of the press would have been modified if he knew everything. But he dosen't know everything, nor half the profligacy of the Fourth Estate. * He makes an ex eellent parliamentary representative; but overdoes his mission, through an an excess of generosity and esprit de corps, when he undertakes to stand sponsor for the honesty and incorruptibility of the press as an institution ! »*v*w Retribution assumes various shapes when in pursuit of its vengeance, but the climax invariably pans out in accordance with the eternal fitness of things. Ex-constable Crowe, who was determined to be avenged on the whole police system for its generosity in bestowing upon him £400 as a retiring allowance, btarted the Alert newspaper as the omnipotent medium of his vengeance. It is now a matter of contemporary history that before Crowe had well entered upon the initial stages of his ruthless slaughter, the Alert died in its babyhood leaving the enterprising- Crowe penniless. When it is borne in mind that this would-be censor killed the Butt- ant many years ago by means of a libel action, which he entered against it, no one will fail to observe that retribution in his case is swift and apposite. # # « • • * * * The great Smith factory has much to answer for ; but it never turned out a protected article that has brought more discredit upon the human industry than Thomas Smith, the vandal and repro- bate. The Tom Smith, whose conduct is now under review, is not Tom Smith, M.L A., the hatter of Clarendon and Swanton Streets, but another and different Tom entirely. He was arrested on Thursday for stealing from a clothes line in St. Kilda Road the shirt—THE shirt of Mr Isaac A. Isaacs, Attorney- General and Acting-Premier. And here let us pause a moment to contemplate the potentialities for evil involved in this cold-blooded and «mchristian theft! Isaacs, it is needless to say, in view of this deprivation, had tò wear a muffler on Friday, and even then stole like a guilty thing to his office through the lanes of the city, instead of swaggering up Collius Street with the jaunty air of a man who carries the administration of three-departments upon his unexpanded shoulders. If Isaacs fails to contest Bogong at the next general election—which is far from being outside the region of probability -—the electors will have reason to anathematize, or perhaps to bless, the naraa of Tom Smith who rent that indespensible^garment from the the pegs •f tne St. Kilda clothes line last week. Filling the hiatus, under such a deprivation, is net as eaoy a matter to your representative as it was a few years ago, when fat briefs were in the ascendant. All the machinery of the Attorney- General's depart will, no doubt, be put in motion to hang the mean thief from the Attorney-General's denuded clothes line. In the meantime Mr Isaacs has caught a severe cold ! • * * * * * * Russell, the Bourke Street dentist, has come to the front per solium, and is now, professionally, a made man. Al- though the young woman who accused him of over-dosing her with cocaine has retraced the graver statements she made in connection with the subsequent improprieties on his part, the first sensational statement has had sufficient start "riot to be overtaken in the competitive race. The report of the inquest upon the child was known at the close of the we«»k, and Monday morning paw his house horabarded with a surging crowd of females desirous of being treated for . an abnormal development* of the toothache epidemic. History repeats itself Most of 'us remember the sensational bar-maid imjuest some years ago at St Kilda, and how the evidence that would have ruined most general practitioners assured a subsequent fortune for the most prominent figure in that memorbla episode. Si eat «da, my friends ! Peter Wilson is heavily freighted with a species of political opinion which has the Yarra bank for its nursery. Peter has strong views on the unemployed question ; but he met a man a few nights ago in the neighbourhood of the Flagstaff gardens who has still stronger views than himself anda stronger capacity for impressing them, toe. They met, but not in a crowd, fraternized, discussed the unemployed question, and fought—fought like tigers. Later on Peter discovered that he was vanquished, figuratively.and literally, when he came to his senses, after having lost his memory and a purse containing £2 5s, to say nothing of a ticket for the " unemployed" railway works. Peter's opponent is now on the works, while he who won and lost the privilege has been thrust back unceremoniously into the ranks from which he had emerged for the briefest of seasons. Wilson's views on the socialistic problem have, it is understood, undergone a complete revolution ! * • # • The feeling is not one of complacency alone which pervades the critical world of London over the new appointments to the Privy Council. It is freely affirmed that the morale of this high and honorable distinction has been lowered by the appointment of the Reids and Turners and Kingstons and Dick Seddons, and the other Right Honorables. • What rot I Just as if Turner isn't as good a lawyer any day as the Lord High Chancellor of Eng. land ! Besides, one doesn't need to be a lawyer at all to become an ornament to the Privy Council. The top-sawyers of the legal profession here might as justifiably resent our Premiers being made LL.D.'s. Does a man want education to run a country newspaper ? Does a man need to be a gentleman to get into Parliament ? Does a Minister need to be loyal to his colleagues to gain the esteem of honourable-minded men ? Not much ! Our Premiers never asked them for their barren honours. They weren't so liberal with their knighthoods, for which so many thirsted and—bid! * « • # * • * * * The vicissitudes of life are more familiar to men of genius than the ordinary literary hack, or second or third rate man of letters. The latter are propped up and puffed up by mutual recognition, the man of genius scorns the specious and ignoble fame. The world, despite thin, will hear with as. toni8hment that the New York Herald is now raising a subscription in aid of Samuel Clemens, the Mark Twain of' oving memory, who has fallen upon evil days. There is probably no announcement within the century more incomprehensible than this. Genius differs from virtue—it brings not its own reward. * * * * * ** The popularity of 44 The Sign of the Cross " appears to be in inverse ratio to the condemnation it receives at the bands of the most narrow-minded of its clerical critics. These would surely like to see the pieces staged healthy of influence, The stage has its individual existence as well as the pulpit, and is, if not a necessity to a people's amusement, a necessary evil at least. The stage will survive as long as the pulpit itself, and, recognising this, it seems fatuous on the part of the reverend censors > to condemn alike everything produced on the theatrical boards. Nothing good can come from Nazareth, is the prejudiced cry. Would it not be better to frankly recognise a good play of healthy moral tendency than continue to wield the flail indiscriminately? What inducement does this style of criticism hold out to managers who would make an effort to purify the existing state of affairs ? The parson critics, it is to be fcared, stand in their own light by pursuing such a policy of inconsistency. Intolerance, narrowmindedness, and bigotry are emblazoned on their shields. As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end, amen ! # * * # * * * # Australia is the land of booms and Victoria its most highly accredited temple. The divorce boom is now flooding the orient with its lurid light. Forty three cases set down for trial is the August list! This is probably the record to date. Marriages are few and far between in latter days, and with divorce on the increabe the young women of the modest genus won't "come in." When these forty-three women of questionable prudence, and, in many cases, morality, who married in haste arid repented at the portals of the divorce court—if they have ever repented at all —are let loose upon the unmarried men again, where is the chance for the decent, modest girl ? Woman was loudest in clamouring for the beneficent privileges of the Shiels's Act. The better clasp of women will have reason to curse its introduction. Politics and priests, priests and politics! The old, old cry ! I suppose priests have as good a right to possess political views, and to give expression to them too, ad other men ; but when they utilize the altar for the dissemination of their political principles they make a mistake, a mistake that is likely to react with terrible significance upon the cause they would espouse. Father O'Callaghan of Heidelberg has been pursuing this course in the interests of Mr Cameron, the representative for Evelyn. The Age is not slow to revive the religious cry in times of political excitement, and if any priest of the Roman Catholic Church, through his impulsive indiscretion, evokes this ghost of dead bigotry, his co-religionists have little right to complain of the bitterness and hostility with which they may be assailed later on. The shoe-maker should stick to his last. 