The Pity of it. A Sydney Story BY Ambrose Thorne FOR THE " SUNDAY TIMES." [ ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVI. — BACK AT NEW MESOPOTAMIA It was approaching dusk next day when Ruth, at the close of a long, lurid after- noon, alighted from the train at New Mesopotamia. The sky was hung round with great masses of black and crimson woolly cloud, and muffled thunder peals ; stealthily crept through the sticky, ominous calm, heavy with the odor of wet earth. The porter who took her ticket looked after her for a while aa she passed through the station gate. " If it was not for the awful look in her eyes," said he, " I'd almost swear that was Ruth Renshawe." " Garn," replied the lamp-cleaner ; " Ruth Renshawe was a pretty girl ; that one looks like a ghost. She gave me the shivers as she went past." As Ruth hurried along the road a little girl with a hoop fell down in front of her. Ruth, always fond of children, and always loved by them in return, picked the little thing up. The child was not hurt, but looking into Ruth's face, she saw something which caused her to abandon her hoop and run away screaming with terror. Ruth went straight on till she came to Miss Wicks' seminary for young ladies, at the door of which she gave a sharp, deter- mined knock. " I want to see little Martha Renshawe," said she ; " bring her to me, I am her sister ; I have come to take her away." " I assure you, Miss, it is not my fault," replied the schoolmistress, getting on the defensive. " Her father came here yester- day, raging like a madman, and took her away." " Her father," exclaimed Ruth, in- creduously. " Yes ; at first I refused to give her up, but he began saying the most awful things and threatening to bring a police- man ; so not wanting to have a scene before the young ladies I handed her over to him, and washed my hands of the whole business ; but it has been a lesson to me about whose children I take into the establishment for the future. As for the quarter's fee that you paid in advance, I would rather give it back than have any dispute with prisoners out of gaol ; so you can have it now if you want it." " Never mind about that," said Ruth. " Where is Martha ? Where has he taken her to ?" " Goodness gracious, young lady," pro- tested Miss Wicks, " I don't know why you should look at me like that ; it is enough to give one quite a turn." " Tell me which way they went !" screamed Ruth. " Down the road towards the bridge ; but the man was so excited that he did not seem to quite know where he was going." " That'll do. Good-bye. Forgive me if you can. But, no ! don't waste your charity ; it does not matter !" In another minute Ruth was outside the gate, and on the track of the fugitives. " It is Providence that has sent them that way," she thought. How does such news travel ? Even through the walls of Mr. Hubert's prison came the poisoned story of Ruth's Sydney life. 'When he heard that she was living in sin, and bringing up Martha like a lady on the proceeds of her infamy, the tortures of his captivity faded into insignificance. In their mercy, why did not the gaolers put his body on the rack and spare him the terrible soul-agony that came from constant brooding over those things. All through the long, lonely nights the warders could bear him crying out in his cell, ' My God ! my God ! why hast thou forsaken me ?" They were annoyed, and repeatedly re- ported him for being disorderly, and he lost his right to the usual discount upon the sentences of well-conducted prisoners. Everything on this earth, however, has an end sooner or later, and when the twelve months rolled round, Mr. Hubert found himself one morning standing out- side the gaol gate, nominally a free man again. He went straight to Miss Wicks and took little Martha away. He would not even wait till she had breakfast, being unwilling that she should eat a single morsel of shame-bought bread more than he could help. That is how it was that Ruth, like a wild animal temporarily baulked of its prey, was now hastening in the direction of the falls alone. She stopped when she came to the bridge. The creek was running a banker, a roaring eight-mile current loaded with bush wreckage. At the falls a volume of water 60yds wide and 10 deep leapt over a precipice 100ft high. With a look of wild complacency Ruth watched the immense tree trunks and miscellaneous flood debris hurling down the abyss. That is the place, she thought ; there would be no risk of failure there. On the edge of that cataract we would part for ever, Martha going to join mother in Heaven, and I —— " What, Ruth ? Surely it is. I would scarcely have known you. You have been ill ; you are in pain ?" She looked up and saw Horace Asche. " What a coincidence," said he, "that we should chance to meet here on the very spot where we last parted twelve months ago. But aren't you going to shake hands ?" He had been holding out his hand all the time he was speaking. Ruth took it mechanically, and replied in a voice that sounded like a distant echo, " Ill, yes ; more than ill." " My poor girl," said Horace Asche, drawing her closer to him, " how you must have suffered. How pale you are — but the roses will grow again. You must allow me to try and make them. Say that you will, Ruth, for I have come back to ask you to be my wife." He then went on to tell in eloquent words, which sounded to Ruth like the echo of faint far off music, how much he had always loved her, and to explain that because of the very intensity of that love he shrank from asking her to link her life with that of a thriftless, shiftless Bohemian, and went away. Since then, however, while wandering in South Africa, trying to forget her, he had unexpectedly come in for a legacy of £40,000. " Your father shall have no more worry over the paper," said he, " and little Martha will be well provided for." Plainly Horace Asche knew nothing of the events that had transpired in New Mesopotamia since he left. " Horace," said Ruth, looking up into his face with a sweet, pleading hopefulness, to which he responded by a kiss, " if the Ruth whom you parted from here on this bridge twelve months ago, and who loved you then more perhaps than she dared to let herself think, had died while you were away, would you now help her father and sister all the same. Just for her sake, would you ?" " What an absurd question," laughed Horace. " But would you ?" she persisted. " Under such circumstances I don't think I would be much comfort to anybody. I'd want all the comforting myself." " But you are rich ; you have money in abundance. Would you at least see that through poverty they were not driven to sin ?" " Whatever I had they could certainly have," he replied. " And no thanks either, for it would be of little further use to me. I should go to seek Ruth." " For the dead girl's sake you would place the shield of your gold between them and harm ?" Her weird earnestness was beginning to perplex him. At first he thought Ruth's questions were merely prompted by a little romantic morbidness which delighted to dwell upon the sad steadfastness of a pos- thumous lover. Now he saw that there was something graver than that at the back of them. To humor her he fell in with her own serious tone, saying " Heaven knows that I would ! For her sake I should try to do just what she would do were she in my place. What else would there remain for me to do ?" " And you are a good man, a truthful man, not a deceiver, who would tell a falsehood for the purpose of beguiling a helpless girl ?" Horace Asche winced a little. Some raw spot in his memory had been painfully probed, perhaps, by Ruth's insousiance. " I should like to be a good man," he replied, "so as to be worthy of you." " Well, listen ; the Ruth whom you knew then is dead. She died soon after you went away. I am not she. That Ruth was pure, and innocent, and happy. I am a vile creature, wickedly haunting the earth in the form of her, that is all." " My poor child," said he, tenderly, " I can see that you are very ill. That is what makes you talk so. Let me take you home. Come, I know the way." " There is no home for me any more," she replied. " Let go my hand ; it is not fit to be touched by anyone that is pure. I wonder you don't feel the brand of shame that is upon it burning your flesh as it burns mine !" A sudden lump rose in Horace Asche's throat, and the fiery tumult of his thoughts for a time failed to take shape in words. During that interval, as he held her fast by the two hands, Ruth, without aught extenuating, or aught setting down in malice, told him her dismal story. He saw the lurid stamp of truth upon every detail as it came with a mechanical precision from her white lips. When she finished he clasped her to his heart in a grim iron embrace. " Ruth," he whispered, with the first return of his voice, " I only loved you before, now I must worship you !" " No ! no !" she moaned, in response to all his passionate pleadings ; " it cannot be. I love you too well. I love you too well. Wicked as I have been, I have never done anything yet so bad as it would be if I were to allow you to link your life with such a one as mine. Your own sentiment, you know ; your own sentiment!" Horace Asche vehemently protested, that compared to his past life, her's had been as snow to scarlet. " In your great kindness you might all forgive me," said Ruth ; " but pardon does not remove the wrong that has been done ; it only glosses it over. I would still be the vile creature that I am. I could never see my father or my sister again. If I had a child of my own I dare not look into its innocent eyes and think of the inheritance of shame to which it had been born. For me there is no hope, because there can be no reparation. The Paradise of Virtue once lost can never be regained." She had now disengaged herself from his embrace, and was standing quite close to the rail of the bridge with her hand tightly clutching it. Horace Asche stood by her side, his head resting on the cool iron, and his big chest heaving with the war of emotions raging within him. " Ruth " said he, " my martyred saint," raising his voice so as to make it audible above an unusually loud roar of the dis- tant thunder, " Stop !" she cried, " that is blasphemy ; in another minute I shall be one of the devils in Hell." Horace made a desperate grasp, but succeeded only in catching the fold of her dress, which tore in his hand, while she dropped into the current, and went whirling away amidst the watery rout. He was an expert swimmer, but the odds in the life and death race were terribly against him, for, in spite of the promptness of his leap, the current had given her several lengths start, and the falls were only a few yards away. On through the drift he dashed his way, swimming with a powerful over- hand stroke straight for the rim of the precipice, over which the whole volume of the flood fell at a right angle. Ruth, after whirling round several times, was now floating feet first and face down- wards. The sharp bend of the precipice doubled her in two ; only her head and shoulders were now visible upon the upper level of the creek — the rest of her body being already over the rim. Horace Asche made a last supreme effort. When he reached the cataract all he saw was one small white hand disappear- ing before his eyes like a lightning flash. " Wherever it is we shall go together," said he, as he just managed to seize the fingertips. CHAPTER XVII. — " DIED FROM STARVATION." " What does that tramp want ?" " Work, so he says." " Oh, yes, I know ; looking for work, and praying to God he won't find it. Show him the nearest cut to the gate, and tell him, I've gone to let the bulldog loose." The wild-visaged wanderer leading the little girl by the hand turns wearily away. " She says she is tired. She must be," he thinks, for she has had no breakfast. So he hoists her up on his lean shoulders and continues his passive plodding along the dusty road. At the end of ten miles he calls at another house, " Work, if you have it ; anyhow, a piece of bread for the little child ! " " We never encourage beggars ; besides, I can tell by the look of you that you are an impostor. It is really a shame that the law should allow children to be used for such purposes. That child ought to be at school, and you, if you are her father, ought to be supporting her by honest labor, not carrying her round as an object to excite charity in the interests of your own lazi- ness. In a country like this no one need starve who likes to work. Why don't you go on the land ?" " Come along, Martha. Don't cry. We shall have all we want soon ! " He staggered now as he walked. " Certainly, I won't refuse a bit of bread to the child ; but don't think I'll give you money to go and get more drink with." " Thank you," said he, resuming his way. Then, to the child : " There is water down there in the creek. We will have a drink, and rest in the shade a while." There was a grand banquet in the new Mesopotamia Town Hall tendered to the local member in recognition of his distin- guished services to the district, for, as a bringer of money into his electorate Pocus had even beaten the record of Hocus. He caused such a boom in property that the landlords were able to put up their rents 25 per cent., and the bum-bailiffs were never known to be so busy in the town before. Sir George Pankey and a galaxy of political talent had come up from Sydney in a special train paid for by the public to honor the great Pocus festival. An army of Press reporters accompanied the party, to whom the great man was exceedingly defferential, as he expected at least two columns from each. The furnace fires never roared, the steam engines never hissed, the machinery never rasped or rattled louder than on that day, when, in his neatest figure of speech, Sir George likened it all to a great chorus, of praise uplifted to the political glory of Pocus, the man whose energy and enterprise had done such marvellous things for his constituents, and that, too, against the handicap of a Hankey Government. If Pocus could achieve so much for them under Hankey, what might they not expect under Pankey ! The whole Press next morning blazed with the account of New Mesopotamia's great effort to show its gratitude to Mr. Pocus, and the continuous cheers of the crowd of hungry workmen who stood round the door of the banquet-hall were described as a specially touching feature. Mr. Pocus him- self acknowledged that it gave him more pleasure than even the distinguished com- pliments paid him by his " revered chief," Sir George Pankey. On the day that the report of this festival appeared, in a remote corner of the most enthusiastic Pankeyite journal was the following paragraph, communicated by telegram. As a resident of Dead-dog Flat was riding home from Bungtown he heard moans coming from the bush. Following the sound he found an old man lying under a tree, evidently dying, and a little girl sitting beside him. She was eating a piece of bread, and there was half a loaf on the ground beside her. The child said her name was Martha, but could give no coherent account of herself or how she came there. He rode into town and gave information to the police, who, on proceed- ing to the place, found the man dead. The inquest on the remains showed that he died from starvation. His stomach was quite empty, and he appeared not to have tasted food for several days. The body was buried by the police, and an order obtained for the admission of the child to the Benevolent Asylum. [THE END.] 