CONFERENCE ON THE PLAN OF WORK. i Pastor BLAGEIE (Victoria) presided at the afternoon conference on the plan of work. Mr. A. S. GRIER (Queensland) spoke on the best way to gather in young men. Often a fault of misdirection arose, forgetting what they wanted to gather them in to. It was into Christ's Kingdom.' Those who tried to gather in young men must be sincere and earnest themselves and shoes there was something worth coming into not into a society that was frivolous, but in which the great spiritual ends of Christianity were attained. It was not difficult to get young men to join cricket and football clubs, became they saw there was scope for them, and the same impression must be conveyed in connection with the Christian Endeavour. There was work for them to do politically and socially. Rev. J. W. CORBIE said they should not rush at the young men and preach at them. Rev. W. J. L. CLOSE said there was one society which had three young men to one young woman, and they did it by the young men members, who brought them in. Mr. H. SELWOOD AUSTIN thought the keynote was to get more among young men. A DELEGATE said that in country pi noes especially a great aid was for Christian families to throw their themes open to young men for social enjoyment. ANOTHER DELEGATE : And be natural in approaching young men, and be manly for Christ. The CHAIRMAN: The keynote, I think is enthusiasm." Young men liked thorough- ness. STRENGTH AND DEVELOPMENT OF COUNTRY SOCIETIES. Rev. J. WALTON (Perth) spoke on the above subject. The country societies were strengthened by making the members feel their responsibility as much as possible in the conduct of the meetings, and the management. They should trust the committees, and let them be as much self effacement as possible, making the members responsible for the working of their committees and the society. It was better to get quality rather than quantity, and not I lower the standard for admission and try and keep up the spiritual tone of the society. A strict adherence to the rule as to absenting members should be observed. His society had done so, and had never found cause to regret it. Be sure to have a weekly meeting. Many a society became weakly by not meeting weekly. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Develop latent talent. Love, prayer, and faith in the Holy Ghost were points never to be forgotten. Delegates spoke of the importance of adhering to the model of the Christian Endeavour. Vice-presidents should be active as well as the president. A great mistake in some country meetings was that they became lugubrious and uninteresting, One delegate mentioned that his society benefited by the absence of their president, the members then more freely taking part. PRACTICAL EVANGELICAL WORK. Mr. H. SELWOOD AUSTIN introduced this subject. How to do it? Go into the' streets. The word to the sinner was " come," but to the saint " go," The timid should go, and into the highways ; it meant to any open door, to the bedside of the sick and dying, to the aged and the young. To say " can't " often meant " won't." It was necessary to go to the people, because they were treading in the road of unrighteousness and sin.! But they must be pure in heart for the work, and be filled with the spirit of God. Rev. W. CLARK spoke of the importance of being prepared, and to understand what was going to be done. Mr. SINCLAIR : And do the speaking that will suit others, not yourself. It is not haphazard work. GOOD LITERATURE. Miss GREGSON (Victoria) dealt with the subject of good literature. The literature had to be carefully and prayerfully chosen. The literature that came in should be handed over to the committee that should have it. There were several Christian Endeavour papers issued very cheaply, and active members ought to read more than one of them, as thereby they would derive much help. There should be a Christian Endeavour library. Boys and girls, and other members as well, should have something to read. They required books on denominational principles, missionary work, and work done to the Church and by the Church. To read the life of William Carey, and the Congo Mission, would prove an inspiration to many ; devotional books should be circulated. The friends of the Church ought to help in procuring and distributing these. Ask such for one book each, and such books could be circulated among the members of the society. Also magazines and papers that would be useful, and a good thing was to mark parts in a Christian Endeavour paper that were likely to be helpful. They might hold book socials, members to bring books. In Victoria these socials worked well. Great care, however, would have to be exercised in choosing books. It must be done prayerfully. The Literature Committee might work well with the Sunshine Committee. In the little discussion which followed, a Literature Committee in connection with a society was strongly recommended. The conference then terminated with pro- nouncing of the benediction. COMMITTEE RALLIES. These rallies were held in the afternoon as follows: - Mechanics'-hall, look- out and social committees, Rev. H. Clark, N.S.W. being the leader. Memorial- hall, Brisbane-street Sunday School, prayer and musical committees, Mr. H. H. McKecknie, S.A., being the leader. Chalmers Schoolroom, Bathurst-street, missionary committee, Rev. F. E. Harry, N.S. W" leader. Union Chapel, Bathurst-street, sunshine, visiting, and Mower committees, Mrs. J. S. Wilson, Western Australia, loader. Memorial Church, literature and temperance committees, leader, Mr W. B, McCutcheon, Victoria. -- 