THOMAS JARVIS SNTERI . VIEWED. One Thursday afternoon, this press re presentative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared :hinu to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that be was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary ques tions, he said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was. " How long were you suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street. Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my bil let at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. 1 had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was in cessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However hlie gave ome an order to the Director of Charit able Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" " No I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a ques tion of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating volun tary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medi cal opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man would grasp at a straw, I grasped an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure affected in the case of another boiler iiiaker in England which I read in the " Ausvralian Workman,'. by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magi cal. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was in credible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now tak ing the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am grad ually, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? Thdy are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for mec before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I anal rapidly regaining my strength." " lie is 100 per cent. better." said Mr;. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another main of him." A friend who called in at this point, Said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he di d a fort night previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back to my legs. If I keep on going on the way I ami, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to day than I have been at any time dur ing the past live years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am m no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mant!epiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But they cani.stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. hly being about again has caused quice a sensation out here." - Such i. this remarkable history, and it confirmswhat is said iin all the chief newspapers of this country of the as tonishing cures wrought by Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They Br$ locomotor stary, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from im poverished state of the blood, such as anaemia, pale and sallow complection, general muscular weakness, indigest ion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains In the back, nervous headache, etc. 