A TORN-OUT PAGE. „. . By DORA RUSSELL, Author ;of "Footprints, in the Snow,"-"The Broken 'Seal," ■" On .Golden Hinges," "A \- Fatal Past;" A Bitter Birthright," "The Last -Signal," -."The Drift of Fate," \- "Beneath' the Wave,"" "The Other Bond," "A Man's Privilege," &o.;, &c.; " (Published by special arrangement with the Author. All rights reserved.] , : Chapter V.—Isabel's ; Letteb. \- When Isabel damedown f rom this illness she looked a changed woman. She was -worn and wasted.: The mental suffering she had gone through had told on her fine physical " frame. But for ■ George Fairfax's Bake she tried to exert 'herself. Yet she had scarcely been up a : day or two when a letter was brought to her by hand, which: naturally'added to her' anxiety, . although she had expected it. ■ It was sighed "S.L.," and was as follows :— " My Lady—I have not troubled you for a long time as I hoard you were ill But now I write to you on a serious subject. If you'.'will \- give m'e a hundred .'pounds I will eo back to Spain and leave your fogs.-; But I won't take,a penny less." .-Isabel read/this letter twice. It had been brought 'to her in : her bedroom—and then she slowly crossed the room to her secretaire and counted the'.'money it contained; There was not 'a ■ hundred^ pounds— there were seventy five—and she sat thinking how she could raise . the rest..:At last she decided to send for the , admiral, who came delighted, until he knew . what she wanted. . "I have a great favor to ask yon," she said. "My dear, consider it granted," he an ■ swered. \- " Well, will you lend me twenty-five pounds till the middle of next month ?' It would have been amusing to any looker on to- see the 'admiral's face. His jaw abso lutely fell. : • "Twenty-five pounds!" he_ repeated. "What can you want to do with it when George is so generous to you?' . ~ . ■ "It is—it is," hesitated Isabel, "on account of the old connection." \- The admiral used a very strong expression. ■■■•: "The old connection!" he repeated. . " Wasn't it agreed when I' brought you here that you were to be perfectly done with any old-connections?' ' 1 ■"It's not so-easy to he done with them," said-Isabel, and her face darkened.. "But ■ this money I must have and I can't ask George . ■ for it." : ■ -The-; admiral growled and grumbled, He ,hated to part witb his money, but at last. un-. willingly drew outhiS'^cheijue-bbokj which he wished he had left at home. " : . " I can't go on like this, yon know, Isabel," ho said. ' ' \- " You will not be asked," she answered. ■ The admiral went; away really feeling ex ceedingly cross. However, he reflected that Isabel had done well for herself—that she was Lady Fairfax, and, therefore, he ought to be well satisfied. But .even after she# had gat the. money Isabel's troubles about it did not cease. She was forced to send her maid—a smart young Frenehwomam4-to the village where Sebastian Lopez was staying. .;' " You must give it into his own hands,"- she said.. . The maid looked at the ' address curiously, and then said—r ' " Do you know, my lady, this gentleman - is • said to be the. very image of the gentleman who was found murdered in the woods." Isabel could'; not help giving a little shudder. "At all events, it can't be," she said in:_a low, forced tone. "However,"give, him this letter. I knew him when I was a child. • So ' the;1, hundred pounds was given into •SebastianLopez's'hands,] and ' she got an aclcowledgmehtduring the same day. "My lady, I thank you," he wrote; "I shall leave you'r fogs to-morrow." So Isabel] .felt reprieved for'- a little time. She went out to walk with Sir George Fairfax one bright autumnal, day,r.in the fading . gardens at Fairfax. Around them were all the tintsand charms of the autumn, and a sense of relief seemed to steal over her heart. "Oh, George," she said, leaning her head against his shoulder, " wouldn't it be nice if we could go away together a long way off—say to Australia?"- • :"To Australia, 'my dear?' he repeated, in utter astonishment. "Why should we leave our own people—our old friends?' '"It was only a dream,"' she ;answered, quietly, .' He,laughed, and nothing more was said on the subject.,; But afterwards her words recurred to him, and he thought more than once what they could mean. . She, however, gradually regained her strength, and_ for a week or two after Sebas tian Lopez's disappearance no haunting shadow crossed her path.; Then again Bhe had a visit from Mrs. Watkins. : " I've come to congratulate you on your re covery, my lady;" she said. " I did not come before,- as you were ill, but I hope you under stand Fve not forgotten our little agreement." "What :agreement?! answered Isabel, sharply. "Aboutholding my tongue," answered the woman, insolently. • i "There's nothing to hold it about," answered Isabel; v. "Oh, isn't there?' said Mrs.- Watkins dis agreeably. "Some people think , very diffe rently." - -It ended, of course, in Isabel giving her some money ; and the charm of the peaceful autumn days seemed once more broken for the' persecuted woman. It seemed. to. her . as if there was no release for her rf. iahd desperate, daring thoughts began to grow-in her mmd. - " Why should all these people-prey upon me?' she reflected. " I've done nothing but made a fool of myself in my youth and married a despicable man." - But a month had not elapsed • before again the dark shadow of her life loothed over her. It was a wet day—indeed it was getting to mid-winter—and, after lunoh, George. Fairfax composed himself comfortably for a sleep on the conch when'; a note was brought in to the unhappy Isabel. ] She rose after she, received it and left her sleeping husband.. It was signed "S.L.," and was from Sebastian Lopez. " My lady and fair sister-in-law," he wrote, with his usual _ audacity, "that _ accursed gambling propensity which I inherited over came me in r Seville, and I nearly lost the whole of thelhundred -pounds in one night. Here I am. again, therefore,- virtually penni less. I must have another hundred pounds at once. So let me know' how you will send it, or where I shall meet you. • I am sorry to trouble you so soon again, but 'Necessity,'as you English say, 'has no law.' I trust you will receive this all right, "And remain, "Yours ever "S.L." Absolute despair fell, on Isabel's soul after she read this letter. She knew the admiral would give her no more money, and she conld not ask George Fairfax. "I will leave George," she deoided at last; "I will leave' my home. In the rush and tumult of London this wretch will not be able to trace me," She was a'woman jprompt of action when she decided on a thing. - She went into the con servatory and cut a.rose, which she meant to place in George Fairfax's coat. Then she ordered a carriage, merely taking a few neces saries with her; But before she went out she returned to George Fairfax] who was still peace fully asleep. She put the rose in his coat "Good-bye, George," she said. "Good bye, my dear,-dear George." Then she ordered the coachman to drive her to the station, and so left her home.. In the meanwhile Sir George Fairfax awoke. He saw the flower in his coat, and . guessed at once who put it there. - "Dear little woman?' hethought tenderly; and lie went up to her bedroom to thank her. But there was no Isabel. Hs rang - the bell and her maid answered it. . " Where is your lady 5" ho asked. " My lady, : sir," answered , the maid, " ordered the carriage about half an hour ago. and went out to drive." "All right,"; answered Sir George. He did • not feel the least uneasy. He thought most probably she had gone to the admiral's. But . yhen hour after hour passed and she] did not appear, he became somewhat disturbed. He ! rode over to the admiral's and heard with con sternation that she had not been there.. Then he questioned the coachman and learned that Isabel had 'driven to the station. He' sent the carriage back to the station, and again hour after hour passed, but they brought him no further news. He spent, a miserable night wandering between the station" arid Fairfax House. He never, in fact, attempted to go to bed—listening for every sound with strained ears. : When the morning came he looked haggard, worn, and Bhaky, for he: could nob understand or account in any way for Isabel's disappearance.. Since their marriage they had never had an unkind word. He had been devoted to her—she always gentle and loving to him.- ' When " the grey ' winter morning dawned he was standing, on! the doorstep watching for the. postman: "There is one for you, SirGeorge," the man said.' ' Sir George snatched it from the man's hand. It was in the handwriting of Isabel. "My dearest George," he read with start ing eyes. "When you receive this I shall have ! left your roof—my home—the home where I have been so happy. But I have a confession to make to you; a confession about my early youth, which should, have been told to you befdre'I married" ybiv My early, girlish days were''spent in Seville, and I - lived with a Madame Cowman. She was not a Spaniard; in fact, I believe She was a Frenchwoman; but, she had a liberal allowance: for my sup j port. Where this came from she never said ; but I conclude, now, it was from the ad I miral, who used to come to see me at rare .intervals. She had a ' nephew called Pedro Lopez, of whom, apparently, she . was fond. These two plotted and schemed, and induced a young girl to marry him. I was sixteen when -I was married, to Pedro "Lopez, and from that hour I never had a happy day. He Was a coarse, selfish man, given to gambling; and, of course my supposed for tune ; was my only attraction in his eyes. We quarrelled incessantly,' when, once more the: admiral appeared. Madame llowman implored me not to tell him that I was married to Pedro Lopez, as she said he would be so angry. As it was, I found he had come into his property, and wanted me to. go home to England with him. He had several private interviews with Madame Cowman, and told me he had given her a siim of money with'the understanding that all, my connection with Spain was to cease, I suppose she shared this money -with Pedro, At "all events, I went away with the admiral unmolested. Then I came to Heathfield, where I met you, George. What was my horror when I returned from the ball, the evening I first met you, to find a note lying on my toilet from Pedro Lopez. He- had come for 'money, which lie always wanted. : I was afraid to refuse his demand. I met him in the woods where he asked me to meet him, and gave him what I could. But this was not sufficient for his requirements. I promised to go again,' which I did, and gave him the rest of what he wanted. I know it would never cease, but he was afraid of the ad miral, and kept fairly within bounds. Co you remember when you first asked me to be your wife ? I told you mine was a shadowed life. It truly was. Then came the tragedv of PedroLopez's death. I bad gone again to meet him, to give him some further money, When I came upon him lying in the woods dead, with a dagger in his breast. George, I am innocent of this man's death. Believe this' at least .of me. . He had been killed by a dagger of foreign workmanship,, they Eaid at the' inquest. ".But who struck the blow I know not—at least; I did not. But the most weird and tragic -part of the story is yet to come. After we bad beeri married and had returned home, one afternoon out of the inher drawing-room appeared to me what seemed an apparition of the dead man. I shrieked and put out my hands, buthesneer ingly assured me he was not Pedro's ghost, but Sebastian Lopez,-. Pedro's brother. I bad a vague remembrance of hearing Madame Bow maq and Pedro talking of this Sebastian. Ha had, of course, come for the same thing as Pedro, and hetried tofrighten me by pretending to believe that I -had killed Pedro.- \ This, George, if these were the last words I should ever write, I did hotHowever,-with difficulty I persuaded Sebastian- Lopez to go back to Spain. I raised the money hb-; required, the admiral lending me. twenty-five pounds, and I thought I was free,- for a time at least;'from his galling importunities. But not'six weeks had I elapsed-when 1. received another letter' from this wretched man demanding moremoney; George, this determined me to leave yoiir home. Iwillhothaveyburhouorablelilebvershadowed; and so I have started for London and will bury myself there in some lonely place where no one Bhallsee me. Co not seek to find me; but do not quite forget me, fori have loved you well. Good-bye, dear George, and believe me always your faithful ' Isabel." George Fairfax was greatly affected after he read this letter.: "Oh, my poor, poor girl 1" be murmured; "my poor, poor girl!' " \ • He; was not a religious man, but some in stinct prompted him to fall on his knees. , " O .God; help me' to find, her," he cried, "help me to find her 1" • - : Tenminutes later, he was galloping : pn'- his road.tp Heathfield. \ When no arrived there the admiral was at breakfast, but he: started up anxiously as George entered the room. "Have you heard anything of. Isabel?" he asked eagerly. . !• ; . "Yes," answered George Fairfax; "I have heard. from her. This is her letter," and he laid it on the breakfast-table. -"Now tell me," he; said, "as we are two men of honor together, is what is written here truth ?" , "It. is true," said the/admiral, "with the .exception that I never knew she had married Pedro Lopez. - Had I known so, I should not have allowed her. to marry an honorable man like you." "But she must have married him, you see," answered George Fairfax. "As she has written it, she must," replied the admiral, " for I never knew Isabel tell a lie.5'- :: "I will find her," answered George. Fairfax, with a' determined look on his face. Arid thus the two men parted: An hour later Sir George was on:his road to London to seek. for the wife who had forsaken him. " 