Local and General News. Eight Houb Day.—In connection with this event, the Railway Commissioners announce that they have arranged for the issue of holiday excursion tickets from all stations to all stations, commencing with the day trains leaving terminal stations on Friday, October 1, and continuing thereafter by all trains until Monday, October 4, available for return until Monday, October IX. Ode Queen Acnoss the Sea.—Her Majesty's private Secretary lias written to Lord Auysthill, Secretary to the Bight Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, to the effect that the Queen has accepted a copy of (he song " Our Queen Across the Sea," by John Piummer, of Sydney, and has com* manded her thanks to be sent to the author, who was similarly honoured on a previous occasion. The song has found its way into numerous British, Canadian, American, and other papers, Ally SSlopcr describing it as "a spirited song/ proving " Australia can write Jubilee pocly as well as us." Sweet Bbtae.—In the August uumber of the Agricultural Gazette, Mr. Joseph Hanson, of Armidale, asks if it will pay to make scent from sweet-briar. Mr. Dunnicliff, wbo had charge of some ex* perimeiita that were conducted some time ago in connection with the extraction of essential oils, considers that it would he useless to attempt the manufacture of scent from the sweet-briar. The quan tity of essential oil in the blooms is so very limited that we have no appliances or process by which it could be profit* ably extracted. The perfumes offered as "Sweet'briar" are so tar as Mr. Dunni cliff is aware, merely combinations of other extracts in imitation. EIGHTY TONS MORE Imported Leaf than all I he other factories pot together were used by DIXSUNS for the past six months. Dix6"u's YANKEE DOODLE is fiist everywhere. Dixson's CONQUEROR—the workman's Tobacco. Digson'a SIR ROGER—twist, A Leva Joomv.-Mr, A. A. Jtohert*. the well-known beekeeper of Mas well brook, received bjr post from America on Tuesday moraine a queen ( bee of the Golden Italian species, said to be' the best procurable in the world. The in leresting aad valuable insect was a pre sent, and was sent from the famous apiary of Mr 6. M. Dooliltlc, Borodino, N.Y. The bee was in the best of condi tion on ber arrival in Mnsweltbrook (writes the Chronicle), and encased in the ordinary bee cage has been one month and two days in course of transit, having apparently suffered no inconvenience from being enclosed in mail bags during the joarney. Weatheu.—Up to Thursday morning' 43 points of rain fell locally; Thcxrop*~ everywhere look splendid, and the grass is also roaking itself conspicuous. The principal records received at the Posi, Office since last report are: Casino 20. Tahulsm 20. Tenterfield 31, Walcha 18, Uralla 23, WariaMa 47, Emmacitle 32, Glen Innes 18, Hay 22, Albtfry 120, Goulburn 31, Orange35, Yetman 43, and Armidale 43. Mr. llussell's report re ceived here yesterday morning was as follows Southerly to south cast winds, fight moderate sea, increasing south of Sydney, Weather fine generally inland, still and showery on central coast. An other rain storm is reported from Perth to-day end will affect this colony in about Ihreedays. A Mvdgee Inquiet.—The commission | appointed to irquirc into the death cf the j late Mary BeaUie (who died on her way home after being discharged from the i Mudgee Hospital), and her connection i with the Hospital, opened at the Court-.i hou*c, Mudgee, on Tuesday morning, | before Mr, M. S. Love, chamber magis- > Irate. Mr. A. G. Thomson, of Bathursf, j appeared for the relatives of the de ceased ; Mr. C. D. Meares for Dr. | Nickoll.end Mr. J. C. Gannon, instructed ! by Wallace and Dawson, for Ethel M'Ewan, matron of the hospital. There were about twenty-five witnesses to be examined. Great interest is being mani fested in the proceedings, and the courthouse was crowded. The whole morniog was occupied in examining Wm. Trafford, stepfather of the deceased. Oriental Cricket Club.—The animal meeting ol the above club took place ei Tattcrsall's Hotet on. Thursday night. There was a good attendance. Mr.. D. P. Claverie being in the chair. The report and balance sheet showed that the affairs, of the club are in a very satisfactory state and a vote of thanks was accorded the retiring secretary tMr. L. H. Borrell), for his assistance during the season. The following officers were elected for the coming season:—Patron, Dr. Mai lam ; President, Mr. T. W. Spencer; Vice Presidents, Dr.S&muclson;, and Messrs. E. Lonsdale, M.L.A., J. Kickbaro, 6. Frank* land, H. Weaver, and L. H. Mathias; Secretary and Practice Captain, D. P, Claverie; Treasurer,L. II Borrell; Gen eral Committee, J. Bryant, J, Bradley, W. Brown, F. Marshall, and R Bartlett; Selection Committee, P. P. Claverie, R. Bartlett and 11. Williams; Representa tive Combined Cricket, J. Bryont. Prac tice will be commenced at once and as the club will have the services of Mr. C. Cooper, tho members intend making a bold bid for the premiership. IO G.T. Lodge—The local branch of the I.O.G.T. Lodge has been holding special meetings during the past week. On Sunday the Bev- J. G. M. Taylor fircaohed a temperance sermon to a very arge congregation in the - Wesleyan Church, the members of the lodge attend ing in regalia. A public meeting was held in the Olympic Hall on Thursday night, when Mr. J. A, Glass occupied the Chair, and delivered an address on the drink question. The following pro gramme was rendered: - Violin Solo, Mr. M'sh≠ Song, " The Deathless Army," Mr. Coucom; Recitation, Mr. Muioll; Song, Mr. Faithfull; Recitation, Mr. Muxoll; Song, (comic) Mr. Merry: recitation "Good Dews from Home/' Jessie Yates; recitation, "Out in tho Street," Mrs.' Yates; pianoforte solo, Miss Easton; song, Mr. Wickerson; recitation, " Barbara Fletchie," Mrs. Yates; duct, " I'm a Mother," Misses Ayres and Madden ; pianoforte selection, Mibb Easton. On Sunday (to-morrow) at 3 p.m., and again on Monday at 8 p.m. Mr. T. W. Glover, the well-known temperance organiser, will lecture on the liquor traffic question. A Woman Swims a Mile,—Two -men standing on (be wharf at BlackwattleBay on Wednesday night heard splashing some distance out in the bay. As the sound seemed to be growing nearer the two men watched for some time, and soon discovered a woman, folly dressed, swimming. The men lowered a boat, and brought her to land, and she was taken to an hotel close by. where some women took off her wet clothes. The woman; se ffiel to be none the worse for her im m nion, and a surprising faet was that, tin ugh -h^ muat have swum nearly a mi e, ah had swallowed no salt water. Hri acta however, were peculiar, and she seemed either nnable or unwilling to give e&dia;'ormalion as to how she got into ihe water. A man called at the Folice Citation on Thursday morning, and identified the woman aa .Elizabeth Gordon, a single woman, residing at 92 Campbell street, Sydney. He elated that at one time she bad been an inmate of tbe Calian Park Asylum. She went out at about 7 o'clock oh Wednesday nighty and did not return Why she went to Pyrmont is not known, A Jubilee.—A largely attended meet ing of the members of the Boman Catholio Congregation met in the Guild Hall, on Tuesday cveuing last. The Very Rev. Dean O'Connor presided and explained that tbe object of the meeting was to con sider the question of taking steps to com memorate the Golden jubilee of his Lordship Dr. .Torreggiant who, on the 20th oF next month, will celebrate his 60 years profession as a religions. After some disanssion it was decided that it was desirable to commemorate the event by the presentation of a parse of- sovereigns to His Lordship the Bishop, oa the occasion in the Torn Hall, Artnidale, and that all parts of the Diocese be asked to co-operate. Messsrs. Beany, Murray, and. Kearney were appointed a committee to prepare an address of congratulation. A conversazione will be held at. the ToWn Hall, on the evening of Wednesday, October 20th, at which the presentation will be made, and to wbioh the public will be invited. Messrs. Hjclcham, Murray, Mahony, Henry, Ahcrn, and - Brown were appointed a committee for collecting. Mr, J. B. Fitzgerald was ap feinted Treasurer, and Mr, J}, JjJaAtruey ecretaryfor tf}g moyement The sum - of £2p was collected in the room. . Poo .roisopwo.—A coupler'«>£ •ports bad very jbarJ luck on Wedneadiy,' They went out & few milei with a quartet e of greyhounds, and d.d tery good w -rk amongst the bates, scoring sixteen • before commercing thfe-jourbef home. "While *>ro ceedinfi towards town the doge suddenly took 411, and oue-wf opt tbe otber give up the ghost, before any assistance could be ren dered them. Poisoning per medium of belts is supposed to bare been tbe cau e of she depth pf theilog*, which yrere all valu ■able animtls*.' Educated Horses.—Trofeftbr Biwto>, tbie •if Cinoon, ao'l^a third.perf-ncance to-night. Speaking of ifc perfftnnao'ee the Glen tune's '^zataimr of ypstert'ay. wyaIt was a wondrfui anduijiqUe porfoi maiicc-some thing which must be teen to be fpUy realised. There is an air of covlty in wit _flcssicg.se ttuny five animsts on the stage, and «he »nt<I|j^cn'e. dieplayel by~-tlie fquioes iu {he'performance of theit.seyeral acts is bcyehdvthe 'comprebcMuion of ^tbp most ardent admirer of hon-eflvab. There was a .large audtgpee^ which d*woiiifcrated Its appreciation of the exhibition by out bursts of applause. The hor.es oppearwithent Vfinsor'tiappihge of auy description; thy stem to enjoy their-work, and when not ru ga ed or awa tiog their 'turn'are partici pating ia-,£U':h^ antics and by play j»b nOr&ce; hlme^cujoy ; they aoewer proinp'.ly at the call ofJthcir respective names, and not <Ui1y do they^knaw theif otv'u.iiatn? but also th\M of lhe.r,cpmradcaJ which is sometimes dem'onatratsd'by one prging hi-t neighbor to move from ?fiir Yanks Every beast is in the pink of condition, nr.d a picture to look at fhey are piebplds, skewbalds, bbeka, bays, whites, creams, and <he*tnute. ; At the rise of the curtain -hordes, pt>n:es, and mules arc discovered at p'ay, but at a command from their teacher cm his entrance eich takes his own place it) the *:class.* The le-il. ing light of ; the shew ie the mule Denver—monitor, elowu, and holder of other numerous otficea, Denver is the exception to the rule that mules are stubborn and dcuse—ho displayed intelli gence and went through bis work in a mauner which was, bb Profeseor Bristol re matked, * entirely his own** lie created roars of lau^htery and justified Ihe reputa tion lie hotde cjf 4> being the most io'clligeut nnimal ever placed on ciliibrtioQ." Lowers of mueic wero offiorded a treat rarely heard in the,country i-y-'the eweet muflic of a full orehfctr&, -which. } qccoropanies the show under the .capable direction of Mr. W. Pflueger.", . - -.5* - . - ' Tab Bsst JJseabmbhhbwt in the dis trict to Beleojiipresehtatioiis'"is L. H. Mathias'tS, where jthero is a'spfebdid stock of wa^cl^s, clpcks* -jewellery; and ailrer ware, atjmost reaaooable prices.—* The Lcckeow Sxbikb.—A. telegram was Jreceifed on Wednesday addressed to the strike committee from Haymarket /Snitnefcil tionerl "fitpilrni' " and covino (Sydney) signed "Striker," and saying, " Ten men leavinglO 16 train Jjucknow; writing Powell tomorrow." Powell, it may be mentioned, is a prominent striker. Consequent upon the receipt of this news, a very Urge number of men gathered here on Wednesday night, intending to wail until the arrival of the ten men; but they did not turn up. The strikers determined, however, to wait up alt night, if necessary, although it was cold and very wet, and pitch dark. They gathered rouud their fires to tire number of about 100\. At 9:30 a great fexplosion took place .inside the mine enclosure. The whole of the residents: were' greatly alarmed by the noise, hnd the buildipgs pear by were shaken. * Mo serious damage(.was dono by the explosion. Logi'werb displaced, some windows were ;brg)ten,'. and' 'two of Ihe men were pitched out of their bunks, one beingtlighllj.liiuispd, A great com motion ensued both inside end outside the i enclosure. The strikers were greatly disturbed, and one Slid all totally dis claimed any connection with the affair. It is stated that the explosion was caused by dynamite, and that it appeared to hare been wrapped in calico and a fuse lighted; also that another sitnilar package wa9 found near by in which the fuse had j failed to act,' The strike committee. and j the men are aghast at tlic occurrence, as they feel that it may be attributed toj them, and they totally deny any snch'j allegation. — • I 1HE ABallDALE 15 AND.—-The public meeting, convened by the Acting-Mayor, and held at the Town, Hall-on Wgdnes day evening last, for t(ie purpose of con sidering the position',pf the Armidale Town Band, was pot well attended. Previous to the business of the meeting' being proceeded : wi^the .fcand played several selecUons,, ■ and^lso' rendered tjhe " Verdi,*'which piece is to -be playedat the Tamworth contestiitiGfe 3nonthT "The Acting-Mayor (1)r. vPjgan) presided, and explained the'objecU-ofthe meeting. A general discussion ..took placo, after which it was .decided on. the motion of Mr. it. Blariand, seconded by Mr. H. Weaver, that a general committee of the following citizens be appointed to manage the attmrs of the band -.—Messrs. Brannd, Blaxland, WilliB, Nott, Darcy, Dillon, Hawke, White, Kemmis, Willmott, Rev. W. Fisher, SaWers, Palmer, Dean O'Connor, C. Moore, W. Moore, Monro, Kearney, Hern, Ramsay. Ryan, Poulton, Marks, Harris, Frankjsiid,. Attwater, Kickham, Higinbotham, M'Donald, Dr WigaD, Cockbnrn, H. Brannd, Keifer, H. Mallam, Fletcher, ,Dr. Mallam, pr. Ssmuelson, Murray, ll. ' Blaxland, 'J. Bliss, sen., and J. Huiit,. It eras "further decided that the cotjimifiee .fjeinvited to meet at the School of Arts next'Wedhes day erening, for the purpose of forming an executive cojamittre../t vote of t*>anks was accorded lhe local Press for their assistance to the mowipejit on.thi) motion of Mr. Brauhd, secondaifiF,Mr.-Hawke. Mr. S. Kearney read'i f oe balance sheet of the outgoing citirims" committee, showing the ampnbt ot £85,7« 4d having been put through' since December last, and a present credit balance of £4 3s 3d inbaua. A vote of thanks to the Acting Mayor for presiding concluded the meet, ing. It is hoped that the band will de rive some permanent benefit from the | formation of the powerful Committee, as it certainly deserves far more support than has been aocorded. it by the pnblic of Armidale ihfhe past, Mr. M. Cockbnrn, of Itlte. Railway Locomotive Department has pur chased the Railway. Hotel tmsiness from Mr. W. iZJSteraps; who intends, taking * trip to 'the oldcountry. The new liceasea wiUieotBr,,iw»fe> ~.poieet| eion oh.4*hQdtoW.<lMru-Codkbiirni' Who is well-known and Tespected, has' spent m0|kof his'life in the service of the Railway'Department, At the Axmiapleifplioe Ooorfc<pj}; Wednesday, befo'rS the P.ltL, ayoung woman named EHsBhetihi- Sahlden, who was deen33d Jo he (naaae, woe Ordored to he sent to the Qladesville Hospital tor the Ineahe, on the carta nates of Dri. Wigan and Somneleon. 