THE STORYTELLER. "LUCILLE." By H. BURKINSHAW. She was one of those striking-look- ing high-coloured women with the fashion- able waists, and expanses of snowy necks and shoulders who first catch our eyes on entering a crowded ballroom. She was just a slip of a girl, slender, willowy, and frail, with a delicately poised head above a milk while throat, that might degenerate into scragginess, but when you looked above the slim white shoulders your eyes were held by the brave line of red lips and the lovely pa- thetic grey eyes. If you happened to notice her at all, and to single her out for five minutes deliberate inspection, you were al- ways after that wanting another oppor- tunity of looking, and of a closer view, and then you had a disagreeable sensation that you were making yourself conspicuous by markedly staring a woman out of counte- nance, and seeking the key to an unanswer- able conundrum. Nobody thought of calling her handsome or beautiful, and somehow "pretty" didn't seem the word. I heard a cheeky young middy describe her once as "Too rippin' " for anything-looks as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth though." I inquired, somewhat acridly, (though the Lord knows what right I had to stand up for her!) if it did! And the reply was a muffled "Oh! crikey," from the little upstart. Another juvenile admirer of hers, for she had a way with boys which was sometimes a subject of great annoyance to older men, once re- marked that the only fault he could find with her was that she was married! "Mar- ried!" I said, for I had only just seen her, and had not caught her name. "That chit married?" "Yes, to some beastly chap. I'm sure he's a beast-out in West Australia or some- where a long way off, thank goodness; only hope he'll get the fever. Just imagine her in widow's weeds!" And the blood-thirsty young lover departed, and I saw him a little later carrying her fan, and hanging on every word that fell from those generously moulded lips. So she was a grass widow! One of the lonely army who have husbands "up north," husbands "out west," or hus- bands somewhere, and who are labelled "sold" or "reserved" to our frequently en- vious eyes. I wondered then, being an old bachelor, and susceptible, how any man could be found with so callous a heart as to be able to bear separation from Lu- cille Derrick, but reflected in calmer moments of the golden worth of that man's self-sacrifice. None of our select circle had ever met her hus- band. Perhaps that was why Billy Smith's designation of "the beast" clung to him. We knew he must be poor, for Lucille, who lived with an old widowed aunt, came to ball after ball in the same low- cut black satin frock, and never seemed to wear any- thing but white at the picnics and tennis parties. She was such a quiet, unpreten- tious little woman. Yet somehow even my density of perception soon showed me that she was beginning to lead society in Mer- ringly into whatever paths her whims chose to take it. Nothing seemed complete with- out her. Wives "who did not care for her style, so they phrased it, yet found that brothers and husbands became stupid and argumentative if Lucille was left out at the musical evenings and dinner parties. Lucille was begged to chaperone the walking parties bv moonlight which were sometimes in- dulged in by the young people, though she often turned up in the rear herself half an hour after the young people aforesaid had arrived at their destination. And yet Lucille was circumspect. But it did not take me long to define that half the men in the place were over head and ears in love with her-myself included. But I scarcely count, having always borne that reputation. "The Beast" wrote long letters from the sandv wastes where he laboured. Lucille let me catch glimpses of them sometimes, for I was soon installed as her confidential adviser and friend. "I like you, because you will not make love to me," she said looking at me, through me, and beyond me with those pathetic, maddening eyes of hers. That, of course, sealed my lips, and guide—scarcely guide perhaps—more audience, I think—I became from that out. "The Beast" had had bad luck since he went to the West, but Lucille had never suffered. Verily I believe the poor fellow had starved himself to give Beauty her portion. Whether she had ever worked in her life I know not. Dumas says that hands to be beautiful must be idle, and hers were certainly beautiful. How often I have seen her lying back in a big squatter chair among her cushions, while one deli- cate hand smoothed out the Beast's un- tidy letter lying in her lap. I used to wonder if she cared for him. To this day I cannot answer that internal query. That she loved luxury and soft living it took no time to determine. Her disposition, her whole constitution, required the petting and warmth and life we all conspired to give her. She gave the impression of being delicate. The slender neck and arms and big sad eyes made one dread early decline, although I err in speaking of her as a little woman. She was quite the average height, standing, I suppose, quite 5ft. 5in. in her low French shoes. And for these self-same buckled slippers "the Beast" was working his heart out under red-hot skies, and in the thick of fever and famine. One afternoon I went to see Lucille, and found her, for a wonder, quite busy. She was trying to pick out one of two photo- graphs of herself to send to her husband, and could not decide on the greater merit of a full-length portrait, or just head and shoulders against a dark back-ground, where the face stood out like a marble bust of some fairy, for I could not say "goddess" —there was nothing Juno-like about Lucille. "See," she said, with her head a little on one side, and a most bewitching pout on her full scarlet lips, "I look so old in the full-length picture; and in the other I am just a skinny ghost." I checked the flattery that a long appren- ticeship in the service of pretty women had left ever ready to my tongue, and took up both photographs. "Send him the full- length one," I remarked, knowing that she wanted the matter settled one way or the other for her. And, finally, after some dis- puting, the full-length portrait went. When it reached "the Beast," he was standing by the camp fire engaged in the unromantic operation of slicing kangaroo steak for tea. He and his camp mates were so heartily sick of tinned meats that even tough kangaroo was welcomed as a change. One man had fallen sick of a sort of scurvy from the want of green vegetable, or, in fact, of any sort of change of food, and Jim Derrick was trying with scant material to concoct something tasty for the invalid. One of the men had tramped three miles that evening to the nearest point of the railway line to Coolgardie, and was even now returning with the letters and papers —accumulations of some weeks—for they had been prospecting further out, and had only just got a little nearer civilisation. How the rough faces brightened over re- freshing little bits of home gossip, and how each sun-browned bushman sighed as he re- folded his letter, thinking of the dear ones thousands of miles away, for who could tell when they should meet again ? And the "Beast" looked long at Beauty's portrait in the flickering light of the camp fire. He held it gingerly, for his hands were dirty—water was scarce here, and they had little except for drinking purposes. How out-of-place the fragile woman looked, smil- ing out of the picture with those great pa- thetic eyes—the shimmer of satin about her. It was only the same black ball-dress, but it set off her fairness amazingly. Jim looked from that to the dusky wastes of sand and stunted scrub around him, to the recumbent figures of the rough men, and saw in fancy his own face, with two months' beard on it, and the grime and sunburn of days! "Poor wife!" he said, "poor wife!" Meanwhile Lucille went through her weekly round of gaieties, followed here and there by the admiring eyes of the young ca- dets and big schoolboys, and by the covert glances of their elders. Lucille, always with that intense individuality of here, whether seated under her pink-lined parasol, clad from head to foot in snowy white, sublimest type of innocence, or gliding, a lissome shape, among the dancers at our balls and soirees. She neither played nor sang; she never lifted a linger to help with the ba- zaars or fitful efforts of charity; and yet Lucille was the axle on which we turned. We circled round her. Our maidens began to come forth "all in virgin white arrayed," but they didn't look like Lucille. The num- ber of black satin ball- dresses became fune- real—but we did not confound them with Lucille. We only wondered why other women tried for the unattainable. Oh! Lu- cille! Lucille! I keep the one white bank- sia rose you gave me still, a crushed brown fragment, among the papers in my desk, and there is always an old pain and an old unsatisfied question at my heart when I look at it. What were you, Lucille? No Cleopatra, that I swear. Will I likewise swear that you were a Penelope? I answer not. To that query my heart cannot—or will not—reply. But the poor "Beast," the lawful lord and master of this fairy-framed thing of ours? We heard all about it afterwards. The papers published some sickening details after the first telegram had smitten a sud- den horror upon our laughter-loving com- munity. But, after all, it was only the old story—only another crime the great lone bush has to answer for—of weary men on foot deceived by distances, weary men be- neath a blazing sun, in the midst of sand- hills in drought time, within never a drop of water within miles except to those who knew the route, and these did not. Just the old horrible tale of empty water-bags and intolerable thirst and sunstroke ter- minating hours of agony. And the strong arms that had won Lucille, and caressed her and rocked her to sleep, even as one would rock a babe, were fighting off death in a hopeless struggle; and the bearded lips that had touched Lucille's red mouth were blackened and cracked with a horrible con- suming thirst. Oh, God! to think of it! And Lucille, unknowing, was laughing, dancing, gliding smoothly through life, while Jim Derrick lay dying of thirst and hunger in a desolate waste of scorching sand! Why did I go to condemn you, Lucille, when I heard the news? To condole with you I know I did not go. But when I saw you lying prone, with your long glory of hair across your face, I said never a word. Were you weeping, I wonder, under your yellow locks? You lay marvellously still— so still that I thought you were dead, and touched your hand with mine, and then a tremor shook you, and the hand was warm and moist, and full of glad young life; and the poor "Beast's" hands were rotting in a hastily-made grave! I noticed how the wedding-ring slipped up and down on your white finger. Perhaps you had ever worn it loosely. But I will not reproach you now, Lucille, for I did not do so then. I only took "a last farewell of all I loved" as you lay there, almost speaking aloud those lovely lines—as if I had been Jim Derrick himself— "I did not come to curse thee, Guinevere." But I am getting old, and I twaddle. Lu- cille's soul may have been as white as her gowns, for all I know to the contrary. Soon after that she left Merringly with- out (so gossip, hydra-headed, had it) one of her aforetime admirers having asked to fill the dead husband's place. But after that there were many long faces in "our set," and society languished. The newspaper reports on the Beast's death remarked that "on the breast of the dead man the portrait of a beautiful woman in evening dress was found." That was the first and last time I heard Lucille called beautiful. 