A SYDXEV MIRACLE. INVESTIGATION KY A REPORTER. Tun INTKRESTIKI; CASE OF %5R. THOMAS JARVIS, WHO SA VS THAT A FEW WEEKS ADO iiEWAsCnirri,RD--l'ARTiALLY PARALYSED, SUFFERING FROM LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, AMI HELPLESS. HOCIOR«, HOSPITAL AUTHO RITIES, AND EVERY ONE SAID HE MEST HM AS His CASF WAS HOPELESS. HUT IKEY WERE MISTAKEN. TODAY HE IS A NEW MAN, FULL OK LIFE AND EN ERO Y ; HIS CKDTC1IES HE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, HIS APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE (IF LIFF. OUT AND OUT. So much interest has been shown hy our readers in this marvellous case that we have published thc facts again, as they appeared in the Australian Workman a few weeks ago. One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the hanpiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about, and able to answer thc knock at the door. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who arc stricken as 1 was." " How long wore you suffering ?" " Well, twelve mouths ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done notliiuz since then. About five years ago next Christmas I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while laking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since thc accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of thc malady I was forced to give up my billet at the fi lebe Island." "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribible. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could hear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone CIBC. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat ur sleep. On the 23rd of March last I saw a well-known doctor, mid he told mc that my case was utterly hopeless. How- ever, he gave mc an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of thc order?" "No ; I came home and went to bcd, and have been pretty well in bsd over since. Five weeks ago I contd not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I fell Iben thal it was all over with me, and only a question of days when 1 would give np the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the ugouy I was in. I was under him for live or six weeks. He came to thc conclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomoror ataxia, a disease of the spiual cord, charac- terised by peculiar disturbances and gait, and difficulties in co-ordinating voluntary move ments. He told mc that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get thc use of my legs." (Just then tho patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that incdicil opinion ia not infallible.) "Well, just asa drowning man will grasp at a straw I grasped at an idea conveyed by thc advertisement describing the cure effected in the case of auother boilermaker in England, which I read in thc Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial, anyway, and sent for a box. The effect WAS as marvellous as it was magical. 1 was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left thc bed, and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. Yon see these crutches here? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see, I am rapidly regaining my strength." "He is 100 per cent better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken thc baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in al this point said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " hai-c a cold bath, und all thc feeling has come hack in my legs. If 1 keep on going thc way 1 am, I hope to bc abl*» lo resume work as a boiler- maker, and you know 1 have to bc in thc very pink of health and strength tc do work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during thc past Gvo years. I ascribe all the change and benefit ta these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now whatever, and feel like a new man. On the manllepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills, which tho doctor gave mc to deaden the excruciating pain. Hut they eau stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Everyone who knows me has hecn amazed at the change in mc. They can ltanlly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." 