A Niqht Out Fob ingenuity it would be hard to find an equal to A Nigid Out. Every incident dovetails, and there is no looseness of construction to cause the plot to fall to pieces. The weak parts are so wedged together that they become strong. Probability is nothing, possibility everything. A little man very much in terror of abjg wife ; a handsome woman piqued at the coldness of a husband, who no Ion per wears the rose-coloured spectacles of courtship days, a fussy friend with four daughters, and a rat-hole of a restaurant for the locale-such are the component parts of the comedy. Probably the authors, Georges Feydeau and M°urice Desvallierres, got the idea of the restaurant first, probably also they encountered Buch a group on their way there. After that the plot was easy. There is no denying the realism of the restaurant. Whether anybody ever dined or supped at the Hotel Mascotte is not clear-it would seem not, judging from the sample of business shewn in the second act. But many people went there, among others the whole Pinglet and Paillard house holds. The architect is on an ostensible quest for ghost j the hen-pecked husband and the handsome wife have expectations of supper; the fussy.friend and his family hope for a night's lodging, while the olla podrida who furnish the other characters are there because they can create as much noise as they like. One man gets kicked down stairs, two intend ing customers fly the place because of its malodorous reputation, and a troupe of roysterers are shouting "For he's a jolly good fellow!" in seeventeen different keys, while the waiter bores a hole in the wall to hear what is going on in the adjacent room. "With this lively locale the incidents have to be in keeping, and the acting must be livelier still. All these requirements are satisfied . * « Mr. Harry Paulton and his supporters are cease less in their efforts to keep ihe piece moving. There is no straining after points. In fact Mr. Paulton is very much inclined the other way. A minor actor would seize every possible and impossible chance for "business," but Mr. Paulton evidently does not believe in over-elaboration. He is sure of himself, and rightly so. He has something of Mr. Toole's leisurely ways, a great deal of Mr. Elton's humour and power of facial expression, and just a remini scence of poor Fred Marshall. But over and above all this, Mr. Paulton has a style of his own, which, while it never becomes aggressive, will always cling to one's recollections of him. Pinglet, the master-builder, is what Mr. Paulton makes him, solid, slow of speech, commonplace and matter-of faofc to,the verge of insanity, and yet life-like enough to be recognizable as a character study. Miss Alma Stanley has much more difficult work as Marcelle Paillard. She has to maintain the intensity of the character with very little "business" to help her. She is on the stage throughout the second act, and no one can fail to be struck with her first quality of naturalness. Mr. Cecil "Ward (Paillard) is so familiar with the canons of farcioal comedy, if far cioal comedy have canons, that he becomes a tower of strength to the company. His example impels others to look deeper into their work. Mr. Ernest Shand aB Mathieu, the fussy friend, plays accord ing to conventional rules for depicting an elderly gentleman, and his family of four daughters are personated also according to rule, and a very good rule too, by MisseR Joey Cassellis, Lila Clifton, Florrie M'Rae and Carrie Moore, who make as lovely a quartette in tan and green velvet as can be imagined Mrs. Edwin Bryer plays the dragon wife well, without making her too vixenish, and Miss Louie Stafford gets through her part in a pretty wallcing lady fashion. Both she and Mr. Hans Phillips are too tall for the parts they take, but that is not their fault. Mr. Phillips has over and over again been chosen for " schoolboy " characters, and never with out success. One of the cleverest scraps of char acter acting in the comedy is contributed by Mr. Fred Cambourne as the French waiter at the Hotel Mascotte. Voice, accent, gesture, and humour are all there, and, as the part is effectively written, Mr. Cambourne makes the most of his own talents and the materials given hiuuby the authors. Similarly of Mr. Albert Whelan, whoRe bow-legged prancing up and down stairs, occasions any amount of mirth. Then there are Mr. George Bryer (a fire-escape agent), Mr. Edwin Lester (a fiery Italian), Mr. Bathurst, looking like Mr. George Rignold, aa a sergeant of police, Mr. Arnold Denham of the comedy theatre, Mr. J. I-Iutohlngs, who heads a group of porters carrying a ton or two of luggage, and Miss Lncy Cobb, who gets a good effect out of a very fragmentary part. Finally, the soenory of A. Niglvt Out, prepared by the Gordons, from London models. 