ah^nngjoannfto aiLpcipleXwho^wVtpJgo town the dip and climb'Ae ris^' between ^e nA^mifi* urn] T- in ?i?iVi»i ???? I nil 'ana ?nrliiftfKf'r flfli Foot,' horse, or vehicle, to i^'ibt^t^iiy, Council prpposesto raise tbe roadway 0 inchJes.; The City Surveyor has been instrocted';to.;re| porton the matter'. .'/; ?,-?'-./;??' £$*$;& Pobltrt asb Mair— It was reporisd^to. the City Council on Monday that dnring^tlJe* post fortniphttbo poultry in all the. salerooms md the meat exposed' for sale ^Wfiin the mtoher'a shops: were fit for 'human*; con; umption, although many of the carctysea wero n medium condition. Th« animals have 'not' lad time to fatten oh the grass from recent ?ains. .-.??'??. *-'\,C ;.':'? '-V;.- '.-??' -,,'V ?' '.'?? IX- ?{,'.'?.' Hiwuxc cr TraCrnv-^Tne Ci^y ; ConnjA i*» beoB much troubled prer the question of -treet hawkers, aad somo of the members dis M«ed -the mattar yesterday in * desultory nip. ' .It^w'ni^'ytKaJi/'iheV'atiait^wk^M ui a general rule did ' not pay licences or ?ates,_and that thcro were some who competed igainst iogitimate .business by' selling their perishable waros-t extremely low prices; and rao Councillor wont so far as to RUggest that KJTj'esty was not always their strict policy. Chis vaguely ' presented charge another sember resented as being, unfair to a toilinjr ilaw, working long for little profit. The result bi 'the ditcuskion was that tho quea fcion: 'of „ iicensbg people, to hawk in the nty was submitted to a committee of -tho 'nil CounciL , . V '-^ ? ' , ;-. : . ; : ??? ' r&}~^: The. Accidkxt; ix the SzxnsG'-VmJi.^ Sir. Hooper, who had a fall from ^ The Ghost ttSaturday1! bunt, was taken to Mi«sWilsOQ- Private Hospital, Norwood, where, it^was Found that be. had snitained an internal Injury. The patient is, however, doing well, rad it is expi&ted; that in a fortnight be will be able to leave tbe hospital. A Fatal Railway Acode.t. — A fatal railway accident happened between Croydon ind Kilkenny on Monday afternoon. Michael ttoGee, an employe of the Railway Depart ment, bad, with others been picking up btray railway sleopor?. In attempting to get into ano of the trucks- after it had beguu to move be [ell off, and boiore the engine could bo stopped the wheels of two trucks had passed over him. He was immediately conveyed to the Ac^ laide Hospital, whore be succumbed to hia injuries. An inquest will be held at the Hospital at 3 o'clock this afternoon. RCTFIAXBSI AT THE GZSTB&L; MaBKCT.— There was an unusually large gathering —judging from outward : appearances .the crowd was composed principally of members of the. larrikin daes— outside the City Police Court building on; Monday morning, when John Masters and James Bonn bad to answer charges of having assaulted P.O. Walsh and Turner while in the exeeation of their duty at the Central Market on Saturday, July 3. Acting nnder instructions, tho police refused the privilege of witnessing tbe Court proceod inga to ( the majority of what a prominent genfleman described as ' sympathizers with the .defendants.0 Constables Walsh and Turner, who bore marks of having been eeverely dealt with, tbo former having a cut nnder the eye and the latter a black eye, gave evidchco regarding the arrest They said that on tho way to .the watchhunso the arrested men continually urged their companions to attack tho two policemen, but their courage failed as they approached tbe Police Station. Severe sontences ? were inflicted ou both men. MyIcsFlynn.for having assaulted Detective Jones, was also fined £10 or in default three months in gaol with hard labour. The DtsABiunEs or Fbexch Woses.'— We scarcely realize, perhaps, remarks an exchange, how great are tbe disabilities uudcr which women labour in some Euro pean countries. In France, for instance, as Madame Adam tolls us, a wifo has no legal right to any of her earnings, all of which belong to her uusband. Even an authoress, if married, cannot lay claim to the produce of her brain and peu. Her hus band not only. can seize all the profits, but can actually issue editions of his wife's work in his owu u&me.; This actually was tbe persona] experience .of Madamo Adam, who, when only 33 years old, printed her *'Idees Anti Proudhouniennes.' The first edition sold out, and nor husband, who was a lawyer, discovered that tbe work belonged to bun. He there upon pockoted the profits iu the hands of the publisher and . placed bis own name on tho cover of the second-edition of tho liitlobook. In spite of legalized injustice such as this Ma dame Adam acies mgns of great improvement. Womon in Franco .have. slowly emancipated ibeuJhelves, and Madamo Adam considers that (be two chief agent* in this good work have been the Franco-Prussian War ..and the bicycle. During tho siege of Paris the middle class woman showed herself to be equal, if not superior, to man, by her courage, patriotism, charity, end endurance. These women canto forth from coxnfortablo homes to name tho sick at the hospitals aad ambulauos^'aud men thec learned to respect theso bravo creatures for other qualities than merely external one*. As for tbe benefits confoncil by the bicycle, thoy aro not confined to any one nation, ssill to French women the wheel has meant more tBan tow. It has been an initiation into the equal rights of women, and thoy will not rest until they have obtained their goaL ; ? ;: Salk or FcBNiTORn.— We have been re quested to call special attention to Messrs.* il. J. Solomon & Oo.;s sale at the iixcbanjre-robm. Town ilall, to be held this day. Tbe loom baa been transformed into a beautifully furnished residence, and the furniture and effects are;. of all tho latest designs. They are all to be absolutely sold. Old IurEKrAi- Soldiers. — The arrange ments for entertaining tbe old Imperial soidien who aro in the colony aro iioarly com pleted. It is proposed to have a reseotion at tho Imperial Hotel on July IT. after Which the Scotch ripen* BanU and the Military. Band wQl lead the voteraas to Government House.. 'Trrc ^?ew Lir.ar on the Old Testa xkst.'— From Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son we have reueived a reprint of an adriresn on tbfl abovo rabjeet which the Rov. Edward Taylor gave from the chair oi thu Congregaticnal Union of Victoria on April 20, 1897. Qcees Margabet West G.JI. Co.— A meeting of shareholders of this Company wiU be held on Thnrsday. In the lisr of the week's engagements publinhcd in The RrjitUt of Mouday tho Company was inadvertently referred to as Queen Margaret G.M. Com pany. ? Broken Hili. Wateu Sctplt. LiMrrm Tho iingineor telc^aplis :— Totai quantity ol water conauiocd duriujj tbe taontli of .June amounted to U.lSe.200 piUoos. Otl- SOLDIEBS* JCEILSB YCSV. — Fi G. Cnlloy, 5s. ? ? ' , ?;. p ? ? ; y ~lC :?')?'}. Farmers' Fanx— Thos. Gresory,.£i..:^' 