[?] tbtr wen talkinK ahoat tcaibb thlegs. They wme all -young, men, and Ktetf them : Aed jiut finished a atory of »|ifck'!*iii*,k* been (camft to death by a ghoet. Kot coe -J th, par^ woald own tbat 'helidwndiiiihe anpernattutl, bat Hie whole crowd waa screed that tbere 'tie things that oaimot Blirayibe eoooonted for. Finally tbey got to of actual eapertenn*. Thfc ootcome wis' that there were three atories told. All ot thea were vouched for. Tbeee an the etaiae -— ONDBB TBB BBIDGB. . Some yean ego io SooeneWurejt young mio drove out' iota) the country to mo hi* awM- thesrt. At midnight he started botno mrd. It iru a dark night, bat tbe yoacg maa drove a pair of spirited hones and made good time ontil ha reached tbe outakirts of his hocoe towa. The only way he ooald get hotne was to drive along the . bank of a river and then pass nadir a bridge that spanned it. When he reached tbe bridge it was to dark he tut orally slowed up bis team. To bis anrprise, when he started lo drive under the bridge hia team ?hovad aigm of sot wantiog to go on. Ha aBowed the hones to hav« tbeir own way for a time, and then eteing tbay did not aeoa in oli»d to go oo he oora manned to Dice tbem. Still tbey did not go oo. Ha wnspatiecttor several minutes, and tben made up his mind that the kasts must prooeed. The team, however, would not bodge a atap forward, hit when urged teemed to torn aroond This move oonld not be made, howrrer, without great danger, u the carriage waa too near Ihe tWar bank, tfo, aher w(4iig was tw waa not likely to do maeti good Iran it, ttejtw* maa nligUed and west to tbo bead* of his hums. To his pat eur-«iee be fos&d; both aoimala ntn in a foam, aad Oat he knew there waa eoma reixn loc the efamngt atata uf affairs. Tbey wm plainly fagbtaaad. Be j aoMbtd them a* wall aa be roold, and then be tried to uijge then forward, a&orted; witb terror, tnatU in every Umb, and with dumb eloqaeaos begged not to beforeedtogo aboad. But the young mati bad to get bome. Ha goiia front of the boaee' beads, took each animal by tbe bit, and started to back into darkorsa. Bis band aeemed to reconcile tbe boraea, aad they moved after tbeir master, i Tbey west aloaly, to be eve, bat tbey did move, and as they went the man efaeeied tbem. j Step |-J aiep tbe maa and berm mt along. Thay OaaUy reeded the Huknt part of the darkaaa, tbe nan still walkisg backward and palling « hia bones' heada. t-*dd«sdy ana vt tba horses gare a wild snort, reared high ia tbe air, and came near get lug away tnm his maatar. Hia man tamed, and as be did ao, to Ua tanor, felt himsaU atrock m tbe (aca. It waa not a hartl blow, hut it was bard enough to cane Mmtocry out, more io fright than in pain. Thm he rmcbed Mt in the dark to graap tb« thinirthat bad a truck him. Bia bad found it. It waa a hasan foot. A nan bad hanged bimaeJf from tbe bridge, and his body swung just over tbe middle of the roadway. How tbe young man reached his bome la never knew. His hair, bowerer, did not turn white, nor did be berome a raring maniae, but, although be has lived in the same village, ever since, be has nerer passed under tbst bridge. THROUllH THE NIGHT. Two fouog men once lived together in the northern suburbs uf London. Ow of u—™ waa in love with a girl Bite didnt care for him, but be didn't know it. 80 be went on and on keep ing in iora. One morning about one o'clock one of tbe young ma came tome and found his rootn-mate who was in love iu bed at usual. Tbe yonug man eat dowu and n«d for an hour, asA then Lo went to bed. At nine o'clock next morn ing he woke up, aod to his bOrpriae found that' bia partner had not yet got up. He thought it waa atnuigc, bat supposed that the young man knew his busineas and would get up when be waa ready to do ao. Bo he dressed, and was just about to leave the room when be thought perbape bia rooffl tnate was oversleeping himself. So he spoke to him. He got no response. Then he spoke u'.i iu, this time loud enough lo awak n anyone who was aaleep. There was no anawer. Then be ate pped to tbe bed and gave bis partner a shake. There waa no misukiiig the fact that tha man was dead. Oo the table in the'room was a note telling why the foolish fellow had takea hia own life. He had found out that tbe girl did uot care for him, and tbat si ttled it with him for all time. Tbe man wbo bad slept with the dead body cot over the frieht h« hail ». eeived in time, but he often wiudera why he did uot see the note his friend left for him tell ing bim of his aot aod why he bad killed him self. A DISSECTING-ROOM HTORY. The teller of thii storv and another student were . to do wrao work in the disweting-room. His friend waa not ready to go to work, ao he went in ahead and prtpured himself for tbe ghastly job. It was late at night, but thia ia not suppj.od to make any difference to modical stndi-uts, who are not, as a rule, troubled with anything like a squeamish feeling. The young uian was waiting for his friend to come, aod i waa standing on tbe slab on which rested the ' subject ' on which they were to work. Scattered nhout the room were various things wbicb shooed what the place was used for Tbe stuiknt was smoking. He waa thinking of no- , thicg in particular. Hudiicnly he brard a grat ing noise. It was slight, but unmistakable. At tirst he paid no attention to it. Then, io a dim «ort of way, it occurred to him that it waa a rat. | Presently the noise tren louder. He looked around biui. It sremed to come from a corner. He lirtftned closely for tbe noise, and tben be wss sure that it came from that corner. He looked closely, aud theu he thought he aaw some movemeut in the corner. Be stepped closer to the spot, and tben be waa aure there was somethiox there tbat mi alive. * Still, he was not frightenid in tiie least. He was a brave youup fellow, and waa inajined to investigate the thing that wss canting him ao much guesting. But in another instant be aaw saitetbing that waa startling. A skull waa' moving oat of its plaoe in the corner, and was slowly coming over the floor tuwardH bim. It waa grating along, and the sight and aoand wss more than the yoaog stud ent wax able to endue. Ilia bravery vaniabed, be gave a cry, fell to the Uoor in a dead faint, and as be dropped a huge rat aommbled from under the ghutiy thing and scampered to iU I bole. Tbe young man got ovar his fright in a few weeks, but he adopted another profcoaioo. 