[Chapter XVII.— (Continued;) After breakfast Mrs. Langrishe had to interview_ her cook and give her orders for the dinner this evening. I made use of the liberty given me to explore, the outdoor premises. I saw a cow grazing'in the paddock and two or three horses. There was a poultry yard also ' and a range of stables- and coach-houses shut in by a high stone wall from the kitchen garden and adjoining orchard. From nowhere else, ; except the front of the house, was the sea visible. Far off, _a range of mountains stood \- up against the misty sky. I knew the ^Black Water divided them from "ioughal. Near as ' they looked they stood in County-Waterford, hut geography is not my strong point, so I will . only say that they looked as if they belonged to Youghal and its county. Leaving the orchard,-1 .took my way down the avenue by which we approached the house from the main road. In this sultry July morning it was delightful to wander under the,cool shade of ' the . thickly- planted trees. Overhead the " branches met arid ^interlaced, shutting out the hot sunshine with their lovely , green leafage, ■ I. strolled slowly along until I.came to the ■lodge;''1' -\\-, '' Standing in the doorway was the same evil \- looking'old womanT-had noticed'the previous ■ evening." As she heard my- step-she looked ' sharply'at me. : She'was knitting'and her j neodles mo ved swiftlyand mechanically amidst ■ • the grey wool I paused a moment and wished • hergood:morning. -She gave it briefly. Foran ■ Irish woman this surprised - me. > I lingered i still, asking a few-questions, as to the road and ' distance from the town. V "I suppose you live here ?' I said, after she . had answered-nie. I do, JBiss. I've-lived here since the W t' " ~ master tooK the house. I knew his family well "lis the sad changes I've seen amongst them '• one and all. He's the last of them now, is Mister James, and sorra a ohick or a child coming, to kape -the old name up. The mis ■ tress is but a poor, delicate crature. God help her1. You're not belongin' to .her, I suppose, "No," I said. "I'm only a' friendI ve • come to stay and look after her for a while." "Indade, thin, she nades it; sorely she does. 'Tis a lonesome life she's had av it, as Moll ' Duggan knows. ■' And though-she's English , and qnare in her ways, and none too much liked in the place, yet she's a kind way wid her—and she's had her own troubles, too. They'll come to us—r ich or poor; and Em sorry for her since the child died. She's not the same at all, miss—not at all." - "It was a great pity,_ I am sure," I said. "She hqs told me about it." "It's not often she'll speak av it, poor soul! I hear she's mended grand since she wint away • to the mountains. Shure 'twas a poor ghost " av a thing-she was ' leavin' here. I niver thought to see anythihg-hut her coffin brought ?; hack.' No life or strength in her at all, there ■ wasn't." • 1 " . 1- . " Well, • she's very different • npw," I said ■ cheerfully. "And I hope she'll keep so. Her husband is a, very clever doctor, isn't he?" , She shot a swift glance at me. _ ■ "That's as may be," she said cautiously. " How would I be knowin' whether, lie's clever or not? Shure, 'tis only the quality has the grand ■ diseases. The dispensary does for the likes av us .whirl we're sick." "Do you live her quite alone?' I asked, by Way of changing the conversation. Her. restless fingers stayed a moment. The sunlight flashed on the 'long bright needles. " ." "What would the likes av me, be wantin' • wid company?" she said. ' ''I thought," I said, "you-might have had : children—or grandchildren." Her face darkened. She said no further word, but went quickly within and'.shut the half-door of fchfs little lodge after her. ■ y ' lavas'astonished. It is rare for the Irish of ■ her class t,o take offence at enquiries respecting ' either their families or-affairs, .but she ap • peared to have done so for some-unexplained reason.' I walked on to the entrance gates and, : stood a moment there, debating whether I ' - should venture down the long hot road.- As I stood I heard the sound of - wheels behind me.: I looked back and saw Dr. Langrishe driving a dogcart, with a man behind him. 1 stepped aside, but as he saw uie he drew rcin._ . "Iam going on my rounds," he said ; " can ' I drive you' to the town ? . It is rather a Ions jvalk on such a hot day." . ' I agreed at once and sprang '.upon the high step with alacrity. 1 loved driving, and we howled rapidly ' along,^turning off at right angles to the road we had traversed the evening of our arrival. "I have to call at .a house near. here,", he said, "Lady Ffolliott's. I won't be a moment. • I have only to give her a message from my wife." .' • - ■ ■ '•••■• ' : • - I was all curiosity. What I liad heard of ' Lady Efolliott had interested me so much that ' I longed-to see her. I hardly expected,- how ever, to do that unless she happened to he in the grounds. . Werirove through an avenue of • sycamore trees and-came out before, an impos ' ing-looking building, double-fronted, with a massive porch and beautifully laid out grounds " surrounding it. On the smooth emerald green lawn strutted 1 a magnificent peacock, its brilliant, plumage spread to the ■ not sunshine and, standing on v the broad stone steps, feeding the lovely vain creature with cake, which she scattered on the turf, was a woman. Such a woman! I have never been given" to rapture over my \- sex—pretty faces and lovely forms are common enough iu Ireland—hut this woman almost ' took my breath away. She was so beautiful. She was very tall and yet so exquisitively pro- ■; ; portioned, one would not have her height'a, shade less.' I think, though, the most wonder ful thing about her was her hair. • It was of a . ■ ruddy, red-gold color, twisted and coiled about her shapely head in perfect masses. -The suu-1 ' shine streamed down on; it, making yet more ■ rich and vivid its glorious color, "and the sofb-j waves and tendrils that softened her brow. \- The coloring of her face was - lovely—dead creamy white, with a faint bloom on the cheeks which deepened into crimson on tho mouth. She wore a white gown, severely simple, "hut showing to perfection . the shape of her figure and the warm ivory of the throat. ' As we drove up she looked straight at us. She did not move, only a faint smile touched the curves of her mouthy and her lifted eyes of : dark, almost purple blue, revealed a sort of amused curiosity. They were as lovely a^ everything else belonging to ■ her, fringed by 1 ■ darklasbes that curled upward. "Ah, doctor, good morning," she said, and I almost started at her voice. It "spoil the ■ whole chann of the picture. It was hard, metallic, with a strange "accent to which I was unaccustomed.^ It struck'me, as a first im . pressiqn, that it was not the voice of a lady. . "What brings you to Durrus so early I" she went on. "No bad news, I hope?" " No," he. said, throwing the rams to the \- man who had sprung to the horse's head. "I . have only come with a message." • He jumped. down from his high seat and approached her. I. noted they did not shake • hands, but passed into the porch together, he talking earnestly. . Now, I suppose I have no business to relate , my impressions in detail .in these pages,-and yet I could, not help the. strange "feeling that came .oyer me asl watched those two figures, r They were both so . handsome, they looked so ■ splendidly matched in height, looks, and • physique^ and they seemed on such remarkably \- : good terms with one - another. The' thought •(uppermost. in m'y, mind was that I was glad '■ I wns'vhot James Langrishe's; wife: It was ; foolish, no doubt, but then these pages will be. a record of foolishness, so a little more or less to the general amount won't matter. -The ' " message took about a quarter of an hour to •' deliver.1 -Then he came out alone, mounted to his seat, and we drove off.' , "So that——" I said as we trotted down the .avenue, "so that-is Lady Efolliott. - Mrs. Langrishe spoke about her as a near neighbor and a great horsewoman. . She did not pre pare for a great beauty also." . He looked at me quickly. . ' "You think-her handsome, do* you? I thought, women were always unappreciative -1 of each other's good looks." \- "One would have to be blind," I said, ' "not to acknowledge Lady Ffolliott's; She is the handsomest woman I ever saw in my life." "And'nob an 'if or a 'but' to qualify that • opinion?" he asked ironically. ■ "No,"Isaid. ' "Ithinknot; Of course, I don't know her yet. Some faces gain by repose and lose by expression. I can't tell if ■ she is a picture or a statue till I speak to her." "You will have that opportunity to-night," : he said. "She is to dine with us. " And you ■ will hear .her sing, too. She has a glorious voice."' ;' I thought of the speaking voice that had been so harsh and grating, but I was wise enough to say nothing on that score. ; . "I did not introduce you," he went on. ''I reserved that till you were on her own level. It would have been absurd calling out names with you at that elevation."' " Yes,I agreed.: "Even if she noticed me, of which I have grave doubts." " Ob, she did," he said quickly. " She . asked who you were—at once."- : "Then she must.he-Irish," I said, laughing. " Of course she is. Did you suppose " " Her accent puzzled 'me," I said, as he " paused. "I couldn't quite make it out" ' . He said no more, only touched the horse with the whip and sent us spinning along the' white shadeless. road with renewed speed." : "Are you goiijg to the town ?':I asked, for.I liate silence, and he. at all events had not an ■unmusical voice or an accent that one could Uut with a'khife: -• : ; "Yes," lie said. . "To the chemist's. I want- some drugs-and I have a consultation later oh. By-the-bye"—and he slackened speed and checked the horse to a walk—" how. long did Mrs. Langrishe continue to take that medi cine I sent '-I had been looking straight ahead, for a glimpse of the river shone brightly in the dis-' tance and- the sloping hills alid wide green country dotted with white farmhouses on the Waterford side made a lovely picture in the foreground. . - As he spoke, however, I glanced at him. His lips were set tight together and I noted a curious white line round the lower one. It faded' away as the pressure of the upper lip lessened. _ ' .-••• "The medicine," I said vaguely. "Oh, of course, ! remember. The bottle "got broken.. Id was all spilt." ■ ■ . "Not the second one !" he said sharply. "Oh, no. That was all right. But by the tihie it arrived Mrs. Langrishe' was so much better that she did not need it. I believe it is at Glengarriff still. We meant to bring it, but forgot." ,, . - He gave the horse a sudden savage lash that sent it flying down the hill. I caught the side of the dog-cart with a little cry of terror. The jerk had almost unseated me. 1 Have I ever said Dr. Langrishe was hand some?; In that moment his face showed the savage, brutalferocity of a devil.: , ' (To he continued.) ■ - 