BAPTIST CHURCH. The services at the Baptist Church on Sunday were conducted by Mr. H. A. Long, of Glasgow, who, it will be remembered, visited Ipswich some eleven years ago. In the morning there was a fairly good con gregation, and the rev, gentleman read from the third chapter of Genesis, giving a run ning commentary thereon. The text of his sermon jwas taken from Judges vi., 386.40. The preacher, in reference to the fleece of wool on the floor, alluded to the fleece as representing the Jews and the floor the Gentiles. The fleece being wet with the dew of heaven was representative of the Jews at that time being under the favour of God; and in verse 40 the present state of things was illustrated, the dew being on the ground, while it was dry upon the fleece only. The mantle of Elijah falling upon Elisha also came under notice, and also the dividing of the waters of Jordan. We should have Christ, the evidence of atone ment, in our hearts, so that when we came to cross the Jordan of death the waters would divide and we should pass over on dry land into the city of our inheritance, the Canaan, the promised land. The afternoon service was abandoned, as many of the Church people were desirous of attending the funeral of Mr. W. 0. Nosworthy, son of Mr. 11. Nosworthy. At night the church was full, and Mr. Long read from Acts vi. and vii., giving an exposition of those portions of Scripture. He preached from Acts vii., 55-" BuI he, bhiing full of the Holy Ghost, looked up stedfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God." The martyrdomn of Stephen was the subject, and the speaker sketched the condition of things that existed at that period, showing the deplorable moral state of the Jews-in setting up false witnesses against Stephen in the same manner as against Christ, the very judge, as well as the people, desiring his death. Reference was made to the vision of Stephen, which was only apparent to him and not to those who surrounded him-Christ standing at the right hand of God viewing Stephen, as it were, humanly speaking in danger and yet not really in danger, showing His readiness to help His people in their needs. He concluded by drawing at tention to the fact of Stephen falling asleep, as entering into the peace of Christ which passeth all understanding. He remarked that one of the most precious statements in the Bible to him--and one which if le repeated it imny, many times would still be very precious--was that " the dead in Christ shall ist first." The dis courses were deliverred with much earnest. Hess, and were listened to very attentively. 