In Memoriam MR. JOHN DELVES. The Manning River Circuit has sus- tained a severe loss by the death of one of its oldest local preachers, Bro. John Delves. For forty years past Bro. Delves rendered good service to our church as a hearty and consistent member, and an acceptable local preacher. In his prime he was a man of great physical vigour, gifted with a kind heart, a stentorian voice, and an immense capacity for work. On the last Sunday in January, the Rev. E. King conducted a memorial service in our church in Jones' Island, and a worthy tribute was paid to the memory of our deceased brother. John Delves was born at Worthing, in Sussex, Eng- land, January 21st, 1819, came to Sydney in 1838, settling there for one year, being in the employ of Messrs. Lamb and Co., and subsequently taking up farming pursuits at Bulwarra, on the Hunter, till the year 1857, when, with a strong contingent of Hunter River families, he came to the Manning, settling on the farm which he cultivated the rest of his days as health permitted. He died on the 12th January last, full of years, and after a very lengthened period of bodily affliction and suffering. He leaves behind the fragrance of a devoted, godly life. His memory will long be cherished as that of an excep- tionally good man by all whose privilege it was to be acquainted with him. No more fitting tribute to his worth can be paid than applying to him St. Luke's testimony concerning Barnabas : 'He was a good man, aud full of the Holy Ghost, and of faith, aud much people was added unto the Lord. — Acts xi. 22." He was converted to God in England. It is related how, after many days spent in groping after the light, and having obtained the evidence of sins forgiven, and lost it again, that he spent three hours in the stable where he had been feeding his master's horses, in agonizing prayer, till once again and for ever the consciousness of pardoning love sprang up in his soul. Thereafter he was a changed man, and throughout life maintained his Christian steadfastness. Some 48 years ago he went on the plan as a local preacher on trial, and later, was ad- mitted into tbe ranks of the fully accredited brethren. He did noble service — true pioneer work — in the then Maitland circuit, and on the Manning since. He was the first to preach the Gospel on Jones' Island. Taking his stand, in the open air, under the shade of some trees at a spot near Croki, the stentorian voice of John Delves peeled forth the message of God's love to a world of sinners. God blessed him with a wonderful voice, its ringing tones could be heard at incred- ible distances. He was a most acceptable man in the different pulpits of this circuit. He was a man of two books — the Bible and the Wesleyan hymn book, and few could equal him in thorough acquaintance with and aptness in quotation therefrom. The class meeting was highly appreciated by him ; for many years he was leader of one, and till failing health entirely prevented, met his members week by week. He was a warm friend and faithful adviser. It was always an inspira- tion to be in his company. He always had very humble views of himself ; he was ever retiring, and never sought praise. In his style of preaching he never aimed at doing or saying what would please his hearers ; what he used to say or do was, he believed, consistent with the will of God. In that spirit he conscientiously attended to all his appointments, walking at times distances of 12 and 15 miles and back in fulfilling them; and in the early days, before roads and bridges were formed, travelling great distances in his boat up and down the river to do his work for God. Some nine years ago he ceased to preach, failing health completely un- fitted him for work, but those nine years have a record ! What sufferings he endured, and so uncomplainingly ! He seized every opportunity that came in his way of cheering, comforting, and strengthening his fellow Christians, and speaking a word for his Master to the unconverted. And such a life of use- fulness was not resultless. He has many stars in the crown of his rejoicing which he has gone to wear. His last moments were full of suffering, but throughout he maintained a remarkable cheerfulness and peace of soul. One recalls the words of Young in thinking of those days of the dying saint, ' The chamber where the good man meets his fate is privileged beyond the common walk of virtuous life, quite on the verge of heaven.' Several tributes to the worth of the deceased have been supplied by former ministers of this circuit. 