FLOCK AND HEED. By DKUNL DIBFERgAL OF A SHORTHORN STUD. It is always with great regret umi jl «u nounce the breaking up of a high- class .stud, and particularly of a stud of cattle. During the last ten years Victorian cattle have degenerated greatly. The old-estab lished studs of shorthorns, once so nume rous, and of such a high standard of ex cellence, have faded out of existence one by one, till those that arc left could be counted on the fingers of one hand. Un fortunately, with the advent of dairying, the mistaken notion took possession of the owners of dairy herds that what are called the beef breeds of cattle are useless as sires For daiiy stock. Mongrel bulls have come into fashion, and if the system of breeding continues that has been in practice for the last decade, Victoria will, in a few years, become noted for raising the very worst cattle in the world. It is not so long ago since we raised large numbers of stud bulls to improve the herds in the other colonies. ? Now our studs are "woefully reduced in ; numbers, and the few we have left are not permanent. Among the breeders of the lordly shorthorn I know of no one who : has been more enthusiastic, or who took ; more pains to keep his stock up to a high standard, than Mr. J. G. Brisbane. In; forming his herd he selected his foundation stock from the famous old studs bred by . Mr. Richard Morton, of Mount Derrimut,' and Messrs. Robertson Bros., of Colac. I _ doubt if he could have chosen better had; he searched through all the best Etuds of, the old country. The families he selected j Were the Jessamines, Rosas, Letitias, and j Eummertons. To mate with these, Oxford, ? Brunswick, Geneva, and Butterfly bulls' ."were chosen. That he selected high-class . Bires may be gathered from the fact that. for three stud bulls he paid 600 guineas,' 925 guineas, and 1,250 guineas respectively. The bull at present at the head of the stud is Oxford's Duke 22nd, bred by Mr. J. F. j Reid, of Elderslie, New Zealand, by Lord Red Rose 2nd from Red Rose of Oxford 5th. Many of the females in this herd are famous milkers, and some would prove for midable competitors in a milking contest. The dispersal of this herd is necessitated by the expiration of Mr. Brisbane's lease, consequently the sale will be without re serve. The sale, which has been entrusted, to Messrs. Edward Trenchard and Co.,) will be held on November 18, at Mr. John : James's cattle sheds, Riccarton, Alvie,: cbout ten miles from Colac. AGED STALLIONS. In the sixth report of the Royal Com- j mission on Horse Breeding there are three, recommendations made with regard to pre- j mium stallions:-1. To disqualify unfruit- j ful stallions. 2. To limit the age of stal-: Hons. 3. To reduce the premium horses' that do not serve the prescribed number of mares. The subject of these recommenda-: tions has been ably dealt ?with by a writer, in the "Live Stock Journal" over the sig-, nature of "John Bull." In referring to the , Erst recommendation he makes the follow-! ing remarks on the absurd system of judg ing premium stock:-"If the horses' 6ys-! tem be disorganised by fatting up to catch! the judge's eye, he may secure a premium, \ but that unnatural treatment may dis-' organise his reproductive powers, and j cause him to leave a large proportion of j barren mares, but if properly shown in i something like a hunter's condition, the' barren mares would greatly decrease, but ] the horse would get no premium. Such ' is the public opinion arid the judging of j the present day, that no poor horse, how- i ever good, has a ghost of a chance, and j condemnation awaits any judge who dares J to hand him a rosette." Thus we see that ? the object for which the judging was in stituted is foiled by the manner in whifch the judging is done. With respect to the second recommendation, the writer makes some very interesting remarks. He points ' out that no one would breed from crest fallen, decrepid stock, and that ?well- in formed breeders do not send old mares to old horses, but when a horse has proved himself at the stud, and is not old in constitution, though advanced in years, he should not be disqualified. Mr. Chap lin's Derby winner Hermit and Mr. Tuf fitfs hackney .stallion Fireaway are quoted as instances of aged horses proving valuable sires. Most horse-breeders will agree with the following remarks on this subject: "Horses are bred and bought without any regard ^ to longevity and long usefulness. -There- is no reason why a horse should be trorn out and die before he is a dozen. .Why not encourage the strains that do .fifteen years' work. Old stallions often re present the hardy breeds that live long and .wear well, and if you throw them out by their years, without regard to their vitality and energy, you will be taking a further step towards the annihilation of the best .wearing breeds. ... I therefore recom mend that the age of the stallion shall not disqualify, but that bis age and breeding records (as far as possible) be supplied to jthe judges.^ With respect to the third re commendation, it is pointed out that if few -subsenpiqns copje in, the owner is at con ' ble losa, and that the loss of the pre /be -unfair treatment. Never beeBiSfc fetich attention paid to f in -35urope as at the ^present ^jOonJanent, the vairious Go ' Only keeping up exten large sums of f j^ntiin ihe purchase of, st class, aind ,these animals fedtose-breeders atftWoderate fee. In| l ope- & tbefineet horse .aimnlyJ ~i 4eterl0r&&on; of our I horse stock has been going on at a rapid pace many years. There is no restriction on the keeping of -worthless stallions, and no encouragement given to those who wish to breed good horses. SELLING CATTLE BT LIVE WEIGHT. It is a curious circumstance connected ; with the sale of cattle in Britain, that: selling by live weight, notwithstanding its j manifest advantages, has not taken on with i the British cattle-breeders and feeders, j , The Royal Commission on Agriculture in | England report:-"We heartily recommend | the selling by live weight, believing that it | ' is greatly to the vendor's advantage that his | stock should be sold under that system." j In America the ranchemen and feeders buy j all cattle by weight, and the system is now in general practice in that countty. That the farmers are bad judges of weight the ! wide margins at the guessing competitions fully prove. It must be admitted that the live weight of an animal is only one factor ; in arriving at its value; the quality of the animal must be also taken into considera tion. For instance, a raw-boned mongrel ' bullock may weigh more than a choice well ; bred shorthorn or Devon steer, but he is not therefore more valuable to the butcher. Skill and judgment in stock are quite as : necessary in buying cattle by live weight as under the old system. In the United States, stores, half-fats, and fats are ap : parently sold in mobs by live weight, but ! there are no reports as to the quality of j the animals in the various lots, or, indeed, if ' quality is taken into consideration. In the _ system of cattle husbandry which is prac tised in Australia the selling of cattle by \ weight is not likely to become general, : nevertheless the sale of cattle by live : weight would be as advantageous to the ' Australian grazier as it is to the British or | American feeder. It would be a great satis ; faction to the seller to know exactly what his beasts weigh, instead of, as at present, merely making a guess at it. Under our present system, as in the old country, the butcher has the best of the bargain, as he is a much better judge of the weight of j cattle than either the agent or the grazier, j 