of How Spiders Go Ballooning. is > 8 I had climbed up the side of a canon in the Sierra Nevada, and sat looking up the green river that wound its way into the range, when my eye caught what appeared to be a dainty bit of lace floating along. On it came, so steadily that it seemed possessed with a certain intelligence, neither rising nor falling, as stray bits of chaff or down are went to do, but moving in a direct line. No sooner had it passed than another came into view, then another and then all at once the space between the two banks seemed filled with the floating objects which might have been the ghosts of fairies so delicate were they. As one floated quite near me I put out my hand to catch it. Then I found that I had arrested a veritable balloon in its progress-an animal balloon, made by a delicate little aeronaut. I reached out and caught another. It too, was a balloon, and it dawned upon me that I was watching the passage of myriads of aeronauts that were being drawn up the narrow canon by the current of air that flowed along so silently. But who were the aeronauts ? None than spiders, each balloon being occupied by one and I realised that is was almost; remarkable race, in which thousands of balloonists were taking part. As one of the delicate structures drifted against my arm the aeronaut stepped deftly from the car, and for a moment stood still, so that I had a rare chance to examine the dainty craft and navigator of the air. The balloon was a bill, or rather platform of fluffy web or silk that resembled spun glass, and quite large enough to afford the spider ample room to rest upon. This platform corresponds to the core or basket of a balloon. As another ball came floating by I discovered attached to it a slender thread of silk that seemed to be the supporting medium. It extended directly upwards and bent in the breeze, forming a delicate perpendicular column or sail. The little insect crawled up to the highest point of my coat-sleeve, then raising its spionarets aloft, ejected a delicate thread. Every second it grew longer, and as it grew it rose directly upwards as it was vastly higher than the air. Up it went, higher and higher every moment, until I judged it to be three feet long, and then a very curious thing occured. The spider was almost lifted from his legs. Another second passed, and then he appeared to be lifted again ; then he turned and ran a few steps directly up the thread into the air ; then again, and head downwards, sailed away. So the thread of silk was in reality the balloon. The spider spins the thread out until the wind takes it and walls it away. The fluffy platform is formed later during the flight, and when complete the aeronaut rests is securely as the human aeronaut in his basket. That the spider, a slow traveller, can make itself a balloon and journey across deep canons and raging torrents is certainly an evidence, not only of its ingenuity, but of its intelligence. 