A Queenslander Abroad. No. 6. By W. Finucane. Returning to Brindisi, I was a witness to one of the most wonderful performances of the present age—the shipping of the India, China, and Australian mails. These mails on the occasion on which I was present numbered about 2600 bags. They came direct from Calais in a special train of waggons built for the purpose. On arrival at Brindisl these bags are taken direct from the train to the steamer of the P. and O. Company, which, fortunately, in Brindisi comes alongside the wharf; there is a string of post office bearers running to and fro tor several hours. On arrival on the wharf they pull up at foot of the gang ways, of which there are two. The Lascar crew then load the steamer, which takes several hours. Each man takes a bag on his shoulders and his tally-stick, and runs up the left-hand plank, deposits the bag on deck, and returns down the right-hand plank for another. I do not think Brindisi is celebrated for anything else. The journey from Brindisi to Rome is remarkable for its length, the dust, and the execrable rail way arrangements. It takes fourteen hours to accomplish it, to which one can not object. If the comfort of the passengers was studied, but that is about the last thought on the Italian railways. These railways are not buiit for your comfort ; they are built to carry you, and if you like to travel by them you can—if not. you can leave it alone. If you are carried to your destination alive that is all you can ex pect, and if you expect the train to wait at the buffet until you had something to eat, and further expect to find food ready for you at the said buffet, then you must be a mighty particular person. Until a littlo past Barletta you skirt the Adriatic On the left you have beautiful country under cultivation—olives, grapes, and all Imagin able fruit. On the right a splendid view of the coast. You then cut across the Conti nent from eaßt to west, crossing the Apen nines, and this gives you an opportunity of seeing what the heart of Italy is made of, especially the heart of the railway official. At Koggla, the junction of the Adriatic and Naples lines, there is an immense station, from which I gather there is much traffic. At Coserta you change trains—that is if you want to go to Rome and not to Naples. It is one of the most beautiful spots in Southern Italy, and that is saying a good deal. It has been embellished by a mosc imposing palace in full view of the railway station, built by one of the Kings of Naples. The place Is within a few miles of Naples, and can be reached by rail as well as by an excellent road, shaded all the way by very large trees. Aiproachlng Rome, the fact Is made known by the beautiful aqueduct (or the remains of it), which once supplied th« elty with water. You soon enter the railway station, which is a very large one. When you king out the name of the hotel you have chosen the hotel touts are magaanlmoab enough to even point out the man you want. He takes charge of you and your luggage, and if you say that you are not a smoker— that is, if you are not, like myself—you get off easily at the Customs. The fact tkat you are coming from another port of Italy means nothing, because in Italy there Is the Octroi tax—that is, a tax imposed by the municipal authorities, in which the Go vernment participates—upon all consumable articled ; and If you only go beyond the municipal boundary for a drive, you are liable to be searched on your return, though I must confess I have never seen any om oiousness displayed. Of course the tax col lectors know their mark. When you get to Rome you never think of doing as Home does ; if you did It would save you much trouble. But you do as the tourist does. You rush to Bt. Peter's, invade the Vatican and the Capitol, seals the Colosseum, anil take it by assault; you prowl the Forum ; then you carry an open book—the guide book—and you look for all the wor.d. especially if you wear spectacles (as *ac German tourist invariably does), as If yon are about holding an open-aw meeting. Then you have beside you a living gala*, an Italian who speaks Bnglish imperfectly and stuffs you with the most awful non sense imaginable. You look solemn ; everything appears to you grand, immense, glorious, superb. You believe all the anecdotes which the guide tehs you about the pictures which Raphael, Michael Angelo, Domenlchino, and other celebrities painted, and which those worthies no more painted than I did. After this guide has done with you, you go away somewhat flabber gasted, and you fancy you have spent the proudest day of your life, and so does the guide feel when he has knocked out of you more than his whole living carcass is worth. However much I may despise that guide, experience has taught me not to be too hasty, for you may have to knuck.e down to him after all. I had. Rome Is the greatest combination of a topsy-turvy city in the world, and you only want to sec it to believe that it is, as often described, eternal—yes, eternal; you can never wipe it out. You have only to see it without ever having read a line of its history to set what varied vicissitudes the unfortunate place has undergone. Yet there she stands, with the monuments testifying to her ancient magnificence disinterred from her early grandiose ruins. Her vast and mag nificent churches, palaces, galleries, columns, statues, fountains, and obelisks all there-^-her extensive and lucrative stock in-trade. The Forum is an example of what that unfortunate city has gone through; everything in it is in such confusion that no ordinary mind can form the slightest idea of what it originally was like. See- Ing that the place Is in such a condition, one wonld imagine that it would strike some smart man to erect a building on the spot, when the whole Forum' could be shown in a restored condition, in the same way that the Parthenon is shown in the British Museum ; there is money in the enter prise, 1 can see. To write of St. Peter's means writing of something colossal, enor mous. Everyone has read that it is the largest chtfrch in the world, but when you see it you can safely lay 1000 to 1 that it Is. In the square the people and even the cabs look so small that you feel inclined' to walk up to them and put them in 'your pocket, as you would a toy. Inslrto the church everything is proportionately m mense, and that is the great beauty of St. Petfrs. You look up and you see an angel which would weigh a ton, and ah apojue whose big toe would turn the scales at V.h. The people inside the building louk like ants. I feel no desire to know what the length, breadth, and height of the building is. I have seen it, and that Is quite enough. The greatest marvel of artistic skill in the church is the chair of St. Peter, behind the confessional: It Is th* semi- circle of the upper part of the principal nave, adorned by the design of Michael Angelo. Above the altar are fow colossal statues in bronse, by Bernini, re presenting; Saints Ambrose, Augustin, Athanasius, and John Chrysostom, support ing a chair, also in bronse, within which is enclosed the chair of St Peter. The chair is crowned by a glory, also by Bernini, composed by angels and seraphims and the Holy Ghost, represented in the usual form of a dove, is on a transparent ground, the effect of which is most beautiful. The robes of the four saints named are made to appear a* if the wind was blowing them about, and this suggests to you the ad visability of going as soon as possible, as a gale f? approaching. There Is a large numbe- of confessionals in the church, and confers tone can he heard in thirteen differ ent languages. One can hardly conceive that men of such great ideas as the Pon tiffs who had control of the purse and were lavish enough with it as to use it on such vast monuments, and with such noble artists and architects for their advisers as Michael Angelo and 'Bernini, could have crowded in such a prodigious building among the slums of the city, for St. Peter's stands' among the slums. Even tho Vati can 14 outwardly a vast ugly barrack, packed right against the church, the effect of which is toy no means good ; indeed, it 'is an eyesore. The approaches co St. Peter's uttt by two narrow streets, with dirty shops—you do not see the church until you have gone through those abomin able lanes, crowded with dirty m«a and women and squalling children. It is pro posed to pull down a whole section of these quarters, to open a space which will threw this noble edifice to view imme diately you cross the'bridge Saint Angelo, at the foot of the castle, but I fear the cost will be too great to be undertaken by. the present generation. A vast amount ot money has been spent in improving Rome of late years ; some very fine streets have been opened up, extensive embankments have been built along the Tiber, new bridges thrown across the river, magnificent build ings and fountains erected, squares and gardens formed, and the streets are kept scrupulously cjean. As Rome has the finest supply of water in the world, ad vantage was taken of this gift of Nature to erect what must be the grandest fountains in the world. That of Trevi is a perfect marvel. It has a beauti ful facade of sculptures placed on the livlug rodk, out of which flows the water like a river into a basin which In Australia would be a fair-sized lake. Those in Piaxia Na vona and in front of St. Peter's are equally imposing, and 'there are numerous other*, while the ordinary street fountains are run ning day and night, the water from which' is as cold as if iced, a privilege the Roman should appreciate In a country where the heat in summer is more severe than it is in any psrt of Australia, because in Rome the nights are warm as well as the days. Having the pleasure of the acquaintance of Mpnslgnor Antonini, once of Brisbane, I hall the privilege of visiting certain apart ments in the Vatican which are closed to the public. In these rooms ar* seen many presents, consisting chiefly of sculptures and vases of very considerable value, wnlch Pits IX. received from different monarchs during his pontificate. By the Scala regts —the public entrance —you enter tho Vati can, and a small, narrow stairs leads you to the Sixtine Chapel, the marvel of artistic conception. The grand work of all, how ever, is Michael Angelo's "Last Judgment," which occupies the wall over the entrance. I was very sorry to find that this hall, for that is really what it is, has suffered very much from neglect. The walls, all of wbiqh are cmered with frescoes, bear evidence of having been injured greatly from dampness: many' parts of the paintings are actually destroyed. The whole place looks as if a liberal application of the hose would do it all the good in the world. Above are the vast picture galleries, and in room 19 Raffaello's " Transfiguration Upon Mount Tabor," an.l "Madonna of Follgno,"- and DomeiMnichino's " Communion' of St. Jerome" can bo seen. The first picture fcears evidence of having been ■ partly re stored. In ihese rooms are also seen works said to be> by Leonardo da Vinci, Guerclno, Mantegna; Peruglno, Pri Angeltco, Murillo, Tizlano, Ptnturlccbio, Guido Renl, Annlbal Caracci, Andrea Saccbl, and many other painters of renown ; but I fear that the authenticity of many of the paintings Is doubtful. Any way, there they are, and the tourist who is not very critical stands with his mouth open before them, and, very, pro perly, admires tbem. The gallery of sculp ture* is «t the back, where can be seen the sleeping Ariadne, the Laocoon, the Mercury of the- Belvedere, and the Apollo Belvedere, and, of course; numberless other works of great artistic merit In the capital you see the dying gladiator who does not appear to be a gladlatrr ; I>tlt'no matter who the poor fellow was, ho looks deefdedly sick. In the picture Hilary hangs the well-known portrait of Mtehael Angelo by himself. Both the p'c ture and sculpture galleries in the palaces forming tho capital are enormous, and foatsla a-' vast number of -paintings, statues, Ac. In the church of San Ptotro, In Vlncoll, in the right aisle is the cele brated " Moses," by Michael Angelo. I am sorry to »*y that to find the abode of this most celebrated work In existence requires some navigation. In the Panthe -on you find staring you in the face, the moment you enter, the tomb of Victor Bmanuel, while that of Raphael, unless pointed out to you, you cannot find. Such Is the world. The Pantheon was erectei by Agrippa twenty-seven years B.C. It has been for many centuries. a Christian church, and is dedicated to Santa Maria and Martyrs, but no one knows it by that name. It is still the " Pantheon." In the Church of San Onofrlo is burled Tor quato Tasso, one of Italy's greatest poets. The monastery is presided over by Father Romanl, once the parish priest at Nanango. I spent a very pleasant afternoon with this old friend. To write of the various galleries and churches, these labyrinths of art, so as to give an idea of what is to bo seen in Rome, would mean devoting your whole time to that occupation alone, while the descripi tions would far exceed any space a news paper could conveniently spars, and as my stay in Rome was short, sufficient only to accomplish my work and no more, I have had little opportunity to enable me to speak more than I have done from personal observation. I must, before concluding, say a good work for an Individual who well deserves it—the Roman cabman, who is the most decent specimen of his genus I have met since I left the colony, but I am sorry to say he is not much of a driver. Oottaoh ok raa Hnji, Vjj.pabatso. 