CAPTURED BY BRIGANDS. BY ErIMILY SPENCER, IN THn STRAND AOAZINSE. A Jula evening in Florence. The sun had just set, the Arno ran like a river of fire beneath a flaming sky; a rosy light lingered on tile heights above the city and on the marble fc ide of San Miniato amongst its cypresses. Up and down the Lung ',rno loitered crowds of people, do lighting in the balmy air alter a blaz ing day; carriages with daintily dressed women rolled past, and the tramears were laden with the bour goiso on their way to and from tile Casoinu, the Hyde Park of Florence. Amidst these gay and happy people, talking, laughing, fluttering fans, one young man seemed quite out of har mony. His athletic figure and style of dress gave him an unmistakably English air. He was leaning on the wall, his eyes fixed upon the brown, swiftly rushing river, with a gloomy, abstracted gaze; he seemed uncon scious of the glowing sunset and the throngs of passers-by. Presently he started, as a hand was laid on his shoulder, and a musical voice uttered a common-place greeting, " Halloa, Peroivalo I Didn't know you were in Florence." Peroivale was just an ordinary, good-looking English lad of one or two and twenty, fair, well - built, healthy, with honest blue eyes, such as you may see turned out by the dozen in a University town. But the man who addressed him was?of a dif ferent make, a man whom few people would pass in the street without ob serving. Tall, spare, and upright, with a keen, strongly - lined face, latent fire in his dark grey eyes, and the easy grace which comes from strength, Maurice O'Connor. had more than,.. goor looks - he hlad, ditinction He had the repute iion of being eccentric and unsociable. Since the death of his young wife, a few months after their marriage, he had led a roving life, the life of a traveller and explorer. Latterly he had somewhat settled down; he had bought a villa in the Tusoan hills, within easy reach of Florence. He was an amatemr artist of remarkable ability ; and hero he was able to gratify his love of nature and of art. Speak ing Italian like a native, he had be come on friendly terms with the "peasants of the wild and lonely country where he had made his home; whilst he was frequently to be met with studying in the picture galleries of Floreuce. He had little in common with Harry Percivale; but Maurice O'Connor had had a liking for the young man over since the day he had happened in a casual sort of way, to save him from drowning when, bath ing off the coast of Isochia, Harry had been seized with cramp on a chilly spring day. "I came over from England a fort. night ago," said Harry presently, as the two men sauntered along tile Lung'arno, "and I might as well have stayed at home for any pleasure I have had." " Really ? " and Maurieo gave a quick glance at him. "Auything wrong ? " "Everything I" replied Harry, savagely. "That is, it's nothing to do with me-a family matter--" and he stopped short. "Lot us walk on to the Caseine," said Maurice, ready to ignore the young man's semi- confidence, if he wished to say no more. They went a few yards in silence, then Harry burst out: " I might as well tell you the whole story-that is if it won't bore you too much. Perhaps you can suggest something. I should be awfully glad if you would. I don't see what is to be done." "Tell me by all means, my dear follow." " Well, you remember my sister Lucia. She and her mother, my step. mother, you know, were with me at Isehia last year." "Yes, I remember her," said Maurice, with an almost imperceptible change in his quiet voice. " She is a dear little creature, as simple and docile as a child. [My stop-mother is Italian you know, and Lucia has been brought up in a con vent, and has not the pluck of an Euglish girl, and thinks she must do everything she is told. Well, it is a horrid story altogether. There is a man named Henderson--I don't know if you have ever met him ? " " No, I think not." "He is an awful bad lot-about as bad as they make them; but he has heaps of money, and is smart, and all that hind of thing. What does the beast do, but actually dare to propose to marry my poor little sister, Lucia; and her mother, wretched woman, aids and abets him, just because he has a place somewhore in England and ten thousand a year -or says he has. He may be in the hands of the Jews for whlat I know. Lucia loathes him, I'll bet anything sheo does, though shel will hardly own it oven to me; but she daren'et call her soul her own. All her Italian lady friends are down upon her, tell ing her it's her duty and the custom of the country to marry thle man hler mother accepts for her, and it's only those improper Englilsh girls who think of choosing a husband for themselves. Bahl I It malkes mo sick \--an innocent baby liko Lucia, just out of a convent, and that lolathsonmeo reprobate, double hlier ago I" Maurico O'Connor's fuce had be come very dark and grim as he list ncued in silence. A year ago, when he had met the Porcivalo family at Isoehia -Harry, the Oxford nudergraduate, the portly, dark - haired, vivacious Italian stepmother, and her young daughter, Lucia--IMaurico had at once been attracted by the latter, for ehe aid reminded him of his dead wife as hle was when hie had met her first, a mere school-girl. Lucia Percival haud probably not his wife's intellect and strength of charactor; but there was something in her flower- like grace and child-like innocence which touched the strong and tender- hearted main. And now to hear of hier destined sacrifice, one more maiden to a Mlinotaur, itilled him with righteous wrath. " Can you do nothing to stop this marnrinage " hIo naseld, coolly oneb, for he was not a man to wear his heart upon his sleeve. " I have tried to move heaven and earth, and it's no good at all. The Sig nora (that's my step- mother, you know) is just like one of those groat mules. I wish to heaven my father were living ! I am confident he would soon put a stop to this hateful marriage. But what can I do ? The Signora stormed and raved at me, and finally ordered me out of the house yesterday, and forbade me to speak toLuciangain. So I just paoled up my portmanteau, and walked off to an hotel. The wedding day is fixed-ourse it I and yet I simply can't go home again and leave Lucia to her fate." They walked some way in silence. The street was almost deserted now the dark masses of tho Casoiuo woods loomed vaguely before them, fireflies flashed and vanished, and from the leafy recesses of the park came the silvery trill of a nightingale. Maurice asked a few more questions about the intended marriage. Heo was evidently pondering over what Harry had told him, and was anxious for all the information lie could gain respecting Mr. Henderson, and Lucia's feelings towards him. " You may see for yourself, par hops, if you are still living in that out-of-the-way place of yours in the mountains," said Harry. " Yes. I have come down to Flo rence only for a couple of days." " Well, they-that is, Lucia and her mother and that beast, HeIonderson \- are going to Vallombrosa next week, to stay at the hotel there. Lucia is quite ill with the worry of it all, and the doctor says she must have mountain air, and so she and my stop-mother will roinain there till just befdio the wedding. Of course she is ill; she is miserable; but she accepts thi inevitable. She is resigned and obedient like a Hindu widow going to be burnt alive. She doesn't know half the horror of her fate poor little innocent. And I have to look on and see it I I wish to goodness we lived in the old days, and there was some one to do the young Loohinvar busei noess, and spirit her away, despite them all. I have been wondering if I couldn't do it myself, but I don't quite see how." " Perhaps the bridegroom might be spirited away instead of the bride," returned Maurice, with a quiet laugh. A week or two later, Mrs. Percivale, or the Signora, as she was usually onlled, was sitting under the shade of the great syosmores in the hotel gar den at Vellombroso. In front, fields, " whose grass you scarce could see for flowers," and where silvery pop lars shimmered, sloped towards a dark wood of immemorial pines. Beyond rose range after range of filmy blue hills, crowned with faint peaks of the distantAppennines. Behind the white, green-shuttered walls of the hotel were the tall towers and massive buildings of the ancuient and famous monastery. Above rose vast forests of beech and pine, climbing the hillside for many a mile, along whosoe wild enchanting paths Mldton once wandered, and whore still, " beneath the high, over arched Etruriau shades," flow down the brooks embanked with myriad fallen leaves. The very name of Val lombrosa is full of legend and ro mance, even though its monastery las become a government college of forestry and its ancient hostelry a. modern hotel, crowded in summer time by English and Italians. Mrs. Peroivalo, a handsome, portly woman of the Juno type which one often sees amongst the Roman bour geoisio, was chattering away in Eng. lish, fluently enough, but with a most un-Euglish accent-occasionally wav ing her plump hands to emphasise her words. Her prospective son-in-law, Mr. Henderson, was bending over her, with an attentive air-for his cue had been to pay as much court to the mother as to the daughter, whilst in wardly vowing she should never set foot in his house in England. " I hate foreigners," he used to say. Henderson was a rather short, stout man of nearly forty, with a sallow face and haggard eyes. Well-dressed as he was, and courteous as he could be when he bchose, there was a stamp of ill-brooding about him and an air of solf-suficiency which some people found intolerable. But the Signora saw nothing of this. She had all the Italian simplicity of nature (which is often combined with a child-lile o an ning in little matters), and she had the warm heart and domestic affection of her countrywomen. Devoted to htier daughter Lucia, she sincerely believed that she was doing the best possible for her welfare by urging on the mnr riago with Mr. HIonderson, and that her stop-son Harry was flying in the face of Providence by opposing it. Lcia ihad but a small dowry, and she was nleky to lhave found an English man of wealth and position willing to marry her. The Signora herself ihad led tihe happiest of lives with hier Euglish husbaend, Lnoia's father. II only hier caro sposo were aclive now, how he would have rejoiced at hIis little daughter's good fortune I So ready are we to believo that the dead would ihave been on our side I Harry and his step-mother each claimed tihe late Mr. Pereivalo as an adhlierent to their opposite opinions. Lucia was a fair, dolioato-loolking girl of seventeen, childish and un formed in chalractor, but with a sweet and sincere nature, and she might under favorable influence develop into a noble woman. She know nothing of lifoe; her convent was the world; she was resigned to her marriage with aman utterly distasteful to her; all the girls of her acquaintance married men their parents chose for them. It was all the will of Providence, whioh allowed some people to be rich and others poor, some to be happy and others misor able; and it was hler duty to accept what God and her mother ordained for hier. Life was a sorrowful mystery, she thought, and eshe only wishebod she might have been allowed to remain witlh theo hind, gentle sisters in the convent, and cecapo from the terrible necessity of marryinig anybody; most of all this Mr. Hlendceraon. She ecarcoly how rwhy Ishe disliked him so much; he woean always paying hler compliments and telling her how munch he adored hler, besides lavishing jewellery and pretty things upon her; but her womanly instinct revolted against the expression in his face when he gazed at her, and she shuddered when he took her hand. " Perhaps he has the evil eye," she whispered to herself. A short respite was now all that was left to her. Tilhe wedding was fixed for that day week. After this evening she would scaroly see Mr. Henderson again before that dreadful day, for to-night he was re turning to Floreonco to make the thousand-and-ono necessary arrange ments. " It will be night long before you arrive at Florence," the Signora was saying to him. " Ah, what a dark and dolorous drive through the forest I I shudder to think of it !" " There is nothing to be afraid of, ears Signora. The English consul tells me the country about hero is absolutely safe, or elso I shouldn't risk it. Of course, I don't believe what the - "-" natives," he was going to say, with the peculiar con tempt an Englishman can show when speaking of the inhabitants of any country but his own; but remember ing that Mrs. Peroivale was an Italian, he turned his sentence awk wardly into, "I don't believe what waiters and hotelkeepers say, of course." During the table d'hlte that evening, Mrs. Peroivale, who always amused herself between the courses by care fully observing the guests, gave a little cry. " Look I Lucia, there is your brother; there is Harroe, at the end of the long table I He did not tell us he was coming. How glad am I, now tihat Mr. Henderson is going to leave us. I do not like being hero in these mountains without a gentleman," and she nodded and smiled at her stepson, who returned hier greeting very stiffly. Her volatile but kindly nature had forgotten all about their stormy part ing; but Harry evidently had not. He looked pale and stern, and con sumed with anxiety; he scarcely touched any dinner, and before the meal was quite over, and the Signora could summon him to her side, he had vanished from the room. After dinner Mr. Honderson do parted for Florence in a hired carriage and pair. He took a tender farewell of Lucia, with the whispered words, " Only another week and we shall never part again I" which had turned the poor girl sick with nameless horror. Mr. Henderson was thoroughly en joying his drive, in the dewy, balmy air of the June evening, as he reclined in the carriage, smoking one of the choice cigars he had smuggled into this land of bad tobacco. There had been a rosy glow in the north-west when he started, but the brief twi light was passing and when the road descended into the forest and the tall pine-trees stood thickly ranged on either side, the gloom became funereal. The carriage-lamps sihed flickering uncertain lights, weird shadows flew past, and now a gleam fell upon an ancient and wayside cross of stone. At that moment the wild and mournful hoot of an owl-or what sounded like snoh-rang through the woods and the driver abruptly pulled up his horses. "What are you doing? Go on l" shoeted Henderson in his lame and blundering Italian. But the coach man sat still on his box without replying. " Curse the fellow I what does he mean by it ?" and Henderson sprang to his foot. The feeble light from the lamps showed him two dark figures standing at the horses' heads, men in the ordi nary dress of peasants, but with their faces veiled by black craps, which gave them a sinister and alarming aspect. And then, as if they had sprung out of the earth, four men, similarly masked, surrounded the ear rinage. "You rascals I" cried Henderson furiously, but turning cold with terror as he thought, " they are brigands, and it is all a lie to say there are none in Tuscany." "You rascals, what do you want ?" " We want you," replied a solemn voice in Italian. " The Signor will alight and come with nous." "I shall do nothing of the sort," and Henderson tried to swear and bluster. " How dare you, you thieves, interfore with an Englishman 2 Drive on I" he shrieked. " Drive over them I" But the coaohman never moved, and his only answer was something that sounded rather like a chuckle. The next moment a pair of powerful arms pinioned IIonderson, and some thing hard and cold was pressed to his forehead. " Another sound and you are a dead man " Utterly cowed and shivering with fright he was dragged out of the car riage and set on his feet in the road. Each of his arms was then hold in an iron grasp, and a third man, stand ing behiud him, tied a cotton hand kerchief tightly over his eyes; but not before lie had caught a glimpse of a brigand standing a little apart from the rest-a tall, powerful-looking man, who wore no mask over his face. Henderson guessed him to be the chief of the brigands, and lie gasped and stuttered out an appeal: " I will give you all I have to lot me go-I have five hundred lire in my purse, and there is English money in my portmanteau-" " Silence " aome a stern voice, and if Henderson had had his wits about him, he might have noticed that the chief spoke with a deeper and more Roman accent than the softer Tuscan of his followers. " We want a good deal more than that, and we shall have it too, before we have done with you. Now, quick march I " Henderson was hurried along bo tween the two men who had gripped his arms. He tried to collect his senses, and to form some ideson, blind folded though he was, of whither ho was being taken. The ground at first was soft under his foot; evidently it was a forest- path deep in fir-noedlcs. Now and then came a breath of cool air, soonted with pine; he could hour a brook murmuring not far away; there was no other cound but the tramp of the gang who surrounded him. After about half a mile, the path began to ascond steeoply, and now and again hoe stumbled and struck his foot against stones, and presently be, being " fat and scant of breath," be gan to pant; but still upwards he was hurried, till at last he bomoaned himself in English-" they want to kill mo-I shall be done for in another moment." " Stop I" came a word of command from the chief in front. " Give him a moment's rest; and here, lot him have a drink." A flask was held to his lips, and he gulped down a mouthful or two of what to his astonishment proved to be some of the best cognac he had ever tasted. "Ra1ther civil sort of brigands those, after all," he thought, especially as the pace now slackoned and he was allowed to proceed at a more merciful rate of speed. Onwards they weont, mile after mile; the air grow fresher, almost chilly, as they ascended, and he could distin guish that they bad left the pines below them, and by the crackling of last year's loaves under foot, had reached the beech-woods on a higher level of the mountains. oe heoard streams rushing past him, occasionally the hoot of an owl-a genuine owl this time-but perfect silence was maintained by the brigands. And now they had begun to descend rapidly ; he was guided down a slippery stony path, and then to his surprise and relief lie found himself on the firm ground of a high road. Some instinct told the prisoner that they were approaching a dwelling house. The road gave place to a gravel path; there was a faint scent of roses and mignonetto in the air, as if a garden weore near ; now lihe was being led up stone steps; he heard a heavy door open ; he had entered, and the door was shut behind him with a clanging of bolts and bars. He was hurried upstairs, flight ofter flight; now ihe was brought into a room " You can lot him go," came the voice of the chief. Then his arms wore re leased, the handkerchief was unbound from his eyes, and Henderson stood breathing hard, blinking his eyes after the darkness, and glanoing round him in bowilderment. le found himself in a small bed room, with a bare floor and a few articles of furniture, cheerless, hut spotlessly clean ; and a small window strongly barred. nlu the darkness without, it was, of course, impossible to know what the window looked upon. The room was dimly lighted by one of those brass three-wicked lamps the Tuscan peasants use. It was all so strange-this homely room was so un like the mountain cave where brigands are usually supposed to have their haunts. Henderson began to feel the whole thing was a horrid nightmare. The two men who had hold his arms, and whose crape-veiled faces looked even more ominous in these common place surroundings, had retreated to tihe door, and he was standing face to face with the chief, who appeared to disdain any disguise. He was a dis tinguishod-looking man, with finely cut features, a touch of grey in his dark hair and moustaoho, and a passionate gleam in his dark eyes, which wore a very ferocious aspect in Henderson's estimation. The chief addressed him in Italian, speaking slowly and distinctly. " You can understand me, I believe ? Well, I wish to give you a word of advice. Don't try to escape from this place ; it is useless. The house is guarded by my men, and you will remain here until it suits meo to release you." " How much money do you want ? " and Henderson tried to plack up courage. " It would pay much better to take all I have with me and let me go. There will be a great row made about your tidnapping an English subject." " I am afraid that is a question we are not likely to agree upon," returned the brigand, with ironical politeness. " But I will not trouble you any fur ther now ; we will resume our conver sation another time. Supper will be brought you presently, and I will wish you good-night. By-the-by," he returned as he was about to leave the room, " you can sleep without fear-I pledge you my word as a gentleman brigand," hlie added quickly, "your lifo is safe if you obey my orders." Presently the door, which was guarded outside by the two brigands who had led Henderson hither, opened again, and an old peasant woman, with wrinkled face and grey hair, covered by a yellow kerchief, entered, bearing a plain but substantial meal, half a cold fowl, a loaf, and a bottle of rin ordliaire ; but--humiliating do tail-the bread and meat were cut in small pieces as it for a child ; no knife was allowed him. Henderson addressed the woman eagerly : " Busona sdonna, tell me where I: am." But she only shook her head, say ing, "I understand no English," a bad compliment to Henderson's efforts in Italian; and setting down her tray lshe left the room, and the door was promptly locked and bolted on the outside. Footslteps went down the staircase, thenou all was profoundly still. His long march through the forest, his fright and anxiety, ihad thoroughly exhausted him, and he ate his homely meal with unusual relish. HIo found his door could be securely bolted from the inside, and this combined will the brigand's promise (murdering villain as the man might be, HIoendorson somehow felt convincedho might trust his word), this made a certain sense of rest and comfort steal over the pri soner when his hunger and thirst were appeased. The whole adventure was so odd. Hero was a brigand living iu a fairly comfortable house, able to allot his prisoner a bedroom, with clean bed, washstand, towels, eovoen alcolking-glass, just sno if hlie kept an inn I Why did they not take his pureo ? But a dreadful presentiment made him shiver. If they thus scorned to rob him of more trifles, it meant only that a ruiuous ransom would be demanded in ex change for his liberty and lifo. And theu le hogans to rage against the wholo oountry-tho government which was powerloss to put down bri gandage, thie oflioials who woro in longue with the brigaudo, the Englishl coniuhl who had deceived him by denyiog their oxistonco. Ho tried to I comfort himself by wild throato of what he would do whon he was free again; the ambassador would be ap pealed to, an international matter made of it, and thoe Italian tronesury forced to pay him exemplary damages. Thenou, omowhat tardily, he bhogan to think of Lucia. " Good heavens I " and he turned quite cold-" suppose those blackguards eeoop me hero over the wedding-day, and refuse to lot me communicato with the Porcivalos I What is to become of me ? Nobody will have the ghost of a notion where I am." (To be conclhded next Friday.) 