[?] Register 1 Register! — Once again and finally we would, remind. jbbw> .who should have eleoore' 1 hrfrts and® hive mot JytHy-dbtaiirfSilCT, tLata>isfi«!tkp3£stday on. which they can do so Jn time to exercise tbe -prinirac .ot yppng at ,menert general electtdns.-'Jiot only - this, .bntthey should do go driring tbe !d'ay," as at - nht1 there'may; "bfe tiidmany'to ferve before it ii too late. Yset Ownods. — - There ; is little donbt that the relnctance displayed by the vFoVte tbe European powers is causing consider able uneasiness. Advised by thoBe im- medistely aronndf him; ito ( sebpreteaeS, rirtualiy threatened by the Mahommedaut "shbiflrl he litben to wme ednoBels, tbe Sultan , iB in aeore fix.. In fact he is jike the pro verbial man between two stools, bound to Cpme to; the gronnd'no Jnelter .what de cision be may arrive at... Peace may lead to open-, rebellion, war mayvnean battling' ageinat fojrces far , stronger than any "he" can "pat "into "the field. DI. iconree there is, tiie off chance pf one or. more of the Po waiscqming to his afeistanaiejrat which?: Sp'far as we can see Rasaia . may; hut the French" 'Government is hot likely., to go against the wishes of tbe people. A section 9of the , TKthens papers, is reported topbp -of opinion that a iriiptiire jz imminent in tbe .concert of the Fpwers and the Greeks have been Warned by ' ,tiie , ex-Bwmisr, ' M. Delyannis, that an outbreak of war may leave their little country at the meroy of the Turks". The outlook is more ominous, now than . it. haB been ever rinfeGolonel VaBsoswas first scntho Crete. A few days more and we may perhaps be in a poe5Koh"fbseewHsY is UkeTyfioTiappen, bat at the pnwnfemoment it is impossible to see into the elonded future, not even for wp ;!;»» ' J-- ; JjBE GpyERKOR's YisiT.It bas been . decided' to call a special meeting of, the . Hamilton, Pastoi Societyjon Tborsday to lokblntoconsiaferation the foliowing tele- gramrfeejved' by tiie Hon. .Si' W, Cooke .from Lord-Richard Neyjll,:— 1 ' Would it be posble'to" altfe the date of the Hamilton Show tothe second wfek in October? His ExoeUency jviBhrG to be in -Sydney Jn September for the Federal Convention as also.to meet his' brother amying jkere on the 16th. He wisbes to make a jiak tour Ihrongh tiie Western District Jn October. Fiease write me youropinion. J. fear, the Governor will not attend the show if the datecanhot be altered." In view pf tiie fact that immediate steps, " if any,: must be taken .for. the- postponement of the. show, Mr. Cuoke has instructed e special meeting to he called for Tharsday next, and trusts the ebortness of notice given will not deter anymember of the com mittee Jrom attending. Under .ordinary circomstances the sheep Bhow might beheld at the appointed time and the general show later on ; bat, , of course, on the, occasion of ,a vice-regal visit, it . is essential that tbe most important industry sKonld be repre- Sented, and it is Ieared.it will he; practically impossible to hold a sbeep- show in or about the middle of October. '. This matter, how- .eyyr. .will, be .fully discussed ' at . Thursday 's . meeting, , when owners of sheep may "be .able to see their way. clear to postpone the eiiearing of eoch ' sheep "as they may be thinking of exhibiting, except those shown for 'Mr. T. Miliear's". prize, which must be shorn, in September. ' Otherwise. it would perhaps be .t jo a A His Excellency to postpone his visit until next . year. A -Sop to atr Ehperoa — Deter mined, if pnssible,to enetain the friendly ' feeling that, apparently,' -has existed IHIUUflUUI ' ' VUO AOVBUll IVtU; IRJIIWCCU Mahommedan Tnrkey and Christian Ger many, the Saltan has presented - to the Emperor "a. battery, of six gone captured from thb Wnfmtifnate Gisras. Will the Emperor aooept' the sop thus proffered ' him? IWe donbt it ; nnless he does BO in hrder to restore , the" batteryto the Greeks' after peaoe hasfinaUy been arranged." The battery, it ie presomed, is 'one of those taken from his own brother-in-law. ' A Victorian Hack was fonnd quite good enough to win a big Steeplechase at the AdnlsidmRecing meeting on Saturday. Carrying 9st 71bi, Stockings, by Hamlet's Ghost— Miss -Twist, landed for hie owner, Mr. H. A." Morris, the X400 "Stfeple(5iaBe", J»ating Cohfidraos by five ienrths; andbther suoh well-known hones : asJBaiijot Eolipfe, th'e;winnerot the Onka- ' paringo- Steeplechase;' The ActresB. ete. StqiiMMB,'''fiorauriy owned hy Mr. A. Stewara' titties .yearekgb at ;a Hamiltbn Faint to FotavEtreplechMe-meetiiig. In the Steepleohuie bn 'Sstarday Desperado wsb fifth andGrasmere sixth. The Gpebing Host of the season trill be held by the Hamilton : Hunt dob to-morrow when the bounds will-be thrown off in - Menzei's -paddock on - tiie Goieraine , road at twp. m'Alock. shsrp->From what we can eatlier. and iudcinfi from the num. her ;whp took part in the preliminary rnn »t Henvleigh Park Jafe week, three ifU| be a YSry latge mnster'of failowere. Furiher, :as nearly all the hnnt pan be eren . from the road, we expect to sse , a great gathering there aipp,;, AltertiieJinnt the lady friends pf -members of the Clob will be entertained at afternoon tea ot the Victoria HoteL A Qoaorilatbral Match was to have beeh'firodimi JSatordty- between tiie Hamilton, Merino,— Pigeon .Ponds and Great Western Rifle Clubs. We have re-? eeiied o oeitified copy of the, Bcoresfmade. hy-, ths-Great Western ,Clnb, liut atrthe. Bamiltpn Jeam wjll.,tnot be ahte - tplfiie rifitUJonnrrow. Jiavedeemed Jt adnfeble not to make them known. J- We" trust . this action -tyrfiLaioet with the' tqiproval ' of warded them. : n. ' Hamilton Bowling Club — Mr. Horefalk: wfaoBe rep'irtation sis- a maker of howling greens -is -eeoond to none, com- mencedjipermtions ontiie Ibcal green yes-. Aerday: I 'Memberswill notdnkuipHsad; to' clearxJthatJie foimd jt, ;«dien -a»ist" by Mr. BnHer jrhp kinidly toMt the lovsl fol Vifi iawrWen wf'Jlntwl Herejasdf-smdnrhigthere an inch low .mmUbo iortitt-: He .promises,- however, to' JnaUteJs sgodd job-Aitit -ymddpnbiiHBj .He;: tiie Arafejffiat«heefebhd riepuriia on board oFtiie s,s. beard b)WW»rei«bjectio,ey toot InbmatiolMto" our «ddier hoya® obey orders." In the meantime the various oontingeots from Victoria, South Australia and Western Australia, numbering in all e4reving plenty of fun, but dread, togo through the Red Sea iu their - n£awhirifi?;they:.: have to oeaF- ontil , efBrn- tmmWh 'lire. In' a tog-ofy b fifalbt. UB«al.he.lCed£nic entertxiomente which proved""®) popular last winter are to be resumed to-night in the Town Hail. A very attractive pro gramme will be submitted. Among the -vocalists jure two-Jalbntefi .-da&uputM;,, and baf-firaioe of -bomto dingers," MrkGonny Destree. Mr. "Horwitz's lecture is being meagrely -disouBsed .Jn . anticipation, and ..a crowded house may be expected. Hamilton Football Association. — A meeting of delegates to the Hamilton Football Association was held at tbe Town Hail Hotel last evening, Mr.RMaliioson pre- 6l3ingrThe"T)"alAncb:ehe(:t' for issfsesson showed a debit of £1 16t 91, sod it was re- Bolved that s csii-oT 12s 3d be made on the three associated Blahs. ; F. Lord moved that tbe offices of Secretary sod Treasurer be combined aod ahtboritygiven to tbe Savings Bank to honor signature of H. Fawcett in place of those at present authorised. Tbe sxsul meeting of -toe Association - wili rhe %eVd next-MondBy-evening, io 'Mr.-Curter's office when tbe report and balance sheet will be presented. " The fixing of matches for the season wiifpleo be arranged. A Prelate""" to 4 ti&rrv;&k; — Dr. Green, the well known Bishop of -Grafton una anouibifii is idbouudw hi ibuvuvo wuu lantern illostrations -to-morrow evening in Christ Chnrch hall, in aid of , the funds of his diocese. "Those fnhda 'have suffered greatly daring the past few years, and two Englieh.Cbarcb societies have offered eaoh £l000, upon condition tiiat a certain earn he raised otlierwiHe by tbe end. 'of tiie year. Of this earn, about £600 remains to be raised, and Dr. Graen> by preaching and lecturing, is endeavonring,4o rajfe' it." .Dj. Green is a native of this colony, distingaiehed at Melboorne University and in the Angliean Chnrch. He is a scholar and an orator, and his work io (he Church-has -shown that he possesses statesmanlike qualities. A1bo,-Ji6 was the first Australian native to be raised - to tiie Australian Epifeopate. We welcome . him to Hamilton, and wish him good sncoeasinhia mission. ,.r. ' AGrBKEDY (joVEBNMBNT.— -Tha Chief : Justice pf Tasmania has yecently been .called upon tb&ecide; i pecaliarqhestioh; ' A inan named Joseph Parker . recently died from natural causbs" and lying "aVoncside his body was that of his wife, who had shot herself. , fkat -late. U. VWlfn in XI ywriwiniw raiijfi ; vuavuv V? - riLMm-'-sbe saidy' " Fonnd old. -Joe;, dead, fio ' tbought l would die too, alone with' the old - fellow." the Government contended that, tbiis formed ho proof that the husband idied; first ; consequently his estate, he having no ; rtiatidns,8honld goto the Grown. Aweaker ease was never heard in Chambers, and '.the Chici Justice decided that the wife was last' to die, and, therefore, her relations were, entitled to half the estate.- The" value is not mentioned, but' it is thought it could hardly have beengreat enoughfor aGovera- iii en t, by its Attorney-General, to bother; about. ' 'a.' Novel .Cdbiosot'Shop!— a fat; cow from Oakbank was recently killed, and a, poet eaprtm disclosed' tbeiact that slicJiad bemi in" the hkbitrof rum/mating 'dver'any- ining WUCMB6 io uiuuuj, aim -WW) parucu-. larly partial to :the brass -tops of exploded, cartridges. Of these a collection were; fonnd' in her Inner regions, as "also blue i stone, pieces of cbina, a portion of -wbafciiad been a sharpdged 'piece "-of glais, 'worn quite smooth, like the fossil sharks' teeth fonnd at Mnddy Creek, and a variety of other such trifles, numbering :thirty- two in' alL , . . The ; MotoRiO YqLE . has, . says ..|W Argue,' made itB debut in the Streets of Meibbnrne at lash. On Saturday and Son. day afternoons the strollers on St. Kilda Esplanade were somewhat Btartisd by the' xqiproach - of :a . cyclist with his feet motioniere; - -and-: apparently - " poasting" before the wind. As it drew near, however, the maohine was seen to be'witiioat peda's, its rear wheel being driven rapidly by a piBton, -while the rider, : or rather "driver, sat lazily in tiie saddle, with no more work to do than was necessitated by the steering. The antocyele, which hed bat two wheels, was driven at speeds, varying from .five to -20 miles.an hoar, and at its burets of pace served to -accommodate bunchee of ordinary cyclists from the action of the wind. Daring yesterday afternoon the machine Was driven .several /trips to. and from the Junction and the St. Kilda 'tram terminns, and 'was. the centre of interest of a large crowd on the Esplanade. The Effects of the Drought is tons described by the A rarat Advertise; "Lambing is now well advanced m this district, and, .unfortunately, itis now beyond all doubt that it'will be tbe' poorest on re cord,. In some cases. iudeed, the lambB are being killed to try and save the ewes, and wherever hay end straw ie available'the Stock are being -fed. In other case3 scrob snd ' even young gum trees are bring cat down with a view of sustaining : the sheen until - tiie crass enrines. and the outlook all round is a most gloomy one. On eome large properties the in crease in tiie "- flocks will not exceed ien per cent., and the district average will not be 25 per cent.. As an instance of what an expenditure ii being incurred . by some sheepownera to - preserve .their flocks, we may eta to that yesterday one gentleman as sured ns tost had it not been ntcessary -to feed his sheep he .would have had about £300. worth of -hay to eelL At least one large former in this district had foresight, . for three months ago be sold every hoof of his stock. At tbe time several neighbours ! thought thisrgeat)eman, Vnot to pat too fine' a point upon it," asJJr. Snagsby would say, extremely foolish, bat he .is now free from acxiety about Btacving sheep, and is selling hiB hsy andsfcraw at a high figure." ; \- Warrnambool Cricket Club.— The averages of the Warznambool Gricket GInb;hava been published and by these we sse that that sterling batsman, W. P. Thompson heads'the list with an average of 29 for nine ; jnningB played, and next to him is Oakley, with. 28- .-Greenwood with 20 ie fifth on the list, bat in the A team is credited withhavipg :made .406 rnns in nine innings, orioe not out, thus "giving him an averageof 51, the highest tver scored by a Warrnambool player. He also made the . highest individual score of 184 not on tend toDDed "the howline "record bv takinv OR wickisti for206 ttans. "f Loss of Spirits by Earthquake —What is possibly one of the results of the earthquake shock in Mount Gambier was only discovered this week ; that is the loss of 1700 gallons of spirits from Mr. Engel- brecht's Pioneer Distillery. Mr. Engelbrecht" has (says the S.E. Star) a large iron tank capable of containing 9000 gallons of spirits, but for greater security two other tanks, each with a capacity of 2000 gallons, are placed inside this, and the spirits stored in the inner tanks. Three thousand gallons Were warehoused, but when about to export some of the spirits early last week it was discovered that only about 1300 gallons re mained in the tanks. Investigation proved that the seams of both the outer and inner tanks had started, and that a large quantity of the liquor had escaped, though the fissures in the inner tanks were not large enough to allow of the leakage being very rapid. The hypothesis is that the earth tremor had severely strained the seams of the tanks, and that the weight of the con- tents had caused them to spring a leak. The buildings also bear evidence of the shock. A: Strong Stomaoh. — f 'Hugh -Kalyptus," in . the Adelaide Mbeervtr, writes " I do not know whether toe tee- totallerawill'Vke"tiiis;J)ntJtis,trueaoeor- tiiogto'my informant, Wbrv hringfa fouh-' man, is a hnman'hppuateiethat cartt Lie. SemaykJhata WaiifrilowJcamaworryii around for Uqhor. ahd at last toey gave him a bottle nf keroseoe mixed ,wjto cold' tea. He put the bottle to hie' hra.anShfter toMrucri, ma8l colonial wme. i do not anewexpriiraofc It is reported they are feeding stock I toe Albmy diztact on wheat hu J5 I straw mired with molasses I ftSh,Gtoge Turner has shaved off y, hferft- slid now presents quite a mil;, I aHe is a feUow-passengf -The death is announced of Mr Piq»: > I Augustus Du Croz, whose name as a ufc I of the firm of Dalgety, Dn Croz and Co Jffl I be well remembered by old colonists ' I Some Syrjans in Auckland are beiieved L, I have smuggled in goods to the vain « I thirty or forty thousand pounds and u? I priioe jmve-been raiding their esubliA I ments. The population of Victoria at the 1 Much was estimated at 1,169,807? orml I lesB than at the dose of 1896. Darin V? 1 SSffiT!'""''3 I I tiered in the Tpvm_Hafi on'Thnmdx? I night next, by simedmr, whidi wfflS I assisted by an orchestraT I \- We have received acopyof TitNordm. . I Scandinavian paper published in Melbourne I It? ib so far as appearances go a credibly I production, but -we cannot express an I bpinion astoite contents. ? I . R is estimated that Mr. Kipling's income I while he is special correspondent London Time, at five thousand dollm?! I month, will be equal to the interest elm. I rmllibn two hundred thousand dollars I Messrs. Cobb and Co. announce in their I advertisement - that the -coach will I leave Casterton at 1. 15 p.m. , instead of at r I p.m., arriving in. Hamilton at 6.45 p.m. I time to catch the evening train for U'LJt I Bamboo! and Melbonrne. I The Courier having stated that a 3W_ I ham farmer got 190 tons of potatoes fn I twenty-one acres, has received a letter fmH! I Dean; stating that 116 bags of potatoes were I got there from seven square chains, or at uJ I rate of 290 tons from 21 acres. I The debts in the insolvent estate of C W I James total £515,255. The largest credited I are toe Dominion Banking and Investment I Corporation limited, £171,399 ; Jaafa 1 Gibson and Junes Reed, £100,624 ; nivnt I Melbourne .Bank, £185,519 ; Commeaal I Bank, £57,713. I . The registration of tbe Mutual Benefit I Society -of Australasia has been cancelled, it I having entered:'into the business offffc I assurance without depositing £5,000 wito I the Government as a guarantee of its stx- I hflily." ' The Society can appeal to 'flu I Supreme Court. U r. Winter Tmno havinn «. I 7, ' T" _ © — .aasg ACteO«U H Cranbonrne I'ark estate at £100 per mooti, fl to a sheepowner, the latter sent 7,000 sheep I there in two trains. Of these 650 were lolled during b-ansit, and at Cranbomm I station more died. Altogether it is believed I 1/000 were too weak to lire. I "We learn from The Spectator mi | ft. I sumary Oasette that the Bev. S. Adamsw I of the Hamilton- Wesleyan Church, hag ig.' M cepted an invitation for next year from the I Chnrch at Golden Square, Bendigo. where he I will -succeed the Rev. J. Nicholson, whoec I foil term expires next Conference. H As the Oamperdown lock up is not anel I within the meaning of the Act, when a " drank " is unable to pay a 5s fine hemmt be sent to Geelonjj'to Berve his twenty-fmr I hours' . imprisonment, which .is the aliena- .tive-hd by the time he reaches his desfim- tion his sentence is half completed. M Thomas -Drewitt, known as Thomis Bourke :in' Warrnambool, was charged at the I ?olice court there on Saturday with bigamy, I he wife srid - that if he bore certain tatto marks on his arm, he was her hnshtni -The arm was bared, and there were the marks sure enough. . Moral— Eschew lit- I tooing. I TheEuroa Butter and Ice Factory Com- I pany must be a - large concern. For the year ending March 31at its receipts lor afa I of butter and cheese amounted to £3259, and with -sales of ice and balance hroeght I forward from toe previous year the total was £33,538. A dividend at the rate of 10 I per cent, was declared. The Kanrira correspondent of the iye is responsible for the following story t-'i farmer here, fearing to leare his seed wheat H in his shed, removed it into his house, which I is a solid brick structure. His hungry H stock attacked his residence, broke throogh two doors, and got at the wheat Wha H this supply was exhausted the animab B pursued their investigations further, md, M getting access to a bedroom, ate the slow mattress that was upon the bedstead. 