Strange Story of a Ghost. From Hsl'on Ilolegote, a village near Sptlsby, Lincolnshire, cotnes a moBt mysterious pto'ry, which one can easily imagine is causing the nt most sensation among tho simple country folk in tho neighborhood. For some tune rumors or human bones having been discovered nnder a brick floor of a farmhouse near the village, of Btrange, unearthly lapping and tho liko having been heard, and of a ghoet having been seen, have been afloat, and it was with the intention (if possible) of sifting tho mystery to tho bot tom, that o Liiiooln reporter has just visited the sceno. Tho farmstead standu back some distance from the highroad, and it is occupied by a Mr. aud Mrs. Wilson and their man-servant. On being interviewed by th& reporter, Mrs. Wilson related the following Btory : — ' We. came bore on Lady Day last. The first night or so wo heard very strange noises about midnight, as though someone was knocking nt the doors and walls. Once it seemed as though someone was moving all the things about in a hurry downstairs. Another time the noise was like a heavy picture falling from the walls, but in the morning I found everything as right as it was the night before. The servant-man left, saying that he dare not stop, and we had to get another. Then about six weeks ago I saw 'something.' Before getting into bed, tny hus band having retired before me, I thought I would go downstairs, and see if the cow was all right, as it was about to oolve. I did so, and when at the fool of the stairs, just as I was about to go up again, I saw an old man standing at the top and looking at me. He was standing as though he was very round- shouldered. How I got past I cannot say, but I darted past him into the bedroom and slammed tlie door. Here I went to get some water from tlie dressing- table ; but, feeling that someone was behind me, 1 tinned round sharply and there again stood the same old man, lie quickly vanished, but 1 am quite certain I bad seen him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quite so distinctly.' Mr. Wilson next conducted her interviewer to the sitting-room, where, it ap peared, a gruesome discovery had been made. The floor in one corner, it Beetns, had been very uneven, and a day or two ago Mrs. Wilson took up the bricks with the intention of relaying them. No sooner had she done this, however, than a most disagreeable odor was .emitted. Her suspicions being aroused, she called her bus band, and the two commenced a minute exam ination. Three or four bones were £soon turned over together with a gold ring and several pieces of old black silk. All these had evidently been buried in quicklime, tlie bones and silk being obviously burnt therewith. Tho search after this was not further prosecuted, but n quantity of sand introduced and thefloor quickly levelled again. Asked what her own opinien was on the mys teries, Mrs Wilson confidently asserted berbelief that at souie time or|oilier foul play had taken place. She wns,fi lly persuaded in her own mind with regard to the apparition ; for, though it was SHggested.tlintslie might have been mis taken, "she disdained the idea as being beneath notice. Dr. Gay, to whom the bones were sub mitted, stated they might be those of a dog or P'g- Writing later, the correspondent says Dr. Gay. on further examination, 'states tlie.bonesare un doubtedly human, but bejbelieves the in to be nearly a hundred years old. 