Chaptee. X\'\'n — Retribution. Captain Crawford -wrote a few lines to Lois before he left the house, bidding her farewell, and as he knew that Clement Dene would be waiting about and watching, he took care to vua.be bis departure as demonstrative a* possible. But he made tare that the door would be fast locked behind him, and did not certainly contradict the burly landlord's evident' opinion of the other as a pestilent The very next day Lois went borne to be nursed through a eort of low fever, from which she prayed often and fervently never to rally, seeing that the future looked so hopeless and dreary. Meanwhile Clement Dene returned to the Place, giving a very plausible reason for bis disappearance, which people believed or not, as they liked. He made every effort to induce Lob to live with him— even sued her for a restitution of conjugal rights, but she sent back the summons to him with these words ' writ large ' across it : ' I may be carried into your house dead, bnt I will never enter it alive.' He understood this to be a threat which she was quite capable of carrying out now adays, and gave in, hoping that time would soften her feelings towards him, and recog nising at last the xmpossibQiry of hurrying matters. All this while Mr. Doncombe vas his staunch alley, having a very high idea of a wife's dories. She bad married Clement Dene, he said, and whatever his faults might be, she sought to Btick to him. Besides, a wife separated from her husband had no position, and careful as she might be she could hardly escape ale may. Bat certainly it would have been difficult for the inoet vkioo* ecandaiinonger to say anythmg against Jxiis, the liced tccfa a quiet i life amongst btr boots and fiowen ana ha1 poor. She was near!y worshipped in Graydon, and sometimes u Clement Dene can- her pass by on some errand of mercy, and doffed hie bat to her, receiving a tligbt bow in return, be felt as if the love of feoch a noble creature would not only make a man'e Ufe blessed, but help him to Heaven ar Uct. And so a year passed without change or incident — the one great comfort to Lois all this time being that Captain Crawford was absolutely reinstated in tbe good opinion of his fellowmeo, and becoming more and more rained and appreciated bv Sir Charles M 'Donald, and a still fester friend of his former brother officer, the heir. One antmnn evening Lois was returning late from ? sick bed -(the coast -guard had never been ceen in Graydon since tbe night of Mrs. Brit ton 'b death, and therefore the was no longer afraid), when Kitty came running breatblesftly down the lane to meet her. 'Oh, Lois,' eke panted, 'we have been looking for yon everywhere. Dr. Tryon has just been over to say that Clement has had a terrible accident oat shooting, and wants to see too.' The colour receded suddenly from Lou'e far?, and her head swam giddily. Kitty pat oat her strong young hand and steadied her, tbea took ber arm and drew her quickly towards the house. Mr. and Mrs. Dancombe were waiting anxiously for ber in the porch. 'Clement has sent a carriage,'' the former said, very gravely, ' and your mother and I will accompany yon. 1 am afraid there is not b, minute to lose.' 'I am ready,' replied Lots, suddenly calm. And not another word was epoken until the carriage from the Place was at tbe door, and Mr. Dancombe bad helped them both in and taken fail own seat. Then Lois asked bow it had happened. ' He vu oat shooting ia tbe Lady Wood, and getting tbroogfa a bedge his pan exploded. He had not even a keeper with him, bat for' ornately someone wu pawing, and found him lying insensible in the ditch, and gave the alarm. Dr. Tryon was eoon on the spot, and dressed bis wound, bet be saye nothing can save him.' 'la he sensible nowT *' Quite, i*^ asked for you. Von cannot Lois hong ber bead, and was eUent again onto* they drove up to the bouse. As they passed through tbe door Jip came running forward to meet her, with every demon stration of delight and welcome. She knew that Clement bad brought him back with him to Graydon, bat coaid never understand bow he had regained pouesEion of him. Bat that mystery, and otiiers, was soon to be ex plained. Dr. Tryon came down to meet them, having returned to bis patient, »'^ coo ducted Lois at once nnstsirs, Mr. and Mrs. Duncombe following. The dying mia was sitting propped op by pillows, and you could see by his ashen bee that the end wu not far off, bat be wu quite sensible and collected, and when Lois gave him ber hand, tbe old passion, strong in death, flamed op into his eyes, and gave vivid life to his pinched features for a few moments. ''Mine— all mine— at but,' be murmured, with bis lipn glued to her palm ; and, seeing that the end was to near, Lois did not with draw It. For a while be was silent from sheer ecstasy. Then tbe coidness and fatntness came back again, and warned him to get his confession over whilst there was yet time. He 'motioned Mrs. Dancombe to give him some of tbe strong restorative Dr. Tryon had placed beside him, and still holding fast to Loin's hand, be began his guilty, sorrowful tale. ' Yon know,' Bbe said, looking from one to the other wistfully, ' that I had a secret in my life, a eecrel that Julian Crawford alone knew and had sworn not to divulge, but you never guessed, perhaps, that I was a mur derer.'1 Lois's hand made a movement as if to with draw itself, but she remembered that it was not for ber to ]ocU;ehim, and it remained where it was. ** My only excuse is that it wu not a pre meditated murder. The man offended me, and, never having been taoght to control my passions, I killed him.' ' What was tbe man's name *'' inquired Mr. Duncombe. gravely. 'Sydney Grave*. The affair made a great sensation at tbe rirre because of the iTngjene trable mystery tbat surrounded it, and I was □ever even inspected, so far as I knew. Lot I led a dog'B life for a conple of years. ' 'That wa. why yon Wi the firm, I suppose »' ** ¥e«, I lboaf»ht I was betu-r out of England for a while. When it had all blown over, I returned and after a time settled *' How came Captain Crawford to be in your confidence ?' 'He was present when the murder was committed, bat for. the sake of our old boyish friendship, he promised to keep my secret, on condition that I never offered any woman my name without telling ber the stain upon it.' *' Which yoa were bound to do, of course,' pat in Mr. Duncombe, severely. ' Ye*, I know. Bat my passion for Lois was stronger than my honour, and I refused. You know what happened after that, Julias would not break his solemn oath not to betray me, but he kept aa rigidly to his conditions, and I had to yield. Bat 1 thought of a way of circumventing him, and laid my plans accordingly. If he were hanged for my murder, I should not be responsible for the mistake, and could reappear after an interval and claim my wife. Willie heard his threat, and I took care he was subpoenaed andj questioned, for I sent an anonymous letter to , i be police, telling them tbat he could give more information than anyone else on the subject.' ?* Poor Willie :™ murmured Lois, remember ing all be bad eeffered. ' They let him off easy enough. If I could. have questioned him, I should have pat things in a stronger light. Anyhow, it does not ?natter now. He was acquitted, thanks to che Methodist parson.' ' Yea ought to be thankful that be we,' interpolated Mr. Dancombe. ' It is one sin less to answer for.1 'I don't know. It is the intention that counts, I expect, and I meant it, sure enough.' ?* Yon have cot told as how yoa m*»nTgp^ the deception.' *' Easily,' he answered, with suppressed triumph, ' although it must be owned that fort doe favoured me. I kept in tbe wood that day until dark, and then I rowed myself to Minster, where 1 remained in hiding till night. By dawn tbe next day I set off again in my boat, keeping to the lonely part of tbe chore, and meeting no in the water, and rowed off to his aEsictancfc. I 301 him into the boat, and made every e&ort; to restore him, bat be was too far gone, poor fellow ! and I was just going to cast him back into tbe sea when it struct me that his uniform might be of use ; but I dried it first of alL then dressed him in my clothes and myself id bis. After this I dropped him into the sea, knowing well that tbe tide would land him on tbe beach not very far from Graydon ; and as he was about ray height, and was wearing my coat, he woold be probably taken for me, especially as bis face was somewhat disfigured in striking acanuft the rocks when be felL' 'Then yoa were the coast-guard who frightened Mrs Britton to death T Mr. ' I did not mean to kill ber. I thought she ought to know the truth, and there was no one else to tell ber. I fancied it would be a comfort to her to know be bad bad such a beautiful funeraL I enjoyed it very much myself,' he concluded, with a gleam of malicious satisfaction. 'Everything was so well done, and there were so many mourners. ' He laugbed hoarsely and stretched out fats band for another dose of the restorative before be answered Lois's question, 'Then it was yoa I raw at the four cross roads that night?' ' Fes. I was got up as a ghost on that occasion, and I fancy I played my part welL Indeed, I muit have played most of my parts well,' he added, with a grim chuckle, 'for I was never found out. By-the-bye, you never advertised for your jewels.' turning to bis wife. 'I did not want them back,1' she answered, colouring. ' Von will find them in the Btroug box in my bedroom. You can wear them or not, as yoa like ; hot they belong to you, and no onR else,'heEaid. Dr. Tyiou came in at this moment, ?nd see ing that Clement had rallied considerably, and the end was not bo near aa he had thought, forbade any farther excitement for his patient, who went to sleep quietly, still holding his wife's hand. Later on be and Lois had another talk alone, in which be expressed regret for bis conduct to Captain Crawford, and asked to see 'I meant to till him that night in tbe Manor grounds,' he told her. ' I always thought tbat it was hie influence that kept- as apart, and my only hope of gaining you was keeping him out of the way.' 'If I had loved you nothing -ronld have kept us apart,*1 ehe said. ** But yon married me, Lois.' '* Yes, and I know that I committed a great sin, and am in a measure responsible for some of your crimes,rishean£wered humbly. ' Let us pray to God to forgive us both.' There was a ehort silence, and then Lois asked him how he had managed to impose upon her in the arbour that night, aud he smiled as h* answered her. ** Your mind was prepared for a visitation of this sort by my supposed appearance at the four cross-roads, and then you forgot the window in the arbour close to your ear. I opened it gradually whilst you were absorbed in your talk, and so heard all yenr conver- I ' How could you *' she cried, indignantly. ' I had the right, since you were my wife. I hadn't many privileges,' he added bitterly, 'but that, a;ltt£t, was one. I also had the pleasure of locking the greenhouse door behind you and giving you & good fright, when I saw you come out and gaeeeed your errand. I was often dose beside you and feasting my eyes upon your face, when you little suspected ' I believe you enjoyed deceiving ns all,' she could not help saving. ' Well, BOtnetiines/7 he admitted, 'hat the situation had its dan2eroos and its desolate tide, too. Ais I went 'by tbe empty Place at night, or watched the light go out in your window, the sense of loneliness and bome iessness almost overpowered me sometimes, and if it had not been for Jip, who was more to me than ever, since von had cared for him, I should have come forward much soooer. ' As it was you waited to make a grand coup?'1 ehe said, resentfully. ' Yes, I wanted Julian Crawford to feel what I have felt. Tbe cup was juet at my Ups when he dashed it from me ; it was just at his lips when I dashed it from him. We are quits at last V* His voice rang out load, dear, triumphant, then Hjp^ away in a hoarse murmur, and be fell back insensible. So be remained for hoars, and then he milled again, sufficiently to see Captain Crawford when he arrived, and to make his peace with God. Three months before Clement Dene's death he bad made a new wffl, in which be left tbe bulk of his property to Captain Crawford, Lois's settlement provided for her amply, and she had a. legacy of £10,000 in addition. It is possible that this was meant as a salve to his conscience at the moment, an act of atonement which cost him nothing, anA could be cancelled at any time. But thougtfhe wu sensible at the last, he made no change, bo that we may hope be had really repented of the wrong he had done. The magnificent monmreot to 'detnent Dene, Keq.,' in Graydon Churchyard, was placed over another -and newer crave, and Lois was able to carry ont ber promise to Mrs. Britton, and Uy her and her child by her husband's side. A simple stone marks the epot where they sleep, and the 6owers that Jessie put, out of pare womanly pity, on a supposed stranger's heart, bave thsir pro totypes blooming outside, as Lois begged plants from the same garden, to make her little act of kindness complete. There is no doubt about Lois's position now, or of ber happinms cither, and her children's caressine fingers have done what even her husband's kisses could not do — smoothed all the lines of past care and trouble oat of her face, so that she seems to Captain Crawford's loving eyes to grow more beautiful, as well a« wiser, every day. But then she has passed through the furnace of affliction, and has come oat purified. A few more words, and we have done. Captain Crawford has solved the mystery as to the identity of 'John. Smith, Esq.,' and finds ir very easy to forgive Lois tbe little rose which saved his pride and his life at the same time. Willie is a cornet in the Blues, a smart officer, and a right good fellow, everyone says. Kitty, who is magnificently handsome now, in a strikine picturesque way, is engaged to Captain M'Donald of the 206th— 'tne best and truest friend man ever had, and a deal too good for yoc, my dear,*1 Captain Crawford tells ber often, banteringly. Bat. rhnagh Kitty tosses ber heart saucily, ani pooh-nooua the suggestion, it most be owned that she quite agrees with her brother-in-law jn her secret heart. Mrs. Dancombe never having been allowed to spoil her own children, does ber beat to spoil ber grandchildren, whom she simply adores. As for Mr. Duncombe, seeing how prosperous and happy his children now are, he lays it all to his superior generalship, and like all mpn of his calibre, counts up his victories and ignores hie defeats. (The End ) Scrubber : ' I've been enfforing a good deal lately with writer's cramp.' Atticos: 'In your fingers or in yoor stomach *' 