SELEDl'IOSiS FttUS " TKIilH." December 10. Sir Hnzb Gilzcan Rrifi ivnt"?s taat toe King of the tielgiaos does not LunBelf .pax-, ticipate .in the profits of the gambling io Belgium, -end that a Bill is shortly to b« brought in prohibiting public gambling in deal with actualities. Both in Oitendaod in Spa there are gambling establishments practically as open to-all the world as that of Monte Carlo it is to be presumed that the concessionaries pay\far the privilege accorded to them, and that this payment goes into the pocktts of sarce one Who it maybe is a Ttiere matter of detail. As a mic, gambling i housee do not pay openly to the Government which permits them, but many eminent pereonagee receive doxicacrs privately. Thus, when the Palais KjyaJ estab.ishxnents existed in Pari? the Minister of Police received every evening a rouleau of fiity napr.lccne. A bint to teetoTBlierf. A temperance drink, known as parsnip cle,1 wrs recently found by the Government. chemist to contain mnr? than thirteen per cent, of f.r jflf spirit, whi-h made it a very much stronger tipple xhao any | ordinary b-er. Mr. Andrew Lang recently rela'ed At the Sig« of the Ship,' Lfac t.usry of the muider of one Fisher at Paramatta. which crim-.i was said to have been detected, and the culprit arrested, tried, nnd hanged, through the ghost of the murdered man having appeared on the scene. Now does any Austral &o; archse;>logist know/ asks Mr. Lang, 'whether Sydney V I am asked by an ' Australian archaeologist' to assure Mr. Ling that no reportistobefonnd, for these reasons : there was no Fisher, no murder, no ghost, noarrest, no triai. and no execution. ' Fisher's ghost' was laid in New Sooth Wales many years ago, and it has been left to Mr. Lang to resurrect the hoary-headed impostor. Per haps he suspected it wag a hoax all the time, though I fancy that constant draughts at the evertiowing spring of psychic 3 nonsense and hnmbng are making Mr. Lang, like Mr. Stead, rather inclined to 8 wail) w any fiction in this line, no matter how preposterous. As a practical journalist, I have always admired the business-like principles on which the Daiiu Telegraph is conducted, though I am opposed to the polittc6ot the piper. But somebody must have coco nappiog at the " Daily Telegraph office when the i<iea of a national lestimoual to Mr. Bayard was evolved. Christmas- hexes to other people's servants are a b d old custom at the oest, hot a Christmas-box to an Ambassador from the nation to which he is accredited coold oniy compromise the recipient with his em ployers. Hntvewr, good may come out of evil The Truth Toy Fund is at present in a not too satisfactory position, and it is a form of Christmas-box to which no >xceptioa can possibly be taken. If th Daily Tde graph would band over to that fund i-6 own rejected offering to the American Minister, it would more than atone for itB little indis cretion. Cor-ceruing bishops' aprons, £ untold that tni6 garment is historically nothing bot a fragment of a cassock, bring, in fact, the front part of a cassock with the back and a eeves cut off. Why bishops, or th-ir tailors, have taken to mutilating cassocks in this way my informant does t ot explain. Tbia inform?.- tion is given me us an answer to the lady who in last week's Truth charged the Bishop of Hereford with having himself appropriated a feminine garment. But ladies ate not easily silenced, and perhaps 1 shall be told next that a cassock is only afeminiuc frock, de- priced of its waist and buttoned all down the skirt. Whatever may be said about th- cassock, however, there is strong reason for denying that the apron is essentially a fernic ine garment. For instance, biacksmn bs and cobblers have worn aprons from time im memorial. The apron is, of course, the most ancient garment known, and, if we may trust the third chapter of Genesis, it was originally designed for the use of both sexes indiscrimin ately. An evening i nrnai commenced an obita- ery notice of Bishop Tufnell w:lb the astounding siatenunt that, 4 For a curate to ris. to a bishiip' e estate is a hit which falls to few.5 There never was, and never will be. an Anglican bishop who did not commeoce bis clerical esiter«<wirsi«. fi nb«npiimi couid not be ordained io pne t'e orders unless be ha worked as a curate for a certain period. In a recent bermoo at Oxford-place Chapel, Leeds, the Rev. S. Chadwick referred to the death « f the editor of the Leeds Mercnry, and, according to a local contemporary, ' be judgment of God thar, in the coarse of a brief six moTizhs. death should remove two men from the editorial chair nf a newspaper which once denounced hotting and now openly published betting news.' What a fantastic conception of Divine goodness, wisdom, jus tice, and mercy thisrereremigentia&anmu-t; have ! Consider the meaning of his remark. It plainly implies that God disapproves of the publication of betting news, and that the singaiar way in which he manifests His dis approval is to wait patiently until one par ticular newspaper has come into line with its rivals by publishing sucb news, and then to let His wrath fall, at intervals of six months, on the editors of that journal. Meanwhile, all other sinners on the Press are left to pur sue their wicked wayB, and no miracle is worked in their case for the amnrrtanrf of the Anti-Gambling League. Such, it seems, i» the Chsdhaadian idea of working of the Divine will I Has an Anglican Vicar the right to refuse to celebrate a marriage in his chord when one of tbe parties has not been baptised ? Such a right has been assumed, and exercised in a recent ca&e;, by the Vicar of Abington. The bridegroom whose prospective happiness was thus thwarted was himself a Churchman, the bride being a Nonconformist of some description. The laws relating to die Church of England are in ail reeperts anoma lous, but 1 am trover impression that all members of the community have a right to be married in the State churches, on fulfilling the required formalities, and tb&t; religious tests have -no .place in these formalities. If tharis-notthe law, it onght to be, so long as the churches are 8tate establishments. If public authorities, in tbe exercise of : their official duty, send dogs to be destroyed at the Dogs' Home, the public anthorities onght to pay for the job. This is an opinion that 1 bave.expressed before, bot it seems to call for reiteration in view of the urgent appeal for funds which the Battersea Hume for Lost Dogs is nowissniog. During the last eleven months, owingtobhe operation of the Muzzling Order, 40.016 lost dogs have been received at the Home, and the demands upon the lethal-chamber, resulting from this znffnx of visitors, have been such that a new crematorium has had to be .built at si cost of : over £300. AU the dogs, it most be remem bered, have tobe kept at the expense nf the Home for not less titan fivB days before they are destroyed. The funds of the institution leave, iranwwpnwtiy, huen -everelymrainea, and the benevolent -are asked to heipii oat -of its -difficulties. The Home basmidocbt- ... -odjy-gopa ejeimitm file -famewrient, but in upon the police nadxhe ntapayera. The' A-twincb authorises iheaoiaet nnd daatnuh- tinn of dogs, onght alsoto ranuowerxhipsy- I nf e i einml ill i enni fin >-)—! aadexBcntion. A case to described An TkutAAhemher -day in which ranflidmfcnat n Anny ex amination had bean passed -fit the medical examination on every gnamd neut iuimil to bie : jfaeat-jjimaiiii wnwit,-»na »M given . times months in ft he noold ; bat on gni np llii mhiishI Iimii'." ml rotisfyrng the Medical Bused as to .the size ofhiexdtssthe waBtfaenaummarily rejected on the grrmnd that bin Hnlnnuu defective. IiuvsmnaeJiaiLBHne.tibtthaF parti nolsta of thisi3ise,whirh-tiTOTfnnlher; light son the smbm-lnsi tiimht ioftbiaparticii-' ier candidate, and tofoe-inanrngfleratoway inwhick-fhe mn'ttl , y— Mir »n fofonnedhy timmomimrngsingeinutfart ho was wll right.' - A im- tiiight later he re - \- aeindssdfiae from -tbeWar Office thai be eraethreogneitEveoIeii aimfajbekHrtbercbest . 7iiM«tin3uniilrlwtiBM 1 1 uueit mm'iaimmiii : niirieiii1ii1elilhiiiiniiiiliieiiifgl|7|j||iii btdnre -them fa ohatewnmiiyti 4»1- wiien, on hustDg tiuttena xr-Jected on aeeannt of bis teeih, he -prodnae tbe War Office letter shnwing ih.t iietuul btmp«spd the Board refund to loot at thefester, nnd told him that thehntt Ba»h oonkl«atheve done their duty. Sfce: Arst 7fio«ri, by thej tray,h»dpMm.ianwio«aatyor«emHynffinera, eriioereouw eervipgin the Anny.,- «wn- the j Board the oandidateei>e»ledtaftelHiector- 1 General, A.M.D.,r«|Heetaitinr tbatbehadi been nnfurly treated. Sihe xefily eras that no officer had ever been paMed aot«theA nn' with the same mnnfaeraJautuMal teeth at this particular Trenriiflatn i|se«i initid. Tee' candidate then agluabbmii explanation rom the War Office as ioarby chabad aiot been rejected no expl.natioD. Very tatabBtffly. , is inrxpltreble tend wojnstffi able. Jtrsjcioar freathc faee-abm e rfifiill ifhlfl .Tfia Minin reaeon nnhoown, tbiemwiidateisfmrbaving been yaesed, weaaniadmat -form eeonnd a .miuatioD, on a rrrnnpery.mnd disingenoona -pretext; and if ibiswaa notdone wtba preeoneoired deloriziinBtvon to epio 5 bim. the onthoritiea have done themselves stgteat injustice. Ic udentrlly. this ease throws eome light on tbe great teeth rjneetion which -was dls- ensaed in3Vid& tbe other jiay. Wbenbefore the second Board the candidateasked why bis teeth should disqualify bim. The waawer was that he could not eat the Service hiacnit. fie ieqaeeted that a piece of bieonit should #Jiai hn rnintil: nv Jfc. ihilfc.sfiiil was refneed, .although, on rbe principle -that' the proof of tbe biactnt is in the eating, it' seems the most reaaonsble and practical test that ooold have been suggested. Again, with regard to the Director-Genenlb state- i znent as to the nnmber nf artificial teeth that will disqualify an officer for holding a coffi- miesion, it is oertain that the brat Board this candidate went before were not diasatiafied with his teeth, while itrs affio certain that they passed at least twenty-live -candidates without looking at their teeth at all. If it is not an invariable rule to examine teeth, tile Director-Genera! cannot have any trust worthy data on which to baas bis assertion. 1 believe the teeth objection to -be utter hnmbng; and the way in which thinpsrticnlar candidate was 4 fooled abont' (I know no other adeqnatstenn for it) by tile military anthorities is both unbusinesslike «n itself and grossly unfair to s man who bad spent years in qnalifying himself for the Army, only to be baulked of his commissi on by thi« captions frivolity. It would be very inter esting to know who was let in as the xeenlt of this candidate's exclusion. It is the artful practice of many local governing bodies to go into committee — which means excluding the public nnd the reporters — when they have in hand seme job which is likely to meet with the disapproval of their nonstitnent?. The WeatBromwich. Gnardians resorted to this -last reir-b. bnt, nnfnrtnnarely for its mcnpnn, an. aceonnt of tbe proceedings foimd its way into the Press. It then IranHpirod that the Guardians cen- Eidered a letter, marked 'private,' from the clerk, and that after forty minntre' oration from that frmctiuuary, they agreed to alio him a bonne af £300, and to bmm. his salary from -£225 to X425 per annum. In regard to the nnmber uf bis local --appoint, meets the gentleman in question appears to be a regular Pooh-Bah, for besides the clerk- ship to the West Bromrvich Union, be holds a dozen or more other public offices, and hie total income from such sources- is esid to be upwards of £1500. Moreover, as be ia not himself a solicitor, the legal work of the Union constitutes an extra -charge on tbe raies, and it so happens that the solicitors empoyed hy the Board are his sons. In vit-iv of hese circumstances, the procedure a! the meeting last week was prcnliarly ntiiecLinnable Kven if this pluralist really ha. a fair claim to an increase I stipend for that portion of his time and ability which he devotes to the West Bromwich Union, the matter ought not to have been dealt with in the hole-and-corner fashion which the Guard- iana adopted. For straightforward, downright, ruthless vandalism commend me to the Sal ford Borough Council. Among the pictures in the -Municipal Art .Gallery are portraits ot Sir Hubert Peel, Lord Stanley, John Dal ton, and SIX local \ up a crext deal of room.' For xtiis reason" the Cunncil last week derided to 'cutdowo ' tht.se nine pictures by drptivinc Sir Robert P«el -and the rest nf their iE,JxnDOriog chairs acd ether acofisoaes, and ro reducing the nflftnltii in ?r#» -T liw w had a very ereltwi wproinn : of tbe Salford ! Corporation, bnt 1 did wot think they were capable of perpetrating soch a horrid atrocity ' as thia. Very likely, ton, they are destroy, i iog what are really the most artistic portions j of the pictures. Bankruptcy is, I suppoee, aserions business for some people, hot to the ootside spectator j thecomicsideofitiBnsnailymoreconspicaocs thin the setions. For instance, I have been : looking at thetrestee'sfisalstarement in the ' matter of Mr. AHolplm -Henri which shears that the debtnr's-artsets, estim. a ted to produce £1170. sctnalfy yielded £6 - 5 ., made up of £5 rieposit on petition, ami 'other property, to wit,apnnt, value £1 5.-. : Mr. Chamber yn, therefore, when he weut into liqaidamm, -seems to have been worth ! exactly £5 and a pant— and not a very valoabie punt at that. Heedless to nay, the! whole of the £6 5a. went in fees and other cosis, and as the total expenses of the liquidation were£l£ 19 .-61., xheie remains a balance of £12 Ms Bd. due to the Uffidal Becci versa trustee, it comes, rheref-ire, to ! thia — that, in order to relieve Mr. Cham-, benyn of hiBlialnlitjes, his £5, and biepuct have been handed ovrrto shorthand-writers and bankruptcy officials, and that a farther sum of £12 Ids. Sd- has now to be provided, at -the expense, lanppoaa, of toe enmmnnity at large. A very good joke all remud — ; aapecialiy for Chamberlvn. I fear that I may inenr the wrath of the Antidjwmbimg league fay -having invited sanrcn to the nestion whether there are mure acres in Vorkahire than iettora in tbe Bible. One bveeand learn B,andlbave now learned that in the Korth of England, at any rate, more betting goes on over this qnestion than orer anyother anbjBCt,-with tbe eicpp- tion ofborav-raciiig and football. Whytins should beldo not know ; for, judging by tbe number of Jettera 1 Jisve received, it ' aesms to be almost nmreraaliy .known thai ' Yorkahire wina.iriinnghxtja not -qoitetdtar by howxnoch. Ibere isapeneralmgrnement ' that the nnmber of fotxera in . tbe ibble is : exactly 366,460 ; bnt there isa more diver, i sity of aqdmnn ae to xhe preoiae nnmber nf acre: in Snrkahire. Wbnaker's Ahnasadi , put it at 3.724.703. Basra utha-diBaenx totals b.vebeeo cnsn:tome,bnt Jsnyaelf , alaraysswear by Whftaker. Terhapa if the J — gn- f - toymhhrh tiirrir" hgnres.it wonld pnta-ntoptofurtherbettii , s&arr.; — dreamt acnorriingtotiievmatmnsdlbe coaa-. try juwlwliliefinasiii.iiiilf nrhsadfmoidCT j to mmtow riiwilNgiBtinngm itotoa iqitod; j fulfill -anenon to - rUMif,' totingyredilDBamaai'naiilisMiilfriito'! to-appoalin- hid iwgs fssl iimiil i nliim, eiju: snrii tiin -fnp nf dlinii Iniilif nimi j simatibsaiiiaetiiinBin.btiDwlbejiuictampf filling) Wliy lliia ililisij mi aaiiit jnent olillietop'aif bndiies. sdiilii niiiluulfe; — -riri": assrirtoXweaawiaiiou i Ithgmg'wnil slijiiV nedn7miwiWrt«diroae.agS ibersdnoiWfCT.'msdirejmdtobdiiaab Aanda writboiitislovee. "i5S8|iitatoi5iS dstoiMwtodreBauaxnattoraifsm liiwil Iii hiii 1 1 lisil sis ajm i jijqnreifl lli'if'! aachiinsd'ifoiiBaliaagBBtaimiBtoanDtsjihkir — U.q.J.,,l„..tlhr|Jrtl. - T-|,rt W:' 1:'T lA'-f- ; 'Vf-j-v -- - r.t- r hfltaadaititosiaiim fob; lSw.MlnsHS.nl .. ofiadrsswhu basebeen AaU-marired, rthej'. tieawi'Miniai toBghraraVrarniiwi.'jOne would' Tealiyapaasethatdemale Leanty touprovea' byage,dikeddp<Ht. Sienwwnnrmbt-S inslingui l,iai liliml 3besxmchairainwfakhiheyait,thepiiitiiig in glewingiamsm tooesb ikcanidxutereatj oniy «mdifflsabyinalld«m; haato! 