THE BIJOU THEATRE. When the bell tinkled and the curtain was rang up at the Bijou on Saturday evening and there was displayed the picturesque circle of old favourites, chief among whom was of course Air. Tommy Hudson, with bis wondrous smile—it might almost be termed a worldly smile, for it would be no exaggeration to say that it stretched from China in the east to South Australia in the south—the overflowing house sent up a roof-raising cheer of welcome. The merry minstrslists broke forth into song with the introductory overture "Homeonce more." Space seemed for the nonce annihilated. and we were carried back to fourteen months ago, the time that has elapsed since Hudson's Surprise Party left these shores on their Eastern tour. Having conquered the potentates of those cbmes where they have late bees journeying, the happy company were delighted with «the right royal reception they had "at home." and they one and all entered into their work with the greatest of zest to show their appreciation of the ' cordial greetings. After Miss Lillie Linton, the con versa tionalist, and the funny "Tommy"had had an amusing speech-sparring match, the Thornton Sisters gave a lively song and dance medley, "Jubilation," for which they were recalled. Alias Lilian Stanbridge, whose excellent soprano voice h&B; if anything improved, delighted her hearers with the number "Fetters of gold." Messrs. McKisson and Kearne brought down the house with their acrobatic song and dance, "Southern country," their precision and the capital time they kept in their evolutions ^eliciting the warmest encomiums. Miss Violet Elliott, who will be remembered as singing "The Quaker" in "In Town,"and who joined the Surprise Party to go East, gaye a very sympathetic rendering of "The chimney corner," and the house insisted on an encore. The lady's expression' and enunciation were very effective, her lower* and middle notes were round, full, and pleasing, but her upper register was not so good. She was, however, under the disadvantage of the fatigue of travel, and her best efforts will be heard later on. Mr. Hudson contributed the humorette and jubilee refrain ** I want ma honey," and it is safe to say that age cannot wither nor custom stale the'evergreen minstrel's infinite variety. A vociferous recall followed bis ludicrous funniness. There might be such a thing as "Too much Johnson," but it would be highly criminal to hint at " Too much Hudson." Pdite Ida Rosslyn, with her merry eyes, winsome face, and lively presence, is as cheering to the spirits as a glass of champagne; her serio effusion and dance "The jolly girl" met with an undoubtedly healthy encore. But Mr. Wallace King received the ovation of the evening. He had to stand bowing for several minutes to thunders of applause. His rendering of " By the waters" earned for the tenor another demonstration of approbation, and he responded with _ his favourite "Sallie Horner." After" a piano interlude by Mr. H. Burton, Altro, the clever equilibrist, renewed his acqaintance with the Adelaide public, and bis clean and dextrous business found as favour as of yore, and that is saying a great deal. The proprietor, in the words of the bill, then rhapsodized and parodizod about the " Maid of Athens," and, assisted by Miss L. Linton, introduced a side-splitting burlesque much „ on the modern drama. Miss May Habgood, whose jJaying is -so much enjoyed, gave a capital interpretation of "Air de ballet" (Chaminade),and "Scherzo brillante"(Wollenhauft). Miss Ida Rosslyn was bountifully chic while she told of the " People we meet" in the Strand. Messrs. Watkins and Sherwin have recently joined the party, and in this duad Mr. Hudson has secured an undoubted acquisition to the show. The one is as funny as the other is clever in producing music, and- meritorious music, too, from all sorts and conditions of instruments, the selections on the mandolin, sleigh bells, fairy harp,' cow bells, funnels, accordeons, and billiard cues were .worth the money alone. The Town Hall chimes, clear, full, and rhythmical, now soft and echo-like, now swelling and resounding, which were poured forth from a miniature accordeon, excited quite a furore of applause. Blumenthal's " An evening song," arranged as a vocal quartet by Miss May Habpood, and sung by Misses Stanbridge and Elliott and Messrs. Wallace King and Reed, was one of the gems of the evening. Miss Jessie Williams was billed for a "Grotesque leg-mania specialty." The young lady is a wonderful high-kicker, and can put herself into all sorts of almost impossible positions, but her most difficult feats are not the most graceful of her turn. The entertainment concluded with laughable sketch entitled " Dr. Brown's Troubles; or Thompson's Ghost," and the audience must have gone home srailine, determined to take the first opportunity to tell their friends to go and see the donators of mirth and music. 