THE DaWr. The dawn stole into the yearning sky. Oat of the mysterious night it issued, preparing a golden pathway for the son. and through the dawn Racy passed, out of the House of Blood, into the lumi nous yellow light. The grass shone with glittering dew drops, and made a green way for Racy. The pimpernels of his wood had become yellow buttercups amongst green leaves, and blue forget-me-nots luxuriated in the marsh; white daisies tvinkled in the meadow. There was not one red flower for him to gather; so he came to the low grey wall that bounded Sir Wil liam Darcy's grounds, Racy leaned upon the wall, and drew deep breaths of early air. This was youth, this was the exercising of the spirit of heredity. Even Racy might taste of a common pleasure in living with the dumb things that were awake with him. She woke, it was early. She heard the birds calling to each other, and she went softly to her window. Far away she Eaw the House of Blood, with the morning light creeping round it, and making the pine wood very dark. She thought of the Mlaster, burie I in the empty place, with his young, despairing countenance, and she felt a mighty pity in her heart. Racy looked up, and he saw her at the window. She seemed to be looking far away in the direction of the ill omened house. So wild a wish for her bsrst from his soul that it was strange it did not 2ompel her eyes down to him, leaning on the old stone wall. Perhaps it led her to him after all, for when she had seen the sun come over the shoulder of the earth, she turned from the window, took her hat, an] stole down the wide stairs and out into the morning. She looked up and Racy was there. "I have seen the break of day," he said, " and perhaps it is the morning of my life rising. "Of course it is," she said. "You have given up your morbid fancies, and are going to live a true, strong life." "It may be," he said, looking long ingly into her clear eyes; "but it is still so early, Winifred. Tell me where you have been all these years." " I was at home," she answered, "but I have come here because my father and mother are dead. But I have not lost them, I am not afraid, so I can go re joicing in my life. The dawn is our promise of immortality." He looked out over the glowing sky, and smiled. " Uncle William does not much like the disturbance I cause," continued Winifred, " so I am going out into the world to see what I can do. I am only going to stay here a little time." He looked at her with astonishment. "I am rather frightened," she said, smiling. "I do not know anything about the world, or what I can do, but I am young." " It won't do," cried Racy, ' you can not go into the world." "I must," she said, "for I cannot stay where I am unwelcome; and I am not rich." " Bat I am, Winifred." She started from him panting. What was this he was saying to her ? " You know my history, and my fear, which you have dispelled. You came to me when I was on the brink of des peration, you laid the horror of my House, you drove the blood out of the sky, and the ghosts out of my soul. Winifred, Winifred!" 