THE GHOST OF THE SAWMILL. BYW..W. It does not matter to the reader that I was not nhvuys a trapper; I atn one now, but have kept enough of my old literary mute to enjoy a paper now and then, and to take a great Interest In the stories printed iu them, especially b' they huve appearance of truthful ness with them; and It lias occurred to mo that someone might like to read a story about the old mountain mill, for the truth of which I am ready to vouch. A few years ago, things having Iwuit Sleadlly going back with me for some time. I invested what little I had left iu a horse and trap, with some bedding and such necessaries as might start me fairly in the trapping trade. I do not mean rabbit 1 rapping; I was going in l'or more protilable skins, mid had made some skirt of the Buffalo ranges my intended locality. It was pleasant, weather at the end of summer, and I vastly enjoyed the Journey up. I reached the last bit of civilised track, as I might call it,' near sundown one day, and deciding- to enuip there, look my horse out of the trap and camped by Lite side of Hie creek opposite Carr's Accommodation House. When I had fed Hie animal and made tilings snug for the night, I went up to Chit's. As I tica red the long, low tenement of wood, that was store and slmnly ami nccommbdutJon house all In one, L stood in the middle of the roitd and looked round me at surroundings one does not sec many times In a lifetime. A great range of hills, running Just there almost due nnrMi and south, with .gaps ami gorges breaking I hem up liere ami . there, ami mountain si reams among the tangled wUUiiess of green growing tilings, Hashing down from rock to rock In Hie fading sunlight that mndo'tfie waters red and golden for the moment. "A land olMioauty," t.sald, aloud, as I' joined the man 1 took to he Chit, standing in Ids own doorway,'. Yes," he answered, "and u html of romaucc. too. if you only knew It, hut', for nil that; the devil of 11 wilderness to dwell In. Are yon. coming lit? mid. If I inaymsk without offence, where are you singling for so Into?" "L gp no further lo-nlghl; I . cutnp here. to-ulghl, and 1 don't think it likely ttiut-l 'Shull go very, much farther in the morning. I'm. come up with the . Intention of (rapping." \- "Oh, well, you couldn't. flud-n. more likely spot, 1 take it. The hills are smothered with possums ami native bears, not to mention tiger eats and all , the varieties of the kangaroo tribe. That first, gorge to the rigid is just your ticket, and there's a sort of track up as lar as the old mill-that would be useful to you as you Imve a'tnip." "The old mill? What sort of a mill Js it V" "A. sawmill.' Oh, come Inside and' sit down, ir.you want to hear some-. llilng.nlNMit Hie old sawmill; Didn't I tell ymi we. had oiirrniiiaiieoH?- Well, our romance Is the old sawmill." The man was laughing, but not In nn open, hearty manner, as I ./.followed .him aiid .seated 'myself more anxious : to, talk about iny own prospects, ami to get Information than I was to hear.ro- maneoy.;. "Are there any dwellings at all- up the gorge or gap wliere the mill Ik??. T .asked. "There must lie some- one about the mill if it's working at llll." . .';- ; " "Now If yon will listen to mc I'll toll you tliu queerest story you ever heard in all your boru days," the niau. said; quietly, ."ami by .the thne you've. heard if; you'll know all you want -to know about' the dwellers In the gap. If . you \- tiii'ii'voiir. cvmrwnMtwimlM vnti wilt m«h» that there .are a good, many settlors niid cultivators, though inany'of -the ; places where they live arc hidden by. Ibq spurs of tlie range, and the heavily tliuhered land here, and there mi ihe slopes, - That wis I he reason why the mill I'm going to tell- ymi of pahl .so Well, after old. Polor-Dnluuni put It tip and got'Jtr" lulu working- order .about eiglitcen months ago.";. . V - . "lsui't. It. paying now, then?". I quos- ' Honed/as Carr paused to gist Ids pipe. ' 'Wall. and you'H hear. Dolman was always known In the neighborhood: '.'.which is' a wide, one, as you sec) .us it . illsagraeahle, crusty . old chap, who had . got argood lilt of money-saved up, and , was not satisfied witlimit adding to it, . though- ho is -nearer eighty Hum . seveutj', tiiid without a soul belonging Ui lilm : but nim grown itp daughter .« that lives with him. Well, lie gol the sawmill put up. engaged a young man .who understood I lie wofk, and started, us I said. about eighteen mouths ago. "There were not so many settlers then as I liere are now, but there was a- good bit of bush building gohigun, ' so that the mill-was kept busy;; lltbre being none other nearer that! the one at j : Oraysfoot. hm miles off. Tilings went < on till right uuill one nlghl, about si.; months ago now, young Kingsfonl.The 'chap that.' worked the saw-mi!, disap peared, was murdered, II Is yuid, ami so. now the mill Is. worked hy Ids ghost." . "Sluff nn'd nonsense," 1 cried. ' "It's worked without Imnds, niiyhow, and I don't mean to try and explain <uch mysteries of ihe'.oihcr world. I < aelle.vo'lu the Hplrits-of iiiurdered men ' appearing, I do,; ami so '3011 tuay iiiinl: I'm prejudiced, . but uiiy imin about here will tellyoirthe same. story.? -V "T dou'M|Ulte understand' what you mean. - Howls, the sawmill worked . without hands?" "When a man round here-wnnls any rough sawing done, lie simply curls his limber to the mill, ami lea vcA It there, marked as'he wnnts ll snwn, and when .he goes to cart. It away he leaves the money Inside ihe old hut on the win dow-sill. You may he sure that Is done hv davlight, for iiiere isn't, a man in the valley that .would go Into that hut after dark. The blood status are red yet where It Is believed young Kings- ' mid hill ttjitlot the murderer's hand." "Was tlm Imdy ever found?" . "No, It. wasn't, and so old Dolman's story that he packed iilm oft been use :1m laid tlm clmelt to lie eourtltig iiis girl mi the sly was listened to; hut when ' the spirit ' of young Klngsford began to bo talked aboitl, and the saw-bench be gun to'nmve at night, wheu'the sluice was turned on without hands, no man ' believed old Dolman's tale," "L'ahl It's tlm old fellow himself that's working the tiling." 1 wild; "1 suppose he gets mure for Hie sawing hy cncmmiglng the ghost belief." "lie gels nothing; It would he simply ' Impossible for old Dele Dolman to step over his own threshold now. lie was , struck with some sort of paralysis ot tlm legs Urn very night Hint Herbert Klngsford .disappeared. IT 1 believe In spirits, I believe in Judgments, too, imd 1 believe that old Dolman's 'stroke' was a Judgment 011 him for his slti." "Oh, If judgments, as you call them, were sent ou us for slit, neither 3011 or I should have escaped," I re marked. "Neither you or 1110 have commuted the sin we are talking about." he nn- sworcd, shandy. "I hope neither of us are murderers. 1 know I'm uoL". I laughed a bit, sis-lug that Carr was angry# "Well, we wou't quarrel about It, Mr Carr; you say no one would go Into Hie hut after dark. What sort of u place Is H?" tidy enough ptace, built with rough sawn timber, ami has a good bush chimney. I've not been up my self, but they tell me that It's Just as young Klngsford loft It." "I wonder If the old chap would let me live In It." "Dive hi It V You? Jlythcl.ord, I Wouldn't live near the place for hun dreds a year ! Oh, I daresay lm'd lie only too glad. At all events, the mill Is not a quarter of it mile from Dol man's place, and If 3011 go up the gap you can easily nsk him." . "I will. , I will go tip to see the place early to-morrow, ami if I like It I will sou I'oler Dolman," I thought n good deal of Carr's story before 1 fell asleep that night, tinder tlm tarpaulin thrown over. iny trap; for 1 had a little bit of super stition about ine, although 1 had not exhibited It to Cab. 1 was full of. ro mance, too, iik tin old schoolboy, and felt a deep curiosity nlsiut the mystery, of youug Kltigsford's disappearance, as well as a hope that I might lie able to throw some light upon it, A lovely drive Hie next, morning into Hie gap, that was a perfect wilderness of Australian nature, brought urn, after about a mile's drive, to tlm old mill that was at the end of the green Im rely marked track that I had fob lowed. - One could not. conceive a lone lier place; The mill itself was only a big shod covering the rough machinery that wurkd the circular saw, aud the long saw hcncli ou which the timber was laiil and cut. ' The driving wheel was. worked hy water, hut the.' sluice that.' led ttm. Klrcmn Twin a little duut higher up ou the hill was dry when 1 first saw It. though there were heavy dew drops on every hit of herbage n round It. . I, had dismounted from tlm trap and turned to have u look for the whoro- uhouts'of the hut. .it stood half hidden among tail, thick trees, whose shadow lay heavily on its roof, aud It was about forty yards from Ihe saw bench/Doing closer to the hut, I saw thai the wooden door. was fastened only 011 the outside by ti hasp mid staple, through which a peg. of wood was passed loosely, 1 opened I lie door mid entered. Tlm' chimney was wide, and llm rain and drip from'. the .big. trims had been running down its stone sides and back, wetting a heap of sodden ashes thai showed the remains of a wood lire. There was a bed ptace In one corner, r few I'otigli shelves and a bush table. Tlm tloor was roughly covered' with boards that.. vul retained deeply the- marks of (ho circular saw used In cut ting thum, and in front of the lire, was a great red. stalir ingrained Into the hoards, uud splashed hi more limn one spot between the principal stain and tlm door were red marks, fresh looking, ns.lf they .had been -made but a. few 'days before. I went to life little window of four panes, and looked through it. seeing omy-here and there between the droop ing hninehos and- undergrowth parts of .the. mill bench, and llm.stmd that sheltered It. I noticed, then, for the first time (hat the side of the slied nearest, tlm hut was hoarded1 in fur about half' its length., Thou 1 looked down at the. hit of hoard that formed the window-sill (,'arr had spoken of, and look up a 'bit of paper thai lay there. Tliepuperbad evidently been wrapped round coin, and had ou it the words In pencil!. '.'Kitty feel for Dan Tynan." «It- was a.- lonely, miserable-looking place, Jliut emplj hut, ami a dozen mur ders might; have been committed lu.lt without the. world ' ever .'hearing'; of them, tint It only wanted light and ulr. iViun iiouis uoi'K among um. trues would let the sunlight in, apd give lim gliosis u. chance to escape from it. That was. my' decision as I went out again, leaving' the door wide open to let .the alr ln.. Doing- hack jo the trap I lieard . the Komid of whtMjls, and turning hi tlm di rection stiw coining toward. Ilio mill, with - two -'rouglily-.sqr.arcd logs, on, u dra.v. a hni'se-drlveii liy a man in ids shirl sleevi.-s, who. didn't seem to be miieii impressed by the dread of ghosts, fpr he.. was .whistling loudly. The road ho .was advancing hy was a. much bet tor track tlian lluMiim I laid approaehcil hy,.aud seenietl to have lieen used fre quently enough to keep down Urn grass on tlm footway,,.. A very ma tier of I'nel eiistonier- was thin new-comer; he .tool; iio uolice' of me wlialerer until lie laid deposit isl Ills, logs hi Ihe .vicinity of lim saw.heueh, Imt then, as lm„thow the in who away,, and I la? ImiiI.v' of. tlm dray fell liuck oa'tlm shnfts, he put In the J.iyich jdnH Jiial spoke to me. . 'rStraiiger, I guess?". he questioned, as die .turned his sharp ej'es from my rrap-lo myself. . "Yes,?. I "replied, . "What's tlm guiim, male?" ?l Intend to try trapping about here." vYek; well,- It's a- belter spoKtlmn a good many. . Have, you .hoard of , tlm MlilUhost?"' "Yes: 1 slopped at Carr's lasi night." "Yes, yes; he'd tell 3011 the. story-.of the ghost, never douhl.hiin! Hut I'm very siire lie doesn't believe u word -of It IdniKolf." "Wliy Klmuld ha Jell It as- If Im (lid, 'then?"-. .:' : . . :.'. " "To make hliuseli' a person of conse quence hiiforo strangers, and because la? has, and aUvnya had, a down'on old Dohiiaii Hince they (jtuirreUed.a couple of years ago.? , ' "You don't bcllovo that. a ghost works tlm mill, then ?" ;,Do 1 look like a fool?" Im ' asked, witiriuetVahie contempt, as he drew a bit of chalk from his pocket, and, stoop ing over' his logs, scraivled .on them; "gimrlurltig. dohii Mills." "No, sir; 1 don't believe Iu humbugs of anv sort, aud Hill Carr is about as hlg a mm as you'll thai, 1 don't believe that Kerb. Klugsford was murdered at all, nor I don't care .whether he was or not, as'rar.as that goes. . One thing ! do kimw, and that Is that the other saw mill Is ten nillgH off, and It pays nm . to give old Miser Dolman n cent. nr. two moro for the sawing L want. : Dolman was always a queer. curd, mid, If lie 3vants to make u ghost of himself .1) fore his time It's nothing lo me— gliosis, don't waul money." "Hut Carr Hiihl that Dolman Is pnra- "lyscd?" . . . "AluylKi he Is, and niaylm-lm Isn't. "1 f s nil 01m lo 1110 so long as I gol'.iny wood sawn. If old l'ete doesn't do It hlmseir someone else does;" and .with a "Dee up!" aud a "So loug!" .lolm .Mills drove his empty dray Immo again, whistling "I Cnro. for Nolmdy.-No Not 1; and Nobody Cares for Me," as he sat on his shaft, dangling his lugs over tlm long grass by the roadside.. Of course, tlm man had talked sense, t knew that very well. Still, 1 was an xious to llnd out what old Dolman's reason for pretending that he was para lysed, as well as tlm truth of tin? report about young Klngsford having been murdered. However, my llrst business was to see to tlm safely of uiy property, and without the least hesitation of con- science 1 milmrnessisl ihe horse, and t4?iturcd ill 111 among the rich grass ueur the haunted mill, and then 1 uulundctl the trap ami carried alt my belongings into '.the hut, fastening the door with the padlock belonging to my " tucker box."- -Then I set my face toward old 1'ctcr Dolman's place." to which Carr tiad directed mc (lie nearest way, which Was up ttm hill behind the saw mill, and following pretty closely the race Hint was fed hy a sluice from tlm more' elevated dam. I found this out us I trod, the well-marked path Hint followed the easiest curves 011 the face or tlm Kauge. until It landed me mi the hunk of the little dam, which had, I thought, ver3. unnecessarily been form ed lo store tlm waters of a tievcr-failhig nintiutain stream. -Onoo I here. I saw the simple mecha nism that admitted the water into tlm sluice, uud thence to the race. I noticed too tlmt the water in tlm dam was below. its usual level, although I could from wlmro I stood hoar tlm leaping fall of water over tho mountain cas cades, and see hi places tho white spiny rising from the deep pools hidden hy the thick shrubs far higher up on the Itiiiige. I was observing the margin marks on the border of |he dam, show ing the lowered level of tlm water, when I saw what looked like the brim of'itn oh! felt hat just showing at tho clear edge of the -shallow; You may. he. sure 1 was curious enough 10 pick H on!, and hold It up, all dripping, for a nearer Inspection, It had been. a brown boxer hut; and there were idarlt' stains along 01m side, under 11 straight cut thai might huvu. been made by a. bullet. , Now, I. had never heard the partleu- lars,- or, rather, tlm supposed particu lars; "of youiig Kingsford's murder, hut if lie was really missing ami this should prove to have been his lint the evidence might 'he valuable.. I stowed 'the. hat carefully among some long grass under u hush, and went 011 tuy way „ to old Dolman's. ' . 1 1 had not much further to go. . On a' plateau that sloped gradually down to the '.valley- bo.voud stood 'a. .weather board and wcuthcrlicutcn house, with; a good many stable or' other- buildiugs ,/and. sheds at the back, where I here 'was also a great slack of iiewl3-ciil hay. There were gurdeu and vines In pretty good order; but no more cultivation In sight than . Just enough to grow fodder or grain for the use of the cattle that wen? here ami thereabout the fences, not yet perhaps having scattered lo pasture ory water silice they tven? milked. There.wiis a inhldle-iigccl inan fi?edliig calves. inside, nm! I went, straight to him, asking if I could see Mr Dolinnn, The mail looked at. me curiously, while the calves linlslicsl Hie ttillk In tile trough, and then im sald he wuitlil see; Mi' Doliiiau had not liecu well during the night, and might hu tell the master what my Imsliiess was? . . "You may say It's about tlm .old saw mill!" I replied, a ml 1 saw lit the man's eyes a queer anxiety that pir/r.led me. He' was not long gone, however, whou' he came buck to- -lend me Into tin? house, where 1 saw old Deter Doliuun for tlm llrst thue. The llrst look Into his face assured md tlint lt was not the owner who work-, oil. the mill ut night, for he looked more like a dead umn than 11 living one, as far as color weui. Mis deep sunken eyes, however, glared Willi n fevurlsli- looking. Are, as they turncd-to me ques- tionlngly. and his-luiliow cheeks were moved In and out by the working' of his almost toothless jaws, lie linlf sat! half reclined, iu au old-fashioued arm chair. that .had rough Itumc-nmde wheels to it, aiul Ihe lower part of ills lM»dy was hidden -bv wrappings of hlankets and rugs. : "Aye?" he said shnrplv. a.ve? what s Uds 3ou v.'niit about the sawmlll, Jtke your ehV'ck Indeed calling It nirold saw- UIIII. -IIOU II Olllll mill U liiUl UOg >Y,IS impped, . What. do you , want, about . Ihe mill? I wish you'd rent It. Open your muiitli,- man, ami don't 'stand.,. staring there like a. douko.vj- ;'l will- sir;' 1. replied, as I draw for ward a chair and seated uiysWf. vI ex pressed mvself hadiv. to vom man, Dm lirrahl.' for my .business Is iiot;coiiei»fn- lug the sawmill at nll.'.lHit <ahout the hut." \ "What about. Hie lmtV "I wauDio know if von II. let nm live in itr . . . , "What!" he roared, "live .in' '.the -mill hut 1 ' Don't .you knbw.lt'N.haUutcd by Hie uplrh of a murdered 11111 a, and- 1 hut his blood Is In great stains on ihe door!" . "Ivu heard. that' 'yarn and dou'Dhe- licve a wonbof.il.'1 < - Old Dpie laughed 11 horrUiie laugh, Uuit aiudc nm think of uuholy-.lhhigs. "Ni?tther do I. I'm glad lo hear a sen sible man tall: at hud. Of- course, you can live Iii'it and welcome, and if you can llml-out.' who is playing tlie ghost down there lo annoy and drive uic mad I'll make you a presetil or a live ikiiiiuI note. ;To Ihliik." lie went on. In an excitement of rage fearful to. witness, 10 think that I'm here' helpless, n man that slx numths ago was the strongest within twenty miles ; to think that I must sit here helpless! Oh, If I luiil only my legs! My hands are strong enough .vet to tour the villains Hint are mocking me to pieces, but I can't standi Whv was such. n curse put upon. me ? I, 'flint six months ago could toss 11 man over my shoulder dead or alive, ,nyot' and did It!" v "Dli, father, you will be 111, Indeed 3'ou will! Calm 3ourself ; you know what tlm doctor kald." ; ' ; "Curse tlie doctor, -and .vou Loo!..- It vva's yoitr .undutlful conduct ( .'that brought mc to this. Oct out oL' uiy siglit. uud let me tulk'td the inuu." ..." Tlii? girl, a sweet-faced'.wonmn oMiti or ho, turned tb the door with great pain and sadness In her. gentle eyes, and seeing howJlb the old ? muu really looked I rosp lo go.'.;.-: ..v / : "Dm going io.trap for. sltlns lu tlm Oaii," I said: "and .if I:have your per mission I will camp In. tin? hut for a time at least. But you are not very well t ids morning, .Mr Dolmun, and i will- come. up. lo woo you again about the matter." " "Step!". Iie. whispered, after a glance round Tho- room to see that we were nlotio, '.'stop!" and lie held out a visibly shaking hand, to emphasise what he was saying, "If you see anything of a real spirit down hy the mill you will come and lell.me, wou't you?"- ' 1 will; I promise .vou faithfully." . -"They say the sluice is opened, and tho- mill-worked withbut hands every Might; but it's a lie, Isn't It?" "Dm -quite sure it is, The thing Is quite Impossible," "Thank Heaven for Hint! Yes, it is quite Impossible. Oh. Dm going to get well vcr,v soon, ami then I'll go down and make spirits of them —tlie cowards! 'Jam cowards io torment tin old man so. Hut Dm strong yet, and Dll be even with them." V "I went out with a feeling of horror over 1110, for from the wretched old man's maimer I hud drawn the eon- elusion 1 hat he had really murdered the poor 3'oung lover of his daughter, ami thnt his conscience was arousing from a liurdeued sleet). (To be Continued). The Truth of the Matter,— She : It Is (rue that J have broken tlm engagement,' and that 1 still have your ring; iiut do you know wliy T retain that ring ? He (ruefully)'! On tlm theory, I suppose, that to tlie victor belong tho spoils. 