jk goer BY PETBB QUINCK. THE revised version of " Matsa" at (IK- Princess' Theatre is now well into its second week, as amended, and is voted on all sides to be a decided improvement upon the original production. The rearranged third act causes the piece to 1)0 of far more even merit the gardens of the Khedive serving' to maintain the JiiyJi standard of the first two acts in a far more acceptable manner than was possible with the deck of the steamer in an imaginary and invisible Suez Canal. The specialities with which the third act is plentifully supplied are also more appropriate in the gardens, where the Khedive might very well be supposed to secure some such enterta'nment for the amusement of his guests. With songs, dances and specialties this varied entertainment is made exceedingly enjoyable at present, ranging as it does from the pleasing vocalisation of the ladies to the fantastic vagaries of the diminutive comedian, Little Gulliver, and the managerial display of Mr. Leoni Clarke's trained eats, rats, canaries, monkeys and his animated nature generally. The success achieved by " Matsa " has been fully deserved, for nothing has been spared on the part of the management. It is indeed a creditable and gorgeous spectacle throughout. The splendid scenery, the magnificent costumes, the many ballets, marches, &c.;, the tuneful music and the talent of the various actors and actresses, singers and dancers have been mosaically marshalled by Mr. Walt it Eaynham, the stage manager, into a series of living pictures that dazzle the eye and evoke the warmest admiration. ONE or two lines from the dialogue of the " Woman of No Importance":—" Nothing succeeds like excess" There are only two kinds of woman, the plain and the coloured " " People go about nowadays saying things behind one's back tliat are perfectly true;" " Life began with a man and a woman in a garden ; it ends with Revelations." Mr. Bland Holt has not yet had any reason to regard the Melbourne playgoingpublic as either ungrateful o • unappreciative. They have been steiidily mustering in force to see " For England," just as if they were animated by a patriotism to the mother-country, and felt that it was necessary to show that they had stron < feelings " for England " as well as the characters which Mr. Holt's company were representing in this stirring drama. There must be a large quantity of latent love for th > old country in Australian breasts. When any military drama" such as this piece " For England," is produced, the audiences here are. more British than the British in the eager warmth with which they listen to the r,illying-up of the soldiers against great odds, and the heart}' manner in which they -applaud the sentiments, sometime a little hifaluting it must be admitted, of the officers informing their men that the eyes of England are upo:i them and that, if they cannot win for England, they can at least die for England—and —tarantara, tanantara generally, as becomes officers and gentlemen—hurrah ! # * # # The care and attention which Mr. Holt has devoted to the mounting ai;d general staging of this piece have been remarkable, the natural result of his thoroughness being noticeable in the completeness of all the various details. Messrs. Spong and Brunton's scenery is worthy of all praise, and the various good situations with which the piece bristles, the fox-hunt, the explosion and . many others " too numerous to mention," as they say in advertisements, are managed in a way tliat ' gets at the audience every time. Of the all-round excellence of the acting, there is no necessity to '] speak again, further than to say that one and all i, seem to be animated by a loyal desire to emulate the spirit of the management in desiring to" have everything " up to the knocker," and to have 110 ? flies on any single department connected with the 'J Australian production of " For England." I OUR worthy friend, Alfred Dampier, has been showing out in a literary way over in the tight little island across the straits. The last number of the 'lasmanian Mnil contains a well-told complete storv, entitled " The Two Scouts." written bv our Alfred. AT the Bijou Theatre "The Strange Adventires of Miss Brown," as presented by Mr. Fra.nk Thornton and his compact little company, have been keeping good houses fairly convulsed with laughter for now some four weeks past. The utter absurdity and wild improbability of the plot, together with Mr. Thornton's extraordinarily amusing representation of the hero-heroine, have made "Miss Brown" sufficiently popular to run through the whole of the season. Any greater tribute to the popularity of a piece than that fact it would be difficult to imagine. After all, plays are produced as commercial commodities, and the success must be gauged by the public demand. Business is business — more especially in any commercial speculation; and a theatre is a commerical speculation, almost invariably. If the public do not want, and won't patronise, good high-class goods, the merchant must sell them the alleged inferior article. I can just fancy my friend. Feme, of the London and American Stores, refusing to sell a cheap line of shirts because in his opinion the public ought to have the same taste as his own and prefer very expensive and elaborately got-up shirts. 1 say 1 can imagine that, provided I could imagine that Feme was mad—which I can't up to date. # # # # Now, from a commercial point of view there is no difference between the morality of a mercer and that of a manager, whether that manager runs a store or a theatre. The public do not want heavy, high-class tragedy or poetical dramas, and they won't have them. They want to be tickled either with a stirring modern lively melodrama or with wild, laughter-compelling, absurd, improbable fun. Is Mr. Bland Holt to blame for giving them the former and-ieayitig Shakespeare severely alone, or Mr. Frank Thdi'rtto'n tp be censured for producing the latter ? 'Bosh ! Whilst the production is free from anything, offensive, managers are perfectly justified in catering to the,'taste of the majority and acquiring a/competence, in preference to listening to-the opinions of a vpry small minority and drifting steadily, virtuously, but none the less surely, to the Insolvent Court., The moral of this homily may be found .in;'the announcement that the last nights of Mr."TKbrnton's season at the Bijou are close at hand, so if any of my readers have not yet been introduced to " Miss Brown" now is their time, or else for ever after hold their peace on the subject of her strange adventures. IT seems that actresses are not free from the belief that a woman's glory is her hair, and Miss Dorothea Baird, the English Trilby, furnishes the illustration. She has been playing Phoebe in the revival of " As You Like It." Dorothea is the possessor of beautiful fair hair, and knows it. She will not wear a wig, and nightly presents the curious spectacle of Phoebe in fair brown hair, which Rosalind is compelled by the text to refer to as " silken black." THE legion of Melbourne playgoers who delight in the always-finished representations given by the Brough Comedy Comj^any will be glad to hear that the Melbourne season will begin on Saturday, 6th February. The opening play will one by that unfortunate but brilliant dramatist, Oscar Wilde, entitled " A Woman of No Importance," which will be given for the first time in Melbourne. The piece was brought out in Sydney Criterion on last Saturday week, and achieved an instantaneous success, meeting with the marked approval of both public and Press. The story is a jwwerful one and the situations throughout the piece are of absorbing intensity. The Woman of No Importance is a Mrs. Arbuthnot, who has been deceived and deserted by Lord Illingworth some twenty years before the openingof the drama. There is a son, Gerald Arbuthnot, and the dealings and friendship between these two, neither of them being aware of their relationship to each other, as well as the meetings between his father and mother, give ample scope for thrilling situations of a highlyemotional kind. The dialogue, it need liardlv be said, is of the sparkling epigrammatic and cynical kind characteristic of the author. Mrs. Brough has made a great hit as the woman of no importance, and Mr. Titheradge has gained fresh laurels for his masterly acting of the character of Lord Illingworth. In addition to Mr. Edward Ferris, who has come out from England to the company, the strength of the company has been increased by the inclusion of Miss Florence Seymour and Mrs. H. Bracy, so tliat we look to strong performances here next month. The other new pieces to be given during the forthcoming season are the latest London farcical comedy, entitled "The White Elephant," "A Woman's Reason" and. " Casting the Boomerang ; or, 7 | 20 | 8." HE was one of the mushroom-manager class, and business at One-Horse Flat had not been very bright. Salaries were not forthcoming, and the artists were getting impatient. It was decided that the leading man should just ask plump and ' plain the probabilities-of the treasury. " Look here, Mr. Blank," jEald the leading man, " we want the straight tip aJjoi^t our coin; is there any show of a ghosl$ r - \ " Not a ghost "of a dh'ojv." / AT Her Majesty^ (late Alexandra), fchich is the recognised home of" /ultra-sensational drama, Watts- Phillips' bloodthirsty melodrama, " Not Guilty," has been produced during the week with success. Miss Marie Wilton and Mr. Wilfred Shine have been sharing the honours of virtuous persecution; Mr. Augustus Glover has been ca rrying the heavy load of villainy, and Messrs. J. F. Forde and Rosevear are responsible for the lights in the dark picture. IN George Alexander's London revival of " As You Like It," the part of the melancholy Jaques is being most successfully played by Mr. W. H. Vernon, who was out here with Genevieve Ward a-many years ago. THE large attendances which have been the rule at the Opera House still continue, tliis pleasing result being due to the excellence of the entertainment provided for the patrons of Mr. Harry Rickards' ever-varying Tivoli Minstrels. The latest importation of English talent consists of Miss Lucy Allison and Mr. James Allison, who made their first apjjearance on Saturday evening. They are both clever entertainers, and wonderfully good dancers. They received a splendid recept ion. and became favourites at once. Mr. Edgar Granville's excellent performance still holds a. high place in public esteem. It is only necessary tn mention the names of Miss Alice Leamar, ? olm Coleman, Will Whitburn, and Pope and Sayles to show how good the present programme is. THE remarkable piece of handiwork, the Polo dog-cart, built of 350 separate pieces of wood representing CO different kinds of Tasmaniai) timber, and the specimens of useful and ornamental woods now exhibiting at the Melbourne Waxworks, have attracted considerable attent ion during the past week, and have been critically MISS ELIZABETH WATSON: i ilk photo. Tjeaire Royal. MRS. MOLYNEAUX, An Australian AoireaB now appearing io London. Talma phito. i,,,.,] Viv tin 1 public and by experts, who Iwvc . IlK'i)' admiration of tin? skill and artistic In addition to this the imiuensi; \ j, ,11 i .f v ax figures, Mr. Woodroffe's delicate ii.'it )fss insti'iictive glassblowing, and M;\ ., vlegerdemain and and amusing venentertainment, liave drawn large i : ,K f',s afternoon and evening to this uut ionalil.v favourite place of restart. 