[?] y -' ' ' ?'-; -,'? ?? i,T ?? ? ? ?? ? ' --. ? ? ? ?' By LAWEENGE3 ii/LTNGH: JCEL Murdoch van DeventerJi -antlnwd *'No Proo^ 'Moina,' etc. . ^ . .' , GHAPTEft XIV. When Feraar-s found, himself ^alone he lost no time in locking his chamber door and begin ning his study of ancient news. i Taking the newly arrived paper from beneath his pillow, where he had hastily thrust it, he: spread out the mutilated copy beside it and speedily located the clipping which should ex piaiu, or interpret, unaries Brierly's last let ter. ? ? . . Putting the perforated paper over the other, as the quickest means to the end, he drew a pencil mark around the paragraph which ap- i peared in the vacant space, and then, without pausing to read it, he reversed the two sheets j and repeated the operation. I This done, he took up the marked paper and sat down to read and digest the secret ''It won't take long to tell which side of this precious square of paper contains 'the thing I want, I fancy,' he meditated, as he smoothed out the sheet. . I rine printed paragraph outlined by his pen I cil was hardly three inches in length, and he I read it through with a growing look of com- ] I prehension upon his face. 'I wonder if thai j I can be it?' he said to himself at the end. And ] I tljen^he slowly turned the paper and read the -j I pencII- mai'Tied' lines upon the other side. ? j I When he had perused the brief lines over. | I his brow knit itself :nto a frown, and lie. re- I read them, with his face still darkened by it. I Then he uttered a short laugh, and laid the I paper down across his knee. I 'I wonder if the other fellow will know I which side was which!' he muttered. 'I'm I blest if I do!' He sat for half an hour with I the paper upon his knee, looking off into space, I and wrinkling his brow in thoughts Then he got up and put Vie two papers carefully away. 'I'm very thankful that I did not speak of this to Brierly,' he thought as he went out and locked his door behind him. 'It would be only another straw— yes, a whole weight of them, added to his load of doubt and trouble.' The two paragraphs read as follows, the first being an advertisement, with the usual heading, and hi solid uonpariel type:— 'Charlie: A. has found you out. He will I not give me your address. Be on guard at I all times, for there is danger. All will be I forgiven if yeu will come back, and F. will I help you to avoid A. You are not safe where I you are. The city is better, and we cannot I feel at ease knowing the risk you are run I ning. At least stay where you are. Your I brother or some friend ought to know. For I your own sake do not treat this warning as I you did A.'s other threat. He means it. Still I at O.-street. 'M.' I The second paragraph was in the form of a I would-be facetious editorial paragraph, and I ran thus:— I 'Not to have a fortune is sad enough, but to go up and down in the land a millionaire and never know it is wretchedness indeed. ' Many are the foreign fortunes seeking Ameri can heirs, if we are to believe the advertising columns, and the heirs seeking fortunes are as the sands of the sea in number. 1 'There have been the Frayles. and the Jans, and a long retinue of lost heirs to waiting es tates, and now it appears that the great Pais lev fortune rusts in idlenpss and sliamplpswlv accumulates, while the heirs of a certain Hugo Paisley, an Englishman who was last hoard from in the Canadas~inany years ago, are much to be. desired now that the home supply of English. _brtsd Paisley stock is run out.'' ? There was more to this screed below the line which marked the lower end of the clip ping, but it contained no further reference to the Paisleys, merely dilating in a would-be humorous manner upon the degenerating in fluence of the foreign legacy upon the Ameri can citizen. But the advertisement upon the other side had been cut out in full, and exact ly at the beginning and end. It was puzzling and disappointing in the extreme. Ferrarshad really looked upon this cut newspaper as his strongest card when he should have found the missing fragment, and now — r! He thought and wondered, and re tread letter and clipping again and again, but to no good purpose, and at last he locked away the puzzling documents and went . out to make a morning call upon Mrs. Jamieson. That evening he talked first with Robert Brierly and then with the family lawyer, and to both he put the same direct questions, 'What could they tell him of the early his tory; of the Brierlys? Of Mrs. Brierly's iamily and ancestors? Had they any relatives in England or Scotland, say? Were there any old family papers in the possession of either?' Of Robert Brierly he also asked- if, to -his knowledge, his brother had had at any -time a love affair — not serious, but amusing, -per- haps — a student's flirtation, even. Also, when and for how long, if at all, had the brothers been separated since their schooldays? And Brieriy had replied that he knew very little of. his father's ancestors, beyond the fact that his grandfather Brierly was a Virginia gentleman, and his father an only son. Tbe family, so far as\ he knew, - had been Vir ginians for three generations, and what more, pray, could- an American ask? As for his mother, she had .'been a Miss Louise Cotter rell of Baltimore,Tier father a railway magnate of renown. , In her desk, very much as she had left it. jn a clcsed-up room in the old house, were bundles of old letters and ancient family 1*151 TIPVft -HA TiliC 'fo tTini* lio/^ finrtn +--»!#? l-i?«-i ? 'U n j^ru-jy^^wj *jv »*«j JLU.IU^.1. liUU Vi-lV_H LU1U lil Hi j JJt I had meant to examine them some time, but had not yet so done. If Ferrars desired it he would do this soon. . ?- So far as his dead brother was concerned, I Brierly was sure there had never -been- a love] affair of even the most ephemeral sort. In fact; Charles had always been- sliy of; women, and used to shirk hie social do ties, as much as possible. Hilda Grant was, rwittidut - doubt, his first and only love. As to their separa tions, there had been several. To begin, Charlie, had been in college a /year after he (Robert) had been graduated, and : the follow ing year, 'because the boy nad/eeemed run down and in need of rest and change,' he had spent a few months upon a ranch in Wyoming with a college friend. Then -tiie two had made then* European tour, and- since-- their only long. separations had been ?frien-hls work as journalist had taken him 'away from the city, sometimes for weeks, until Charlie had taken this school as a relief from his theo logical studies. v - ? ; From Mr. Myers 'he could only learn that the father and mother of Robert and Charles Brierly were'-)f good families, well known in their respective states, and 'both, he believed, 'were ?as distinctly Americans as the war of the Revolution could ihake any American citi zen of English descent' As'-fo Charlie Brier ly, Myers 'didn't believe the boy had ever looked twice at. a girl until he met 'with that lovely, sad-eyed sweetheart, who, it 'was plain, was wearing out her lieart iii-gilent grief for him.'.--- 5. .- ? . ?? .Y - '?;. - .\\-,:- . ' . ..:.' Then; ^Ferrars went to see his.' supposed cousin, and asked her to review, mentally, ;iier -latgst' talks with ier lover, and to see if she could not recall some, mention of a discovery, ^Isiied'-toiJay. before his .'brother-. 3Phen -lie stionlri cbniei Birt she shook heir head eadly^ '^'Was'he, ^6' her knowledge^ in the .habit'' of collecting odd things from the newspapers?' ;Sbi Bhook'.hex head. -kHe ffldCnot think verj',lugnly hi ^ur^ daily papers,, and seldom if ever read beypnav|the;news of the day. ;The scandal* and criminal reports he abhorred,' slie iaicL ?--.?' '.*--'? '-y~%\\. '' .. ? . '?'.:- :'y'-:-K.' ? ?'- ''And he never alluded in any. Wifgto : his iaSatiy'lifetoigrj #Bu say? Think, -^s there ISitfijeffHpn/!)! ^|tniiytfa£iB or namel^' - i : : ; Slit?' looked^ tip ,«f ter : some ^momjents . ; of thought. **I can only recall one: *Wng which, ^ter^all, 4oek no;t cbntiin inforniatlbii, Except \as?rej?airds. the two brothers.^' ChaiMeV was speaking of the difference of- jfheir tempera Tnents._ Robert,. he said,, was intensely prac tical, living 'in and enjoying most, the pre sent, .and by anticipation, the future, while he (Charlie) wa^s a dreamer, loving the past, and idealising its history. -To. illustrate, lie told how, as boys, he loved to liearhis' mother, whom I fancy he resembled, tell the tales she had heard at her grandmothers knee/ of the early days, the French convents, \he Indians, the colonists, the quaint living,; the speech, which had for him such charms, while Robert would only hear of the fighting and would run away from the ancestral history.' Hilda, grown accustomed to his numerous queries and scant explanations, was not sur prised at Ferrars's hurried departure at the end of the cateehisnvund he went back to the doctor's cottage with- just one faint little pos sibility as a reward tor all this interviewing. He had known Mr. Myers in the city, as a successful detective is .apt to know an able lawyer, well by reputation and personally a little, and he was glad to find in him a friend to the Brierlys, dead and living. Going back that night he said to himself: 'It's of no use to try to go on like this; a confidant will save me a lot of time, and Myers is the man/ I can't call upon the doc tor: he's got his profession, and he belongs here. Myers can make my business and Brierly's his at need. Besides, he's a lawyer,' and won't be knocked entirely out by my wild theorising, and he's the one man who can get access to the ancesteaj do^unferits at tfeed.' He found the lawyer still upon the doctor's I piazza, and without the least attempt at ex-! planation invited Wai into his own room, 1 where they were still closeted whon, at mid night, Robert Brierly went. slowly toward the Fry cottage, and the doctor, who 'never got his full quota of sleep, went yawning off to bed. Mi*. Myers spent five days in Glenville, and then went back to the city, taking Robert Brierly with him, 'for a purpose,' as he said to the. doctor and Ferrars. 'He can come back in a day or two if he chooses,' the law yer added, 'but in truth, Robert, unless you're needed here, which I doubt, you'll be better at work. Mr. 'Ferris-Grant,' here, will sum mon you at need.' : When they were on board the train, and the lawyer had exhausted the morning paper, he drew close to h;s companion in that confi dential attitude travellers fall into when they do uot converse for the entertainment of all on board, and said: 'Robert, I want to tell you why I so insist ed upon your company back to the city. I want you to rouse yourself, to open your house, and wben you -first nave looted ovet your father's and mother's private and busi ness papers, I want you to turn over to me all such as are not too sacred for other ey.es than yours; all letters, journals— if there are such — all, in fact, that deal in any way with your fa'inily, friends, and family history.' Brierly turned to look in his face. 'This is some of Ferrars's planning,' ne said. it is, ana at nas my neany endorsement. Don't ask questions. Frank Ferrars knows what he is about.' 'Mo doubt of it. I only wish I did.' 'You'll know at the right time. And if it will be a comfort to you, I'll admit that, while I am to a certain degree in his confidence, I know no more what or whom he suspects than you do, for he won't accuse without proof of guilt, however much he suspecls or believes. But I know this, Ferrars is con vinced that the secret of your brother's death lies 1e the past' 'And in whose past?' 'In his own, in that of your family, or of Hilda Grant.' At the beginning of the following week Hilda . Grant resumed her duties as school mistress, the place of Charles Brierly being filled by a young student froin the city. Mrs. Jamieson. meantime, had called upon Hilda, the call had been returned, and the two were now upon quite a friendly and sym pathetic footing; it was not long before the fair, black-robed little figure was quite fami liar to the children, to whom she gave gener ously sweets, pleasant words, and smiles. Sometimes she iflet Ferrars, who would look in now and then at the recess or noon hour to keep up his cousinly character, and Hilda Grant's clear eyes saw, day by day, the blue ~eyes of the pretty widow taking on a new look and noted that, while she' was at all other, times full of easy, charming chat, the ap proach of 'Mr. Grant' would close the pretty lips and cause the white eyelids to quiver and fall. The understanding between Hilda and the detective was now almost perfect, and one ; day, Ferrars, having asked her if she had ever heard Mrs. Jamieson speak of leaving Glen ville, or name her place of residence, Hilda replied— 'I have heard her express herself as well pleased with Glenville, and I think she is in no haste to go. In truth, Mr. Ferrars, I am beginning to feel that in seeing this lady as a means toward a selfish end, we, or I, have Clone wrong. iiuil dim is u wuiuau ui iuc j world, and has seen much of good society, is j evident, but she has lived of late a lonely and ! much secluded life, she tells' me, her late 1ms- j band having been a somewhat exacting in valid for two years before his death; and, for give me for my great frankness, I fear that because of your absorption in this trouble of mine, you have not thought or observed, how 'much' your acquaintance is -becoming to Mrs. Jamieson. One woman can read another as a man cannot, and I must not let you serve me at the cost of another's happiness per-' haps.' v 'Msss Grant, is this a riddle?' 'Mr. Ferrars, no. Must I say plainly, then, that you are making yourself quite too in teresting to this lauy?' Ferrars turned his face away for a moment. Then he replied slowly, as if choosing his wnWis with difficultv: 'My friend, I believe time will prove you the mistaken one. I cannot take this flatter ing idea of yours' to myself' and venture . io believe in it, but should it, have the smallest foundation in reality, rest your conscience up on this candid declaration. : The lady cannot feel more interest in my unworthy self than I in her; from the first moment almost I have taken an interest in Mre. Jamieson, such as I have seldom felt for any woman. Shall we let the subject rest here? Be sure I shall not let any personal interest conflict with, or supersede, the work I came here to do.' In later years Hilda remembered these words. During the next two weeks the wheels or progress, so far as Ferrars'e work was con cerned, moved slowly, and even rested, or seemed so to do. To be baffled in a small town, and by a small boy, was something new and surprising in the experience of Detective Ferrars, but eo ?it wa9. Work as he would, finesse as he knight, he eould find no trace of the boy, 'about half -grown, with dark eyes and hair, freckles, a polite way with him, and a cap pulled over his eyes,' and V this was the besj; description Mrs. Fry could giye df .the strange lad.-'-1-'- . -?.?? ' :?'?'/ ? ': ' ' ?£'??-?'??? ??-???.????..? . . '.: ?'-?'?'If Mrs. Fry was not the Jionest woman she -te,**' said the doctor, 'I shoul^acall that,boy a mytn. How could he come i^and go so utterly :-un^'e^iby-'.M%^Gifeja^Ue.?'-...;-';'-.-''.i:V.ii;;; Samuel porari,;ivho i still fteueyed that 'Mir. Grant' was Mr. -:-S;ran.t, and thought it most natural -tifflit , he ;::sfib^id!.tnr^'':%I&:'-ait^'tion-''.4jai' the mystery, surrounding the mnrder of 'his cousin's lover,' thought ; other wis^e.;-. ^.'Pehawj?': he objected; ,-'iook;at theiTafEvof half-grown boys'Viaphigviiip~;aiid.-vid6^ni':.the£ie: fetteets from sunset tbjpretty-late bedtinie, for ^ds^and. how.jmuch ^ffierentdOes one' boy look Cf rom another. .In vithe dark ? ;; : .Mrs. Fry herself ^iqnly saw '-him opt invjthe Awilight.' . : JETerrars , resetv£II ; his ci'Itieism and opinions jfor,iBie:;tinie. -'::rr -..' .' ' '; „' ' ?'.:.'?; ;- a-' -.' : -;:;; ',:?:? '.. '?:''e ?''?.' '/', vDbfan had taken ^pon himself tie Invest!-1 gaflon of the 'boat puzzle,' as he called it, for the skiff, ^remained, after many/days, still 'drawn r\ ^ixp; unmpored ' and un claimed *'by; 'the lake shore; and at last, by dint of much driving up and down the lake shore road and interviewing of boat owners, he' brought to Ferrars this unsatis factory solution. ??_'?? Two Tveeksjbefbre the murder the skiff bad been -owned by a, certain Jerry' Small, hunter and fisherman, by choice, blacksmith by pro fession. On a certain day a man dressed in . outing costume had entered Small's shop, ask ed about the boat, and made him such, a liberal offer for it, that Jerry had at once closed with him. The shop stood upon the outskirts of the town and close to the lake, j The man had said that he was coming out j frnm the o \tv in a few davs for a few weeks in the countrv, meaning to secure board, if possible, near~the lake shore. If Mr. Small did not mind, the boat might stay where it was until his return; the money was paid down, and Small engaged to care for the boat. One day, after much agitation, Small de cided that it must have been the day of the murder 'that he missed the boat; and one of kis 'kids' told him that 'a gentleman with flannel clothes and whiskers' took away the boat 'right early,' and neither boat nor man had ever reappeared. Then Ferrars tore his hair and fumed at the long delay, only to learn that Jerry Small had left his house on the day after1 the murder to attend a sick brother, and had returned jusc two days ago. 'It's of no use,' fumed the detective to Doctor Barnes; 'I shall put a couple of fel lows I know in the Jerry Small vicinity; it's .right in their line of work! and probaoly they'll find the man and boy together— in Tim buctoo.' 'And you will remain in Glenville, eh?' queried the doctor, grinning openly. 'Yes,' with an answering grin, which some 1 how the doctor did not quite understand. 'I'll stay— for a while longer.' As they sat at lunch next day a small boy brought Ferrars a note from the teacher. 'Come to me at once.— H. G.' That was all it said, and Ferrars lost no time in obeying the summons. 'You may not see much in my news,' Hilda said, as she closed the door upon intruders. 'But I have got Peter's story out of him at last.' 'The foolish boy? Ah, that is something after all, at least, I hope it will prove so. 'It was slow work, for the boy has been terribly frightened. His story is most ab- : eurd.' i 'No matter, tell it in your own way.' 'He says still that he saw a ghost— a live ghost That it arose out of tlie bushes and waved its arms at him. It was dressed 'all in white like big sheets,' Peter said, and its face was black, with white eyes. It spoke io him 'very low and awful,' and told himfto' lie down and put his face to the ground until it went back into its grave. If he looked, or even told that he had seen a ghost, the grave would open and swallow him, too. Then it held up a 'shiny big knife' and he tumbled over in sheer fright. After a long time he began to crawl toward the road; and when he at last looked around and saw no ghost any where, he ran as fast as he could. I am afraid,' Hilda added, 'that you'll think as I do., that some of the school boys have played the poor child a trick, or else that he has imagined it all. It's too absurd to credit. Still, as you made a point of ? being told at once of whatever I might learn from Peter, I kept my promise. I'm afraid I've spoiled your luncheon.' She finished with a wan little half smile. (To be continued.') 