Consecration of the coadjutor bishop of maitland. ' An event of great importance to the Roman 'Catholic community, and of Hpecial interest to . the general public, was the consecration at St, John's Cathedral yesterday of the Right Rev. ' Dr. Patrick Vincent Dwycr as Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland. The elevation of Dr. Dwyer to episcopal rank and dignity has for several months been looked forward to ?with more than ordinary interest, not only in Maitland but throughout tlio colony, for in the first place it is not every day that a Bishop is consecrated, and in the second place an Australian-born priest or minister of any Christian 'denomination has never before been raised to the episcopacy in Australia, so that ' the occasion was also unique in tho history of the colonies. It was no surprise, thdrefore, to find tho solemn and impressive ceremony ?witnessed by an overflowing congregation, ? comprised , of most of the leading Roman Catholics and a groat many non-Catholics of the district, as well as a goodly number of visitors from Sydney and other large centres. Every parish in tho diocese of Maitland was represented by its priest or priests and by delegates composed of leading Catholic lay men, the former being accommodated with sittings in tho body of the church and the latter in tho gallery. It was tho greatest gathering of prelates, priests, and peoplo over soon within tho sancti fied walls of the Cathedral, and public concern as well as religious sontimont was strongly sustained throughout with the im pressiveness and solemnity of the sacred and symbolical coremonies, the deepest interest being manifested in tho proceedings from tho moment the Bishop-elect was prosonted to the consecrating uaruiniu until tne close, wneii the blessing of tho Bishop wns pronounced upon tho congregation. The day selected for the - consecration could not have been moi'o appropriate. It was Pontocost Sunday, that day of joy to tho world when tho Holy Ghost descended upon the Apostles in tho shape of tongues of lire, ' filling ' them ?with tho Holy Ghost, and making thorn speak ?with divers tongues.' And tho laying-on of liands, tho anointing with chrism, the binding of the head and hands of tho Bishop-elect, tho presentation of the pastoral staff and episcopal Ting, wero particular parts of tho ceremony, each having its own peculiar significance in regard to this Divine miracle, which was a ratification of the high commission Christ conferred upon his disciples ten days previously, when He commanded them to 'go and teach all nations,' ' Tho Cathedral looked particularly fresh and bright. A subdued nnd silvory light streamed in through the now window abovo tho sanctuary, giving additional lustro to a scene of magnificent splendour,- which mado an in deliblo impression upon tho minds of all present. At one timo whan tho sun momen tarily burst forth from tho clouds, and sent its golden radiance through tho Cathedral -windows, tho soeno upon tho high altar was ?grand in tho extreme. Tho sanctuary was tastefully decorated by tho ladies of St. John's ' Altar Society under tho direction of Miss Manory. Tho high altar on oithor sido was lrang with rich crimson and white draperies, tho altar beautified by fresh flowers and lighted candles, and tho pulpit and small altar arranged on tho opistle sido of tho sanctuary worn also adornod in a chasto manner, harmonising one with tho othor. A painting of tho Blessod Virgin was placed in tho contro of tho pulpit draperies. Tho Cardinal's throno was docorated with a cross of whito flowers, and floral ornamentations representative) of. Faith, Hope, and Charity (tho handiwork of Miss Aimio Teruos), wore other wise used with marked effect over tho niches and doorway of tho sanctuary. Tho Boating of tho largo congregation was ex oollontly arranged by tho Cathedral Com mittoo, not a pow boing ovorcrowdod, but there was scarcely a foot of standing room either in or uuder tho gallory. Tho relatives ; of tho Bishop-elect woro provided with seats immediately in fro nt' of tho high altar. These comprised Mr. William Dwyor, tho young ' bishop's father, Mr. and Mrs, William E. Dwyor, and Mi'bs Canico D^Vyor, of Gpulburn ; Mr. John Dwyor, Sydney ; Mr. DoniB Dwyor and.' Miss Minnie Dwyor, of Cowra; Mibs Holly Dwyor, Syduoy ; Mr. T. Dwyor/ Inspector of Schools, Mrs. Dwyor, 'W. P. Dwyor, 1?. L. Dwyor, Molly, Dwyor and Kathleen Dwyor, of East Maitlaud j . Misses Torosa and Josophino Fallon, Messrs. Jamos Gallon and William Aloysius Fallon, of Asli fiold. Among othor lay visitors wo noticod the Mayor of West Maitland (Mr. Honry ' Oro'thors) 5 Mr. J. Gillies, M.P., Wost Mait-' land J . Frank Olarko, M.P. for tho Maoleay, follow student with. tho Coadjutor; John Mahor, Bathurst ; H. O'Farroll, J. Blaokonoy, ,W. Gantwoll, Sydney; J. Casoy, Orango;. ':?'?; Captain and Mrs. O'Salliyan, Sydney j and ' I\ W. Orowo, of Quoohslandj a olass fellow '?with tlio Bishop.-oloot .at St, Stanislaus Col ' logo, Bathurst. ? . ? , ' . ' » The mass of consecration was oolobratod by tho Cardinal and Bishop-clout. Tho former ?was attended by his chaplains tho. Vonorablo Aroli-priost Shoohy, of Sydnoy, and tho Bov. John Byrno, of Wollongong. Tho Biskop oleot's chaplains woro his brothor Fathor Josopli Dwyor, and Father W. E. O'Roilly, of Morriwa. 'Tho Vory Rov.'' Father Corcoran, of Morpoth, acted as chaplain to Dr. Murray, ?who was the first assistant consoorator, and tho 'Vory Rov. . Jamos Byrno, CM., of Bathurst, was ohaplaiu to Div Byrno, second assistant consoorator. 'Father M. F. Auliffo, B.A., was mastor of ooranaonios. Tho visiting olorgy woro : Vory Rovs. A. Horan, Ipswioh, Q., P./'D. Ryan, ,Tainworth, Father Long, Lowishatn, Fathor' MoNamara, Kogarah; Bovs. J. Byrno, Wollongong (Cardinal chap lain), J. Dwyor, Gtuidftgaij VovyJiov, Fathor Donovan, Ad'rn., Goulburn ; Rov. G. Robin son,' Molbournoj :Von. Aroh-proist Shoohy, Svdnoyt tho Hon. and Vory Bov.W. Plun Icott, O.SS.R., Waratah j Very Rov. T. O'Farroll, O.SS.R., Ballai-at ; Vory Bov. ?JFathor Kennedy, O.S.F., Wavorley; Very Rov. Viucont Grogan, O.P., Marriokvillo ;. Very Rov. J. Ryan, S.J.i Rivorviow; Vory, Rov. J. Byrno, O.M., Bathuistj Rov. John Paul, O.S.F.', Quir'indi. Tho Dioeosau Olorgy ?woi-o ropvoHontoa bys Vory Rovs. P. Hand, V.G.,' West. Maitland, P. T. Corcoran, P.P., Morpoth, T. A; Noalon, P.P., Raymond Tor raoo, P. Moaghov, P.P., Sing oton ; Rovs. P. O'Loary, P.P., Host Maillaml, Tlios. Rogorw, Branxliu, 0. MoAulifCo, Saorod Heart Col ' loco, J. T. Clancy, Burwood, F. O'Gormaii, NowonBtlo, J. O'Donohoo, HamiHon, W. M. O'Roilly, Morriwa, J. Flynn, Lambton, J. 'O'Woilly Mttvmruncli, P. Flouagau, Grppford, ?, J. Roche, Muswellbrook, J. C, Meagher, Dungog, J. Foley, Tareo, E. J. Gloeson, P, C. McCormack, M. F. .McAuliffo, Cathedral, M. Kiernau, East Maitland. At the conclusion of the eloquent (sermon preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Higgens, who unfortunately was suffering from a severe cold, tho now Coadjutor Bishop stood in the centre of tho altar rails, and most of thoso present at tho interesting ceremony of conse cration congratulated him, kissed his ring, and received his blessing, the choir having in the meantime rendered the ' Hallelujah choruB.' Among many telegrams of congratulation received by Dr, Dwyer yesterday wero two deserving of special mention — One from the Irish College, Rome, in which tho Rector and students in the Irish College and the Australian students in Progagauda joined in expressing their joy at the consecration of tho first Australian-born Bishop ; and another from Ireland from Clonliffe College, Dublin, conveying the congratulations of tho Rector, Vice-Rector, and profossors and students of the College. Clonliffo College, Dublin, and the Irish College, Rome, wero tho two ecclesi astical colleges in which the Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer read his theological course. Tho appointment of a Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland was made in accordance with a wish oxpressod to the Holy See by . his Lordship Dr. Murray in the year 1895. In a pastoral issued fit the close of that year the venerable Bishop thus addressed his faithful peoplo : — ' I avail myself of'this opportunity to inform you that a feAV months ago I forwarded a letter to the Cardinal Prefect of tho . Sacred Congregation of tho Propaganda, requesting that tho Holy Father would allow mo tho privilege of securing tho sorvices of a coad jutor cum jure eitccessionis. I am very happy to amiounco that tho Holy Father has been pleased to accede to my request, and in a few days a meeting of tho clergy who enjoy the privilego of recommonding three names for presentation to tho Holy See will bo hold in St. John's Cathedral under the presidency of his Eminence' tho Cardinal-Archbishop of Sydnoy.' Tho mooting alluded to was hold on tho 9th January, 1896, and tho names chosen by ballot wore : Tho Vory Rev. Father Dwyer (President of the Sacrod Hoart Col logo), tho Vory Rov. -Father Hand, V.G., Very Rev. Fathor Nealon (Raymond Tor race), tho Right Rov. Monsignor O'Brien (Reotor of St. John's College, Sydney), and Dr. McDonald CMaviiooth Oolletre. Ireland). Subsequently tho eloction of Father Dwyor was approved by tho Cardinal Archbishop and Bishops of tho Province, and finally ratified by tho Holy See ty-, Tho documonts appointing Fathor Dwyer Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland wero x'eceived by tho Cardinal from Rome in tho beginning of April last. They woro datod tho 30th January, 1897. According to tho theory of government adhorod to by tho Roman Catholio Church, for each dj.ocos6 there can. bo but ono Bishop duly appointed, while at tho same timo ovory Bishop consecrated must havo a diocoso given him to govorn. When appointing a Coadjutor Bishop, thorefore, to assist a prelate ?whoso failing powers necessitate such help, tho difficulty is overcome by giving tho Bishop soloctod for this purpose ono or othor of tho anciont sees in Asia Minor, or somo othor old- ? time domain of tho early church, but from which tho Christian population has long, since vanished. Having boon appointed to- this charge, which, though a sinocuro, gives him, tho samo status in tho hierarchy in regard to tho porformanco of episcopal functions as tho most exalted prolate,' if is then permitted by tho authorities of tho church that ho should givo his assistance to tho prelate on whoBO account ho was callod to the episcopate. Thoso prelates aro of two classes, tho first and most important boing thoso appointed as Coadjutor Bishops with tho right of succession to the soo in Avhich they aro assisting on tho demise of tho reigning prelate Tho . othor class aro only rocognisod as auxiliary bishops, tho right of succession to tho soo boing loft 'an opon question. Of tho first class Dr. Dwyor is - now a member. In order to comply with, tho occlosiastical ? law ho has boon appointed Bishop of Zoara, an anciont Soo' in Palostino, near the bordors of tho Dead Sea, tho glories of Avliioh havo long sinco pasBod away, but tho history of which is still, carofully prosorved in tho archives of Rome. ? 