WISE AND OTHERWISE. This story is taken from Lord Blach ford's recently- published letters. "Mrs.- 's relations with her maids are rich. She was describing one who was a breaker of china. At last she broke three things in one day. 'So I said to her, "You are ill, Jane-you want some castor oil," The maid stared and was astonished. "Your hand shakes-you want some castor oil,, Jane." The maid took it as a joke and grinned. But, when bedtime came, the upper maid was duly summoned. "Jane is ill, and wants some castor oil; come with me and I will give it out for her." Mrs-- appear'ed at the bedside with a quite inflexible determination, explained that Jane was ill. and did want castor oil, and must take it. She did take it, and no further breakage occurred from that time to-I don't know when." Here is a story of Titiens, who always cariried about a lot of super fluous luggage and stage-dresses which she never wore. "She always took a roaom at the hotel for exclusive use as a 'garde-robe,' " says Signor Arditi in his "Reminiscences," " and one of the gentiemen-I believe it was Willert Beale - obtained access to this apa,rtlncnt during her absence one day and prompltl stuffed out all the dresses, put heads with wigs, and painted faces on to the shoulders, and senaed the figures on chairs--there were 12 o: 1'--in a dim religious light around the room. Need I say more? Titiens, on her return home, wanted to change ierl' dress. and she preceeded to this roeom. A minute later she came shrieking clown the stairs, having been frightened out of her wits at the strange sight tint met her gaze. She thought she must have suddenly gone mad, and that the ghosts of her dif ferent impersonations had appeared to torture her." A certain canon, who is entertained at great houses, confesses that, while he: iravels :scond-class for financial reasons, it is his custom to alight at the second station from his destina tion. where he buys a first-class ticket for the remainder of the journey. "Not that it would in the least matter to my hosts whether I travel second or third class," he says; "but the truth is I h-aven't lthe cheek to face the magnificent liveried fellows sent to meet me, who look with open dis approval on second-class carriage guests!" Something of the canon's feelings was doubtless experienced by an old Scotchwoman, of whom the fol lowing anecdote is related. When her Majesty was at Balmoral recently she visited an aged cottager living near. On leaving, her Majesty said to the old lady who had been entertaining her, "Well. Mrs.-. you will now no longer be afraid of me, and I shall ex pect you to pay me a visit." "Ah. ma'am," replied the old dame, "it's not yerself i'm afeared on-it's them grand' ''rvants!" 