Sensations of a Drowning Man — : — -? — - — ?? ?--? . ^ . ? VEN drowning is a ^-. \ /—sA Pleasant death' is V\ 1 L/\ ^ a remark cou \vv / Cv a stantly made by ? Wv«— CT'V t3l0se vrko never ~-ir§k HW^- SulPed down : salt ^»Mi^g^'t water into the delicate tis sues of their lungs. ... As a lad I was bathing in rough wea ther on the beach of a wa tering place in Northern Prance. Swept out to sea, I strug gled, sank, be came insensi ble, and was savea Dy tne courage and skill of' a gallant Frenchman— who wrote his name that day in my mo ther's New Testament as a memorial of the rescue. This was alL The circumstances were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest which arise prin cipally from the fact that I remember all that happened during a period of time which may have been four or five minutes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almost Immediately I entered the water, the much-resounding roar of the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful— full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fancy* I instinctively but foolishly fought my way seawards,' and was promptly out of rny depth; not ^because I intended to run any risk, for I could not swim, but because the strong current had scooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom, which had six feet of wa ter on the top of it Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the mo ment when the water closed over my head for the first time cannot be described. It was the bitterest point of the struggle. Cruel and omnipotent force, without warn ing or reason, surrounded me, and my fran tic and determined efforts to escape only in creased the pent-up passion to cease holding my breath and to inhale once more. I felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black water, that if once I succumbed to the temp tation to expel my breath, which almost burst the ribs in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would come; that I should be compelled to breathe inwards while covered with the pressing salt water. At this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of air-bubbles rose to the surface. - A. few weeks before I had watched the drowning of a cat in the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the -ypntln fiirrATit tnriipfJ nvar and nftpr nno final struggle gave up the ghost. This scene came vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the cat. There was no fear; the actual circumstances filled my . attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts sud denly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs, were all one splid pain. Just then I touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and wa ter to thrust in my mouth to end this strug gle for air. All I wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except as an interesting and immaterial factor in the situation, came over me. It is true that I remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time came and I was found missing; and thinking of the home- people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a chest of drawers in my bedroom, which I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one in which one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were. From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beach, whither my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and unreasoning shame; but the nausea caused by swallowinar so niuch salt water quickly brought me back to earth again.— 'Cassell's Family Maga zine.' ^ 