THE BEEESFOBD OHOSr. The atory of the Beresford ghost has been mentioned fn most works about apparitions and suoh like, andSlr Walter Soott made use ot it in his writings, both in t6Cdeura4^*«w*»— Tho various acepunt^ did not agree, howevu-', and so the Bv^ht JeL- u. 'William Beresford, possewaing apeclal information xbont tlia i gnoat, inei to get at tlia truih about the matter. This ie the atrantfe story, as told to her obildren by the Jbady BerosforU who, in October, 1003, saw the ghost lou att) no straugers to the intimacy uud the affection whioh subsisted in early life between Lord Tyrone and myself. Wo were educated together wheu young1, anJur tbe samo roof, iu tho pernicious principles of Deism. Our real frieuda afterwards took every opportunity to couvinoo us of our error, but their arguments wore inAufiioiont. In a perplexing state of doubt wo made a solemn promise one to the other that which - over died first should, if permitted, appear to 4.UU WfcUOfc IVIt UIO yU-L^UBQ Wl UUVUUTlUg was the religion most aooeptablo to tbe Almighty. One night, years after this, I was Bleeping with your father at GHll Hall, when 1 tiud denly awoke and disoovorad .uord Tycauc sitting visibly by the side of the bsd. I aenamed—ettt— Aed^vainiy ^in . aroaae Blr Tristram. - A PaopjBcxsTxsa Ghost, 1 Tell me/ I said, ' Lord Tyrone, why and wherefore you are here at this time of the night f* 'Have you, then, forgotten oar promise to oaoh other P I died on Teedday at four o'clock, I have been parmttced ihns to appear In order to aunre you thac toe revealed religion is tho true ahd only one by whioh wo can bo saved. I am also suffered to inform you that you are with o.hild, aud will produce e son, who will marry my heiress ; that Sir Tristram will not live lonjr, when yon will marry again, and you will die in forty- seventh year. * I begged from hi da aome oonvinoing sign or proof, ao that when the morning oame X might rely upon it, and feel satisfied that his appearance had been real, and that it waa nota phjurtom of my imaginatiop. He caused Ito iiaitigiiigs of the bad to be drawn in an unusual way and impossible manner through an iron hook. I was etill noi satisfied, when-he a rote hie signature in my pocket-book. I ^wanted, however, mora my wrist, the sinews shrank tip, the nerves ' withered sit the tonch. 'Now,', be said, 'let no mortal eye, while you 'Jlve ^yer sae that wrist,' and vanished. Ac amaring story cOTtainly. Lady&ra-; j ford bound up her wriati- anito the day *ii her death it was never oncoyered to any eya ; - ? : : but ha own. She announced the following morning that ljord Tyrone was dead, ati.t sure enough that day a packet was delivered oonttiningtiie announoemant of his death. A eon was oerlainly born to her,: and he did .. .=y: indeed many , -the ghost's , teirass. ; . Iiady '-C-M Beresford diM too when ahe was forty-seven, 1 ' ' ' The population of London is said to :bs 4,848,300, and increasing at tho rate of 3|g lOfi.OWayear. MMtttHmJlmMWkMymS 