NEW NOVELS. "A Well-meaning Woman," by Clo Graves (Loudon: Hutchinson and Co.), "which has been sent to us by the publishers through Messrs. Melville, Mullen, and Slq.de, is a clever and amusing story, the plot being interesting, the characters well marked, and the style crisp and lively. The authoress is already known in Melbourne by her farcical comedy "A Mother of Three," which was | recently given with much success at the Bijou by the Brough Company. Lady Bain tree, who, with a touch of sarcasm, is called on the title page "a well-meaning woman," is never happy except when arranging mar riages among her friends and acquaintances. She takes no thought of the fitness of the parties for one another. That is a small matter to he?. As long as she can make a match she is sublimely indifferent to all I other considerations. One of her victims, [Pope Dollimore, a gentleman of rather feeble character, is as clay in her hands. He is twice provided by her with wives, from both of whom lie is obliged to seek the aid of the divorce court, and he seems to be perpetually waiting for a rule nisi in his favour. Lady Baintree, however, insists on giving him a third chance, and nearly gets him entangled with a mere schoolgirl, a worldly and heartless little minx, who re gards him with contempt, and only jumps at him for the sake of his wealth and posi tion. We cannot help laughing at the matrimonial troubles of Mr. Dollimore-he takes them so lightly. The serious element in the story is supplied by the history of Elizabeth Colquhoun. This young lady, who is very charming, but the daughter of an impecunious aristocratic adventurer, re ceives an offer from Hilary Warr, a man of high character and attainments, with a com paratively small income. She is really in love with him, and accepts him, erroneously believing that he iB heir to his cousin, Lady Baintree. He happens to mention that he has a rather small income and no expectations, whereupon she asks to be allowed to with draw her promise. This is a terrible blow to Hilary,' and, as may be imagined, his suffering is not alleviated by her subse quent marriage, through the instrument ality of Lady Baintree, to Lord Rotherhithe a sporting nobleman of low tastes and in tensely vulgar manners and language. The situation is daringly^ conceived, but it is skilfully managed, and in such a way that Elizabeth does not entirely forfeit the reader's sympathy. The male reader, how ever, may be excused for asking whether it is possible for a young lady who has just declared, "I do love you, Hilary, and I will be your wife," to beg off a minute later, with the explanation, "I can never be the wife of a poor man. I mean to marry for money." There are, of course, plenty qf cases where girls accept a man for his wealth only, but one imagines that if they afterwards found that they had been mis taken they would not immediately draw back, but would let him down gradually. A man would hardly venture to represent a young woman acting as Elizabeth Col quhoun, who is not without kindness and good feeling, did to Hilary Warr, but the authoress should know her own sex, and we may therefore conclude that what she describes is not as improbable as it seems to the unsophisticated male mind. The latter portion of the book is not equal to the earlier part, and the means by which Elizabeth is relieved of her odious husband smacks too much of the melodramatic. We have read that sort of thing too often be fore. As a whole, however, the story is extremely readable and amusing. "Uncanny Tales," by Mrs. Molesworth, issued as a volume of Hutchinson's "Colonial Library," which has been sent to us by Messrs. Melville, Mullen, and Slade, is a collection of stories of very varying de grees of uncanniness. The nearest ap proach, among them, to a blood-curdling narrative is "The Shadow in the Moon light," which describes how a family who rent an old family mansion are troubled by a very unpleasant shadow, the figure of an old man, with bony hands, who, on moonlight nights, goes groping along the walls of the gallery as though searching for something. His approach, too, is always heralded by an icy coldness, a particularly disagreeable manifestation. Well may the narrator, who experienced these pheno-* mena just outside the drawing-room, whence came thesound of cheerful, laughing voices, say:-^'It seemed impossible, incredi ble, that within a few feet of the matter of-fact, pleasant, material life this horrible, inexplicable drama should be going on." The peculiarity of these manifestations was that they were not confined to the old house, but followed the family about where ever they went, even to their own home. The explanation of the mystery, so far as it can be called an explanation, and how the ghost was laid, must be sought by the reader in the volume itself. The other stories are shorter and less striking, and one or two of them are quite devoid of ghostliness. " will not take place" tells how a young man broke off an engage ment with the girl he loved, and refused to give any explanation, the real reason not being revealed until years afterwards. Al though these tales are pleasantly written it can hardly be said that the writer has, in a high degree, the faculty of making the supernatural or quasi - supernatural appear real and credible, or of creating for her characters and incidents an atmosphere of gruesomeness and mys tery-a faculty possessed pre- eminently by such writers as Poe, the two Hawthornes, Le Fanu, and Fitzjames O'Brien. 