IN THE DEAD OF NIGHT, By the PopnlarAuthoreBB, ADA CAMBBID&E.; PiMished by specitH arrangemeni icifll . Messrs. Ward Lock $ Go., Ltd. : [ALL RIGHTS RESBEVRB.] : CHAPTER III—(Continued). Win gate was abont to leave the lodge, when Mrs Howe, the keeper's mother, hav ing seen from bed and dressed in haste, In order to find out what was doing at this hour of the night, entered the parlour, curtsied; looked from one to another with an expectant smile, and then caught sight: . of the coil of rope and pounced upon it. " Why, if thi3 ain't the clothes line that . was stole last night!" she ej aoulated, with . round eyes and uplifted hands. " Why, Abet .wherever did you find it ?" " This gentlemanfound it, mother, inths garden at The Chase." "Tori Bight away hp there! What " Was it yours.?" 'interposed Wingate eagerly. \- "Ho,-sir, the rector's. Bis; housekeeper bought it new last week, and the very first' time she used 'it she had it stole. Strange . to say, the linen that was hanging on It— for myBelf, I don't believe in leavi g your clothes out all night—was left on the jgrass, and only the line cook." " Only the line was required," eaid Billy. " But how do you know it is the same F" "Because there , wasn't another new \- clothes line in the place." " "Isuppose rope is used for other pnr \- poses.' Probably this was brought to The Chase from quite another direction." .... " And to.The Chase, bf all places!" She desired ardently to enter upon a long discussion, covering the matter of the ghost, .but sudden. reticence had fallen upon the visitor. He. affected surprise to find that it was near upon mid night, and concern that his wife was so iate"up after ajourney, apd took a hasty leave, carrying Ms rope with him. As soonaa . they . were , both upon the high road, out ofearahot of the lodge, he said to hu wife, solemnly— ■ "Hettie.either that fellow is in league -With the • burglars, or Adelaide* Ealcombe hassomegdhieon hand. One or the other." " Then it - must be - Adelaide Balcombe," said Nettie," forlam convinced that Abel Howe is ashonestas theday." . " How are you convinced ?" her husband" asked. . . " By the look in his face—the-way he speaks—everything." ■ tt Wbma^i»s instinct!" laughed Billy. . " Now I- think his manner most suspicious : - his.disinclination to have- the matter in-. .; quired into—his preposterous suggestion that the candle-man is a. ghost-—every thing,^Syoh would say. But things look black against the rector's house too. We .' will interview Mrs' -George Desully to morrow morning, and get^articnlars con- i \- horning the larceny of the1 clothes line. Tm awfully'cnrions to see her, apart from that. I wonder how she'll receive me, and what .she looks like now ? She was un commonly pretty as a girl, ia her white -cat stjyle. And I'll make her tell , that atoryabout Lexie before I've done—and watch how she does it.I can't get it out of my mind Bomeho w that it's all a pack of lies."' •.'-"But what then, B(illy ?" Oh, God knows! I believe she was enticed a. way "by that foreign fellow—on . some: charitable errand perhaps—and murdered for the necklace. That, tome, is far more lifaely1 than the other thing. '■ And they- never seem to have thohghtof it! Fancy, never, thinking of it, and never lifting a hand or 'taking a step to find her!" ."Isuppose.they had more reason than yon knowof," suggested Nettie, saying to herself, with an inward sigh, "How he harps npon that woman! How impossible he thinks it for her to have done wrong!" . They found Mrs Venn's door-key under \- the mat,and slipped through the house to bed, and tried to sleep. Nettie succeeded, ■■-for she was only twenty-twoand her heart : was at rest—she did not seriously concern herself about her handsome husband's past; Billy declared in the morning that ' the feather mattress had defeated him,- and that if they stayed another night in that y>1ace he ahouldsleep ion the floor. -He took a nip of whisky before breakfast, to i'dear his brain of morbid thoughts that had haunted him through the dark hours, v. Their buggy having no seat for a servant, and the English-feeling morning — a mixture of delieate mist and sunshine— being more inviting than usual, they agreed to do their errands to the rectory -and the agent's house on foot. And they set forth early, without confiding their-bnsiness or late experiences to their .garrulous landlady, Wingate being still under the -impression that a police case impended in which anybody might be in volved. Their first call was upon the interesting Geraldine Balcombe that was, and Win gate was almost certain that lie saw her face at an upper window as they passed through the well-remembered garden, where the beech tree under which she used to make afternoon tea was beginning to torn yellow, and the myriad chrysanthe mum buds opening into bloom. Great, therefore, was their disappointment when the genial rector, who received them in his -study, presently intimated that she was two unwell to come downstairs. His mentibn of the fact that she had seen the linen taken froin the lost line, when gazing . at the moon from - her bedroom window— unfortunately assuming that it was the housekeeper: who, for fear of thieves, was bringing it indoors—saved "Wingate the " awkwardness of introducing her name, and gave him his opportunity to explain that she was an -old friend. His touching account at his intimacy with her and her familyin past years—of how he had been a guest in this very house, treated like a son, and how interesting he found it to return to* the old scenes and revive the happy memories connected therewith— caused Mr Martin to send a message to Mrs Desailly, with the expectation that she would make a special' effort in response; but her answer, long delayed, was that she \- tagged Jllr Wingate would excuse her, and the report of the servant to the fact that the lady had had a kind of fainting fit at the moment of hearing his name. . Wingate expressed his sorrow for this state of .things, looking becomingly grave, but revealing a certain elation at the back of his gravity to Kettle's watchful'eye. His air of sympathy and his claim to old friendship had tbe anticipated result of drawing confidences from Mr Martin which he wonld not have reposed in a stranger. " I'daresay," said he, " yon are aware of the sad dissensions in the Desailly family?" Wingate said he was, implying a com plete knowledge of all their affairs. j " She suffers terribly," the rector con tinued, shaking his head; " more than Sir Walter can have any idea of, or he wonld never treat her so inhumanly as he does." " I cannot realise his character, as yon and others paint it," said Wingate. "I was his chosen comrade for years when we were both young men, and never knew a kinder-hearted fellow. He must have greatly changed." He has, evidently. To honnd a poor, weak woman into her grave or the mad house—no man worthy of the name of man,; let alone a gentleman, and one with a kind heart, conld stoop to such cowardly, such infamous conduct." The warmth with which this speech was delivered suggested to Wingate that the fascinating Geraldine had not yet ont grown her fascinations. " I am quite sure," he said, "that- my old friend conld not stoop to that, however changed. There most he some misunder standing somewhere. Possibly yon are not acquainted with all the circumstances." " Pardon me. Mrs Desailly has herself done me the . honor to confide the whole matter to me, -without reserve." . " I see," murmured Billy, with another look at his wife, who Bat ont of the discus sion as far as her host's politeness allowed. "And I have the evidence of my own eyes, Mr Wingate—of- her terrible state of health, the. result of these constant trials. They have so preyed upon a highly nervous constitution that the brain seems to have become incapable of rest. She is a martyr to insomnia in its most acute form." "I am really awfully sorry to hear it," remarked Wingate, in a commiserating tone, and with all his wits on the alert. " Yes. She has taken to walking in her sleep—when she does sleep—which greatly alarms me. And one doesn't know what to do in such a case,1 especially in my situation. I am afraid to lock her in, lest she should fall ont of the window or have an accident with the candle. She naturally objects to have a servant with her at night, and opiates she hag a horror of—so have I. I have known the habit of taking morphia to entirely desfcroy all moral principle and "self- restraint. I would rather any one belonging, to me poison himself- outright than take a single, dose of it." " "Youhave really proved the somnam bulism? " Wingate queried gently. " Beyond - a doubt. I met her on the road a few nights ago, hours after she had retired to bed—I was called from mine to attend a dying parishioner—and she told me she had ho idea how she got there. It is a -most serious symptom in her casa. have tried to impress this upon her, and to "persuade her to seek medical advice." " "And won't she ? " . -" She wishes to gi-~e herself a fair trial of the country first. She thinks her native air and the peace and quiet of her present life are doing her good, and will soon restore her altogether. - I am bonnd to say Idon't. I think the disorganisation of the nervous system increases daily. Indeed, if her husband does not come very soon, I must send for him, or else for a good doctor. for my own satisfaction," \- " Does she expect her husband soon ?' "Any day. " But he is rather an erratic person, as perhaps you know. I proposed to-fetch her daughter, to keep her com pany, but she won't hear of it. She thinks it bad-for a. child to be shot up with a nervousin valid. Perhaps it is. But I am sure it is advisable to have some one to stay, with her. It would relieve me of much responsibility, and keep her from brooding and fretting so much." \- " I should insist npon it," said Wingate, " if -1 were yon. By the way, you don't think she may have taken the clothes line herself, when walking in her sleep ? " \- " Oh, mo ; certainly not. She was awake and leoMng from the window when she saw. the thief, and that was one of her -better -nights. Bat last night she must have been out again. We did not bear her moving, but my housekeeper says there is no doubt about it. She judges by the state of ber clothes and shoes. And she seems this morning to be prostrate with exhaustion,though she stayed in the hohse allyeBterday." "I should certainly get-a doctor at once," said Wingate, rising, "and make him insist on her being watched at night. Your housekeeper looks a lady-like person; Mrs Desailly could not object to her having a bed in her room, under the circumstances. Bat the best thing, of course," would be to send for her husband to come and take ber home." "I cannot be inhospitable," the poor rector faltered, "if the change of air is really doing her any good: But—well, I most talk matters over with her when she gets up." " Ana praycommand me, if I can be of any use,'- said Wingate. "As an old Mend, yon know ■" " Oh, thank yon, thank yon! Where are yon staying? Won't yon take lunch ■with me ? Pray do—yon and Mrs Win gate—and perhaps Mrs Desailly might then be well enough to come down. She will be deeply disappointed, I am snre, to miss seeing yon. Everything connected with her happy girlhood is so intensely in teresting to her. And I shonld like to show yon the church and the improvements I have /made. Ton will-find things looking very different to what they were in poor old Balcomhe's time." The visitors pleaded the pressing nature of their business with the squire's agent, which, turned the conversation upon the burglars, the ghost, and contingent mat ters, delaying their departure for another half-hour. Bat engagements were entered into for an exchange of hospitalities when convenient, while the rector walked with them to his garden gate, gathering flowers for Nettie by the way ; and before sepa rating cordial offera of assistance in their respective difficulties ■ were provisionally accepted on both sides. As Wingate shook hands with his new friend, promising to call again later to report progress in the affair of the rope, hesaw a face in an upper window, peeping from behind a blind. While he tried to draw Nettie's attention to it, it disappeared. — " Bat I know that profile," he said, when they were again upon the road, " and 1 see the whole thing as clear as day. It isn't burglars—it's 6ome fight going on between Walter and her—-I shonld imagine for the possession of something he's got locked np at The Chase. Compromising docu ments, perhaps. .Well, though it doesn't seem exactly chivalrous, and though I don't owe him any service, but quite the con trary, I am going to he on Walter's side. And we'll stop here, Nettie, if yon have no objection, till we get through with the affair." " Oh, I have no objection," cried Nettie, heartily;' " far from it 1 I wouldn't go away now for fifty pounds. I never was so interested in anything in all my life." 