Readings in Catholic Doctrine. DEVOTION TO THE SACRED HEART OF JESUS. Devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus may be said to be both an old and a new devotion. In one sense it is as old as the worship of the Sacred Body of the Lord; that is, as old as the Holy Eucharist and as the Incarnation itself, and as necessary and universal as that worship. For the Sacred Heart is a part, and one of the principal parts, of the Lord's Body, which has been adored ever since its conception in the sacred body of Mary, and must be adored by every Christian. In another sense, also, il is a,a um a.a -_ainsuanity; mat is, con sidered as a devotion specially directed toward the Sacred Heart, and not merely included in the worship of the entire Body of Christ. It was a devo tion of the Blessed Virgin Mary, of St. John the Apostle, of St. Gertrude, St Bernard, St. Aloysius, St. Francis de Sales, St. Jane Frances de Chantal, and other saints. But, in this special sense, it was a private and not a public devo tion, a particular and not a univez'sal devotion. As a special public and uni versal devotion it is comparatively new and recent. The reason of this is, that the Holy Spirit did not inspire saints, devout per sons, prelates of the Church, and the Holy See to make it a public and uni versal devotion, until these modern times. The Lord reserved it as a special means of grace for these latter days, me wicKea ana dangerous period in which we live. It has been made known and intro duced by revelations and miracles, pro pagated by the efforts of enlightened, faithful and zealous servants of our Lord, approved by the Vicar of Jesus Christ, and 'made obligatory in so far as the appointment of a special feast in honour of the Sacred Heart is con cerned — a feast which we hope may one day be made one of the great feasts of obligation. Through the piety of many devout adorers of the Sacred Heart, religious congregations and con fraternities have been founded in its honour, and the devotion has spread among the faithful in a wonderful way. Immense portions of the Catholic Church have been consecrated by the prelates ruling over them to the Sacred Heart, and numberless churches, altars, and shrines have been built and dedi cated under its august invocation. The spiritual benefit which the Church and a multitude of her members have de rived from this new fountain of grace is incredibly great. There, is therefore, every reason and motive why Catholics should, cherish and seek to extend this devotion as much as possible. This devotions is directed to the Heart of Jesus, as the bodily seat and instrument of the human affections of His soul, and more espe cially of His love to men. This human love of the Soul of. Jesus is the love of. a Soul united, to the Divine Nature in the Person of the Word. It is there fore the love of God. The Sacred Heart of Jesus, the bodily organ of this love, with and through His Soul, is also united to the Divine Nature, and is, therefore, the Heart of God. The Soul and Body of Jesus are deified by this union.and are worshipped with supreme adoration, or worship of latria, in them selves on account of their belonging1 to a Divine Person. For this reason, divine worship is due to the Heart oC -r ? .. ««/i 1« cvlimr\ in \t hv rllG C£LLnO God has' a real human heart, and loves us with a tender, human affection, conjoined with His divine love. God is Trinity in Unity; Three Persons—the Father, the Sonf and the Holy Ghost. God the Father so loves the world that He sends His Only Begotten Son to re deem all men. God the Holy Ghost so loves the world that He dwe Is in the hearts of all men who are fit to receive Him and sanctifies those who are not fit by reason of sin, that they may be made fit God the Son so loves the world, that He has become man, died on the cross, given Himself in the Holy Eucharist, and made men His breth ren, co-heirs with Him of the kingdom of heaven. The love of the Blessed Trinity comes to us through the Sacred Humanity of Jesus. His Sacred Heart is the seat and the visible symbol of that love, the living Temple of the Trin ity. In that Sacred Heart, God and man meet and are united in love. The Heart of Jesus draws the hearts of all men who are not in mortal sin into unity and conformity with itself, and draws the hearts of all sinners, if they yield to its attraction, out of the state of sin into the state of grace. Devo tion to this Sacred Heart is the most certain means of sanctification for the just and conversion for sinners which can be employed, when it is joined, as it must always be, with devotion to the Immaculate Heart of Mary- It is the shield and sword of the Church in the warfare which is waging with the pow ers of darkness. The banner of the Sacred Heart is the banner under which we must march and fight, in order to conquer our spiritual enemies. The pastors of the Church and the great champions of the faith have given you the example which you ought to follow, by their signal acts of devotion to the Sacred Heart of our Lord. Follow this example, especially during' this month of June, the month specially consecrated to the Sacred Heart, by adoring the Heart of Jesus, and offering your hearts to him in grateful love, as a return for that love which is ever burning for you and fo- all men in that sanctuary of grace and perpetual adoration, the Sacred Heart of Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom the praise and glory, for ever, with the Father and the Holy Ghost. Amen. 