[?] BY GR0SYEH0R BUNSTEB, Anttior or Hark Velton, The Devil's Wife, Hfenstone-s Ec reuse. Tales of Crimes nnd Trials, etc, etc CHAPTER VTJ. -Costop id. _ On this evening however she ap peared determined to look her best I have said that she was very beautiful, and those with whom she now lived owned readily enough — since there was na disputing the fact — that there were few young ladies in society who could eclipse her. But beauty of itself is not everything. It is often marred and rendered vulgar by those who own it Tnrieed this is eenpraliv the rasp. Women rarely learn how to dress well until they have passed their spring. Olive however possessed the good taste in these matters, which is indeed inborn in her countrywomen. She knew the effect of a judicious mixture of colours, and could produce a happier result by the use of a bow of ribbon, or a .spray of flowers, than any to be achieved by art of dressmaker or milliner. -. -— s-'r. ?: .. ,,' , ~'. *T-niigbV as she looked into ner mirror, a smile of gratified pride crossed her face, ? they shall see,1 she muttered, ?whether we are the barbarians they would have us.' Then she descended to the room in which Mrs Horton and her daughters were awaiting her. . Carlotta, looking over the banisters as her young mistress crossed the hall, uttered an exclama tion of delight. As the girl entered the room the ladies could not forbear an utterance of surprise. On Edith's part it was also one of delight, and coming forward, she affectionately congratulated Olive upon her appearance. ?You look charming, dear,' she whispered. ?You have excellent taste, Miss Verners,' cried Mrs Horton. Miss Horton said nothing, but she could not conceal the annoyance which was reflected in her face, and which, of itself, was perhaps the best tribute to the girl's loveliness which could have been paid. The theatre that evening wascrowded. I think the opera of Sonambuia was represented, Madame Escott and Mr Squires being the chief performers. They who remember those days will easily understand tne when I say the dress-circle was, filled with beautiful women, and that out of Europe no liner sight could have been seen than was that night represented. It was a bespeak night, and society was pre sent. Society in those days meant something different to what it signifies now. There was then some iittle limit to the preteniions of democracy, but now there is no surprise if you elbow your tailor or barber at a ball or dinner party. For my part, I liked the old fashion best. The entrance of the Hortons— who were of the best set — attracted the at tention of those already assembled Miss Horton, who was a belle, naturally inspired the attention which society accord to beauty. But, to-night, there was not a little curiosity exhibited in the weil-bred murmur andstir which the entrance of the party usually excited. Rumour had been busy as to the foreign beauty who was living with the Hortons, and- as usual rumour had woven a hundred and one romantic and impossible stories to accouut for hei visit. A muttering of surprised admiration ran through the circle as the young girl's loveliness burst upon those present. 1 am not sure that Olive was unconscious of this tribute to her attractions, but I know that her cheeks became suffused by blushing and her soft dark eyes flashed with pleasure. It was very pleasant to see Oiive blush. Her clear brown skin was so transparent that the rich blood glowed through it just as a glorious glanceof the sun lights up the western sky. We have all noticed how the audience upon these occasions, from pit to gallery, concentrates its at tention, while waiting for the rising of the curtain, upon its fashionable element The gallery boy takes as evident interest in the arrival of the ?swells' — their looks, raiment, and behaviour — as the more refined occu pant of the stalls, who turns his eyes upon ever}1 pretty woman in turn. It is not wonderful, therefore, that Olive — whose appearance, apart from her natural beauty, was relished with the appetite of curiosity — became the object of general attention. All this added fuel to the fire of dislike which animated Mrs Horton and her elder daughter. Nor was it acceptable to Edith, who foresaw danger in the adulation with which, it was evident, Olive was regarded. Now it so happened that upon this particular occasion Mr Sparkle had treated himself to a stall ticket.- Mr Sparkle was a gentleman of taste. He liked everything of the best The sixpenny restaurants which have cropped up since his time would have raised his girge. I have known him, indeed, stwrre.on balf-a crown, pre ferring to wait until he had saved a crown that he might dine royally at Spiers and Pond's cafe. So with his olher indulgences. He loved art, but could not understand its contemplation from the gallery any more than he could understand eating asparagus with an iron fork. Mr Sparkle then, was among those who were attracted by the entrance of the Hortons. They bad secured a seat in the' front row, and Olive, by some accident, was placed by Miss Horton's side. The contrast in their beauty was very marked. Miss Horton was a blonde, cold, passive, and ' bloodless ' ; Olive a brunette, and warm, passionate, and vivacious. Miss Horton bad At worst of it Mr Sparkle, who was one of those extra ordinary persons, whose .memory strengthens with time, looked at the girl with eager interest. He knew her directly he cast eyes upon her. The reader may infer that this memory arose out of the occurrence which Philip Verners had related, and it 'was, there fore, no matter of surprise that' Mr Sparkle, as lie looked upon Olive, grew grave and somewhat pah?. The realisa tion that tie Httlc girl in whose' de- siructii n he had been a passive accom plice n«ii n-rw before him a^beautiful woman — »as of itbdf sufficient to in spire him with contused, -et suggestive thoughts. This was the girl it was pro posed he should marry. As he thought thiB, be experienced a thrill of pleasure to which hitherto he had been a stranrer. This was natural enough. A man looking upon Olive Verners as his future wife would, indeed, be of cold Mood if his heart did not palpitate with happiness add his whole being rejoice in the anticipated possession of such a lovely creature. Have you seen the faint pink beauty of a spring sunset, and do you remember with what lingering pleasure you dwelt upon that picture ? If you do, you have seen Oiive Verners as Mr Sparkle did. It was good to watch the girl's face during the performance of the opera. While controlled by natural good taste and breeding from giving evidence of her intense delight, she could not conceal, in the expression of her face, how entirely she was entranced by the performance. Mr Sparkle, who, as we have seen, had an interest in the matter, watched her closely. ' Egad !' he muttered ; * I don't say but that I'd take the girl without the money. She is a catch.' Then he noticed how several of the young eligibles of the time contrived to secure introductions to Olive For the first time in liis life Mr Sparkle experienced a faint sensation of jealousy. He chafed against tbe privileges which society conferred upon gentlemen who, lo his practical mind, had no claim upon the consideration of a lady whom he already regarded as his future wife. He reflected. * Come !' he considered, ' there can be no belter opportunity than this offered now. If this young lady is to be the future Mrs Sparkle, the sooner she becomes acquainted with her husband the better for all concerned.' With this, Mr Sparkle devoted his attention to the stage, enjoying the performance in that philosophical spirit which enabled him to distract his attention as he chose in those directions which, for the time being, promised him most pleasure. The opera concluded, his thoughts reverted in the . most natural manner to Miss O'ive Verners. Elbowing his way out of the crowd, he took his place at the entrance to the theatie, and there awaited the exit of the party. The night was dark and gloomly The great heat of the day dung oven the city in a stifling atmosphere that foretold of a storm, and dull leader clouds rolled sullenly athwart the sky. As the crowd came forth from the theatre a sudden crash of thunder awoke the air, and quick flashes of lightning lit up the scene. The Hortons, who were among the first to leave the theatre, quickly gained their caniage Mr Spaikle, influenced by some undefined feeling, edged from the crowd, and coming close to the carriage-door, ' closed it upon lhe party. The coachman drew out from, the ctowd and drove down the street He had not reached the corner ere an awful crash of thunder was heard. Then came a sullen silence, presently broken by loud cries, as the horses attached to the Horton's carriage, maddened wilh fear, dashed down the street All this was observed by Mr Sparkle, to whom thunder and light ning were nothing, and, who, secretly hoping for an opportunity to introduce himself to Olive, had hung upon the skirts of the Hortons. Rushing along the stteet — he was Hihe and active — he succeeded in heading the horses ere they had entirely mastered their driver, and at last, with the letter's aid, managed to subdue them. Then he opened the carriage-door, and handed the ladies out. Mrs Horton — aibeit she showed little of it — was in a terrible fright. Olive, alone of all the party, evinced no nervousness. Mr Sparkle noticed this with some interest Being a person of a practical turn of philosophy, he argued that a young lady who could so command herself in the midst of danger was not of the nature to be easily controlled or persuaded. Mrs Horton, who could not be persuaded to re-enter her car riage, readily accepted the services cf Mr Sparkle, who, procuring a cab, placed the ladies in it. As he did so, in a very gentlemanly manner, and as moreover, Miss Horton had remarked that his appearance was not unattrac tive, there can be no surprise that Mrs Horton, when parting with her ' preserver,' expressed her gratitude in terms which led the gentleman's ac ceptance of an invitation to wait upon the ladies at the -Lodge. 'He is evidently a gentleman,* ejaculated Miss Horton, as she leant back in her seat. 'Indeed, he bas quite a distinguished manner.' * Quile so,' assented her mother. ' I shall discharge John to-morrow,' John, who was the coachman, was thus unreasonably held responsible for lhe mischief caused by the thunder and lightning. What was Olive thinking of? Was it of the brilliant spectacle of which she had so recently fomted an item ? or was it of that daik eager face which had caught her memory and troubled It — as a dream of an ill and long past matter of our lives sometimes comes to haunt us ? 'Carlotta,* said Olive that night, as her maid brushed her long and luxuriant hair- * I have seen a ghost of the past.' Then she told the girl what had occurred, and spoke of the impression which Mr Sparkle's ap pearance had made upon her memory ' ' Is it true ?' cried CarJotta. . ' I, too, have seem him. He is often here. He speaks to the major— domo ! What do I say? The old man, with the short breath. Coucha! Buffial Yes. I know. CHAPTER VIII. Mr. Sparkle. Carlotta was right Mr Sparkle, with the foresight of the wise general, had surveyed tbe ground upon which, as he deemed, the battle was to be fought Carlotfa, with that singular perception of danger which is an instinct of her race^ had watched Mr Sparkle, and ere long recognised him as one associated with the outrage of which she and her young -niistress bad been victims. And Mr Spf&e;, con ecious of all this, had deemed that the opening of the campaign must be con ducted with skill and pnidt nee. Hrnce he interviewed Mr BuffliS at the Rose and Thorri, and very artfully 'pumped ' that gentleman, a task which was more easily accomplished by reason of the worthy bujler's self-satisfaction with his - happy mode of wooing. The honest man, no longer in doubt as to his position in the widow's affections, no longer felt any ill-will towards Mr Sparkle; and from being his avowed enemy, became very friendly and con descending towards that gentleman. Carloita had seen them together, and had judged correctly, that ill was promised to her mistress by the intimacy. Like all Malays, she was incapable of believing in unselfishness, and hence she identified Mr Buffles with Mr Spaikle as coadjutor in a vile conspiracy. But she did not speak to her mistress on the matter until Olive herself had broached the subject Then, in her graphic way, she told what she had seen. It was not difficult for one of Olive's keen perception and vivid imagination to conjure up a plot of which she should be a second time the victim. That this man Sparkle should have been associated with those who com mitted the outrage which had per chance its object, her death, when she was but a mere infant, was of itself horribly suggestive of his intentions now. And yet she could not openly denounce him. That was impossible. And nbir, that by some ,. untoward ; chance he had succeeded in getting a footing in the Lodge, how was she to meet him?— how endure his presence, in the full knowledge of his purpose ? Oh, that her guardian would take her away from this perplexing and unhappy position. Nevertheless, when Mr Sparkle pre sented himself at the Lodge the follow ing day with most courteous inquiries as to the ladies' health after their fright, she was composed enough to thank him for the services he had rendered. Indeed she possessed something of the subtle art — or shall I call it simulation ? — of her race and sex ; and in her desire to prevent Mr Sparkle from having any suspicion that she remembered him and feared him, was perhaps gracious in her bearing. At any rate, Mr Sparkle went away fully impressed that he had made a very fair beginning. * Egad !' said he, ' that thunder storm was providential. I am to dine with them next Thursday. By George ! I'm beginning to take an interest in life.' And sure enough Mr Sparkle did dine at the Lodge on Thursday even ing, and several times following. But ore day -when he made his appearance, he found that Mr John Horton had arrived, and he speedily learned that he now had to deal with a person who was little likely to be hoodwinked by his specious manners and airy speech. Mr Horton thanked him for the service he had done for his people, but so formally and coldly that Mr Sparkle felt intentively that he had made no good impression in that direction. And indeed he was right John Horton was by no means a brilliant man. But he possessed that common sense which, in our passage through this world, is so much more safe a guide than the brighest talents. And in his honest way, he looked straight into the man's heart Thus he knew as by instinct that Mr Sparkle was a rogue, and he did not hesitate {seeing the efforts made by the gentleman to please Olive) to tell his ward his views Whereat, with some hesitation, Olive informed him of her own vague suspicions, and how she and her maid were almost certain that this man had been associated with those who kid napped her, as seen in Philip Verners 's narrative. 'Ah, well, little one,' said the squatter, ' the sooner we clear out the better. When will you be seady /' *I — I am ready now — this moment. I long to get away.' Her guardian regarded her for some moments rather woefully. ' You will find it dull, I'm afraid, at the station. You see, I'm an old fellow, and used to it. But for you — ' Eo that I am with you, dear guar dion, that is all I want— And guar dian,' she went on playfully, ' you call yourself old. Old! You! so strong, so healthy !' ' I'm nigh forty, litttle rosebud,' said he with a sigh. Why he sighed he knew not, for John Horton was not the man to bother about his age Wrinkles and grey hairs had no terror for him, who was a confirmed bachelor, and who had never felt fhe want of love^f wife, or children. But now — well, after all, it was a passing feeling, and was thought nothing of by him. But Olive had noted it A quick glance at his face revealed her know ledge. But John was dull at reading women's faces, and so caught nothing of the meaning in Olive's, nor that of . the sly smile with which she looked up at him and said : ' Do you know, guardian, that we have a saying in Spanish — H sdbio muda consdo, il tuscio no' . ? And that, in honest English, Olive, means ?' ' A wise man. changes his mind, a fool never.' John Horton looked puzzled. * And the application,, little one ?* 'Ah! that you may find' out in good time,' she laughed. * Mean while, dear guardian,' she said as she plucked a rose from her breast and pinned it to his coat, * never think that I shall tire of life where you. are. And then I must learn many things — useful things, eh? Oh, yes. Besides, Edith will be with us often. Ah I I think we shall aH be very happy. Only be quick, guardian, and take me away. I know, 'not why, but I feel as though danger threatens both you and me.' To BE O0OTnKBJn-. 