A G E R M A N W E A V I N G ! j V I L L A G l«J. j An intelligent correspondent has written an! ; account cf hi* visit to a little-known district of' j Germany, from which we take the following : — About 200 miles from the German capita'* in the noithern pait of the province of Sil> s:a, there is a line of luw bills callcd the H y^tack Mountains. Scattered amoug these t ills, sometimes in villages and again iu dttached aiul j •isolated log cabins, are to be found about 2,000 people, who are called the Hunger-Mf nschen — human beings who never have enough to eat. Their business is hand-loom weaving, and it has been carried on so long on starvation wages that their bodies have shrunk and dwindled until the anthropologist may almos-t classify them as a separate species of the human iami'y. Moit of these weavers live in the littln comity of Glitz, but a few hours' ride from Bieslau, and Goldbach ii the Schandlleck or shame spot of Germany. It was a cold, rainy April morning t! at Rjborg and I climbed from Reinerz to the broad: plateau on which the miserable little 1 ainlet is; situated. In about 30 minutes of st;f¥ climbingi we readied the top, and Goldbach lay before us.: Its low cabins were strung along both sides of the roadway for nearly half a milt-, and even; from win re we stood we cou'd hear the; monotonous click- clack cf tLelong line of looms.; Some little children tan into the cabins to; make known our arrival. The click-clack! stopped for a moment, and ghost like faces ; peered out of the windows. Such wit 1 ered' human beings I had never seen before. Their; eyes were sunken and dull, and the skin on' their faces when not sickly white was of a; dingy yellow hue. They looked out upon us| bewildered, and then fell back to the it looms, j and the click-clack began afresh. We wan-! dered on to the eud of the l amlet and thenj back to the inn, and th3 only living creatures] we saw were the cbildieu and the faces iu the 1 : window. There was not a hor»e or dog any-i where in sight, and the impression the little! village gave us was that of an isolated settle-; ment, shut off from human symi athy and even! deserted by the dtmestic animals, I-Ierr Sammek, the mayor, was a wrinkled; little man, hardly up to my shoulder, and there was a worried look in his face which I had not' noticed among the other villagers. It comcs, I; fancy, from the wearying efforts to collect: village taxes. He was anxious that we should' have his officisil statement of the case. Gdd-I b&ch;, he said, was the poorest place in the; entire district. There are ntarly a hundred; weavers in the village, and they just barely: exist. In the Bohemian-speaking villages farther to the west the weavers bavealwajs had; the alternative of woiking in the woods or at; their looms as tbey chose, and they sre conse-j quently belter situated. In Goldbach, however, 1 this choice has never existed, and tl e villagers: are now so weak and unaccustomed to out-door; labour that they simply cannot undertake it. All that they are capable of is a little woik in their gardens and weaving, and the cem-i pititiou with machines is so grtat that their) cloth must be sold at t' e veiy lowest prices. : The Government in 1852 bought the land in; Goldbach and resold it to the weavtrs on the; instalment plan, each settler promising to pay' fire rriatks a yt ar on his lot t'll the debt was| cancelled. Before that time the village had', been in the hands of lirge land proprietors, and; it was puicLased from them in the hope that personal ownership of house and garden would; give the we aver a new impetus to work. Had there bec-u enough ivork for them this hope, no doubt, would have been iealised, but l and-loom weaving is so little in demand to-day that the lots are still unpaid for. The average annual income of a family of eight persons is not more than 400 maik=, or less than £20. This is supposed to cover all expenses, and it is not hard to uuders'aud why there are so many ^mortgages. The mam kimls of weaving done in Goldbach are shutings, handkerchiefs, sheet- 1 , and ticking, j 'A middleman, livii g in Rtinerz, furnishes the: 1 raw stuffs, and then buys the; eloth at a valua-j tion agreed upon beforehand. The Govern-j iment has also had sorr.e work done here, but asj |it usually wants towels for the army, and the jweaven are too wetk to do such heavy wi aviug,! the middleman is tbe main employer. If there; is a flaw in the cloth returne d to him it is not; paid for, and a case is known where a woman! worked two wetks on some sheetings anel all; payment for the cloths delivered was refused; because of some little mistake. The bill of fareji in the village varies a little in the different! cabins, but in the main it consists of ryej coffee, rye bread, and meal. A queer.' mixture of dough and meal is the favourite; dish for Sundays. Potatoes are < aten wheal cheap enough. Most of the weavers have! little gardens where thry raise all the vegetables' they can, but their lots are so small that they! haro no room for large crops. Their potatoes! give out very early iu the winter. Meat is sel-' dom seeu. Herr Sammeck has it once a week,; but he earns an extra 150 maiks a year for his! public services, and can afford it. The others! get a taste of it once in six months. The; greater part of the weavers in Goldbach are'; blood kindred, and married couples are fre-! quently fiist cousins, but malformed children, are turpi isingly rare. Nearly avery household; has at least four boys and girls, and up to ten years of age they remain in good health. I asked Herr Pabl, as he had remarked upon the fact, how he accounteel for it. He shook his head doubtfully, and at first did not seem tj I ave any explanation to give, but ho finally laid, " Na ! the air helps a little !" Whrn the childri n bc"iii to v* eave, however, the life soon tells on them, and if tiny keep it up thiy grow thin and wi ak. As soon as a child can turn the crank of th<* spooling machine lie is enli-ted into the service, ai d has almo-'t as mai y hours of toil as. Lis parei.tv At live o'ch ck, f-uminer and? winter, bo must be up and doii g, ai d after the! few hours at school and pby, he works on iutoi the nigl.t with bis ekleis. I asked Herr Sam-j mek if he diel not think the oleb-r people would 1 be streng if tli< y worked e ut of doors a little—i on farms for example. "We have tried it," he replied, 4 4 but we are too thin blooded. Even in summer, if the wind blows hard, wo shiver as you do in winter, arid 110 i'aimtr will take us." 4 1 But could you not go into factoiit s A look! of despair camei into his face. 4 ' It is the same tl.ing there," be answered. 4 1 If we ask a manufacture r for work, he says we cau't do enough. Y'.u see we lack the strength to run the big m; chines, and in factories they w»nt pe oplc that can work haiel. No; »11 that we can do is to weave." In answer to an inqu'iy why there is so little work, he said that the factori s conti oiled the market, and it was only by we rking cheaper than facto)y hands that home weavers were able to (hid any work at all. There is also a prejudice, he s?id, against handloom clolh. Eail.y in the aft< moon wo started out oil our round of the cabirs. Tl.e lint one belonged to a woman neaily 60 years of age, who had been a weaver e;ver since her tighlh jear. 1 had heard that sbo took part in tbe revolutiDn, 4 4 Oh, that was a tenible time," she said, holding her linger against he*r nose in a characteristic Geriran wsy. 4 1 Wei had only grrss to eat then. I remember my mother sending me out many a night to cut jras* and dandelions for the evening soup. I wasn't iu the revolution myself, but my lover was. He never came back " And tbe poor old soul began feeling around in the threads of theloom. 4 'Oh,yts; it's much better now," she continued. " Wo have bread every day, and you can't starve on that, can you ?" We called next on Herr Pshl, as he bad asked us to take his picture. We found Lim waiting for us on his doorstep, and as we entered the cabin he pinked up a sore-eyed skeleton-locking baby, saying, 4 Gentlemen,, this is my eleventh." We saw bat six children,.: and asked where the refct were. 4 4 In tbe graveyard," he re turned, and I fancied that I saw a look of thankfulness on his face. 4 4 1 elon't 4 want charity,'' ho explained, but I do think ;lhey might give me work. If I had enough to |do I could feed my children on bread at least, but now I can't earn over three marks a week, That's tbe reason the other children died. They weren't siek—110 one gets sick here—they justgot thinner and thinner and withered away."' At all ef the other cabins wa heard pract:cally the same stoiy. 'J he looms were alwajs die k- ing, and the childreu were either spooling oir peeling potatoes. 