TALE ON CHANGE. This-is an era of economy, but economy may be carried too far, as in tbe web- j authenticated ease of the horse tliat died ; just as it had learnt to live on nothing.! There have been some politicians who have j cut themselves down to one drink a day, j but when persisted in the consequences i have almost invariably been serious. Sir' John—nothing will induce rue to reveal bis j identity—has not tried any such dangerous I experiments with himself, lie was recently j a delegate from oue of the colonies—I will \ not say which — to the Federal Council, j and the colony of course paid expenses. One night before retiring Sir John said, ad dressing the official who looked aftev the score, "Well, Blank, 1 suppose we had bet ter have a drink before we turn in." "Very well, Sir John, if you are thirsty," said Blank. "But you know I have got one drink marked down against you to-day already." It isnot often thatMr. Hancock, M.L.A.,is' unprepared with a retort, but he was found utterly wantibg on one occasion. Professor Harrison Moore _liad delivered a lecture, and Mr. Hancock was proposing a vote of thanks. .. He aaid, "I am proud of the pro fessor, who is a countryman of mine." A small voice from the back of the hall asked, 'Ts tke Professorjiroud!'" Mr. Hancock has not yet discovered the fitting retort. I The ppofonnd-^gnorance which -exists- in some quarters oh the subject of federation is appalling* -- When Br. Enabling was in Echoca prosecuting his campaign as a can didate for the Convention, he was intro doced to a farmer, who asked, "Are yon going ggidnrt Jimmy M'Coll?" one of flic bystanders, taking UP the joke. '-He is running against M Coll, Mr. M'Col), M.L.A., not being a candidate tor (|,o Convention. "Oh, man, dear, re haven't a ghost of a show against Jimmy M'CulI If 5'c w01'e runni"K nny 0 ,!^n ye'd liatt my vote and welcome.' Dr. Embliijftas since retired, but whether the incident in question had anything to do with it I eannot say. Another incident of the same nature. It has heen impressed upon the electors over and over again that if they vote for more or less than ten candidates their vote will be informal, and will not be counted. Yet Mr. John West, one of the candidates, was encouraged in this way by a brother far mer, "You go to the poll, "iou are cer tain to get in, for every farmer in the country will plump for you." The promise that every farmer in the colony would ren der iiis vote invalid was anything but re assuring to Mr. West. Telegraph operators do their business well in the face of many difliculties. Most of their mistakes are traceable to the slovenly writing with which they have to deal, yet they are none the less amusing. A father the other day was horrified to re ceive a telegram as follows respecting his unmarried daughter, who was away from home 011 a visit, and had taken ill:— "Minnie a little daughter. More hoped for." Upon demanding an explanation, he found that the message which had.-been left at the ofiiee was:—"Mir.uhTa little better. More hopeful." A man put on by a squatter to see 6omc | travelling sheep through a run recently j noticed that the sheep toolcrcurious little fits of running. He inquired the cause, and | the drover was kind enough to give the fol lowing explanation:—"Well, the fact is the | poor liepgars have heen so thin lately that jthey lost their shadows. Now they are be 'ginning to throw shadows again, and they are frightened of them." The same curious j fact in natural history was discovered long | ago by old Mac, who said that lie once tra i veiled some sheep that were so thin that it took seventeen of them to make a shadow. An up-country journal recounts the recep tion given to a returned vigneron, who gave j his experiences of his recent Continental j tour. He said he was greatly inconveni ; eneed through not being able to speak ! French, for though English was spoken in the large towns, it was almost unknown in . the country. In fact, the people were .awfully ignorant. The assumption that the French jieasants are awfully ignorant be cause they cannot speak English is truly Urilish. "To lie used, in short, for every purpose to which clubs are usually devoted." Thus the Dean of Mclliourne on the occasion of : the opening of the Church of England j Club in Melbourne, and as the Dean is j president of the club he naturally knows j what he s talking about. Ftill I have doubts i as to the Church of England Gub becom ing quite the comprehensive institution the president would have it. May we ex pect, for example, to find on the eve of the Cup an announcement in the sporting columns of "The Argus" such as this: "Ixist night Xewhaven was quoted at 7 to 1 at the \ ictoria Club, but a point more was obtainable at the Church of England Club." Then the Democratic Club, as we know, divides its time about equally be tween socialistic legislation and tights to a finish. Will cither or both of these be in cluded in the functions of the youngest horny Will the sporting columns again bci glorified by the announcement that "The competition for the trophy given by Canon ! Potter for the heavy-weight championship | of the Church of England Club was brought! to a conclusion last night, when the Rev. Ernest Hughes and the Itev. Carey Word met in an eighCround go—one to win. The former being better served by bis condi tion, and using a long lelt with effect, got heavily on to the St. Columb's masher in the seventh round, and won a really good bout." "To-night tbe annual billiard tournament will be continued, the first game, Rev. W. Fellows, owes 30, v. Ilev. Canon llandfield, receives 50." I have heard, too, that in clubs situated some where along the length of Collins-street a little game of cards is popular. Once more 1 glance in imagination at the sporting puiiers, and see amongst the answers to correspondents tbe intimation:—'"F.F.M. (Church of England Club).—B wins. The Queen is the better card." Such are a few of the possibilities that follow naturally upon the official statement by the Dean of Melbourne. There ore many sentimental Tommies in the world who don't find Thrums all that > their imagination had painted it Archie left Scotland quite young, and when he took hia wife home with him this year he talked all the voyage about the beauties of bis native Glen cairn. "Ye'tl see real moun tains there, Annie—peaks towering higher than the Buffalo, and red with the heather from crest to base; ah! it's a glorious place, one o1 the prettiest in Scotland." But when they reached Glcacairn the whole place seemed to hare shrunk in the winter rains. The mountains were merely hills, with a few blaek-faeed sheep scrambling for a mouthful. The heather—well, ft had apparently shifted to more congenial solitudes further north, and the plain, un compromising Scotch thistle grew in its stead. Archie was too disgusted to excuses, and his wife said, "Well, Awhiq, if this is the prettiest place in Scotland, lef us just go Up to London sights." It's not e^ery woman who htB th a to break up a church aeryice, but (mSB tress Malone did fa a Jew weobT^B Merinoton. The^m^}^ stone at the dip,apd fiwe^ly W lying about, so that when Tonm.*?® three-year-old, found it he congrayS himself on having discovered eouetSB suck. Tommy was,aa.^usy ,wjih hiTu.® stone as a cyclist witli a quid of clie^jB gum. It web on Sunday morniiw !!SB the doctor usually held a Church of laud service, and he was just in the J?« of his sermon when Mrs. Malone du3 in, and, taking. him impulsively SB arm,,said, "Come along quick, docJzB boy's poisoned." The preacher didn't'^B wait for an amen, but dashed off J^B the paddock, followed by the flwter ")*■ of the congregation. The hoy was avd| and, would you believe it, not one J»B in the congregation ehoBe to regwdj(*B Malone as a Papal emissary anxioi^B throw back the reformation by interrupt®* a Church of England service. Poor »J#B tons of Merinoton—they would have fan* quite other conclusions in Sydney. B A bishop was due in one of the AustnliwB capitals, and, as I don't mention his yB there can be no objections to slating hql he was received. At a public meeting fl adherents of the clfiirch three deWJl were chosen to welcome him, and, as aoggl times happens in such cases, two of M delegates were representative men, vh^ culture, ability, and reputation in ^ life admirably fitted them for the position, while the third was nobody in particokr and peculiarly unfitted for such a pod However, someone had the audacity to nominate him—no one cared to publicly pose him, and-he was duly chosen. Tfe three had to leave by train for a neighbor ing capital to meet the prelate, and oijth d j of departure A and B noticed *id delight that the undesiml C was not« the platform, and as the bell rang A aid with delight, "He's missed it, old man, h't not going. I'm more pleased than if pi gave me £50. By Jovel but we're well oat of an awkward fix." The train was achaty moving, when the door was opened kr riedly and C, in battered raiment and cup ing an obsolete carpet-bag, was hurled h on top of the test of the embassy. Mot men would have Bhown their disappoint racnt. Not so A, who is a statesman tai a candidate for the Federal Convention & grasped C heartily by both hands and aid, "Brand me, hold fellow, I was just wony ing about having to go without yon."' "Full of years and honour,'' so aid tk local paper within the last ten daw, tin a leading townsman died. Yet in days the deceased was not greatly honom^ though he figured much in tiic converettia of the men who knew him, and did art seek his society. Just towards the hi end of the digging days two men strati rich patch just ontside Malmskury. Iafs on the two paused through Woodcnd all the Black Forest, and only one canted on the Gisborae side The one who an out gare up mining about that lin^nl shunned miners' society. He found his «ij to the Upper Murray, and two years after wards started with a mate to take t ml of bullocks to Melbourne. The mate, hither to a reliable man, simply deserted en rode, and was never heard of again. The nits of the man who lately died "full of yon and honour " had a way of disappear^ suddenly and secretly—just as Mr. ButWi mates did. In this case it could not hin been murder, for we know that aecordig to the old saying, "Murder will out," nl so strong are some folk in that convidia that should some people I know chawed see a certain death notice in the newipips they will still wonder whether the deceased was a singularly lucky man, or one r maliimed. WOOMERA. * 