A Wonderful Woman ; OR, THE DANGERF1ELD MYSTERY/ By MES MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of « Wed, Yet N» Wife," "Norine," "Baronet's Bride," Eto. CHAPTER XXIII.— (Continued.) "A victim? Well, no, I think not. I am trying to recollect where I have seen Miss Herncastle before." "What !" cried Lady Dangerfield ; "you, too? Oh, this as too much. First T xTtrvl Pnvslanri than fffr PaIov Do r» CfAr- field, now Captain O'Donnell, all are transfixed at sight of my governess, and insist that, dead or alive, they have met her before. Now, where was it you knew her, Captain O'Donnell? Surely not in Algiers?" "lSTot in Algiers, certainly. Where I have.seen her before I cannot tell; seen her I have, that is positive. My mem ory for facts and faces may be trusted. .And hers is not a face to be seen and forgotten, yet just now I cannot pl-acc It." "Our waltz, I believe, Lady Cecil," exclaimed a gentleman coming up and salaaming before her. It was Squire Talbot, of Morecanibe, j and Lady Cecil, with a few last smiling | words over her while shoulder to the j chasseur, took his proffered arm and moved away. . "How strange," she was thinking, "that Captain O'Donnell should have known her, too! Really, Miss Herncastle is a most mysterious personage. Why is it, I .wonder, that she attracts and fascinates n\e so? It isn't that I like her — I don't; I doubt, I distrust her. Yet I like to look ait her, to hear her talk, to wonder about her. How rapt Sir Arthur looks! I never succeeded in en chaining him like that. Four hours ago he was on the brink of asking me to be his wife — now he looks as though there were not another woman in the scheme of the universe than Helen Herncastle. Am I jealous, I wonder ? Do I really want to marry him, after all? Am I the coquette they call me?" She smiled bitterly as she looked to wards them. Squire Talbot caught that look and followed it. "Eh! Quite a flirtation going on there, certainly." He was rather obiuse, the squire. "Didn't think Sir Arthur was much of a lady's man, but gad! to-night he seems Oh, good heaven!" He stopped short— he stared aghast. Miss Herncastle -had lifted her stately head from a book of engravings and turned her face full towards them, and for the first time Squire Talbot saw her. Lady Cecil looked at him, and laughed outright. Amazement, consternation, horror, were actually pictured upon his face. "What! another! Upon my word, the plot thickens rapidly. You, too, have known Miss Herncastle, then, in some other and better world? Is she destined to strike every gentleman she meets In this sensational manner?" "Miss — what did you call lier, Lady Cecil? Good Heaven! I never saw such a resemblance. Upon my sacred honor, Lady Cecil, I thought it was a ghost!" "Of course— that's the formula — they all say that. Whose ghost do you take her for-, Mr Talbot?" "Katharine Dangerfield, of course — poor Kathie. It is — heavens! — it is as like her as " The squire pulled out hlis cambric and wiped his flushed and excited face. "I give you my word, I never saw such a resemblance. Except that this lady has darker hair, and— yes — yes, I think — and is taller and more womanly — she is " Again the squire paused, his consternation only permit ting disconnected sentences. " I never Eaw anything like it — never, I give you my honor! What does Sir Peter say? He must have noticed it, and, gad ! it can't be pleasant for him." "Sir Peter has been in a collapsed and horrified state ever since she entered Scarswood. Oh, yes, he sees it — not a doubt of that. Miss Herncastle is like one of Wilkie Collins' novels — the interest intensifies steadily to the end — the 'Man in the Iron Mask' was plain reading compared to her. Really, if she keeps frightening people in this way, I greatly fear Lady Dangerfield must send her away. A living ghost can't be a pleasant instructress of youth." "She does not seem to frighten Sir Arthur Tregenna, at least," said Squire Talbot, beginning to recover from his sudden shock. "And so she is only the governess. I never saw such a resem blance — never in all my life. What would Edith say, I wonder, if she could see it?" "Edith?" " My sister, you know— used to be Katherlne Dangerfield's bosom friend and confidant — married now, you know — De Vere of the — th, and gone to the South of France for her health. Never saw such a striking resemblance in all my life." And then they whirled away in their waltz. How strange— how strange 1 Lady Cecil kept thinking. Perhaps That was why her eyes rarely wandered from these two at the table. No one interrupted them. It was a most pro nounced flirtation. Even Captain O'Donnell declined the request of his hostess said the earl that he should go up and speak to lils friend. It was Miss Herncastle herself who broke up the tete-a-tete. Sir Arthur had become so interested, so absorbed in his companion, and the pictures, as to quite forget the flight of time. Then, from an inner room, Cecil saw the tall chasseur makes his way through the crowd and approach. She could even hear his deep, mellow lone -. " Tregenna, my dear fellow, how are you?" Then, with a look of surprise and de light animating his grave face, she saw the Cornish baronet clasp the hand of the Irish soldier of fortune. Captain O'Donnell on the morrow again came over front Castleford in the grey of the summer evening. Sir Arthur Tregenna had sought out the chasseur at a fishing stream, and the twain re turned together, to dinner. "You find us alone yet, Captain O'Donnell," said Lady Dangerfield. "Cecil has taken to literature, as you see, and is company for no one. I never read, Captain O'Donnell; books are all alike — hopelessly stupid nowadays. What is that you have there, Queenie?" Lady Cecil looked up. " 'Ballads of Ireland..' I came upon it by chance in the library half an hour ago. I am reading Davis' Fontenoy.' Captain O'Donnell, did any of your an cestors fight at the battle of Fontenoy?" "So the legends of the house say, at least. And it is believed that it was a Redmond O'Donnell who fought and fell on the fatal field of Fontenoy." Lady Dangerfield looked interested. "A Redmond O'Donnell? Really 1 Read it, Queenie, will you?" She glanced suddenly at the gover ness. "Miss Herncastle," she said, "you will read it to Lady Dangerfield, will you not? Somehow I think, you can road aloud." "I can try," Miss Herncastle an swered. She advanced, took the book, and stood up before her auditors. The last light of the setting sun shoneull upon her . tall, statuesque figure, her pale, changeless face, locked ever In the pas sionless calm of marble. She began. Yes, Miss Herncastle could read aloud — Lady Cecil (had been right What a wondrously musical voice it was— so deep, so calm, so sweet! She made a very striking picture, standing there, the sunlight gliding her face and her dead- black hair. So thought Lady Cecil Clive, so thought Sir Arthur Tregenna and Cap tain O'Donnell. Both gentlemen, as if by some simultaneous impulse listened intently. Sweet, clear, thrilling as a. bugle-blast rang out the stirring words. A light leaped into the reader's eyes, a glow came over her pale face; every heart there stirred under the ring of her tone, her look, her gesture as she ceased. "By Jupiter!" Redmond O'Donnell ex claimed, under his breath, "that woman is a marvel." Lady Cecil stretched out her hand for the hoolt, a look of surprised admiration in her eyes. "Miss Herncastle," she said, "you read that splendidly. The poet should have heard you. I knew you could read, but not like that. You are a born ac tress." The eyes, of Redmond O'Donnell were fixed on Miss Herncastle with such a look of utter wonder— of sheer amaze ment and of recognition — that the baro net stared at him in turn. Standing there it had flashed upon him like an in spiration where he had seen Miss Hern castle before. He started like a man from a trance at the sound of the baro net's surprised voice. "How thunderstruck you look, O'Don nell," he said, with a touch of impa tience in his tone; "did you never before hear a lady read?" The half-irritated words fully aroused him. Redmond O'Donnell turned away from the governess with a slight laugh. "Rarely like that, mon ami. And I have just solved a riddle that has puzz led me since last night. I think I have had the pleasure of both seeing and hearing Lady Dangerfield's very re markable governess before to-day." ' It wanted just a quarter to twelve when Redmond O'Donnell left Sears- wood Park, and took his way on foot to the town. He had been offered a horse, he had been offered a bed, and had de clined both. To walk on such a night was a luxury. He lit a manllla, and went over the road with his long caval ryman's stride. It was a perfect night, the sky Seep blue, the stars golden and glorious, the moon sailing up serene In their shiny midst. Long shadows of tall trees lay black across the road; the hedge-rows made the night air odorous, and, far or pear, no living thing was to be seen. Far or near! Redmond O'Donnell pulled up suddenly in his swinging pace, and looked away afield. His sight was of eagle keenness. What dark moving figure was that' yonder, crossing a stile, and vanishing amid the tali gorse? It was a woman — more, it was familiar even at that distance. In a moment his resolution "was taken. What woman was this out for a mid night ramble ? She must have come straight from Scarswood— there was no other' habitation near. Captain O'Don nell set his lip's, flung away his cigar among the fern and grasses, vaulted like a boy over the hedge, and in a mo ment was in full pursuit. The figure that had vanished in the shadows of the waving gorse re-appear ed in the broad moonlit field. A woman — no doubt about that now — a tall wo man, walking swiftly, lightly, grace fully, as only young women ever walk. That stately stature, that pose of the bead and shoulders, surely all were fa miliar — and a quarter-past twelve, alone and in baste! What mystery was here? "Some instinct told me, six hours ago, when I recognised her first, that some thing was wrong — I am convinced of it now. Something is wrong. What brings lier here — of all people in the world, and in the character of a nursery governess? And where is she going at this unearthly hour of night?" Still she went on— still the unseen pur suer followed on her track. She never looked back; straight, swift, as one who has some fixed end in view, she went on, and still, steady and relent less, determined and stern, Redmond O'Donnell followed. Her destination was Bracken Hollow. It came upon him, seen for the first time, black and grim, buried among its gloomy trees, lonely and deserted. No lights gleamed anywhere about It; Its shutters were closed — unutterably eerie and desolate in the white shimmer of the moon. But the nocturnal visitor opened the grim wooden gate with a key she carried, relockod it, and for the first time paused to look back. She saw no one — the trees, and the shades, and the distance hid the pur suer; only the silver sheen of the stars and moon, the boundless blue sky, the spreading green of earth, and the soft night wind whispering over all. She turned from the gate, hurried up the grass-grown path, and vanished in the inky gloom of the porch. Redmond O'Donnell emerged from the shadow of the trees, and approached the gruesome dwelling. He paused at the wooden gate, which barred his fur ther advance, and gazed up the black, forbidding front. In his rambles over the neighborhood he had never come upon this out-of-the- way place; it lay in a spot so remote, so unfrequented, that few ever did come upon it by chance, and those who knew it gave it a wide berth, for it bore the ghostly reputation of a haunted house. He stood, his folded arms resting upon the gate, tall sycamores and firs burying him in their deepest gloom, and watched and waited for— he hardy knew what. What ought he to do? While he still stood there irresolute, lost in. wonder and a sort of awe, the porch- door opened and the mysterious lady he had followed appeared. A second figure — the bent form of a very old woman — came after. The first was speaking. "No, no, Hannah, you shall not come. Afraid! What nonsense! The time fo> me to fear anything earthly is past ! Nothing, living or dead, will harm me ! I will reach Scarswood in less than three-quarters of an hour, get in as I got out, in spite of all Sir Peter's chains and , locks, and to-morrow be once more my lady's staid preceptress of youth. Han nah, Hannah, what a life it is! Go back; try to keep everything quiet. How for. tunate Bracken Hollow is thought to be haunted, and no one ever comes here by night or day. Nothing goes on for ever — I don't want it to go on for ever. My time is drawing near; little by little the light is breaking, and my day is coming. I will return as speedily as possible. Now, good night!" 'She ran down the steps, walked with her firm, resolute, fearless tread down the path, and, as before, lingered a second or two at the gate. The old woman had gone back to the house, and the tall, dark figure under the firs she did not see. She drew out her watch, and looked at it by the light of the moon. "Half-past one!" she murmured. "I had not thought it so late. It will be a quarter past two, then, before I reach Scarswood <" "And a very late hour for Miss Hern castle to be out alone!" Obeying an impulse he could not resist, the chasseur, emerged from the tree shadows, and stood before her. "With her permission, I will see her Safely back." And then, with the bright light. of the moon upon his face, Redmond O'Don nell removed his hat and bowed to Miss Herncastle. She did not scream, she did not even start. There must have been brave blood in the governess' veins. She stood there quite still, and faced him; but in the moonlight that grey pallor came over the resolu'te face, and the great grey eyes dilated witih something of the look of a bunted stag. "Captain Redmond O'Donnell," she said, slowly, "it is you! I breathe again— for one moment I absolutely took you for a ghost'. My nerves are good, but you gave them a shock." "Yes," Captain O'Donnell drily an swered, "I think your nerves are good, Miss Herncastle. There are not many- young ladies— not many strong-minded governesses even — who would fancy the long, lonely walk between Scarsrwood and this place between thp ghostly hours of twelve and two." "No doubt," she said, with, a smile, "you considered it your duty to follow me here to-night — to dog my steps, like the hireling assassin of an Italian no vel—to (it is not a pleasant word the word I want) play the spy?" He was walking by her side. He was lowering the pasture bars of a field as she spoke, to let her pass through. "Spy?" he Bald. "Weill, yes; I con fess it looks like It. Still, In justice to myself and my. motives," let me say something more than simple curiosity has been at work to-night;'" "And yet, I suppose, the impulse of a gentleman would be to turn back at once, and think no more aboubit. Thai was, I know, the first thought of Cap tain O'Donnell, the bravest chasseur In all -the ariny of Africa. May I ask why he did not act upon it?" "Simply for this reason— that Captain O'Donnell recognised Miss Herncastle at six o'clock last evening as she stood reading 'Fontenoy.' " "Indeed!" Miss Herncastle responded, with supreme indifference. "Recognis ed me, did you? I am rather surprised at that. You encountered me in the streets of London probably before 1 came here?" "No, madam; I encountered you in e very different city. I have an excellent memory for faces, and though I may bi puzzled to place them for. a while, 3 generally come out right in the end." . "You knew me?" Miss Herncastle re peated, but her eyes were, igleamina strangely now. "Well, sir, you know nothing to my discredit, I hope?" "Nothing to your discredit, if you :hav« told Lady- Dangerfield the truth, but baronets' wives rarely look 'tot their children's instructresses in Hie person of — a New York actress."- "Captain O'Donnell!" "Miss- Herncastle!" And then there was a pause, and for an instant how horribly thick and fast Miss Herncastle'? hear.l beat only Miss Herncastle ever knew. "The play was 'Hamlet,' pursued the pitiless voice of -the chasseur, "and the great transatlantic actor, Edwin Booth, played the doleful -Prince of Denmark. The Ophelia of the play was a tall, black-browed, majestic woman, who acted superbly. Miss Herncastle, I don't remember the name of that actress on the Dills, but I certainly have the honor of walking by her side to-night." She turned to him with a swift, im passioned gesture of both hands— the atrical perhaps, but real. "Why should I lie to you? You are a man. You will not betray me. I wiil tell the truth. . I am the New York actress. I am the Ophelia you beheld six months ago." "I knew it," he answered, with com posure. "I saw you many niglils in succession. Now, when I recognised you, I said to myself : "This .actress, whom. a crowded house applauded to the very echo, night after night, has some motive— a sinister one, in all likelihood —in quilting her profession and coming to this house in the role of governess. For, of course, Lady Dangerflejd is in utter ignorance of her antecedents — be lieves whatever story Miss .Herneastla ohooses to tell her." "You state your case with 'all 'the piti less grimness of the stern old judge oh the bench," said Miss Herncastle, bitter ly. "But what business is R of yours! Are you my lady's keeper? Has your own fate been orderd so smoothly that you should hunt doWn. to ruin a poor wretch with whom life has gone hard?" Something in her tone moved him— something in that passionate, savage; hunted look of her eyes touched him, ha hardly knew why. - "No, Heaven knows," he said, sadly, "my own life has been no pathway of roses. I am the las't man on earth to set up In judgment upon my struggling fellow mortal, and accuse him. I have no wish to hunt you down, as you call it. This night's work, this night's discov ery, and your avowal shall be as though they had never been.. Whether I do right or wrong in concealing the truth is much too subtle ja question for me— I only know I will conceal it." She held out .her hand suddenly with' a second swift impulse. , "For that much at least. I thanik you. "Why I have left the stage, ..why I h'ave come here, you may one day know. And now shall we say good night?" "How will you get in?" he asked. "The doors and windows seem bolted for the night." "Doubly bolted, and doubly- barred,"- Miss Herncastle replied, with a - con temptuous laugh, "to keep out burglars and ghosts — the two bugbears of St, Peter's life. Nevertheless, I will get in. Good night, Captain O'Donnell." He lifted his hat and turned at once. Miss Herncastle stood where he had left her, following -the tall, gallant figure that crossed the moonlit field so swiftly, with a strange expression in her eye# _ and >n her lips. CHAPTER XXIV— "AS IN A GLASS, DARKLY." On the night following Miss Hern Cas tle's adventure Sir Peter rode home wards from Castleford, Where he had been visiting, close upon midnight. He was in high good spirits— for him. The night was lovely; bright as day, and twice as beautiful. In his elation just then all his constitutional dread of ghosts, of "black' spirits and white, blua spirits and grey," vanished, and he was actually trying to whistle a shrill little tune as he scampered along. The clocks of Castleford, plainly heard in the stillness, were striking twelve a 4 the baronet entered his' own domain and rode up the avenue. What was that? His horse had shied so suddenly as nearly to throw him oft They were near a huge .oak, called the King's Oak, from the legend, that, thf Toung Pretender bad once taken re fuse there from hie pursuers. Its great branches cast shadows for yards airound and slowly out of those gloomy Shadows —oh, HeavenS— a figure came— a white figure, wfth Streaming hair, and face upturned to the starry sky. All in jWhlte— true ghostly garments— noiseless, slow, it glided out, and stood full In bis pathway. The bright, «rtd light of the moon shone full upon it, and he saw — -the dead face of Katherine Danger- field! Katherine Dangerfield! Not a doubt of it. Who should know that face bet ter than he, as he used to see her long ago In her white dress and flowing hair? Katherlne Dangerfield, with a face of stone upturned to the midnight sky. He sat frozen for a moment— frozen with a horror too intense for words or cry- Then the startled home shied again, and a shriek rang out in the midnight still ness that those who heard might never forget. Then the horse plunged madly forward, and there was the sound of a heavy fall. The groom, half asleep at his port, rudhed out — iwo or three dogs barked loudly in their kennels — the groom rushed forward and seized the horse, Quivering with affright. He was rider less! At a little distance lay Sir Peter, face downwards, on the dewy grass, like a dead man. And nothing else, earthly or unearthly, was anywhere to be seen. The groom echoed his master's cry as he stooped and lifted him up. He was senseless — he had struck his forehead on a stone, and was bleeding freely. It Was an awfully ghastly face upon which the moon shone. The double alarm had been heard. In five minutes another of the grooms, sleeping over the stable, came running to the spot. They bore the stark and bleeding form between them, found bis night-key in his pocket, opened the door, and carried him up to his own room. Sir Peter, however, long before a sur geon arrived, had come to himself again. The doctor dressed the wound on hia forehead, which was trifling, prepared a sedative, and administered it. The news spread, as such news, is pretty sure to do. By noon t hat day all 'Caatleford knew that Sir Peter, riding home at midnight had beheld Katherine 'Danger field's ghost under the trees of Scarswood— had fallen from his horse in "a fit— had struck Ms temple on a stone. The news spread — it was. the talk of the town — and among' others came to the ears of Captain O'Donnell. : He walked over. It was past three when be reached Scarswood. On ex pressing his desire to see Sir Peter, he Was shown up to the baronet's room. 1 trust I am noit an Intruder, Sir Peter," the young Irishman said, com ing forward; "but hearing of your ac cident " "Come In, O'Donnell— come fa!" the fflrnrp, querulous voice of the Invalid said. "I wanted to eee you." The chasseur came forward, and saluted Miss Herncastle, who for the time being was installed as nurse. ."And with your permission. Sir Peter, now that Captain O'Donnell has come, I win leave you for a while," said the governess. "I have not been out to-day, and my head aches. I will administer your medicine, though, before I go." He took it submissively from her hand. Captain O'Donnell watched every move ment, and followed the stately figure out of the room. She closed the door after her, and they were quite alone. "This is a very strange, a very remark able occurrence. Sir Peter," he began. "The talk is that you saw a ghost. A jghost! Now, I thought ghosts were ex ploded Ideas? Will you pardon me if X think so still ?" ! "I wish to Heaven I could!" Sir Peter groaned. "Unfortunately for me, it ad mits of no doubt. As plainly as I see you sitting here beside me, I saw Kathe rine Dangerfield last night." "Sir Peter, I have a great curiosity concerning this Katherine Dangerfield. Have you any pioture of her? I would give a good deal to see one." "Tea, I have," the sick man said. "Do you see that escritoire over there? Open that— the key is in it Open the third drawer to the left and you will find a phlotograph of Katherine Dangerfield, taken a month before she died." Redmond O'Donnell obeyed. He un locked the escritoire, opened the drawer, pud produced a picture wrapped In silver proper. It was a photograph, soft and Blear as an engraving, and beautifully tinted. The chasseur took it to the win dow, and gazed upon It long and earn estly. Then he returned to. hie place by the hedBldc, picture In hand. "Sir Peter, there can he no doubt— it Is absurd of me to suppose such a thing — tbere can be no doubt. Katherine Dan gerfield did die?" "No doubt?" cried Sir Peter, shocked beyond all exppression. "Of course, there ooas no doubt. Good heavens above, P'Donnell! I— never heard of such a fhlng!" O'Donnell salt silent, watching him — plfty, contempt, disgust all in his grave, Client face. "I won't stay to dine to-day, I think," (the chasseur presently remarked, rising. _ "Sir Peter, with your permission, I will Keep this picture for the present I don't pee my way very clearly through this maze:" He rang. The housekeeper and one of the maids came, and the chasseur look bis departure. The family were in their rooms dressing. He made his way out XT o be continued.! 