. MISCELLANEOUS, .EUGENE FIELD' INTE"RVIEWED., That Is, He Fired Talk For Nine Minutel at p Reporter. Eugene Field, the humorous poet, fa mons for his beautiful children's verse, I was told, had just come in from Chi cago and would be at theAuthors' club that night. I reached the Authors' club shbout 10 o'clock and learned that Field had gone. "Where?" "To Washington." "What train?" "Eleven o'clock." I was in Jersey City and in that train at 10:50. "Whip out your notebook and write for all you're worth," said Mr. Field, throwing himself and his bag in the seat. "You've only.ninominutes. Time enough, though, for two uneventful bi ographies like mine." "Never mind that. You ra fona of the quaint and curious, Mr. Field. What'r' your fads, pets and so on?" "Well, listen for your life now. I'm fond of dogs, birds and all small pets My favorite flower is the carnation. My favorites in fiction are Hawthorne's 'Scarlet Letter,' 'Don Quixote' and 'Pil grim's Progress' I believe in ghosts, in witches and in fairies I should like to own a big astronomical telescope and a 24 tune music box. I adore dolls. I dislike 'politics,' so called. I should like to have the privilege of voting ex tended to women. I am unalterably op posedto capital punishment. I favor a system of pensions for noble services in literature, art, science, etc. I approve of compulsory education. I believe in churches and schools. I hate wars, ar mies, soldiers, guns and fireworks. I do not care particularly for sculpture or for painting. I try not to become inter ested in them, for the reason that if I were to cultivate a taste for them I should presently become hopelessly bankrupt. I dislike all exercises, and I play games very indifferently. I love to read in bed. I ani extravagantly fond of perfumes. My favorite color is red. I am a poor diner, and I drink no wines or spirits of any kind, nor do I smoke tobacco. I dislike crowds, and I abom inate functions. I am 6 feet in height and have shocking taste in dress, but I like to have well dressed people about me. I do not love all children. I have tried to analyze my feelings toward children, and I think I discover that I love them in so far as I can make pets of them. I believe that, if I live, I shall do my best literary work when I am a grandfather." "And how did you become a humor-. ist, Mr. Field?" I asked, while the peor ter besought me with tears in his eyes to leave the train before it started. "Oh, they're not made. They'roe born." "All aboardl" And Eugene Field was gone.l-Demorest's Magazine. 