Sir Hugo's Prayer. By G. B. Btjbgin. [A.11 Rights Keserved.] I. ' There's no real pleasure in being a ghost nowadays, or nights either,' grumbled the shadowj' presentment of Sir Hugo Follett, as he clanked along the battlements of Dulverton Castle, his imperceptible sword slanting ruthlessly through Lady Follett's invisible legs. Lady lollett apparently resented being ampu tated at her visionary knees in this unceremonious way. ' Fie, Sir Hugo,' she said testily, 'Marry, come up. Wilt thou remember that, although only a ghost, I can still feel ? ' Sir Hugo halted on the battlements with a shiver ; f _»r the night was cold and he lacked flesh wherewith to clothe his bones. ' The truth is, my dear,' he said irresolutely, ' it is no use talking iu this stilted and archaic fashion any louger. We ruiifct adapt ourselves to the times, and model our language accordingly. Although we have been the terror of this piace for centuries, no one cares a button for us now. Only one con solation is that we ate mentioned with pride in the advertisement when Follett wauls to let the place for the M-asou. I flatter myself, however, that we have a ways performed our purgatorial duties with puuctuality and de.-patch.' '* Quite so. Quite so.' ' Well, what happeus ? ' ' Ah h, nothing happens,' sighed Ladv Fol lett. ' In fact, Hugo, we are becoming exceed ingly dull ; there's nodoubt whatever about that.' ' And the latest outrage — what d'you think'n the latest outrage we have to pm up with ? ' bitterly demanded Sir Hugo. '?There are so many,' deplored his shadowy Bpouse, laying a ghostly mitten upon his phautom arm. ' Well the one consolation we Lad in our mid night promenade was that we could warm our selves at the beacon ciesset on the battlements here. Now, that economical. old lmukis, Follett, has cut off the beacon coala and substituted some thing which he calls electric light. It doet-if t give any warrath at all, and one needs warmth after dozing al day in the family vault. Shame ful lack of consideration for us, I call it. I've a g-ood mind to lub you all over with corpse-lights and plant you at the top of Follett's htaircatse, with blue nuakes waggling about in your eye sockets. That would give him a paralytic seizure if anything- could.' Lady Follett, who had beeu the handsomest woman of her day, bitterly resented Sir Hug-o's pi opused additions to her toilette. ' You never think of appearances,' she said crossly. ' The indelicacy of facing people in. one's bones doesn't seem to have occurred to you. Besides, one would look bo meagre.' ' There would be quite enough of \ou to give him a scare,' chuckled Sir Hugo. ' It's about tiine you got over the fad of appearing in family costume only. When I look at Follett's guests, you seem quite out of fashion.' ' At least I hide my bones ; most of his guests don't,' tartly retorted the lady. ' They all wear as little as possible.' ' It's their love of naked truth,'1 airily sug gested Sir Hugo. 'Naked fiddlesticks!' Lady Follett's mood suddenly changed ; f-he began to weep. ' And yet they are alive ! Oh, to be alive again, to feel the warmth of the dear sun, to rite at cock- crow instead of goiug lo bed at it in a badly ventilated vault. Oh, foi- the touuh of a warm living hand, to feel baby lips upon my own, to live again upon the sweet earth.' Aud ghostly tears fell from her sightless eyes. ' I — I— wouldn't if I were you,' gruffly sug gested Sir Hugo. *' We had a good time of it when we were aLve, and ruffled it with the bebt. Some day we'll get out of this purgatorial stage and give old Follett a turn, the unconscionable dog. It's ridiculous your wautiug to be alive again. Yju'd Lave to go to school and learn to read and write.' ' 1 don't think I should mind that much. If it uame to sampler work I flat ? ' Sir Hugo laid a phantom hand upon a phantom arm. ' My dear; from what I gather when the young people come up here to flirf. o' nightH, your sampler making would be as much out of date as my chain armour. One would be consigned to the lumber room, the other sold for tcrap iron ; aud yet, with a little polishing, we should still be a fairly presentable couple.' He ruffled along with a gallant air in tbe moonlight. ' Gad, but I'd pledge you in a bumper of sack had I the where withal to hold it,' he said mournfully. 'Why bo important a thing- as. a s loin a oh should be left out of a ghost's anatomy I know not. Hush, here's someone coming.' Lady Follett adjusted her imaginary headgear. ' It is the damsel they call Clare,' she said, in a frigid whisper. ' The minx has come up here to flirt.' Sir Hugo wan interested. ' She'B devilish prec ? ' ?' Hugo ! ' ' I beg your pardon.' ' Oh, it's nothing.' But Lady Follett's icy tone sent a shiver down Sir Hugo's fpinal cord. '? I didn't fay anything. My teeth merely chat teted.' 'Even a ghost has feelings,' acidly declared Lady Follett. ' To hear you admire mere flesh and blood, like that red and white forwaid chit of a child, is more than I can endure.' ' A mistake, I assure you. Take my arm. We will continue our promenade.' They strolled leisurely along the broad level walk, Sir Hugo endeavouring to restrain his curiosity as to what Clare Follett was doing- up there iu the moonlight. ' Let us get up behini thin chimney-stack and see what's going on,' he suggested. ' She appears to be dragging a kind of double wheel with her.' ' She also appears to be dragging a young man after the wheel,' suggested Lady Follett, cautiously peeping from behind the sheltering chimney-stack, and quite forgetting that she was invisible until the midnight hour chimed from the castle tower. ' There's another man with more wheels,' said Sir Hugo. ' They surely can't be going to start a carriage factory up here ! ' ' The things are called bicycles,' said Lady Follett. ?' What's a bicycle ? ' inquired Sir Hugo, re senting his wife's superior knowledge. ' Sh-sh ! Here theycoiue.' II. Clare Follett was very pretty indeed ; but what was she doing at the top of Dulverton Castle half an hour before midnight on Christmas Eve, accompanied by two young men whose illcon cealed hatred of each other appeared to afford her a good deal of amusement. Tha-; this amusement was not wholly untiuctured by anxiety was evi dent to Sir Hugo ; for that ancient warrior, keenly vert-ed in all matters pertaining to the sex, uoiiced that a tear glistened on her long lashes. At first, it seemed to him that this might be the result of the cold air ; but when he saw Clare Follett furtively wipe away a tear from her other eye, and look appealingly round, his hand flew lo his sword. He regretted bitterly that Lady Follett was tliere to check his chivalrous impulses, and that he could only look on. inertly at this strange spectacle. Miss Follett wore a very short cloth ekirt and dainty little cap, whilst the young men were clad in knickerbockers. The lights of their bicycles twinkled like glow-worms and their eyes glared malevolently at one another. As far as Sir Hugo could judge, the dark fellow looked like a hero ; the fair man had a shifty expression, with cold thin lips. His legs were enormous, his body thin and tough as an alligator's. He swung his arms to and fro in a leisurely manner as if utterly uu concerned. The other young man, whose legs were not nearly so big, appeared rather more anxious*. He bit at his long moustache and swore softly under his breath in a way which gladdened the heart of Iliat old reprobate, Sir Hugo. It was a long time since he had heard anyone s wear. ' There's something up, my dear,' Sir Hugo remarked to Lady Follett. ' It looks to me as if these fellows are in love with the girl, and lhat there's going to be a row over it. J mean — ahem — that they will settle their differences with the sword.' ?'Ob, no, they won't,' Lady Follett declared ; ' not they. No one knows how to use a sword nowadays. I rather like that fair young fellow.' ' My dear ! He looks the biggest villain un hung. My sympathies are all with the dark man. He has euoh a frank, honest exprebtsion. In fact, he's rather like what I was at his age.' Lady Follett gave a little groan, which reached the group of bicyclists axd made them stir un easily. She was thinking of the time when young1 men had made their court to her. Of a verity it was dull work being a ghost. Oh, the dear earth and tbe joy of it ! ' Beastly owln about somewhere,' said the fair man. ' Might-eh-get 'em to umpire doncber know, Miss Fcllett, and we'd catch 'em some beastly mice for their Christmas dinner.' The girl looked at him fixedly, and not with favour. ' I was made to consent to such a strange scheme,' she paid hesitatingly. ' What made you propose it, Mr. Fairfax ? ' The fair man grinned in a way which showed his white teeth right up to the gum. ' Well, you see, Miss Follett, Pennell is such a scorcher and he thinks he can do everything, so I lured him on to make the proposal. Now that you've agreed to it, I'll have him on toast.' ' Cannibal ! ' said Sir Hugo. ' In my day we killed a rival ; we didn't eat him on toast.' ' Hush-h ! You misunderstand. Listen.' ' Oh, shut up, Fairfax,' said the dark man, who was kneeling by the side of his bicycle and pumping at the tire. ' You haven't won yet.' ' Not yet,' saidt Fairfax, cheerfully. ' Oh, no, not yet. This little idea occurred to me several days ago, and I've been training hard ever since. I'm fit to run for my life.' ' Shouldn't think it's the first time either,' said the other, wilfully misunderstanding him. ' I'll ask some of the men of your regiment next time I'm in town.' Miss Follett gave an impetuous little stamp of her foot. 'I've a great mind to go downstairs and end this nonsense at once.' ' I don't think I would do it if I were you,' suggested Fairfax, with a nasty sneer. ' People would say you were afraid.' ' Afraid of what ? ' ' Afraid of my winning.' ' You haven't won yet,' Baid Pennell, blowing1 his numbed fingers. ' Now, Miss Follett, here's your bike all ready. You're to have thirty yards 'start round the battlements, and whoever catches you first is to win you for life.' Mi68 Follett looked anxiously at his legs and drew him aside. ' Do you feel up to it ? ' she asked. ' He's evidently been training. You know how late you sat up with papa last night ; that must have told on you.' ' I wanted to win bis heart, although I des paired about yours,' said Pennell hastily. ' Miss Follett— Clare — the brute can't see us — he's meBS ing about with his lamp. Give me one kiss and I'll ride his head off or perish in the attempt.' ' The little dear ! ' said Sir Hugo in rapture. ' She's the love ? ' ' What's that 'i ' acidly demanded Lady Follett. ' My dear, this girl's got your blood in her vfiiuis and I'm da ? 1 mean may I materialise if I don't help her to marry the dark young fellow. You may remember,' said the poor chivalrous old ghost, ? ' I was dark once, my lady ; and you were just like this girl, only lovelier and with a state lier way. Gadzookp, I no more dared to kiss you ? ' ' Don't, don't, Hugo,' wailed the other poor ghost. ' What can we do to help her ? ' III. ' ; Are you ready ? ' asked Fairfax, with his customary sneer. 'It's a mere matter of form, of course, unless Pennell would like to resign tt ? ' ' Shut up,' said Pennell ' Now, Miss Fol lett, let me hold your bike. Be careful of the turn where the wall has crumbled a bit. Good-bye.' ' Let us say ' an revoir.' Can you forgive me for being so utterly foolish ? ' ' Of course I can. If the beast should win, I'll never forget you.' ' Don't let us be all night about a mere trifle of this kind,' said Fairfax, with ironic emphasis. ?' Now by the bones of my pairon, St. Wence laus,' growled Sir Hugo, ' I'll epit that churl through the midriff.' ' It's no good,' said Lady Follett, beginning to weep ghostly tears as big as beans. ' If you do stick your sword in him, it will only come out on the other side.' ' They're off,' said Sii Hugo, gnashing his fleshless gums together. ' That girl will be over the battlements if she isn't careful.'' ' She sits on those little wheels and glides along like a bird,' said Lady Follett. ' Me rhinks a palfrey were more seemly.' ' I'd like to see anyone get a horse up the tur ret stairs,' snorted Sir Hugo. ' Let us go to the gap and see how they're getting on. The girl daren't look round ; she doesn't know which is the nearer. Lady Follett began to breathe hoarsely as the wind rushed through her spectral ribs. ' Don't,' Baid Sir Hugo, somewhat roughly. ' Have you no sense of decorum ? ' ' t— I— ca-can't hel-U-p it,' sobbed Lady Follett. ' That long- legged fair man is creeping in advance of the other. Look at his teeth in the moonlight.' ' I don't want to look at his teeth,' growled Sir Hugo ; 'I want to smash his skull in with a battle-axe.' ' Hugo,' said Lady Follett suddenly, as Miss Follett flew round, Fairfax fifteen yards behind her, ' I can't help it. I can't help it. At the risk of being thought unladylike, I — I am going to interfere.' ' What's the good of interfering ? We can't do anything. That dark fellow's getting pumped. No wonder, if he sat up half last night listening to old Follett's stories. It would put anyone at a disadvantage. It itn't fair, I say. Silly young ass ! He'll lose tbe girl ! Bravo ! Bravo ! He's spurting like one — I mean he's gaining a little.' Lady Follett groaned. ' Oh, no, he's falling behind again. The girl is tired. Hugo, Hugo, at the risk of incurring your displeasure 'I — I'm go ing to interfere.' She waited until Fairfax rushed by, sprang lightly on the step of the bicycle, and began to blow with chilly emphasis right down his spine. A deadly chill shot through Fairfax. He fal tered, then continued to hold the bar of hi6 bi cycle with one hand, and turned up his coat collar. Lady Follett dropped off with a groan. ' I've disgraced myself by catching hold of a strange man;,' she whimpeied. ' And he's going1 faster than ever.' ' Now it's my turn,' growled Sir Hugo. ' Another five seconds and we Khali be too late. Holy St. Wencelaup, I've always behaved myself as a ghost since you sent me to purgatory to ex piate my sins. I know I was a tolerably bad lot when alive ; but I've never done anything since. Think if the draughty, mouldy time V\p. had all these years. Let me materialise just for ten seconds. That's all I ask. Ten tecouds.' Holy St. Wencelaus, the patron saint of all true lovers, was moved to pity by Sir Hugo's prayer. ' So bo it,' a voice said softly, as Pen nell plodded by with aching calveB and a desperate look in his dark eyes. ' So be it ; but it means an extra hundred years of this.' The knight groaned. ' Oh, very well. I'm not going to see her marry that beast,' he 6aid. ' My dear, do you consent ? Another hundred years P Think of the misery of it, the dull, damp, mouldy misery of it. Quick, or I shall be too late. The girl's nearly pumped.' ' I consent,' said Lady Follett. ' Rather than that dear girl should be sacrificed to this Fairfax man I'd — I'd marry him myself.' Sir Hugo pressed her flesbless hand. ' Move on a bit, my dear, and give me room,' he said tenderly. Miss Follett dashed by, with a strained anxious look in her eyes. The victorious -Fairfax was within ten yards of her, Pennell a long- way be hind. Suddenly a giant grisly form, clad in rusty armour and holding a long two- handed sword, stepped from behind the chimney-stack as Miss Follett dashed round, put the two-handed sword between the wheels of Fairfax's bicycle, and heaved it ov«;r the battlements. Then it stepped back, and the victorious Pennell, panting up be hind, laid his hand upon Clare Follett's sLoulder. An oath sounded a few feet below from the gnarled and clustering ivy which spread over the scanty tree tops. Then a head gradually appeared above the battlement, and Fairfax climbed up, grinning with rage. 'You hiied that brute to upset me,' he shouted to Pennell. ' I'll be even with you tome day.' ' What brute ? ' asked Pennell. ' There's no one here.' ' I distinctly saw a tall man in armour come from behind £fcbat chimney-stack and ups-et me with his infernal 6word.' -? They rushed to the chimney-stack, but there was no one there. * Clare gave a little i-briek of delight. ' It must have been dear Sir Hugo's ghost. The battle . ments belong lo him. Dear, dear, Sir Hugo ! ' Sir Hugo offered his arm to Lady Follett and strutted round the battlements ?with a smile upon his grim lire. She taid, ' Dear Sir Hugo.' 'Then it must 'ha v« teen his hag of a wife who blew down my ilcck and paralysed me,' said Fairfax with a scowl. ' If you insult the memory of that lady, I'll throw you right over the battlementp,' said Pen nell hotly. ' So beautiful a woman as she was when alive mutt be exquisite evenasa ghost. Hea ven rest the souls of both of them and give them peace.' ' Hugo ! Hugo ! Where are you ? I — I'm going,' cried Lady Follett. 'lam with you,' said a tender voice in her ear. ' Holy St. Wencelaue has heard our prayer.' About 200 years ago a great battle was fought be tween the English and Dutch fleets. After severe fighting the ships lay close to each other, but unable to btruggle any longer. A Dutchman, anxious to show his skill, went up the mast and stood upon his head on the top. An English sailor, determiued not to be beaten, ran up the mast of his ship ; but in trying to turn on his head he fell. His fall was, however, broken by ropes, so that he reached the deck without injury. He then turned to the Dutch vessel, and shouted to the men who had been watching him, ' There, do that, if you can.' Suddenly a giant grisly form, clad in rusty armour, and holding a long two- handed sword, stepped from behind the chimney -ttack as Miss Fpllett dashed round. -Ch apt ke III. 