LOCAL AND GENERAL. MESSRS. Jones and Inzlis on Monday night last I .ought Mr. J. C. Chopper's lease of the Club Hotel at a pretty high figure. AT tlie Geraldton Police Court yesterday La Zoon, a Chinaman, was charged with assaulting a compatriot, Ah Tan. The case was adjourned till Monday. Joseph Mc- Garrity pleaded guilty to desertion from the barque Jessie Osborne, The prisoner, who recently gave himself ap to the police at Mullewa, was sentenced to 12 weeks im prison ment. As will be s^en from onr issue of to-day two candidates have defioaUly announced ttieir intention to contest the Geraldton electorate at the polling booths. Mr. H, A. Spalding, Mayor, comes forward as a Government supporter; Mr. F. Whitcombe, solicitor, as an Oppositionist. THE: DruiJs held a smoke social at the Clab HoU-1 on Tuesday night. There was a large attivmlance of members and visitors, the billiard room being effectively fitted out for their reception. Bro. A. D. Crane presided, and the programme included songs, toasts and recitations. The toast of Mr. W. H. Jones, the host, was received with special heartiness, in view of the fact that the Club Hotel was being formally taken over on the same occasion by the popular landlord of the Fremasons'. A PETITION, drawing attention to the severity of the sentence passed upon James Tighe for disorderly conduct and asking for some remission of the same was presented to Mr. Maitland Brown. G.R., on Monday night. Over 200 signatures had been attached to the document in a few hours, including that of the Mayor and many of the leading business men. Mr. Brown readily undertook to forwarJ the petition to the authorities at head-quarters. SINCE Monday last a daily train runs from Mullewa to Ned's Well on the Murchison line as follows:—Leave Mullewa 7.10 a.m. aud arrive at Ned's Well at 6.45 p.m. Leaves Ned's Well at 5.45 a.m., arriving at Mullewa at 4 50 p.m. The mail coach to meet the train wiU leave Cue for Ned's Well at 3 p.m. on the preceding evening, arriving some five or six hours later at Neu's Well, where the usual arrangements for the conveyance of passengers have been made On the return journey from Ned's Well to Cue a coach will leave at 6 a.m., or a quarter of an hour after the train is timed to arrive. A daily mail has been promised as soon as the contract cin be arranged. In all probability the railway line will b>' opened ali the way te Cue by April 10. AT Albany on Monday Mr. Louis Egarton Broome, of Yalgo, second son of the late Sir Frederick Napier Broome, was mar- ried to Miss Clara Lake, third daughter of Mr. Henry Lake, of London, and sister to the wife of Mr. Oliver Trinder, of the firm of Trinder, Anderson, and Co. Owing to the recent death of the father of the bridegroom the wedding was a quiet one. IN Charles street. West Perth, on Monday evening, Martin Eedmond was set upon by garroters, and was eased of his watch and chain and money. He was afterwards admitted to the Perth Public Hospital, where it was found that he had sustained a fractured jaw. THE soiree in connection' with the Wesley Church, and given in Wesley Hall on Monday evening, was well attended and a great success. A couple of most enjoyable hours were spent. Daring the evening tea, coffee, fruit and cakes were handed around to those present, and songs and recitations were sung to enliven the proceedings. A feature of the evenins was a Cornish Ghost Story told by the Bev. Dunstan in excellent style. After the soiree, the fruit remaining after the harvest festival was sold. A PETITION from Cue has been addressed to the Minister of Alines, requesting him to reconsider the appointment of Mr. Samuel Mitchell as Acting Warden for the Murchison goldfields. A TEURIFIC dust storm, accompanied by thunder and lightning, passed over Lake Austin at about 8.30 on Saturday evening. The wind, which blew with great violence, caught the front of the post office, lifting the verandah posts over the building tor a distance of 20 yards, and the galvanised iron was scattered in all directions for a distance of 200 yards. The storm also caught Philbin's Hotel in like manner. The old residents of Lake Austin say the like of it has never before been seen at Lake Austin. The galvanised iron has been blown from the front of the roof of the building. IT will be notic*d from the shipping advertisement of the William Howard Smith firm that they are putting on a new chartered steamer in the intercolonial trade. The name of the vessel is the Brand, a modern steamer of 2003 tons, built by the firm of Messrs. R. Duncan and Co., of Glasgow. She is of the epar deck type, and has a set of triple-expansion engines. She is posted to leave Melbourne on the 19th and Adelaide on the 22nd inst. for Geraldton via ports. We are glad to notice that one of the shipping companies have at last deigned to despatch a boat through to Geraldton, as for the pag): two months or more the large steamers have turned round at Fremantle owing to the demand for freights and passages from the E istern colonies to that port only.- This opportunity, however, should be taken advantage of by the Geraldton merchants who will be able tc receive their goods without transhipment and in ten days instead of from three to six weeks. We cm mend the company tor their enterprise and wish them the sueccss they so justly deserve. Their boats have always berthed at our new jetty (when others have declined to do BO) and a saving to consignees of much unnecessary expense has thus been effected. 