FOOTBALL NOTES. (BY SIADOW.) Williamstown had another glorious win last Saturday. The Brunswick were the vanquished team and were sent home to the tune of 9 goals 11 behinds to 2 goals 8 be hinds (65 points to 20). ' Neverthless, the Brickies were not in the least disconcerted by the "licking," for they went home as light-hearted as if they were going to a wedding, making indeed a very jolly and rowdy cargo for the "civil" servants of the Railway Department. The locals had, in deed, one of the softest of soft things on, and showed what they can do when their " tails are not cocked down." The visitors never had a ghost of a show after the con clusion of the first quarter, when they visibly allowed the local boys to romp round them at their own sweet will. 'Town has now conclusively shown that they are the redoubtable leaders of the "forlorn" contingent in the premiership battles. They haven't a hope of overtaking the first three on the list now, but the two clubs behind them can't hold a candle to them. However, I hope yet to see them vanquish Ports, North and 'Scray. We play 'Scray to-day at Footscray. Rumor has it that Walter Warren, will be unable to play, owing to his knee troubling him. I hope Dame Rumor is wrong again -she generally is-and that we will not be deprived from crying out " Bravo. Long 'un," Williamstown cannot spare its cap tain. Another likely absentee is George MlcWilliams. PIrs FOR PLAYEBRS. Sprinthall one of the best on the ground Played a great game. "Dinah" Griffin donned guernsey and knickers once more, andgave a good account of himself, exhibiting at times a great turn of speed. \Warren as agile as of yore. Improves with time like good wine. Jinner Worrall followed brilliantly, like wise Pagan. Yorkie's forward play could not be cavilled at. Always cool-must be fond of cucumbers. Captured the usual couple. Dolly Hall's high marking and general play a bit above his average. Dick Hall played the same sturdy and useful game. Very consistent; never falls. Good old " Ironsides." Jimmy Thompson, was for a wonder off color. Dinny Rielly's cute dodging gained many a point for his side. Mick Roche in goal without reproach. Calm, cool, and there when wanted. Last quarter a! veritable muffin struggle. All hands on the ball, the game resolving itself into a scramble round the Brunswick goal and a succession of pot shots for goal. Stick to your places boys. Guthrie and Kennison kept up their reputation as fast men. Likewise McKinley, whose dashes were very brilliant at times. Kenny a trifle slow. Two goals to his credit, though. Rufus Scott, as usual, made a number of visits skyward in search of marks. Got some beauties, too. Williamstown v. Footseray, at Footscray, to-day. Team.-Barnes, Dyson, Fagan, Guthrie, Hall (2) Kennison, Kenny, Mc. Kinley, McWilliams, Roche Rielly Scott, Sprintall, Warren, Worrall, Smith, Goble, Gordon, Griffin, Foster, Players are notified that the cabs con veying the team to Footscray will start from the Fountain, Nelson Place, at 2 p.m. sharp, proceeding via Ferguson street, Douglas Parade and Melbourne Road. 