A Wonderful Woman ; OR, THE DANGERF1ELD MYSTERY, By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of " Wed, Yet No Wife," "Norinc," "Baronefcs Bride," Etc. . 4 / " rr. CHAPTER X— (Continued.) " He has given you no earthly reason to say it !" Katberine exclaimed, " and tt is not like you to be unjuaL It is a shame, Papa ! a shame ! You know nothing wrong of 5il;n — nothing. Even the grim, pitiless English law takes the prisoner in the dock to he innocent until he is proven guilty. You speak of him as though lie were- a villain, double-dyed ! I repeat, it is a shame to slander the absent in this way, and a soldier who has fought for his country, as you' "have, ought to be tl.e last to do it. You wrote to New Orleans to find out his character— did the answer testify such dark suspicions as these ? The answer left me as much In the dark as ever. Mr Dantree's character in Now Orleans is simply nil— no one knew anything much either to his credit or discredit. You defend your love staunchly, ICatlierine. I don't think the worse of y6u for it, but it won't do. Even you. my child, eloquent as you are. with all your special pleading, cannot make a hero of Gaston Dantree." " I don't want to make a hero of him ; he suits me well enough as he is. As he is, with all his faults, whatever they may be, I am willing to take him — to hold to him all my life ; and be very sure, whatever that life may prove, no one alive shall ever hear me complain ui mm. " I believe you," her father said, quietly ; " you're not a model young lady by any means, but you deserve a much better husband than Gaston Dan- tree. Child, child'! you are lioplessly Infatuated ; I might as well talk to the trees waving yonder outside the window, as to a romantic girl in love. But think a moment— think how little you Know of this man. Who is to prove he hasn't a wife already out yonder in the Southern States ?" "Papa!" But there was a sharp, sudden pang in lier voice as she uttered the indignant cry. " Maine de Lan- sac !" the name that haunted lier dream that morning, came back. "Ah, Kathie, flying into a passion will not prove his worth. I repeat, we know nothing of him — nothing but what he has chosen to tell or invent. Do you really believe, my poor Donna Quixote, that if some freak of fortune deprived you to-morrow of Searswood and its rent-roll, he would prove faithful to the- love he lias avowed ? Jf you were penniless— as he is — do you believe he Would ever make you his wife ?" She met his sad. gaze full; but she Was white to the lips. "I believe it, papa. I lcnow how I would act by him; poverty — disgrace, even— would only make me cling the more devotedly to him. I would take his part against the world, and why should I think him the less generous ? I'apa, it may be your duty, but you torture me! What is the use of say- lug such things, except to make nie miserable ?" +wUl; Avas no 5ier father's words \- 'nude her miserable — it was the oubt in her own heart, the conviction mat lie spoke the truth. Not all her insane infatuation could convince lier o,la ' s man was either loyal or true. ie had been brought up in a peculiar ay enough, this impulsive Katberine; ana if there is any excuse to he made vLn Vvilful Perversity, it lies in that, otherless at the age of three, left to amWf ,, Iather' spoiled by Indian liafl rf' in every caprice, she fa,mfW" up headstrng and . full of. her Indian colonel had taught a rmi-,Sj0,'n a Ue as base crime of as stooi \and tab&bt; her to be as true and lhi'i generous» and brave; that n aew in ber inmost heart of tvo on Dantree was none hnslablpSe„ things was twice as fancy hafi water- Only her girl's too late («ene1Ut to him and it was -Li£i_tq recall the gift. \- (Commenced publication February 27.) ' Her father.drew licrtaWtfm Sad'skissed W:-v b-J) "I will say ndvmhra— potncfrword , and yet it is a .Do you know what I should haveSlolie, Kathie, when that fellow came here to ask your hand? I should have said, 'She is there; take her if you will. She is quite ready and capable of running away with you to-morrow, if you ask her; but as long as I live, not one farthing will she ever receive from me — not though she were starving. I will never forgive her; I will never see her; she is in love with you; take her, and when the honeymoon is ovc-r — starve! I mean this, Mr Dan tree, and we Dangerflelds know how to keep our word.' Kathie, he would never have set foot again within this house, and you — you would hate your father. I don't think I could hear that, and so, oh, child! marry him, if you will, on New Y"ear's Eve — what does a "month more or less matter? and may heaven keep you, and defend you from the fate of a brok en-hearted wife!" She made no reply; her face was hid den on his shoulder. "I fear for your future, my child! I fear— I fear!" the old soldier said, with strange pathos. "I foresee more than I can dare tell. Kathie, listen! Do you" — his steady voice faltered a little — "do you ihinK you couia uear 10 na poor.' "Poor, papa?" she lifted her head, and looked at him in surprise. "Yes, Katberine; to be poor, not as we are poor in India, with servants to wait upon us, and a colonel's pay to live on; hut if I were to die, and it may be soon — child be still — and you were left alone in the world, friendless and por tionless, to earn your living as other girls do, do you think you could bear that? — to eat poor food? to wear poor clothing? to labor for others? That is the sort of poverty I mean." She gazed at him, lost in wonder. "Poor, poor! I, a baronet's daughter, the heiress of .Searswood ! Papa," burst ing into a laugh for the first time, ' what nonsense are you talking? It is impos sible for me to be poor." "But suppose it were not" — he spoke with feverish eagerness, shifting away from the gaze of. the bright, wondering eyes — "suppose it were possible— sup pose sucli a fate overtook you could you bear it?" "Sir John Dangerfleld," the young lady responded, impatiently, "I don't want to suppose it — I won t suppose such a preposterous thing! No, I couldn't bear it— there! I would rather die than be poor, living on crusts, wear ing shabby dresses, and working for in solent, purse-proud, common rich people. Papa, I would just quietly glide out of life in a double dose of morphine, and make an end of it all. But what s the use of talking such rubbish? I'm Katberine Dangerfleld, heiress; it is about as likely that I shall go up to the moon, like Hans Pfaal, and live there away from everybody, as that I shall ever turn shop-girl and become poor." He set his lips hard beneath his iron- grev moustache, and his soldier's train ing stood him in good stead now. Of the sharp pain at his heart his face showed no sign. "And you consent, papa— you dear, good-natured old papa?" the girl said, her cheek close to his, her lips in his ear; "you do consent! I am only seventeen, and silly, no doubt, but let me be happy in my own way. I can't help liking Gaston— I can't indeed, and I want to trust him— to believe in him. You'll let me, won't you? You won't say bitter, cynical things any more. And you know you won't lose me, as you would if I married anyone else. You'll only gain a -son Instead— and we'll live together here, as the fairy tales say- happy for ever after." He sighed resignedly, disengaged him self, and arose. " 'When a. woman will, she will, etc. Have your own way, Catherine. Let the wedding he on New Year's Eve. I give you carte blanche for the trousseau —order what you please. I car. Say no more than that. I will make the best of a bad bargain, since it is inevitable; but I can't like him — I never can. Marry him If you will, but I would almost sooner see you dead than give your fate into his hands. Keep him away from me — I would rather not meet him. And, Katberine ." .A pause. "WPII nana 9" — elio CIIG1.O ro'lmv en< 1_ iy. It seemed very hard that the two be ings on eartli whom she loved best could like one another no better than this. Her father was standing with his hack to her, looking out of the window at the beeches' tossing their striped branches in the high autumnal gale. "Yes, papa — what is it?" "Don't offend Mrs Vavasor." He spoke with an effort. "You don't like her, and yc.u take no pains to hide it. Kathe- rine. it won't do." "Why not, papa?" "I can't tell you why — only she is your guest; as such she should be treated with courtesy." "Well, I do try to be courteous— that is, I try to endure her; but, papa she's simply unendurable; it stifles me to live in the house with lier. I don't know why— I suppose we're antagonistic, as Gaston says — but my flesh creeps when she comes near me, just as it does when I meet a toad. She's like a serpent, papa — one. of those deadly cobras we used to have out in India— with her glit tering eyes, and her sharp, hissing voice, and her noiseless, gliding walk. Why can't you give her all the money she wants and pack lier off about her busi ness?" - "Because— well, because the world is civilised, and she is our guest. Let us respect the sanctity of the bread and salt. She has a hold upon me— I may admit that much— and it places me in her power. If I or you offend her, Katbe rine, it is in her power to injure us both more than I can- say. It is impossible to explain; I can only say for the pre sent, treat- her civilly, for my sake." "I will try. For your sake, papa, I would do anything." "Except give up Gaston Dantree! Well well! it is the way of the world— the way of women — a very old way, too. And now go — I think I'll settle my mind by reading the 'Times' after ail this. Ar range everything, buy the wedding dresses, let the wedding guests be bid den, and when the hour comes I will be ready to give my daughter away to a man of \vh,om I know nothing. That will do, Kathie; I'd rather have no thanks. Let .the subject of Mr Dantree be dropped between us; it is a subject on which you and., I can never agree, though we talked to the crack of doom." Katherine laid Iter fingers on the handle of the door. There was a swift swish of silk outside. She flung it wide. Had that odious little wretch, Mrs Vavasor, been listening? But the pass- age was deserted, and a tall Indian cabinet hid the little crouching figure completely. Miss Dangerfleld rode out under the open sky and sunny downs with her af fianced, and Mr Dantree simply heard that papa had consented that the mar riage should take place on New Year's Eve — no more. But lie could easily infer the rest from Katherine's clouded face. "The sharp-sighted old baronet lias been abusing me," reflected Mr Dantree; "he lias taken my gauge pretty ac curately from the first. I wonder how it is that my face, which makes all women fall in love with me, makes all men distrust me! Is it that women as a rule are fools, and the other sex are not? What an awful muddle I nearly made of it by carrying that confounded packet of letters about. Katherine's a prey to the green-eyed monster already, and will be for the rest of her life. I sup pose it is in the eternal fitness of things, somehow, that plain women should be always savagely jealous, especially when they have remarkably handsome husbands. Before the year ends I will he the son-in-law of Searswood Park, and the husband of eight thousand a year! Gaston Dantree, my boy, you're a cleverer fellow, than ever I gave you credit foiv There was a dinner-party that even ing at Searswood, and Mr Dantree, with a fatuous smile, made known to all whom it might concern that the happy day was near. Mrs. Vavasor's black eyes sparkled with their snakiest light; the rustling silk twisted, and twined, end gleamed about her in more serpen tine coils than ever. She flashed a glance across at Peter Dangerfleld, with spectacles over pale, near-sighted eyes, on the opposite side. And Captain Eievere strolled again his big, heavy, dragoon moustache, and shot sharp glaces of suppressed ferocity at the smiling bridegroom elect. "Hang the beggar! I'd like to 1 Vi Ma li liic cair.eai icdoil and confidential airs of proprietorship. I suppose Sir John's failing into his dotage — I can't account for it in any other way. Poor little fool," with a look at Katherine; "if he treats her as I know he will after marriage, I'll thrash him within an inch of his life. I wish I had asked her myself." The wedding-day was announced, Katherine was congratulated, and a lit tle before midnight, with her lover's parting kiss still on her lips, she went up to her room. Draped with rose-silk and laces, the carpet wreaths of rose buds. on snow, puffy silken chairs, a Swiss musical-box, playing tinkling tunes, firelight and waxliglrt gleaming over all— how pretty — how pleasant it looked. And Katherine, in her dinner- dress of rich mazarine blue, and sap phire ornaments set in fine gold, sat down in the puffiest of chairs with a tired sigh. There came a soft tap at the floor- not the tap of Ninon. Katherine lifted her dreamy eyes from the fire, "Come in," she said. The doer opened and Mrs Vavasor entered. She, loo, still wore her dinner dress; the rich sea-green silk glowed in the light far behind her. The diamonds that were not from the Palais Royal flashed splendidly on neck and arms, and ears and nngers. tier sinning, luxuriant black hair floated over hei shoulders, and the smile that rarely left her was at its brightest 011 her face. "Am I an intruder?" She asked gaily. "What blissful visions of ante-nup tial felicity have I frightened away? You will forgive me, I know, my pet. I had to come. Kathie, dear, you don't know how glad I am your wedding day is so near." She took both the girl's hands in hers. Katherine's first impulse was to snatch them impatiently away; but sbe re membered her father's warning. This odious, fulsome, fawning creature had some mysterious power over him; for his sake she must be civil. "You are very good," but despite the best intentions, Miss Dangerfield's voice sounded cold. "Will you sit down, Mrs Vavasor?" "No, love; I will stay but a moment. See, it is midnight. Weird hour!" with a shrill laugh. "Are there ghosts, do you know, at Searswood? Such a dear ro mantic old house ought to be haunted, you know, to make it complete. I sup pose every house, as the poet says, where men and wonj£Ji_have lived and died, is haunted, .-ap.d 7all carry our ghosts with us hiHsWYiSe.;-.. But I won't turn prosy and meraiuisicai on this happy niglit. Ah !3 l-lhiKpthie, what an enviable girl 'h&u; aiv how" brightly your life lias oYdeiY'd Seventeen, rich, flattered, <jY.essod hnd beloved ! I suppqsVyou ftSve '"never had a single wish upgrdUfied/ln your life; and in two montlisvyouuinai¥y the man you love with your lv3iCdfi.Jlv2.rt— a uira nnp'c flrpnitb" fit5 iiio Oh'mninn Apollo-. Aha others of us go through life, and don't find one completely happy day. It is the old nursery story over again, 'This little pig goes to mar ket, and this little pig stays at home.' 1 Katherine Dangerfleld, what a happy girl you ought to he!" "I am happy, Mrs Vavasor." Still Mrs Vavasor stood and looked at her. How strange the gleam in her eyes, how strange the smile on her lips! The firelight sparkled on her emerald silk, on her costly jewels, on her shin- I ing laces, on her coils of satin black I hair. Katherine had never known fear in all her life, hut something in that woman's face made her shrink away in a sort of terror. "Mrs Vavasor," she said, rising, ana turning white, "what Is it you have come here to say to me ?" IThe widow laughed aloud— that shrill, metallic laugh that rasped upon the ear "Wliait have I.eonie to say ? Why, to wish you joy, of course, and to tell you that I am going away." "Going away !" Ah Kathie, what a poor dissemble you are ! The light of unutterable re lief and gladness lights your face at the words. "Going away, my dearest, and if I dared harbor so inhospitable a suspicion I should say you looked glad to hear Jit. But you're not, are you, Katliie, love ? and you will speed the parting guest with real regret ? Yes, my pet, I am going— never to come back — well, not more than once again, perhaps — on your wedding day. For I think I must really come to your wedding, little Kathie, and p inn IIIUL ura uiuuj uttiut cc jg,». fiu rr well he loves you, Kathie; he is one of those artless, frank kind of men who wear their hearts on their sleeves for all the world to read. Yes, I leave Searswood just one week preceding your wedding." flay. You look as if you d!fl not under stand, hut you are ever so much relieved after all. By-lhe-by, Katherine, you grow more and more like your mother every day. Just at this moment as you stand there in the firelight, in that love ly blue silk and sapphires, you are fear fully and wonderfully like her.. Would you believe it, Miss Dangerfleld, your mother once prevented ray marriage;" "Mrs Vavasor !" ' "Yes, my dear," the little widow said, in her airiest manner, "prevented my marriage. It was all for the best, you know — oh, very much for the best. I am not speaking of Mr Vavasor, poor dear — your mother never knew him. I was quite young when my.little romance happened, a year or two older than you are now. lie was scarcely older than myself, and very handsome— not so handsome as that divine Gaston, though, of course. And I was— well, yes— I was just as deeply In love as you, my impetuous darling, are this moment. The wedding-day was fixed, and the wedding-dross made, and at the last hour your mother prevented it. It is nearly twenty years ago, and, if vou will believe it, the old pain and disappointment, and anger and mortlft- . cation come back now, as I talk, almost as sharply as they did then. For I. suffered— as I had loved— greatly. I' have never seen him for twenty long years, and I never want to now. .Ha is alive still, and married, with grown-up sons and daughters, and, I daresay," laughs with his wife — a great lady, my, dear— over that silly episode of a most silly youth. And I— I eat, drink, and am merry as you see, and I forgave your mother, as a Christian should, and mar ried poor, dear Mr Vavasor, and waa happy. Your mother died in my arms. Kathie, and now I am coming to ,iier daughter's wedding." She laid her band— burning as though with fever— on the girl's wrist, and fixed her black, glittering eyes strangely upon her. "Look for me on your wedding-day, Katherine— I shall be there !" The girl snatched her hand angrily, away. . "Mrs Vavasor!" she cried out; wha do you mean ? Why do you look at mo so? You frighten me!" "Do I ?" with her mocking laugh. "Now, I never meant to do that. I don't mean anything — how could I? — but best wishes for you. Good night, Katherine bvide-eiect — neire&a; ul baronet's daughter — good night, and_ pleasant dreams. " 'The morn is merry June, I trow, The rose is budding fain, But she shall bloom ill wip -erenow J3rs v:s tro meet again!' He turned his charger as he spoke Upon the river shore- He gave the reins a shake, and ciied 'Adieu for evermore, My love! ; ' Adieu for evermore.' " A last derisive glance of the" MacU eyes, a taunting smile — singing Mr Dan- tree's song— Mrs Vavasor vanished. Hours and hours after Katherine eaX very still, very pale, and very unlike her bright, dashing, defiant self, before the flinirprine' fire, w hat did it all mean?, Mysteries in books were very nice, the thicker and blacker the better, tout la every-day life— well, they were exas perating. "What power did this woman hold over her father? Why could he not speak out and tell her? If he could not trust the daughter who loved him, whom could he trust? What did .Mr Vavasor mean by her sneering taunts, only half hidden, her Inuendo, her. de lusive smiles and glances her omJnmm song' Was it in the ppwer of this dapt, , evil woman to part her and herJovgk; " Be said, proudly, lifting her ||||iea<l.wlth that haughty grace that was Jier chief charm; "no man or woman on Igfatih can do that. Nothing in this jjvpiidcan come between Gaston and me, fe'IiDlefjB heehould prove " "fKialse! . Not even to herself could hie repeat that word. She got up, shiv- gfifng a little. '"'It grows cold," she thought, "I will bed, and to-morrow I shall tell V papa, and beg him once more to ex- plain. I cannot endure that woman's presence longer." 5\. . Tf -early rising be a virtue, Miss Dan- Tfferfleld possessed it She might dance ? until " some wee short hour ayont the .pvew, UUl 8UU Wins cut. , six next morning, as fresh as the fresh- «st. When Sir John came out on the ter- race for his morning smoke, he found Ills daughter pacing up and down slowly | lb the pale chill sunlight. A scarlet bur- pouse wrapped her, and her dark face l'. looked wan and sombre from out Its | r gjpwlng folds. 'Tou here, Katherine!" the baronet ' . - sdtd; as he stopped and kissed her. He was very gentle with her of late; there was. a sort of sad abnormal tenderness |n his face now. It did surprise him to find her here so early; but looking again at ker, he saw how heavy the bright eyes were, how slow the elastic footfall, the shadows on the tell-tale face. "What is ft, Kathle ?" he asked. "You look as though you hadn't slept last night. Has anything gone wrong?" "Well, no, papa; nothing exactly gone .wrong, perhaps; but I feel unhappy, and cross, and mystified. I didn't sleep last night, and It's all owing to that detest able woman. Light your cigar, papa, and I will tell you while we-walk up and down." She clasped both hands round his arm, and looked up with dark solemn eyes. "Papa, I want you to send her away. She is a wretch— a wicked, plot- ting, envious wretch! I was happy last night— I don't think I was ever happier In my life. What business had she to come and spoil it all? I hate to be un happy—and I won't he unhappy— and — and, papa, I insist upon your sending the odious little killjoy away!" His bronzed face paled perceptibly ; an angry flash came into his steel-blue eyes. "You mean Mrs "Vavasor, I presume ? ."What has she done?" "Done!" Katherine repeated, with angry impatience, "she has done noth ing—she is too cunning for that; and it isn't altogether what she says, either ; it's her look, her tone, her smile, that Insinuate a thousand things more than she ever utters. That horrid, perpetual simper of hers says, plainer than words, T know lots of things to your disadvan tage, my dear, and I'll tell them, too, some day, If you don't use me well.' I hate people that go smirking through life, full of evil and malice, and all un- charitableness, and who never lose their temper." "You seem to have decidedly lost yours this morning, my dear. May I repeat —what has Mrs Vavasor done?" "This, papa; she came to my room last night, instead of going honestly to bed, like any other Christian, and- began talking to me about my— mother." Sir John Dangerfield took his cigar suddenly from between hlfe lips, a dark red flash Of intense Sneer mnnnHne tn his brew. "About your mother!" he repeated, in a tense sort of voice. "What did Mrs Vavasor say about your mother, Ka thle?" "She said, for one thing, that my mother once prevented her marriage. Now, did she?" "Not that I am aware of. Was that all?" "Well, that was all she accused her at, but there were volumes implied. My mother died in her arms, she said, and she had long ago forgiven her. Papa, if ever I saw a devil in human eyes, I saw one in hers as she said it. She hated my mother; she hates me; and if it is in her power to do me or you any harm, she will do it before Bhe leaves Sussex, as surely as we both stand here." "Katherine, for Heaven's sake " "She will, papa!" Katherine cried, firmly. "All the harm she can do us she will do. But is it in her power to really harm us? The will is there fast enough, but Is the way?" "My child," he said, and there was a sob In every word, "it is in her power to Win us— to ruin you!" Katierine looked at him— very pale, very grave, Very- gaist. You could see alt once how this impulsive glri, -reedy to cry out lustily with Impatient anger over little troubles, would bear great ones. "Then, if that be true, Heaven help tos!" she said. "I don't understand, and it seems to me you will not explain tmtU the blow falls. Perhaps I could bear it better if I knew beforehand what X had to endure. Just now it seems strangely impossible. You are a wealthy baronet, and I am your only child— how cain a woman like that Injure or ruin us? Papa," suddenly, "is there any flaw In your right of succession to Scarswood— is there any heir whose claim Is better Chan your own?" .He looked at her, a look that haunted b!er for many a day, with eyes full of trouble. (To be continued.) J- ' .'.-'in — 