NOTES AND NOTIONS. ['.By ' Tartarin.'] A brother soribe in the Parkes 'In- dependent ' has some hard things to say of ' Tartarin.' To bogin with, ' Tar tarin ' is a '? discontented ' writer, which is news indeed to one who has consistently preached the gospel of pat ting up with things as they are, and often argued that the very fact of tbe existence of a thing proves that its existence has some justification in reason. Then ?' Tartarin ' is a ' mere imitation of an anonymous writer in in the Sydney . 'D.T. ' (though ' Tartarin ' wrote in one of the Sydney papers a year and a half before ' Otitis ' put in an appear ance). But tbo heaviest charge is to come. 'It is a .singular fact that, in the whole range of anonymous writers between Ontis and Tartarin, not one ean long retain tbe vigor and the snap and the general daintiness of first efforts. ' That tired feeling ' seizes the anony mous writor quicker than any other. How is this ?' The 'whole range of anonymous writers between Ontis and Tartarin ' is a hnge, if unintentioned, oompliment to two hnmble peoplo who are thus put forth as the Alpha and Omega of all 'anonymous' literature. When Dr. Johnson signed ' Eambler ' to his moral essays, the Countess of Wilchelsea, ' Ardelia ' to her sweet and gentle poems, ' Junins ' his assumed name to political pamphlets, they conld hardly have imagined even a ' savage Antipodean ' putting ' Outis ' and ' Tartarin ' forth aa representative of ' Anonymous ' writers. Nor would Dumas, Zaugnill, Labouchere, Sims, Quiller, Couch, the thousand and one jonrnalists and litterateurs of to-day who are addicted to Writting under pen names, bemneh flattered. One can imagine what the ghoBt of tbe pompous ' Bambler ' would soy to the Parkes 'Independent' writer: 'I am astonished, sir, that a gentleman who presumes to write for the amusement of the public should be so ignorant. Snch a statement as you have made, sir, is evidence either of a grass partiality or a painfnl levity. And, sir, let me point ont to you that a writer who uses a pseudonym does not write anonymously. The leading articles in the ' Daily Telegraph ' are anonymous; but ' Otitis ' is not an anonymous writer, sir.' Then the spirit of Mr. James Boswell, that bibulous shadow of a great maD, would laugh hoarsely whilst the doctor ' puffed and blowed.' As to the decadence of ' anonymous ' writers (by which the ' Independent ', means writers using pseudonymus) it may be true enough with regard to the two who are named. That it should be generally true is, however, absurd and unreasonable. What is true is that, when a newspaper publishes for a first lime a pseudonym column the novelty of the thing give3 it an attraction. When the novelty wears. off, the matter has to be judged on its merits, and then often found wanting. Let me assure the Parkes 'Indepeni' however that its criticism is taken kindly to heart and ' Tartarin ' will in future maks a desperate effort to improve, and does not wish to be captions (like the ghost of Dr. Johnson) about the signi ficance of the word 'anonymous.' Fnr ther the state in this column (made some weeks ago) that some of Ontis' writing was mere outin, or nothing, was merely a peg to hang a bad Greek pr.n on, a pun which however had the merit (unlike Toby Barton's pankakon one) of being original. 