THE SENSATSONS OF DBOWHINC. “Drowning is a pleasant death’’ is a remark constantly made by those who never gulped .down salr water into the delicate tissues of 'their lungs. As a lad I was. bathing in rough wea ther on the beach of a .-watering-place in Northern France. Swept'out to sea, I struggled, sank .became insensible: and was saved by the courage and skill of a gallant Frenchman—who wrote his name that day in iny mother's New Testament as a memorial of the rescue. This was all. The circumstances were ordinary. A thousand such may occur every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest which arise •principally from the fact that. I reinom her all that happened during a period of time which may have been four or live minutes, but which appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered - the ! water, the much-resounding roar of the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful—full of foreboding and ter ror. Ashamed of this fancy, I instinc tively hut foolishly fought my way sea wards, and was promptly out of my depth; not because I intended to run ■any risk, for I could not swim, but be cause the strong current had scooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom, which had six feet of water on the top of if. Tumbled over by the waves, the concentrated agony of the moment when the’water closed over-my head for the first time cannot be described. It. was tlie bitterest point of the strug gle. Cruel and omnipotent force, with out warning'or reason, surrounded me, and my frantic aud determined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion to cease-liolding my breath, and to inhale once more. I felt instinctive ly, as I writhed in the cold, black water, that if once I succumbed to the tempta tion to expel my breath, which almost burst the ribs in my angry efforts to I retain it. the end would come; that. I [ should be compelled to breathe inwards I while covered with the pressing salt water. At. this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of air bubbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before I had watched the drowning of a cat on the clear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone,, and had fought with upturned face for liberty. 'When the bubbles rose in a silver fountain [ from the comers of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle cur rent, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This scene came vividly before mo. I thought of | this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the cat. There was no fear; the actual circumstances filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape, aud the inability of my efforts suddenly became subordinated to the feeling of intoler able pain. Eyes, cliest, limbs, wore all one solid pain. .Inst then T touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a haudful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All I wanted was to- end the. pain. Xo thought of death, except as an inte resting and immaterial factor in the situation came over me. It is true that I remembered that I should be missed when dinner time'came, and 1 was found missing;' and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a cliest of drawers in my bedroom,- which I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, aud was conscious of re laxing effort aud sinking out of a conscious state to one in which one dreamed without, knowing wliat the dreams were. From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beach, whither my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and unreasoning shame; but the nausea-caused by swallowing so much salt water quickly brought me back to earth again. 