A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. j CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE j OF PEOPLE AND TOUCHED FOE | BY "A PROMINENT MEMBER OF i PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG CON- SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE , FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CONQUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOE DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. (From tht Australian Werlunan.) On Thursday afternoon, our representa- tive made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarris, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing1 a -wo- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be ons of the happiest men in Sydney He was up and about and abie to answer the knock at the door. ??? Although pale and bearing still the marks of a .critical 'llness and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road -to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said " You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad ef an opportunity to tell you; The tacts may be of vakie to those who are stricken as 1 was." . " How long were you suffering ?' j " Weil, twelve months ago I got co bad that I had to leave off work and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney Sinee ¿he accident I have been in failing health, and after four years ef gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the "Glebe Island/ ** What were the symptoms ?" Simply indescribable Thd pallis were ! soniethinÊr terrible. They were just about ] ;U1h9*wàà.dliker-jus if a ¿aw were outtíatf' . my bones in two" in every part of , me. X bad no control oyer my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisauca to'myself and everyone else. I was incessantly sbiverlag and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well known doctor and he told me that my casa was utterly hopeless. Ho-ever, he" gave me an order to the Director ef Charitable - Institutions "Did you make use of the order?" , - " rJVpI'cania horns and weat fco bed, äad"¿ $ava been 'pretty well in bed ever since.. if ive weeks ago I could not walk acrossthe'""' floor ; iii fact, I could not g?t out of oed. "' X felt then that it was all over with nie, 5 -and only a question of days when Ï would - give up thé 'ghost. My doctor waá attend-": I ing nie, ändäid all he could, by opium and-. mciphia pills, to ease the agony ï was in. ? I was under him for fire or six weeks". He carne t© the conclusion that I was sufferiog : from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressiver,; locomoter atixy, a disease o£ the spinal': cor?,'" characterised by peculiar disturb'?'--? ranees cf gait, and diiaculty in co-ordinating voluntary increments. He told me thatX might last for ten years, and that I pigott 'never get the use of my legs. (Just then; the patient -¡kicked his legs about with : energy-to show that' medical opinion.is net" infallible.) Í!Well, just as a drowning man" "; will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an \Setk ; conveyed-by the advertisement describing-" the cure 'effected in tjhe case of another." boiler-niaTrer iii England, which 1 read in': the Áüsti^iiian Workman, by Dr.' Willi£nis*;i Pink-Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of â case which seemed to i fit my own. I determined to give the Pi¿k .Pills-atriál anyway, and sent fer a bog.. -The «2eot was as marvellous as it waja? magical. I was able to eat and sleep äs though nothing was the matter with inei v It was ths-first appetite and rest I.hadHÈôrT many a d.iy. ' It was incredible. I iminee I di.lteíy left the bed and was able t» movió', about: I have taken four boxes of Pink I Pills .during the past four weeks, and am . now taking the fifth box. I can walk abóútT with the a;.d of a stick, and am gradually; - but «urelf, recovering my former vigorând vitality. You ¿ea those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before;l I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weaJklio: use them, -and now I don't want them. All . I want is'this stick, and I hope soon to dc , without it. You see I am rapidly regain- : ing my strength." " Ke is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. ? Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her kuees. ~" The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." ' \ A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that - day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, "have f?) cold bath, ¿md all the feehug has coan ' back in-my legs. If I keep on going", tht' way I aro, I hoys to be able to resume work** as a boiler-maker, and you know I have Í* be in the very pink of health and strengths to work at that trade.' I am better to-day than I havd been at any time during ttte past fire years. I ascribe all the change nnd benefit to these Pink Pills. They haT*:: saved my life. I am in no pain now what-";' ever, and feel like a new man. On- thV; ] mantelpiece there isa box of opium and' j morphia pills which the doctor gave me to i deaden the. excruciating pain. But they ! can stay where they are, for-I no longer ] need them. Everybody who knowsme has i been amazed at the change in me. They j can hardly believe their eyes. My being , out again has caused quite a sensation out j hero." ~Wh ««Bi Such is this i-eii'^siaW^ history, and ir confirms what is said iu all the chief news- papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotox ataxy, partial paralysis and spinal disease, also "the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as amsaiia, pate and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pams in the back, nervous hsadache, etc. Mr. J. S. T. M'Gowen, leader of the Labour party in the N.S.W Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the/ remarkablè case of Thomas Jarvis. Mr.. M'Gowen says he has known Jarvis from A infancy He also knew that he had to give , up his work at Glebe Island abattoir«?; twelve months, ago owing to a malady s which he developed. He afterwards;:? beard that Jarris was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery 'Áeú¿ understood Jarvis was refused admission to ; the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been,' pronounced incurable. Mr. M'Gowen was, ; therefore like everyone else who auew "the Ï facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis . , Dr Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable^, from all leading chemists, or from the Dr.-: Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place,:] Sydney, who will forward (post paid)_oa| receipt of stamp's or post order, 1 box .foi:' 3s:, or half-dozen for 16s. 9d. V. ii 