THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. -4----- THE DEADLOCK PROBLEM. FURTHER DISCUSSION. TASMANIAN PRESS ASSOCIATION- COPYRIGHT. SYDNEY, Monday. When the Convention assembled this morning consideration of the deadlock ( problem was resumed. It will be re membered that on Friday Mr. Symon.,, carried 'the principle of successivel dis solurtions. Then Mr. Lyne moved : to superimpose the national referen-i dum. Upon ,trhat Sir G. Turner pro- ( duced an amendment for the referen- 1 dum as an alternative to dissolution. After 'the committee reported pro gress on Friday afternoon the Con ventitan empowered a committee to ] reconsider and rescind the resolutions' 1 on th1e deadlock clause. This morning the debate was re- sumed. Mr. BARTON suggested rescinding '1 MMr. Symon's reosolution, and beginning .1 de novo. The suggestion fell flat. Sir G. TURNER wished to settle the matter that day. Finamce must be left over. He continued to press his amenndment. Mr. REID did not object to empower the G'overnor to dissolve both or either House. The talk 'then. turned principally upon what Mr. Deakin, punningly de scribed as Symon-tane'ous against simultaneous dissolution. Mr. McMILLAN contributed a seda tive address, in which he opposed a' simultaneous dissolution, because he wanted 'to sustaEin in its integrity the bicameral system o' governmeant. He wanted a scheme in which the Govenn ment should ,have the' power to dis solve the House longest from the electors, and spoke strongly against attempts being made 'to subject the Convention to wire-pullers and agi tators. He earnestly entreated 'the dele gates not to heed firathy and epher meral public feeling, but to frame a constitution in the light, of inrdividual consciene--a constitution which could stad 't:he slhocks ,cf time. It would be better :to .leave the matter ten ta tively, in a way agreeable to the small states,for ultimate consideration by 'the whole of Australia, rather 'than at tempt to settle it 'in 'the present angry feeling. It was said that if Mr. Symon's resolution was not rescinded Federation was wrecked, but she be lieved the people of New South Wales would not make proportional represen tation a sine qua 'non, and deprecated any attempt to destroy equal repre sentation. It would 'have been: better for the, small states 'to have itaken pro partionate representation withou:t the checks to the Senate. Replying to an interjection, he said Mr. Lyn-e was in the e'volutionary stage, between the devil and the deep sea. Mr. McMillan added that finality respecting dead locks was impossible without destroy ing Federation. (Cheers.) It was tm pcssible to separatle state and national interests. They should not make the House of Representatives omnipotent. (Cheers.) Mr. DEAKIN, who thought they were unduly dwelling upon an abnor mal and infrequent adjunct of Federa tion, replied to the objections 'to con current dissolution, pointing out that the difficulty as to unequal political development of the colonies was vanishing, and said Sir G.. Turner would be willing to delay the opera tion of dissolution for twelve months after the passing of ithe bill. Mr. REID-It would not want a special incubator tio revive it. Mr. DEAKIN thought !thiat If the small states had exhibited at Adelaide 'the, same spirit of compromise as had been shown here, public ftelihg- would not have been so dangerously roused. The, most magnanimous lFederal speech yet made was by Sir Y. Downer in accepting the referendumn,. whei'ch he detested The growth of the Fedral spirit at 'this Convntion hadt exceeded his belief. Mr. SYMON cottndeded ftr the pro vision eloquently advocated by Mr. Delakin; and embodied, in. hi; proposal, which had moderating influences on popullar passion. He acknowledged the magnamiity of the larger states, and complimented Mr. McMillan on his courageous speech. He podlutted out to Mr. Deakin tha't because the Senate had been shorn of equal p~ewer his argument failed. The increasing de mands of 'the large states resembled the cry of the horse leech. Whatever 'the result of their deliberations, the dolegaites should loyally support the constitution. Mr. REID made a long speech, reiterating generalities, and expressing himself as very pleased at Mr. Symoa's moderation. He eharactlerised the dual referendum as a monstrosity. Mr. ISAACS-It is working well in Switzerland upon general federal leglslation. Mr. REID regarded the mass referea dum as the. c?ly finality, but suggested a joint sitting of Houses as an alter native. Sir J. DOWNER suppoited Mr. Symon's proposal, but regretted that he (Mr. Symon) had not opposed all deadlock schemes. Sir J. FOR1REST; ,who "cadoneidered they were off the track in reopening the question, reiterated his objections to deadlock remedies. Mr. CARRUTHERS recommended and suggested the resolution which he had lrculated, provlidng after checks for a simultaneoua dissolutlom, and subsequently a joint sittting of bath ahouses, with a two-thirds ma jority vote, 'and fiall? a inale re f " . ferendum. He also made provision . for a one-fourth minority at the ,lgis lative Conference, demanding thle re ferendumn. Mr. CARRUTHERS stated that he preferred the movement failing, on a distinct cleavage rather than succeed ing, by an unsatisfactory compromise. Th.ere Nvould be no. chance of parrying a national referendum. He strenuously opposed a dual referendum. Mr. IS'AACS offered Victorrian oppo sition ;to joint sittings, whidch would mean the extinction of a two to one quota, and confer on. the Senate the control of finance. Mr.. Gordon was. convinced that .New South Wales would not agree 'to a' dual referendum.. They had parted moorings to find a' :refuge from storm in Mr. Carruthers's ;proposal for joint sittings,. but with, a dissolution of only the H'ouse o"f Re ,presentatives he refused to alter the quota: Mr. KINGSTON fav'oured the sug gestion for the dissolution of the House longest from the electors, and repeated his views- in favour of rule by majority on natilotnal questions. T'lhere ,was a very great deal 'to be said for regarding the tariff .as a states ques 'tion, and Be would' give a majority- of .the representatives ;of the three small states the power to demand a dual ,'eierendum. Mr. WISE and Sir G. TURNER saw in Mr. Kingston's idea the germ of 'the Solution of the difficulty. Mr. O'CONNOR did not think a single referendum would .be accepted, even in New South' Wales.. Mr. O'CONNOR continued the debate at night to crowdeid galleries, and ex pressed himself favourably impressed with Mr.. Kingston's proposal, though he regarded that of Mr. Carruthers as embodying more finality. He ,would, as. a concession to the Victorians,, per mit. the Federal Parliament to. alter the quota. Mr. GORDON- If you make. the quota a shifting quantity the whole thing is a sham. Mr. HIGGINS observed an air of unireality about bthle debate, and. re ferred to the dissolving views of the delegates. He blamed Sir G. Turner fon not fighting for a: national referen dum. Si' G. TURNER-It neveir had a shadow of a- ghost of a chance. (Cheers.) , 'Mr. HOLDER in a 'bright speech raised a mild storm by labelling Mr. Synmon's supporters as Conservatives. Mr.. Kingaton',s:scheme was better liked the more it was 'thought of, but why set'tle' the -matter now ? Mr. BARTON required an: adjourn, ment, and repudiated the 'idea of playing in the meantime .'with': Federa. 'lion. He argued for Mn CarruIthers's proposal as the simplest and 'cheapest safety valve, and adhered to, the qu;ota principle. Mr. GLYNN regretted that, some of his colleagues Lhad refused the Vic 'torian olive branch. After a controversy as to 'the order of the amendments, Mr. LYNE ve4hemently opposed equal representation,, and con demned Sir G, Thaner's vac 'citation as t?he cause of' the trouble. He asked for further- time for con sideration. If the Queenslbnd repre sentatives were elected- by, one elec torate 'they would' favour' propoirtional representation, and if by dh'stricts, vice versa. The committee.divi'ded. of, Mr. Wise's amendment for a concurrent dissolu tion as an alternative to' 'Mr. Symonb's, and the amendment' was' carried by 25 to 20, the minority' consisting of Sir J. Lee Steere,. Ml.. ?Trenoi,. Sir J. For rest, Messrs. Crowder,. Henning, Doi son, Howe, McM;illan, Fraser, Leake, and Symican, Sir J. Downer, Messrs. Henry Moore, Grant, Brown, James, Briggs, Douglas, and Sir. W.. 2Bafl. The absentees were Sir E. Braddon and Messrs. Hassell and Tre'nlwith. The national referendum was re lected by 36 to 10,. the mino'?ity' being Messrs. Lyne, O'Connor, Carruthers, Brunker, McMillan, , Reid,, James, Holder, Deakin, and Sir G. Berry. The dual referendum was negatived by 27 to 18, the minority being Sir G. Turner, Messrs. Deakin, Isaacs,. and Wallker, Sir P. O. Fysh, Messrs. Clarke and Peacock,. Sir J. Abbott, Messrs. Brown, Glynn, Kingston, Jhkmes,. and H,~cder, Sir G. Berry, Dr.. Cockburn, Messrs. Solomon and Howe, anf Dr. Quick. The decision on Mr. Carruthiers' proposal, which is likely to-lie carried', was postproned till to-morrow. Sir G. Turner leaves Ito-morrow night. The Convention adjourned 'at 11'.4U0 The Governmen?i entertained! the delegates and their friends- at supper. Mr. Barton expects that the Cbarven 'tion will rise on Friday.. 