A WHITED SEPULCHRE. A SAD VERDICT. [By "CONATUS."] [ALL RIGHT RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXVIII (continued.) Mr. Lord has need of these flow'rets gay, The Reaper said, and smiled. Dear tokens of the earth are they, When He was once a child. " No," Tom agreed thoughtfully. “My last day last day at Acland. I wonder if ever I'll see it again. His companion was seized with a cough- ing fit so severe, as to bring the tears to his eyes. " Drat that cough,” he said testily. “ You were saying Ted as how you hoped you’d come back to a better ........" ”Oh Corporal," he said sadly, “if I only could, but you know and I know better, it's no use worrying Mr. Frank as he won't think it, but I'll never come back home again. Oh, Corporal, it’s , hard to see when there’s so much worth living for. In the old days, when I've seen old Phil knock his wife down for giving me a bit of bread then lash me with a stockwhip, I used to think I'd jump into the river, just to be out of it all and I would have only for Tim, but now when I'm so happy, " It's hard to give it all up." The Corporal's cough was worse again. Then he said, "I know what’s the matter with my lad. You’re what our old surgeon said to me when I was shot in the leg, 'run down,' and I'm not a bad \---- at telling what’s going to happen. "He'll come back looking that fat and ... that we won't know you, if you only keep a stiff upper lip. When I was in that self same hospital, haven’t I seen young fellows you wouldn’t give the snuff of a candle for, get strong and well in less time than you would say Jack Robinson, and I do think, young chap,” he added with virtuous wrath, “considerin’ all that’s been done for you, to say nothing of the money, it ’ud suit you better to think you’d got better, if you were deter- mined there'd be no difficulty.” Ted made no reply and there was a long pause. The Corporal smoked fiercely, and, judging by the moisture that gathered in his eyes, it must have been stronger tobacco than usual. The boy changed the subject suddenly saying, “Do you remember your mother, Corporal ?’’ " I've good reason to,” he responded dryily ; “she were a wonderful woman, she wor. A better hand at using a birch rod you never did see. Fust thing in the morning till last thing at night that blessed woman kept it up, and as there was ten of us, she died when I wor eleven of paralysis, the doctor said, but my opinion is, she wor clean wore out with hidin' us.” “It must be nice to have a mother, Corporal. I wish I had one.” The old man replied emphatically, “Look here, my lad, accordin’ to the law of Natur’ mothers have got to be, but if you knew often after a birchin’ I wished I wor an orphan, you’d begin to see it has its disadvantages, and I declare to you when I knew she wor dead, in cours I was only a kid, I just said, My golly ! No more hidin’s.” " Corporal,” said the weak voice, “if I didn't come back to Acland any more, p'raps I might" he said hastily, seeing the merry gleam in the old man’s eye, “you won’t be very hard on Tim, will you ?” " Now, I just put it to you Ted,” the Corporal replied, much hurt. “If I haven’t ... out of my way to be good to that ere boy, and for you to go and ask me that.” "I know," Ted responded deprecatingly, he’s hard to understand, but he’s had such a rough time. He’d mind the sheep with ... better'n a man could, and when he got ... tired, as often as not he’d get such a terrible beating instead of supper. No- body knows him like me, and I'd not like not like to think he'd be badly treated when I’m gone." "That ’ere dog will be looked after as if he was the apple of my eye, and when you back, strong and well he'll be frisk- ing round like a young pup,” The veteran disappeared inside, and sitting down on a chair in the kitchen was lost in a brown study, varying the monotony by gravely shaking his head at intervals and talking to himself in subdued tones till ordered to stop by his impatient wife who informed him in disgusted annoyance, that when he’d done shaking his addled head like a native companion in a fit, p'haps he’d take himself off and try to do something to earn his salt, while she got on with her work.” Frank was seen driving up the road, so the Corporal postponed his reply till he had assisted his master in unharnessing. All hands were busy packing that night, and the grazier breathed a relieved sigh when, next evening, the wearied boy was fast asleep in his bed at Leyden street. He intended going home next day so reserved .. news for the morning, as he would not start till evening. CHAPTER XXXIX. CAPTAIN ARMSTRONGS NEWS. To be wroth with one we love, Doth work like madness on the brain. A bright fire is burning in the little drawing-room at “The Haven,” and seated in front of it is Sister Esther engaged in conversation with Captain Arm- strong whose arrival she has been eagerly looking forward to. An honest kindly man is he to judge from the expression of the rugged features, and in his case the face was index to the mind. And you've never again come across him, in all your travels," he said. " No," she replied with a heavy sigh, the shock of hearing my little Gilbert was dead must have upset my reason, as after a terrible scene in which I accused him of killing my boy, I have no recolloc- tion of anything but rushing out quite determined to end my wretched life, but ...., Captain Armstrong, I’ve often thought, had I kept command of myself I would have been so much bettor, as now I feel assured that my child was not dead." And yet Esther,” he said gravely, “It seems incredible that he would be so wicked to deceive you on that point.” " I don't know,” she replied dreamily ; "He was quite different to other men. After we were married he spent his time in in- dulging every whim, but when I, woman- like, longed for a little child he always declared it would spoil our pleasure ‘ I must be all in all to you, he declared. 'I will share no divided love,' and when my baby came, I was quite sure his winning ways would win his fathers heart Fancy Captain Armstrong,” she cried wildly, “to be jealous of a little child—a helpless baby." " I waited for him at a quiet country place, and he wrote for the nurse and child to on to Sydney while we went to visit some friends close by, and I let my baby go never doubting he would win his father's love when he saw the pretty baby's ways." A few days after we left he told me he did not intend to be bothered with it on board the yacht, and when I declared I would not be parted from my boy, he said he had been seized with convulsions and was dead and buried. I remember only rushing madly along with one idea to kill myself and be with my child, until my eyes opened in the cabin of the Nancy Lee, and on the honest face of my good kind friend.” “Nonsense, nonsense,” the sailor replied hurriedly. “We were starting when you were brought on board and as you were quite insensible and I was tied to time, took the matter in my own hands, and let the surgeon and stewardess attend you, never doubting that when you came to, it would be an easy matter to send you back by a passing steamer, but as soon as you came to realise where you were, you implored so piteously to be let go with us that I yielded, and your request was granted.” “Yes," she said, “then I remember what a shock it gave me to find the black hair he was so proud of had turned white, and he would not have known me.” “Well, well, never mind,” he said, “you know Esther, I am a great believer in fate, and just as surely as a man does a wrong thing, so his sin will find him out, and a rough sailor like me who stands face to face with death, and who holds his life in his hand so often, sees a lot of acts of justice done in a steady sure way. Depend upon it, such a just God as we have above us, will see right is done, and I'm quite well assured if your child be alive, you will meet and know each other in his own good time. You've been a good woman, helped the sick and suffering, and my opinion is, the life you are leading was allotted to you for a purpose. What that purpose is you will know some day, if not in this world, in the next.” “I hope so,” she said mournfully, “but it is a heavy burden.” “ It is,” he assented quietly; “let us believe the greater the cross the greater the crown. But,” he added, “now I must tell you, I do think our protege is slowly and surely coming back to health and reason.” “ Yes,” she replied doubtfully, “but is so slow. He, at the rate he is improving, will be in his dotage before he can give us any idea who and what he is.” “I don’t know so much about that,” Cap- tain Armstrong said. “It’ll come out some day, but now listen to the story I have to tell. You know I told you I would let you know if I met Ted Sugden before I sailed for Australia. I had previously given him instructions to place the matter in the hands of a private detective in New York. It was a strange story he had pieced together.” “ It seems among all the gold seekers on the California diggings there was little enough heed taken as to who was who. Murderers, thieves and desperadoes of all kinds| brushed elbows with the broken- down swell and young smart tradesmen, all engrossed in the mad search for gold. Some worked hard, and when their hoard was accumulated were murdered for the treasure they had labored for. One camp in particular called Red Gulch was noted for being the site of the richest nuggets round about, consequently a greater rush was there, those who had started their claim being occupied in keeping secret any lucky find they might have, as with the mixed crowd around them they stood a good chance of being shot, and another party stopping into their places. “Two men had pitched their tents a little on the other side of the gully from the rest, and worked their claim steadily, taking no part in the gambling and drink- ing for which Red Gulch was noted. “They were an ill- assorted pair, one being a refined, quiet man who looked as if he had stepped from an office in London answering to the name of Steve, and the other a brawny red-haired fellow who it was whispered had just escaped Judge Lynch by sheer good luck, and the reason he kept so much to himself was, that he was now wanted by the Vigilance com- mittee from a neighboring camp. Jake his mate called him. It was supposed also that they were making their pile, but no- body seemed to know, both being very reticent an the matter. “However, one day news came that some- thing was wrong with the claim across the gully, and upon investigation it was found that the tent had been robbed. Neither of the men being visible, two of the diggers volunteered to go down the shaft, where they found that a fall of earth had taken place and a man all but buried alive, who would have been left to his dreadful fate, but for the peals of maniac laughter which issued from a tiny crevice, just sufficient to prevent suffocation. “They got the wretched man out and from what they could make of his ravings the two must have been at work in the end of the drive, when the fall took place. Jake who escaped unhurt called to his imprisoned mate that he would go for assistance, in- stead of which he dug up the buried gold, stole all the papers and with cold blooded cruelty left his mate to die, and was never seen or heard of |again. The enforced|con- finement had completely turned the brain of the luckless digger, whose whole occu- pation consisted of burying stones, which he believed to be gold. He was brought to New York and for some time shut up in a lunatic asylum, after which he disap- peared, but there’s not the least doubt, that Stowe and this Steve is the same person.” “ Good Heaven !” the sister said in horrified tones, “ what a tale of black- hearted treachery.” “ Yes,” the sailor replied gravely, “ you see Esther our own troubles are never so bad, but what we can see others are worse.” “ What a strange thing it would be if those two mon ever met.” “Well,” the captain replied, “in a book or a play they certainly would. It re- mains to be seen whether they will in reality. I hope so. Evil deeds prosper for a time, but retribution comes when least expected.” “ God grant it,” Sister Esther replied. “You are not looking well yourself, my dear,” he remarked, scrutinising her keenly. “ I’m a bit unsettled,” she replied ; “ the old life’s shadows sometimes rise and they are the ghosts we shrink from, even though no more tangible than bygone memories. There must be some truth Captain in your theory of people being brought together by Fate. You remember when you|stepped in and acted the part of Good Samaritan, I told you I had a brother who had so indulged and humored me that I thought the uni- verse was created for my especial pleasure. Dearly did I pay for my selfishness and when I met my husband he persuaded me not to write to Gilbert but that some day, when tired of a roving life, we would drop in on him unexpectedly, laden with rich presents, and be received with open arms. ‘ I want you to love or think of no one but me,’ he said passionately. And ah me ! what will a woman not do for the man she loves? All the years of loving kind- ness and care lavished on me by my dear noble brother were forgotten and thrown on one side like a worn out glove. My retribution has come. He nearly broke his heart and now, when he has gone, my repentance comes too late.” “ How did you find this out?” he inquired. “ I went to see a patient of Dr. Kilroy’s, and in the old maid aunt who took care of him recognised the girl my brother was to have married. She did not know me, but from her niece I heard her story, and little did the unconscious girl know the dagger she had planted in the heart of the selfish frivolous woman who caused the death of the noblest man that ever lived. Had it not been for me he would never have left the old farm that had been the homo of the Fernleys for generations, but would be alive and the husband of sweet Hattie Fortescue.” The bluff, kindly sailor was silent. Her grief was too deep for consolation, however well meant. “ Never mind my lass,” he said at last ; “ the good God above us who watches over poor Jack in all winds and weathers, isn’t always going to send contrary winds to you, and in a little while let us hope your ship will be merrily going with the breeze till you arc safely anchored in harbor.” CHAPTER XL. A MYSTERIOUS BENEFACTOR. Neither a borrower nor a lender be. For loan oft loses both itself and friend. Great excitement prevailed in Leyden street at the home of the Nolans. From the depth of despair to the height of joy is a sudden and rare transition, but this was the state of the household. Three weeks had gone by since Madge had re- ceived the momentous proposal, and shortly after it she was notified by her employer that a temporary cessation from her duties would relieve both parties from mutual embarrassment. Aunt Hattie’s heart ached as she saw the distress painted on the girl’s face, but she said cheerfully as she read the cour- teous note, “ I am glad Madge dear. It will be easy to tell the girls that Sir Silas thought a rest would do you good.” She according lost no time in telling the sisters her version of the affair. “I wouldn’t worry her about it my dears, if I were you,” she said. “I don’t want to worry anyone,” Biddy said bluntly. “What I do want to know is, and Maisie too, did Madge ask for the money ?” “No-o,” hestitated Aunt Hattie; “I can’t very well explain it, but she thought it advisable not to.” “Hem! ” grunted precocious Biddy, “very nicely worded Auntie, and if you wont tell you wont. The thing is, what are we going to do ? The money we must have and I don’t know of anyone who would cooly make us a present of it, without any security, beyond our unquestionable talents and good looks.” They had thought of every conceivable plan, and every day success seemed farther off. Madge in despair had written to Frank only to find he had mortgaged the farm and could raise no more money, and at present stood a good chance of having it put up at auction, and bought in for half its value by Akehurst, who had so long coveted it. It was a pitiful letter and it seemed to the girl that there was no hope of averting the ruin so surely approaching them all. She made little comment on the reply at home, merely stating that Frank had been compelled to mortgage Acland, else he would have raised money at once. Bonny Maisie all this time had said little about the difficulty, as was her habit when deeply moved, but had formed a plan from which at first the sensitive girl shrank in horror. Since her adventure at Glindon, Captain Loftus had never been mentioned by the squatter, even when his wife reading in a society paper of his departure by the mail boat for Europe had given her opinion of “gentry who came and ate and drank of the best and then disappeared without as much as a thank you, like a swell mobs- man who had stolen the silver.” Little did she dream how near her chance words hit the mark, and beyond an added kindliness when he addressed the young governess in the squatter’s manner, his reserved demeanor was unaltered. Maisie’s determination was to request an interview with Mr. Stewart Noel, ex- plain the strait she was in, and ask for the loan of the money. But as she candidly put it to herself, “I may ask for a loan but it amounts to this. Had it not been for the incident in the library I could never have the assurance to broach it, and no matter how I put it, it will appear in this wise, ‘I saved your life. Reward me for it by giving me five hundred pounds.’ It seemed a very simple matter involv- ing a plain yes or no, but no human being could realise what it meant to Maisie. Her face crimsoned at the thought, and day after day she delayed the unpleasant task, feeling, Micawber-like, that some- thing would turn up, but on Madge re- lating her want of success, she had made up her mind to speak to Mr. Stewart Noel next morning, and got the matter settled finally. Very little sleep got that night, and after a confidential talk with Biddy, they agreed to wait another day. Biddy could not comprehend why her sister should ask the squatter, being of course ignorant of the secret they shared, “You’re only inviting a polite snub, and most likely after your trifling request your services will be dispensed with,” she prophesised cheerfully. “ Wait till to- morrow and if nothing turns up, I'll take a trip to Narbethong and see old Pecksniff myself. I say Maisie,” she said suddenly, “what do you think is up between the old heathen and Madge ?” “ I don’t know,” Maisie replied ; “she looks so miserable as if she thinks wo are going to ask her.” The next morning while they were at breakfast, Bridget brought in a letter for Madge. She looked at it curiously, not knowing the writing, while Biddy sarcasti- cally observed, “If you looked inside, instead of out, your mystified expression might perhaps fade.” “Don’t tease, Biddy,” Aunt Hattie said gently, “I guess its from the Corporal,” re- marked Jack, as he regaled Mickey with toast crusts, “to say that Frank has eloped with a handsome lubra." “I’ll go and see if Ted will have some more coffee in the meantime,” Biddy said carelessly ; “if it’s a fortune left to you Madge, you can tell me when I come back.” She tripped off to the invalid, and when she returned Madge was white and trembling, Maisie and Aunt Hattie in tears, while Jack was perusing the mysterious letter with a puzzled ex- pression. Poor Biddy looked round with a sicken- ing heart, and thought, “What now trouble is it ?” She asked quietly, “what’s the matter, Madge ?” “ A letter from the manager of the Union Bank, Melbourne, to the effect that the sum of five hundred pounds had been placed to the credit of Miss Madge Nolan, and he awaited instructions.” “Whoever can have done it ?” exclaimed Jack. “There is but one person,” said Aunt Hattie in trembling tones, “Sir Silas.” “But he didn’t know,” Biddy said per- plexedly. “Nesta did,” Aunt Hattie said, “she was here the other day and Jack told her his difficulty “Then the mystery is solved,” Madge said; “God bless him for a kind true friend. At all events I will see the manager and he will enlighten me.” But she was mis- taken. The gentlemanly manager was urbanity itself, but was inflexible when questioned as to Madge's unknown friend. “I am not at liberty to divulge the name of the de- positor,” he explained to the agitated girl, “but you may rest assured Miss Nolan, that it is given freely and without re- striction. You would not be surprised if you knew. This person’s deeds of charity and benevolence are well known to the poor and needy of Melbourne.” What thankful hearts rested in Leyden street that night ! What a busy evening was spent discussing ways and means. Even Ted grew quite excited as he thought of his friend taking such a nice long voyage, for they had been warned by Dr. Kilroy not to let Jack know there was any treatment contemplated, and very re- bellious had the young man been when it was mooted. “It would look nice,” he said, “to see me landing off to Germany no less, after having been away from my work so long,” “and it had taken all Mark and Allan’s powers of persuasion to induce him to consent, but once won over, he looked forward to the trip with the delight of a schoolboy. As he had recovered his strength, he had dropped many of his eccentric crazes, and the invention was a thing of the past. A propensity to divert fron any topic and start one quite irrelevant greatly to the perplexity of strangers being his most striking peculiarity. His anger was roused to an ungovernable pitch at the first in- dication of Biddy’s literary aspirations, and to such extremities did he carry it, that she found it a hard matter to write a letter. It was with a feeling of relief that she viewed the proposed trip and Jack’s ultimate recovery. “It’s so hard,” she confided tearfully to the sympathetic Ted. “ I had started such a splendid tale. I used to lie awake all night and think it out, and then write next day for dear life, in case I should for- get. I used to lock it up so carefully, only to find it gone when I went back. This kept on for such a long time till I got so wicked and rebellious, and thought all sorts of hard cruel things about dear auntie, whom I blamed for it. One day I ran in a hurry to show Dr, Kilroy a clever bit, and, Ted dear, I saw Jack open my desk with a key of his own, take out the paper and lock the desk. I told him of it later and he said if he ever caught me thinking such trash, much less writing it, he’d get me put in a madhouse like other lunatics, and oh! Ted,” said poor Biddy, mid fast dropping tears, “I don’t like to tell Dr. Kilroy, but I'm positive Jack’s madder than ever. The life he led me when Auntie was up with you. I didn’t dare even write to her or he’d get in one of his fits of temper, like he did before, you recollect, and declare I was going mad. It’s so hard,” declared the would- be novelist weeping bitterly. “ By now I might have made a lot of money like Dickens, and Mrs. Woods and lots of others.” “It’s often that way,” her friend said in consoling tones ; "people that are not all there often think other people are mad. When he goes off to be cured you’ll be able to get ahead, and it'll be a surprise when he comes back.” “ That’s true,” assented Biddy, much consoled. In the meantime Madge reached Nar- bethong, and was ushered into the study where the philanthropist was busy writ- ing. He greeted her with his usual mixture of dignity and sauvity, and listened atten- tively while the agitated girl stammered forth her grateful thanks for the money. “It will give Jack more than life,” she concluded, “ his reason.” There was a long pause, after which Sir Silas said : “Miss Nolan, you arc laboring under a grave misapprehension, I did not send the money as I did not know you required it. In an emergency like the one just overcome I did think as Mr. Jack’s well wisher, you would have allowed me to step into the breach, but I trust it is far from my disposition to take credit for an act which was justly mine. Surely, Miss Nolan, you give me credit for a higher position in your regard, than to think any personal fooling would prevent me obliging a friend in a matter like this as I would the veriest stranger. I look on my wealth as a trust given to me by God, to alleviate the wants of my fellow creatures. I have my enemies no doubt. Christ himself had, but when I lay down the burden of this sinful life my highest praise will be the words, ‘Well done faithful servant’ from the Master I have striven to serve.” There were surely tears in his eyes, but beautiful as the sentiments were, Madge was too amazed and puzzled to take the words in season intended. Five hundred pounds and nobody appeared to have sent it that she know of ! Stay, there was Nesta ! Murmuring a few in- coherent words of explanation, Madge retired leaving the gentleman sitting with clasped hands and a benign smile on his face, quite oblivious of all earthly ideas. Miss Vincent greeted the girl with delight. “I have been thinking a lot of you all,” she said. “Fancy Jack coming back well again.” Madge went at once to the matter in hand, but the expression of blank surprise on Nesta’s face showed that she was again mistaken. “No, Madge dear,” she replied, “I am the daughter of a rich man, but of actual money I am as short as yourself. Nay, more so, as you can earn your living. Anything I can have, I wish for, but my father settles all the bills and I am rich when I possess a five pound note. Five hundred pounds !” she laughed bitterly ; “had I half that, I would not be long under this roof. I knew of Jack’s difficulty and last night prayed earnestly that assistance would come. It was my first prayer for a long time. To-night I say another. I’ll come and see you to-morrow,” Madge took her leave, and related her adventures to the folks at home, whose perplexity equalled her own. Little did they dream that the unknown friend was the mysterious sister to whom Maisie had confided the difficulty. However, Biddy practically suggested that having the money it would be as well to show their gratitude by making use of it as quickly as possible. In a very short time, for money has a wonderful faculty of expediting matters, the travellers were en route for Berlin, on the visit which promised so much to Jack Nolan's relatives. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 