,A PERILOUS TASK. It ia a popular belief thai there is no slave beneath the shadow of the British flag, bat, unfortunately, this idea is hardly borne oat by faotB. In our West African domains there are many slaves, right nnder the noso of Consnl and OomiQiaaionar, too, though generally their servitnde ia by no means severe the Governmont sees to that. As a rule, when, on extending anthority into new districts, the white officers find a man in the possession of several slaves, they leave him in peace, so long as the latter are not ill-used. It also happened not very long a?o, when the black trooka destroyed the stoekade of a robber-headman in the Oil Rivers, that the Oonanl allowed the friondly natives from the coast to appropriate for their own use the offender's slaves. This he did because he knew they would be muoh better off under his own eyes than in the power of the bash tyrants. Among the Niger ereeks, too children are a valuable asset, for their parents sell them oponly, and it would bo in teresting to know how many native wives some of the white traders have purchased at five pounds' worth of cloth a head. Now, the British Government winks at suoh things, for the simple reason that these slaves are secure from ill treatment or the risk of being sacrificed to Jn-Jn doTils, whilo beneath its pro tection ; but it has entirely suppressed the ahipment of black ivory abroad, and does what it can to put down the ex tensive traffic in human flosh, and the horrible midnight raids and village horn ing, which goes on to*d»y in the wild " hinteiland." There lies in the kingdom of Ashantee, beyond the swampy forest of the coast, a traot of dry country, covered with rustling plome grass, which was once the centre of much trade in the small African cattlo (tiny, cream-coloured beasts, like diminutive Alderneya), and also the fine native cloth, which comes from the looms of Kano, in the far-off Kausaa land. Of late, owing to the ex tension of traffic with the white men, the natives foand it more profitable to laid their weaker neighbours, and Bell them for slaves to chop mahogany and gather rubber for the traders of the hinter land. A little while ago.it occurred to the Gold Qoast authorities that it was time that kind of thing w«3 pnt a stop to, and accordingly a force of Hanaaas was sent up into this wild region. One scorching afternoon, the two white officers in charge of the detach ment lounged in monkey-skin chairs in the scanty ahade of sweeping palm branohea. The elder, Mr District Com missioner Howard, known to his friends as "Daisy Boll," leaned back against their basket-work hat, and his clothing consisted of gauzy pyjamas and native slippers. He would havo dispensed witli the latter, too, bat for fear of the loot-boring jigger insect, for ho was npt a man of conventional ideas. The other was a lieutenant lately from England, clad in all tho finery of Kahki uniform, snowy pith helmet, and plated buttons, who had a firm belief in his own ability to set things straight gecerally in the hinterland-once he got the ehanco. A wiser man wonld havo known better, for Nature ia too strong for the European in West Africa, and the negro ia case hardened against a hasty civilisation. Presently, Lieutenant St. John broke the eilence. " Oan we do nothing to pat down the abominable raids," he said, " two caravans driven off to Dahomey in a month-it's a disgrace to civilisa ation." Commissioner Howard yawned as he . answered :-u Softly, 5 softly, man catch monkey," is a good proverb. We can't ' taokle Gwelo unleaa we can catch him with alavea in hia hands-and he is too knowing for that. Besides, the Gov ernor's ordera are that there mu9t be no bloodshed, and hia place ia a strong one. Look at it." The Lieutenant turned his eyes north ward across tlie yellow waves of rippling plume graaa, over which there quivered a danoing haze, and saw a lonely, flat topped mountain, rising "abruptly from the plain-a patch of dnsky purple against the aznre heavens. Then a houae challenge in the Hauaga tongue rang out through the quivering heat; there was a rattle of arms in the cool shade of the palms, and two tall soldiers, with fear and disgust written upon their ebony faces, came forward, while before them walked a decrepit negro, old and withered, the dried entrails of goats twisted round hia waist, and strings of charms about hia naked body. "A repulsive object," said the Lieu tenant, sniffiagjjind he was right; but Commissioner Howard whistled softly, and observed, " Gwelo'a Ju-Ju man the Fetish priest turned Queen's evidence. We'll hear something now." After the usual greetings, the Ju-Ju man squatted down in the hot dust of tho compound, and, working hia jigger eaten feet into the red powder, told hia story in a whining voice. The District Commissioner and the Hauasaa gathered the gist of the matter between them, while the Lieutenant, who understood no words, looked blankly on until the older man turned languidly towards him. " It's an interesting story," he said. "Spiritual and temporal powera of Gwelo town at loggerheads, and the spiritual aide gives the other fellow clean away. Gwelo thinks tho Fetish men are getting too rich, and comforted by what a missionary told him about the limited power of tho evil one, has done a kind of Henry the Eighth trick, and confiscated their hoards. They don't like it, so the great high priest bf tho Ju-Ju devils has come to Bay that Gwelo haa a big caravan .©I slaves on tho; mountain, and that ho can .show ua a hidden path. There'll ba fan to night,'1 and the Commissioner chuckled. Then he added: " I suppose yon are not afraid of ghosts ?" " What foolery ia this ?'' was the answer, and tbo Commissioner laughed again as he said : " There are unlimited ghosts in Africa, ghosts of men, cattle and goatB, ghosts of poisoned arrows and spears, and legions of evil spirits. Anyway, it's rather a ghostly place, I believe." Afterwards he spoke sharply in the HauBsa tongue," Take him away, sergeant, and feed him. Every man nnder arms ia two hoars." Late that night half a company of Haussaa straggled oat of the plume grass, and oast themselves down, pant ing, .upon a shelf of rook which over looked a deop ravine. The perspiration streamed into the Lieutenant's eyes, and his smart tunic was stained with the acrid, yellow dust of the grass plumos, which smarted eyes and nostrils intoler ably. His bands were slashed by the saw- edges of the whitening blades j nnd he began to realise that setting things Straight in West Afriea was neither an easy nor a pleasant process. A nauseat ing odour ro^e out of the blaolc ravine, while upon its farther side the Gwelo mountain rose'dark, and shadowy over head. Commissioner Bell aald'wicked things abont the beat, then, ha drew out,his bis revolver, and Oflte^UtiQMaly loaded every chamber before tho Ju-Ju man's oyes. Languid as he Boomed, there were few men, black or white, who could over rcaoh the Commissioner, and ho had n way of always turning up where most wanted. Then he gave the order, " Maroh ; any man who fires a shot deals with me," and with a Hansen bayonet on either side, and the Commissioner's revolver at the back of his head, the Ju-Ju man led the way down a winding path. When they reached the bottom it was pitchy | dark, and a clammy miat filled all the i pit-like hollow, a faint phosphorescence gloaming hero and there among the wet grasses. There was no sound to break the stillness, until, with their fingora tightening on the rifla stocks, tho Hausaas moved forward, and then a harsh "crunch-crunch," and a sharp snapping of something dry and brittle, rose out of tho mist, and presently Lieutenant- St. John felta ohoking in his throat and faltered in his stride. " Hold up ; for Heaven's sake don't break down. It's only the damp and the smell, Here, take a pull at this. Down with it, quiok," said Commis sioner Howard, handing a brandy flask to his shaking comrade; and the latter gasped, " Thanks, I'm bettor now. Pah! Let's get out of this awful stench. Where are we, anyway, and what's all that blue, shimmering ?" Meantime the Hauaaaa had halted as though by uo means anxious to go on, and the Commissioner raiBcd his voice a little, " Forward there. Are the Moslems afraid of dead heathen ?" he said sternly, and turning to hia com panion, added, "We're apparently in the Gwelo cemetcry or something very like it. Elementary funerals here. They tip the doparted over the oliff, though there are places whore they eat him." Tho troops went ahead again, while Commissioner Howard swore,hard tinder his breath, for the valley Aoemed filled with tho loud crackling, and every now and then a Haussa tripped up, and went down with a rattlo of arms, full length in tho tangled, wet grass, from which he emerged shivering and shaking. At last, just as they neared tho steep, tree-olad ascent, whioh rose above them, Lieutenant St. John trod upon some thing Boft, which yielded benoath his feet, end turned deadly sick as he >harried away. Then thoy climbed up wards into the murky blackness beneath groves of paw-paw trees and cdtton woods until the foul odours of the demh valley grew fainter, and the fragranoe of acacia flowers filled the air. Presently the soft tread in front ceased, the Haussaa came to a standstill, and the whito men harrying forward saw two tail wanda setup on either side of the path, decorated with tassels of ourions charms. " Great is the magic of the heathen. Even the Moslem dare not pa3ihere,"j said Commissioner Howard, -"-Every man to his trade. Bring up Mephis topheles, yonder." The Ja-Ju man advanced towards tha staves with an ngly smile upon his face, and muttering some incantation, held up his arms while the troops passed, the Haussus casting uneasy glances over their shoulder aB | they went by clenching their rifles. j A little later the Lieutenant sprang aside, for something whistled eut of the bashand sang past his head, and next moment a light-shafted spear struck quivering in a paw-paw trunk. The eight of a tangible weapon and certain danger aoted like a tonio on the white man, and shaking off the vague, half fluperstitions dread whioh had crushed down his courage, he drew tho weapon forth, aaying sarcastically, " This ia the ghost of a spear, I suppose." " No," answered Commissioner Bell, lingering the blade, " very real steel this time, and poisoned, .too; but if that fellow gets away iVf all up with our raid. Don't shoot, for your life," and he grasped hia comrade's arm as the latter pointed hia revolver towards the bush where there was a faint rustliopf. The officer shook off hia grasp, and wonld have bounded into the shadows, for he grew quite hot with indignation at this cold-blooded attempt upon hia life ; but the Commissioner's fingers gripped his collar, and ho heard a stern voice say, " Be still, you madman. Do you want to bring the whole place about our ears P He will hardly eacape the Haussas." So for a space they waited, breathing hard, and listening to the crackling of undergrowth and rattle of palm branches, while the Ju-Ju man in the iroa grip of two soldiers, and the Commissioner's teeth met as he wondered if the Feddah had betrayed them, It would have gone very hard with him if he had. Then a faint cry came out of the blackness, followed by a breaking of bushes, and the two white men ran forward until they saw a Haussa in a desperate struggle with a naked negro* The Com missioner's revolver butt fell like a sledge hammer upon tho black forehoad and the man dropped with a moan, while the Haussa straightened his back and gasped for breath, after whioh he pro ceeded to bind the hands and feet of his prostrate foe with hia own waistoloth torn into strips for the purpose, reviling him for an accuraod heathen meantime, "Ju-Ju novice, out of harm's way now. Stuff his month with palm leaves," said the Commissioner, and again the j maroh went on. i " Gwelo is not so clever as ha thinks," said tho Commissioner as they hAltwl f or breath later on beneath the mailing branohea of a palm. " The joke of the matter ia that he haa doubtless armed sentries and a nice little ambush and! barbed epeara prepared for anyone who approaches his front door, This path is evidently only used by the Ju-Ju priests when thay descend to the cemetery for some ghastly purpose of their -" He broke off suddonly, for there waa a clattering overhead, and a long, sinuous object, gleaming aven in the blackness, slid down the carving fronds of the palm, and fell at the Lieutenant's feet. Then there was an an*?ry hiss, and Com missioner Howard said hoarsely, "Don't stir if you value your life." A rifle butt came down with a doll thud, and the white man sprang aside from something writhing in the leaves. Presently stoop ing down he made oat a big snake lying before him with a broken back, while a Haussa, robbing bid Snider heel-plate in the mould, said in the vernacular, " No j man may escape his fate, but tbe officer man was very near his death this night," Aa they moved away Lieatenant St. John felt that a little of this kind of thing would go a very long way ; then he turned round, for he heard a sound of dull blows, and saw a group of ebadowy forms dancing like pigmies around the reptile. " Only blank monkeys," observed the Commissioner. " There's war to the end between the monkey tribes and the snakes. They are taking it out .of him now ha'* helpless. I've seen human beings do the same." Eventually, worn onfc, dripping with perspiration, and drenched with fl«w, the little band oame oat upon the flat top of the hill, and at a low orJpr sank down behind festoons of trailing creepers on a low ridge which com manded the village. Before them lay a narrow strip of olearing, and behind it the black outline of a stockade. There was a dry rustle of palm fronds over head, and from beyond the barrier rose the monotonous '. tap-tap" of a monkey skia dram and the croon of a mournful ohorus, while at intervals a flickering light rpoved from hut to hat. "We must wait a while. They're sure to got up some kind of a feast to celebrate the raid, and that's always held in the dark. When they're atupid with palm wine we'll seize the gate," said tbe Commissioner softly, after con sulting with the Ju-Ju man, and silence Bottled down. Presently a woman lifted up ber voice in a long, eerie wail, and Lieatenant St. John shuddered as ho lis tened. u The death howl; her hus band's dead," said the Commissioner softly. Afterwards ehrieka of pain and the sharp craoking of glaaa-edged whips of manatee hide rang out through the steamy darkness, and the Commissioner ground his teeth as he listened to the oriea of tho unfortu nate slaves. When the sound died away the red glow of a fire blazed up in front of a hu?e baaket- work house, and a hideous din of native drums rose into tho air, followod by a full-throated and by no means unmusical chorus ; and the Commissioner smiled grimly. He knew that inside the chief's house headman Gwelo was making himself drunk among his guests with Jumbo wine, and that^ presently he would mock at the British Government and revile the name of the 4Wbite Queen, ignorant of the fact her hand was already lifted to orush him. Confound them," said Commis sioner Howard, softly but vioiously, fihaking the heavy dew from his thin jacket. ^" I'll be down again with fever after this.^ Why those brutea always feast at night I don't know, any more than I do how to get in, and Apollyon here oan't tell me either. We could storm the place, bat then someone would get themselves killed, and the Governor would talk. It's .a case of ' aoffly aoffly' again." Another burst of fierce merriment rang out, mixed .with drunken ehonts, and so, heeding not the 'handwriting npon the wall, Chief Gwelo, like Bcl shazzar of old, held ,hii?h festival and boasted before his gupate, knowing* not that the enemy wore already about his gates, and that he won d ba sternly called to acconnt for the innoonnt bloo < that he had shed. Meantime the two white officers and the Hausaaa lay still | as^ tho dead among tin undergrowth, [ drinking in germs of disease with every breath of reeking miasma, wi'h the I Ju-Ju man among them, the Commis sioner's revolver muaale a foot from his breast. Then a gate creaked noisily in the. rear of the village, and four dark figures came fortb, the flickering glow of a torch falling upon something long and heavy they carried between them. They halted on the verge of a cliff which overhung the valley, the light shone full upon the rigid figure of ,a dead negro, and again the Lientonant shuddered. A hoarse voice cried aloud, there was a swaying of shoulders, followed by a sickening thud far below, and the torob went out suddenly. The Ju-Ja man rose to his feet, and, whispering to the Commisaioner, went forward alone. When ho:had a start the little party crept out into the clear ing, and, while some moved like flitting ghosts towards the .main entrance, .which was not the one that Jay nearest, the rest followed in hisstepe, keeping! carefully in the loom of the palma. | Then five men moved from the cliff side towards tho opened gate, and Commis sioner Howard gnawed his moustache aa halting in tbe shadows he wondered whether the wily Feddah had duped him after all. A moment later there was a sharp challenge from the gateway, and by the smoky glare of a toroh the white men saw the Fetish prieat waving the sen tries imperiously aside. The men hesi tated. Chief Gwelo's orders were sharp and stern, and they knew he visited his displeasure upon the disobedient with keen ateel and scorching flame, bufc they feared the Ju-Ja devils oven more than Gwelo, and the gate was opened wide. Lieutenant St. John caught his breath as he waited for what would hap pen, until a low whistle sounded, and he heard his comrade shouting hoarsely in the Haassa tongue, and there was a rash of many feat towards the gate. Next moment he was through the stock, ado, and charging down the main stieet of the village, revolver in hand, among the bayonets, tbe ^ Shantis flying wildly before them, until again there waa a sharp order, and, while half the men faced outwards with rifles at the ready, the rest spread a shining arc of steel about the doorway of the Chief's house. A mocking voice rose above tbe cries of the villagers, « Come forth, Gwelo the Great," and the redoubtable raider lurched drankanly forward, shouting with rago at the sight of the exultant foe. Looking stupidly about in search | of a weapoB,-and finding noun, be etag gered forward, rt&stl; would haye leap' upon the bayonets to graap at hia be* trayer. A HausBa sergeant called, " Slay him not; emite with the butt," and a, private aw.ung hia snider by the muBssle, and striking the headman acroaa the shins, a negro's vulnerable point, tho big warrior went down head foremost |within a foot of the shining steel. Then, as the slave raider and dealers came oat one by one, the Government interpreter proclaimed aloud that after five minutes' grace every man seen with arms in hia hands wonld be shot, and, ?furthermore, that the town would be fired if they did not deposit their wea pons before the white men in that time. 80, finding ,jno escape, for there was a guard at both gates, the Gwelo people yielded with the best grace they could, and thus, without the spilling of a drop of blood, the raider was taken red handed. Early next morning, leaving a pile of snapped spears and broken flintlock guna behind them, the troops marched south, convoying the liberated slave*. Gwelo is in duranae vile, and it will be long ere he raids the hinterland again, while the Ju-Ja man, wbo wa-f prevailed upon to Tisit Accra as a curiosity, re ceived a liberal rowar;, and then, after attempting to poison a sick official, who was foolish enough to test his powers fled suddenly by night, ami his where abouts are unknown,. Probably he did uot return to Gwelo for urgent reasons Commissioner Howard smiles his usual languid smile aa he tells tho story, but the heathen 0! the Hinterland now neat the warning of that officer with much consideration, and are no wine eager to incur the wrath of the White Queqn. ' 