[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By Rita. Author of "Peg thE Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It," "A Husband of No Importance, "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.;' [COPYRIGHT.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS I. and II.—The story opens a London hospital, where Nellie Nugent, a young Irish girl, is entering upon her novi- tiate as a hospital nurse. Her first patient is a young man suffering from enteric fever, whom Nellie under the superintendence of Nurse Gray, an enthusiast in her profession, who has taken a strong liking to the girl, nurses to recovery. He is a gentleman by education, a journalist by profession, but unsuccessful in life, homeless, and friendless. Nellie is very anxious as to what will become of Dick Barrymore, when he leaves the hospital, but Nurse Gray tells her that troubling herself about the future of dis- charged patients is a habit she must at once get rid of. CHAPTERS III. and IV.—In a month Dick Barrymore is convalescent and pronounced fit to leave the hospital. Through the interest of his young nurse, whose brother is sub- editor of an Irish newspaper, he is going to Dublin to fill a vacancy on the reporting staff. The day before his departure, however, a wealthy uncle from Colorado turns up unex- pectedly, who it much touched by the emaciated appearance and distressful circum- stances of his nephew, and filled with remorse for having broken the promise made to the lad's mother to look after him. To atone tor past neglect, he proposes to adopt Dick as his heir, and, leaving a handsome cheque for the benefit of the hospital funds, takes him away, intending to try what foreign travel will do for the restoration of his health. Before going, Dick asks Nellie for permission to write to her. CHAPTER VII.—(Continued.) 'OH, I am so happy! So happy!' cried the girl at last, lifting her radiant eyes to the quiet face beside her. 'One is glad to be alive, to be human in such a scene as this. Debbie, why don't you speak? Can't you get up a little enthusiasm, for once?' 'Perhaps I feel it as strongly as you do, Nell, but I can't express it. One often feels that words have at poverty- stricken effect when one is very deeply moved. So I take refuge in silence.' 'But you are not disappointed? You are glad you came?' 'More glad than I can tell you.' 'And for two long, lovely weeks we shall look at this!' continued Nell. 'Feast our eyes and senses to our hearts' content. I wonder what sort of people are staying here,' she added suddenly. 'I heard the voice of an American cousin in the porch. I hope she won't want to know us. I believe Americans always do want to know everybody, though, when they're travelling.' 'Oh, we can easily avoid them,' said Deborah Gray, as she left the window and went over to the toilet table to remove her hat. She had left her nursing dress behind her, and Nell thought she did not look nearly as well in orthodox travelling gear. The girl still hung out of the window, unable to tear herself from the lovely view. She did not mind, being hot or dusty, or remember that they had had a long day's travelling on no bettwr pro- visions than a few sandwiches and a glass of lemonade. Food seemed a course and commonplace thing beside this changeful splendour of the mountains, this opal light on the stirless waters, this fragrant dusk of woods that held all the breath and beauty of summer in their leafy depths. 'I don't want to disturb you,' said Deborah Gray, at last. 'But may I ask if you intend to dine off a view to- night? The table d'hote is long over, but I must remind you that a cold chicken and accessories are awaiting us in the dining-room.' Nell gave a long sigh and left the window. 'Oh, dear, you are quite ready,' she exclaimed, as she noted Deborah's neatly-coiled hair and clean collar, and the fresh tints that cold water and soap had given to her dusky face. 'Of course, I am,' laughed Deborah, 'and you, I see, have got out of all your good habits already.' 'I won't be five minutes, really,' said Nell, 'and I'll make you a present of them. So go to the window, and thank the gods you have eyes to see and a heart to appreciate such a scene.' 'All the same, I am very hungry,' said Deborah, with a smile. 'Goth and Vandal! Why, the very thought of eating is a sacrilege!' 'I am afraid the hotel would fare badly if everyone who came here shared that opinion,' said Deborah Gray. Yet, for all her jesting, she appre- ciated the beauty before her as keenly as Nell herself. The first flash and brilliance of the sunset were fading now. The mountains had a warm, violet tint that deepened and changed to brown as the twilight shadows crept down the rocky slopes. The steep pathways were bordered with geraniums and wild fuchsia, and the lovely coral blossoms of the escallonia. A stretch of green lawn fronted the building, on which some cows were grazing. From below came the sound of voices, the bark of a dog, a ripple of girlish laughter. Figures passed to and fro, under the trees, discussing plans for the morrow. It was an idyllic scene. Deborah Gray knew that in her chamber of memories none half so lovely or so full of restful peace had ever found a place. When Nell, had washed the dust of the journey from her face and hands, and smoothed her ruddy chestnut hair, they went down into the dining-room. A considerate waiter had laid a table for two in a window recess that looked out on to the garden. The window stood open, the soft, balmy air blew in, laden with the breath of aromatic shrubs. A shaded lamp threw a rosy tinge on the white cloth and on the flowers in their slender glasses, on the dainty arrangements which made even fowl and salad, and bread and fruit look more poetic than mere food often does. There was no one else in the dining- room. They ate, and drank, and chatted, and laughed over the incidents of the journey with a sense of perfect freedom and perfect enjoyment. After all, there are things in a girl's life which a man would only spoil for her. That sense of utter unconcern, of heart- whole enjoyment, of perfect con- tent with the hour, and what it brings. These were Nell's own, at last. She acknowledged to herself they were good and desirable things, and that she was the better for their possession. When they had finished their meal they went out, and found a path that led them to the water's edge. The fairy islands lay before them, sleeping under the liquid gleam of moonlight. The splash of the ebbing tide on the pebbly strand was the only sound in the perfect stillness. They seated themselves on the bank, where the great tree roots had made a natural seat. It was not a time to speak. It was just one of those blessed restful pauses that fate vouchsafes some- times to tired mortals. These two women had known what it was to be tired—very, very tired. They acknowledged in this moment that it was worth while to have known and suffered for that feeling. How could they so well appreciate the present peace were it not for past toil? It might have been a long or short time they had sat there, saying nothing, only dreaming and resting as the quiet stars came out in clustering group's, and the moonlight grew slowly brighter above the purple blackness of the moun- tains. In such a moment one takes no count of passing moments. It is enough just to be and to dream. A step, causing the dry twigs and uneven stones on the path behind them, roused them at last. Their solitude was to be disturbed evidently. They sat still; their dark blue linen dresses were not distinguishable from the bracken and undergrowth; their hats lay on their laps. The step came steadily on. There was a sound of soft whistling, and a light cane idly switched the low- stretching boughs on either side. Then a man came suddenly upon those two still figures, so suddenly that his foot trod on Noll's skirt before he even saw there was a woman's dress in his way. "He stopped short with a murmured apology. Nell glanced up, and a gleam of moonlight fell on her uncovered head, and lit up the blue eyes beneath their delicate arched brows. There was a faint cry of wonder—an exclamation—and then she sprang to her feet. The stranger was Dick Barrymore. He recognised her in a moment, though it was the first time he had seen her without the nurse's cap covering her pretty chestnut hair. As they shook hands, and uttered "wonders" at so strange a meeting, Deborah Gray also rose to meet him. Then came the in- evitable and commonplace explanations. It appeared that Dick and his uncle were staying at Killarney, but had come up to Glengariff for a couple of days, having heard that it was so ex- pected of the tourist. They had been "doing Ireland" for the last two months, beginning at the Giant's Cause- way, and so working on to the south and south-west coast. After that explanation there was a little embarrassed silence while they mentally studied each other under the clear moon rays and noted the changes that these past months had made. Dick had certainly altered for the better. His face had recovered colour and flesh; the fair hair curled close about his temples, and the soft, thick moustache set off the somewhat stern mouth and sharply-cut features. The well moulded chin was no longer dis- figured by a beard, as when Noll had last seen it. His figure was well clad, and he carried himself with the ease and grace of recovered strength. She forgot her embarrassment as she made mental notes of those improvements, and spoke of the change with candid approval. 'And you? ' he said. 'Are you still in the hospital?' 'Oh, no, I have left,' said Nell. 'They said I was not strong enough for the work, so I am taking a rest. My friend, Miss Gray, is paying her respects to my country for the first time, and we have come here for our holiday. Isn't it strange that we should all have met again—and in such a manner?' 'It is strange,' he said, 'but very pleasant. I have often hoped to see you again, Miss Nugent. I—I often wondered if you got my letter.' 'Oh, yes,' she said, 'I got it.' 'You never answered it,' he said, re- proachfully, and in a slightly lowered voice. 'I was very busy,' she said, 'at the time. The ward was full, and they were all bad cases. Besides, I did not think you would care to hear. There was nothing to interest you in what I could write.' He was silent, but his eyes took up| the reproach of his voice, and Deborah Gray, suddenly felt herself reminded of an old proverb, respecting the one too many.' 'And so you are staying here,' he went on, presently. 'At Roche's, I suppose. We are at the other one, lower down. My uncle would go there, though I wanted him to come here. It has such a lovely situation. Eccles is on the road. It is supposed to be the crack, hotel, and my uncle has a weakness for "crack hotels." In that respect he is quite American. For my part I would always avoid them. They mean high charges, crowds, and inattention.' He was talking now for the sake of talking, conscious all the time of the slight figure so close to him, of the large soft, eyes that rested on his face, of every movement of the small restless hands, swaying the white sailor hat to and fro by its elastic fastening. He had never known how much he had longed to see her again until this sudden meeting. The feeling which swept over him was one that her near- ness and her laughing speeches intensi- fied each moment. She looked so small and delicate and fragile in this pale light that his heart seemed to go out and gather her up in a warm protecting embrace, as one would gather a child in one's arms who was lonely and troubled and unloved. 'I think,' he said at last, 'you must have needed a holiday. You are very much changed.' 'I wonder what you would have said if you had seen me when I left the hospital?' laughed Nell. 'My brother thought it was my ghost when he saw me coming off the steamer. But now I am quite strong and well. I don't need any pity, I assure you.' There was another pause, and Deborah Gray came to the rescue and suggested it was getting late and they ought to be returning. 'It is cruel to shut oneself out from such a lovely night and scene,' pouted Nell; but, all the same, she turned, and he with them, and they walked slowly up the steep path and through the wooded grounds until the lights from the hotel came into view. Dick Barrymore felt he had no excuse for lingering. He stood—where his own road branched off—half afraid of the question trembling on his lips. Nell took it off for him quite naturally, with a careless grace that made it seem a very ordinary one indeed. 'I suppose we shall see you again,' she said, 'as we are fellow-travellers, and so near one another. I have a longing to be on the water, to float all day among those islands. I suppose it is to be managed.' 'Certainly,' he said with surprising eagerness. 'It is our programme also for to-morrow. Would you object to sharing our boat with us. We have an excellent man; he knows every place and point of interest about?' 'We pride ourselves on our indepen- dence,' said Nell; 'but we may as well waive objections for once. What say you, Debbie?' And Debbie smiled, and said exactly what was expected of her. CHAPTER VIII. There was not a very prolonged dis- cussion between the two friends re- specting this meeting, even though there was every temptation afforded it by that sharing of the same room, and that quarter of an hour of hair-brushing which is so conducive to feminine con- fidence. But Deborah Gray was a wise woman in her way. She let Nell say just as much as she pleased, and made very few comments herself. All the same she foresaw that this expected holiday would be shared by a third person, and its hours engrossed by a new claimant for Nell's attention. Still, she had come out to enjoy it, and she meant to do so, even if the proverb of which she had already been reminded were verified. So she laid her head on her pillow and looked at Nell in her little white bed opposite, and smiled the smile of one who knows life and the ways of women, and closed her eyes in satisfied drowsiness, and slept as she had rarely slept for many a month. They had promised each other to wake early and be out and down to the waterside before breakfast, but when Nell did wake she saw the blind sway- ing up and down to the persuasion of a gusty, chilling wind, that swept in through the open window, and her dis- mayed glance as she pulled it aside took in a changed and most melancholy scene. The mountain tops were shrouded in gray mist, the sky was gray, the atmosphere was gray, the trees stood out in blurred masses, their branches weighed down by heavy moisture. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 