TIE U.S. AMBASSADOR. * ? ? ?^jajajw ONCERNING Colonel Hay, \ -ggg^^ the new U.S. Ambassador ' Jww£^^s|i to England, and his works, ' f4!^ Professor Henry . Morley €?y some time ago wrote : ^VKVifrSl 'Pike County Ballads' ' 4 *$-? SiSM and other poems in tihis j A&ty;&J;) volume, by Colonel John J/rtt-v%-iL Hay. represent in the best manner the spirit of our strong and -independent sister-land across the «- At lantic. ' Pike County Ballads' do full justice to the raw material in the United States, and show a loyal temper in the rough. The other pieces show how the love of freedom speaks through finer spirits of the land, and dealing with realities can turn a life of action into music. Colonel Hay has lived always in vigorous rela tion with the full -life of the people whose best minds his poems represent. He is descended from a Scottish soldier, a John Hay, who at the begin ning of the last century left his country to take service under Elector Palatine, and whose son went afterwards -wfth Ms family to settle among the Ken tucky pioneers. Dr. Charles Hay. was the father of John Hay' the poet, who was. born on October S, 1 1838, in the heart of the United States, at Salem, i in Indiana. . When 20 years old he graduated at the neighborin Brown University, . where his fellow studenits 'valued his skill as a writer. Then he studied for the bar, and he was called to the bar three years later, at Springfield, Illinois. At Springfield Abraham Lincoln practised as a barrister; shrewd, lively, earnest, honest, he grudged help to a rogue. In a criminal case, when evi dence threw unexpected light upon a client's charac ter, Abraham Lincoln said suddenly to his junior, 'Swett, the man is guilty, you defend him, I can't.' In another case, -when a piece of evidence of rascality ih his client came out, Abraham Lincoln left his junior- in- possession of the case and' went to his hotel. . To the judges who sent for him, he replied ' that he had found his hands were very dirty, and had gone- away, to get. them clean. . Almost imme diately after John Hay's call to the bar at Spring field,: he .was /chosen by Abraham Lincoln, newly made President, to go -with aim to Washington. At Washington .Hay acted aa assistant secretary, and was also;i;*ln; the Civil War, aide-de-camp to ^President Lincoln. . Throughout that mo mentous - straggle^ he . -was actively employed on the side of the North at the head quarters, and on the field of battle. He served for a time under Generals Hunter- and Gillmore, became, a. colonel in the army of .the North, and eerr ed;alaa. as ? Assistant Adjutant-General. .: ~ John Hay had' in that struggle -three ' brothers and two brothers-in-law serving also in the ,field. / In . 1890 there was published, in ten volumes, at 'New Tork; ;by She1: New' York Century Gompany, 'Abraham Lincoln : a History: By , John G. Nicolay and 'John Hay.' ; This was, with fresh material inserted, a collection of chapters that bad been published'- in~' the ''Century; Magazine' from Ndveiri ber, .1886, to. the beginning;'oT l?90.:, : The friends who worked equally together lipori :ihis large re cprdj^aid, 'We knew Mr. Ifineoln Intimately bsflofe hte election^ to the Presidency. * We\ came; from. Illinois to Washington with ton, end remained at his side and in his service, separately or together, until the day of his death.' . Abroad, as at home, ? Colonel Hay has been ac tive in the service of his country. In 1865 he went to Paris as Secretary of legation, and after remain ing two years in that office be went as Charge d' Affaires for the United States to Vienna. After a year at Vienna, Colonel Hey went to Madrid as Secretary of Legation, under General Daniel Sickles. In 1870 he returned to the Unitea States, ana was for the next five years an editorial writer for the ' New York Tribune.' During seven months, when Whitelaw Reia was in Europe, Colonel Hay was editor in chief. It was for 'Hhe Tribune' that Hay wrote 'The Pike County Ballads,' which trere first reprinted separately in 1871; and are plac ed first in the collection of hie poems. In the same year he published his 'Castilian Days,' in- j spired by residence in Spain. - . . I In 1876 Colonel Hay removed from New York to Cleveland, Ohio. He then ceased to. take part in the editing of 'The Tribune,' but continued friend ly service as a 'writer. From 1879 to 1881 Colonel Hay served under President Hayes as Assistant Secretary of State in the Government of tine United Sates. In 1881 he was President of the United States International Sanitary Congress at Washing ton. ' Since that time he has been active, with John G. Nieolay, in. the preparation .and produc tion of the full memoir of Abraham Lincoln, now completed, that will take high rank among the re cords of a war which, in its issues, touched the fu ture of the world perhaps more -nearly than any war* since Waterloo, not ? even excepting the great struggle which ended at Sedan. That Is the life of a man; here is its music as represented by the best known of the 'Pike County Ballads,' JIM BLTJDSO, . of the 'Prairie Belle.' ?Wall, no, I can't tell whar. .he lives. Because he don't live, you see; ?u-=cbo*.«v ? ?~. lie i- &vii; vul vj. Luc uaLUlt. Of 1U\ -ke you or me. ? . ?'?'?''. Whar Lt ou been fqr-the last three year. -'?*' That y, = ^aven't heard folks tell How Jimr. Bludso passed in his checks The night of the Prairie Bell. He weren't tio saint,. them engineers Is all pretty much 'alike, ' . . - One wife In Natchez-under-the-HUl, And another one here, .'in Pike; A keerless . man In his talk was Jim, And an awkwara hand in. a row/. But he never funked, and he never lied — I reckon he never knbwed.how. And this was all the religion he had To treat his engine. well; '1 Never he passed on the river; ' To mind the pilot's bell; ' .' And if ever the Prairie Belle took' fire, A thousand times he swore He'd hold her nozzle agin. the bank Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the- Mississlp, And her day come at last;- ???; . - ?- ',;Lji The Movastar was a tietter . boat, : - 'Q*\\*: But the Belle she wouldn't be -passed. And so on she come tearin': along that night, \- The oldest craft on the' line, ? - With a nigger squat on. her. safety valve, And her furnace .crammed, rosin and pine. The fire bust out as she cleared the bar, And burnt a hole In the night; - ? And quick as a flash she turned, ? and made For. that ?wilier bank on the. right.- There was runhln' and. cursing but Jim yelled out Over all the infernal xoar;'j . ' «? .' ' *TU hold her nozzle agin'., the 'bank Till the last galoot's ashore,' ?-_? ' Through the hot, black breath of the'burnln* boat - Jim Bludso' s voice was heard, , ; - And they all had . trust vin, his eUEEedness, And knbw'd he would, keep his -word. And, sure'E you're' bQrn,ri.tiiey: all' gist oil Afore the smoke stacks fell ;.?'''. And Bludso's ghostTCent. up .-alone . In the smoke of the Prairie Belle.; .' ' .\ He weren't no saint,. tut'- at .jedgznent ??_? I'd run. my chance -with -Jim,' . 'Longside of some pious gentlemen - - That' wouln't shook hands with him; ? ' He seen his duty, a dead sure thing. And went for it thar and. then; And Christ ain't agoing to be too hard On a man that died for men. WTTLE BREECHES* '- I don't go much oh religion, T ?:., ,.. . ' f r never -ain't ~had.no shbwi ':[ -.'?'- - . ButrveBot*iniadlirir^KtjerIp.-'sfr, ' ? T ? On thejhandfid o': thingB'I know. . -? ? . I doh't-pan:oiit «n the prophets -: ? ' '-? ' ' x , And freewill, and that eort of thing; ,. But Z believe la God and the Angela, . Ever sence one night last spring. ^ I come into town with some turnips,' '' And my little Gabe came along, ,*'.'' '~ ' No four-year-old in the county ?.?'-,' ', ,„ : Could beat him for pretty arid^tron&j;! '? . Peart and chipper and sassy, O' i ' Always ready to swear and fight. ?' ?.. -. And I'd larnt him to chew terbacker. Jest to keep his milk-teeth white. The snow came down like a blanket As '1 passed by Taggart's store; I went in for a jug of molasses, And left the team at the door. ? They scared at something and. started, ? - I heard one little squall. And hell-to- split over the prairie Went team. Little Breeches and all.. - - . ? . Hell-to- split over the prairie . ? . I was almost froze with skeer;- . ' But we rousted up some torches, , ' ? And searched for 'em far and near.' -' ' At last we struck hosses and waggon, Snowed under a soft white mound, TJpsot. dead beat, but of little Gabe No hide nor hair was found. And here all hope soured on me Of my fellow-critters' aid: . I jest flopped down on my marrow- bones. Crotch- deep in the snow, and prayed. ? ? * * By this, the torches was played out, And me and l«rul Parr ?Went OTC for some wood to a sheep fold. That he said 'Was somewhar thar. We found it at last, and a little shed Where they shut up the lambs at night. We looked in and seen them huddled thar So warm and sleepy and white; ' ? And thar sot Little Breeches and chirped, As peart as ever you see: ? ' VI want a chaw of terbacker, ' And that's what's the matter of me.' How did he git thar? Angels! He could never have walked in that stozmv They jest scooped down and toted him To whar it was safe and warm. And I think that saving a little ehUd* ' , And fotching him to his own. Is a denied sight better business Than loafing around the Throne. BANTT TIM. Remarks of Sergeant Tilinon-Joy to the white- Biaa't' Otnmittee of Spunky Point, Illinois: — Preekon I git your drift, gents, TTou .'low the boy sha'n't stay; This is a white man's country, - You're Dimocrats, you say; And whereas, and seem', and wherefor* The times beta' all out o' j'int, The nigger has got to mosey From the limits of Spunky P'int! ;T. Let's reason the thing a miuute: Y'S I'm and old-fashioned dimocrat, Jtoo/ ? Though I laid my politics out o' the -fray: For to keep till the war was through. But I come back here, allowin' To. vote as I used to do. Though it gravels me like the devil to traJa Along o' sich fools as you. Now dog my cats ef I kin see, In all the lights of the day, .What you've got to do with the qtiestio* Ef Tim shill go or stay. And furder than that: I give notice Ef one of you tetches the boy, * He kin check his trunks to a warmer cllm* Than he'll find in Blanoy. ? Why, blame your hearts, Jest hear me: Tou know that ungodly day When our left struck Vicksburg Heights, hCTWTippe9 And torn and tattered we lay. When the rest restreated.I stayed behind. Fur reasons sufficient to me, 'With a rib caved in, and a leg on strike, ?! I sprawled on that cursed glacee. ?? Lord! how the hot sun went for us, -. : ? ? And br'iled and blistered and burned; : . How the rebel bullets whizzed round us 'When a cuss in his death-grip turned Till along toward dusk I seen a thing I couldn't believe for a spell — JThat nigger— that Tim— was crawlin' to me Through that fire-proof, gilt-edged .hell! The rebels seen him as quick as me, And the bullets buzzed like bees; But he jumped for me, and shouldered tne, -i ?Though a shot brought him once to his kneeSSi But he staggered up, and packed me off With a dozen stumbles and falls, Till safe in our lines he drapped us both. His black hide riaaied with balls. So, my gentle gazelles, fhar's my answer, . And here stays Banty.TIm: He trumped Death's ace for me that day. And rm not goin' back on him Tou may rezoloot till the cows come home; But if one of you tetches the boy He'll wrastle his bash to-night in bell. Or my name's not TUmon Joy! - ?'sv THE PLEDGE AT SPU1SKY FOJtNTVT 'X tale of earnest effort ana human perfidy**! . It's all very veil for preachin', But preachin' and practice don't see; I've give the thing a fair trial, And you can't ring it- in on me. 53o toddle along with your pledge, Eqnlre, Ef that's what you want me to sign; \ Betwixt me and you I've been thar. And I'll not take any In mine.. ? !1 year ago last Fo'th July, ?.'! -i'°-# : A lot of boys was here. JWe all got corned and signed the pledge --?«; For to drink no more that year. ' * JThere was Tilmon Joy and Sheriff -MThatl,' And me and Abner Fry. ' ' i&nd; Shelby's boy Leviticus, ' And the Gclyera, Luke ana Cy« ' . . And we anteed up a hundred ' ; ,; . In the hands of Deacon Eedge, *'4?Tii For to be divided the follerin F'Oth* '' ^ ?Mongst the boys that kep' the pledge. ' And we knowed each other so well, squire^ Tou may take my scalp tor a fool, Ef every man when he signed his name; Didn't feel cock-sure of the pool. 