IHEO: OR HIS OWN AGAIN. N ;-4 CHAPTER II. Dinner passed off well enough. Jonathan Falconer and Mr. Rogers ( kept up ft continual flow of conver sation, and Rupert could not but observe how cleverly tko American extracted from the old lawyer all the information he wished to gain Without putting a singlo direct ques tion to him, and how careful ho was pot to lot tho old man percoivo how pmoh more ho had let out on cer tain subjects than he otherwise would nave done; — small particulars .?'? ? ©f Mrs. Falconer's ways and habits — of Rupert's youth, and bringing up, and past life — of tho friends of the \ ' family, and of the people round :? . ., fcbout and an amused smile had ga , , thored on Jonathan's countenance Jwhon, rising, and declaring himself iweary with his journey, he prepared .;,'?? to retire to bed. \ 'I will say good-byo, . thon, now, Cousin,' said Rupert.' You mil not b&up; when I leave tho oastlo in tho ['? jnorning.' 'You leave tho Castle to-mon-ow frnorningl' said Jonathan in sur prise; 'and Mr. Rogers to-nigl)t ! ' But why? I tell you I'm afraid to bo left alone here.' And a comical Jk-ok spread over Tiis faco again, and then ho added, seriously, ('Como Rupert, spare mo a day or so. It's hardly cousinly to letvvo mo bo abnmtlv. I shall fear vou bear mo ? j Jil-wilL' ! 'Oh, if I can bo of any service ? ; tcf you ? ' began Rupert, in a fce'sitating voice. ' 'Yes, you can bo .f ;;»e tn »io, my hoy,' ho returned, kindly. 'Maybo we can help each other a little. Stay. I have a word or two to say to you. Is it settled f ! And ho darted a sharp glance at $he young man. 'Cortainly,' replied Rupert, with fc' shade of reluctanoe and embarrass ment in his voice, which Jonathan saw, but did not heed. 'That's right,' he answered cheer fully. 'Now, lot's bo off to bed— ?and to sloep, if tho ghosts will lot. Sis!' And ho left tho room. 'A fine young fellow that!' he : mused, as ho paced slowly up and tod comfortable hero. Tho old lady must have been a bad one. She's done tho boy an ill turn, What docs . ho moan to bo up to, I wonder? 1 must find out and holp him ; and if I ho doesn't got on it will bo his fault, Bot mine.' :? And so saying, the kind-hearted down hia bedchamber. 'I like tie ,look of him. Honest and true he ia, -J bet. Boarsmo no malice, and is quite ready to sot me going all right ! Wlow jfcurned in, and waa soon sloop ing peacefully beneath the roof of his forefathers. Rupert,after seeingMr.Rogors off to the station, retired to his own room for, ho imaginod, the las! time. CHAPTER III. Early as Rupert rose next morn ing, Jonathan Falconer was abroad before him, and had been up and fibout tho place Binoo sunrise, much to the surprise of tho servants, and the consternation of tho gardeners and helpers, who, on leaving their beds, discovered thoir now master Dn.oing up aud clown the terrace overlooking tho park, with a moody, thoughtful brow. It was but seven o'clook aa the head gardener made liia appoarance on the lawn,but Mar 2;ory, the housemaid, vowed sho had lioard footsteps descending the ^rand staircase more than two liours before, an3 long ere any hu man being could bo supposed to be it work,and the small door into the pardon opened — doubtless by tho new mastor, before the sun was wall ibovo tho horizon. Such strange, aow-fangled ways met with but scant approval from the Castle cl )? tnestics. Jonathan Falconer, tired at Jen»th by liis monotonous walk, leaned thoughtfully against the £rey old wall that formed the para pet of tho terrace, and his looks roamed over the landscape before him with a dreamy, sad, expres sion. Whabgood was it all to him, and ivho would come after him? These ivero the thoughts that passed ihrough his mind and troubled him 3orely. Yes, one deep grief, ono gnawing sorrow, filled his heart as bo gazed on the scene before him —who would inherit all this grand domain at his death? And hia brow darkoned as tho image of a shabby, dissipated, reokless-looking youQi rose up before him, the imago of his son, as ho had last sewn him some six years before, and when, with an aohing, breaking heart he forbade him his house, and oast him out of his homo and affections for over. i What had become of him since? Where was he? Jonathan kn%w not. He had watohed over him tenderly in ohildhood, brought him up carefully, but too indulgently; had forgiven him many and many a time his undutiful and ungrate ful conduct, till at length oven the fond father's lovo was Avorn out, and his son — his only son — had beoome unto him as a stranger. Wild tales of his ovil-doings for n while reached the poor fathor's ears, and then all traces of the prodigal wore lost, and for five long years Jonathan had had no tidings of him. IIo lookod at Rupert — whoso tall, manly figure ho porooived ad youoing towards him — and thought with a sigh, 'Ah I if Elwood had only been like him, yes, he would be a son to be proud of. Bother the old lady! Why could sho not have lot that will moulder away and be forgotton for over in its hiding place? I didn't want tho , property. It won't suit me to live hero; it would never do for mo. ( If Elwood comeB into it he'll ruin , tho estato in no time. Rupert, Lhere, was tho man for it, not mo. Ee'd have marriod well, and kept up tho position of tho family, and have loft a son worthy to succeed ] liim. Ah ! if my boy were but like ' him I' !. And ho sighed again, and ad' danced with outstrotched hand. . f 'Good morning, cousin,' ho cried ;hoorily. 'You see I can't get out ' }f my now world habits all at once. - ['m up with tho lark, and out J jvery morning of my life at homo ; - md so I've begun tho same horo ] md have boon looking round a ! \ At, You're well up in farming, \ I guess.' ] 'Pretty fairly, I believe,' replied ' Ituport. t 1 'Understand horses now, don't i -To?' he continued. f Rupert nodded. 'Yes; that's quite in my line,' ? ae replied. j 'A good hunter and a fine shot, « pou are, I make no doubt?' coil- - tinued the American. 'Up in sheop, too, perhaps, oh?' 'Well, I'm not a bad judge of live- stock, I beliovo,' replied Ru pert. 'At least so tho farmers *bout say, I thought it my duty at ono time to do my best to un derstand these things.' 'Just so — quito right!' replied Jonathan, nodding ; 'and all know ledge is useful. It keeps, and if it's not wanted it is easily carried, as they Bay,, and turns to uso in variably at some odd time or ano thor. Well and what do you think of doing with yoursoliT' And ho lookod at him keenly. 'Doing with myself?' said Ru pert, with a littlo hesitation in his voice. 'Well, I thought of trying Australia. I havo heard that a man who does not mind hard work may generally got on there.' 'Yes,' returned Jonathan; 'I beliovo it is so ; and when do you think of making tracks?' 'Thoro's a steamer going nott week,' replied Ruport. 'I thought of talcing a second-class passage ut once.' Jonathan noddod, and musod ft bit ; thon, suddenly turning to Ru port, and laying his hand on his arm, said, in a voico full of emo tion, 'Hark yo, Ruport Falconer! I've taken a fancy to you. I wish I had a son like you, I do. Don't go to Australia. Stay here, and manage tho estate for me.' 'What! stay here at Halo?' cried Rupert, in surprise. 'Yos, at Halo,' roturned Jonathan. Rupert^ facoielli 'I couldn't do it cousin,' ho re plied, in a low voico. 'You are jQvy good to mako mo the offer. I enow you mean it kindly, but I wouldn't, after— after— ' 'Say no more, my boy — say no nore,' cried Jonathan. 'Yos, yes —I quito understand. I see, it wouldn't bo ; we must think of some ,hing else for you.' And thore was v fiilenco again. 'You don't mind hard work, you iay?' resumed Jonathan in a few uinutes. 'Well, I'vo thought of a ilaco; but it is hard work there, md no mistake. Listen! I've ?ought a lot of land — a bit down outh of our place at homo. It wants clearing; it wants draining; it wants cultivating ; it wants — overy- thing. But when it's done, why, *t will mako Jonathan Falconer about tho richest innn in thoso parti. Will you bi* my manager there, cousin? You'll find it a bit lonely at first ; your nearest neighbors, barring your own men, 20 miles or so off, and your next 40 or 50, or may be moz'o ; but I believe you'ro the man for tho place, cousin.' 'You'ro very good,' returned Rupert, taken quito a surprise. 'I must think it over.1' 'Take your time-take your tims, cousin,' ho answered gaily, 'I can wait, I guess; and as to terms why ? '* 'As to that part of it,' returned Rupert hastily, 'I leave all to you. ; Yos, cousin ; I will accept your offer, j and become your manager iu America, and thank you heartily, though I could not have taken the same post horo.' 'All right, then; that's a bar samepost hero.' gain. Shako hands on it.' cried, Jonathan, joyfully ; and ho pressed ? tho young man's hand warmly in! his. I'm glad to have you for j my man, cousin!' 'And I'm glad to have you for my master, sir,' roplied Rupert, Jonathan looked gratified. To be Continued. 