MEMS ABOUT MUMMERS Queensland Sportsman relates tbafr a Brisbane man took Ovide Musin, the violinist, into a hotel and bought drinks. The barmaid put sixpence change on the counter, and Ovide abstractedly abstracted it. We shall have to watch the violinist when he comes to Adelaide. Miss Georgie Welles, a Chicago actress, has a snailery. She kefps between thirty and forty snails by the side of a small pond, and calls them, after celebrated people. Ugh ! When the Elsie Adair Company were in Honolulu they had a Chinese audience one night, and a Chinese interpreter explained everything as the performance went along, stopping the singers or actors when he had got & mouthful to fire offi Ven triloquist Emmett announced that he would imitate the squealing of a pigr and he added in *an aside, " in the Chinese language." The interpreter^ however, tofld the audience that Mr^ Einmett proposed to give an imitation of a Chinaman. After the pig had done squealing the Chinkies filed one by ont out of the theatre. Next night nobody turned up. Enquiries were made, and apologies were offered, but the Chinese would have nothing to do with the show. They had been compared to a pig, and they were not taking any more Adair Company. Alice Leamar's songs at the Sydney Tivoli grew so strong that even the Sydney press had to cry out against them. Miss Emily Nathan (Mrs. Thomas Grundy) the popular wardrobe mistress for Williamson & Musgrove, was hastily summoned from Adelaide to -Sydney last week, her services being urgently required in connection with the impending production of " The Sign of the Gross." Dear Quiz—I agree with your remarks on " Matsa " last week. The appearance of a woman in tights may be justified artistically ; but a come dian in simulated bare legs is only disgusting.—Yours, Ilma. Pollard's Opera Company will open at the Theatre Royal on Saturday, May 22. The season will last four weeks. The Green wood Family, once stranded in South Australia, have been doing well in Auckland. A burlesque on "Romeo and Juliet," in which the sisters Agatha, Roberta, and Nora appear, is the chief attraction. Nora is said to have designed the costumes. The Greenwoods are pretty girls, and are probably in their element in \- burleEque. When finishing his season at Inver cargill, N.Z, George Darrell bespoke the patronage of the residents for •George Rignold, who was shortly to visit the place. How few mummers would give another a gratuitous adver tisement ! Conjuror Carl Hertz was born on May 14, 1859, and is thus just 38 years of age. He claims to have gone on a tour through California (his native state, for Hertz is an American of German parentage) at the age of 14. Johnny Gourlay is skipping by the light of the moon at the Palace Theatre, Sydney. It is to be hoped that the ghost will skip merrily for Johnny. There was some talk of Chirgwin, " the white-eyed Kaffir," putting in a short season at the Bijou Theatre on the way to Broken Hill, but the hall was engaged on the dates required by the Elsie Adair Company. Says Sydney Referee :—Miss Lilian Tree lately sang with the Halle orchestra at Huddersfield, under the direction of Mr. Cowen. Every number was encored ; and Cowen, who is known to be very chary in con gratulations, was enthusiastic over Miss Tree's success. As one result, she found herself booked for several engagements. To an impressario who suggested Australia for a tour in the near future, Miss Tree " offered a cold refusal." Lilian Tree was in Ade laide with Soloman & Bracy's Opera Company in 1889. Phil. Newbury is an immense success at Sydney Tivoli, where he sings " The Holy City." Cholly Warner will visit Australia next year. The worst point about Cholly is his laugh. It begins in his dressing-room and ends as he bounds on to the stage as if he had been shot from a catapult. Even the Bulletin praises Mrs. Brown Potter in " Francillon." After this Quiz expects to find the lady a bit ' off." Harry Shine is about to become a benedict. In a fortnight, if all goes well, he will be married to Miss Olive Delroy, a superior song and dance artist who was here with Miss Lynne under engagement to Frank Clark last year, and also came here more re cently. Harry is playing in " Skipped by the Light of the Moon" in Sydney, and will leave to take up an English engagement in about two months. Lauri and Coleman rehearsed four encore verses for their topical duet. They have not been required this voyage. The first act of " Matsa " occupies an hour and a quarter, which is just thirty-five minutes too long. The Hayters, engaged by Harry Rickards, were quarantined with other passengers by the Himalaya in Sydney. Tom Pollard is said to have cleared £1,500 over his latest New Zealand tour with his Opera Company. Albert Whelan is a clever mimic, but he is just a trifle amateurish so far as stage deportment goes. This will wear off. The footlights give a man more cheek than the mumps. M. Leon Caron's song, "What Love Does," now sung in " Matsa,' is pretty, and ought to become popular. It is a little beyond the capacity of Miss Mina Phillips. Thus Sydney Referee :—Pqor Nellie Farren ! It is reported by a London journal that there will shortly be offered for sale in an auction mart a casket of jewels, the property of the well-known actress, comprising a necklace formed of 45 fine graduated brilliant collects and pendants en suitey a necklace formed of two rows of choice pearls, and bracelets, bangles, brooches, pendants, earrings, finger rings, and other ornaments, set with rubies, emeralds, sapphires, pearls, and brilliants. Her many Australian friends will heartily sympathise with her. Maggie Moore had a conversation with the murderer Butler on the Mari posa. If George Darrell had had such an opportunity he would have turned Butler into a play, but Maggie doesn't like horrors. 