¥ictoria Eyre; OR, THE GUILTY HAND; By HEDLEY EICHABDS, Author of "The Welsh Princess," The Dene Tragedy," etc., etc. Mr Harding : "Victoria?—' why did they give you that name?" Victoria- looked at him, and said: "Once I asked my father why he called and lie said, 'I called you after tlje grgjlhjaS, Queen I serve, and- if you are as gqbdta/fiomah'' as she is, I shall be satisfied.' 'ltoe next reek's instalment. 'Ji CHAPTER I.— AN AGGRESSQft'-Jp- "Victoria, that dress is very shabb?£ The speaker was a fair-haired, placid- coking, middle-aged lady; but her tone and expression just then were decidedly woebegone. "Of course it's shabby, and rather short, mother ; but it's clean, and a white froclc is just the thing for such a day." " But it's only May, and I'm -sure I don't know how you will get a new white one— or any kind, for the matter of that. Tou kno-w, I have to pay for these re pairs, so it will make five pounds less this quarter." " Oh, dear, that is unfortunate. But never mind, mother ; I'll turn, the things about somehow, and make them look quite respectable. I've a ' gift in that way; so you see it was evidently meant | that I should be poor," replied the girl, with a cheery smile, as she left the pretty little parlor. " Where are you going ?" inquired her mother, following her out of the room. " Only for a walk. Perhaps I shall go as far as the nioor," replied Victoria, opening the front door. " The moor is very lonely, and I don't think it's safe for you to wander about there alone." " Oh, mother, what an idea !" the girl answered, laughing. Then she walked quickly down the little garden, turning at the gate to call out : " Good-bye, mother." "Good-bye, my dear and Mrs Eyre stood watching until her daughter disap peared round a bend in the lane. As for Victoria, she walked quickly on, with a firm, decided tread. There was no hesitation about Victoria Eyre. Vet she didn't lay claim to being strong- minded any more than she did to being pretty; yet she was both. A clear, fair skin, with the flush of health in her cheeks ; bright honest, grey eyes, fring ed with long dark lashes ; a wealth of <vavy brown hair, that wouldn't lie straight and snug no matter how care fully its owner dressed it; a tall, slender figure, upright as a dart — a lady every inch of her, in spite of the shabby white frock which was scarcely below her hoot tops, and the sailor- hat which looked dingy although Victoria had spent much time in trying to renovate it. On she went down the country lane between hedges which were at their \- best. It had been an early spring, and trees arid all vegetation were unusually forward; yet there was the freshness of spring upon them; and as she walked along in the sunshine, Victoria forgot that her frock was shabby, with small Prospect of an early successor. In fact, she forgot everything in her unconscious sympathy with the beauty of the world, as she listened to the birds as they twit tered in the trees overhead, or the more distant song of some blackbird or thrush. Presently she came to where two lanes hist, and without hesitation struck into the one which was overhung by the branches of great trees. At one side of ris ,ane a river meandered on its way, the trees growing on -its - banks over hanging it as they did'.the lane. It was lonely -place. but Victoria never bought of that as she went on. ,f®r going, about a mile she came to -.J , ' OI)en moor. It was. known as . j ' 11 Moor, and extended for fully tvw side of it the river, a . wi<ened considerably just there, owed onwards, and at the other there jt® a wide stretch of pasture land. \- tor- , moor was a favorite walk of Vic- ia s, and, as usual, she chose the path which skirted the river, humming a tune as she walked on. Presently she noticed a gentleman com- 4ng towards her, and stopped humming. drew nearer she saw that he was sfcager, young and handsome. j-on the right route for Eiim- 'ourn-'ie asked as he paused, but vfififuXaSsing his hat, and regarding h£f vitH a look of bold admiration which :fnade J&Aqtia; flush quickly, and reply ierriuyily; right. Go straight down that lane;" and she pointed in the direction she had come. "Then when you come to where two lanes meet, take the one to the left;" and as she finished speaking she moved on. "Thanks. But don't be In such a hurry. What do you say to shewing me the way? I don't want to say good-bye to such a pretty girl," he said, placing him self in front of her. Victoria Eyre raised her eyes, blazing with indignation, to his. "Move on one side, sir. I am sorry I troubled to answer your question." "Oh, dear, what a little spitfire the country mouse is!" he remarked, with a mocking laugh and without moving an inch. ' "Stand on one side and let me pass." she replied quietly, without showing the fear she felt. "By Jove, I won't till I've had a kiss;" and with these words he threw his arms I around her and tried to kiss her. But he had reckoned without his host, for Victoria was a strong, healthy girl, and she pushed his face away, regard less that her ungloved hands were in flicting some pretty deep scratches. In vain he tried to secure a kiss. At that moment a strong hand seized the aggressor by the collar and flung him off. At the same time Victoria ga-ve a desperate push, and between the two the young fellow fell backwards, his head striking a large stone. There was a groan, then his eyes closed, while his face became white as death. "Oh, is he . hurt?" inquired Victoria, gazing at her deliverer, a fine, stalwart man of five or six and twenty, with a face which expressed nobility and good ness. "I am afraid so," he replied, very gravely, as he stooped down beside the young fellow, and gently raising his head from the stone, laid it on the soft grass; then he unfastened his vest, and put his hand on his heart. "It's all right; the heart beats pretty strongly," he said, with a look of relief, "though I'm afraid there may be a slight concussion of the brain, for that's a hasty stone. The best thing wiU be to get some brandy or something to revive him. Then, if he doesn't come round.we must get help to move him. Have you any idea who he is?" "Not the least. He Inquired his way, and then he insulted me." "Tes; I saw. I suppose he's some fel low on a walking tour," he said, glanc ing at the knapsack which was fastened to the stranger's back. "But I must not loiter. Can you tell me where I can get some brandy?" "Very likely you can get some at E-den's farm. I'll show you the way; for I dare not stay here, and I dare not go alone. I feel so shaky," she said. " ji e glanced at her, and saw that she was trembling in every limb, and look ing decidedly white. It wouldn't do to let her faint: besides, there was no risk in leaving the man. while they went for the stimulant he required, so he said: "Thank you very much;" and as 31ie began to move forward, casting a back ward glance at the white, ghastly face, he saw that she was hardly able to walk. "You don't think he is dead . she "I am sure he isn't. No doubt he Is injured, though I don't think very seri ously. But it will be a lesson to him not tto insult a lady in future." he said. glancing at the girl, and recognising that she was a gentlewoman. "I am afraid it is partly my own fault; mother has warned me not to come these lonely ways. I suppose young ladies don't usually; so perhaps he thought I was one of the village girls, and shouldn't mind him giving me a kiss." "I don't see how he could take you for anything but a lady," he replied. "Oh, but I am very shabbily dressed," she said, with the utmost simplicity. "Are you? I don't notice that kind of thing much." While they were talking, Victoria had led the way to the opposite side of the moor; then they passed through a turn stile and entered a pasture field, along which a narrow path wound under the hedge. After crossing two similar fields, they came to a gate which led into a farm- yard, and Victoria went boldly up to the door, but it was shut and fas tened, and no one came in response to her knock. "They must have gone out, and given the maid a holiday. Yes, Mrs Eden must have gone out," she repeated, as she looked through the kitchen window. "She's an invalid, and her invalid's car riage generally stands in the kitchen, but it's gone; so her husband has evi dently taken her out this fine afternoon. But look; there's a bottle labelled 'Brandy' on the dresser. I expect Mrs Eden has had some before she went out. She lias a weak heart." she said, point ing through the window. "Then we must have it." Trying the window, and finding it unfastened, he raised the sash, and reaching out his arm took the bottle. "I .suppose we had better close the window. I'll come back and pay the farmer for the brandy," ha said, as he took out the cork and smelled the con tents. "Yes, it's brandy; the bottle is about a quarter full. I think I will put a little water into it;" and crossing to a pump at the other side of the yard, lie lifted the handle and let a little water trickle into the bottle; then replacing the cork they loft the farmyard. While they had been busy securing the brandy their movements had been ob served by a hoy, who was seated on a stack at the further end of t'ne yard. "Well, I'm blest if this isn't a funny thing! Who'd 'a' thought Miss Eyre would have turned thief? And Ore chap with her looks a swell." he muttered, as he watched them go towards the gate. "Now, I wonder if I should tell Uncle Eden, or hold my tongue," he cogitated. By this time Victoria and her com panion had entered the field, but they had not gone many yards when a loud bellow made them look towards the other end of it, where a huge bull -was stand ing regarding tliem with evident dis satisfaction. "The bull has got loose! Come back; he's dreadfully savage!" exclaimed Vic- toria,retreating rapidly; and as the ani mal started at a headlong pace towards . them, they both made for the gate, and just managed to get through and shut it securely before the animal reached it. Luckily, the gate was a strong, mas sive affair; but not wishing to infuriate the bull further, Victoria's companion drew her round to the other side of the farmhouse as he inquired if there was any other way of reaching the moor. "We shall have to go by the road, and that is quite two and a quarter miles," she replied. He looked rather bothered as he re marked : "Well, I suppose there is no help for it; but I fancy that fellow will have neai-ly recovered, or, at any rate, re gained consciousness by the time we get there." "I am sure it wouldn't be safe to cross that field," replied Victoria. "I quite agree with you. That bull was very much inclined to play shuttle cock with us," he replied, with a laugh. By this time they had reached the gate which led into the lane, and as her companion opened it, Victoria exclaim ed; ."Look!" He followed the direction of her gaze, which was fixed on the opposite side of the lane. "Well?" he said, in a questioning tone. "Don't you see him?" she asked, al most impatiently. "See whom?" he asked. "The man we left on the moor," she replied, still intently looking at the spot which she had indicated. "i don't see any one." be replied. "You don't? Look, he's standing there watching us;" and Victoria took a quick step or two forward, then she lialtcd, and a low cry burst from fieri "What is it?" asked her companion, with some curiosity. "He's gone. He seemed to go straight through the hedge," she answered. "Then I am afraid he will be consider ably scratched," (he- replied, with a smile: but seeing she was very much agitated, he became grave. "You are nervous and overwrought, and your imagination has played a Lick on you," he added. "No; I saw either him or Ms ghost distinctly," she said, In a low, awe struck tone. CHAPTER II.— THE TRAMP. "Ghosts are out of date; they went out Willi our grandfathers and grand mothers," he answered with a smile. "Then if the man wasn't there, what could it be?" she demanded. "Imagination. Unless"— and he ex amined the hedge— "lie was in the field on the other side, and you saw him through this gap," he said, pointing to a. slight break in the hedge. "That was not the nlace whore I saw him; it was half a yard the other way," she rc-plied. "Then I give it up, but my common sense won't allow me to adopt the ghost theory," lie answered, as they walked on. "I wonder what they've been examin ing that hedge for. Anyway, they've had a jolly good fright. I think I won't tell Uncle Eden about the brandy unless he lays it on my back," muttered the boy on the stack, as he watched the bull careering madly round the field. Meanwhile Victoria and her companion had gone quickly up the lane, but not too quickly for her to notice that he had a case strapped to his back. "I am an artist, and this contains my easel and colors," he said, observing her glance. "You will find some lovely places to sketch in this neighborhood." "Yes; I was going to do a bit of the river. I am a landscape painter, and my name is Rowland White." Victoria looked at him with admira tion. "Are you Rowland White? I have read about your pictures, and so longed to see them." He smiled pleasantly. "I am sorry I haven't anything with me, but if you come up to London any time " "I never shall; we are too poor to. go sight-seeing. My father was only a cap tain in the army, and the jiension my mother draws is not large." Rowland White regarded her with pleasure. It was a treat to meet a girl so genuine and uiflSSpfipSS?.-. "I wonder liqjw is. I cannot help feeling ,spiTV-;fr;ivhjm, though he was jinpardoifaily rude/Taid Victoria. Vw ... sf/u \ , -C "Oh, he will haye.had tlnsy-'to\:6ne round, and no douGt-Jlnf ternoojl's Ex perience will do h ira'goOtJ' -Bati Row land White. By this time they had reached the end of the lane, and turned into the one along which Victoria had gone earlier in the afternoon. Presently they met a tramp, who stole a furtive glance at them as he passed quickly, "That fellow looks as though he want ed to escape notice. I wonder what he's been doing," remarked the artist. "Perhaps he's a poacher," suggested Victoria. In a few minutes they were on the moor, and crossed at once to the place where they had left the man lying on the grass. "I don't believe he is there," exclaim ed Victoria, as she gazed ahead. "No; I don't see any signs of him," replied her companion. "See, that is the stone against -which he struck his head," said Victoria, as they paused and looked around. "He has evidently recovered. I didn't think the fall had done him much harm, and no doubt he feels ashamed of his conduct, and has got out of the way as quickly as possible," replied Rowland White. "It's funny we didn't meet him," she remarked. J "Oh, he may have none before we got into the lane leading to the moor, or pos sibly he lias walked aipng the bank of the river; and Rowland stepped to the edge of the sloping hank and looked down at the footpath which skirted the brink of the river, but the trees were sc thick that it was only here and there a glimpse of it could he obtained. "I don't see him, but of course he may be far away by now." "Yes, there are several bridges which' lead to the other )>ank, and so across to the village of Blythwood, where a good many tourists go." "Well, he has gone, and I don't sup pose you are sorry. Now I expect you will be going home, so if our route is tho same, perhaps you will allow me to set you safely there." "I shall be glad of your company. I live at Winto-ji." "And I am staying at the Bull at El- imbourne." "Then our way is the same until w« come to the cross roads," she said, a she moved onward. "I don't see any use carrying this brandy now;" and as he spoke he flung the bottle over the bank. "I will call and pay the farmer for it to-morrow," he added, as he overtook her. "Do you think that was the man I saw in the laiio?" she asked. "I am inclined to think you did sea him, though I cannot imagine what ha was doing in that field." "You don't think lie has fallen over th bank? Perhaps he was too weak, and tried to descend it." Victoria paused, and her companion re garded her with surprise. "I don't; and even if that were so, I don't see how it would affect his ap pearance in the fit-id." "Unless it was his spirit," she said, la' a low tone. , Rowland White laughed aloud. "I cannot entertain such an idea," hr said. Presently they came to the finger-posf at the junction of the two roa„s; then Victoria paused. "Good-bye, and thank you very much," she said, holding out her hand. "May I not see you home?" "No, thank you: I shall he quite safd now, and mother would be very cross il she knew what had happened— perhaps condemn me not to go outside the village and thai would be nearly as bad as go ing to prison," she replied, with a laugh. "I see; and you think my presence would need aoountlng for." "Certainly; so we will say good-bye." "Good-bye, then; but won't you telt me your name?" he asked, feeling ft strong interest in her. , "Oh, yes; I am called Victoria Eyre." "Then, good-bye, Miss Eyre, and I hope we shall meet again," he said as they shook hands; and raising his hat, lie turned towards Elimbourne, while she went in the direction of Winton. About twenty minutes after Victor! Eyre and her companion had first left the moor, a tramp came at a leisurely pace towards the spot where they had left the unconscious man. He was sauntering slowly onward with his eyes fixed on the ground, when he noticed a man lying, as he supposed, asleep on the grass. "Taking it easy— and a good thing, too, such a warm day. Guess he's one" of. them tourists who tramp for pleiasurs when they might do It on horseback— the fools," he muttered. But as he drew; near he uttered an exclamation of hor ror. "Murder, as I live!" and, kneeling down, he touched the man's hand. " Not been dead long either;" and hd glanced round, but could not see any one. "He's a gentleman, and a rich one, too, I should say, by his rig-out. That watch- chain's a beauty. Cannot have been done by a poor person, at these would never have been left behind. It's been revenge, or something of that sort. Oh. my. what a beauty!" he ex- claimed, as his eye fell .on a diamond ring, and he noticed how the stone spark led in the sunlight. "Well, seeing he's dead, he can't want them things, and they'll bring In a tidy, . little fortin." Then, withdte. quick glance round to assure himself that he was unobserved, the tramp removed the ring from tho dead man's finger and transferred it to his own poeketi Then he took the watch and chain, which he oiaced in the sami receptacle. f'' Next he felt In the pockets, and drew jr out a purse, which contained several j - -Hank-notes, ten sovereigns, a few shil lings, and an odd .copper or two. The money he took possession of; but after one greedy look at the notes he put them back into the purse, which he replaced in the pocket. "It's a pity to leave them, hut they'd be risky," he muttered, as he rose to his feet and stood looking at the dead man. "The next person as comes this way will very likely raise the hue and cry ; then, if these things are found on me, I shall have to swing for a job as I didn't do. Perhaps it would be better to chuck . him over the bank into the river," he soliloquised. Having decided on this course of ac tion, be stepped nearer to the edge of the bank, and looked up and down the river; but neither to the right nor to the left was there any sign of a living creature. | "It won't do him no harm, and he'll \ xest as comfortable there as in a church- f yard," he muttered, as he dragged the | body to the river brink. Then, using all bis strength, he flung it over the bank/ i and with a splash it fell Into the water, j "It's lucky as there were no trees in the way," he reflected, noticing that he had unconsciously chosen a spot where the bank was not obstructed by trees. The body rose to the surface, then sank, and was seen no more. "There, I hope he'll lie nice and quiet. All the same, I'm sorry for the poor fel low. But I'd best get away- from here," be thought, and at once began crossing the moor in the direction of the lane, finally taking the road to Elimbourne ; but as he didn't stay" there, he had before nightfall left that pretty little town far behind. (To be Continued.) 