A LEGEND OF THE BLACK HILLS. A MINING STORY. [JJr FltEDKUICK UoUbON.] "Out yonder," said tlie man, indicating with his hand a region that might be supposed to include one third o{ the liabitablc globe ; " out yonder, I've seen some queer happenings, and nothing more remarkable occurs to uiy mind Just now than the case of Dave Friston. It was just this way : It was early in the fifties, and the silver mining boom was at its height. Vou needn't he told tliat miners are a rough lot, and out here in Nevada wc had the pick of the buucli. Money was so plentiful that sometimes, out of pure cussedness, the boys would chuck it about as if it was of no account, and, when it was all gone, live on the saloon keepers, who ran up a pretty hill against 'cm till things took a "more favorable turn. Well, affairs were about as quiet as they well could be, and it was a matter of general regret in the community that the festivities were over, and that a long spell of labor became necessary to clear olf arrears and make preparations for a fresh outbreak ; and it was just at this time, when tilings were at their lowest, and everyone was slouching unwittingly to work, the effects of the holidays not having passed off, an extraordinaryincidcntoccurred—a womnn arrived in the city. _ "By whatever mysterious dispensation of Pioridcucc this unprotected female ever reached Vulture Valley can only remain a matter of conjecture. It was rumoured the coach had been attacked l»3 r Indians—a not mifrcqucnt occurrence —and the lady was the only person who had oscapcd the subsequent massacre. She had made her way on foot through the boundless prairie, and, unencumbered by compass, the use of which instrument fche would have imperfectly comprehended, she had, with unerring instinct, sought and found the nearest outpost of civ ilisation—if the settlement in Vulture Valley oould be so called. This was a pretty story, of course, and bore on its face some semblimcc of probability, but when the coach arrived next day,'having had an unusually prosperous journey, no skirmishing with the Indians, and without a passenger missing, people shook their heads, and, in solemn conclave assembled, determined that the veracity was not the strong point of the newcomer's character. Nevertheless, they made her heartily welcome. Good liars themselves, they were not disposed to he too hard on one who, whatever her shortcomings, never swerved one hair's breadth from her original statement, but religiously stuck to her story. "Nick Davis, the principal saloon keeper, allowed her to stay at his place, and a female bar-tender being an absolute novelty at the time, it was not long before a difference became noticeable in tbc conduct of his customers. Coarse jest and profane language were, as by oue consent, tabooed whenever she happened to be present, and ill-fared the man who, excited by too much lightning rod, relapsed into the vernacular in the hearing of the lady. That incomprehensible female, with a flash of her dark eyes, made no secrct of the scorn in which she held the offender, who, more often than not, would be only too glad to avail himself o[ the best means of retreat that offered. " She was a well-built young woman, too—Anna lloffmeister, * she said her name was—and she readily took to her new occupation, and custom so improved that Nick Davis became perceptibly stouter, and offered the girl a permanent situation with a comfortable salary. liut, somehow or the other, she wouldn't bind herself for longer than three months at a time, and with this, of course, Nick expressed himself well satisfied ; and it didn't need half an eye to sec his customers shared his satisfaction—two of them especially—well built, strapping young fellows, who seemed to take a more ihan ordinary interest in the proceedings. Dave Friston, whose name I mentioned a while ago, was one of tlicui, and Abe Stevens the other. From a man's point of view I shouldn't have thought there was much difference between them, but women, 1 suppose, see different. At all event-?, it was agreed among the boys that Abe was the man, and Friston didu'i hold the ghost of a chance, when it oozed out that we were all wrong, and that it was the other way about. It took about three months to work up to this point, and Nick allowed there was little prospect of Miss Hoffmeister renewing her engagement: so he put the best face he could upon the matter, and prepared to resign his assistant without a murmur. " I suppose, come to think of it, Dave was the better match, and from tliat point of view the girl chose wisely, lie was overseer, or something, and was looked up to by the rest of the boys, while Abe was only a common man iii a maimer of speaking : yet somehow there was a feeling of disappointment when the wedding began to be talked about tliat he hadn't drawn the prize. He bore tip well, considering, never cussed his luck, but went about his business pretty much as usual. He was a hard nut to crack, was Abe, and it was generally considered that he was the better man of the two. " Well, the wedding took place and Judge Flynn officiated, and, after a brief honeymoon up at the hills, the couple returned, and took up their abode quietly enough in a sort of shanty hard by the mines and convenient for Dave in his business, and for a time all seemed to go well. But, after a time, a marked change was noticeable in the overseer. He became moody and abstracted. It was said that Abe's continued presence in the neighborhood was the cause of this, in other words that jealousy was at the root of the matter! but "nobody seemed to know. " Well, about every three weeks or so sometimes oftenej—pave TYOQM leave 1 the valley for Carson City to report to his employers—a syndicate tliat owned die mines—and sometimes he would lie accompanied by a waggon load of silver bars—sometimes not. He would come kick with a heap of dollars—mostly in bills—to pay current expenses and so forth, and have them in his house for days together. There was 110 secret about tiie matter, and although there were plenty of bad characters about the place, no extra precautions were taken, Dave baing considered well able to look after himself and his belongings. So it happened one day, when he had a larger sum than usual in his care, Friston rode up hastily to his home, and informing liis wife that he would be absent lor at least three days, put spurs to his horse, and galloped away without another word of explanation. By putting this and that together wc learned all this afterwards. And the strange thing about it was that he had left the wallet behind him containing the money he had brought back with him his last journey. Then Abe seems to have come upon the scene ; at all events, it was a matter of common talk that he and Mrs. Friston were seen engaged in earnest conversation soon after the husband had taken his departure. Little notice was taken at the time, but iu the light of wliat afterwards occurred every little incident connected with the case was dug up and remembered. " That Mrs. Friston was a plucky one all those who had been honored by her acquaintance saw 110 reason to doubt, and the fact that she took 110 special pains to guard the place with all that money about was only what might have been expected from a woman of her character. Of course, all this is hearsay, and, as those mostly concerned are not likely to give the tiling- away, I should say it would remain a matter of conjecture until the end of time. Anyway, this is what happened, as is generally supposed— " On the second night of Dave'sabscnee his wife must have been startled by hearing mysterious sounds in the adjoining room to that in which she was sleeping, and the thought of that wallet and its contents must naturally have run through her mind like a flash of lightning, and there seems no doubt that she silently rose, threw a shawl over her shoulders— it was found on the floor afterwards— and, arming herself with a shot-gun, proceeded to investigate. " It was early in the morning, andthere was just sufficient light to swear by, but it didn't need the midday sun to illuuii nate the scene, or let her know what kind of devilment was in progress, for, as she entered the room, the stooping figure of a mail rose and faced her, only to be met by the flash of the gun—it was so near, his \- beard was scorched—and the light from that blaze was the last he would see this side of the Great Divide. " Well, a shot or so in the night in Vulture Valley was of small account, and little notice was taken, and i wasn't until later in the day folks began to be aware that something had happened. A lad was sent up from the mines to see if the overseer had returned. Failing to make anyone hear, he had entered uninvited, and there found the dead body of the uian he. wanted. The face was partly blown away, but Dave Friston it was beyond all manner of doubt. One hand still held the wallet, and the other a bundle of bills he had abstracted when the cyclone took placc. " From papers and things in the dead man's pocket it seemed he had got deeply involved iu some shady transactions, and the only conclusion the community could arrive at was that he had determined to rob himself to straighten matters out. No doubt his plans were artfully laid, but iu his calculations he forgot his missus, and that's where he made the mistake. " The widdcr 1 Oh, she's not been seen iu these parts from that day to this, and this is where the mystery comes iu: Abe has also disappeared, and left no clue to his whereabouts. So, taking all things into consideration, stranger, I think I'm justified in saying there have been some queer happenings about here." 