CHAPTERI XII. - THE TELLING OF THE SECRiET. Where was the bridegroom? Gaston Dantree bade good-bye to Katherine Dangerfleld, and rode down that noble avenue of elms leading. to .the ponderous gates. His horse's footsteps rang clear and sharp through the still; frosty air, the silvery mist of moonlight bathed all things in its pale, mystic glow. He paused an instant to look back ere he rode away. What a fair domain it was-what a stately sweep of park, and glade, and woodland-fairer than ever in the pearly light of the December moon. Htow noble the old house looked. with its turrets. its peaked gables, Its mas site stack of chimneys. And to-mor mrw all this would be his-his-he an out(rast of the New York streets. He laughed softly, exultantly, to him.; self, as he turned and rode swiftly away. "It's better to be born lucky than rich; it's better to be.born handsome than lucky. A clear complexion and a set of regular features, a tenor voice, and In sinuating manners, have done more for me than they do for most men. They have made my fortune. . Half the men and women in the world are fools at best, and don't know how to use the gifts with which nature endows them. I was born in the gutter, brought up in the streets, adopted out of charity, turned out for my shortcomings, to starve, or steal, or go to State prison, or-become the literary hack of a sport ing paper, ill-paid and ill-used. And now-to- morrow is my wedding-day, and a baronet's daughter, and the heiress of eight thousand a year, is to be my bride. Gaston Dantree, I con gratulate you again, and still again. You're one of the very cleverest fellows I ever knew in the whole course of my life." And- then, as aIr Dantree rode over the moonlit high road, he astonished belated wayfarers by up lifting his voice in- melody, so sweet and clear that even the sleeping nightingales, had there.bt.en any in December, might have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on their axles for him. A bride, and a fortune, and a life of perpetual pleasure, lay beyond to morrow's sunrise. There was only one thorn in all his bed of roses-Marie. "If she should come, after all ! and Satan himself, I believe, can never tell what a woman may do. You may be as certain as that you live she will take one course, and ten to one she takes the direct opposite. For Marie de Lan sac to pursue any man, though he sat on the throne of the Cwesars, Is the most unlikely thing on earth, and for that very reason she may turn .up now. If she should appear to-morrow, and for bid the marriage: Such things happen sometimes. Or, if she should turn up a year hence, and proclaim my secret and her wrongs! And bigamy's a de vilish ugly word!" The shadow of the avenger pursued Mr Dantree into dreamland. His vi sions this ante-nuptial night were all darkl and ominous. He fell asleep, to see the face of the woman he feared, dark and menacing; he awoke, and fell asleep again, to see it pallid and "de spairing, wild with woman's utmost woe. H? started-out of bed at last; at some abnormal hour in the dismal dawn, with a curse upon his lips. Sleeping or waking, the face of Marie de Lansac haunted him like an avenging ghost.. (To be continued.) 