FUN AND FANCY. Artist : I should like to paint 'foft wife." -Husband : It isn't necessary ; she attends to that." "What makes that fruit vender so short. winded f'- ' I guess he uses up all his breath polishing his apples." Tommy : Paw, what is human nature 2 Mr Figgg: Human nature, my son, is the excuse generally offered by a man who has been acting like a hog. Tommy: Pop, when an e'ephant falls down in the Zoo how do they get him up again?-Tommy's Pop: I suppose they go to the bird house and get a crane. Tourist (up in the lumber region): There doesn't seem to be much to see up here. Practical Resident: No ; but there's lots. to saw. Miss Passe: Sir, do you mean to cast re flections on my age 7-Colonel Clement: Madam, it would be quite impossible. You keep it too dark. She: Do you suppose his wife really supports him?--He: 1 judge so. He told me he didn't know what real happiness meant until after he got married. Spencer: There goes a woman with avery loud dress.-Ferguson : That is not a lou I dress. It is very quiet-looking.-Spencer : Itmust be loud. Its made of crash. Mrs Kidleigh: You knew that Charlie Van Tassel came home disgusted from the gold cure ?--Mrs Jollop: Well, it's not surprising, He's a free silver man. you know. * * * "Weary, did ye notice by th' papers that thousan's of men wuz goin' back to work 2" -.-" Well, that'll. be a good thing for our bizness." "How so ?" " It reduces compe tition." * * "Those South Americans are so high strung that they want to fight on the smallest provocation."-Crankshaft : High-geared, I should judge from the number of revolutions they make. Bikes: So you saw a ghost? Did he say anything to you --Sikes : Yes, but I couldn't understand him.--Bikes : Why 7-Sikes : Because I never studied the dead languages.: " Those Chicago women keep a fellow guessing."-" What is so mysterious about them 7"-" Well, do they get married in order to secure divorces, or do they secure divorces in order to get married. * * * A Recommendation.-Mrs Cogie: " Ay, that's the new doctor, mem; an' I'm sure it wad be an awEu' kindness if ye gied him a bit trial. He had a heap o' patients when he cam' first, but noo they're a' deid. Lady (a widow) : Do you know, my daughter is quite smitten with you, Herr Muller?-Gent (feeling flattered) : Really now ?-Lady: A fact. She was saying to-day, ' I should like that gentleman for my papa.' Husband : It says here that an eminent German physician states that women require more sleep than men. - Wife : Does it, indeed 7-Husband: Yes. I think you had better not sit up for me to-night, my dear. * * * O'Hara : She was a good wife to me, poor woman. Many's the word of good advic she gave me.-MlleGoogan : lhr.ue for ye, an'. many's the time Ol've heard her advisin' ye when Oi lived in the hodes beyant, a mile up. the road, ochoine . * * * Two Sides to a Question.-" Oh, Florw, let us be man and wife. You at least unde> stand me-the only woman who ever did." " Oh, yes, I understand you, well enough, tSir Algenon. But how about you ever being able to understand me 7" Mr Sububs (who has ordered drawings for a new cottage): Al, what is that room ad joining the parlour ?--rchitect : That's for your bicycles.--Mri Sububs.: And. that room adjoining the kitchen ?-Architect : That's for the cook's bicycle. Tramp (to benevolent but Inquisite lady) : Well, you see, .mtnm, it here like this. I were a 'addock smoker by profeion; then I got 'ill an' 'ad to go to the 'orspitaI ;. then I sold cat's meat; but soine'ow or othe r- Pt into low water. . * .'*. . *.. First Pedestrian (picking himself up): I'm blowed if I see the use of them there bells on the bicycled ; they knocks one down just the same: -Scond :Pedestrian : But in the event of a fatal aeldent, imy frie'nd,:the bell glues yot tdio td s?? .ea, eholt."raycr first. . The society editor was explalMd g tie matter.' " Dra Gsidisbout 'does iot feel very friendly to us now," she taid.-- 'Why unoe \---" Well, she gae iquite an elaborate dinner recently, aid asked me not tou na'tion it=in the papcr."-"'And you'ignored her wishes ?" -" Yes,; I ignored her wishes. I didn'ta men tion it." " Doctor'." said he, "I'm a vfetimh of in s'innia.i' I can't' sleep ift here's the least Srioise, such a a "cat oi tlhe baek fence, .for instance." " This,pon'der will be effective," replied the' phl? ciain *fter o mnipolndlng a prescriptionr.-" When do I ake 'it, dloctor ?' -" Yon'lIon't 'tnl. it. Yoh'give itto thui at in' a little milk." ' Irat r ',Patron, You alvte " . to cnre'ion sumuption, don't you ?- Doctor Qaack : Yes, sir. I never fail when my'instriuctionsbare followed,-- rate.Patrdh : My son took your medicine for a year, aid 'died 'an hour after the last doze.-Doctor Quacl My instruc tions were not followed. 'I told him to take it two years. Tramp (to fussy old gentleman) : Will you please give me a penny,sir ? I'm starting. -Fussy Old Gentleman (producitnh'cin) : " Dear me, starving I Can yoti chasige half a-crown 7-Tramp: Yes, ' sir.-Fusay Gld Gentleman (pocketing the chaiige): Dear, dear, starving)l Bless me, bdt this' woid is full of misery. ' " These hotels don't" seem :to have any enterprise," remarked :the w'oman who goes shopping a great :deal.-" What makes you think so ?" "They, don't take advantage of .the example set them by the drapery shops. I'm sure that a hotel, charging fifteen shil lings a day could gets lots-of women to favor it when the .family goes away for the summer if they'd mark the prices down to ifourteen and elevenpence." ' . * * . A recent London " Sketch" has tihe fol lowing ode: "To the young lady wholmoved her hat by request ,at the Court Theatre on the afternoon of December 12, and" thus enabled the gentleman behind her to see Miss May Yohe." The stage and footlights seemed as ships That pass you in the night. I seemed a planet in eclipse, For me no sun, no light. I spoke a word, nor harsh nor loud ; The night became as day. I saw behind the winter clidcl The promises of May. Mr A. E. Dent, rive Mr O. De Mamiel, resigned, and Mr J. Hunter, ewe Mr A. Herring, resigned, have been appointed members of the Paddington Local Board of Health, 