' ON THE TRAIL OF A GHOST,' Mb. Frederick Wiokb, writing to the Times apropos of 'Haunted Houses ' (a topic made interesting by recent articlos in newspapers and magazines), says : — Mr. Andrew Lane thinks ' it would be very interesting if the mysterious noises so long attributed by tradition to ' haunted houses ' could be accounted for by what Byroa calls ' young earth quakes.'' Most of those who have read the remarkable correspondence upon the Baliecbin case would thiuk it equally interesting if any cause, however commonplace, were definitely proved to have been the cause of the sounds weakly attributed to super natural causes. What sensible people want is not suggestions as to what may have caused the noises, but what actually did cause them ; and my object in addressing you is not to add to the vague conjectures with which we have been treated, or to draw con clusions from mere gossip, as if it were evidence, but to give an account of the exorcising of the supposed 'ghost' and the rehabilitating of a so-called ' haunted house ' by systematic procedure. As the case is almost identical in its main features with that of Ballechin, except that the sounds were somewhat more mysterious and were associated with alleged acts of violence and reports of apparitions, the method of exorcism should be in structive. The house is that in which I am now living (at Esher). It came into my possession three years ago. It had been for sale for ten years, and was in charge of a caretaker, who lived in \ cottage on the property. It was a long rambling house, built on diverse levels, and having upwards of fifty doors in it. Some part of the house was said to be 200 years old ; it was closely girt round with trees, and it was a picture of desolation, ruin, and damp. Several of the windows were entirely blocked by the branches of trees ; the principal garden of two acres was . a perfect jungie of unre strained growth ; and when I discovered the place the high wall that shut in the house from the road was orna mented with hftlf-a dozen tottering notice-boards, set up at various times by as many house agents, who had apparently forgotten them and left them to rot. Seeing that the roadway for a mile in either direction was un lighted, and that the silence ' of the night-time in the neighbourhood was profound, it is easy to conceive that an evil reputation should become associated with the house among the ignorant and superstitious. The gossip fermented for a twelve month without coming to my ears, but eventually developed into a com plete circumstantial account of the appearance, of a little white-haired lady, who announced her presence in an attic by sounds described as knock ing, bumping, scratching, and wailing; and I was positively assured that she had been seen to go. out of the window backwards. Certain bushes in the shrubbery were pointed out to me behind which she had been seen to disappear. The cook, whose room it was, stated that one night the whole of the bedclothes had been suddenly removed off her by ghostly means ; and when questioned closely, with furtive suggestions that imagination had something to do with the case, she indignantly piotcsted that she knew ghost sounds when she heard them, and had heard them in other places before. The reality 'of the conse quences of the incident became ap parentin the health of the servants. The ' haunted '' chamber was deserted, and the three of them congregated in one room, with lighted candle, in momen tary expectation of anything bnt sleep. Two of them gave notice to leave, and the third refrained only because, as she said, upon hearing the ghostly sounds she buried her head in the bedclothes that she might not see any thing. Passing by the intermediate stages of the development of the hallucina tion and one or two preliminary skirmishes in the way of inquiry, the departure of a third servant and the serious discomfort of those who re mained obliged me to take a serious view on the natter and get at the bottom of the case. The first part of the inquiry consisted in getting the facts, and with this object the servants were accommodated in other parts of the house. Sty son, who by pro fession knows the meaning of the word ' evide.nce,' and cau determine between a fact and a presumption, undertook to sleep in the ' haunted ' room for a month, the whole of lh« floor being unoccupied. On the first night nothing occurred, but about 1 o'clock in the morning of the second he was awakened by sounds so strange and yet so definite that there was no possibility of doubting the genuineness of the cause which had excited the vcmen servants. He described the '?rjtds as coming from no particular tuarter. They seemed to prevade the whole room, and they were of n character that defied definition. They were essentially of the ghostly order — wild, mysterious, and incomprehensible. There was the customary blow, the fall of a heavy object on the floor, the hurried passage down the corridor, and even the muffled Wail was not wanting to complete the fearful story of the past. A light and a survey of the entire floor discovered nothing unusual ; the sounds ceased as mysteriously as they had bfigun, and the silence that ensued added to the strangeness of the visitation. By this incident we had procured our first fact — that upon a perfectly calm night sounds of an unusual character were present in the particular room from no apparent cause ; and it may be added that they were heard only by the occupant of that room. Seven other people sleeping in other parts of the bouse heard nothing of the noises that awakened the in vestigator. Remembering that the mind is in capable of localising sound, it became necessary to localise the possible cause of the sound. The sounds, wo decided, could not have came from the room below, because there two agitated servants were enjoying their first night's rest for weeks ; the back of the room was an unoccupied attic, the east side was as outer wall, the west side was the stair landing, and the south looked out over the lawn and the river. The region above was unexplored, and incapable of explora tion, because access to it was attain able only by a long journey over ancient rafters. The local carpenter was called in, aud a trap door was made through the ceiling of the stair landing outside the door of the room. The investigator explored the region, and discovered four bats' nests,' and an opening under the eaves of the tiled roof. The bats were removed, and the liole was closed. There have been tio more ' ghostly ' sounds ; and this is no longer a ' haunted house.' Now comes the most interesting part of the investigation. In what way could bats give rise to these unearthly, mysterious sounds ; and what was the cause of the apparition 1 The graceful sweep of the bat through the air in the twilight we know from every- day experience; feut imagine the scramble a bat must make to cross the rafters and plaster above the oeiling. A flutter and a fall, a bumping sound, a rush as of garments rustling in a corridor, a scratching on the side of. the rafter in the effort to rise, and the chirruping of the young, eager for the return of the mother ; sounds that in the passage through the plaster .ceiling would be so . unusual as to excite the imagination of the superstitions to a condition equal to the imagining of any con ceivable horror. The bedclothes inci dent I put down to ' collective hallucination,' but the .apparition needs a word. The idea of the little white-haired woman was current as gossip ; and any shadow would natur ally assume that form to a rniad unsettled by the Bodden advent of strange sounds in the still hours of , the morning. I found a looking-glass j hanging on the side of the dormer I window, through which the apparition j was said to disappear. Lying on the j bed the least waving of the trees ' reflected in the glass could be seen in the form of vague shadows passing i to and fro. If suddenly awakened from sleep by strange unaccountable Bounds, and if, with the suggestion of the supernatural constantly in the mind, I had seen undefined shadows passing over that glass I should be very careful in saying what I saw or did riot see. . I cannot believe that even the most sane of the Psychical Research Society could be trusted to give a perfectly accurate account of what occurred around him in such circumstances. Given the incompre hensible sounds and the sudden awakening, it is difficult to conceive what monstrous growth of circumstance would not result. Worried to Death by a Dog. — A I shocking occurrence is reported from ) North Tipperary. During the training at Nenagh of the militia, Timothy Dwyer, of Burr road, a boy of 10 years of age, was watching the drill from a corner of the garrison field, whnn a large dog attacked dim, tore i his clothes off, aud began worrying i him in a fearful manner. The little ' fellow was quite unable to defend him self, and when, attracted by his cries, some of the militiamen ran to his ? rescue, lie was so horribly mangled that he died shortly afterwards. There were 28 wounds on the boy's body, portions of the flesh having been bitten off at each. The dog was shot imme diately after the occurrence. 