THE CR8TBS. Wfcootnuatoaatei b^YG-cae 7ri6ia'4 rat*? Oraofaeanmov«lhts msatioaiacla Qrlblo'jpaga? Pva»ieiiia errdrs to the.pi*blio ejd, . Mother (jrualf'6 latf Mem. for tlie 'Bulletin ' : 'Hop springs eternal on.the Premier's chest.— -'Orange Leader/ There is' no doubt that, on aocepted. ideas, Heaven will be an exceedingly lonely place to live in, for there cannot pessibly be a single damned soul in it. It is rumoured that the Napoleon of variety biz. will, to suit this festive season, be shortly photoed in the guise and garb of 'Emmanuel ' the ransomer of captive Israel. We hear (says the 'Orange Leader') that Premier lie id has consented to act as wicket-keeper in the next Test Match. Re wants to get into training for stump - ing the country. 'The Critio' was not aware. that we had a lady barrister, practising in Sydney, but the following exoerpt from tbe ' News ' tends to sbow he was wrong. 'Mrs Ralston proposed to ? ? ask Mrs Bennett etc.' The latest English . fashionable fad is a 'sun bath.' Yeu strip to only your hat and sit in tbe sun ; but,, of course, things are not allowed to get. mixed, and the sexes are, like bicycle - petticoats, well divided. Tbe policemen of Stockholm are said to be so highly educated that they have to pass an examination equal to a Sydney University B.A, degree. You can take B. A. to mean bash artist or boss arrester,' which you please. The Critic wishes to know, please, wherein lies the humor of remarks on shirt tails, split bloomers and pants, torn oats, and want of neck washing. This query comes along as a natural sequitur to a visit to an alleged theatre. ON A EEOENT SUICIDE. He out his throat, aud bled and died. 'lis sad, and food for contemplation I Bat 'twas bis weakness ,- he had tried To out the throat of federation ! —'Orange Leaden' How those journalists love one anothe: /.Here's a chance for the 'Moree News'' editor, Bays the ?Bin-'' gara Telegraph ' A. Melbourne paper contains the following advt : — Wanted — Trick monkey itor Christmas panto mime.' This paper used to think thought to be the slickest thing out,' but wben it rained last Tuesday it altered its little mind in favor of tbe 'bus horse on slippery wood blocks. For whilst yon are thinking he'll go down in a minute, he's already slipped and fallen. George Meredith, the novelist, com menting on the ' blueness * of up-to-date novels, says ' The leaves are falling, es pecially the figleaves, and life is being shown in its nakedness.' George M. evidently does not yearn after modern undress, not to say ' altogether-.' figtion. To a fair, perspiring damsel, Sitting by a busted oyole, With her bloomere ripped and meaeed, Cried s passing poison, kindly. Ait thou punotured, art tbou weary f Art thou sore distressed ? But over the rest of the story the Oritio prefers to draw a discreet curtain. Dead men tell no tales, but the hides of dead oows are frequently of extreme importance in the tales that arc told, of cattle stealing,— 'Exohange. Now you may hide a dead man's hide, Ths dead tell not your labors ; It wants a hide to hide tbe hide. Of oows you've ' pinched ' from neighbors. EXCITEMENT IN LONPON. These are the words of Ananias the ?able agent: — 'The test match in Sydney is oreating intense excitement in Lou don — Lord Salisbury has took to drink Through joyful jubilation, And Mr Gladstone's on tho brink Of mental aberration ! The Queen has danoed a Highland fling At Windsor; on the matting, And langhe aloud at everything ? Through Boo jit Sinhji'e batting i The great Lord Ohsnoellor is proud, While on the woolsack sitting ; And every -honr he reads aload What slops our chaps axe getting 1 Joe Oiumberlain's -orchids so they say, Went three days looking water; 'Cease Joe forgot 'em through the way McLaren led the slaughter! la London all the trains have stoppod, The oabs and omnibuses; The Jewish usurers have dropped The interest dee by Gussiss I Sir William Harooutt's joined a dab To praotlae at the wieket,' And Wilfred Lawson'a bought a pub ; They've all gone otooked through ariokeU Ths Stock Exohangv i* off lts dot; The Army's simply ratty ; Tha. Hotel Geaifis only got The piokles mads by Bottyb.' The Priaoe of Wales has lost his plaos And goaf away to Marling,. 'Ones Mrs Langtry alsppod bis faoe For celling her a Darling!' ' This 'Times 1 declares the match will prove Disastrous to the nation , Ah Now South Wolds will stud^y move .In Ooforad Immigration ! Load abeam arise atoirary oatdh And soieama at twwy mm data, Bseanss thiamarveUoas criokat mnioh Hhbo sxoltsd London I — 'OraogaLeadgr' Lord Charles Beresfcrd's coachman was fined 20 bob and costs the other day in Loudon, 'for driving his master at over the rate of four miles per hour. Just imagine -a Sydney transit .officer pulling up a Sydney shoddy toff a trap for a similar misdemeanor ! Or for that matter fancy a Sydney stipendiary dealing with Lord Muck's J fthu 1 In a bar in George-street there is a gilded glass - advertisement which is a curiosity; It states that the ' Boss Paper, the 'Bulletin,' is price threepence, and is owned by Haynes and Archibald.' It would be worth the 'Bulletin's' while to snare that relic of bygone struggles. Even the 'Bulletin' oouldn't afford to be too lofty once upon a time. That sublimated Queensland milk boy, Byrnes, Attorney-General and Nelson sycophant, having self-invited himself 'to the Jubilee, is still vaporing around England and letting off clap-trap to the wondering natives. So far he has pre served a discreet silence on the ' Steal rails ' and 'Q. N.' Bank Swindle ' indus tries, though ha prates constantly of 'our great resources.' Up in Brisbane, a local preacher an nouncing a tea and bun worry, said the ad mission would be one, shilling, but that '.those who are, donors will be admitted free.'. And when a student of Chevalier's coster songs tried, to bustle in his ' donah ' on the niddy nod, and there was trouble atthe turnstile, it was once again proved that the English' language is not suf ficiently comprehensive. Why do the trustees of the Cricket Ground persist in forcing down our throats that the. 'interests of the public' were the inspiring motive of the post ponement of the Late test mutch i The rather clever epigram of a certain M.P. of the N.S.W. Assembly might be here aptly applied :— T ,ree in One and Oae in Three, Blessed Trinity — £ e, d, The Minister for Works is about to do a deed of daring, all in the Public Interest, of course. He will absolutely ascend Mount Kosciusko I Possibly he considers the summit a likely spot for a pumpkin and potato patch* As it is desirable for the Commonweal to gain something by Young's great feat, Tbuth suggests that wheu he has climbed to the lofty apex he should simply remain there. ... Tbcth* s exposure of the Prince Alfred Hospital alleged scandals has borne prolific fruit in the form of numerous attestors to the facts stated coming into the office, and not only corroborating but enlarging upon the matters set out in the article upon this institution. It only remains to be seen what steps the authorities intend taking to put an end, once and for all, to the appalling state of things desoribod. We were oablecrammed tbe other day with a yarn that the Doek of York and his missus were about to visit Australia Society gasped at the soulful news, aud collapsed wben the stuffing came out Now, en authentic Yankee information, it appears that the heir to tbe throne is about to trot around the United States as his papa, Tummy, did iu tbe early sixties. Already it is rumored that Republican Yanks are going ratty over this. They think that Demooraoy is spreading to rights because tbe Loudon housewife takes in her half ton of Lord London derry's coals, purchases her cheese from, tbe Earl of Harrington, and kicks up a sbine with Lord Sndeley, because the last tin of raspberry jam wasn't sweet enough I Gorsavos I In Emerald, Queensland, Lord Londonderry's own brother occupies the lofty and high-toned position of night* cart man. Which is what we call being fairly In it A Klondyke correspondent tells ns that a consumptive miner -who had been ont in a bad dust storm, having subsequently coughed up £25 worth of fine gold dust, a large syndicate is being formed to run a mob of asthma, bronchitis and catarrh patients whose anriferous expeetorations will be treated on scientific principles with indi- spufa-bly good returns. This seems a great soheme, begob I Bat what's the matter with Spitz-bergen as a venue* for a similar undertaking ? So J. T. Neale's estate had to fork out £41,318 towards .the atrophied revenue of this sunny home of the foreign trader. Pass along the tom-tom He gazed in sorrow from tbe skies. The tears welled 'neaih his eye-lid^ And tiros in sod soliloquise - He murmurs, ' Woe for my quids 1' ' One and forty thousand worth,' - 'Ah! how my ghost will miss-it, 'I laid up treasure on the earth 'To save Reid a dofioit t' The life-saving swine has been exe cuted and salted, and is now on view at Horderns, and this is his epitaph t— . Poor Pig ! you swam ashore through stormy salt sea wavo! Through you the Kameruka'i passengers their booou save! With courage rash You bravely apltsh When they were God-facssken.' Now your reward Is to be eared. And paddled ont as booon! The difference ! A brntal hoodlum may smash a bottle in a passing oitizen's faoe, disfiguring him for life, or even, as was not long ago the case, first driving him insane and then to a lingering death, and fet oS, on the plea of 'mistake' or 'aooi enV with a LOs fine. The other side , shows a magistrate, at the Glebe court, fining a boy of seventeen £S and J*1 fia 4a .costs, or four months, on a charge of \- i ? V having thrown a stone over a fence, which hit a man, sitting on a doorstep, on the back. Where is the line drawn ? Merry England I Certain . large em ployers: in tbe Black Country hugely sup plement their incomes, not only by a system of fines and low wages, but through these their wretched slayas are forced to borrow a bit to go on with. The leans are let out by agents, of the firms, and tbe interest is only live shillings in thepound per week'. Only 1300. per cent per annum I And beyond all this soul grinding and blood suoiing the workers, already in the chains of usury, BTe obliged to buy from the shops and pubs which are sb a matter of fact really ran by their slave driver bosses. Lord 1 how long ? Street collections on bebalf of hospitals are to cease in London, etc. Tbe authori ties, police, municipal and hospital, have come to the conclusion that the whole thing is a big mistake, for three reasous, the first of whioh is that it opens up a big avenue for fraud ; the second, that it is a bad thing for good-looking girls te have to solicit ana beg in the streets ; and the third and tbe strongest; that the hospitals have lost more than they gained. The irritation of the collecting box, with its distracting rattle, catches, it is said, a large number of small ceina, tbe givers of which, thuely easing their consciences, are lest as yearly subscribers. It is intensely amusing to see the rush for tho penny public's spoil, that the rival morning dailies are making. 'Granny 1 used to have a monopoly of the diaphanous slush and high life below stairs and back stairs chronicling, of which Henry Lucy weekly delivers himself. Now the King-street organ is following in the same swim of hog-wash, in the way of personal twaddle from London. Last tVednesday, its special correspondent devoted the best part of a column to a laborious lead — up to the fact that ouce he spoke to Lord Dufferin. 'The Kiug spoke to me once.' 'What did he say ?' 'Damn your eyes ! get out of the way.' A suburban kindergarten teacher got a bad set-back a week ago with the follow ing questions and answers Teaoher : 'Now, children, I told you yesterday about the' various materials from which your dresses are made — silk, wool, and cotton. Let me see how well you re member. Maggie, where did the material come from of which your dress is made P' Maggie : ' It once grew upon the back of a sheep.' Teacher : ' Very good ; and yours, Blanche ?' Blanche: 'My dress ouce grew upon the back, of a sheep, and a part of it was spun by the silkworm.' Teacher : 'Correct And yours, Lucy ?' Lucy (with evident embarrassment) : ' My dress was made out of au old one of mamma's.' T'other day, whilst travelling in a Glebe Point tram, I was told the following amusing Btory by a Sunday-school teacher, who is also a - very innocent child. During last Sunday evenings service st Glebe Point, the parson announced that all women having ohildren te be christened had better remain after the servioe and have the ceremony performed. Tbe verger, who is a deaf old oodger, thinking the parson was speaking abont hymn-books, improved tbe occasion by adding, ' And any one that has none, if they call on me at the vestry, I will supply them ; for limp backs tbe charge will be 2s each, and for stiff baoka 3s.' Then the choir struck up, ' Ob that will be joyful,' accompanied by tbe organ. Manufacturers quiokly seize upon opportunities for extending their busi ness, aud not one of them is more on the alert than the producer of bicycles. Swift to recognise the fact. that a tandem cycle, whioh is just the very thing for a courting couple or a pair of honey mooners, becomes quite unsuitable when the muchly-married pair have come to loggerheads, a baok-to-baok tandem cycle has been designed. The lady, of course, takes the captaincy of the craft which sails along on its indiarubber keel, while i the wretched husband pedals away in the rear for all he is worth, not knowing (as is the oase with most husbands) whither he is being dragged, though he himself provides a large percentage of the motor power. News comes from New Guinea to the effect that the usual has happened in the matter of the wholesale destruction of the rubber trees by the natives. It has been stated that rubber trees of a certain kind could be profitably grown. , in northern New South Wales: Unfortun ately the idea did not emanate from the great 'I am's* of the Agricultural Department who, being au fait in their own opinion on everything whioh the soil nurtures, have expressed themselves adverse to the scheme. Their knowledge of rubber growing is, by the way, so ex tensive that they absolutely admitted that had never heard of the tree' men- tioned. Which ignorance, all the same, did not prevent them blocking the busi ness. And of such is the kingdom of oivil service humbug ! The contention raised by a correspondent In another column, that the Labor Bureau is not of mnoh benefit, is evidently borne ont by a cemplaist made to Teeth by a poor fellow the other day. He applied at tba Bureau for work, and was sent to a job at - Manly. - A memo, te tba Pert Jackson ah Co., signed by somebody pro J. G; that tbe person into whose employ he was going would pay ths faro, was ignored, and It oast the peer devil lui lost ooin to roaoh the village; only to And as voosnsy. It hod been filled ths ds^ or*, viens. As the labor Bureau people had been advised the man waa wanted at eaoe, it would seem that their remisaaesa oest this peer de\£ his last coin and the chanoo of 'souie little comforts at tbis ' festive season. Surely better results ore expected from such on expensively, run concern. Tbe enfant perdu of European royalty, is undoubtedly Legshow Leopold, Kiug of the Belgians. Tbis hoary old johnny do-' lights in music balls, behind the soene f unnimente, (gambling shops and ' high toned or low- toned . bfetheti. And yet be cause a German editor remarked in hiaj paper that King Leopold perhaps made a bit out of the Ostend roulette joint, Wil liam the wilful, bf 1 crown of thorns ' feme, htm jugged the poor Bcribe for an eight stretch. Oh Lor ! if John Norton lived in Sausage and Lsger Land be would long ago have experienced something with boiling oil in it But to libel Leopold is an impossibility, for just new he is modi*' taring a trip to New York, because Mdile Cleo de Merode of the Madonna faoe and beauteous danoiug has gone there And talking of libels ' it has leaked out that Wiliium the Sere-ear haa been complain ing', per his Ambassador, of tbe nasty tbings tbe English press have been styiag about him. Bill the King says be doesn't object to fair criticism — which is lucky— ? but he bates being ridiculed when he is acting. That's whore the trouble is. He / is always playing playing tragic and heroic parts, in bis mind, and yet the frivelqua English presman will peraiat in taking him to be a glorified Charlie Fanning, THE FLAG. What is tho flag of England ? Ask of the Soudanese, Of tbe tribes in charge of the British fiq Who dwell in the Indian Beat. Ask of the Maori heroes. Or the Khedive, they will know. How the Flag oan wave oe'r the Batons brave In tha face of the helpless fee 1 What is the flag of England ? The Chinese answer shrill, That the British guns made the Flowery eon To swallow the opinm pill ! Bat, oh, when the power of Europe Stands firm to thet Baton's Imp, A The Lord of the Turin; then the smirks, ?'''$21 And the English flags hange limp! ? What is the flag of England? - ; j. .*-? /I 'Tis the flag of the London Jew, ? 'V. 'lis the flog that savea .all the xoguN ? knaves '- iJiSSj From the wrath of the loyal attS' tnu, . ; '%M 'Tis tha flag— T j, The above lines are from the pea ?? ^ 'The Colonel' in the 'Orange Leaderf ' :§ but why, oh why, did he break off jaat : - there. 'The Critic' would so like to ? hear the finish, ' ij; A carious, story of a fight with del peradoes comes from Wheeling; West ,'T-^I Virginia, United States. It is stated, saysDalziel's news agency, that Chilton : - Hickman, the leader of a gang .of gun ' whose speoialty was the robbing of the mails, and who was himself noted ?'[: ''q throughout Nicholas country as a moon* ? tain desperado, fell in love with a girl, who returned hia affection, but did not , ??' -?l approve of his mode of life. She induced ' ?$ him to go with her to a prayer-meeting. ?. ... J at a little log meeting-house one Monday -night, and while they were kneeling to^ ? .? % gether before the altar, District Marshal ' #! Rodera and a posse of men surrounded ' the church and summoned the desperado 1 .' ! ' and his band to surrender. Hickman ' ' cried out to bis followers, 'Trust in the Lord, boys, but grip your Winchesters.* N The battle between the two forces lasted- ; . * - two hours. Roders was shot down at the - first volley, but not killed, and was able to direct the operations of his men. Hickham at last exposed himself at one ' of the widows, and, falling back almost riddled with bullets, died in the girl't .. arms. The rest- of his gang then sur rendered. Three of the attaakirig posse - ' were wounded. A woman in the congre gation was shot in the neok, and her baby lost an arm. This was the church militant up-to-date sure, enough. It's hard luck we never see any little fun like it in St Jamas' or St Andrew' a Cathedral. Fbidb Comes Bbfobi a Fau. How the high and mighty strut around In deer old Sydney town ; They never think how simple 'tii, wben up, ti tumble down. ? Should they brash egeinet a Wotting w»»yt ok heavens I how they frown, \ ' Our bloated aristocracy, whose gold bought sooh renown. \ ' For instance, there's that banket, who, a lea short years ago, \ - rf Was in among the big bug gnats at 'Gown- S. \- ment Houee,.yoq know; -- j-ci.-. ?- T But since, he's bOan k guest (iletwhere, -*( \ -f four stone walls; I // -And don't it prove my adage true, ' Pride camei V:V-_ . before a fejL Now, take the great Napoleon— act of Cutis resgb-street fame But the terror of all Europe, when men trembled at hie name; The boast of France was that he hell ths world beneath his eway. They quite forgot the little lite; not many miles away. The garden pf the shamrock, the thistle and tig rose Never since hai slipped their memoiy, and event body knows How Wellington met * Boney don't n am history to yeeall, Brave Bonsy found, to his dismay, 1 Pride cornea before a felt* - Now, yon mighty, shuffling Ministers, take warning while there's time, For you're only there on ssffmnoe, you're pride is in iu prime; For, as God mad* little applet, yofll he wiped on t vary noon. Protection's at your girths absriy. 'fl'U lent yoa bed by jane. 