ENGLISH MAIL STEAMER. The incoming boat is bringing a ship- ment of Ogden's Celebrated Guinea Gold Cigarettes, pure and mild. Y.M.C.A. The third meeting in connection with the universal week of prayer for young men was held last evening in St.. George's schoolroom, Battery Point, by permission of Canon Banks Smith. Mr. G. S. Crouch, president of the association, was in the chair, and an address was given by the Rev. B!. V. Heath, the subject being "Have jo received the Holy Ghost since ye believed The young men present were urged to seek this power for their own lives, and' to enable them to reach other young men. All present felt the meeting had been most helpful. Concert at DaoMEnARy. - On Friday evening, 12th (at., the annual concert in connection with the Dromedary school was given. A full house greeted the performers, and a good round sum was realised for the Christmas prizes. The concert was a marked success, the efforts of the various performers being greatly appreciated and heartily applauded. Mr. johnston kindly acted' as, chairman, and the following ladies and gentlemen took part Mises James, Jeffrey, Barlow, and Smith; Messrs. Andrewartha, Brown, Miller, ' Laughton. Paul, barlow, Whittington, and Martin. After the concert the room was cleared for a dance, which was kept up until the small hours. Burnie Boundaries. We have received the following :-" In your issue of the 12th lost, there is a romantic description of the township of Burnie, thus Extending as it does from the River Cam, and including Somerset, to the Blythe River. This description is misleading to those who do not know the limits of Burnie, which are from the entrance of the River Emu, three miles south, thence west to the River Cam. thence north to Bass Straits, thence east to the point of commencement. The Blythe River' is several miles east of the eastern limits of Burnie, and Somerset is west of its western limits, the River Cam is between them." Y.M.C.A. A meeting in connection with the universal week of prayer will be held at the Primitive Methodist Chapel to night. An address will be delivered by the' Rev. W. Shaw. Ministering Children's Lkacjue,-A concert. will be given in the New Town Wesleyan Sunday-school on Friday evening in aid of the funds of the Ministering Children's League. A well-arranged programme will be submitted, and the members of the Bijou Amateur Dramatic Club will lend their assistance, St. John's, Goulburn-street Preliminary announcement is made of tableaux from Lord Leighton's pictures, etc., to be given to the schoolroom on Tuesday evening next, 23rd inst. ZANZIBAK.-T1IK UPPER DISTRICTS OF THE Canoe. Kevern ! Wood Poisons 11 etc. "En s Fruit Salt' sh without doubt first in its class In Febrifuge preparations. During journeyings from Zanzibar to the upper districts of the Congo, as well oh a long residence in the Tropics, I have never felt Hufo without it. Yours truly.-" Veritas." Its effect upon any disordered and feverish condition is siMl'LT marvellous, le In in fact Nature's own Remedy, and an unsurpassed one. Cam Lee. -Hee capable marked Eno's Fruit Bass WltlM«tU]r9«lMra» wotrran^MxisiûaTio» ' 