COUNTRY; OPINIONS. . ' l . On the Federal Elections. Tlie Labour Party Annihilated. The Country Press on the Demo- .cratio Ten— Observations on the People's Choice. It is. interesting at this juncture to chronicle what the mouthpieces /of .the country districts have to say about, the Federal elections. As a, rule the papers circulating there are undisguisedly satisfied with the result. Whilst re gretting the introduction . of sectarian ism into the contest they are severe up on the Democratic Ten. : ' The Dubbo "Despatch" is satisfied with che ten, and vlgourously expresses its gratification at the defeat of alleged labour. " Putting aside the regrettable out burst of sectarian rancour which the election evoked — and which proves how easy it is for mischievous men to start a blaze — THE CHOICE OF THE ELECTORS MUST BE COMMENDED." it says. " The impossible party in our political life — the nominees of the labour leagues — received a set-back which must seriously damage and discredit It. Even its- leader, although he had the support of the Loyal Orange Institution, could ' not get a place in the selected. His colleagues were absolutely, nowhere In the race. The ten were, Indeed, smitten hip and thigh — routed all along the line. If the Federal election did no thing else, It has conferred a great pub- lie service In showing that this party ' HAS LOST THE CONFIDENCE ... OF THB MAssES. ' But yesterday, It might say, ' we could have stood against the colony, now none so poor as to do us reverence.' The party invited its own annihilation. Like the Gadarene swine its members rushed down the incline Into the sea, and prac- ticully committed suicide. With regard to the selected candidates It was only reasonable to suppose that Mr. Barton should top the poll. He is popular with all classes. He was on all bunches, and the vote given him was practically unanimous." The Maltland "Mercury" is of the same opinion. Speaking of those elect ed it says: — . "They are all but one tried and valu able public servants, who have had ex perience in parliamentary work, in ministerial office, in the chair of the House of Representatives. We may as sume that they represent the opinions of those among the electors who are content to walk In old and tried ways. WHO SHUN DANGEROUS EXPERI MENTS In politics, and who desire to achieve federation on a sound and just basis. But the ten elected are on the whole the best ten. And the selection made Is pretty tolerable proof that the people of New South Wales were somewhat ma ligned when they were credited with apathy on the question of federation. The Newcastle "Morning Herald" has a healthy leader upon the results. "The election," says that paper, "will be generally regarded as the satisfac tory outcome of a contest unique In the history of the colony. For once in the history of New South Wales the roads- and-brldges' member found his proper level, and the successful ten are not all members of Parliament. One of the features of the election Is the failure of the labour candidates to accomplish success. Even Ml'. M'Gowen, whose name was Included in several import ant bunches, was not required by the electors for the transaction of federal business. The reason is not far to seek. The so-called labour candidates HAD AN IDEAL ;SO HIGH that the ordinary variety of politician could not attain to lt.If it had been pos sible for the ten men of the bunch to be elected the result would have boon not the promotion but tlie stoppage of all federal business ill the Convention. In the "Cowrn Free Press" a corres pondent says:— "We don't want wind bags like M'Gowen and I-Iolman. The latter gentleman reminds me of the 'Nebraska boy orator.' A'boy orator,' like a 'boy preacher' or a 'boy actor,' is a well understood phenomenon. Dr. Johnson said, 'A woman preaching re sembles a dog walking on its hind legs. The thing was not done well, and the wonder lay In Its being done at all.' This exactly describes the 'boy orator' or 'boy preacher' that every now and then emerge from their shells. A CRUDE YOUTH, WITHOUT KNOWLEDGE, but blessed wltli a big voice and cursed with an utter lack of natural modesty, combined with a fatal gift for stringing big words together, Is discovered, and, in contempt alike for reason and hu manity, he is set shouting as an exhi bition before Idle crowds. What pos sible equipment of knowledge, wise judgment or faculty for guiding public ODinion could a boy have who, < WHEN SCARCELY OUT OF KNICK ERBOCKERS, commences shouting the platitudes of his party in the ears of groat jiubllc meetings?" The "Tamworth News" has nothing but congratulations on the result. They say: — "We can certainly congratulate' the colony upon tlie fact that whether the 'best 10" have been chosen or not there can be no disputing that the elec tors have secured the services of 10 of the best, and that the Interests of New South Wales and also of Australia will be perfectly secure In their keeping. No higher compliment could possibly be paid to tlie Intelligence of the electors as a whole than that they have made their selection so wisely and well." The "National Advocate" /praises the result, though not warmly. "It must be admitted," It remarks, "that the se lection is a very good one, although not the best one that could have been made. Mi'. R. E. O'Connor and Mr. Barton stood by the cradle of federation when the late Sir Henry Parkes nursed It as a political weakling, and ever since no two public men SO PERSISTENTLY AND CONSIST ENTLY ADVOCATED UNION. Very properly the former heads the poll with an enormous majority. ;Mr. J. T. Walker is an unknown man. in the arena of politics, but his recent de liverance on the finance aspect of fe deration .together with his connection with several large financial and Insur ance corporations easily accounts for his election. He will have . the oppor tunity of making his mark later on. So far, however, he has only been taken on trust." The "Cooma Express" Is not altoge ther pleased. It has a word or two to say. "The battle," It remarks, "has not been a fairly fought one, as the Intro duction of sectarianism made it some thing like elections of the time when poor old Parkes used TO WORK THE KIAMA GHOST for all It was worth. That those bigoted, narrow-minded people who set up the first cry against Cardinal Moran's can didature should have succeeded, by pursuing their cowardly tactics, In keeping the Cardinal from amongst the chosen ten we much regret, as It goes to show that our people are not as free and enlightened as we are so often ask ed to believe." It also thinks that seve ral young Australians "should have commanded the votes of their fellow countrymen in preference to such shoddy, shady sharpers as some of those worlced-out, one-idead and spine less men elected, who have made poli tics a trade and have bo often ' diddled ' the electors in the past." The Brisbane " Telegranh " seems slightly annoyed. "The Federal Con vention elections in the south," It de clares, "have resulted In the choice of just the men who would have been se lected in the case of Ministerial or Par liamentary nomination." 