fe»;iiai3KEEl]SV':y:' ? ? [?] V ?;';'vBY^BDia;'LY1Ali.' . i CHAPTER XXXVII; (Continued.) ' -.'-? .Max spent hio Eaator on the railroad, ',' And arriving in Englnndr wont otraight ;.'? down to addrosa 'a mooting of tbo Fir '??: dale eleotore. Ho upoko with otndied /.' moderation, bat did not oocapo a cortain ' amount of ? heckling ' with rogard to ?'? .' ht« brief otay in Kilmcinham. Still, hio ' old popularity otood mm id goori oto&d;, and tho knowlodgo tbct tho conteot . '. wenld ba a aovoro ono provod otirnulat ; Ing when ho V7OQ actually at work. Firdale wao also a Iittlo projudiood in T' bit favour by tho toaoh of python in \- hI»Bolharinono.: Thoro waa no chcorful ^'$pu'B9 party thio timo j Monkoa Vornoy ?'' wm in the hando of otrangor3. Tbero ' y^u no sweetfacod Mrn. Moroford driv ^'ing abott the Firdalo otrooto ; obo had long einoo bien o&lled; away. Thero '.. Wm'oo bright Iriah ginger to draw big au'dierioei and to ohe»r end inspirit tho ' «leotor» ; she, report aaid, had jilted the : . yoong 'qulr*, probably for the aako of ?o'me worthiest oompatrioV ' /' AU,tbU?totdinbi» favour; andv7hon thV'poll waa deolafad j it proved that the : ' liberal* had amajbrity of flfty-eix, upon ; whioh*thera was of opoias great jabila ' Uon ; and M»r. in a dream-like way, . - did all tfcftt w*« expected of him, shook Hahda with the. defeated candidate, ' ?tapped on to the baleonj,. aaid the few .'manly and modest words toat he ought ; to have' ekid, and was loudly obeered by thecrtwd. Butallth«time he felt a ', miserable Robing -void which utterly 'married his triumph. Everywhere he '' saw the loving bine eyes that had look '. ' ' «d into his We tenderly on the day of ' bis defeat ; through oil tbo ohooro of the crowd be hoard Doreon'o ronponco to , tola question whothernoxt timo ho oliould have her holp, * Wby o2 coumo \ you , ' wWalwayo havo it whon you want it.' i ' That aftorncon bo walked oat quito '.alone to Monkton Vernoy,. longing to get away from Firdalo, longing for ? peace and qaiot. Taking a ohort cut . across the park, ho ouancod to oomo *' iioroBs ' old Oc.ody, who had already heard of bio triumph ond woo full of oongraiulationo, ' And ob, oirr' oho ; ' addod, ? I'm main glad tho ghoat'c- laid. . /Hayd thoy told you ?' .' ', ? ? Why, that'o good hearing,' be said, ' with a laugh. ? Tho houro will let f cr more easily if. th&t; idlo talo is knooked on the bead.' ? Woll, sir, it wen Miea O'Ryan ; Bho 1% wrote and just what it w.io' end we'vo :? all seen it now ; but oho woo tbo one .that was bold onougb to walk right up to it, and till oho touobod tbo baro wall . ' ' .with hor own hand eho thought it wao his lordohip,' * When WQ9 MIdb O'Ryau horo ?' at-kee) ,Max, with oouriouo twingo of pain at . ; bis heart. And Goody, nothiug loatii, ; gave him a graphic doaoription of tho ' ; rleit oarly iu January, end took great delight in okowing him tho gargoylo : jwhioh had go long boon terrifying tho ', people by ito lifo-bko obadaw. Max, . when he . had tskon loevo of tho old ? crone, wandorcd on to tho ohurchyar-i, ?'?? thinking oves iho otory bo hod juot , i heard. '. *. My bravo Doroon!' ho oaid to him :.:. .self, ' that waa ossctly liko you ; your -heart tbrobbod ond your knoeo trcrablod ; but you walkod straight up to tbo ghost ???' and laid hold of it.' '??.?'?'- Tho wind oigbed drccrily through tho churchyard trcon and ooemed again to ' ispeat thono hauuiiuG wordo, — You will always havo it whon you wcut it.' ' He went ond Btood for c, momont, with .. bared head, booido hiu motbor'o grave , There waa tlio vro^tb oC Y/bich Gcodv '?'?'?' had spokon, tho ottering of lovoly whito . flowcre which Doracn bad opectally brought ovor from Guilfo'.'d on bio ^toother's birabdey. Ho liii^oolf had for ; '?'-,. gottou the day allogothor. 16 io only ?:' women who romombor thoBO Iittlo doli '.. ;:'eate toucheo which comotimoo, by tholr :J ';Very finonooo, do mor« to brichtou oud .?'.'?^console than far moro colid bito of worlc. ; V.^ho b;A comobow found ticio for thought . ;-in,tho rnidot of bor buoy lifo, and ho in *,hie wealth o£ lnisure had forgotten. .''. :'.' * Bog pardon, nir,' oaid tbo old ao^ton, ,'\ hobbling up co Max turned away from .the grave. ' Shall I tidy up the turfa a ? ^lt, and thsoT/ uway that tUoro doad /?wrVifttJP' 1 No,' feaid Max, glancing at the brown and shrivelled Remains y ' leave all just Mitis.r- A/.r^'v./ '-j '}:???; . ? '7 ,1'in glad to hearjV ybur BUocesB, - sir,' said the old man, 'and I hope I see yon bett«r.V/'-v- - ? ? ?' ?' ' ' ? Thank you, Brown. Yes ; I am (juito'well. Good day.' And in no mooc^to bear another word, Max loft the churohyard, and walked droarily back to Firdalor without daring to glance at hio old homo or at Rookobury. CHAPTER XXXVI II. It was quito lato in tho ovoning whon Doroen arrivod nt the prioon. Sho look od up at tho high, blank wallo and at tho grim, cr3yr battlomontod ontranco, and ohuddorcd ii Iittlo, ' Thoy'll not koop you to tho prison faro,' ouc;r7cil hor cttondant, giving hor a long, cenrcatng: look.. ?» Food will bo opccially ordered in for you - to-morrow. Tho gao will bo turned off in twenty minutca.' ? . . ... 'Thank you/ aaid Doreon. 'Good aipht.' , . . To tbio romark the warder ? mode no rooponao. Doroen obivored. W'ton tho gas was suddenly tarn od off, and sho groped hvt v+ay ocroos the coll to tho moot unyielding matroBo it had over been bor fato to lio on, & suddon, dreadful craving for Mollio and Bride and the familar room in Ber arrd Street, with the Iittlo lamp bo neath Max Hereford's oroea, . oamo over her and aha burst into an agony of tears. At that moment the warder wao re marking to OD« of her eompaniono, ? It'o the very first of -them, strongmlnded fo malao I've set eyes on? « And I heard the police ss brought htr say she' waa ? rare plucked ono,' remarked another warder. - He oaid she stood up as bold as could bo boforo ?the magistrate/ and quoted tho Biblo againot him.' * Lawka I' aaid the other. ' Io thero anything in Soripturo to ouit with tbo Land League P' Doroon woko at loant a dozon ticacc during tho night. She wondered much what Mas v?onld cay to tho noT7o. Would ho bo juofc a Iittlo corry for hor? Would ho dofond hor whon othor pooplo oaid horoh tbingo ? V/ould bo onco moro be otirrod into tr.ying to corvo Iro lcnd, or would ho only fool thankful thit ho wao out of tho ctrifo in the ounny oonth? Would ho bo glad to thinls that they no longer bolongod to eaoh other? But at that intolorablo thotrght she onco moro broko down and oobbed kar heart out. ' It ion't truo ! Ho io mine— I am his — whatever hap pono t Hio though I can do nothing for him— nothing I Oh, Man I M-ax t Max t Como beck to mo ! Coco baok 1' But her bravo opirit ooon roco abovo the otorm of emotion. ' I cm a fool,' sho oaid, drying hor oyoo j ' God haonot allowod mo to bo oont hero without como good puTj-.oco, — perhapo, aftor ell, I can oorvo Iroland bottor in priGon than at lcrgo. It'o a lio that I can . do nothing for Maz ; I oan holp liira ovon i£ ho hatoa mo. Ohr iny God t Io6 mo holp him 1 I cok for nothing moro but juot to holp him!' And oo tho throo monfchc begen, and tho firot month ooomod liko a yoar } for it weo long boforo Doroon oould grow accuatomod to tho doadly monotony thct contraoted go' chcrply uith hor ordinary lifo. The Booond month, howovor, pcosod muoh moro quickly Sho had rocovorod from tho oovere cold which had follow ed on the fatigue and oxpooure sho had undorgono on the day of hor crreot. Slowly, vory olowly, the April dayo paosod on. At laot the hour .of her re Io&qo; approaohod, and hor feco wao radiant ac oho quitted tho prioon and joined Donal Mooro'o wife, who had como to tho couth to moot hor. Miohaol and Dormot W9ro on tiho platform4, and their oagor delight at gottinrj bor baok once moro, their vooifarouo grootingo, their intonco oxoitomont, tnedo hor for got all hov fatigue. Sno oprang out of tho cab end haot onod into tho bouoo, whero Mollio end Bride camo flying downotr.iro to cling round hor nook with tho oagor, ohild liko lovo which hor hoart had boon r.oh ing for all thoao woaiy montho. And ihon oaino Aunt Garth'a tondor and ra'hor tromulouo ombraco, and Undo Garth'o kindly wolcomo. Laot o£ all, thoro wao llajjcr Muohraoro'o warm ro» ooption in tho snug Iittlo nuroory. v , Why, for tbo land's eako ! what havo thoy boon doing to you in prioon f nho oaid. \- . '.They certainly didn't ataxjve ros,'. said Doreen, laughing. ' I WaV- well' treated ; there was a great deal moro sent in than I could eat. Why ore you staring so at mo P It'o month's sinoe I saw a looking glaoo. To thero any change In my face P' Sho laughingly orooped the room to an old mirror that hung above the mantlo pieco, ' Ah, my oho»ko havo fallen in rathor, and my oyoa look bigger. Novor mind. Homo will coon euro me.' Thoy wor'o otill laughing ond talking round tho tea table, whon tho norvant oamo to nnnounco that Mr. Farrant wao in tbo drawing room. Doroon, with an oagor hopo thct ono might loam como thiijg aboci Ma:: from bic f*ior-d, ran swiftly dov7H3tairo, glad to moot onco moro a znnn for whom oho had r, pro fount5, rnapect. ? I havo not como to dotain you long,' oaid tho mombor for Groyohot, taking hor hand in hio. ? I only wanted to woloomo you back c^r.in, ond to bring you tho good nov7o, if, indcad, como ono hao not alroady forootcllcd me' ? What nowo r' cho nokod ocgorly. ? ♦Tbo Chiof Scorotcry hao rooignod,' eaid Donovan Forrant. ? It ccoau thr,t ot laot tho Englinli govcrnruont and tho Irioh pooplo aro looming to truot oaoh other, aro willing to orcdit occh ofchor with, honoat intontionD, and to work hamioniouoly for the good of Iroland. Tho priconora oro to bo roloc,;od. Thoro io to' bo- no ronor/al of tbo Coercion Act.' Doroon'o faco grow radiant. Thank Godl' oho ooid rovorontly. « Thn ni:;ht of raicary io ovc;% at laot.' ? Now I nhall not otav a momont lon gor,: c^id Donovcu Farrr.nt, ? for I know your Iittlo ncoplo uro hungoring for you cftor this lo^^' abo'jnco.' { Io llvDr Fcrrcnt woll ?' aoked Doroon. ?Sho io vory woll thank you. By tbo byo, you havo lic;ivd, I onppooo, of tho lato oloction at Firdalo '{ Mr. Stcolo disd wbiio you v/oro in prioon, and Max Hoi'oford in juot oloctod. Ho took hio ocst only ynntorday. Thio will bo a very cuopjeiouo timo for tho beginning of hT.-i publio life' Thio nowo ucomud to Ull Domon'o oup o£ b^poinc:^ .-o i -o brim. Ho? prcyora hr,cl bcoa anovoivd^ Ucn h.id loifc tho unoaticfactorjr lifo of purpoaolcco ucn doring abroad,- und had como baok to work at tho VGry timo whon ho coald beat b&ivo; be? country. , CHAPTER XXXIX. 1 Signor Donati ond hio wife have come to aeo you,' annouuood- ISiohael, ubout ten o'clock on tho following morning. ' I ouppooe thoy hevo juot callod on thiir way to ohui-oh,' aaid Doroon ; ' it'o very kind of thorn to look mo up oo ooon. ' You must think it very otrongo for uo to come to you go oarly ; but It wao ell Forrior's doing,' oaid Donati. ' Ho woo on hio way himself to ceo- you, but he ohrank from being tho boaror of bad nowo. Ho porauadod uo to come inotoad.' ? ' What howe ?'' said Doreon, inotantly taking alarm. ' A call hao como for all your courago, for' all your faith in God,' ho oaid rapidly. ? Juat whon your hopca for Iroland woro brightoot, juofc wliGn Eng land oeonaod boginning to undorotand tho juotioo of youvcounti'y'o cduco, thoro hao- bcon c ghcofcly tragody, a murdor by oomo vilo nicoronatn, which will for a timo cli'oncto the cympathicD of the Englioh.' Sho grippod hio hand. ? Toll mo quickly,'. Jbo'criod, in a voico that vibrated with 'an aj:otiy that no wordo could doooribe. ' Who- hao boon inurdored ?' Fbr'cnaworko pn£ xnto hor hando a noto containing thcr hastily written, almoafc bvoken-boartod words in \7ni0b Donal Mooro had convoyort to Forriov tho nowo of thcu horviblo trngody \7hi0h do otrangoly unitod, in one- common nov row, ono indignant protoat, tho Englioh and tho Iriok nationo. Dorcan road tho ncmoo of tbn viotimo. Evory voatigo of colour loffc lior faco ; oho noitlior opoko or movod. Fvancc-oa, to-'riQcd by hor wholo copcot — for, in dood, tbo ooocaod lileo ono doad,— camo and put her arm round hor, ond kiaaod hor, not trying to ohook hor own tcr«J. Tho ohook, in opito of tho \7cy in vhioh hor friondo had triod to btoak it to hor, had boon ovcrpov/oring ; and for one of Doroon'o phyoiquo and oharaotor, to be ouadonly daohed dowu from tho pinnaolo of hopo to tho doopcofc gulf of doapair, wao a dangorouo thin^. 'Havo yo& heard no fnrthor dotcilo P' she asked at length, in a voioe that hadT ' sunk to a hoarse whisper. . v . * 'Nothing more as yet,' said Donati..: 'Only just tho fact, and tho time, and - the place.' ; ' \ Sho ohuddorod. ' \- It muot have boon at tho very time . whoa wo woro 00 happy here witbr Doual juot roloaBod from Portland, and thn faturo for Iroland looking so bright, and so hopoful.- Oh, why doo3 God lot ouoh awful thingo happon? Why, whon dolivoranco ooomo noar, aro our hopca alwayn fruutratod by comogbaotly crimo Wo dreamed tuat our rcdomption v/a« of hand, ond now ovil Lcc triumphod. ' I don't know why it uooiao for a timo to triumph,' caid Donati, in a lov/ voico, ? It io onougb to Luow thnt it ixomod t-y ttiumph, yot wao for ovor cruuhod on Calvary, — nnough to knov/ that you and' I hero, jit thio znodont, cr.n sha-o in tho pain r,r:d in th'o victory. Why ohoold you doubt that ovon through thio vilo and ohamoful dood, God may work out - tho rodomption of your country ? All1' redemption come:) through oufforing ^ all lifo io v/on by pain. That io God's1 '. will for thio world.- If thero bad boon ? ony bottor way of training no, do yoiP - think Ho would_not havo chosen it P* ' ' (TO BE CONTrmjED). ' ' 