DKEAMS THAT' CAME TRUE. I BO\r MURDKREltS WEBE TRACKED. STRANGE *B it may now appear, it ia never- theless a fact that in the past dreams, signs, and portents played no inconsiderable part in our law courts, and the reports of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries ¿re brimful of references thereto. In connec- tion with dreams, perhaps one of the moat remarkable trials, certainly of later days, was that in connection with the slaying of Maria Martin, or the murder of the Bed Barn, in which the murderer was discovered wholly and solely through the means of information gained through a dream. The victim of the murder waB the daughter of à mole catcher, who possessed far more of beauty and education than young women of her class. Needless to: say, she was the cause of much! jealousy, and among her lovers was a rich young man named John Corder, by whom she woe seduced and then abandoned. In turn, William" Corder, John's brother, appeared upon the scene, and under promise of marriage Maria was again betrayed ; and afterwards ? finding that she was to become a mother, she prayed her betrayer to carry out his promise. This, however, was not to the taste of William Corder, who, under promise of a secret marriage, made arrangements with the girl to meet him at a red barn on his mother's Jarm, whence they would leave for a neighbouring town and get married. The girl met as arranged, when he shot and buried her beneath the flooring of the barn; William Corder then dis- appeared, and returning after a few days, told Mr. and Mrs. Martin that the marriugo had taken place, and that their daughter waa living ut Ipswich. Some months elapsed, the barn .wherein _tbe body was buried was filled with corn, and as no tidings came from the young woman, Corder gave as a reason that she bad hurt her right band, and therefore could pot \write to her parents ; shortly after which Corder left the neighbourhood. Some time later, Mrs. Martin dreamed that her daughter bad been murdered by Corder, and .buried in . the barn) and so frequently was the dream repented that in the end the woman per- suaded her husband to ' get the grain removed, and to dig at the spot indicated in the dream, which he did, when the body was immediately discovered and identified. Suspicion naturally' pointing tn Corder, he was traced to London, where, he was found married to a school, mistress, on whoso earnings he was living. He was arrested, found guilty, and duly eiecuted, the meting out ot justice in this instance . being entirely due to a dream. D lt KAM EVIDENCE. Harking back somewhat we find that in 1751 an Irish murderer was convicted largely upon dream evidence: One Sogers, a Wuterford publican, dreamed that he saw a maa murder another in a particular green spot on the . summit of a neighbouring mountain. On the followingday he des- cribed both men he had seen in his dream with perfect accuracy, which he did to many of bis companions. One of the men was exceptionally strong ; the other, who com- mitted , the orime, was weak and small. Rogers at length prevailed upon the pariah priest to accompany him to the spot, which was easily found, but which bore-no traces of a death struggle. On'the following day, however, two men entered the public-house whose appearance tallied exactly, with those in the dream vision. " When they rose to leave. Bogers begged the one whom ho expected to be murdered to remain, but unavailingly. After the man'; had left he nearly fainted from fright, and in the end persuaded a neighbour to accompany him to the green spot on tho 'hill, where, euro enough, the tragedy oE tho dream had' been enacted ia real, lifo. The murderer was. tracked and captured, and Rogers was the principal witness against him. His descrip- tion of hie dream was BO . vivid; that tho prisoner immediately acknowledged his guilt, and stated that he killed his com- panion with eight stabs, exactly as pictured tn the dream.. In 1810, at frankfort, in Germany, a woman named Klraeme made application to a local judge to be sworn, as she had some information to impart relating to a murder committed* in a remote village in ' Eussia, many days' journey from her German .domicile. Her story.-ran'thus : Ten years before heronly . son' had loft home. She heard nothing of him, and bad no idea at all whore he was living until the night before, when-his spirit appeared to her and told her what she now hastened to relate. Tho revelation was ¡ that after leaving home the young man had wandered about Europe till he had finally found work in the village of Klaf, in Russia. Here he had fallen in love with a surfs, daughter who had a Russian beau. On the preceding night this latter had inveigled the young Teuton into the country, where he lind stabbed bim, and then concealed the body in a cave off the highway. . The Judge was so impressed with the description that he fonvnrdod it to a'notary in'Klaf. In the meantime Karl Kraemo had been missed, and on receipt of the dream story the police soarulted for tho care, found it exactly located as described, and also found thc body with n wound corresponding with that detailed in the vision. The murderer was at onco' arrested,, ¿nd the widow . Kraerae undertook tho long journey to avenge her son's death. Her recital th Court was vivid in tho extreme, and she screamed with fright when sho first saw tho prisoner, whom she picked out from a crowd of men in a dimly lighted cell. She also identified tho woman who was the cause of the trouble equally easy. " INDIAN VISIONS. Touching haunted houses, we mny recall an incident familiar enough at thu beginning of the century, when " The Memoirs of a Thug" wns in everybody's htindB, but remembered by few probably at this date. Mnjor-Gonernl Sleeman, captain at that time, waa- travelling up country with his wife. He encamped iu a pretty grove of mnngocH nearSnngor. AtuiicinightMrs.Sloe man awoke screaming. - Tn a dream sho Baw scores of naked corpses rise from the earth at the bedside. Her husband calmed her mid oho slept again ; but the dream returned, and so painfully was shu agitated- that it became necessary to strike tho camp ii little after midnight. Captain Sleeman reported thia incident to Meadows Taylor, who was thon directing his famous campaign ngaiust the Thugs. Ho questioned one of the approvers, who recognised the description of the mango tope near Sangor, at once. Several victims had been buried there. Taylor had the ground dug, and they turned up, if we reinomber rightly, tho bones of seventeen perso i-. Tm's is one of the b>st ghost J storio' extant, because indnbitnbly nuthentic. At tho -ame time it is easily explained. Mrs. Sla'-man had bsen hearing the fright ful evidence published from day to day at that time, when the Thugs had just been discovered. She knew that they habitually buried their victims in groves, and that night ehe chanced to be in the nervous condition when waking thoughts take shape as dreams. The famous regiment once known as the 74th Highlanders bas a legend handed down for three generations at least. A captain, whose name escapes us, was writing in his tent at Sholapore, when a young soldier in hospital garb entered. "Please, sir, I wish to have my arrears sent to my mother. Will you kindly take down the address?" The officer did so without thinking; when he looked up the vif-itor was gone. Then it struck him that this was verjf irregular. He called the sergeant, who informed him that the young man in question had died in hospital the day before,, leaving an unusual sum of money, and that the addresses of his friends could not be discovered. It is alleged that report of these facts, drawn up there and then, still exists. 