ICE CARNIVAL. \ A New London Pastime. Mysteries of the Masks. Va-.'logatod Fancy Costumes— Skatorqi —Distribution of Prizes. Bals costumes and ice carnivals have caught on in London. Those at New Nlugara are favourite playgrounds of the -'grown-up children .of society? The Immense hall .was given a festive air. on one or tnese occasions recently by the rose-coloured and white draperies of the boxes, and an appropriate flavour ot rigidity Imparted by festoons of ex cellently simulated Icicles. The spirit of fun dominated the pretty and fasci nating festival, as indeed, it should do (writes a London contemporary). Do minoes and masks were, as a rule, worn by the ladies who did not skate, as was ordinary evening dress by the men. who purposely placed themselves at the trilling disadvantage .of .immediate recognition by not masking, while on the. ice flitted and gilded the merry throng in fancy costume, wlm ei icr. d keenly into competition for the i ' tzes. The sensation of the carnival, a-, welt as its greatest brightness, beior to the wearers, of . three wonderful 10 :- iiues representing ehrysanthei no,-. They were of pale crocus lilac, ir.il were trimmed with trails of 1 , n chrysanthemums. White wigs worn twined with sini'llar flowers. i i"- .even the masks were mac - of chrysanthemum:;. Each lady car rice a, white wand crowned with a (lower 'iko these- she wore. With these they chal lenged many whom they met to con versational combat. This ran 011 most amusing lines, as they, knowing while themselves unknown, had an advan tage which they pushed to Its furthest limit for comedy. Many and persistent were the attempts made TO SOLVE THE MYSTERY of their Identity, but "what their name and where their lutine they didna care to tell." Three dominoes of lightest blue satin, the hoods shrouded in palest Naples violet- htied chiffon, with frills falling down over masks bestrewn with Naples violets, were also the cuuse of admiration as of curiosity. Two pale pink dominoes worn by very tall, slen der women were' quite lovely. The bodices were veiled with' closely shir red chiffon drawn up Into infantile rows of ruches, while, instead of hoods, they hud coulRcuUle-shupcd bonnets of shir red pink chiffon, and instead of masks shaped falls of lace In a thick pattern, eye-holes being cleverly included In tile design. Oilier dominoes there were, of ull shapes and colours, but the eight mentioned were quite the most success ful, and if all eight ladies together were measured they would have been found to be nearly ot a height, and that a very good one— like Rosalind, "MORE THAN COMMON TALL." Every precaution they had taken to pre serve their incognita, even referring to each other by number rather than name A sally was made to the entrance by sundry seekers after information of the male persuasion as suine of these ladies left, but as lliey did so in hansoms, merely tolling the jchus to "Drive on," this praiseworthy hankering after, higher knowledge met with no reward. For the procession of fanclly-dressed skaters and distribution of prizes tho Ice was cleared, and the band played the "Grand March" from "Rienzi." The judges stood by a flower-laden table in the centre, while the curious procession ' circled round and round, and the Prince lent over his box-ledge, apparently In terested In the subsequent decisions. A lady, dressed all in white silk, trimmed with pink button roses embedded in moss and foilnge. wearing a white wig and a large frame mask hat covered with moss and trimmed with roses, was summoned . to receive flrst prize, or rather THE FI.OWEP. SPRAY, which signified that she won it. Second was awarded to a pale green dress, each seam outlined with trails of roses and lines of shlmmorlng silver em broidery, a large poke -bonnet to corres pond being worn. Third prize was given to a white satin dress studded all over with silver paillettes, a white Follehlnelle hat to correspond being worn over a white wig. Another prize was given to geranium dress, carried out In bright pink satin, trimmed with scarlet geraniums and foliage, a most becoming head- dress of similar flowers standing upright as if growing. There was A COMIC IRISHMAN, with a property pig under his arm, the habiliments traditionally associated with the "folnest peasunthry," but of less immaculate cleanliness than those seen on the stage. He carried off first prize, on which he twirled his shillelagh scientifically, but omitted the ear-spit ting- "Hurroo" with which a genuine son of Erin would have greeted-, the event. A ghost earno next in order of merit, a spook draped all In white, with a white tight hood drawn over face and h//ad, a stylo of feature painted 011 the former not calculated to inspire much! belief, in tho good looks of gbostland. Third prize wus given to A MUCH-INJURED INDIVIDUAL who posed in an attire composed of bruises, cuts, bandages, a black eye, a 1 tattered dress suit, and a battered tall hat as "Falls of Niagara!" Mother Hubbard had an extra, prize, the dame being represented by a man who wore a red skirl, white apron, a black hat, a comic mask, and had a dog painted on his back. -His stockings were probably the most striking feature of his attire, being white with black hoops, and com- mendabiy thick and woolly for a winter occupation. For other dresses the most remarkable were ' A POLISH COSTUME, In green velvet trimmed with swans- down. A Hussar cap" to match was worn over powdered hair, and the belt, us well as a jaunty bow In front of the cup, of sliver braid. A Normandy fish wife in a red and while skirt, a blue and white bodice, and a cap, with nets slung at her back, and wearing a white wig, was well carried out. The wig was probably to suggest age rather than period, but nothing could conceal youth and grace of bearing on the part of tho wearer, win; was a well-known lady of runic and excellent performer on the blades. "The Tosver Bridge" wa$ more original than really pretty. The dress was dark blue, foam-lleckand weed' simulated upon It, and the well-known erection in miniature worn as a'- verR novel head-dress. ' A prize was given to THE -BEST PAIR OF WALTZERS. There were only two couples who com peted, and the award was made to the lady. in green and silver and roses, wha took second prize, and a Hungarian Hussar In dark red and silver. A.sper ctal performance with limelight, effects was given by M. Harry Slegert, of the Palace de Grace, Paris, which was very much admired. I-ierr Granander, the Swedish amateur skater, was also among those present, and did some won derfully graceful feats. Supper was. perhaps, the funniest time of all; but not even the difficulties of eating and drinking masked induced those who caused most curiosity to reveale them selves. Possibly, never before had every morsel been watched Intq their mouths, every drop to their lips, with, such eagerness, as then, by those who \ were most anxious for some clue to their identity. Needless to say, all con-S versatlon was carried on by these un known ladles In a high falsetto voice, which gave not the least indication of their real tones that would have be trayed them to habitues of the smartest j circles. _____________ 