Readings in Catholic Doctrine, THE REAL PRESENCE OV CHRIST IN THE EUCHARIST. (Abridged from Cardinal Wiseman's Lec tures). This doctrine of the Catholic Church is one which lias been much misrepresented. It has been held up to scorn by many opponents of Catholicity, and therefore ail non-Catholics should be glad to have an authentic statement of it, and of the reasons for believing in it. The Council of Trent declares that the Catholic Church teaches, and always has taught, that in the Blessed Eucharist that which was originally bread and wine is, by the consecration, changed into the sub stance of the body and blood of our Lord, together with His soul and divinity — in order words, His entire person ; which change is properly called Transubstantia tion. How incomprehensible, nay, how rtsDUL'nant this doctrine Heems to nianv ! Yet to use it is the most consoling, the most cheering, and in every way the most blessed portion of our creed. Let us open the Gospel of St. John at the sixtli chapter. There we read of our Saviour multiplying the loaves and fishes by a stupendous miracle. Upon occasion of this, as was His wont, He teaches a doc trine, namely, that ho is sent doM'ii from heavon to leetl men s souls as well as their bodies, and that His teaching and His oHieo are the bread of eternal life. Thus far Ho speaks figuratively. But at the 48th verso He changes His subject, and from speaking of the gift of faith that Ho is to them as teacher, He affirms Himself, personally and in His own substance, to bo tho bread of life. Ho declares that they aro positively to possess Himself by eating and drinking His nosh and blood. Wo use tho Protestant version. 'lam that bread of life. Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness and aro dead. This is the broad which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof and not die. I am tho living bread which oatno down from heaven ; it any man eat of this bread, ho shall live for ever ; and the broad that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for tho life of the world. Tho Jews, therefore, strove among themselves saying, ' How can this man give \is his flesh to oat ?' Then Jesus saith unto them, * Except ye oat tho llosh of the Son of man, and drink His blood, ye have no lifo in you. Whoso eatoth My llosh and dnnkoth My blood, Math eternal mo ; and I will raise him up at tho last day. For My flesh is moat indeed, and my )-lood is drink indeed. Ho that eatoth My llosh and drinketh My blood dwelloth in Mo and I in him. As tho living Father hath sent Me, and I live by the Father ; so ho that eatoth Mo, oven ho shall live by Mo.' ' Now, tho question between Catholics and others is whether our Saviour meant those words to bo taken literally or figuratively ; whothor, by some now and astounding miracle, avo aro to actually eat His very flesh and drink His very blood, or only to bo more eloHoly united to Him in spirit? At any rate, this much is certain : tho Jews took tho literal meaning. They said, in oll'ect, 'Tho thing is impossible''; but it is plain that a closer spiritual union is not impossible. 'How can this man give us his llesh to oat?' They must be con sidered as' agreeing with Catholics in under standing our Saviour's words in tho literal sense. And, therefore, so far as -hoard's are the proper witnesses of tho meaning of ?words addressed to them, tho testimony of the .Jews is in favor of tho literal. meaning. Tho same may bo said of' our Saviour's own disciples. Tfioy all thought, and were by him loft to think, that lie 'meant to bo understood literally. Woro the Jews right in' thinking our Saviour meant the, to them, impossible promise of His literal llesh and blood ? We havo a very simple way of deciding : twill is ut say, uy examining i/iio cases wnere our Lord was wrongly understood to speak literally and how no acted on snob occa sions. Wo find that in all such instances ?without exception Ho oorroots His hearers, juul explains lie does not moan tp be taken in tho literal but in the figurative sense. Thus Ho explained to Nioodomua tho words 'unless a man bo b,orn again' (St. John iii.) to moan, not a.natural now birth but one 'of wator and tho Holy Ghost.' In tho Kith eluvptor of St. Matthew, He explains that 'tho leaven of tho Pharisees' was not literal bread but their corrupting influonoo. Again, in St. John iv., Ho corrects their litoral acceptance of 'I havo food to eat which you know not of.' And when Ho said, as related in St. John xi., ' Lazarus, our. friend, sloopoth,' and they took Him literally, Ho added, ' Lazarus is dead'; and also in St. Matthew xix., Ho sots them right about His expression of a oamol passing through tho eye of a noodle. And in the (other passages of a similar nature [Ho acts in the same way. In truth we may affirm, that it was His rule — and how reasonable that it should be so? — that if an objection were raised against His doctrine based on the literal meaning of His words, then in ease He meant tliem to lie taken figuratively, He said so and set His hearers right. On the other hand, in those cases in which .Jesus was rightly understood in the literal meaning, and yet objection Avas made to His doctrine, He repeated His statement and insisted on its exact meaning. It is thus in St. Matthew ix., when He claims the power of forgiving sins ; in St. John viii. His claim of being older than Abraham ; and in earlier verses of this very chapter, St. John vi., His claim of having come down from heaven. Thus Ave haA'o tAvo rules for ascertaining, on any given occasion, whether the Jews wore right or wrong in taking our Lord's words to the letter ; first, whenever they took them literally and He meant them figuratively He invariably explained his meaning, and told them that they were wrong in taking literally what He meant to be figurative ; secondly, whenover the Jews understood Him rightly in a literal sense, and objected to the doctrine proposed, He repeated tho very phrases which had given o Hence. Apply these rules to this case. The objection raised by our Lord's hearers is, 'How can this man give us his flesh to eat ?' If the words were meant figurative ly, our Lord, according to custom, would meet the objection by explaining his figur ative meaning. Instead of this He stands to His words, again and again repeats the obnoxious expressions, and requires His hearers to believe them. He had made Himself clearly understood and insists on the litoral moaning ? If He allowed many to go away and give up following Him rather than place a figurative meaning on His words, is it credible He really meant them figuratively ? Our Lord's conduct Avas a model of perfect simplicity and frankness : He has tojteaeh a doctrine, and ho expresses it in the most obvious and literal terms. The doctrine is disbelieved as absurd ; objections are raised, butHo goes on repeat ing it in the very terms which give offence, and insists on thoir acceptance without reserve. This shows that His purpose is not to form a party and gather a multitude of adherents. He is tho divine teacher and all must believe Him, Avhatever His doc trines and however grating to tho feelings. And so clear is this that multitudes even of Protestants beliovoand profess in tho literal meaning of this teaching, and therefore in tho real presence of Christ in the Holy Communion. Some havo endeavoured to parry the force of this reasoning by referring to the sixty fourth verso ot this chapter: 'The fiesh profitoth nothing ; tho words which I luivo spoken to you are spirit and lifo.' Here uur oii/viuwr tiuuiaruM xxis iiiuunmg i/U uo spiritual, but does that mean figurative ? When in Scripture flesh and spirt aro named as opposed to each other, it means the carnal man and tho regenerate man, tho carnal spirit and that of divine grace. However, when such great Protestant authors as Kuinoot, Horno, Bloomfield, and Sehlousner agroo with tho Catholic inter pretation of tiii.s verse, it is unnecessary for us to enlarge upon it. It is, therefore, evident from the sixth ohaptor of St, John's Gospel thst our Divine Redeemer promised some institution in His Church whereby men would bo oomplotoly ?united to Him, boing truly made partakers of His adorable body and blood, and so ap plying to thoir souls tho merits of His blessed passion. But the passages which treat of tho actual institution of this heavenly rite aro far more important. Lot us now direct our attention to them. Open St. Matthew's Gospel at tho twenty-sixth ohaptor and twenty-sixth vorso : 'And while they wore at supper Jesus took bread, and blessed, and brako, and gave to His disciples, ami said i Take yo and eat, this is My Body. And taking the chalice, lie gave thanks, and gave to them, saying : Drink yo all of this, for this is My Blood of tho now testament, which shall bo shod for many, for tho re mission of sins.' You aro aware that the same circumstances are related and very nearly tho same words used by two other ovangolistB, and also by St. Paul in his first opistle to tho Corinthians. Tho words to bo considered aro common to thorn all. It must bo owned that it is not easy to mako an argument based on thoso words. For what is thoro to arguo about ? Could anything add stron^th or clearness to' thoso expressions? — 'This is My body — this is my blood ?' Catholics simply boli'ovo that it was Christ's body, it was Christ's blood. It would Hooin enough to simply recite tho passage, and rest tho case. Suppose there Avero no question of apparent impossibility, suppose the words related to hoiiio other matter, any one who accepted Christ us his teacher would simply say: 'Ho has de clared this doctrine in the simplest terms, and I receive it on His word.' In answer to this plain reasoning it is said that the words, ' This My body,' may be rendered 'This represents My body,' be cause in certain other passages some form of the verb to be undeniably does mean repre sent, as where our Saviour says : 'I am the door,' 'lam the vine,' True, in these passages the verb to be does mean to repre sent. But there are some thousands of other passages in Scripture where the verb to be does not mean to represent ; why not interpret the text in question by the analogy of those A'ery many passages rather than of the very few others ? Let us haAre some good reason for drawing an inference from a small number of analogies rather than from a vast multitude. By such a process as this one can place any meaning he pleases on any given passage. It ill becomes us, who seek a plain way to a plain truth in the plain word of God, to cumber ourselves with rules of interpretation calculated to confuse the meaning of Scripture rather than to unveil it. Let us not be turned aside from the strict and literal meaning of God's word by the Jews' objection, ' How can this thing be done ?' This leads us to ask whether or not we are lead into such an ocean of aburdities as some affirm, in case Ave do take our Divine Master at His literal word. And are Ave to call every incomphrehensible truth of God an absurdity ? Why not say, How can water be changed into wine ? Hoav can a few loaves feed fiAre thousand ? Hoav can the waving of a rod cleaA'e the Red Sea asunder ? How can Jesus put life into a corpse four days dead ? And, especially, how can that helpless little babe in the manger be the Supreme Being, the Creator and Lord of the Universe. ? The docrine of Transubstantation is like that of tho Trinity, or the Incarnrtion j it is not a question of abstract reasoning, or human possibilities, but of pure evidence. If the God of all truth has revealed it let us gladly believe it. If it is plainly taught in Holy Scripture, then let us frankly accept it and not tax our imagination with its seem ing contradictions. Jesus Christ can des troy any substance, as he has created every one of them. He can cause the appearance of a substance to remain after the reality has been annihilated. He can place his own complete and personal self under any appearance whatever. He is amply able to do what to us is impossible. Has Ho in tho case of the Eucharist actually done it ? — this is tho only question. When our Saviour instituted this holiest of all observances He was at the most solemn hour of His entire intercourse Avith His disciples. Could Ho have wished to confuse His folloAvers with a fareAvell like a riddle ? It was during the discourse which accompanied this institution that they said to Him, 'Behold now thou speakest plainly, and speakest no proverb.' And yot wo aro asked to believe in a most obscure interpretation of the words into figurative moaning (1 Cor. x. 16): 'The cup of blessing which avo bless, is it not tho partaking of tho body of the Lord ? ' He is contrasting the heathenish sacrifices with the Christian rite, and Ho speaks of realities throughout, as much in regard to one as to the other. And in the following chapter of tho same epistle St. Paul enters at length into the institution of tho Last Supper, and tells it exactly as Matthew, Mark, and Luke havo done, using tho same simple words, But ho also goes on to draw practical conclusions from it, builds upon it solemn injunctions accompanied with awful threats. Hero, at any rate, we may oxpoet plain words, and ' expressions nowise likely to mislead. Hoav, then, does ho write ? 'Ho that eatoth and drinkoth unworthily, eateth and drinketh judgment to himself, not discerning tho body of the Lord.' Again: ' Whosoever shall' eat this broad, or drink the chalice of the Lord unworthily, sh-Ul bo guilty of tho body and blood of the Lord.' Now, if tho body of Christ bo not really there, how can the oH'once be directed against it? It maybe a sin against His dignity or His goodness, but it suroly is not against His body if that be not present. It is quite a different thing to say that one offends against Christ, and that he offends against the body of Christ. St- Paul would toll us that in tho same niannor as tho Jews who spit on our Saviour and buffeted him, offended against him bodily, so those avIio receive Josus unworthily in this institution, do likewise become guilty of bodily insult against Him, for Ho is as bodily present horo as ho was in Pilato's hall. Now, lot us look at all tho Scripture texts on tho Eucharist conjointly. We have four distinct olassos of texts. First, thevo is tho promise in tho sixth chapter of Si. John's Gospel : in it tho Saviour uses phrases, and does so again and again with increasing emphasis, Avliioh lead both friends and enemies to believe that He means it to bo necessary .'-to eat His llosh and drink His blood— he allows the crowd to murmur, many of His disciples to fall away, His Apostles to remain in darkness Avhile he insists upon his marvellous com mand. Secondly, Ave have the words and events of quite a different occasion. It is no longer the obstinate Jews or unsteady disciples whom he addresses ; he is alone with His chosen twelve. He wishes to institute a symbol commemorative of His passion hoav about to begin, and He uses the extraordinary words again. All this is related by several oi the evangelists without comment and in nearly the same, terms. They evidently consider it a most important institution : there is not a hint from one of them that the words are to be understood figuratively. In the third place, avc have the words of St. Paul in the 10th chapter of His first letter to tho Corinthians, Avhere he wishes to prove that this same commemorative rite of the Christians in superior to the sacrifices eaten by the Jews and heathens. Once more, although there is not the slightest necessity for such marked expressions since He might have used the words ?' symbol,' or '! figure,' or 'emblem,' if they con veyed the true idea, and although address ing a totally different people from our Saviour's audiences, the Apostle makes use of precisely the same words, and speaks of the real body and blood of Christ as actually partaken of. And in the folloAv ing chapter of the same opistle avo have the fourth case, in which the great Apostle of the Gentiles goes into a full description of the institution of this most sacred of all Christian rites. He uses the .same phrases of Christ's body and blood being received ; He tells us that those Avho partake of this blessed sacrament unworthily perpetrate an indignity on the Lord's body. Noav Avould it not be strange if on these four different occasions, our Saviour and his Apostles, speaking to different assemblies and' under totally different circumstances, should all concur in using these words in a figurative meaning and yet not let one syllable slip as a key or guide to the true interpretation, of their doctrine? Take the simple interpretation which the Catholic does, and from first to last there is not the slightest difficulty. There may be some struggle of Christian faith against the senses or the feelings ; and to you it may appear new, strange, or unnatural. But so far as biblical interpretation goes, so far as the fair principles for examining God's word are concerned, so far as finding out just what is meant by the text, all is clear and consistent from first to last. Whereas, if the figurative bo tho true meaning, you must find different explanations of the same phraseology four different times, you must make the four separate texts all figurative : and you are driven to tho miserable expedi ent of choosing somo little word or phrase in a corner of the narrative and persuading yourself that it overthrows all the obvious consequences of tho narrative itself and is of superior force to the Avhole body of the clear and consistent moaning. To give an instance of this process : it is urged that in the case of i Cor. xr. avo still find the names 'bread and wine ' applied to the olements after consecration, and that consequently all tho long lino of argument we have been following is worth nothing ; this one fact overthrows it all. Why, avo Catholics call it bread and Avino after the consecration ; a name may always bo coinci dent Ayith appearances or Avith a previous condition. In tho ninth chapter of St. John our Saviour gave sight to a blind man, a miracle which caused immense commotion, and amid the 'controversy 'which followed avo meet this expression ; ' They say again to tho blind man ' ; aro avo to infer from this that ho was only restored to sight figuratively? When tho rod of Moses Avas changed into a serpent it yet continued to be called a rod. What then — was there only a figurative change into a serpent ? In tho narrative of tho miracle at Cana it is said, ' When, therefore, the master of the feast had tasted the water made Avino ' ; does it folloAV from this that it was still water, or both wator and wine ? Resort cannot bo had to tho passing use of natural modes of speech to escape from tho repeated, cumulative, emphatic teaching of a great truth. For tho witness of tho early Christian Church on this subject avo can only refer tho reader to more extensive treatises, for no serious denial is possible of the unan imous belief in this doctrine by the heroic and pioneer agos of our Saviour's religion. To this department of proof must be assigned tho liturgies of the ancient Church, ovory one of which speaks of tho body and blood of Christ as really present. Tho same may be said of the many forms of Christianity which separated from the Church in early days, some of thorn over thirtoon hundred years ago, whoso uniform boliof in tho Catholic doctrine is a striking evidence in its favor, as somo of their churches wore founded by the Apostlos themselves — to say nothing of the respectable and powerful minority among Protestants of our day, especially Episcopalians and Lutherans. These will not all allow of the term Tran substantiation, yet hold the doctrine, or something very like it, and celebrate the sacred mysteries of the Lord's Supper in the same spirit as Catholics. When we find this column of faith standing alone amidst the ruins and fragments of Christianity wherever we meet them, always of the same materials and proportions, and bearing the same inscriptions, must we not conclude that it formed a part of the magnificent temple of truth which the Aposlcs erected ? The Sacrament of the Eucharist forms the very soul and essence of all practical religion among Catholics. It brings us into the closest union with God of which we are capable in this life— that union towards which every reasonable being unceasingly yearns. It gives to our souls a conscious ness of the presence of Christ within us sweet beyond power of word to explain. As a means of personal sanctification, every devout Catholic will bear out as a fact of experience the validity of our Saviour's promise, 'He that eateth me, the same also shall live by me.' All through life it is our great solace in affliction, our con secration of human joy to divine purposes ; it is our brightest comfort in our dying hour, the foretaste and harbinger of eternal glory. And yet against it have been vomited forth a foul torrent of scorn and obloquy. The dreadful words idolatry, hypocrisy, mummery have been directed against people and priesthood, on account of a doctrine concerning which the plainest proof of Scripture is repeatedly ottered, which was the unanimous belief of Christen dom for fifteen hundred years, and which, by a word of inquiry, may be revealed as the deep spring of the waters of eternal life in the souls of neighbours, friends, and even relatives, whose virtures are an edification to all, to say nothing of the countless millions of God's servants who adhere to the Catholic faith. 