THE SQUIRE OF KILDERMAY; OR, UNDER QUEEN VICTORIA'S RULE. W. STORY OF IOLD ENX(L.ANID \AN YOUNG AUSTRALIA. IiY IIFRED fRICfK URtDIox. CHtAPTER 1. The domain of Kildermay was of g'reaL extent. and its records dated back to the Norman Conquest. Its lier was held by 1Baron de Liacy, who obtained it from the "Conqueror- in satisfaction for mili tary servicet. But in course of time tha.t family died ?sit. and the domain passed from knight to squire till. in the time of Queen I?lizari.!li. it hal been reduced to Itss than half its formler acreage. Tile Normalnn castl? built by the first baron, which had for centuries been a terror to the surroundiing- country. had be come a ruin. and the greater ptLrt lrid been utilised ly addingl to it a new structure of the EIlizabethan styt-. About fifty year-s lprior to the coml mencement of thei following events the domain had been purchased by a weal thy Scotchman of the natne of Good Swin. who considerably increased the size of the estate. so that at this time it fell little short of its original extent. Goodwin was a bachelor. by repute. of Sa morose temper. and at constant war -with his neighbors, so that he was ignored by theln-a condition of things which rather pleased than irritated. On the death of a near relation he had taken charge of two children, a boy and a girl. to whom lie became devotedly at tached. and it was no secret that they would be his heirs. The only other memie-ber of the fatmily was a ne'er-do-well. who. before the advent of the two children, had looked upon the estate as his on the death of his uncle. He was a mall of about forty years of age. fonder of the gay -city than the quiit country..and bore a Scharacter the reverse of good. Robert Goodwin died, and, no the surprise of everybody, left no will-at least, none could be found, a:nd. in consequence, JohnaRawdon becamine tlis heir. The village of Kildermnay lies in a hol low formed by the slone of the sur rounding hills. t can boast no claim to historical notice, for from tie day the first stone of its olde.st cottage was laid Its existence hald beon lhuidrulmn saLve Sfor an occasional rara avis in the sllape of a visitor to tile hostelry. But its tor por had begun to pass away for ever Sunder the slowly grinding wheel of Tiime, -which had brought two changes against which fell monotony itself was not proof. One was materialand awoke the echoes of the hills by its shrill whistle.and sleepy apathy of the village by the bustle it brought in its train. The other was cnrpor-oal-namely. the death of the squire. and the advent of a new master more in keepring with the now -order of things. The village. as I have said, nestled at Sthe base of an amphitheatre formed by a natural conformation of the land. The crest of the hill spread for some dis tance to form a kind of table-land, and then dipped in undulating meadows and .valleys. One mild October morning a traveller stood on the crest of the hill and sur veyed with evident pleasure the village Sbelow. The sleepy calmness of the scene, made more reposing by the ab sence of anything human, appealed * strongly to his feelings by contrast to the whirl of life in the vast city hie had lately left. He was a young man, slim 3y built, but of well-knit frame, and Iris manner and dress betokened a person above the common. His features were pleasant, and would be called handsome ,when animated, but in repose they at tracted more by the sadness of expres sion, which revealed, deep suffering. Though young in years, there was that in his bearing wh'ich indicated intellec tual powers developed to a high degree, and a quick perception which admirably fitted him for the study of law in which he was engaged. Tile beauty of the scene on which he gazed tempted him to linger in contemplation of it, and to note the long, straggling street, and neat, triml cottages. "There are other views than this to en trance the eye," he said, aloud, "but none so soothing to the mind. Yonder mansion on othe high ground beyond the *village is the Hlall. Ah, me. there lies -my fate!-for Ime the beginning arid end of all joy in this world. Kate, darling Kate--my love. my life, and constantl thought and great desire--why art thou so cold? Why dost thou lift my soul to the seventh hlaven one moment, and the next fill it with despair ? I will solve these doubts once for all, though the solution crush me." The traveller arose from the ground on which he had cast himself, and slowly descended a path, now and then stopping to pluck some wild flower more lasting than its fellows, and en tered the village. He halted at the vil lage inn, and glanced at the prodigy of art painted on the swinging sign-board, which represented an apology for a thrush - so unlike that the uninitiated were forced to read the inscription un derneath in order to find that the bird was meant for a "Whistling Throstle"- then strode through the village and as cended the hill by a private road which led to the imposing edifice he had before noticed. lHe was met on the threshold by a comely youth about his own age, but of much stronger build, who warm ly welcomed him, at the same time up braiding his friend for not sending word of his coming. "I would have driven over in the dog cart and saved you a tedious walk, .George.'; "I have not the least doubt you would, Philip; but I preferred to walk and breath1 this delightful air. I feel better for it already, and have a mind to for sake dismal chambers, ambition, and all that sort of thing, for bright sunshine and a prosaic country life." "Do, my dear fellow, and turn gipsy; I'll join you in half the expense of a van surrounded by brooms, chairs, tin ket tles, and other novelties. We will live the free life of Bohemians, and feast on -stolen geese, hare pie, and o'ther delica -cies." - , "Don't be facetious, Philip. It is very ebasy for you to laugh, but the joke ,would be on my side if you were cooped in dingy chambers reading dry law from mrnorniig to dusk. Is this your sanc tum?",: "Yes,- It was my uncle's favorite room, an,'d since his death I have made it mine. I am glad you have come, as I want your assistance to unravel a mnystery. But perhaps you are tired and prefer to rest?" "No, Philip; I delight in mystery. ;What is it? A ghost in the Blue Room, or secret passage leading to a dungeon full of horrors?" "Neither, George. If Is a document Which, so far, has puzzled the -wisest beads to solve. It was enclosed In an -envelope addressed to me by my late incle:" - "Ha! a will, by which you are left in possession of the estate provided youi do certain impossible things." -. "That is .nearer thq mark, only it is hot a will, though it relates to one. But 540 you had better see.the doeumenl. Hiere it is." A conundrum, indeed,. Philip, and dif ficult to'explain: but it is the key to the hiding place of the will- that is evident. I will read it again." ily dear Philip,-The enclosed paper I bequeath to you with my blessing. It may seem the foolish whim of an old man. but it is written with the best in tention for your good. Take heed to its comlmand, and time will prove its value. The paper was as follows: I was once animnate: now I am inani ma:e. Miemorids and awe come to him who looks upon this shape wrhich once held a soul. 1 am found upon the earth a:nd under tlhe earth; in rivers and seas: on mountains' and plains: in sandy de serts, where vultures hover anld pools run dry. I am part of the living and the dead. Seekle diligently for this thing. which contains nmy will. " A curiosity in coliundrum - eh. George? You are puzzled?" "Yes, Philip." replied his friend, re nmoving his eyes from the papler. " It set nme thiniking. 1-ta Wlhat hybrid is that at the window?" A shaggy-headed boy had climbed on the window sill, and, with astonishment on his face, hung half in anid half out, evidently disconcerted at the room being occupied. "I.an: "Wlhat are you doing here ?" said Philipl, with an appearance of anger. "tGo away instantly." The boy disappeared, and Philip. tuirning to his friend, said, "Poor boy; he ;s half- demented. My late uncle took grea.t interest in him, and allowed him to come and go :s he pleased. Since his death tile queer creature h;las been ncon solalse, and haunts this room day and nighti. Neither my mild threats nor fear of my cousin's wlhip prevent him." "Has hlie a home ?" "Yes; he lives in the village with my old nurse. Betsy Stump; but even she cannot control him. But the paper, George; I am anxious to have your opinion of it." "No doubt. Philip: but first answer my questions. Have you any idea of its meaning ?" "Not the slightest." "And your cousin, John Rawdon--can he explain it ?" "No! lie pooh-poohs the document, and says there is nothing in it.He wanted to destroy it. so I have kept it under lock and key. You must know that there was no love lost between my uncle and his niephew, thus you can easily perceive my cousin does not wish the will to be found. As matters are nown', he succeeds to the whole of the property." "You surely h:we :t copy of the paper?" "No, George." "Thnen I will make one at once; under such circumstances the paper might be destroyed." "That would not matter, for every word, line, and sentence is indelibly en graven on my brain." "WVell, for my orwn satisfaction, I will copy it. Leave me alone for a while, Philip; perhaps as I am not personally interested. I may lind a clue to the meaning of the conundrum." Left ~to himself, George Marsden spread the paper on the table and read it several times. Difficult problems had an attractios for him, and this was the first of the kind he had tried to decipher. Hlie had a peculiar aptitude for unravel ling intricate points of law, and he knew no reason why this conundrum should not be easily solved. But it proved a harder tas thllan he anticipated, and at the end of an hour he w-as as far from a solution oef its meaning as when he had begun. "Well, Georige," said Philip. "have you succeeded?" "No, I confess myself beaten, though I have used all the brain power I pos sess. Tne tiling is too general; it exists everywhere, hence the difficulty. One tiiieg is certain to my mind: your uncle \- By the bye, if he was your uncle, how is it Mr Rawdon claims the heir ship?" "He was not," replied Philip. "We called him so, but really the relationship was not very close." "And they were not friendly. Then a will does exist; your uncle had an ob ject in writing this curious paper. He was too sensible to do so without a definite and ulterior purpose. What that purpose was is pure speculation, but my theory is this: You are inexperienced in the ways of the world, and consequently at the mnercy of unscrupulous persons, or let me say person. The property re quires great tact to manage, which you must admit; also that you are not suf ficiently conversant with the many little details so necessalry in an estate of timts magnitude. What is more likely than that your astute uncle reasoned alfte this fashion? He knew the good points ini your cousin's character as well as lie bad ones; that under his super, vision the estate haQ prospered beyond measure, and that it would continue to imlirove if left to him until increased knowledge of the world fitted you to have complete control. He was doubt less afraid that your cousin. might ob tain iower over you by fair or foul means to his advarntage. Suipose he reasoned thus, and hid the will where it could not be found without the key to its hiding place. I firmly believe that was his intention, and that the conundrum cannot bie solved except by travel in foreign lands. You are expressly bid den to 'seek diligently,' and, from the context, through all the world. Per. haps some incident of the past or future will maltke clear what is at present dark. Did your uncle ever speak of his early life? I heard he disappeared from -Iil dermay for ten years." "No, George; he was very reserved, and a man ~of few words. Once only did he break through the habit of coldness. It was shortly before his death, and we were sitting side by side enjoying the coolness of a summer evening-he silent and I perforce likepise-when he said, 'Philip, what a beautiful sunset! IHow brilliant the tints of the clouds!' Then, changing from animation to desponden cy, he continued: 'Crimson and.purple, eisme and shroud. Whose crime? Whose shroud?' 'Ihen he sighed and relapsed into silence. 'Of shat were you tlhink ing, uncle?' I asked. He looked at me in a vacant manner, and muttered some unintelligible words, the while twvisting his thin fingers one within the other. I had never seen him so moved. Then he spoke clearly and forcibly, still staring at me. His eyes seemed starting from their sockets, and the eyeballs appeared to be covered with a diaphonous film, on which the mind was portraying w'ith vividness a scene of the past. 'Too late -too late!' he groaned. 'Merciful Heaven! shall I never escape from, this torture? Oh, fig one drop of water to moisten my parched throat!' Then he stretched out both hands, half raised himself from his seat, and fell laughing into my arms. He recovered almost im, mediately, and the fit, or whatever it Was, passed off, seemingly without many ill.effect. 'Let us go indoors, Philip,' he said: 'I feel chilly.' As we approach ed the house he stopped, amd said, kind ly, 'Yes, the setting sun. Go towards it, my boy; travel and gain wisdom. It comes from seeking, even in the desert.' At the door of this room he bade. me good night, squeezed my hand firmly, and added, 'I think I have acted for the best' They were the last words he spoke to me,.for the next day he became seriously tilt and in threo days he died." '"And left you and your sister -pennd Ilss. I suppose it is for the best, butit requires a good faith- blln4 faith-to believe it." "Yes. George, dependent on the boun ty of John Rawdon. Never that, al though it will be painful for us to leave this old Hall, our home for so many years. She does not know that she is no longer mistress here ; but it must be revealed, and the quicker the better. I will tell you a secret, George. My cou sin loves Kate passionately-genuine, I think, for once in his life. Women are women, and I am afraid, wlhen he knows that thi, .is no longer her home, she will accept him. To give up luxury for genteel poverty, and the easy posi tion of mistress for the drudgery of daily toil - the position of a squire's -wife and fifteen thousand a year to be come a portionless noboby - are consid erations enough to make a young girl eager to accent one who would enable her to re:ain her tate. Simple and ignor ant as I am in such matters. I know wh'at would resut from a union between my sister and my cousin. Knowing how unscrupulous lhe is, and the ill-re pute rumor gives him, I would sooner she should beg from door to door than marry him. George. as a true frend, ad vise me how to act." Had Phillip been les Intent on his own\ troubles, he would have been astonished at the effect his words produced on his friend. -low often we forget in the re cital of our own wrongs the feelings of others! It is human nature to see one side only-to utter killing words without a thought of what may be caused by them. The sting of the bee lasts but a little while but the dart which enters: the heart twists and rankles uncasin ingly. George Marsden was ardently in love with Kate Goodwin-not that kind of. infatuation miscalled love, but . true, sincere, 'ingenuous devotion, controlled by fears that it may be unrequitted, and o prefers to bask in the-presence of the object of its adoration day by day; to feed on every look and treasure up every smie; to remember every word, yt is afraid to breathe the avowal that will decide its fate- pure, unselfish love, re strained by its own overwhlming pow er. Every word spoken had dadened each impulse of his throbbing heart, and would fester deeper and deeper as time passed. But no sign of the anguish witldn his breast betrayed itself in the quiet self command with which he spoke; a slight pallor, passing away momentarily.. alone showed the depth of- feeling. "You ask for my advice," he said. "I much decline to touch on so delicate a subject. You sister is mistress of her own heart, and it would be presumptuous for me to interfere. I thank you for your confidence. Pleased be satisfied with my answer." "Certainly. Neverth.eless I shall warn her against him. . . . Shall we try the copse, for a pheasant? This-matter makes me a veritable savage. I feel I must kill something to divert my thoughts." The two sportsmen shouldered their guns, and trudged silent and thoughtful over the fields, sodden by the.October rains. CHAPTER II. Wycliffe Hall stands on an elevated plateau in one of the southern.counties. It is an object of attraction,not only from its age and picturesque situation, but for the memories associated with its found ers. The central portion consists of a solid stone tower, built in the eleventh century, and is all that remains of the once hTugo castle which defied the power of kings. The greater part is of seventeenth cen tury origin, and if not so imposing, is at least better adapted for peaceful times. Its interior is spacious and handsome. The entrance hall, semi-circular in shape is richly ornamented with carved oal, and the panels from floor to ceiling are covered with tapestries depicting hunting scends. A staircase of stonewith marble balustrades, divides as it descends, and ends in two galleries, out of which tie various apartments open. The gallaries contain niches, in which pose knights in armor and statues of formerp ow;ners.The exterior is pleasing, and its marble co lumns, with superficial flutings, capped by cornices moulded in the mixed Gothic and Italian styles, give to the mansion a stately appearance, which is not detract ed from by the more modern embayed windows. These command a delightful view of the surrounding country, and a wide expanse of meadows, plantations. and streams, and, beyond, rising hills of green. At one of the embayed windows stood a man, of middle age, admiring the pros pect with evident pleasure. Fortune had at last ceased to be fickle and John Raw don had good cause to bless the goddess who had, at last, poured her treasures without stint into his lap. Everythihg he looked upon was his; he was Squire of Kildermay, and that was a sufficient recompense for years of misfortune: and the change had come not a day too soon. The self-satisfied air and the smile on his face altered to a look of annoyance as the two sportsmen passed across his view on their way to the wood. - He watched till they disappeared, then turn ed abruptly and walked with rapid strides the well carpeted room. His thoughts were not of the pleasantest, and soon his anger burst forth in half audible sentences. "Confound their impudence," he mut tered. "If it were not for Kate, I would send them off in double-quick time. I am ignored in my o\wn house; my pre serves are poached at will,and my auth ority is despic:ed.But I must act warily be circumspect and cautious until I marry the girl, then they shall know my mind in earnest If I were sure jo will existed none of that brood should, touch a stick on the estate. What made the old man act so strangely ? There is something beneath the surface which I cannot fathlam. He hl'fes me as much as one could h.te another, yet, from a whim past my cbmprehension, allowed me to take everything by prior right. There must be :.% will. The question is, 'Where is It?' " At this .moment his musings were in terrupted by a hand placed on his arm, and a woman's voice said, in an amused tone: "What are your deep cogitations? I called you thiree times -withbout avail." " Fie, Kate, you have been playing eavesdropper." "For shame, Cousin John! Even if I was, your mutterings were uninteIli gible; but I would sco:rn to do anything so mean." "Pardon me, Kate; the words escaped me involuntarily. I have so many things to upset me, that I have become quite irritable. Please forgive my rudeness." The girl, mollified by the apology,for gave the insult, though the knitted brow and tone of voice still showed slight -re sentment. "I came ,to ask you about this letter. I was reading in. the conservatory, and put downr my book while I ran upstairs to fetch a wrapper ; when I returned, this note was on my chair. It is a curi ous epistle, and its conteiits are so strange. I will read it : 'M:.dam,-Beware of a gentleman, Mr John Rogers,whb is living in your house. Be warned in time; he is a perjurer, and will injure you, as he did me.' It is unsigned, undated, and there is no address What shall I do. with it?" . ' "Burn it. Anonymous letters deserve no-better fate. Stay,on second thoughts, leave it to me,-and I.will , find out who dares- to bring such a missive .Into this house. There is no one .here of that name." Then, changing . his tone of 'voice: "Kate, I hope you willl: quite for give my.remark. I feel disgraced, and merit your severest censure." "You do; but, there: don't look so sor rowful. Tile horrid word is already for gotten." "Yes. K.te; but that is not enough. Say you freely forgive." "Of course; so nice a distinction does not occur to everyone. When I forget 1 forgive also." SThe soft tone and tremulous accent laid on the verbs befitted the speaker and her disposition. A high-toned, lov able woman, somewhat deficient in firm ness, easily led by kindness. quick to take offence and as ready to p:rdon-a prize worth winning for her womanhood alone. The time seemed favorable, the moment opportune-slho-ld he press his suit ? Then the letter in his gr:isp.for gotten for :a brief space, obtruded itself and obliterated all other considerations -power, wealth, love, crushed oilt by the incubus lying within the coritents of the missive. His iron nerve gave no iri flicttion of the turmoil within his breast, neither was the calm on the surface ruffled by the slightest change in his de .meanor; nor did his voice betray in the least degree the tenr of his thoughts. "You are too good, Kate. Would that the virtue of forgiveness was as pliable with us men!" "I sincerely echo that wish, especially with respect to you. and my brother. Why cannot you two be more friendly?" "It is not my fault that we do not agree. .All my attempts to alter our present unfriendliness meet with scant courtesy, and are.powerless against his evident repugnance to me." "It grieves me to hear you. say so. I have repeatedly spoken to Philip, but he remains obdurate. But I do not des pair; lie is good at heart, and one day may overcome his dislike. But I will not detain, you any-longer." The door had scarcely closed when John Rawdon, changed from humility to h:aughtiness, which, however, gave place to concern, as he spread the crumpled letter on the desk, and eagerly scanned its contents. "The writing is disguised, but the let ter can only come from one person. How dare she come here! Her indiscretion will ruin all my plans. Who brought the 'letter?" He rang' the bell sharply. "James, who left . this note at the house?" "I don't know, sir.: I'll inquire." "Do'so, and let me know immediately. Confound It, the contents are sure to be divulged, and may occasion endless bother. Come in!,' "The servants do not know anything about it, sir; but Dan was seen lurking about the premises, and was ordered off by the gardener." "That will do. Fool. egregious fool, to beconfe entangled with lthit woman. In -her jealousy, she is capable of in known mischief. I must stop her tongue somehow. What is the time ? Half-past four; just sufficient to walk to the village and back before dinner." Taking'his hat and stick, he passed through the conservatory into the gar den, which was surrounded by a high wall, with an exit at the further end. The door was kept locked, being used only by the family; and it was the only ingress to the garden other than through the conservatory. "How did that imbecile gain admit tance? Ah, I see! He climbed the ivy covering 'the outer wall-an easy matter for him; the highpet tree on the placeis * nothing for that rascal to climb. 'By feiar or cajolery, I must find out how lie obtained the letter." The village was hidden in a hollow a mile or more from the Hall, and the laie leading to it passed for three parts of 'the way through the estate, a portion skirting the wood, from the leafy covers of which the frequent report of guns came at irregular intervals. "They are having fine sport-playiig havoc with my game," lie muttered. A little'further on he saw a wounded pheasant fluttering on the ground, dis abled in wing and leg. "A tempting morsel for a, half starved woman and idiotic boy. The best way to reach the heart of this kind of people is through the stomach. I will-be char itable for once in a way"-picking, up 'the bird as lie spoke and wringing its neck. The cottage in which Dan liied stood at the entrance of the village, -and be longed, as did most of the houses, to the squire. The other occupant was an old woman, Betsy Stump, by name, who was formerly nurse to the ladies at the Hall, and in consideration of fifty years' service she had been allowed to live rent free, together with a yearly income suffi cient for her needs.. It was in the power of the new squire to discontinue both gifts in the absence of provision being niade for their con tinuance. Such a. condition was sure to be made in the will--if not for Betsy, it certainly would be for Dan, who was a protege of the femily. It had even been whispered that the boy should by right of birth live at the hall-that, In -deed, he was the rightful heir. Whether these rumors were true or false, was known only to Betsy and the late squire. The latter was dead; the former knew hocw to keep silence. (To be continued.) 