OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, March 19, 1897. On the arrival of the Orient at Plymouth on Monday Captain Inskip was handed a letter from the managers of the company in which they expressed their gratification with the conduct of Chief Officer F. J. Raaken and his) gallant associates in the rescue of the crew of; the barque Phillis oS Wilson's Promontory on j January 10 last. In accordance with tbe directions of the management the captain assembled the whole of tbe crew on the hurricane deck and read the letter to them. It was couched in the following terms: —" Dear eir—l am desired by the managers to acknow ledge receipt of your letter of the l?tti January reporting in detail the cir cumstances under which Mr. F. 3. I Rankpn, 8.N.E., chief officer, and sis seamen of the Orient, on January 10, when off Wilson's Promontory, on the Australian ooa£t, at the peril of their lives gallantly; volunteered to man a boat and go to tbe relief of the crew of the brig Phillis, a vessel which bad made signals of distress, she being short of provisions and her crew starving. The managers have learned with much satisfaction that the efforts .of "tsay gallant' men were cibwned fritjh success, aixu tliat they were able not <mly to afford succour to their distressed brother seamen but also to return to the Orient in safety, although at the time it vrsa blowing. a hurricane with a tremendous sea running. The managers wish jou to con vey" to' Mr. RanVenand his crew their high appreciation of their valor on the occasion and inform them that they are pleased to know that tho Orient company has in its service ofnoers and men who have displayed qualities worthy of the be3t traditions of the British sailor. Tbe thanks of the managers are also due to yon'fnr tbe very skilfn] and eeamanlike manner in which you handled your ship and conducted the proceedings on the trying occa sion, thus contributing largely U> the snnoessf nl issue of the hazardous undertaking. While your ship is At anchor in Plymouth Sound you wiU please read this letter to the-whole of the officers and crew, amongst whom, the managers do not doubt there are men who, should ocoa siou arise, would be ready to undertake a similar task. 1! Dr. and Mrs. Clifford sailed for Australia yesterday by the Aorangi. Miss Clifford is also of tbe party, aa also -ate Mr. Towers end Miss Towers, closely associated with the work at Westbourne Park Chapel. A crowded fare well meeting of the chapel-folk on Monday evening gave Mr. Towura its mandate to exer cise a discreet restraint should the doctor de velop in the conrse of the tour any tendencies to indulge unduly in speeohmakmg, and the rev. gentleman promised submission. It was stated by Mr. AUred Gaze, church trea surer, that the congregation had contributed some £100 towards extra expenses during the jia&tor;'B absence, this in addition tb £170 for. incidental travelling expenses. The doctor will be the guest during tbe'tourof Mr.'James Huddart. Iwo. etudants travelled from the Midland Bapti?t College at Nottingham to bid -good-bye to their old mentor. : ' In his farewell sermon at Westbourne Park Chapel on Sunday evening thedoctor preached on tbe late Professor jChxnmnond. Jrata touch of autobiography lent to the sermon the personal note that perphaps wasanticipatsd txom tbe jpackxd congregation and the fact that it was the last Sunday to be spent by 2>r. Clifford in for some sir pionths. ?'lhare the greater interest in my subject of to-night," said he, "because when I came.to London instead of 'devoting myself to the- pastorate .X attended nMtivn. and- fur nished myself a? best I could to deal with the scientific difficulties th&iife;&wmtiat; ariKe.*"He rejoioed-tast'he had been guided to do co, for it had. been again and Again his privilege to be of use to those parpleied, bewfldereu, -and dazzled by mienoa "As I loofcnaek over my. ministry ,1-aan see ntnch to regreVbut more tc( ne thankful for in having received from God- more t?an human nearts cocud can ceiv? or tongue nttor. God his been gracious tome beyond my rosiest dreams; my loftiest ambiaona. Troops of "friends hare gathered round me, some of them young irben I came, no longer young now. But their places are being filled by younger men, full of high endeavor, eager, not to propagate a. ?save-youraelf gospel, bnt a salvation com prehending *U department? of life. God's good hand has been upon me; I pxay that I may te spaced toeome hade to you and to this dear old London. May God bless yon till we meet again." '' ' ' f The Xtake of Oonnanght will preside at a banquet of the Boyal Colonial Institute at the Hotel Cecil on July 2 in commemoration of the ?ixttetb rear of tbe Quoen'e aragn to wlmdr the colonial Premier? and their wives and die officers commanding *Ifltn?hiiimilii of colonial troops will be specially invited. There will ?ko be-aoonveraariooe at ?he Natural History Mnwwiro, Gromwoll-road, on June 10. . Mr,' John Ziemmo?e left London 00 Friday last for Australia, where he will in future act aa local, representative for various f^?l novelties to peeent out from thistide. >Ir. G. P. Doolette, who has been confined to the house with a recurrence <rf the in fiuenza, is now reported to be much better, though still far from being in a fit state to attend' ihe board meetings of his nmnerone oompanue. . Thisia, Xfancy, about the seventh attaokof influenza to overteke Ac Sooth Ans-. trdnn since his arrival in the old country, bnt apparently, .his m^porimM^. At. h, ffrywehav? not rendered Mr. Doolette par tteojarly atneiiable to the injunctions of his DBdkaladfisera. M^|)a^wUowai^famonaKonosnfoanist divine, who died at Bath last week, was the mothertf M&'Georm Doolette. It appears the olilady was reading in bed at night when her candle overtipped and set alight to the dothes^ The flames were with some difficulty extinguished, but- not.before Ma. Dale had] been shockingly burnt Eperthmg wa? done that could be done, bat the shook proved too ?much for an Already <Bnfrphlnd system, 'and she 4ankxapidi& .... -. j Mr, aoil 3518,' Alfred Simma, of Adidaide,'] areietnrning toSouth Australk in the P. and O. HiraaUyn. They join toe eteamex ?tj There Arts V bi^ luncheon on'noard the' Haddart-Parker .steamer Aorangi an Zfceaday] to o&lebcate;^the departure oT£hat aumptaously '. renovated and refitted vessel to t^Ke up bar attation on ;*h& Vanoonver-Attstrauan service. It is rather.difficult|odecoy Angjo-Colomal. notables to this sort of function nowadays, and lionl Seibome, Lord "Hopetoan, Lord Jersey, Sir Saul Samnal. Sir Andrew dark, Sir Donald .Smith, Mr. Colmec, and fffcKoy^ sent handiome gpofogiea uisteaa of taming up. .The oelebritHS who did pot in an appearanoe wen the Stew Zealand Agent^ienerai (Mr. Beeve?), Sir Albert Kollit, Mr. Albert Braaey, ami one or two shipowners.' There appeared to be1 no formal chairman.- Sir Isdwyn Dawes presided at one table and Mr. James Huddart at the other. The Queen's health bavins been in reoord fwjyn bumpecs Sir Albert Bollirt proposed " Success to the colonies," which was replied to by Mr Beeves. The New Zealand AgentGeneraf isst hra best at thia sort of affair, neither too serious nor too frivolous, and he need not have regretted that the duty feH to him instead tit "to my old friend' Sir Saul Samuel, the hero of a hundred toasts.** Sir Albert Bollitt he remarked, had dealt very pointedly with the bands which hound our empire together. He (Mr. Beeves) should say the strongest of them "were sentiment and atf^fp, /Ap plause.) We boasted a common "blood, a com mon literature, a common history, and although the feeling of sentunsnt in EfoyV"^ was strong, it was But natural that the people here should not look upon she colonies with tbe same adoration as -the colonies Jj^y*y^ spon the mother country. (Applause.) Bnt they must not under rate the of titnttm He was young, bat be aoald remember the tune when it took nearly four months to get from London to New Zealand. It took now 33 days, and the day would come, he trusted, when it would only take 20 days. (Oh! and cheers.) It was, however, something to boast of TTmfrine a trip round the world in 116 days for £115. (Heir, hear.) That was at the rate of Id. a knot." General Lawrie and Mr. Hogan followed Mr. Beeves with glowing panegyrics on Mr. James Buddarfs services in connection with the Vancouver service, and ?emphatic expressions of opinion that he ought to get the Atlantic prnitract too. Mr. Hnddart himself t&lked; mainly of subsidies. On Tuesday evening a paper by Mr. James Bonwick, dealing with the material, political, ' and educational progress oE the Australasian ' colonies during the 60 years of her Majesty's : reign, was read to a meagre audience at the Foreign and Colonial Section of the Society of . Arts. There was little in the paper that calls for either quotation or comment, but I venture :to excerpt a few paragraphs. Speaking of tbe . political progress dunmj the record reign Mr. Bonwick eaid: —"Originally brought up in the house of bondage liberty sprang not forth like Minerva, fully armed. When I landed at 4 Hobartj in 1841, I found myself under . a nominee ooudou, having a few harm- Ices free members constantly outvoted. But we bad a very limited civil service, an ex penditure below the income, and trifling taxes. 'Ho benighted were we then as to be ignorant ;of a public debt New South Wales had to fight the battle of freedom for future millions. Let us do honor to her, admire her oontanued 1 struggle, and reverence her faith in humanity. To tuose Sydney patriots of old we colonials owe our trial by jury, oar right of representa tion as taxpayers, .oar freedom of the press, , our settlement on the lands, with oar municipal government, and the equality of all religion ists before the law. You in London may criticise the exercise of our rights and doubt the wisdom of our legislation. But, re member, our people were just what your schools, your churches, your laws had made us. We ran a bit wild in the freedom allowed us. Bevelling in the boundless wealth of a patei mony bestowed upon ns in land, without con trolling conditions, the wonder is that we kicked bo mildly over the traces, and that yon are here so safe with your inscribed stock. We have to meet a national debt of over £20,000,000. The 16,000 miles of Government railways, 120,000,000 sheep, an annual trade of £120,000,000 sterling, a revenue of £20,009,000, the vast area of nnalienated lands, and the industry of the most energetic peoples are security for payment. If we leave our children something to pay we leave them also a glorious heritage." In referring to the educational progress Mr. Bonwick paid a handsome tribute to the press ot Australia, which he said "need take no back seat in the world's press conclave." Is the House of Commons on Monday after noon Mr. Hanbury, answering Sir Howard Vincent as to the {ratted Kingdom being the only country in the Post*! Union refusing to take bees by poet, stated that "be did not know whether his boo. and gallant friend de sired postal facilities for a single bee or a EwarnL (laughter.) A? a matter of fact the United Sineaom ?was not alone in declining to carry pees through die post. Many countries in the Postal Union, asd especially the colonies, share the objection on the ground that damage might be done to correspondence and to the postal aothorities. If the bees got loose in the nuulbags unpleasant results might follow. .(Laughter!) Special permission night bs obtained: njr- sending 'bees by p***l") Po6^ besentabroaid because such parcels were aub ieoted to .flocsznination at the Onstoffl-fioose." Sir H. Vincent explained that Sheffield was a great place for supplyinK queen bees, and the .producers were anxious to aend them to Australia: * - - So the precedent of Argentina is to be fol lowed in those tiro progressive colonies, South Australia and Ifaw Zealand, and Mr. King* ston and Mr. Sedition are even now drafting Bills imposing a tax on bachelors. Thenotion is—from the advanced woman point of view— distinctly precious. But it has one obvious drawback. The men coerced into doable har ness by the measure naturally won't be the most eligible batchelots. They will pay np and look unpleasant On the whole I incline to agree with Americans that a more effective plan - would be to make it eomne it /out for tin dear girls ,to propose to the men. They appear to have I already got some distance an the road in Eew York. Here, for irateoDe, ia-a recent adver tisement from the Herald. —"A woman is always as old as .she looks. lam 19 {and look it), pretty, shapely, dainty, affedaoiUte, grate ful Can I toeet refined, wealthy gentle man? Object, matrimony." As this seduc tive invitation 43 said to have only appeared once I infer the artless damsel landed her fish at the first try. The Blue-book, as to ttie tratuferrence of Norfolk Island to New South Wales hoe been laid on tiw table of the House, and forms the subject of sundry semi-histoncal newspaper articles vamping np the strange eventful story of the Bounty mutineers. Of the transfer itself there appears little toaay save that^ as everybody knows, nsither,*he islanders them selves nor the adjacent colony of New Zealand liked it The it Joaaa'c closes the Blue-book with a sigh. '"Thus," jt says, "endsaettange pag? of Facdfio history. Bom 4n bloodshed md wickedness the - Pitc&im; Island community, from whom die Norfolk islanders are deooonded. tecame a pattern of all the mmpte-and IdyUio virtues. Tte brown toys and prls grew np in aooodition of primitive CtuistiaiulK linked with the primitive innooence of the Tahiti mi before European Civilisation bad epoSt them with money, ram, and measles, Now the Inlanders are to come' regularly into our' colonial system, and will be blessed withpublio houses, joolitie?, and polioe.magistrates.. It was perhaps inevitable, "but it seems a pity." ?It-oannot be eaid at the-time of writing that the earning Australiao apple season is any too hopeful bo far as the maintenance of prices are ouncei ned. The first consignment of Tas- ImaniMi fruit is due to arrive here by the ¥. tuC steamship Chin* on April 2—? fort- jf w ]ir\ tnnTtiw thfn fart yew—yrhicfa -o&b; fonilgpr opines wi? go a long waj towards mouoag good pdoes. A great xieal 'wiS, bow ierer,-depend 00 -the state of the market Generally apeaking Tastnanian apples.have ?Hived, when the market has/been bare and is eonseqoenoe ham sold veil. 6d- per Ib. being obtainable for some of the early amp tnenW-ui 1896. The important farter this year win be *?>?Fin? and much win depend spoa whether the supplies from that country are cleared on the coming of die Australian, ?which to say the best of it seams very doubtful. The phenomenal American crop had the effect of surfeiting the various, marts, with the natural result of a cheapening in values. ~An importer remarked tons that jqbd fcftmmnann cut still be had at 10a. -pW owt, and while tins is bo yon cannot expect people to pay 44. ertidVparUx t o? a slightlybetter arable. Of oonrae, if there should be this competition, Tamaaiiian, tbongb admittedly a better apple, most depreciate. My informant anticipates that then will be a steady demand -with gene rally lower pnees. Ware the fnrignftr less heavy of eoune the Tssmanian fnrit could be sold at a much cheaper rate. Mr. J. A. Reaper, of. Cerent Garden, saj-?.—"lf a strong agitation could be brought to bear in the direction of lowering the freights he had, no hesitation in saying that Tasmanian apples would receive a much larger sale and would be sold at a price that woold place them within the reach of aH n I^' worldng^opnla?on cbnsamed immenae qnanritH* of inferior t>mt>nr?i\ apples, but fliere was no saying-" what" amount of Taamtnian apples, they would con sume could they be placed within their roach at a reasonable price. There should be a fairly good enquiry for Victorian, which arrive at a later time, provided they T r..i..Mtm their quality and condition-ntxf pack ing aresaSsfactory. . . '; It is ?mallyonder if We?tnOianand Hew Zealand, vendor* of "^""T taopertiee think Londoctsca am jtic?rrii whom any fool can pluck -when one reads in the papers snob stories as that of the South Nigel Gold Mining Company, now in liquidation. This ventare wait ajarted two yoara aeo^ntfc ? gloron* prospeCtM, and shsres have from time to tune been freely dealt in oa tbe Stock Hcnbaqge. ItcametoanenoTlaEtVeekwithaiedi?appear ?nee of Ihe ? secretary (F. 8., Elliott), who admitted defalcations to the extent, of *3,770- The ahanhoide?? then-iearn^ that thoogh' their working capital was half gone nut ?-penny had been spent on the mine nor ? spade put intothemond. Tbeairoctpte haSWeo doing noiiiing; and the eeoretaty had" been spending^*e oautal on boxes,at ihe, Empire andladje* affieiiate oftios,. cried nn ii-f? t'-"*^'", Vhiw .a wnglfi -ijenny piece been spent on developing Vbe mine?" "My dear tor." xeapended a comrade in affio tidncr^inj, ''you don*t appear toimderMand. JWehaTOJbeeu developing not .the. mine but Mt. jaOptt." Detectives are now on the litter's track. The mine will doubUeM be sold for a few pounds by the liquidator and may yet make somebody'e fortune. v But ?whatever happens the South Nigel Gold MinSnpCompany won't benefit. Tnefebruary ustcf promotions is in marked contrast to that for the corre sponding month last year. In 1896 the number of companies brought to light was 41, with an aggregate capital of £7,432,900, whilst tins year only eight ?onoerns were btoucht into frjpfr'P'n with an aggregate capital of £3,465,260. Of this number five were "financial" companies, and two of the re mainder reconstructions, whilst a single con oern, the West Anstrahan and New Zealani Market Trust, accounted for tiro and a half million of the total capital iosaed. Xnftsbruary, IS3B, the number of companies brooght out was 17 ?nd their aggregate capital waa £1,73^000. Tnote are at present dosans of West Aus tralian mining companies irewy for issue, but the market onUook is altogether too dis oouraging for promotets who want an im mediate cash profit. And there axe no indica tions of aa early improvement. A JTebreary "boom1' was confidently predicted by the prophets of tbe mining -market, but here we are in the middle of March sod there's uaary a sign o' one." Comparisons may be, as Mrs. Malaprop tansrlied. "odoroas," bat """""fa"""" one feels oompelled ?o make them. The West Australian revenue for the current ftn'mnn*! year seems likely to top £3,000,000, bat the gold output for the like period will probably tall short of half this amount. Note these figures and then consider Mr, Rhodes's complaint as to the excessive revenue raised by the Tr&n;&raal; Government. Replying to Mr. Wyndham, Air, Rhodes said —"At the present moment the revenue is about £6,000,000. Ithink it is about £6,000,000 or £6.000,000. Ton wiU find that the gold out put is about £9,000,000, and nearly tbe whole of the revenne of about £6,000.000 or £6,000,000 oomes from the gold." The total value of the Transvaal gold output in 1895 was as a matter of fact £8,677,650, and Mr, Ehodes's figure* are a bit too lughi But acaepttng them they compare favorably with the West Australian figures. The Transvaal revenue of five nuUions rest* mainly upon goldfiekk yielding say eight and a half millions; the West Australian revenue of £3,000,000 rests also mainly upon yoMfiriflp, and the output of these tor the current year i? not likely to exosed in value £I^oo,ooo. Our gold mining friends in the Transvaal may have some reasons for squealing at the rapacity of tbe Boer Government, bat it wonld seem that iayeston in West AnMralian mines have ? oonsiderabry heavier harden to bear. Two of Australia's athletio sons have worthily apbeld tbe reputation of their oountry in the world ofeport. Tbe'Varait? "bine" is a sporting honor for which the com petition is the keenest and the honor highly coveted. All praise then to Mr. J. X, McCaw, who appeared for Cambridge in their annual association 'battle with Oxford. Mr. McCaw, who stands folly C ft, was educated at Charterhouse school, and nas appeared with success as iroal-keeper i for the old Obartersians and the Casuals, the! Ifttt^r a famous amateur combination, fie hails from Victoria. Mr. L F. Giblin, who i oomes from Tasmania, has gained tbe very! highest honors as a Bogby forward. In add*-. iion to getting bis "Mac," he wasohaeen to play for England against Ireland last season, md on March 13 be had the distinction of playing in tbe chief Rugby fixture of the year —£nglknd v. Scotland—securing mention as being among tbe pick of the English eenm macfers. Whilst competing in the Kempton Park March Steeplechase on Saturday the Aus tralian hordleracer Ebor broke a blood resael md had to be pulled up. Mr. Gollan's horse, though carrying the steadier of 12 sU 10 lb., and conceding from 10 to 28 lb. to his oppo nents, started a warm favorite for the race a and was leading tbe field when tie mishap ' occurred. a There can be very few regular theatregoers a in any part of tbe Enelish-speaking worif who , baye not at one lime or another seen poor . Shio} Barry in his famous impersonation of v Gaspard in "lies Cloches de Oornerflle." I * b?w bim play the put when he fint took lion- i 3on by surprise in 1878 at the Folly Tbeatre. t The opera had been a big hit in Paris and its success was practically assured beforehand. * Bnt everyone supposed tbe honors of tbe pro- < dnction would lie with die repreeantative? of j Serpolette and the Marqois. Instead both wore s completely dwarfed by Shiel Barry.. His acting ] used at first to be genuinely creepy, and few . who heard his guttural laugh or witnessed bis c ghastly terror waning into vacant imbecility 1 are likely to forget it It was a. genuine iour \ Ac font. Years later when I again came c across Shiel Barry the scene bad deteriorated ... into shrieking melodrama. Gsapard was Barry's de?truotion as an actor as well as Ids * greatest triumph. He seemed unable to get 3 away from tbe part and when he did brt was i BtiH Gaepird. latterly I fear the poor fellow ( had a bard time of it He died in ? small yAw^yn>i7fft township. . Most people were under the impression that 1 Olga Netheraole's marriage to Dr, Stewart c Oliver came off in New York some .weeks ago. j Now, however, I see it stated the wedding wi& take place in London in July. Sir John Gorst's eon Harold, who was, I ] fancy, torn in New Zealand, bas jost brought < out a new blend of fiotion—aldod of crOBBOe- < tweeunoveletteandtreati?e, entitled "Without ( Bloodshed."Theblegsingand?afetyofthonsands as oompared with the dajig^rn and misery of millions is tbe author's theme. He deals ' with tfce history of one Mark 3mith,-whobegan 1 with a pieoe of ?orange-peel as bis Bole stock-in- i taideaod passed tbrourii billions to tbe dock , and an early grave. Mr. Gorst bas inherited undoubtedly hi? father's faculty of eeeing all ronnd aeubject. He writes carefully and sot < witbontatooehof tumor, *nd bi? book ebonld 1 be read with interest by men sad women of \ vanons moods and incomes. 1 Colonial visitors wno reach liondon by April 22 may if they poas?as influenoe witnen an * historic representation of '* Samlet." *&r; 3 Tree has decided to open Her Majesty's , Theatre with Shakespeare's tragedy, playing , it tot one nwht * on{y> ACcordaig to . present arrangements the cast will include the We, in the tiila cole, with Mrs. Tree as < Ophelia, Mrs. Kendal as the QueS?, Mi. < Bancroft as Ghost, Kendal as I<aertes, Xionel , Brough as Fint Gcavadisgor and Penfey as ' Second. - ? '' "rr- , ' ?.:: ? ' Shonld the new pieoe, "Savoy SartyJ'at Ibe ' OomedynotproTe?draw,-Mx.OharleeHawtrey 1 proposes to *ry Us look on tourin Austaati*- i Everybody like* the *nWOe Ohjato, *ad as , ?>iia iwii -lfa. fff fflrott?lfomqrtyhpWTitflinitfci^y unequalled; hat hia repertoire caonoi enictly ' be termed varied. The oames'of tis parts j change, bat' they are ?s like one anothef as 1 ?peas. muttfiT in^JjondotOa' where - leas imagine it might piove ? drawback, Missili^SpongpameiipfinmSastbonioe , last Friday specially to |diayHt?. Thointon . before die -Dnfce -sfid DooKob of York, who \ honored the Princesses Theatre with ?visit. ] Ibe dnchees ezpreased bereelf rtiarmori j with the fair Acntraliao's acting- Mid. | sent her a gracious message to that , effect On Monday 'Mils' Spong "resumed j regular work and on, Tuesday fbete.wtt -j elabootte aoavenirs betoreiiie oart?in.aooJtigh jinka behind in ootmection with tte 900 th j poforauice of .tin ' "Tagmbondj.* ?' --fSb, \ bnohes? of iJoolgaxdie" b Jot atarbnyon i tourwitiMjjeDoiothyDewinMi??_flpoog'B I part^widMr. Oarenos Hultaa the Wilden. | MB-BpdWias^ongwwe ?npnfrt,aeA|? r i *r^li^wa jKeab?t jat 4h& Sio>wa|aaa -ssoiftsl j Tuesday afternoon. . ','."- -4 