(Br RCUSE AttILEItH.) OflNPTEP?`!VIII.-( Contmied.) The ghosts of the wild revelers, whose orgies had been the tleme of nursery tales for tho geonorations of Elkton, would rise up lo mock the nnlitary state of the black robed widow if she' vonaured to presido over the guestleas board; at bast the meal would be a mere formality; i;n the abnormal con dition of her mind the bodily functions seemed to have suoponeod thilr natural tasks. The tempting ropast which the dig nified old butler eproad out beforo her on a tiny round table, was dismissed almost untouched, and ordering her wraps, E:Ihl Doet out for a walk in the spacious pack. The west ws smtill brilliant with the golden afterglow that seemed loft by the delarting susn as escort to the queen of night that enwung . silver crsceent just abovo the dark, plumy pinetops, following like a captive in the day-god's train. The wind had lulled, but loft a little keenness in the rit ; through thes open ings of the forest gloams of the whitening sea flashed, showing foamy oaps, and spectral sails of fishers' boats hurrying homeward. The scream of gulls sounded shrilly above the deeper tones of the roaring breakers over the harbour bar. .. The night was falling coldly, and Ethol felt the dry leavoe crushing drearily beneath the tread of her dainty foot, chod fairily in soft hid boots that fit like molded wax. She was mlarkieg her way through a pathless portion of rthe dense, woody park grown up in hugo mangolieo, bseches, and live oaks. It was her first ramble- indo?d her firte ap pearance outside of her new home. The sylvan beauty and tropical lnxuriance of-the underwood delighted her hature loving eyoe, and she roamed on swiftly, feeling the circu lation quicken in her olastio young veins, and that feeling of emaucipation that comes to the senses in the open country or the grandeur of primeval forests. While passing through a thick cop pice, gathering richly-tintoed loaves and sprigs of vines as she went, she felt her step sink suddenly, as if in soft new mold that was different to the velvety carpeting of moss which lay behind her. She stopped, drew back, and noticed that the impression of her boot had been left in the damp, grean moss, which had the appearance of having been disturbed aned hastily re placed, as if some sharp, flat imple ment had been thrust under and then ?withdrawn. COuious-she knew not why--E'hel stooped, and with the branch of a fagot removed the loose sod. The light was going fast, but there was enough left to show the flash of mstal; she felt a hard substance resist the stem of oak .in her hand, and, reaching down in the soil, she drew out a pistol. A wild, sickening sense of impend ing mystery, or of revelation, rushed upon her; she stood trembling, with the weapon grasped tightly in her -hand, her eyes wandered with a frightened eagerness around the pre cinct whore the deadly missile had been buried ; all her faculties seemed :sharpened and quickensd by the atrained tension of her mind, and her peering sight discerned a small grey something just beyond the spot where the pistol had been covered with the moss. Quivering through all her frame, she wont .forward and picked up a ..man's glove. CHAPTER IX. A FELLOW TO TILE GLOVE. By what instinct she did it she knew not, then nor after; but Ethel did stop and carefully replace the lump of sod as she had found it. Her footprint was still upon its surface. She lightly scattered the dead leaves and loose pine-straw around it; and having taken a minute survey of the placo-sotting certain distinguishing features in her remembrance-she hastened homeward, the glove and the weapon concealed within the heavy folds of her seal jacket, and held fast against her breast. It was quite dark when she re entered the chateau. She went -.directly to her chamber-not the bridal one, but another that she had chosen for herself. The dusky tire-woman, Juliet, sat idle on the rug before the bright oak fire, enjoying the immunity from all other labours which her poet of chambermaid to 'the young missus ' :allowed. The Abigail rose and showed her white teeth as Ethel entered. ' Mus' tek off your tinge, ma'am ?' asked Juliet, briskly laying her dark, shiny hands on the sleeve of her mise tress' cloak. 'Not yet till I am somewhat warm. Go down and ask Mrs. Howo to send me some wine, please.' ''Olare to gracious, she got much manners far niggers as ef dey been white,' muttered Juliet, as she closed the door upon the graceful figure that stood before the chimney-place in the 'ruddy fire glow, but which now hur riedly moved to the door and fastened it on the inside; then taking the con cealed articles from her cloak, Ethel a? t down, overcome with the reaction of strange and shapeless thoughts that ,were not thoughts, but seemed to be so in a dervish whirl of wild con fusion. There wore, si~ chambers to the Sistol. All 'ere filled with cartridges s: -one. There were. damp earth ttains on the olished metal that had rusted a litlet in spots. She turned f:iromh it cold and sick with horror. :rThe: glove was damp, too, and much i :discoloured, but quite whole. Both ?ore hastily wrapped in her handker chief, and locked in a desk of which the key was always kept about her person. The door was unlocked again, just as Juliot's heavy stop sounded on the stairway outside. 'Lord, ma'am, you looke as white as the whites cf my eyes !' cried Juliet, as she stopped beforo Ethel, handing the glass of seino. ' I am a little tired, and very cold 1ti11, Juliot, but that in all. If you will help me to get my chamber wrapper and slippers on, I shall soon feeool comfortable.' The unrobing was duly accom plisl:od, and Ethal soon seated in the warm, bright ingle-a robe of azuroe bhlu cashmore girded with a silken cod about her waist, velvet clippera to match it on her pretty foot in their delicate silk hose, and her dark soft hair all loose about her shoulders. Like flames of nsphtha in alabaster Lampe, the light of her excited eyes shone over the pearly pallor of her face, and the rich, warm depths of her crimson velvet cbair nestled her love linoes so bewitchingly that Juliet, lest in admiration, exclaimed : 'There ain't no pictur' in the paintin' gall'ry half so butiful as you is now ! Pity dar's nobody better 'n me to a60 you, ma'am.' 'I dare say no one would admiro me more sincerely than you, Juliet. You can place the lamp and book be side me now, and let Mrs. Howe know that I shell not care for any tea. I will ring for you if you are wanted again. You may go now, and alter the dress I gave you this morning. If you used help about it, tell Maum Charity that I say sho must assist you to make it fit you nicely.' ' Me in a true silk frock ! Ki! wot won't dom odor niggers say! Bless her heart, she know'd I'd had give my let' han' to hab dat frock to dance in rwid Anthony Joshway at do Crismus ball !' soliloquised the sable Juliet, as hoe thought of her ebony Romeo' in ecstasies over the grand attire in one of her mistress' bridal dresses. The succeeding day dawned in grayncae and chill mists, that shrouded all the sea and the sand as with a pall. Continuously the deep, hollow roar of the breakera mingled with the sob of stricken winds, and tales of shipwreck seemed to come in every gust that swept the main. Fitful rains, followed by a vaporous gloom, icy and drear, filled up nearly two weeks of the time that intervened before the graud holiday of Christ mae. Ethel was left to almost unbroken solitude; the weather forbade her mother to vonture out toward Exmoor unless under some strong necessity, which did not exist, and Ethel felt no wish to stir from the stillness of her absoluto seclusion, which suited her mood so much botter than the large noisy family circle at her father's homo, Mr. Dols.y paid his daughter daily visits, but they were formal .nd tedious as himself. There was nothing that anyone could add to the creature comfort of Ethel Haughton's life, in the palatial magnificence of her new home, and of her spirit's sore needs all save one other heart were ignorant and careless. She was rich, young, beautiful, and free. What more did she want of fate ? Thus alone, Ethel watched the dark, cold days flit by, like restless evil spirits brooding over the wet earth, until they brought round the Christmas Evo. All v'ho know anything of what life was on the Southern plantations, remember what store of gladness was garnered up in the three only holidays of all the long year for the dusky ho'ts, whoiarewded.all their hopes and pleasures into its fectival, The more lenient, generous, and considerate asmong the slaveholders recognised and respected this feeling in the blacks, and it was almost a uni versal custom to commemorate the an ninal holiday with donations in extra clothing food, drink, tobacco, and license to make merry while the good time lasted. The severest masters relaxed the discipline, and often became magnifi. cent in largesse at the Christmas time. The day before the vigil of the natiTiy on Christmas Eve the over seer of Exmoor had requested an audience of the -young mistress to know her pleasure concerning the character of the festivities to be per mitted. ' I thought maybe you'd rather have no frolickin on the plantation so soon f ter-ah- the - ah - the trouble, ma'am,' stammered Mr. Thistle, the agent, or overseer, as those employees were commonly called. 'Let everything be conducted as usual, Mr. Thistle, so far as the amusements and additional supplies for the negroes are concerned. I be lieve it has been the custom here, as on other places, to allow feasting and dancing during the three days. 'Moderately, ma'am, moderately. Mr. Haughton believed in keeping things up to the mark, ma'am-up to the mark. It's best, m'am-far the best. Saves trouble afterward. Mr. Griswold has directed me to proceed as usual, ma'am, provided it meets your approval.' 'In addition to the extra rations of food customarily given to the people, Mr. Thistle, let a third one hbe allowed to each one, small and grown, as a present from me, and it is my com mand that on Christmas Day a general feast of cooked food of the best be prepared and served up to the assembled slaves in any building you maydeem suitable forthepurpose, after which they must be allowed to enjoy themselves in any innocent pastime as long as they may desire to. Let there be no stint, I shall have a report made to me of all the proceedings.' It was something to Ethel in her own desolation of soul to fool she had the power to confor pleasure on so many humbler creatures, and the idea roused her from the sombro lethargy of her own condition to take a tom porary interest in the enjoyment of the slaves. The morning of the great feast was clear, and frosty, and bright. Ethel had just finished distributing her gilts of gay print gowns to the women, iinsoy frocks to the children, and coloured woollen caps and jackets to the men ani bcJs, with pipes and tobacco to the superannuated negroes. Words and smiles of grateful affcs. tion had been sounding in the oars of the ' sweet young mipsus,' as the darkeys received their ' Ohristmas gift,' which magic word each one pro nounced with a low and reverent courtesy from the females, and pro found salaam and pulling of the fore lock from the males. Finally it was ell over, and the whole black host in their holiday raimont had adjourned to a huge tbroshiug-room which had boon cleared of the grain for the revel, which now rasouodod to the notes of banjo, fife, 'bones, clapping of hands, shuffling of feet, aind ohoutings of Eonorous, mono tonous voices in. the barbaric harmo nies peculiar to the race. E:hel had retired to her own apart ment, and was seated with a sketch book at the window drawing a view of the sea through an opening in the park, when Juliet, who had boeon dis mioned from all further servico for the day, entered gorgeously decked out in the bright ecarfs and the pretty silk dress that E:hel had given the girl from the fated trousaoau nevar do stined to be worn by the bride for whom th.ey ware fashioned. 'How nicely you look, Juliat!' said Ethel, with an encouraging en thusiasm, as she glanced over the neat little figure of the maid-servant, who made a really pictureequo appearance in her costly finery, put on without respect to harmony of shading, yet not without a certain savago grace. 'Please, ma'am, I is come to ax a favour, ma'am,' acid Juliet, looking modest, and showing ril her teeth that gleamed with startling whiteness againe- her shiny black skin. SWell, I hope I can grantit. What is it ?' 'Jis, ef you would had no pertio'lar a-jection, missus, to give consent far Anthony Joshway an' mo to git married 'fore do fees' tolday, ma'am. By dat means, ma'am, de Oris'mus dinner wet you so good as to giv' us kin sarb de weddin' supper also.' 'Why certainly, Juliet, if your mother is willing, I have nothing to say against it.' ' She de berry one sen' me fur ax voU. ma'am.' ' Oh, very well. I suppose I must givo you a bridal present now-there, put that around your neck, and your costume will be simply perfect of its kind. The implied sarcasm was lost on the negress, who, in ecstasy of delight, fastened the string of coral balls around her ebony throat. ' Where is the ceremony to be per formed ?' 'In do barn, ma'am. Preacher Jake he wait to jine us now, ma'am. Anthony Joshway beg you please, ma'am, let um see you, and say thank ye, ma'am!' 'Yes, he can come up to the door. I shall be glad to impress it on him that he must treat you kindly, Juliet.' ' Ef he didn't, I let' um directly, ma'am,' caid Juliet, with a grin of self-assumed independence as she went down to escort her groom up to be presented to 'young missus;' said groom being a slave of one of the neighbouring planters, and only known of by Juliet's report, Presently the girl returned accom panied by a smart.looking negro arrayed' in style to correspond with the toilet of the bride. As Ethel ran her eye over the new personage a violent change came over her face when her glance rested on one hand of the darkoy which was gloved-the other hung bare at his ride. In the colour, the apparent size, and the peculiarity of the stitching, that single glove matched the' odd die. coloured glove that she had found in the forest. Not heeding the elaborate salutations of the negro, ) thol asked abruptly : ' Where did you got that glove on your hand, Anthony ?' 'Tain't mine, missus.' ' Whose it it, then ?' ' It belongs to the same person who is de owner of die coat I hab on, ma'am. I borrow both of dam, ma'am, for dis special 'casion, ma'am.' 'Why have you not both of the gloves on ?' ' T'other one is lost, I 'spoo, ma'am -leastways Tony sed he nebber had but do one, ma'am.' ' Who is Tony ?' 'Da berry nice boy dat lent me dis coa' and do glove, ma'am.' 'Well, what about him-that is, where is he, and who is he ?' ' Oh ! Tony is Mr.. Griswold's body-sorvant, ma'am. Him say dat de coat was a present, and him say he fine die one glove in do pocket of de coat, ma'am.' Ethel was silent for a moment; it had required all her self-command to preserve an indifferent demeanour while catechising the negko thus. She now said, with a forced smile : * I think you would look much better without any glove at all than only one, Anthony. But as I'd like to make Juliet's groom a wedding pre sent also, suppose I give you the money to buy a. pair of gloves, which you can, after the marriage, give to your friend in place of the old one, to show your gratitude for the loan of his coat. Just take off that one and leave it there oi the table, for if you take it away you may be tempted to wear it, and it might give you bad luck, as its fellow is lost. This appeal to his superstition on the back of the generous substituto that was offered for the odd glove, which was evidently considered the crowning point to his makoeup, quito vanquished Anthony, who instantly drew off the glo70 and laid it on the table, whore Ethel had placed a small bank-bill wherewith to purchase the new pair, saying as she did so: 'You can step over to Elkton in five minuteo snd buy you a now pair with this.' She calculated on his stupidity to tako no note of having been directed to lea.vo the odd glove. When she was once more alone she compared the heavy dog-shin glove of dark gray, stitched with buff ailk, to the stained one in her desk-they matched in every particular.. Once more the Shadow of Destiny seemed to fall over the lone, frail woman, and the Spindle of ?ato seemed to be lying in her hand in the guise of that strange glove. From the instant she had found the buried weapon she had felt herself supplied with the first tangible link in the evi donce which would lead to the dis covery of her husband's murderoer. and now, as she stood holding the two gloves together, the soft, rosy lines of her sweet womanly mouth hardened and whitened, coldly and pitilessly the gloom of stern thoughts flashed from beneath her half-drooped lids; the stony purpose of some calm Nemesis grow upon her features, and she snid, lowly: ' Ho shall reap, even as he has sown, the black harvest of revenge !' (T1o i o conilnu.) 