THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. Oa Thursday afternoon, our representative made bis way to the bumble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid roar of convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said : " You want to know all about my case I Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering 2" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I bad to leave off work, and 1 have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms V' " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just as much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I bad no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone eke. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat uor Bleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and be told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institu tions." " Did you make use of the order?" " No ; I came borne and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give np the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the con clusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describ ing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Australian Workman, by Or. Williams' Pink Fills for Pale People. I read in tbe adver tisement of a case which seemed to fit'my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appe tite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed and was able to move, about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills daring the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. Toa 6ee those crutches there? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. Tbey were made for me before I got tbe Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stiok, and I hope soon to do without it. You see 1 am rapidly regaining my strength." " Ho is 100 per cent, better," 6aid Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken tbe baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have saved his life, sod made another man of htm." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep oo going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in tbe very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five year?. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which tbe doctor gave me to deaden the ex cruciating pain. But tbey can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all tbe chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cure wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also tbe many disorders which arise from an impover ished state of tbe blood, such as anasmia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appotite, short ness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. 