A Ghost Adventure of Two Constables. An extraordinary adventure befel Constable Har- land and a supernumerary constable of No. 2 Division early on Friday morning, says the Evening News. Harland and his mate were patrolling along Clisdell-street, Strawberry Hills at midnight. There is an untenanted house on the corner of Dawson and Clisdell streets, formerly occupied as an Hotel. Harland was just in the act of pointing out the premises to his mate, whom he was showing round the beat, when the pair of them descried something black sitting on the doorstep. The officers approached, and Harland stretched out his hand to grasp the bundle when, lo and behold, it rose up gently and before the eyes of the astonished policemen vanished through the "thick" door. Determined to solve the mystery at all costs, Har- land called to his mate to follow him, and they started round the back to explore. An entrance was effected to the deserted house by the back door, and the officers drawing their batons started to discover the whereabouts of the ghostly intruder. A match was struck and by the glimmering light they groped forward towards the stairs. Right in front of them sitting on the stairs and wholly un- concerned was the apparition they had seen dis- appear through the doorway. Both officers "went for" the ghost with their batons, but at the critical moment the match went out and left them in dark- ness. Unfortunately it was the last in their posses- sion, and Harland dispatched his mate for a fresh supply while he remained on guard. The supernumerary constable returned in a few minutes , with the matches, and once more they started forward, to seek an elucidation. The "de materialised visitor was still, on the stairs, but as the constables mounted, towards it it rose up in that light and airy fashion peculiar to spooks, and put the whole length of the stairs between itself, and the inquisitive constables. The latter, however, were not to be thwarted, and they, followed in pur- suit. "There it is, strike another match," said one officer to the other. The ghost , was then but a couple of yards away, and looked wonderingly at the police. The matoh was struck, but the spook did the vanishing triok again, and this time flitted into one of the apartments on the first floor. For about a quarter of an hour the polioe kept up the chase, but only with indifferent success. Now from one room to another, then down stairs and back again, in fact all over the house the unearthly marauder sped, with the officers ever close behind, without, however, getting to close quarters. Fifteen minutes of this gentle exercise left the officers perspiring freely, and totally unable to carry on the hunt. Disheartened and discouraged they returned downstairs, leaving the ghost, as they imagined, upstairs." As they reached the bottom they turned to take a last look round, when they beheld it following in their wake. This was too much for the officers, and they made all speed to get out of the house and into the street. The officers descibe the apparition as being of a most extraordinary appearance. lt had a pair of flappers like a seal, and the upper part towards where the head ought to be was enveloped with what looked like bags. On Friday night hundreds of persons wended their way to Strawberry Hills in the hope of getting a glimpse at the ghost that led Constable Harland and his mate such a lively dance on the previous night, but whether it was through pressure of busi- ness or nervousness at having to face such a large and critical audience the ghost failed to appear, and the expected performance did not come off, to the evident disappointment of the onlookers. A searoh was made of the interior of the premises during Friday and again in the night, but if some artful joker duped the constables he did his work cleverly, for certainly not a trace of "his little game" could bo brought to light. Constable Harland, however, it is stated, still adheres to his true state- ment made to the senior-sergeant at the police station, when his mate and himself returned from the chase after the apparition. The former tenant of the premises, a widow (the house was only vacated on Saturday,) when spoken to, stated that she had lived in the house for a couple of years, and had never been disturbed by ghostly manifestations. She professes her willing ness to reside in the house again, and alone if nec- cessary. Several of the neighbours who have known the house and its former inmates regard the story told by the constables as improbable and are in- clined to view it as a huge joke. Another theory put forward is that a fox terrier, has been the cause of the "hair raising" trouble. One has taken up its abode in the house. As early as 8 o'clock a large crowd had gathered in the vicinity, and within an hour their number was considerably augmented. Dawson and Clisdell streets were packed, the crowd forming a sort of cordon round the premises believed to be haunted. Nothing was discussed but the ghost" and the probability of another "appearance" was eagerly canvassed, several people remaining until after midnight. 