A PERILOUS POSITION. By MAHY ALBERT, Author of " The Luckiest Man in the World," '"The Bride of a Day," "Brooke Fihchley's Daughter," "A Hidden Terror," "Delia's Story," •"The Shelling of the Peas," &c.;, &c.; [PablishedTby special arrangement with the Author. All'rightareservedJ ■ Ohaptee. IS.—1The Seabch. \- " Martial" cried Leigh in a piercing voice, kneeling-down and raising him in Ms arms— and there was a sharp ring of. agonised en treaty in the one word, which, seemed to ask what it was that had befallen him. But Martin lay against his arm without life or movement. As Leigh tried to discover if he had been hurt, something, heavy fell from the hoy's pocket on to the marble floor. It was the heavy key of the hall door, and the maid who had admitted Leigh soon inserted it in the lock and swung back the portal, disclosing Lord Eitzreagh at the top of the flight of steps. As. he hastily entered and caught sight of the prostrate^ boy with Leigh Eorrowes kneeling beside him,' his amazement changed to consternation. "What could have occurred at OakPark to bring Emmie's brother: here at this hour, that is to say, at 2 o'clock in the morning? The old man stnmbled across the hall to a chair, while Leigh placed the helpless Martin in the porter's roomy seat. All at once a figure appeared on the great staircase leading into the hall, at sight of wMch Lord Eitzreagh, Leigh, and the be wildered maid alike passed their hands across their eyes, thinking the flickering light must have deceived them. . It was no illusion, however, wMch had struck upon, their view, but a tall, slim, girlish form, who, her beautiful eyes wild with affright, rushed down the wide staircase. \ . "Martin f'-she'cried, "Martin !" And then they all recognised that-this was Emmie Law ford. " Miss Lawford J" ejaculated the old noble man. _ . "Emmie!" breathed Leigh, aghast with wonder. , - ''Have they killed him, my-; own dear brother ?' gasped she, throwing herself, on her knees beside Martin. " For Heaven's sake explain what lias hap pened !" exclaimed they simultaneously. But Emmie's attention was fastened in an agony upon Martin, who now moved, opened his eyes, and seemed to be recovering from a swoon. Then some words burst from his lips—. . > "Save-little Basil." Th'ey seemed to electrify Emmie. "Yes, yes," she ejaculated frantically, "save the- child. He has been stolen out of his cot." "Stolen L" exclaimed Lord Fitzreagh spring-' ing to his feet. "What doe3 this mean? For Heaven's sake,. Mr. Furrowes, come with me." . . . ■ .■ " 2es, go, go!" insisted Emmie, bending over Martin, who now sighed and raised himself in j the chair. "Call the driver from outside and securetbe house door, cried Leigh. "Now, my lord, show me the way to the nursery." Panting, the old man made what haste he could, the young one following in a fever of anxiety. Theirs wasindeed an exciting quest. Little Basil missing ! If so, it would kill his grandparents, for the child was the hope of their house. ■ _ A dim light was visible in one of the rooms at the far end of the corridor ; down this Lord Fitzreagh led the way, panting out, " It is the ' night nursery." Leigh hurried on and pushed open the door, his quick glance taking in on the instant the nurse.lieavily asleep and the empty cot beside her bed. "The child is gone," gasped the old man in an agonised tone. "We must search "the house—we must set the police on the alert," responded Leigh. There was a movement in an inner apart ment, and in a panic of terror the under-nurse, roused from sleep, hurried out wrapped in a cloak. . • "Oh, my lord!" cried she, recognising Lord Fitzreagh. , . " Someone has carried off the boy!" said he in a frenzied tone. " Did you hear nothing? Speak !" , And he clutched herarm firmly. "Not a sound, ray lord," she stammered, now trembling violently and bursting into The entrance of someone caused them to look round, and Emmie Lawford, wearing more the appearance of ghost than of a living maiden, advanced in great agitation. "The thief, is somewhere in the castle, I believe," said she, '' forrit was he who knocked Martin down after my brother had sounded the gong as an alarm." "Then we may yet save Basil!" This remark came from Lord Fitzreagh. No one thought of questioning Emmie as to why she was there—the danger was too press ing and too awful. "Let us separate, my lord," said. Leigh, " and search every cranny. Call up any of the servants who are in the house," added he to the frightened under- nurse. Then began a search in every nook and cranny; nor was Emmie the least of those eager in the work now that Martin^fcad so far recovered. Seizing a light, she courageously took her part, going fearlessly onward into room after.room, followed by the trembling nurse-maid—but. though they cried "Basil," "Basil," in the hope that a cry from the little fellow might'answer them, none came. j Nor was Lord Fitzreagh idle, though he was quite aware that he was no match for any younger man whom he might encounter; while, as for Leigh, he was. dashing from corridor . to corridor and down' to every exit to make sure whether the child-stealer had escaped or no. • • Un the way he encountered a timid group— three maids and a stableman—who, roused from sleep, had dressed hastily and did nob yet realise what had happened. ' - Lord Basil has been stolen from his cot!" cried Leigh. " Help to search the castle !" J ! Half one dreadful hour had been consumed in this way and still little Basil had not been . discovered ! YetLeigh and everyone else who was aiding in the search held firmly to the per Buasion that the little boy and his captor were still somewhere in the wide mansion; a place full of nooks and corners, turnings and wind ings, Ho doors being open below had caused them to maintain this opinion, for the thief muBt have been unable to. retrace his way through tho breakfast-room, since Emmie had carried away the key. As Leigh paused-in an upper passage, asking himself .what next was to be done, Emmie's quick ears cangbt a faint sound which seemed to come from, the Rasping lip3 of a young child, •' Basil 1" she screamed out; and once more, faint and distant, the half- strangled cry re sponded, Swept out of herself by her keen auxiety for the little boy, she darted along she passage and as she went her flying feet brushed against gomethiug—a dainty pale-blue silk wrap which the little tellow was accustomed to wear when in his cot, because ho would continually toss his arms above his head, thus throwing off the clothes, " Leigh <" cried Emmie, holding it on high, " the child must have been taken this way and this corridor leads to the roof !" Ila; they were on the right track at last. Unable to make his exit below the miscreant ' must have gained the roof and what might not happen to the tender little Basilj[if his captor was desperate and made a false step. " Two or three of yon men follow me J11 cried Leigh, springing up the stairway which led to the short, narrow flight opening on to the< gads. " By this time, although the indoor servants jiad not returned from the dance, a-graom,. aiedp-'vwa'Pf the .gardeners, .^d thet^tahle iBan-^kforesaiil^ iad- collectedj-jb' tho?eas£ta; and were assisting in the search, led how en-'; tirely by Leigh, for poor;old Lord 'Fitzreagh had found that his day for going up and down the many stairs and of being deprived of his usual rest was past. Quite worn out, he had sunk down on a chair in the hall, leaving, perforce, to others the quest for his little kinsman. Emmie, too, had sunk upon a chair in the upper passage, and waited in sickening sus spense to learn Basil's fate. And here Martin found her, and crept—quite overdone and mastered by his emotions—to her side. _ "I. can't stay here, Emmie!" cried he, starting up a moment after. "I must see what they are doing on the roof." "No, don't go," she answered; "thereare enough without you." "I'll only take a look, Emmie." _ And he had left her before she could detain him. The boy, still weak, stumbled up the steps which gave on to the roof, gazing in wild alarm over the flat space interspersed with battlements and twisted chimneys,' while in the uncertain light, half of darkest shadow, half brightened by the moonbeams, he could distinguish the forms of several persons moving about—Leigh and his companions, of course. But as he still gazed* one of the narrow, dark chimneys appeared to detach itself from its fellow- chimneys and to crouch behind them, and to lie so motionless there that it seemed to be only a part of the deep shadow. "It is-the thief!" thought Martin, his youthful heart leaping wildly; "but what has he done with Basil?" A dreadful idea paralysed him for a moment —had the man thrown the child over the battlements ? But Martin pushed it from him and sprang on to the roof. The thief saw him coming, and with one sharp well-directed blow laid the boy prostrate'and half-fetunned before Leigh or his helpers (dispersed all about the straggling place) knew what was going on, and Martin's assailant had dashed from the roof within the house again, and had hidden in a brush closet, which had already been well searched, and thus gave his pursuers the slip, g Even Emmie had not detected any noise as the villain stole into his hiding- place. No wonder, perhaps, since his soft overshoes deadened all sound. And there he lay, perdu, until a moment for escape should arrive. "There he_ is, sir," said one of Leigh's helpers, espying the prostrate Martin and mistaking him for the thief. _ "Is be insensible, or shamming?"- cried Leigh, bending down. And then he recog nised Martin, ■ : Who was to tell whether the boy had stumbled and struck his head against one of the numerous projections near ■ him, or bad been felled by a blow? They carried him down into the now deserted passage; for Emmie was no longer there, and placing the boy on a bed in the nearest room, and leaving a couple of men to watch the exit from' the roof, Leigh went below for aid. Emmie, however, had not abandoned her watch for no purpose. Whilst waiting in the deserted passage the girl, her ears continually on the stretch, imagined that she-again detected that feeble cry which bad before roused her attention. It was a long way off, but more distinct than before, and starting up she pursued it. Which way was it borne?, Not from the roof, surely. No, it was rather from the very end of the long corridor, or e ven still further off, that the strange, muffled cry floated to her ears. The sound could hardly be called a cry, but it set her pulses tingling, and she trem blingly went on in the direction whence the sound had proceeded. Then she paused, listening intently, now turning an angle in the corridor, and she was thus out of the way of the vidian, who lay concealed in the brush closet. As for him, risking everything, he crept with snalce-like movements from the closet into a short passage, paused, concealed; him self, went on again, turned, doubled, till he came on a flight of stairs, down which he slid, all the time listening anxiously. Voices, movement, floated up from below, but he was still undetected. A little more hardihood might take him safely through the midst of his enemies. Turning ih the contrary direction to footsteps which were approaching him, : going now up, now gliding down back-stairs, he found himself at length at the head of the grand staircase, having actually justpassed one of the flurried maids, who mistook him for one of the men who ,had been up to search the roof ! Now if he could only gain the hall, open the door for himself, and make his exit, he was saved. The villian knew that he was playing a desperate game for freedom, and he dared not hesitate. Now for it. Hinging himself down by the handsomely-carved balusters he reached the foot of the staircase. But not un seen. Two women-servants were at that moment crossing the hall. They stared at him. He dodged them, and then they uttered a cry. "Stop that," he said savagely, and fled to wards the entrance. And he had turned the key, ■withdrawn a bolt, and throwing back the door had dashed, out into the night before any one could arrest him, for he'struck out at the, women with a weapon he held, and the men arrived only to know that the thief had escaped. "But the child !" gasped Leigh. _ "He had not got; the child with him, sir," insisted the terrified women. The other men had followed helter-skelter into the grounds and Leigh was about _ to pursue also when Emmie's voice, calling strangely from above and uttering a kind of joyful scream, attracted his attention. "What is it?" asked he, dashing up two stairs at a time. "Basil! I have found him, Basil!" she ejaculated, as if beside herself, with joy. "Is he hurt? Where did you find him, Emmie ?" gasped Leigh, in strong excitement, taking the little fellow (who now began to scream) from her arms. "I found him in a linen basket with the .lid pressed down. Ob, Leigh, is he hurt?" An excited group was by this time gathered at the head of the stairs, and it was Leigh only who retained sufficient command over himself to say— "Let Lord Eitzreagh be informed imme diately, and Sir. Martin Lawford." A procession was next formed towards the nursery, and thither the sobbing Basil wa3 carried. Poor little fellow, dazed by liavins fouud himself in the arms of a strange man and hurried about from one part of the castle to another, and, finally, as the man realised that he was_ trapped, thrust into a largo upright basket in a deserted passage, it was not sur prising that he should cry piteously. But all his weeping did not awaken the head nurse, who still la^ in a heavy slumber on the bed. It was a good while before the*child , could be soothed. Lord Eitzreagh came hurrying up to seethe restored boy and never had Emmie Lawford seemed fairer to his eyes than as she walked up and dpwn the nursery with Basil in her arms. Martin, a good deal shaken by, his last en counter with the child-stealer, came too; but he felt weak and dazed and asked his sister "if they could not go home?" And now when the worst was over and everybody was relieved from the appalling fear which had beset them concerning Basil, the police arrived, followed soon afterwards by the servants who had been to the dance. And so great had been the confusion that it was only now that Leigh, together with Lord Eitz reagh, had time to enquire how it was that Emmie and her brother found themselves at the castle. . It was Martin who explained very con fusedly, but he did not mean people to find occasion to talk about his sister. " Well, I suppose I ought to confess," began he, " that our being here came about through my intention to run away from home. I meant to go and seek my fortune in America, finding it so dull at our place. And one is always told that you can get land for nothing, and I like adventure." "Upon my word, young sir, you astonish me!" exclaimed Lord Fitzreagb. "But your wild idea of emigrating lias, in some way, saved the house of Airton from a terrible sorrow." ~"Yes, my lord," returned Martin, looking up, " and as that good has come of it, I hope you will ask my father nob to be too hard upon me, you know." "You may be certain I will do my very best, my brave boy! But your sister here—you surely did not persuade her to accompany you ?' "Oh, no. I never said a word tQ her or to anyone. But you see any noise is easily heard in the dead of night, and so, 1 suppose" (stammering) "my sister must have heard me go out and so followed me " "Ah ! now I can understand Miss Emmie's presence on the scene. But pray continue." "Well, my lord, she and I-r-I mean I had agreed to go back with her, and, at least, to give up the idea of starting to-night. We were in our park, under the trees, when we over heard a couple of men talking of carrying off little Basil—though they did not say so in plain words. But we understood. There vvas no time to call for help, and Emmie insisted on going with me—so we ran through the wood, knowing that the thief had gone by the road. In this way we saw him enter the castle by the brealcfast-room window, which was open— and we followed, meaning to ring the alarm bell, but the rope had been put out of the way." "It is impossible fo tell you how,greatly I admire your courage and promptitude," cried the old nobleman. "Miss Lawford, you have acted heroically, and so has your brother." "Oh, don't praise mo, please," replied Emmie, beginning to shed_ tears of agitation. "If Basil is quite safe I think we will go home now. Why, it is 3 o'clock in the morning." " Let me entreat you to remain at the castle till daylight Rooms shall at once be pro pared for you—and indeed it will be safor in every way. Mr. Furrowea, I hope you will also consent to remain here. My gratitude to you is only second to that which I feel to Mr. Martin and Miss Lawford, Indeed, I cannot j say all I feel at this agitating moment." ! Leigh, however, disclaimed all necessity for thanks and was about to depart, but was in duced to. remain till ha cpild. accompany Mapfm'aiid hia airter heinex.fflneo Emtniq" igeal^'^lafFheaiaigStawalfe^aelr to "breakfast in company with herself and Martin. ' Little Basil having by this time sobbed him self to sleep, Emmie retired for an hour or two till it should be convenient to leave the castle. " Martin, you are a thoroughly good fellow!" whispered Leigh. "No one can ever say a word against your sister now. You are something like a brother." The boy's lips parted in a smile as he took in the sense of Leigh's words before he fell asleep. 