THOMAS JARVI[S INTER VIEWED. On Thursday aft:irnoon, our represen tive made his way to the humble homea of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Cro.vn-lane, Ultialo. He was discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest tlen in Sydne-. He was np and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and 'oaring still the marks of a critical illness. and a period of pain. it was very ('clear that he was an inva!lid on th.e r?,i red t,. ,,.'?, talseceneo. In reply to the p'retlminary q"esi ions, he sai : " ,?u ,ant to know all about mly cise ' Well, I'm gladl of an oppor tuuity to tell you. The facts may be of Aalue to tho's straicein lI!,,, was.' ' How long wereotteYi! suftrit ? ' eill, twelve mnulths g I. g,,t so ba, that.- had to leave off work, and 1 hae oe th notating sire, ;hen. About five years ago. nextt Christmas. I men with an accident ; I ivws badly sc:ilded while taking a bath in Pitt-sreet, Sy1-. ney. Since the accident I have beeu failing in he a'th!, and after fo;ur years of grxad ual devel;pmrtent of the malady, I was torce-t to give up my billet ,t ut th Globe Islani .' Shatt were the symptoms ?' 'Simply indescribable. The pains were soeu.'thin.a terri'ole. They wr'r, nst about as nmuch as I could bear. They were for all the w:,rh like as if : saw were cutting my bones in. two in every part of inm. I hal no control over my bowels or blaider, and was : nuisance to mvyeif and to everYone e? s I was incessantly slivering an.l shakin . and could neither eat nor sleep. On trh. 23riJ March last I saw a well-know0. doctor And he told me that my cas was utterly hopeless. HoIwever., I. gave me an order to the Di,'ect.,r o, Charitable Institutions.' Di:i you mnake use of the order ?' 'No: I came honme and went to bed and have been pretty well in bed eve: since, Five weeks ago I could not wali acroas the floor : in fact, I cold n. get out of bed. I felt then that it w, ail over with Iin, and only a ques on of days when l would give up he ghost. My doctor was a'tening i. and did all lie could, by opium an morphia pills, to ease the: agony [ w:[ in.. I wa: under him for five or s:r weeks. He came to the conclusion t:, I wassufferitig from Locomotor atax' or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a di ease of the spinal cord, characterisedl b peculiar disturbances of gait: a diflicult' in co-ordinating voluntary moovement Hie told me that I might last for tre years, and that I might never get the n . of my legs. (Just then the patie kicked his legs about with energy : show that. medical opinion is not infail :ible.) Well;, just as a' drbwning mtila will grasp at a straw, I grasped at as idea conveyed by an advertisement des cribing the cure effected in the case o, another boiler- maker, in England, whisl I read in the ' Australian Workman. by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pal. People. I read in the advertisement o a case which.seemned to fit my own. determined to give the .Pink Pills trial anyway, and sent for a box The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep a, though nothing was the matter wtth me. It was the first appetite and rest I har` for many a day. It was incredible. 1 immediately left the bed and was ab!e t move about. I have taken four boxe of Pink PIills during the past four week, and am now taking the fifth box. i can walk with the aid of a stick, 2nd ii now gradually, but surely, recoverinc my former vitality. You see thos~ crutches there ? They are perfectly new. and I have never used .them. The? were made for me before-I got the.Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use themn and now I don't want them, All I1 want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly re gaining my strength.' 'He is 100 per cent. better.' said Mirs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. 'The Pink Pills have. saved his life and. made anothe, man of him.' A flieid .aled in at thi s p,, im, said that .Tarvi- h,kcckd ten yealrs v".unter that day than he did a fortniglht prc vionsly. 'I can now,' continued J?rvi', ' have a cold bath, and all the feeling h;s cm· back in my legs. If I kVp , on:, il the way I am, I hople to be "ble to r~ sume work as a boiler- maker, and yo, know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work an that trnde. I am better to-day than I have he cn at any time during the past five years. I as cribe all the change an.1.i 1 -:i::t to thee:' Pink Pills, they have saved mv life. I am in no pain now, whatever. and feel like a new man. On the munlhepie.e there is a box of opium and niorphia pills which the d:ctor gave tme to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Eve;'ybo.riy n ho knows nle uLas been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eves. Mvy being about has caused quite a sensation out here.' Suelh is this re?arlIabe history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of, this country of the aston ishing cures wrot'u:ht by Dr. Williams' Pink filtls fr Pa!e People. They cure locomotor antax:, partial paralysis, spinal disease, .ani a:so the taany dis: orders a'i i frI::m the impoverished' tiH. r:'i aa p. d cuir weakness, iniagese n, lolss. of ap petite, shrl'tres of breath, pains in ihie back, nervous headache, ,. " _ : A lay lately travelling second-saloon offered the R.M.S. captain when nearing, Melbourne E2 to put her, name on the firet-saluoun list for publication in the newspapers. The captain -told her to ' take the murney to the reporters.'. At a week-evening service in- am little suburban church recently, the solemn greengrocer who acts as 'itiisteris righti hand nian was giving-out the notices,. The minister had torn him. before the service, I' shall not. be preaching heire on Sunday; I" shall be offiiating at Williamstown.' To his horror the old chap gave out ' Our pastor will-not preach here on Sunday; he'll be fishiig at \Williamnstownn " ihe parson says this wds only. equalte by another slip of the old man's a year or two ago.- IIew.a$ told that two 'snupplioes wdold pieafi during the pastor's absence -the two alternately ; and he announced.-that the Revs. So-and-So would preach ' to all eternity' while the pastor wqs away. .. A little fellow in the beginning of Lent had been 'spken to -by Ihis High Church aunt about the dity. of, the. Lenten fast. She said that-deven child-' ren could deny themselives something. Next d'Iy. the ,little fellow said ' Weil; auntie, I've been thiniking?over ?h!at'yoti said about Ledt, and ids I ave decided. to give up my cod-liver oil:.' Item o. evidence in .a recent divorce case :--' We've been niarried ovei• twenty years ; she is no goobd of a lionsekeeper at all. W~hen. I'e fancied a glass of beer I couldni't get it. She has seen my tongue hanging out- for Fant of one. Yet I love her still.' 