' CHUUUPS ' And ltiajaulwi A msn was riagiag to tha asnempiwiatort'ed' the eoaeertina. The aetea were lodgdrawaaird lllrd with a certain raugifcjtotbaC Wa«si». ptniona Uiteaad id epprerlng rilelaje aatil thw tasg oaaurto an sad. . . , " ttoaie's a iheariag thiagto a nrenis'life," remark ad on old, tltia, wsafhae-tMstru shepherd. thooiraar e< «m New Ma«l and hurt wberin the four saea ware mntaiMMfore mdarga waadfire. Jarinonta whtra wraths asly hatotatiaa.for miles areaad. It wss situatad a pan a lonely read, aud was the general refuge far all tistatod' ahapherds, rtaekmeandrahbiaenbelonginoM the "wo." A'laqc, narrow room seaatily furalshed, with bardm hoiit .nto the walla, a taMe a«d « for add stoata nad. chain,, all of whioh atpresawt wiredrawn up tothe fireplace. The men were smoking ; tha atmosphere was-doara; there was agenotal odour of tobaooe, maohutoto, leather, also wet sheep dog, for there were several of three animals lyi»B down er creeping shoot, sad tin muaieal programme was oocmsioaslly varied by a dismal howl from one or other of them whioh had raahly ventured into the charmed eirele renod the blaaiog logs, anfi got in the way of somebody's great boots. A hoap of damp raddlei was thrown into a earner, whips, straps, and apura lay oboot on table and floor. There wsa ao light save that of the fire, which abed a flickering orimson glow iota the room, lending a oartsin pioturewjuo charm to tho eommen-plare interior, aud soften ing tha rough faees of the men. " Biag agua, WiUie," said tho host, and the musioian, a tbiek-sot, pleaaant looking yonog maa, complied, ead gave thau " Too Ship thai Never Relurqsd," " Rook Mo to Sleep Mother," U Annie Roeaey," and would probably have favoured the company with half-a-dozen more, not being in the least bashful, h'ut that his nut neighbour a man whose distinctive characteris tics ware a pair of long legs, a preoonoosd scowl, and a huge moustache, suggested that tbey bad had enough of him ; to he meekly deposited bis iustriimut beneath his chair, and tho party lapsed into silence, broken only by the eheerfnl oraeklinga of the burning wood ami the sound of the rain on tho roof. Tho old man took his. pipo out of bis mouth aud made n long shot at n glowing eaibor. " Ska's a bad 'un," hn said, slowly. " I don't liko her eye." The remark was apropos of aothing, and no body asked soy questions. " She's a d d bad 'un," ha rontinued in an nrgumantatiro tons; . bat still his companions puffed away gravely and made no answer- "She's tricky, that's what she ia," he want on, after a pause, " and ay ojdnion'ia that thc born hoc got a handful." It was net n horse he was speaking of, bnt a woman, as remark from thn muustsuhed man betrayed. " You're only seen her tiding, with a h»t and a votl en," he said gruffly, " What the do yon know about bsr eye ? " | The old man squared himself up, ready for the fray- " I haven't lived fifty-five years in this world for nothing," he said.. "1-obeeread jnst new that music's a cheery thing in a man's life ; ao's a woman, when she's a 'good ono. When abe'a not, his life is——" " Old Diok is rather amusing en sooial ques tions," drawled tho fourth msu, who had not spoken before— a quiet fallow, looking rather like a broken down-gentleman. " Who is tho lady In question i" " Mrs. Groat," said Moustachio. Tho quiet man whittled. "Hi wife," be said, slowly. " 1 say, Jaetnao, yea'd better be careful what yen're aaviug." " Bhe'd bettor Ire careful what she's doing,'' answered Jackson, aagty at tha rebuke, fur ha was generally eenridered Something of an oracle. ' When a youug woman with an alderly husband spends half her time riding about with a fellow like Bpeaecr—" " Speneer ?" " Yea, Vhat'idle, loafing ead af a.remittaaoe man," " I know. I'donH admirehsr toale." " You'll never fathom a woman," oentinued the eld maa, reewveriug hi Use of wanted im portance, and ftariag gravely into the fire. "Everyuaa elra oawaideni thatrila a cod.ttcre- fore abe'a bawwd to be ahoek aatnm. He's as handsome at the devil, dreaacs well, and be rides Groat'a horses aa it they were-bia owa.aad he had about fourteen mere oat ia-the pad- dock." The man with the meoifeeche pauiod in his oocapatiea of atirriog up the tobaoes in his pipo with bis penknife, aud turned to his boet. "You koawa fat lot, Jacfaen," he said, "hot I throk yra are wrong this trip. She secure a nice young woman. I have sees her oaoe er twice pretty dose." " What is ahe-'Rfce te look at ?" naked the quiet men. " Oh, amaffaad dark," amd Jackson, " with a lot of black hair that's always tumbling down when she's riding, aud that's one-up agin her. A nioe woman koepfber hair neat." The other maa laughed. " Yagi're a sum eld card." ho said,"" bnt I thinkl'd Irerp ay mouth -shot rin this subject if I wore you. Wliathar ywu are -right wr wrong it's a datcerouKhusiamM to meddle with;" Then em of them eterted talkieg "sheep," and svrryChiug else in Heeraa and upon earth faded into utter iusigulfieaeee. Kama, hoggets, ewes, lemha, Merino, South Down, Lincoln, it went on, an umttsea aud atl-abaorbing Upie. Pipm were fiHed again aud again. The fire got low, they talked almost ia tho dark. .. Suddenly thn aler-piog dega started up with sharp little baths, mere barking was going ou outside, aud presently the aeend or approaching harm became audible. Jaekaon got up and threw more wood upon the fire, a shower of sparks flaw up the ebimney. then ha walked orcr and opvuad the deer. Tke quiet man want oa smoking. Willie roas und pot his con certina into his boat as if he feared the coming visitors might wish to stesl'it. It was a stormy eight. Tha wind Mew the rain in at the deM ; tha eld saau was oalling out to someone. , " There's two of 'em," he said, locking Week into the hut ; " a man and a boy." ' Ha went ontaida ; tho visiters earns nsartr. " Put yeur harass into tke shed aad giro 'cm a feed," be shouted There was more oonveraation aad-th'c fiioker- iag of a laatsro, and in a shart time Jackson returned to the' where. His grey hair was all blown about ;he had a qarer expression iu bis "They've lost their way," he said, "they are only going to stay a short time te rest the horses and tho boy." " Who ere tbey ?" naked Monstaakio. Jiekieu did not auawar, but looked at the quiet man, wboaa face was bleak and nhcea- oahiad. The loga had biased up ;1he hut was light sad cboerful-laaking. A. man entered ; tall, fair, and extremely handsome. Be wsa followed by a lad in a great-eoat and a koitted Tam-o'-Bbanter. " Sorry to distorb you, my frimids," he aald, in a dsep, clear voice. "In' tha darkness and the beastly bad' roads we lost : our way. The horses are knocked op, aud V)aat a bit of a spell. Wo have a long way to go to-F ," " Hixteen nrilea," said tha quiet man. Jackson was busy hanging the billy oror the I firs. " I'll glvs yen soma hot tea," bo said te the boy, soma near the fire." " Ob, be'a not cold," cried the ' handsome m»n. hurriedly. " Give htm a rug cod let hint lie daww. We raaratliSlRigh-afiMmrtiyhiuj traok. Rada-tired:" \ , 1 Mustaelfio threw liia.,«large. striped rag tHo<reUod4be<bey npudadtq-snd hclay dowa ii aworaer, "Ws -d— bad lack !'! eoatinu«t..tb( rtrangor, corning forward. ""Who 4s -the hoy f » aakedvWiUic. "eh,««ipperfmui-Aown. llmdalfingihict hack to- bisma;" "Ilaia a,igead-loehieg-lad;','aaid,tta quiot man. Tfer." JailawieuMliatHi Ho -handed- come in A pawoihiw to tila Visitor, then dipped- cut teres more, a ad waaigmng orcr to- where the boy-layj batthoothsr at so put his own down 00 the table. - "T'U take it te-him;".;he. aaid. The quiet man -looked at-Jackson-aod. raised hts eyebrowe-a hi'ir breadth. Tho struugt CftBQB'bftok (o the -fire, imd ut loolrinc into it witii m moody espreanioa upon his fsce, fiuddonly hethrow baek hishotd and-laasbed ""0 tMgh that mado tho dogs statt<up aod growl. " Wbat'othe matter ?" said- Jackson. M Nofchiogp" he answered, " I alwajs-lan, when I am to « bad temper." '! And cry when yonr happy, I suppose drawled the qaiot man. I ' ' Yt»in he said. 41 but I haren't cried yot." He drank bio tea and lit bio pipo. Tbey ati lit fresh pipes ; the group xtrand the fire wa i inocoaagd by ooe ; eonreraatwa became goaeralj They eventoally raturnod to their muttons; Tho boy lumborod in his corner ; too dogi remained quiot. Boon Willie crept away sad got his concertina and began playing softly to himself. It seemed to moth the company— their voices rank to a murmur, tho rain still pattered en thereof, and thus an hour. passed away. Willie reared playing, left the fire, and tumbled lata bla bulb. Moustachio stood an and yawned, .lacknou was gazing into thn embers aod-nodding sligUtly. After a tlme tho stranger stood up. " 1 think we'll go en," be said, and walked brer to the boy. Pore moment or two ho beat ovor him, then raised him to bis feet. 1 " Are you reeled, young fellow ? " asked thcj quiet man, ooming forward. j " Yes, thantc.you," ansnorod-tbo'ilad in q low roioo. 1 He sreaad- ratbsr sleepy and dazed. Between bis coat collar and bis hat there was nothing to be seen bnt two large dark eyes. Ho kept his hands in his pookets and skivered slightly. The man turned ronnd to Jackson. "Thanks very rauah for yonr hospitality, 'j hn aaid. " If you will bring your lantern I. thiols I will eo and gat the horses now." Frewntlq he hoard tha horses go off. In a fow miautre Jaekaon and the quint man returned to- the huti " I must bare another pipe aftar that," obj rervad the latter, and prooreded-to fill it. I Jscksoa'a month waa-twitohing, Bomethin scemad to amnse him. " What's up ? " atknd Monstsehlo. The quiet mao looked at the old one, -who re sponded to the loek with joat the ghost of s wink. "Now we'll tarn-int" he-aaid-;.'bat jnst Uim tho dogs-bsgan tobark again. "Tbey are coming back," aaid tho'monataohod man. J " It's from tho other direction,.vone person riding," said the quiet mau. j Jackson was listening. J " It's thn here," he cried, " on the grey, 'j and rase hurriedly, went oat of the door, and closed it after him. After a few minnte9 a horseman atopprtd suddenly ontaidn, and a quick, authoritative voioa called out to Jsoksou. A short discussion followed, and a loud oath. The old man cam back. A broad grin was upon his weather-j beaten countenance. He shut the door, audi walked up to the fireplace. j " Hett-ootch them up,"he cried, rubbing hid hands. | The quiet man nodded. He-looked .rallied «rve- " Poor little thing ! " he eaid. ' " Snakes ! " cried Mcnatacbio. Willie Hflad bis head eat af the-bank." is the cud P " ba aakod. ' Spaneer," replied tlte-qaiet mim. " Tbon tha boy," aaid MooaUoWa, wit! bulgia? eyeballs. | Ikeow a fatiot,don't I? " ehaok!od-Jitek< i on 11 Pa wrong this trip, eh P The beyj . my»yoaflf frieod, is the boss's wife!" 