THE ORGANIST'S GHOSTS. It was Eastertime. The rafters of tho old church had echoed tho merry laughter and chatter of the young people all the evanlng. Light spiiits had climbed here and there, decorating the time-worn oak with long garlands of green and flowors. Happy young people they wore, and it gave me pleasure to watch them. E*ster caroh had been rehearsed for the last time, and now tho lights wero turned out and the young people hid gone. Faint voicos on tho cold night air broke through the deep tones of tho organ »s my fingers pressed tho keys. I played softly to cutih the cheery good nights as they oama back to mo, and then falling into a reverie, the Ia3t houra of the day slipped away. Finally I leit the keyboard, and with lingering steps slowly felt my way down the narrow stairs of the organ loft. X walked up the broad isle, now a dueky green with the decorations in the sombre darkness of the deserted church. The wind moaned low and ominous, and then, gathering force, it shrieked and whistled as it swept by the window?. With a shiver I drew my coat closer about me, and giv ing a last look round started to move down the aisle and go homo. A noise startled m&, and my hand grasped the back of a pew. What was it? A sound, but surely aot the organ II glanced up at the pipes I loved so much, bat they were lost in the deep shadow. Yet I heard it plainly. Thore it was - again ! A low deep note followed by a second one. Tremblingly I brushed my hand acros3 my face and tried to think. No one wag up there ; of that I was posi tive, and yet what was touching the keys! Ghosts? Something soemad to whisper the name to me. The thought j ingled in my head. It sent chill after chill through me — mo who did not believe in ghosts. I tried to laugh the thought away, but it was useless. A sense of shame for my fear erf pt over me, ond when the last echo died away I started forward. I had moved a step wbea a curious jumble of notes from the or£an stopped me. It sounded as though a hand had been suddenly pressed on: to the keys and then withdrawn. I waited to hear it again, but instead there came a fearful clat ter, and then a crash of glass, followed by a tinkling1 sound and what seemed like a shriek. Thoroughly frightened I clung' to one of the pew backs. The organ loft had. a fascination for me, and I stared into its black depths unable to take my eyes away. I could sea nothing in the dimness, and this served to intensify my fear. Every moment I expected something to appear, but what I did not know. It was a weird situation. Outside the wind howled with uncehsing force, and it seemed as if I now felt its cold sweeping around me. Suddenly the church grew brighter, and a stream of strange blueish light crept slowly along the edge of the organ loft. I watched it in lear as it stole higher and higher until its beams spread across the front of the organ . What was that ? My mouth grew hot and dry and my knees shook. What wore those tall blue-white shadows in the choir loft which were waving at me ? They were pointing at me — mocking me. ' Ghosts !' I whispered, hoarsely, and then I shrieked aloud and clung to the paw back, while my voice echoed among the rafters. Now they wero growing red . and green, always pointing at me. I grew mad with fear, and shrieked again and again. A thousand voices answered me, and with a bound I leaped over the pews and sped down the aisle. As I did so one of the ghosts jumped from the loft, nearly striking me. I dodged it and rushed through the swinging doors out into the vestibule. The big outside door would not open. I wept and raved, tugging at the handles, but they did not yield. Then I thought of the boll-rope — the bell. It would sound the alarm. Like mad I ran to the little room. If people heard the bell they surely would come. As I dashed qpon the door of the room a patter of little feet and~na unearthly howl sounded right behind me. I stumbled and fell forward unconscious. When I came to it was daylight, and aa I slowly rose I recalled the horrors of tho night. With daylight, however, my fears had vanished, and I walked into the churob, ashamed of my terror. One of the windows near the organ loft had blown opon, breaking the glass. I now under stood that mysterious crash of glass and tinkling sound of the night, and with a nervous little laugh I also recoguiaed my terrible ghosts. They were nothing more than a low music-stands f jr the Easter or chestra. The young people had carelessly Ll*u«.n«« A»n« iUrttM nr**SJ**\ i^+ 4-l^n Y**W«^#l nlsv^l*r* blUUVYU uvi-1 luoiu auiua ux mid iiuho ujuuio th&y; had been using. One of the Btands wa3 lying across the baoks of tho pewa beneath the organ loft. This was the one that had jumped at me, doubtless blown over by a puff of wind. A glance at._tho stained-glass window, through which the early morning sun waB shining, explained the colored lights, only the moon's rays had made them mora aweBomo. I laughed at my fooliohness. But what about the organ ? That worried me, and I sprang up the stairs to investigate. Curled up on tho bench was tho trick dog belongiag to tho (iro-houso down the atroet. How he got into the church I don't know, but it was his paws that pushed down tho keyo of the organ, and it waa hia howla and pattering foot that helped to frighton mo. I felt very muoh inclined to punish him, bub instead I patted him kindly and left the church. — Harper's Round Tatye, 