A MIRACLE IN SYDNEY. CASE INVESTIGATED BY A SCORE OF PEOPLE AND VOUCHED FOR BY A PROMINENT MNMBER OF PARLIAMENT. LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA LONG` CON. SIDERED INCURABLE BY THE FIRST PHYSICIANS OF THE WORLD HAS AT LAST BEEN CON QUERED. A GREAT VICTORY FOR DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS. From the '"Australian Workman." On Thursday afternoon, our represen tative made his way to the humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two year baby, and his face declared hmn to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door: Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you.. The facts may be of value to those who are as stricken as I was." '" ow long were you suffering ?" " Vell. twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work and I have done nothing'since then. About five years ago, next Christmas,. I met with an accident, I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health and after four years of gradual development of this malady. I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were the symptoms ?" " Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could bear. "They were for all. the world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every parts of me. I had no control over mny bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else.. I was incessantly shivering and shr.king, and could neither. eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I' saw a well known doctor and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director or Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" " No; 1 came home and went to bed, and have beeen pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not get out of bed. I felt then it was all over with me. and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was t attending me, and did all he could, by 1 opiam and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord. characterised by pecunliar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never ,get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well.just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure affected in the case of another boiler maker in England,.which I read in the " Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent lor a box. 'he effect was as magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible, I immediately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. lcan walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They ,are perfectly new, and I have never used'them. They were made before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't wans .them. All I want is this stick, and I hope ?Agn to dc without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. ' The Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another map of him." A friend who called in at this point, raid that Jagvis looked ten years younger that day than h did a fortnight previ ously. "I can now," continued Jarvis' have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am, I hope to be able to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of bhealth and strength to work at that trade. I am better today than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life, I an in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantiepiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruci ating pain. But they can stay where they are. for I no longer need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonish ing cures wrought by Dr. Williamt' Pink Pills for-Pale People. They cure locomo tor ataxy, partial paralysis. and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood. such as anaemia, pale and sallow complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous-head ache, etc., Mr. J. S. T, M'Gowen, leader of the Labor Party in the N.S.W, Assembly, was seen by our reporter in connection with the remarkable case of Thomas Jarvis. SMr. MI'Gowen says he has known-Jarvis from infancy. He also knew that he had to give up his work at Glebe Island abattoirs twelve-months ago, owing to a malady which he developed. He after wards heard that Jarvis was bed-ridden, and that there was little chance of his recovery. He uuderstood Jarvis was refused admission to the Sydney Hospital, as his case had been pronounced incurable Mr. M'Gowenl was, therefore, like every ene else who knew the facts, astounded at the complete recovery of Jarvis. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are obtainable from all leadinmg chemists, or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Coy., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward (post paid) on receipt of stamps or post order 1 Sbox for 2s d, or dozen for 14s 9d. 