CHAPTER III.-AMONG THE ROSES. She stood beside him, her ceaseless smile at its brightest on her small face, looking like some little female Mtephisto pheles come to tempt a modern Faust. He put up his eyeglass to look at her. WTVhat a gorgeous little creature she was! , It was his first thought. `- In'the dim yellow light of the conser vatory, the amber silk glittered with its pristine- lustre. -The:yellow roses she wore .made such an ýdmirable-foll for her deid 'blackhair.l=: '.: -"WVhat.-the deuce brings.- me here? Don't trouble yourself toa.sk the ques -Uon, mon ami; your face asks It-for jotl; I've been eavesdropping'--in.herairflest tone-"not Intentionally, you under stand," as the young man continued to stare speechlessly at her through -his eyeglass. '"Entering the conservatory by the merest chance, I overheard Miss Dangerfield's last words to you; 'a little more than kin, and less than kind.' were they not ? Permit me to con gratulate you,-Mr Dangerfield." "Congratulate me!" Mr Dangerflield re peated,. dropping his double-barrelled eyeglass, and glowering vengefully at the fair creature by his side. "In Heaven's name, on what ?" "On having escaped becoming the hus band of a termagant. Believe me, not even Scarswood and eight thousand a year would counterbalance so atrocious a temper as that." "Eight thousand a year would coun terbalance with nme even a worse temper than that, Mrs Vavasor," the lawyer an swered, grimly.. "I am only sorry I am not to have the opportunity of trying. Once my wife, I think I could correct the acidity of even Katherine Dangerfleld's temper and tongue." "No, you could not. Petruchio him self would fail to tame this shrew. You see, MSr Dangerfleld, I speak from expe rience. I Iknow what kind of blood flows In our spirited Watherine's veins." "Very good blood, then, I am sure very good- tempered, too. In the main-at Jleat, on the father's .ide." (217 "Ah, on the father's sIde!"- The sneer with which this was nira!l iss nsdesornb able. ':May I ask if you k.new her mo ther, 1Mr Dangerfield?" "Certainly 1 did-a 'eiry ine woman, toosi and as amiable as she was hand some. Colonel Dangerfield (Sir John was colonel then) married a Miss Lascelles, and KatherIne was born in tils very lot;:se. While they were making their Christmas visit. You may have known her fath'r and mother-you certainly seem to know Sir'John suspielously well-blit don't tell me Fathe line took her tantrums front either 'of them-I know better." "I sae you-do-you know all about It. Ilnw old was Katherlne when her father and mother left England for India?" "Two or three years, or thereabouts. It seems to me-being so well acquaint ed. and all that, as you say-you ought to tknw' yourself. Was it II lEngland or India you came to know Sir John so well?" :"In neither, IMr Dangerfeld." "Or dues your acquaintalnce exend only toin Ithe baronet? Gad! lie looked like an incarnate thundereloud when prle sentingyiou. Ills remembrances of youl must be uncommonly pleasant ones, I shouldtsay. Did you know the late Mrs QsI.,ntl Dangerfield, Mrs Vavasor ?" "I knew the late .Mrs C loiel Dangecr held. .Mr Dangerfieldl" "And yet you say Katherine takes her tenlper from her mother. tIy-late aunt in-law nust have greatly changed, then, from the tIme I sas her last." "I repeat It," Irs \'avasorsaid, tail pinghertfan,"Kat!herine inherits her most .lbi';lltnablI temper from lier nilther, the only inheriltance her.mothoir ever left her. And shle looks like her-wonderfully like her-so like," .Mrs \avasor repeated, in a stranSge, suppressed voice, "that I could almost take her for a ghost In pink gauze." - "Like her mother!" cried Peter Dan gerfeld. '"I beg your pardon, Mrs \'a vasor, but you must be dreamlng. She is no more like her mother than I amnt The I]rae nIrs Dangerfield was a hand some woman." "'hichl our spirited" heiress never will be. I agree with you, Mr Danger field; and yet you told me you were in love with her, and wanted to marry hier." "I meant what I said." the young man respolndeild, sullenly, "I da want to marry lier." '"Or her fortune--which?" "I don't see tant that's any busllness of your,. Mrs \avasor, and I don't see lwhat I anm standing here abusing Ka therine to you for. You don't like her, do you? Now. what has she ever done to you?" "Nothingl wbatevelr-I haven't seen KaIthrlne until to-night for fifteen years. She was two years old then-a little de moiselle In short clothes, and too young to have any enemy." "Yet you are her enemy, Mrs Vavasor. and you sit at her table and eat her bread and salt. And you speak of her mother as if you detested her. Is it for the mo ther's sa!ke you hate the daughter?" "For the mother's sake.". She repeated the four short words with a concentrated bitterness that rather repelled her com pauion. "And you hate her for her own, Mr Dangerfield." She laid her little hand suddenly and sharply on his arm, and sent the words in his ear in a sib. lant whisper:.. "We both hate her; let is make common cause together, and hlave our revenge." Peter Dangerfield threw off the gloved hand that felt unpleasantly like a steel manacle on his wrist. "Don't be melodramatic. if you please, Irs \'avasor. Revenge, Indeed! And I . lawyer. You would make an uncom monly good actress, my dear madam, but in private life your histrionic talents are quite thrown awey. Revenge! Bah! Why, tilhe vendetta has gone out of fashion even In Corsica. We don't live In the days of the handsome Lucrezia. when a perfumed rose or a pair of kid gloves sent one's adv'ersary to glory. There is no such word as revenge in these latter days, my dear madam. If one's wife runs away from one with some other fellow, we don't follow andl wipe out our dishonor In his blood; we simply go to Sir Creswell and get a dl vorce. If we run away with some other fellow's wife, that good fellow sues us for damages, and makes a good thing of it. Believe me, M?rs Vavasor, revenge is a word that will soon be obsolete, ex cept on theatrical boards. But, at the eame-timn% I should like to know what you mentan.? - "What is that you say ?" Mrs V'ava sor cried. "While the world lasts and men love anid hate, and use swords and plistols, revenge will never go out of fashion. And you hate your cousin hate her so that, if looks were lightninig, she would have fallen: at your feet ten minutes ago. 'A little, rickety dwarf!' " She laughed her shrill, somewhat elfish laugh. "Not a pleasant name to be called, Mr Dangerfield." \- His face blackened at the r-mem hrance; his small, pale eyes shot forth that steely firelight Iblue eyes only can flash ' "Why do you remind me of that ?" le said, hoarsely. "She did not mean It she said so." "She said so-she said so!" his com panlon cried, scornfully. "fMr Peter Dangerfield, you're not the man I take you for If you endure quietly such an insult as that. And look at her now, with Gaston Dantree. that penniless tenor singer, with the voice of an angel and the face of a god. Look, how she smiles uln at him. Did she ever give you such a glance as that ? See how lie bends over her and whispers in her ear. Did she ever listen to you with that happy face, those drooping, down cast eyes ? Why, she loves that man-that impoverished adventurer; and love and happiness make her almost beautiful. And she called you a rickety dwarf. Perhaps even now they are laughing over it rather as a good "Woman ! Devil!" her victim burst out, goaded to frenzy. " Katherine Dangerfield would stoop to no such base ness as that!" joke." "Would she not? You have yet to learn to lwhat depths of baseness women like hier can stoop. She has bad, bitter bad blood in her veins, I tell you. She comem of a daring unscrupulous race. Oh, don't look at me like that. I don't mean the Dangerfields. And you will bear lher merciless taunt. and stand quietly by whlle she marries yonder handsome cox comb, and go'and be best man at the seddlng, and take your hat off for ever after when you meet Gaston Dantree, master of Scarswood Park. Bah! Peter Dangerfield. you must have milk and water in your veins instead of blood, and I am only wasting my time here talking to you. I'll detain y'ou no longer. I wish you good evening." Shite had goaded him to the right point at last. As she turned to go, he caught her arm fiercely and held her back. "Stay!" he cried, hoarsely; "you shall not go! You do well.to say I hate her. And she shall never marry Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it!. Only show me the way how! Only show me!" he ex claimed, breathlessand hoarse, "and see whether -I have blood In my veins In stead of milk and wateter'a man's pas sions in my heart-though it te the heart of a riCeldty dwarf!" Ah, that blow struck home. "Look at them once again, A1Ir Danger field, lest yo~air brave resolutions should cool-look at Ka?thertne Dangerfield and her lover now." - The baronet's daughter was waltalng again-she had a passionate love of dancing, and floated with the native grace of a Bayadere. She was waltzing writh Dantree, her long rose- wreathed brown hair floating over her shoulder, her happy face up lifted-as she whirled dodwn the long vista in his anrs to the'intoxicating musicof "The Guard's Waltz." S"You see,'" Mrs Vavasor said, signifl cantly. "he who runs may read, and he who stands still may understand. Ilis melancholy tenor voices, his lover-like sighs, his dark, pathetic gyes, have done their work- Katherine Dangerfleld is in -loe'&witli; Gaston Dantreel It is a very old story: A lady of ligh degree hlas 'stooped to conquer.' Sir John won't like it, I daresay; but could Sir John refuse his idolized darling anything? If she cried for the moon she would have It. And she Is so Impetuous, dear child! She will be MIrs Gaston Dantree in the time It would take another young lady to decide the color of thile birdesmalds' dresses." "She shall never be Mrs Gaston Dan tree if I can prevent it!" Peter Danger field cried, vehemently, Isis pale blue eyes filled with lurid rage. :'Yes, but unhappily there is the rub If you can prevent it. You don't sup pose inow," Mrs Vavasosr said, thought- I fully. "tiss Mr Dant'ee is in love withl I her?" "'I know nothing about it. He looks as though-he were, at least-and be hanged to him!'.' "That tells nothing. She is the heiress of Scarswood, and Mr Dantree-like yourself, I haven't a doubt-is in love with that.- I wonder if either of you would w?nt to marry her if she hadn't a farthing-if her brown hair and her fine figure were her only fortune?" "I can answer for myself-I would see her at the deuce first!" "And unless I greatly mistake him, Mr Dantree would also. How she looks up at him! How she smiles! Her Infatua tion is patent to the whole room. And, after her, yot are the heir-at-law, Mr Dangerfield." "I don't see what that's got to do with it," the young man retorted, sulkily. "I am likely to remain heir-at-law to the end of my days, for what I see. Sir John will go off the hooks, and she will marry, and there will be a son - half a dczen of 'em. most likely-and my cake is dough. I wish you wouldn't talk about it at all it'I of no use a man howling his life out for.what he never can get." "Certainly not-for what he can't get; but I don't perceive tle 'can't got' In this case. Three Ieple sthoi between Colo nel Dangerfield~hnt the title six months sgo, and they-as you express it in the elegantly allegorical language of the day -'went off the hooks:' and lo! our Indian officer all In a momelnt steps into three pairs of dead men's shoes, a title, and a fortune. Scarswood may change hands very unexpectedly before the year ends again." "Mrs Vavasar-if that ba your name I don't understand you. What's the use of badgering a man in this way? If you've got anything to say, say It. I never was any hand at guessing riddles. What the deuce do you mean?" Mrs Vavasor laughed gally. "Forcible, bit not polite ! -- Did you ever have your fortune told,Mr Danger field ? I have some gipsy blood in my veins. Give me your hand, and I'll tell it, without the proverblal piece of sil ver." IHe held it out mechanically. Under all thlis riddle-like talk, he knew some strong meaning. very much to the point, lay. What could she mean?- Who could she be? She took his thin, pale, cold hand, and peered into the palm. with the prettiest fortune-telling air Imaginable. "A strangely chequered palm, my gen tleman; all its strange future to come. I see a past quiet and uneventful. I see a character thoroughly selfish, avarici ous, and unprincipled. No. don't take your hand away; it will do you good to hear the truth once in a way. Mr Dan gerfield. You can hate with tigerish in tensity: you would commit any crime under heaven for money, so that you were never likely to be found out. You care for nob3dy but yourself, and you never will. A woman stands in your path to fortune-a woman you hate. That obstacle will be i'noved. I see here a ruined home, and pver ruin and death you step into forture. Don't ask me how. The lines don't ,ell that, Just yet; they may very sooli You are to be a baronet, and the time is very near. How do you like your fortune, Sir Peter Dangerfield, that Is to be?" - She dropped his hand,fand looked him full In the face, streanihng fire In her black eyes. "H'ush-h-h! for Heaven's sake !" he whispered, in terror. "If you should be overheard!" "DBut how do you like it?" "There can be no question of that. Only I don't understand. You are mock ing me. What you predict can never happen." "Wilhy not?" "Why not-why not?'" he exclaimed, impatiently. "You don:t need to ask that question. Katherine Dangerfleld htands between me; a life as good-bet ter than my own." i "What I predict will bippen, as surely as we stand here. Doti'r ask me how ; I can't tell you to-night. There's a sec ret in Sir John Dangerfeld's life-a sec ret I have been paid wnl to keep-which I have kept for flfteet years, which no money will'niake me kieep much-longer. I have a debt of long st ding to pay off -a debt of vengeance, ' ntracted before Katherine Dangerfield- as born, which Katherine Dangerfield et must pay. What will you give me i within the next three months I make t u heir to Scars wood?" "You?" "I,". "It is impossible." "It is not!" She str tped her. foot "Quick! Tell me-what will you give?" "I don't understand . u."' -"I don't mean that yo shall yet. Will you give me ten thou. nds pounds the day that makes you-t rough me, mind -lord of Scarswood? q Jick! Here come our lovers.0Yes or no" " "Yes." I, "It is well. I shall have your bond Ilstead of your prorte soon. Not a whisper of this to a vlvIng mortal, or all Is at an end. We areosworn allies, then, from this night forth.'shake hands upon it." They clasped hands. He shivered a litle, unprincipled though he was, as he fit the cold, steely clasp of her gloved fligers. She glanc' ed up, a flash of truut pph lighting her eyes, to where .Kathctine Dangerfleld, still leaning on her ýandsonme lover's arm, approached. "Now, then, my ba onet's daughter my haughty little heliess-look to your self ! I am a woman who never yet spared friend or foeo who stood in my path. r'ea victis !" She vanished as sh spoke, and Peter Dangerfield. feeling ike a man In a dream, his head in a whirl, glided after her as his cousin ani her cavalier step ped under the arch of rose and myrtle. 