[all liiGHTS Reserved.] PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT. THE WATCHMAN OF ORSDEN MOSS. i By J. monk FOSTER. j =. Author of "The 'Slaves of Fate,": "A Miner's Million," " Children ok Dark ness," "Through Flood anp Flame," "Queen of the Factory," "A Pit Brow Lassie," "The White Gipsy," "The Mine Master's Daughter," Etc., etc. CHAPTER XXVI. . The New Master of Orsdkn Moss. A week or two had passed away, and waiters in the village of Orsden Green' were flowing along very much-in the channels they had pursued prior to the sadden death and inquest upon Aaron Shelvocke and the old watchman. 1 The three relatives of the late Master of Orsden Hall were residing together at the big house, and, save for the absence of their uncle's genial presence, there was little change perceptible. Still there was a differ ence between Mat and Levi and Naomi—a difference which each individual of the trio felt most clearly, and yet "endeavored neither to see nor feel. Shortly after the.interment of Aaron Shel vocke the " last will and testament" of the deceased mineowner was produced by Mr. George Scott, the Coleclou'gh- solicitor1, whom the testator had constituted his legal adviser. That document was duly attested- and proved, its validity was never questioned, and Matthew Shelvocke, Esq.,-stepped prac tically into the shoes- of his dead kinsman. To his niece, NaoTni Shelvocke, Aaron had bequeathed the comfortable sum of five thousand pounds, free of legacy duty; to his nephew, Mr. Levi Blackshaw, two-tifths of that amount; all else, with the exception of small legacies to old friends and servants, became the absolute property of " My dear nephew Matthew," to have and to hold un conditionally for ever. Thus fclie young mine-manager found him self suddenly lifted from a comparatively ob scure position to one of considerable impor tance, influence and wealth. The exact amount of the fortune he had inherited was difficult to estimate ; it could not be less than twenty thousand pounds, and probably might run to five or ten thousand more. But for many days Mat did not trouble his brain much with thoughts i>f his newly acquired affluence and dignity. He was surprised that his uncle had treated him s') generously ; was delighted to have placed in his hands such undying and indisputable proof of Aaron Shelvocku's goodwill and esteem, and while he felt sorry in a sense that his two cousins had less cause to remem ber their dead kinsman affectionately, there were other matters that pressed upon him for attention. The day after the burial of his uncle's re mains Mat proceeded to the colliery as usual, descended the mines, and discharged the ordinary duties of the position to which lie had grown accustomed. To all the miners his manners and methods remained un changed ; he was still their manager, and they were his co-workers, and a stranger to the pits would never have imagined that Mat was lord and master of all he surveyed. . He was quieter than of old, more reticent and thoughtful, but not less kindly and conside rate to the workers on the Moss. His finely - inarked brown face had grown paler and graver, as if his outlook upon life had under gone some deep change ; and the look of in trospection and speculation which had become habijbpal with him now gave rise to many Eufmises. . ■ The defection of Lettice Forrestor was still n thorn In his side, and strive as he would -to put all thought of her behind him,, the ghost , uE Liz strong, young love refused to be laid. Every time his eyes rested upon the fair woman the wound bled anew; and sometimes, when he caught her sadly reproachful, soft, : blue eyes upon him, he felt inclined to question the truth of what he had seen. And apart from this trouble of the heart he had other, and perhaps graver, anxieties. There was the mystery surrounding his uncle's strange end ; Naomi's sudden resolve to quit the village for good—a resolution Aaron's death seemed to have sweptv away ; and, finally, the unknown trouble which appeared to have arisen between his uncle and Levi Blackshaw. Why Aaron Shelvockehad deserted Naomi in Wales, and come back secretly to Orsden Green was a riddle to which Mat in vain sought the key. The more he cudgelled his brains for a solution of the puzzle the more enigmatical the mystery became ; and still, even when the fog around him seemed thick est, Mat felt most positive that there was much to be disc vered. On various occasions Mat had visited the neyer-to-be-forgotton spot in the airways where his uncle's dead body was found. Sometimes he had taken the underlooker or firenun with him, and together they had tried vainly to disentangle the Gordian knot. Even when alone he was not more success ful in Ins mental gropmgs. He was like a man struggling blindly in the dark ; and turn which way he would, peer here and there as he might, no ray of light came to him. . The stone that had been found resting 011 Aaron Shelvocke's broken skull still remained intact, propped against the side of the re paired gallery. Again and agaiu the youitg man had bent his gaze upon that slab of rock into the grain of which some portion of his uncle's life blood had sunk, and wondered what story it would have unfolded could it lmt speak. - . - When Mat had ordered the massive frag ment to be placed aside and preserved lie had thought that the texture of the ,rock would reveal from which part of tha.rxiof.it had fallen ; but examination of the * pious layers of slaty-shale composing the roa£-had proved fruitless, and he was still unable to say whether the stone had fallen accident ally .on the buried man, or been flung there purpo'sely. On the night following llie inquest at Or.sden Mall, Mat. had made his nay to the colliery 011 the Moss with thu intention of speaking to the night winder, Stanforth, who had volunteered to give information before the inquiiy terminated. Mat had been strongly impressed by what the man had stated ; had ivondered greatly that the important point he had raised was not considered- more carefully by the coroner and jury; and it was to satisfy himself more thoroughly on the matter that he sought his workman. -It yas nearly midnight when .Mat crossed 'the batik of the! pits and ^entered ttlic engine-house, the door of which stood ajar. He found Stanfortli alone with that evening's paper in his hand, and the anxious look on the man's face showed the manager how matters stood. The following conversation took place between them :— " Good-night, Luke,'' he cried, genially, in order to set the engineer at his ease. " I daresay you can guess why I have called to ee you ?" — rfri • n "I'i think ,1can, sir,"-< Stanforth had: 'answered; '*I'n» sorry—very sorry, sir, but I thought it \vasvHiy;duty to speak." " Of .course it. \viisj,. and I'm i glad-you did.; .your diity'!" l&aS; rejoined, fruhkfy.1 "But! there is-one thing I want you to, do first ,of all, Luke. Rid your mind of all uneasiness on my account, will you ? So far from blaming you for what you said,'I uui only sorry that you didn't speak out sooner." " I ought to ha' done so, mester, but" I didn't like," the man said slowly. " That's it. You didn't like, Luke ; and I know why you didn't like. You kept .your mouth closed on my account, and youjonly opened it because you were half-afraid of what might happen to you if you keptjback whal you happened to know." j "That's God truth, sir ?'' Stanfortli ex claimed, fervently. " I know it is. I could see how reluctant you were to come forward—how disagreeable it was to tell what you knew—and I knew also why you were so uneasy about it all. You thought, were compelled to think,- that if old Dan Coxall SDoke the truth to : vou. when he said my uncle was going down the pit with his nephew, the nephew in question was myself." - ; ''What else could I think, sir ? -I knpwed you went down the pits at a' hours, an* who else -?" . I "Yes, I see it all, StauTorth," Mat broke in. '"God knows I didn't go with;him. How could I when I was travelling all that' night between ten and twelve o'clock ? i Bun. someone went down with my uncle, audjwhafc: I have to discover is who that man was !" "That's it, mesterStanforth replied.. '' But on'j' owd Dan Coxall can tell yo' that.'"" "And he is beyond speaking," Slat re joined, with a low, dogged vehemence. "But," he added, with sparkling eyes, "I will find out—I will find out, if I spend the whole of my life and my uncle's fortune in the work." The man did not make any rejoinder, but 1 his face showed that Mat's words and manner had made an impression upon him. What ever he might have thought before, it was easy to see that he no longer' believed that his young master had- accompanied his old employer when he went into the mine1 that night. • | Feeling still far from satisfied Mat made it his business on the day following to call upon , Sergeant Roberts, to whom he explained his own feelings of uneasiness concerning the manner of his kinsman's death, j The suspicious circumstances surrounding; the tragedy demanded the most earnest andjcare ful investigation, and, if the officer (Itemed an inquiry neccssary, he was prepared to em ploy one of the smartest detectives that could he found in England. The officer listened patiently, and When Mat had concluded spoke freely, yet with the caution peculiar to a shrewd policeman. It was, he admitted, a singular thing 1 that Aaron Shelvocke should steal away from Wales and go into his own mines under cover of the night; but singular things were happening eveiyday in the world, if one, only cared to take note of them. As Mat knew, his uncle had his own way of looking at things, and probably, when he paid that unexpected and secret visit to the collier}' he was only doing so to satisfy him self that everything was being properly at tended to in his absence. Unfortunate!}', his perhaps excusable curiosity cost him his lite. . " As for uld Coxall's statement to the man at the engines that Shelvocke wasaccompanied by one of his nephews, that could be easily under stood and explained. Aaron and the watch man were old friends, and the master, in all probability, had taken Dan intohisconfidence. Hence the statement that, two were to go down the pit, when 111. reality only one man wished to go. "But who c.ime up the pit some time after wards?" Mat queried, unsatisfied.' "No one came up," was , the answer. "Luke Stinforth only imagines .somebody did. But as no one was working that night I suppose lie would have plenty of time to dream of things, wouldn't he?" Feeling that it was useless to argue the point further Mat desisted. Besides, the only basis he had for argument was suspicion, which might prove groundless. Hence he returned to the liall with a mind still filled with vague misgivings and intangible doubts. In the days that followed there was 110 ex change of opinion between either two of the three cousins regarding the remarkable way in which their joint benefactor had come by his death. Various matters which had hap pened prior to that sad event had set a seal upon the lips of Mat and Naomi, and Levi Blackshaw never alluded to the tragedy even in the remotest way. Occasionally the new master, of Orsden Hall wondered why the'dciul man had set him on watch and guard against Levi, and al though Mat and Naomi had spoken of that matter in Wales neither had ever ventured to renew the discussion. And thus two or three weeks wore away, the trio of cousins living under the same roof eating often at the same table, conversing with each othc-r with apparent freedom,' yet with an unseen but quite palpable cloud of restraint hanging over them all. ! Sometimes Mat attributed this lack of heartiness and-good feeling to his own great fortune. Levi and Naomi were inclined to resent the undoubted partiality his uncle had shown him at their cost, j He was no nearer than they were to the dead man, and it was unnatural that one should take almost all, to the exclusion of others who were also his own flesh and blood. ^Thus Mat thought at times, arid then he would smile ili a grave, forgiving way.' -In tinjj he would show them he was far from merce nary ; for the nonce there was more to think of than mere worldly gear. I One morning about this time, Mat $hel vocke found among the batch of communica tions the earliest post brought him a 1 stter which startled and annoyed him not a t rifle.-. Almost the fir=t glance at the missive arc used;. a keen interest in his breast, and when he : turned to the anonymous signature appe ided tothe note he thrust the sheet into his po ;ket, with an effort to appear indifferent, v hich did not escape the prying eyes of his co isins who were at breakfast with him. Half-an-hour later when he was ale lie— Blacksliaw had uone to the colliery of ices, and Naomi was attending to the duties (f the. household—Mat turned to the letter a ^ain,. read it through carefully, and ponderei its contents deeply. This was what he read : ' "Dear Sir,—What I am about to tell you will most likely annoy you very much, llut as. I think you ought to know -what is going on. around you, and being said, more or less openly, every day, about you, I intewd to speak frankly even brutally if need be. Hence I wish you to consider most carefully what I say. 1 dare not give you my name, but you_ may without much difficulty satisfy yourself that what I warn you against is true. " Perhaps I do not need to tell you that the events of the past two or three v eeks have made you the most prominent m in inr all the village. As the new master of Orsden Hall, the new owner of Orsden Colliery you have become a public character, and the sudden way in which you have leaped, or been thrust, into, a position involving import mce, riches, dignity and responsibility, has nade you a public target at which one and all may shoot their poisoned arrows. :"That is.'.the plain .truth.,' You an: the target, and shafts of envy, malice, hatred, spleen, are bcinc shot day by clay at you. If you care for your good name you will s ee-to fchis matter at once. While all kinds of venomous innuendoes are flying about from one gossip's tongue to another you ha\ e no right to sit idly by with folded arms ( oing nothing. "Do you know wlisi folks are sa^ipg ? Thoy- are saying -"fSat Aai-oji; Shelve ike's death was no£ the mystery it .appears ; that one mail eouiii say something about it if he cared to speak ; that the mysterious < eath was a fine thing for the man who ste pped into his uncl-'s shoes; that it was rei larki. able Mat Shelvocke should be away in \ /ales that night when the night engine-t inter thought he had geme down the pit wit h his uncle ; that the engine tenter slieltere I his new master as far as possible ; that the coroner did the same thing. "Nay, more than this. It is icing., whispered about that there is some connection: .soirje^herQ. between the deaths of the 1 line ■"jnaatersinj kis^ioJd ulQnan—each ! lii'd a • bloody end within an hour or two of each other ; and it is even said that the pMiee, thuugh apparently asleep, are workingqu etly. "AH (Jie.se tilings I repeat, and a thousand others are being said, and at your expanse. Of course, you know nothing. The talkers dare not talk when you are by. Even those" who respect and admire you are compelled to listen to the gossip, if they don't join ill it." "I have told you all this that you I may • !\ :—— : aut.\iyim)eoiio is working against youjntiie dark. X have my suspicions, but f^viltwik. inam%thein. You are a man and.-stl^ngiOj think anil do where your honor—J8teh;ijJJ$ •your life—may be at stake. ' I®}' JsSfl •\y-j- finish now. This letter has cosfejijp-' muchrpaiiy to write. For your sake alone I have \vritten it. But you may rest assured iliat I silTitl!'xifiirtiTratj"tor-vvrruCtf:—I-sign-my* self, V ; / Only'in Friendi", "< ■ " bfeWElt XXVII.' Tfltrrfctnttr w • tub ••HEinr • ~ ~ — For a day or two after the receipt of the letter given in the foregoing chapter Mat went about Orsden Green, and his manner was in no apparent way different from that to which his kinsfolk) work-people and fellow villagers had become -accustomed since the passing away of his uncle. He went down the mines less frequently than before ; spent more of h;s time hanging about the pit-top or sauntering through the village streets ; was absent occasionally from his meals at the hall ; and for the rest his countenance was graver than of old, as if lie were under -the ban of some ever-present trouble. J5ut that anonymous communication tiiat revealed to him how the winds of village gossip were blowing had affected .him more strongly mentally than physically ; and under its paleness and gravity his handsome face had :i sterness, a resoluteness and doggedness which only two women—Naomi Slielvocke ■mid lattice Forrest r—of.all tho crowd, were ;kedii-visioned} enough to -.notice. :i Probably those'two only were able to read '.Mat's countenance and "its; signs, .not through their eyes alone, but.by means of their hearts. That the statements set fortli in the missive were true, both in substance and in fact, Mat never dreamt of dpub ing for an instant. The letter was a revelation to him, and stillwhen his eyes were forced open he was surprised and angry even that lie had notr seen things in that light before., ... ... "The writer, whoever she might be—he knew it;'must b^one of two women—had seen the facts with naked eyes, and had, sent him her living impressions of .what was sunnier-, ing under the Vurfa^e'jof things .around him. Slanderous brains were busy coiniig innuendoes to arm the unthinking crowd; the' tongues of gossiptnongers were, busy circulat ing the base metal ; and his honor, even his life, might be at stake unless he proved he was a man strong to think and dor as '' Only a Friend" had stated. !' • ' What could he think \\\ hat ought he to do ? How easy to ask those questions. How difficult to frame unto them a1 sufficient answer. In the depth of his perplexity Mat hurried to the colliery on the Moss, for the purpose of speaking to his'old sweetheart. Lattice' Forrester must be the author of that letter ; Naomi would have spoken, not written ; arid since their estrangement the pit-brow girl had been debarred by his action from ad dressing him orally. Within a dozen yards of the screens where in Lettice ivas at work the young fellow paused irresolute. How could he speak to the girl in the presence of her workmates ? And to call her away, after the action he had deemed it absolutely necessary to hike, would only be to subject them both to the notice and remarks of many. He went away with his questions un utt-ered. Going across the line of rails lie turned to the Moss, and struck- for that, por tion of it which within recent years had been drained and cultivated. An : liour later he reached the hall tired and weaiy, meeting his cousin face to face as lie. entered the house. • _ . . "What is the matter with you, Mat ?" Naomi cried sympathetically, as lier fine black eyes flashed a look of concern upon her kinsman. "You look quite white and ill. What is disturbing you, dear ?" "I can hardly tell you, Naomi," he answered grimly. " This affair of uncle's has upset me terribly ; but I daresay I shall be all right again in time." "I am sure I hope so, Mat," was her tenderly voiced response. "You are really 1 loking very ill, and you ought to see some one and take !» long rest. Why should you go down the minesat all now i Give it up, at once, and let someone else do the work. Now you must come and take a cup of tea with me." ■ He followed his cousin -into the prettily garnished apartment she affected, of an after noon, and,' as he helped' himself to the tea she had pressed upon him, lie remarked ih a quiet, resolute tone: "I will take your advice, aSaomi. I need a rest badly,.rtnd I will take,x>ne. To-morrow I will go somewhere for "a Week or two. A change will do me good, I daresay." "Of course it will!" wasthehandsope woman's heartily-uttered reply. "And where are you thinking of going "I cannot say yet," but I will let you know." You must tell Levi if I do not see him. Wells,.the„under-lookeiv holds a manager's certificate, and he can take my place. I will see him to-night." On the morrow Mat Slielvocke left Orsden Green without a formal leave-taking of- his cousins. The d*y following they heard from him. He was in Liverpool then, but -was ■ about to journey elsewhere, he said, and would write them again. He wrote later, saying he was bound for London, which he had never visited, and expected to remain there for a week or twq. . In case' his rein-., tives did not hear from him again for some time, they were not to feel uneasy on his ac count, as he was half-minded to pay a visit to Paris. After Mat's last letter readied O; S'Jqii ten days went by ere Levi and Naomi heard from him again. One morning—it w.-is Sun day—the cousins met at breakfast. The face. of each was eager and alert, and in. the .eyea.of. both there burnt alight which bespoke-strange and unexpected intelligence. ' They greeted each'' other formally,' as was their custom, feU to oV th'c'morning meal with a relish and alacrity tlxatwjas scarcely natural) 'and for Spine moments''parfcoOk' of the repast in.silence, .stealing covertTglances-acrogs the 'table as if to read one another's thoughts —"-Naomi," Lin i.said JjmMtfnly^ with his .cup poised in his hand, " don't you tliink it •is strange we haven't heard-from 'our'cousin for so long—ten days, I believe ?" , "Perhaps it is, Levi"'" she answered readily enough. " But ten .days seems a ■shirt time indeed, when one is a.way in a de lightful country spending-a holiday;" You speak as though you knew exactly, •my- deal', where Mat.;is at'■ the present inoment," lie said' slowly, watching her closely,the.while. • .. . . "Of course I know. Didn-t Mat say :he thought of going to Paris ? And that he is there, and finds the gay French capital to his'taste, we are bound to conclude,from, his remissness in not writing." "perhaps !" he said.gtavely,- and with - a marked emphasis on the word. "Do you know," lie went on in the same deliberate tone, " I conclude something else? I don't believe he is in Paris, and I fancy he n«ver dreamt of going there." " You-astonish me, Levi," she cried, with well-simulated surprise. "At least we hiid his word for it.."' " His word !" he said, sneeriiigly. "Yas, his word!" she l-etorted warmly; "and until I see reason to doubt, I may believe it, I suppsse ?" " Women go; on believing, in many things that can never possibly take place," was his cuttnigrejoinder. "He never went to Paris; never intended to go. He is—" —lie-dsew-himselt- up-abruptly, feeling chat he was allowing his heat to carry him too far, - and as he paused she said : in ' her quietly sarcastic way : "You appear to know.a lot about poor Mat, Levi. I was not aware that he took you into his confidence before he went away. I had imagined that you knew nothing until I told you that at my suggestion he decided' to indulge iua long holiday.. I believe he ■ went without even bidding .his dear cousin fOdd-tlVe.-' -ib *• ' • ' "Ilcnow this;. Naomi,'', he' exclaimed in sullen1, linger. " \Vlien a 'young hiari goes for a jaunt upon the' Continent he doesn't usually carry oif a small fortune with him. Within three days of his leaving the village our excellent'cousin withdrew from the bank no less a suinthan two thousand pounds !" " I believe the money belonged to him," Was Naomi's ironical answer. " So l suppose." ■ - ■ . ,;He didn't overdraw his account, I ima gine." " N«i. But a couple of ihnus nrt pounds spells a good deal, if you understand it. I Hike it to mind a very lung absence fr.mi home—an absence, moreover, which was carefully designed, premeditated, and carried -out." - "If so, what-then !" shedemanded, setting down the dainty cup of porcelain with which I she had been toying, and leaning over the a I ilo uuviirils him, yiih Uui;_:ji;.yat'o}e.s i'olknv in^.'lHs' "frn,s '•^ifi^t'er.stiioA flrut Mniyyps his gjjiji l^as^er, tljS»£jIie couiij g<i;Ujd cojgjjps ; lie vojjlcl tlMlvo cin^i-i»Kbracij)U.sly perjuif.s t^j^sfrlc {phis htKfjjjy j liarVII^ille j,jbojj]jij't<>. at Ifis doings." w iiiine su lilini!," lie «ti;l orncu -titrhw-w!* l-« ii!-WUW. "ctp ii.f't e.are fci see 1 -ajiyn; ;t.j wnjrnvdshful to» '"slkw^yod." ; - .; JL ^ .5. $ ( \ • . " You have soiuctimui.S'u.UJl Jim, JLcaiXsee,. Levi. You wish me :>• hear it, and I anr waiting." "JLit has ;r.v;;y—U unci will never return !'' he i'iv.mI, unit the ring of triumph in his vwico, tl;<' ;;Iv::iu <if .satisfied longing in his tui'tivi.', d.ivk eye.1'. " Never 1" s!ic s--ii:l unnstonished, and still bending her imfiiuciiing g.we upon him. "Never is a some vhut. lengthy period, and I can hardly lieli- ve that- my cousin will pro long his holiday tnth.it extent. But you use the tone of assurance. Do you honestly believe what you say ; "I do ! Mat is in Ainei ica : he has sought safety in flight. How can he return ! If; you doubt iny word perhaps y<m will read that." He threw an envelope an 1 its enclosure across the table. She took it up coolly, scanned the foreign-looking staiup and post mark carefully, then drew out Hie sheet the slit envelope contained, andrer.d its contents aloud. The note ran thus _ I "Metropolitan hotel, New York,. iMitli November, 1SS—. i " My Dear Levi,— , i "I scarcely know what youi will think of my somewhat unceremonious cie parture from Orsde'n Green, and: perjhaps what you may think will not troiiblfc hie Over much. All I care to .say to you at present is this. My position at ho:ne was getting un bearable, hence I deemed it desirable to change my quarters. The curious manner in wjhich Uncle Aaron met his death involved mie in a particularly odious manner, and although I am perfectly innocent of any connection with, or knowledge of his secr,jt,yisit to the (pits, people think otherwise. ;; God knows I am guiltless of his murder, if lie was killeiji by human hands, but until I can prove it Ij will never again slioiv my face in my native vil lage. . j "I have placed the estate in the hands of my solicitor, and you will he responsible to him. Some day, when the mystei'y is cleared up, I may return. I Matthew- Suelvocke." "Well!" Levi demanded, as she tiirew back the letter. " What do you thinik of that V j "I am not.surprised at your news. 1 had a letter from Mat myself this morning,] and had read it fully an hour before you tame down to breakfast." ! He glared at her savagely, and an oatll was stifled on his lips. She Hire his glare with a taunting composure, as she helped herscjlf to a frvsli cun of 'm i "You did not tell mo. Naomi." ■ "Nor should I have told you now if jMat had not told you all himself. I can keep a secret in -spite <>i the spiteful saving to| the contrary. Some men are not blessed inithat way.'^ - ! \- "lou are as beautiful as a witch ! I' he cried, half angrily, half in admiration ;j and as deep as the Bottomless Pit. What had Mat to say to you!" . I "Very litt'e, save what - yuuliletter con tains. He was kind cnou/h-toVoiier men thousand pounds in addition to my unfcle's bequest, and he desires me to remain misl-ess of Orsden Hall until he returns, to claiiA his own." j "You will be mistress long, then ! -he. muttered, with half a hiss in his rones. 'jBnt about that I shall never grumble, my dear Naomi, so long as I am muster," lie added, in a meaning way. I' "Till Mat returns I am willing to call1 you by any name that pie ses you, cousin,"! was her careless response. j "He will never return, I tell you. Hd has fled from " A tap at the door closed his lips. The next instant the maid came in, saying that Sergeant Roberts had called! A meaning glitnee ik lied between; the cousins, and then Naomi, who was: the cooler, said ouietlv. : "Bring Sergeant Roberts here, please.." A minute later the officer walked in, dressed in plain clothes. He nodded to both somewhat stiffij", and then remarked, '"I'm sorry to trouble you, Miss Shelvocke and Mr. Blaekshaw. lint perhaps you will oblige me by giving me Mr. Matthew Shel vocke's present address. I understand he is enjoying a holiday somewhere.7' Levi was about to speak, but Naomi stopped him with an imperious gesture. ! "Why do you want Mat! " she demanded. "I have a warrant for his arrest. He is suspected of having something to do with Aaron Shelvocke's death." ■ "Thank God he is gone ! " she cried.; "What does Miss Shelvocke mean ?", the sergeant asked, as he turned toUlacKshaw. '"She means that Matthew Shelvocke has managed to escape to America," was Levi's reply. " Here is a letter from him which I received this very morning. Read it, ser geant- and then you will know all about; the absconder that we can tell you. My cousin ' has gone along way atiekl to spend; his holiday!" j • • r '.To be Continued ! 1 i 