THE SANCTUARY LAMP. ' Thus spake the Lady Abbess, as the nuns : Passe'. two by two, through the wide cl. Her gate Whereon were carven figures of dead saints, And kneeling women bearing in their hands Ascension lilies: " Go ye one and all To the confessional and . shrive your selves; Then icnoel at the high altar, and pray ye . . For one who lieth very near to death." Then tho pale nuns, with sudden, swift accord, Made each the mystic token of the . cross And passed on silently, save one, the last, Who walked alone, the eldest of the house. ""Is it the novice?" said she, speaking low. " Let others pray! I will keep watch with thee." "Nay, it is not the novice. She does well," The abbess made hushed answer. "Come with me." 1 Down the long corridor she swept in haste, Her robe a trailing shadow, her dark veil Floating behind hor, and her snowy band A white -flame on her'forehead, till she paused ' At a low door set in the eastern wall; Then turned and whispered; "She hath come at last, Our groat queen Berengaria, to die Tr> ill A Cflln n kll a» rib A 1% n 4 b bull -1 n/1 well. Enter, hut spoalc not, for mayhap she sleeps." The white, hushed room was like a tem ple dim With floating incense, for the lamp burned low, And through the latticed casement soft ly stole ! The night wind heavy with the frag- i rant breath i Of rose and violet. On a low couch Lay the fair woman Coeur de Lion loved l And all the golden splendour of her hair, | Unbound, unbralded, rippled to the floor, i Like waves of sunshine in a shady glen; ; And all her eyes' blue splendour lit the place, | Mocking the flame that burned upon her ' cheek. j "Ah! never death wore such fair guise before, , If this be death," Assunta said, and wept; i Yet in her heart believed not it was death, I So like it seemed to flush of youth and health. But the wise abbess knew, for she had ' gone j With many a one to the extremost verge Of the dark vale where soul and body part. Swiftly she crossed the chamber and knelt down To touch the hot lips of the queen with wine; Then drew Assunta nearer, whispering — "Look! Her poor tvlts wander! She would , braid her hair As for a festival." For in and out Through the long, golden meshes of her hair | Hor trembling fingers strayed continu ously, 1 ; Weaving the shining strands. . "Nay, my sweet queen," I The abbess said, stilling the restless hands, "I am your tire-woman! Be it mine ' To bind these heavy tresses. Rest, dear heart." But Berengaria smiled. "My wits stray not, Dear mother abbess. Gather. you my liair in one tnicic coil— thus— and lay the rope . - Here in my hand. Now from my casket there Reach me the jewelled blade King Ri chard wore What time he fought with Saladln, and drove Him out fro'm Asoalon. He gave It me, With jest and laughter, one short hour : before Proud Fanuello fell— sialn by the Sara cens." Then lifting her right arm, with one swift stroke, She severed the bright tresses, and fell back Unnerved, and pallid as a wan, white ghost ; That walks at midnight. . | When her heart once more Sent the red current tingling through her veins, Again she spake. "Dear abbess, give me leave . ' For this one night to rule tliy flock and tlioe! Go tliou, Assunta, and with no delay Bring thou twelve sisters hither — they : who are Of all your house most light and deft of touch, | Swiftest to learn and dn." - And soon the nuns Entered the chamber as it were a shrine, .». Crossing themselves and kneeling, one by one. . .'!'. ! "Do me this grace, my sisters," said the queen, "For tills one night your wonted rest forego, . | And do my bidding— Take this coll of hair l — O, golden waves Richard so oft hath kissed! — " ' ' And braid twelve slander chains-as soft as silk. Then braid the twelve together." All night long The pale nuns bent ' them to their lovely task, Nor spake one to another. Silently The gold chains lengthened, while the lamps burned clear, j Making still radiance in the quiet 1 And Berengaria lay with folded palms Patiently waiting. Oiice a night-bird sang Outside the casement, and she, hearken ing, smiled,' . Just as the dawn was breaking, in her hands v They laid a shining rope ap soft as silk, But strong as hempen cable. ''List ye all," Then said t|ie Queen, as round her slender wrist She wound its golden length caress ingly, Laid it against her cheek, and to her breast Pressed it with two white hands and held it close. "My liege lord 'sleeps' in Fontevraud, and there Above liis tomb hang ye a jewelled lamp Swinging from this fair chain— sole part of me That age can wither not, nor time de face! Let the lamp burn with ever-durlng flame, , . But lay my body in the abbey here; It shall not lie where he who loved it so " She ceased, and reverently the kneeling nuns Waited the moment she should further speak; And as they listened, lo! the nightin gale Wailed faintly in the distance, and a .lark Filled the new day with ecstasy of song. — Julia C. R. Dorr in December Scrlbner's. 