PROCEEDINGS IN THE CON VENTION. SOME LENGTHY SPEECHES. Tho Convention resumed its sittings at 10.30 this morning. Mr. WALKER (N.S.W.) gave notice that be would move that a return bo laid before the Convention sliowing- fa.) Tho total public indebtedness of each of the Australasian colonies, giving in a taDuiaieu form tho due date aud amount of each loan, with the rate of Interest it carries; also mention ing in each caso the date of the latost return to which the statistics apply. (b.) The State debt per head In each of the Australian colonies. (c.) Tho annual interest cliargo per head on the said State debts, showing each colony separately. Dr. QUICIC also gave notico for a return show ing what official reports had to say about cer tain land between the existing railways and the Northern Territory, and that of the nearest rail way system of Queensland. A MESSAGE FROM THE QUEEN. The PRESIDENT: "I have the honor to an nounce the receipt, through tho Secretary of State for tho Colonies, of a message from her Majesty the Queen, through his Excellency tho Governor, which is as follows:— 'I liavo received her Majesty's commands to desire you to acquaint the Federal Convention that she takes special Interest lu their proceedings, and hopes that under Divine guidance their labors will result In practical benefit to Australia. X desire; to add my own cordial wishes for a successful result, which will conduce to the dignity and strength of the Empire. — J. Chamberlain.' " When the President announced a message from the Queen, the wholo of the representatives rose to tlielr feet, and remained standing whilst it was read. When lie had finished reading, tlie President said: — "I think this Is a fitting moment to call for three cheers for the Queen." Tho cheers wero given with marked enthusiasm. A CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES AP POINTED. Sir GEORGE TURNER (Victoria) intimated that us they would ba in committeo very shortly, probably early next week, when It would he ne cessary to go Into details, it would be well to appoint a Chairman of Committees. He had tlioreforo pleasure In moving that Sir Richard ciiaffey Baker he the Chairman of Committees to tho Convention. Sir Edward Braddon (Tas.) se conded the motion. Sir RICHARD BAKER, who was warmly cheer ed, said that whilst submitting himself to the wish of the Cenvention, lie desired to say that as it was probable that tho sittings of the Con vention might bo considerably prolonged. It might be necessary before It closed for lilm to ask to be relieved from his duties, as at tho end of May ho would have to contest Ills election for the Legislative Council. Mr. BARTON: "Wo should finish before then." Tho Convention then unanimously agreed to the nomination. THE DEBATE RESUMED BY MR. CARRUTHERS. Mr. CARRUTHERS resumed tho debate on Mr. Barton's motions, which aro as follow: — "No. 1. That iu order to enlarge the powers of self-government of tho people of Australia, It Is desirable to create a Federal Government, which shall exercise authority throughout the federated colonies, subject to the following principal con ditions: — (1.) That the powers, privileges, and territories of the several existing colonies shall remain Intact, oxcept In respect of such sur renders as may be agreed upon to secure uni formity of lot and administration iu the matters of a common concorn. (2.) That after estab lishment of the Federal Government thero shall be no alteration of the territorial possessions or boundaries of the colony without the consent of tho colony or colonies concerned. (3.) That the exclusive power to impose and collect duties of Customs and exciso and to give bounties shall be vested In the Federal Parliament. (4.) That the exclusive control of the military aud naval branch of the federated colonies shall be vcstotl In the Federal Parliament. 16.) That_ tho trade nnd Intercourse between tho federated colonies, whether hy iand or sea, shall becomo and remain absolutely free." . „ "No. 2. Subject to tho carrying out of these nnd such other conditions as may be hereafter deemed necessary, this Convention approves ol the framing of a Federal Constitution which shall establish (a) a Parliament to consist ol two Houses— namely, an Assembly or Senate, ana a National Assembly, or House of Represonta tlvos— the States Assembly to consist of tepro- sentatlves of oach colony, to hold office for such periods, and be chosen in such a manner, as wtu host secure to that Chamber a perpetual exist ence combined with definite responsibility to the people of tho State which shall liavo chosen them, the National Assembly to bo elected hy, districts formed on a. population basis, and to possess tbe sole power of originating all bills appropriating revenue or imponliis taxation, (D) an Executive, consisting of a t.overuoi -General, to he appointed by the Queen, and of such per as i'rom time to time may b-. ..ppolntul ai» bi> advisers; (e) a Supreme Federal Couit, which shall also bo tbe High Court of Appeal for eacn colony iu the Federation." _ At the outHct. lie was wilting to admit, said, 'that, although lie hud been one ol those who had rather objected to tbe mode of procedure proposed by Mr. Bartou, still, tlKr CoiiNcution having agreed to adopt it, ho intended to give it his loyal support, and do all he po.irdbly could to ensure the success, which might it- sull from Mr. Barton's leadership of tho Convention. (Cheers.) The mantle of Sir Henry i'arkes had indeed fallen upon able shoulders. While congratulat ing tbe Convention on its success so far, he be lieved it would be better to brush aside plati tudes aud generalities, and debate only such points us were really at issue. They might set up ideals, thoy might expound theories, but be fore they closed they would like It possible to ac cept something iu the shape or a Constitution which would he quite theoretically perfect. (Cheers, aud Mr. Held: "Hear, hear.") There was, in the preamble to the resolutions, an ex pression which gave him unmixed satisfaction. That was the words "In order to enlarge tho powers of self-government of tho people of Aus tralia." (Cheers, and Mr. Deakin: "Hear, Hear. ) Whilst ho admitted the necessity and grandeur of that proposal, they had to consider, too, tho wider interests of Australasia in Australasian waters. (Cheers.) There were territories thero which ought to belong to Australasia, aud which, if left In the hands of foreign Powers, would prove a menace, and require much additional expenditure on defence works. It was known that the Premiers of the various colonics contem plated a trip to London, to pay tlielr respects to the Queen, and durlns that visit, if arrangements were made by which it would be possible for Australasia to re-acquire what never ought to have been lost — those two portions of New Gui nea which were now in tlic bauds of foreign Powers — it would be. a good Christmas-box, (Cheers.) Then there would be added to tho Australasian Federation New Guinea, an Lland which they had never contemplated as a portion ol' it before — an addition which would largolj In crease our strength, and tend to remove a.cu.UoO of grave weakness in the future. (Much cheer ing.) PITFALLS TO BE AVOIDED. In framing a Constitution for tho Federation of Australia, they must be careful to avoid pit falls. Particularly must this bo the case in re gard to the financial provisions. They must certainly be of such a character that they would not, in year3 to come, be found to hamper or restrain tho free expression of tho will of tho people-' of tho country. (Cheers.) There had been pitfalls in tho Ameri can Constitution, tho results of which, perhaps, the trainers never dreamt of. Still, those provisions had permitted tho building up of one of the most gigantic systems of pro duction in the world. Mr. REID: "Hear, hear." Mr: CARRUTHERS: We did not want a re petition of this sort of thing in Australasia; therefore, before they proceeded further, they wanjtcd more data, moro information, more facta relative to the proposed iinaneial system. (Cheers.) That at least would ensure that in their haste they did not sacrlfico wisdom. He strongly recommended that a select committeo of tho best known iinaneial members of tho Con vention should bo appointed to obtain every pos sible information on Iinaneial matters. Uniortu- nately they were precluded from having with, them some of the best known Australian financial experts. Private busluess or public duty precluded their offering themselves as cu.ndl- dates. Still thero wero members of tho Conven tion who. if appointed to such a committee, would he able to furnish the Convention with very valu able information. (Cheers.) Mr. BARTON: All that is provided for In thd . resolutions that I shall movo next. Mr. CARRUTHERS hoped that such committeo would report fully and openly. Ho had a Btrong objection to anything like secrecy in a matter affecting the. people so intimately as did tbe ques tion oT finance, and further, they all knew that any system of financo to bo popular must aim at economy. (Much applause.) No country on tho face of tho earth was so much over-governed as Australasia. There were similar offices held hy distinct Ministers, which could moro effectively. l)e managed by one. (Applause.) The Conven tion would be doing a good service if their efforts at all points were directed, not to increase public expenditure and taxation, but rather to diminish it. (Applause.) But what pleased him more than anything else wan the earnestness of tbe dealro expressed by Sir George Turner to have tho Cus toms-houses swept away from every intercolonial border. No system of Federation, however good In other respects, would be acceptable to tho people, which did not provide for absolute Inter colonial froetrado. (Great applause.) Mr. BARTON: That is exactly what is pro posed. Mr. CARRUTHERS (continuing): The marked anxiety on the part of Victoria and South Aus tralia to have border Customs-houses removed remindqd him somewhat of the couplet — . "Perhaps it is right to dissemble your love; But why do you kick us downstairs?" (Great applause.) THE RAILWAY QUESTION. But in discussing this phase of the subject, they could not overlook the qucstlou of the railways. We certainly do not want tho venue of conflict changed from the Custom-house to the railwav station. They knew only too well the conflict which existed between the railways of New South Wales and those of Victoria. They knew that tariffs were arranged to catch the traffic, and in some instances to divert it from its natural channels. If something was not done in regard to the railways there would be the same unfedcral and antipathic spirit engendered which had fostered tho Custom- house. (Great applause, and Mr. Deakin: "Hear, hear.") Dr. QUICK: You are quite right there. Mr. CARRUTHERS ((proceeding): The only wav to get over the difficulty was by having the rail ways under Federal control. (Applause.) It had been well said by a prominent journalist that if they federated without federating tho railways. It would ho like tho man who married a girl and then left her at the church door. (Applause and laughter.) There had been some talk of Iho abolition of differential rates, but ho be lieve! that the people of New South Wales would be the last to agree to tho abolition of them without tlio federation of the railways. Mr. WISE: "Hear, hear." Mr. CARRUTHERS: Federate tho railways on a sound basis, and then, as citizens of tho Com monwealth, all would share allko wherever tho traffic was. They would aJl have an Interest in it. They would have an interest in every ton of traffic and every passenger carried. Thoy would share the profit which came from the lucreasod uso of one lino, and share also tho loss which accrued from lines not so much used. He would like to see a committee appointed to take tho evidence of the railway experts of Australia, to put before them their views on a subject which they had made tho study of a lifetime, as to tbo probable consequence of leaving tho railways in the hands of the States, or handing them over to tbe Federal body. ANOTHER IMPORTANT QUESTION. Thero was, again, the important question of representation in tho Senate. Naturally tho smaller colonies wero for equal representation, but if tliey were to give the States equal poweru in the Senate, na Sir Edward Braddon appeared to think It necessary, then at least thoy ought to bo prepared to sbare with the larger States an equal proportion of the financial liabilities. Mr. PEACOCK (Vic.): Yes. that is the point. Mr. CAUHUTHERS (continuing): As long as the financial expenditure was to bo practically borne by tho larger States, and taxation anu re presentation wero to go hand in hand, it was a corollary of that principle that taxation and representation ought to he proportional. Thoso who were taxed and found the money had a right: to its control. It was unsupportablo that the two and a half millions of people in New South Wales and Victoria should enduro a deadlock on money matters, and the consequent interruption of government by the action of a much smaller State. On the deadlock question ho might say that ho would rather listen to the suggestions made by Mr. Glynn and tho Premier of Victoria than adopt tho foreign system; but, after all. tboy must depend largely on the good senso of tho wholo people, and their representatives, to avert deadlocks. federal judicature. He took It that Mr. Barton's propositions for a: Federal Judiciary went bo far aa to establish In connection therewith a High Court of Appeal which should be final for all litigants throughout Australasia. Not only uld he hold the view that it should not be a final Court of Appeal, but ho objected strongly to its taking the place of tho Privy Council. Even if they did succeed in doing away with the right of appeal to tho Priw Couucll, thoy would only bo setting up an in ferior tribunal in place of a superior one. His friend, Mr. Barton, had said something about litigants bolug dragged there. Mr. BARTON: I did not say litigants word dragged there. I said It might bo valuabto and savo litigants from being dragged thousand of miles, or from being obliged, without means or opportunity, of attending that tribunal' to wait hero and see their best interests destroy I was only speaking figuratively. Mr, CARRUTHERS:'vOf course his friend was only speaking figuratively So was he, But tho delays and expenso of an Australian Court of Appeal would bo just as great as tbat to tbo Privy Council. THE FEDERAU CAPITAL. 'And then, as to tho Federal capital, he did not want to throw In their midst tho apple of dis cord. Mr. DEAKIN (Vic.): Tho orango of discord, you mean. Mr. CARRUTHERS: Ho did not wish to anti cipate what might bo dono on this point, but everything pointed to Sydney as the proper place for tho Federal capital. Tho Primacy of Austra lasia was there, and so was the head of the Romas Catholic Church. Mr. PEACOCK: Yes; and we have the head of tho Salvation Army. (Loud laughter.) Mr. CARRUTHERS: He had do doubt the full est consideration would be given to this subject. Before sitting down, he would like to call atten tion to the fact that, whilst the motion provided for union, no provision was made for the pos sible dissolution or separation of any one State. Sir GEO. TURNER: There Is no possibility of dissolution or secession. Mr. CARRUTHERS wanted to know whether there was to be a power of secession. Representatives (unanimously): "No." Mr. CARRUTHERS: At any rate, tbey should so framo the Constitution that they would never have to use anything like civil force. It should be framed in so clastic a manner as to permit of its amendment, to meet the growing aspi rations of the people, and so that they could amend It In their own way. They must remem ber that they had to provide for tho peace and welfare of the community for all time. (Loud cheering.) SPKECII BY MIL HIOOINS. Mr. H. B. HIGGINS (Victoria) admitted a feel ing of difficulty in dealing with the resolutions. They were weak, he said. They were vague, and tbey were inconclusive. In saying that, he cast no reflection upon Mr. Barton, whose valuable services to the cause of Federation he fully re cognised. He believed the electors would he indignant at the fact that they were going hack to tho resolutions of 1891. It would be unwise to give the Senate perpetual existence, with full powers, because It would muke It tho dominant force In the federation. Tho responsibilities of tho Senate to the people should be express and doflnite. He commended Sir Richard Baker's proposition that you could not have responsible government with responsibility to two Houses. The corollary which Sir Richard Baker drew was that there should he no responsibility. His own corollary was that there should not be u Govern ment responsible to two Houses. He believed in responsible Government. One advantage was tbat It was a system to which tho people were used. It was the system in force In the British dominions. It was the system which kept Minis terial action most in touch with the views of the ttuu tms ujjiuioiis 01 me pcopje. it was quite Impossible to accept the conclusion of Sir Richard Baker that Federation would kill tho Cabinet system. Personally, he did not think it was a necessary con dition of Federation that there should be equal representtlon in the Senate. Canada was a case In point. If you gave the Se nate power to amend the money bills, you allowed it to dictate tho financial taxation policy of the GovernmenL It was preposterous that three -small colonics, with not a third of the population, and paying not a third of the taxation, should override the people of Victoria and New South Wales. If the Federal Government preferred to spend a million on the defence of Port Jackson, there might be a cry from Perth and from IIo- bart against it, and South Australia backing it up, tho minority could veto the will of the mujoriLy. There was too ready an acquiescence ill tho false principle, without considering what tho results might be. Not only in Canada, but In Germany, was unequal representation re- cognlsod. Mr. BARTON: But Federation was engendered there more by domination than by consent. Mr. HIGGINS: He did not think so. Ho quoted from Bryco in support of the contention that the true protection of the small States lay in this Hraltation of the powers given to the Federal Parliament. There tho largo States were likely to combine to destroy the interests of the small States. Ho did not think bo. Tho last resort ought to bo to tho number of people whose lives and liberties were at stake under the Federa tion. It was a singular thing to find democratic small States uniting with Tories of large States. However wrong the views of tho majority might be on a great issue, tho acceptance of the will ,of the minority was impossible. The onus was thrown on supporters of equal representation to provo their case. They must come clown from tho abstract and discuss the question in the light of Its practical effects. Whatever might be- tho compromise ultimately reached, It could not bo gainsaid that there was a powerful force of public opinion outside, which viewed tho proposition of equal representation with grave alarm. They fore saw the prospect of a repetition of the state of things in tlie United States, whore the seven millions in New Yorlt had only the same number of Senators as Nevada, with 45,000. Nevada was now only a pocket borough for tlio sliver in terest. Whatever system wan croson, tho senators must bo elected by the people. Election by the State Parliament intermingled Federal with State politics, and gradually tended to decrease the influence of the States. The franchise should bo in the Constitution. He could not understand tho argument that tho State 3hould fix their own! method of election. Mr. J. H. SYMON (South Australia): Only for the Senate. Mr. HIGGINS: He had no objection, of course, to the State Parliaments fixing the franchise of their State Legislature, but If they allowed Fede ral legislators to be elected to tlio first Parlia ment, partly on manhood suffrage and partly on plural voting, they would got a Federal franchise as llttle'llberal as tbat Federal Parliament could make It. ("Hear, hear."). Mr. SYMON: Would you abolish woman's suff rage In South Australia? Mr. HIGGINS: Not from South Australia as a State. The best way to get women's suffrage was' through manhood suffrage. He was In favor of giving a voto to women. Sir GEORGE TURNER: That would be taking Irom them a right which they now possess. Mr. HIGGINS: If they did not get the vote un der the Constitution, they could subsequently get It by an amendment. Ho was wholly against the Joint sittings system for removing deadlocks. .The Sonato would represent a class. (Laughter ) Sir JOHN DOWNER (S.A.): That is very funny. The Senate would represent all classes. ("Hoar, hear.") Mr. HIGGINS: Represent all classes, but re present a minority. Ho advocated the referen dum for deadlocks. Mil. WISE ON THE RELATIVE TOWERS OF THE HOUSES. Mr. WISE (N.S.W.), who was received with tuuch cheering, applauded tho temper of Mr. Hig gles' speech, and its admirable lucidity. He Olftered though from many of his conclusions. Representatives were In much the sumo position as framers or the Constitution found themselves In Philadelphia a little more than century ago) yvnac nau, moro tnan anything else, brought him round to the vlow of equal representation of States in the Sonato was the conviction of Its practical necessity If they desired to get Fede ration. (Cheers.) He was not sure also that there was not some theoretic Justification for it. In, the less thickly populated States the peoplo had traditions to which they clung more closely solely by reason of their nearer contact with those things which, as a people, they most che rished. He could not understand nnyono object ing to one State one voto, who advocated the democratic principle of one mnn ono vote (Cheers from the small States.) Why should thore.be any greater difference In the voting power of a State because of its greater wealth than in an individual because of his? (Renewed cheers.) It was the recognition of tho essential equality of State independence, which underlay tho whole principle of Federation, that they were. asked now to make, in consenting to equal Stutos representation in the Senate. ("Hear hear.") If equal representation wore conceded' they were face to face with the problem stated by Sir Richard Baker. Speaking for himself,, after hearing that speech, he had to put the wholo of his Ideas Into a crucible and think the wholo matter, over again. He was afraid .\b,at, '2 resuIt' ,lnd been to malco him think differently from what Sir R. Baker had de sired. Sir R. Baker had said that the Cabinet system was incompatible with true Federation because you could never have a responsible Go- vernmont, which had to he answerable to two Houses. If that was true, as he (Mr. Wise) be lieved it was, they were at once driven to make choice between a trhe Federation and responsible v Government. ("Hear, hear.") When they were driven to make that choice, it seemed to him of greater importance that they should preserve tho principles of constitutional government by logical concession to the Federal ideit. It was a case In which tho logical formulae of political sclcnco had to give way to the practical neces sities of our own day. ("Hear, hear.") Thus thoy wore driven to the necessity of establishing prodominence of one or two Houses. Sir JOHN DOWNER: Why? How? Mr. WISE: In providing that money bills should Originate in the Lower House, and that the States Assembly should not have power to amend the an nual appropriation bill.With that exception he fail ed to see any reason why the States Assembly should not have co-ordinate power with the re presentative Assembly or Lower House. Give tho Senate power to alter appropriation bills and you made It part of the Executive. This contest about amending money bills was rather of antl- ' quartan than of practical Interest. Ho knew that It had been a vital question to Victoria. He re cognised- that you could not havo responsible government, and grant power to tho Senate, to amend money bills. Sir GEORGE TURNER: "Would you allow tho Senate to amend all Customs bills? Mr. WISE: I don't see why not. (Cheers.) New South Wales had largo deposits of Iron In most of its forms. It was admitted free into Victoria, wjilcji .was a manufacturing colony. Suppose that New South AVales, backed up by Queensland, In order to protect the iron Industry of Ne® South Wales, were to Impose a duty of £5 a ton on all plglron, and tho Victorian delegation' In tho Sonato would like to strike out that Item. Suppose there was a duty indeed which was destructive to tho existing Interest of any State. Mr. ISAACS (Victoria): You are assuming that it had passed the other House. Mr. WISE: Exactly. He did not seo why, where any measure affecting tho vital interests, tho Industrial existence of a State was sought to bo passed into law, the State should not have the opportunity of thwarting It. It was not over monoy bills that the real conflict between tho States would arise. It was not ovor money bills that the real contest that now divided parties arose. ("Hear, bear.") Political conflicts to day took place moro over social questions than over money bills. ("Hear, hear.") Surely it was a little Inconsistent to say that while tbo Senate might amend or defeat a bill which struck at tho very root of social institutions, it should regard as sacred from amendment any bill for the ap. polntment of an ofllcer or the payment of a single fee. (Cheers from South Australian and Vic torian benches.) He hoped they would not be scared in this matter by tbo ghost of dead con troversies. It was not unimportant, however, to bear in mind tbat a great distinction existed between appropriation and what one' might call money bills. If one asked just now, whether he would allow the Stater. Council or Senate to amend taxation bills, he would refer to the last taxation bills In tbo Now South Wales Parliament and the first rul ing given by the President of the Council — that tlie Council could not amend it — also the second — that It could — as an Instance of tho dlfllculty in drawing tho distinction. Sir GEOROE TURNER: You could have aban-. donnd the hill that tho Council amended, and brought in another. .Mr. WISE; Some of us might have thought that that was the right course to take. ("Hear, hear.") Sir GEORGE TURNER (to Mr." Reld): What do you say? Mr. REID: You wait a while. Turner; It didn't suit. (Great laughter.) Mr. WISE: As to uniform franchise, suppose that In the Constitution thoy adopted a particular franchise — say one adult one vote — what power was there to prepare rolls, issue electors' rights, and so on, for the flrst election? Sir GEORGE TURNER: By doing as we did for the Convention elections, and saying that a man should not vote more than once. Mr. WISE doubted whether he made himself clear. He agreed that the franchise must bo. left to the Federal Parliament to settle, after it came into existence; hut before there was a Federal Executive, who was there to ensure that any regulation they made with regard to electoral machinery for any particular colony would bo effectively carried out? . Mr. HOLDER (S.A.): Each colony will havo to pass a bill. oir nmwait: suppose tuey return;; Mr. WISE. If tlicy refuse, wo meet with a fresh obstacle to the Federal Government com ing Into existence. It might seem to be an argu-, ment ad humincm, but lie believed they would' get a much moro liberal franchise from the Federal Parliament than from that Convention. ("Oil.") In regard to the Senate, ho would like to say that there was one matter which Mr. O'Connor seemed to leave a little obscure. He (Mr. Wise) understood him to mean that I'no Senate should have no power to amend the annual Appropriation Bill; but Mr. O'Connor was silent upen a matter of equal Importance. Would lie, or would he not, give the States' Assembly power to amend Loan Appropriation Bills? That matter must be considered. Sir GEORGE TURNER: It is moro important than tlie other matter. Mr. WISE: Yes; of course. It may bo used a.s an engine of oppression. Mr. R. E. O'CONNOR: It is the same principle, because, the money, although borrowed, must ho spent. , Mr. WISE: It might be, as he had said, an engine for oppression and corruption. It might lead to tlio spending of loun moneys in certain localities for certain political reasons. A gop.d deal had been said about deadlocks., But. was it after all necessary to provide any way out of a deadlock? (Applause.) Was there not a good deal to be said In favor of tho view that the deadlocks which had occurred in these colonies were too often owing to. an undue exercise of power which had not afterwards been approved by the people? There was only ono way to absolute ly avoid deadlocks. That was to create a despot- Ism. Deadlocks were tlie price which every free country paid for tlio benefits of a free constitu tion. (Loud applause.) Even if the matter was referred by referendum to the States, the pro bability was that tlie senators merely reflected the opinion of their own States, so that the re-\ ferendum of the States, unless senators had mis represented public opinion, would lead to the same result. At present, was there any way out of the dlfllculty? He entertained rather the Idea that, on the whole, it was' preferable to run tho risk of misunderstandings which might appear now to be insoluble, than to invent a mechanical con trivance which might be used on the slightest pro vocation, In order to prevent difficulties, rather than exhausting all conciliatory methods. He would lilco to say one word on that part of tlio resolution which set out that the powers, privi leges, and territories of several existing colonies shall remain Intact. THE STATE TERRITORIES. One of the considerations in regard to Stute territories which he had not heard commented on, and one which created the chief peculiarity thoy had to face,, -was the large .terri torial size, tho Interests, and the predominance of the wealth in two of them. Another difficulty to himself and those of similar fiscal opinions was that no provision was made— there was no practical alternative. In fact — for" the Bource of revenue for tho Federal Commonwealth, other than the Customs. It would bo exceedingly diffi cult, if not impossible, for the Federal Govern ment to levy direct taxation.' There were some representatives, himself included, who did not look forward with pleasure to tho certainty of continued expense of Customs duties, and it had occurred to' him, and lie. threw it out as a sug gestion, that it the Federal Government wore, endowed at the outset with a substantial pore tion. of tho continent as Federal territory. It would give certain advantages and offer a Hold for an experiment which would be of the great est Interest, and he believed ultimately success ful — an experiment which should result In giving to tlio Federal Government revenue from the gradual growth of value of the land. There had been a steady movement throughout the conti nent that land, wherever it was, could be handed over as a Federal endowment. Representatives (In chorus): What, without any consideration! Mr. WISE: Tho consideration would bo that thoy would govern It. It would have this advan tage, too. Suppose there was a great mineral discovery In territory now unoccupied by any of the States, which Bhould lead to a rush of population, as had been the case lately in South Africa. - The consequence would be that the State which might have an undue predominance al ready, would havo It Increased In the Parliament of the Federation. But if that territory belonged to the Federal Government, thoy could, when necessary, make a new State, which could be admitted to the Federation, and the land would by reason of its development ultimately enable tho Federal Government to dispense entirely with Customs duties. Mr. R. E. O'CONNOR: Do you think that If the Constitution contained a, provision of that kind, it would ho likely to be assented to? Mr. WISE: Of course, It should be dono with tho consent of the four States. Tho territories referred to wore the unoccupied lands in the centre of tbo continent, which at present returned practically no revonue, and which In course of time might give a largo return, especially If railways were constructed through them by tho Federal Government. HOW THE RAILWAYS SHOULD BE DEALT WITH. He entirely ' agreed with Mr. Carruthers' views as to tlie necessity of the Federal Government taking over the control, of the railways. He did so entirely upon tech nical and practical grounds. Competitive rates must go. All were agreed . on that. (Cheers.) Ho would remind Mr. O'Connor, as Mr. Glynn, the representative for South Aus tralia, had already done, that the inter-State " commission of the United States, and the corres ponding tribunal in England, had not succeeded In accomplishing Us object. If there was tbat want of success with such powerful tribunals In dealing with private companies, what hope could they have that a 'tribunal newly called into existence, would be able to coerce power ful States belonglug to tbo union, which owned the railways? But would it bo judicious to commence Federation with this cause of fric tion. Even it they had a commission they would not always bo able to prevent' the imposi tion of differential rates, nor did they know that information thoy might ask for would bo supplied by the respective State Governments controlling the railways, and even if they did show their books, there were so many ways of keeping railway accounts. His friend. Sir C H. Grant, possibly knew better tlian be did, that they hardly showed things as they were. (Laughter.) How was the inter-State commission to And this out? Were not tho difficulties, great as they might bq in the way of the Federal Government taking ovor tho railways, less than the difficulties tuplng them in regard to the inter-State commission? But tlie taking over of the railways by tlie Fede ral Government would serve another purpose. We could not hope to bind these colonies to gether unless we opened lip new channels of com- municatlou and new menus of intercourse, be sides removing those obstacles which nt present obstructed old ones. We should make but littio progress with federation until we turned the wea pons of defence, as provided by tlie railways, into Instruments of consolidation. We could then afford. to extend our railways Into tho western districts, and If managed on a proper system, and without Improper competition, we should get far more trade Into Sydney than we did to-day by many millions of pounds. A Representative: Would you tako over the Tasmanian railways, too? '.: Mr. WISE: That was a matter to, bo dealt -with quite apart. It had been askpd why.- was it neces sary to (take over anything but trunk lines. He replied, as a matter of technical convenience, a good many of our telegraph lines were within railway territory. The malls, too, were carried by train. Surely a dlfllculty would arise if the au thority which controlled tho posts and telegraphs had not also power over tho land on which Its telegraph posts were placed, and tho lines on which its malls were carried. Further, it was extremely difficult to work out any scheme of Federal defence, unless the railway gauges were uniform In each colony. And there was a matter, too, intimately connected with finance, and one which he hoped the finance committee would carefully consider, and report upon, that if the railways were taken over, it was no -exaggera tion to Bay that the actual saving In the rail way management under one system and one man agement from Brisbane to Adelaidq, would amount to £500,000 or £750,000 per annum. Mr. BARTON: On what capital cost? Mr. GORDON: Have you allowed three or four millions for changing the gauge? Ml'. WISE replied that that and changing of the rolling stock was a matter for investiga tion, but even if it did cost £4,000,000 it would not take long to pay off at tho rate of £750,000 annually. Therefore, to adjust tho finances be tween the several States, the taking over of the railways was to be commended. That had al ready been very thoroughly gone Into by a com petent financial expert. He- alluded to Mr. R. L. Nash, financial editor of "The Dally Tele graph," in Sydney, and his pamphlet was, he believed, In the hands of every representative. (Applause.) 1-Ie might say, too, that he was in favor of a clauso In the Federal Constitution forbidding the Federal Government selling one acre of any land that might be made over to them as Federal territory. In regard to the pro posed Federal Judiciary, he entirely disagreed with the proposal made that the Federal Court should be composed of Judges of tho various States. There was this grave objection. it would, in effect, make tho Federal Government dependent upon the Governments of the States. No Commonwealth would be secure which de pended upon officers, and those of high rank, too, who were not appointed by itself, and under Its own control. Mr. GORDON: Well, If appointed the other way. It might havo a Federal bias. Mr. WISE: It would bo bettor to have a Fede ral bias than a State bias. Mr. HOLDER: We want Justice. ' Mr. WISE: Might it not also be necessary to insert some clause in tho Constitution to avoid the danger known in the United States as the "spoils system?" He would have it so set out that, whilst the Federal Executive should have full power to control the civil service, they should not be able to dismiss them for merely party reasons. He thought a clause should be inserted in the Constitution providing that all civil servants should hold office during good be haviour, or until they were discharged for a case stated. That would prevent the Executive from nalno> fhn /tlvll cnpvlho flR fl TftWai'd for D&rty; loyalty. It would also prevent the civil servants being made the victims of spite or commissions behind which tho. Government shirked their re sponsibility. Ho would like to see the first re solution made the preamble of the new bill. The preamble of the bill of 1891 spoke of the union of the States. This preamble would be an as sertion that the Federal Government emanated from the people, and that its powers must bo exercised for the benefit of the people as a whole. It would remove many of the doubts which had given trouble In tbo United States as to the question of tho sovereignty of citizenship; It was an assertion that the powers of the Govern ment, though limited in their scope, were su premo within their own province. Finally, we must all bo ready to make compromises where compromises were necessary without sacrifice of principle, and if tbey did tbat they would be fore they had dono produce a measure which would prove much more in accordance with popular desires than was the bill of 1S91. (Loud and continued applause.) Hit. HENRY SUPPORTS RESPONSIBLE GOVERNMENT. Mr. HENRY (Tasmania) was glad lo find there was a pretty unanimous feeling in favor of equal representation In the Senate. The question of the power of the Senate to amend money hills would also, no doubt, bo considered In due season. He peisonally was very pleased with tlio sug gestion thrown out by Mr. Wise. It might very well be taken us a compromise. He was agree able to submit the question of the franchise of the Senate to the will of the people in the State. Tbey were all prepared to accept representation of the people in the House of Representatives on a population basis. As to tho form of govern ment, ho must say that ho preferred that which had stood tho test of centuries, and that to which Xlie people were used. Ho meant responsible government. The Cabinet was the machinery they "wanted, and that to which the people were used. Ho was against federating the railways, on the ground that tbey were wrapped up with the domestic interests of the colonics; but he had no single objection whatsoever to the Federal Governments taking over the post and telegraph. (Cheers.) To conserve tho Interests of indus tries that had grown up under protective tariffs, he thought that provision should be made that the Constitution should not come into force for two or three years, so that the States would have ample notice. ("Oil, oh," and laughter.) MR. SYMON TRUSTS THK PEOPLE. Mr. SYMON (South Australia), who was received with cheors, said that on the question of State representation in the Senate he had tho greatest faith in tho people, and believed they could trust their sense of justice. They wore a good people, and if left alone their Instincts and their judg ments were right. In framing the Constitution It was desirable that they should as far as pos sible, provide against all possible contingencies and all possible wrongs. Therefore, much as was their trust in the people, thoy must keep that trust a little in the background, and pro vide for ordinary incidents of human nature, Australia was a rapidly growing country, and the small State of to-day might be a larger State of to-morrow. There should be a provision In tho Constitution making tho secession of a State impossible. Mr. ISAACS: A State could not secede. It will be Imperial law. Mr. SYMON: He hoped that the Premiers, when they went to England, would be able to curry with them the flrst draft of the Constitution. (Cheers.) The right of appeal to the Federal Judiciary should be final. He objected to send ing, causes ten or twelve thousand miles away for settlement. Tho idea that the Imperial Parlia ment would refuse to grant tho Judiciary exten- sivo powers was not to be feared. The United States, with less population, had established their Federal Supremo Bench. A judge had recently gone to England to sit on tho Privy Council. There were other judges just as eminent still left. Mr. O'Connor's proposal for an optional right to appeal to the Federal Court or the Privy Coun cil would not work. It would be a grave mis take, and it was better to leavo things as they were. Mr. REID: Hear, hear. Mr. SYMON: If there was to be an option, which party to the cause was to have it? Infinite complications would arise. It was- preferable to have a Federal Supreme Court, whose mem bers should he quite free from State influence or participation In other Jurisdictions. If n uniform franchise were established by the Constitution In South Australia It would have their vote. Mr. BARTON: No; they would retain it on all matters dealt with by the provincial Parlia- ments. Mr. GYLNN (South Australia): They would be surrendering all powers of voting on questions that may lie by their State remitted to tho Fe- . deral Parliament. Mr. SYMON: Precisely. It would ho better for them to give the power of fixing the franchise to the Federal Parliament, and trust to time to assimilate the suffrage. The othor colonies were not yet advanced enough to want the franchise. Mr. BARTON; There has been no substantial demand for it. Mr. SYMON: That strengthened his argument. He wished to cling to responsible Government. You could not eradicate the .party spirit from tho political life of the British race, with all its dis advantages, whatever they might be. It had i worked well. sit- RICHARD BAKER: Never In a federation. I Mr. SYMON denied this. It was not essential to tho Federation that there should be respon sible Government. The United States and Swit zerland never had It. One believed that the for mer would have Incorporated It In tho Constitu tion had the system been understood as well as now. He favored a reduction In the number of mombers of the Sonato to six. He was not at all sure that It would not be better to elect senators by the State Parliament. Tho Senate should have power to amend money bills. Ho "did not believe that the sole power of originating it had been de nied to the House of Representatives. Mr. DEAKIN: Oh, yes it was. ' Mr. ISAACS: Not the power of originating. Mr. DEAKIN: Oh, yes; someone did it. Mr. SYMON: I am surprised to hear it. As to the powers of the Senate over money bills, he conhl not appreciate the argument that, the Sen ate should have power to reject, but not power to amend. It was straining at a gnat and swal lowing a camel. If postal and telegraph services were to be federated, lie could not see why you should not federate the railways. To keep them under Stato control would be just as prejudicial to the continent as If you left Inter-State rivers under State control. Mr. DOBSON (Tasmania): Why can't you meet the difficulty by prohibiting imposition of differ ential rates? Mr. SYMON: If you would be successful, all right; hut lie doubted whether It would be prac ticable. Mr. AVIse had convinced him that the only practical effective remedy was to have com plete Federal control. There would be continual Irritation If any Inter-State Commission were constantly interfering with tho State operation of- lilies. How would tho Federal Supreme Court enforce lt3 judgments against the State if It declined to obey? Mr. ISAACS: Why, you don't mean to say that a section of the peoplo could defy the Federal powor? Mr. SYMON: I suggest the difficulty. I don't say It wouldn't happen If you havo Interference either by commission or by Federal power with what are considered by the .States to be their rights. A'ou will havo continual irritation and dissatisfaction. Sir PHILIP FYSH (Tasmania): Hear, hear. Mr. 3YMON: And tradq will not bo , free. ("Hear, hear.") Under this Federation trad ' must be absolutely unimpeded, both by land and by sea. To effect that wo must give the Federal Government control of the railways. There Is no : middle course. (Cheers). A motion by Mr. Holder (South Australia) for '.formal leavo of absence, as required by the Act, Dor tho AVcst Australian delegates, who had not yet arrived, was agreed to; also for Mr. Tren- fvlth, on the ground of ill-bealth. In our report of tho proceedings of the Federa tion Convention yesterday. It was stated that Mr. Brunkcr handed In a petition from the Women's Christian Temperance Union of New South Waloa in favor of the adult vote. The petition, It Is Inti mated, was forwarded from the AVomanhood Suf frage League of this colony. 