PASTORAL LETTER FOR LENT, 1897. The following Pastoral Letter was read in the churches of the arohdiocese on Sunday last:— "Behold, now is the acceptable time; behold, now is the day of salvation . . . in all things let us exhibit ourselves as the ministers of Ood in much patience, in tribulation, in necessities, in distress . . . in watchings, in fastings." ii. Corinthians, chap, vi., v. 3, 4, and 5. " And they that are Christ's have crucified their flesh, with the vices and concu- • piscences." ; Epistle to the Galatians,chap, v., v. 24. I VEST REVD. AND REVD. FATHEBB, AND DEABLY BELOVED BBETHREN IN CHBIST, J The liturgy of the Church is rich in its r variety, as well as in its expressiveness. 1 It is intended to keep before our minds throughout the varying seasons of the : ecclesiastical year the thoughts and sentiments which are most appropriate for each season. But a little time ago the Church of Christ was keeping company with the devout shepherds at the isolated i crib of Bethlehem, and then her liturgy : was jubilant with praise, inviting the angels in heaven and the just on earth to unite with her in the magnificent Gloria in Excelsis or " Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men of goofi-will." [ Later on the feast of the Epiphany and the five Sundays which followed it were feasts of gladness, because the Church ! was celebrating the manifestation of the newly born Saviour to the Gentile world, and the free access of Jew and Gentile alike to the blessings and gracious ; promises of the new dispensation. But, as in the public life of Our Lord, the intervals which were brightened by joy were few and brief, so in the liturgy of the Church, which reflects the incidents of that life, the seasons of gladness are rare compared with those seasons which commemorate the sorrowful rather than the joyous or glorious mysteries of Oar Lord's life. Hence, after a few weeks of warning, beginning with Septuagesima Sunday, > the Church, mindful of these words of j Ecclesiastes," It is better to go to the ! house of mourning than to the house of, feasting; for in that we are put in mind of the end of all, and the living thinketh ! what is' to come," ushers in the fast of Lent by a ceremony full of significance, i She orders her ministers to mark the j foreheads ofj her children with ashes, I in the form of a cross, snd while doing so, to remind them of their origin and of I their end, in the words, "Remember, man, thou art but dust, and into dust thou shalt return." By the sign of the cross used in this sacred ceremony, sin and its consequences, temporal death and eternal punishment, together with the victory of Christ over death, and th?" redemption whioh He effected by His passion and cross are vividly brought before our minds. These were the great objects the Church bad in the institution and observance of Lent, viz., to make us sensible of the effects of sin, to restrain us from its commission by imposing a, salutary fast, and, by recommending other acts of'selfdenial, to enable us to atone, at least in part, for past sins, to direct our attention to the source of all grace and justification, to "prepare ub to.celebrate worthily the commemoration of the Passion and Death of Christ; and, finally, to imitate the example which He gave to men in His forty days of fast $nd retirement. It is needless to observe that a mere material bodily fast, without correspond- j ing dispositions of the mind, would be of but little avail. Fasting, like every other penitential work, though it may Beem to affect the flesh more immediately, in order to be meritorious must be intended at once as the expression of sorrow for sin and a safeguard of virtue. Hence no one should seek excuses for exemption from the fast. Neither should anyone allege as a sufficient excuse the intrinsic inconvenience of fasting: "They that are Christ's have crucified their flesh) with the vices and concupiscences." If this be true of the ordinary fasts which occur throughout the year, it is especially true regarding the fast of .Lent, which has come down to us consecrated by the venerable tradition of the earliest ages of the Church. * It varied in its rigour, and .ofchei^ accidental circumstances, feat: 5n sfibstance we can traoe it back to 'apostol Even in St. Jerome's day tl days was of universal obaervan fastoneLent of forty days," * "according -to -the fraditk apostles, the whole world agri wwy Christian should do at all times that we must attend to now more anxiously and fervently, in order that the apostolic institution may be observed by the fast of forty days." And again, referring to the fast or Lent, he says:—" But the present days specially call for devotion, for in them we know that we are approaching that most sublime mystery of divine mercy, Our Lord's Passion. And hence in them were the greater fasts instituted by the apostles, through the teaching of the Holy Ghost." St. Augustine is equally explicit. " The fast of Lent," he says, "has authority both in the Old Testament, from Moses and Elias, and from the Gospel, because Our Lord fasted the same number of days, showing thus that the Gospel does not differ from the law and the prophets. The law is represented in the person of Moses, and the prophets in the person of Elias." _ The fast of Lent occupied such a prominent place in the discipline of the early Church that, as Bellarmine observes, there is not one.of the Fathers who does not refer to it. It would be easy to compile references from St. Ignatius, St. Irenseus, Tertullian, Origen, Cyril of Jerusalem, St. Athanasius, St. Chrysostom, and St. Ambrose. Human nature is unchanged, and we have much stronger motives to urge us to the faithful observance of Lent than the devout early Christians had. We need to fast—first, because we have sinned, and, secondly, to preserve us from future sin. The example of Our Blessed Lord, of the apostles, and indeed of all who were eminent for sanctity in every age of the Church's history, teaches us not only the utility of fasting, but also the desirability of joining prayer, retirement, and almsgiving to our fasts. You will, therefore, dearly beloved, faithfully observe the very moderate restrictions which the Church imposes at present in regard to the quality and quantity of food allowed during Lent. You will bear in mind that between the flesh and the spirit there is a continual conflict, and that " if you live according to the flesh you shall die," but, " if by the spirit you mortify the deeds of the fleBh, you shall live," (Rom. vin. 13.) What our Blessed Lord expressed holds true for all time: "From the days of John the Baptist until now the Kingdom of Heaven saffereth violence, and the violent bear it away." Those who faithfully observe the restrictions of Lent will, when the penitential season has expired, have reason to rejoice, and will celebrate with joy the glorious feast of the Resurrection which immediately follows the forty days of Lent. But this year we shall, with God's blessing, celebrate the termination of another Lent, a Lent not of forty days, but of forty years of self-denial and selfsacrifice. By next November forty years will have passed since the original design of St. Patrick's Cathedral was abandoned, and the majestic plan of the present Cathedral adopted. How great was the sacrifice involved in the abandonment of the first design will appear when we remember that already several thousands of pounds had been expended in carrying out that plan, and that no part of the old buildiog now remains except a few pillars and a small portion of the cieling of one of the aisles. But, on the other hand, how immensely profitable was that sacrifice will be seen at once by comparing the old with the new plan. According to the former, Melbourne would have had only a second or third rate parochial Church, whereas, 'according to the present plans, the Archdiocese possesses, for present and future times, a Cathedral Church which, by its solidity, majesty, and beauty, will be a fitting shrine for the imperishable faith which it symbolises, It is due to the founders of the Cathedral to add that it was the arrival in this Country, in 1857, of the present eminent architect of the Cathedral that gave them the opportunity of procuring new and improved plans, and entirely justified their action in availing themselves of that happy opportunity. The Building Committee has definitely decided that the solemn ceremony of Consecration shall take place on the first Sunday of next November. This announcement will give great joy to many who have been waiting in hope and patience for its appearance. Some may, have felt disappointed that the opening of the Cathedral has been delayed so long After the structure seemed to be completed. But in a great and majestij) C^th^dra), besides the structure, there are oumberlesB things to be provided, wHcfcrequire time^uf thought aintl a la%e E 'e*jjeh86, BO the building for its sacred purpdsegii to make all the jarts,on?:harjnonibus whole, and to give ^xjxresBipnto a unity, of idea in a vasj'inuLtiplipity of 'details. 1 '' • •-• >•••••'.-'• . "Without the '«d»tintt^ 6acriifioe8 of •the late^ost s zealous ^ohbwh{q?{i>f^he ; diope8e,iofhis£doved^^ Fitzpatriok, most- of whoae life was oyally and lovingly employed in advancing the work, and of the venerable clergy and generous people of the diocese when it embraced the whole Colony of Victoria, as wlHasafierihe dioceses of Ballarat, Sandhurst, and' Sale were separated from Melbourne, it woiid be ua. possible that so great and so 6±jj)6heiye a work could be completed almost within the lifetime of a single generation. But great as is the credit due to those who' conceived the bold idea. of ereoting a Cathedral of such vast dimensions, who laid its foundations deep and wide and strong, and who patiently watched its early growth from year to year, even when the population and resources of the Colony were small compared with their subsequent expansion, still that credit must be largely shared with those who in recent times, and in very adverse circumstances, have made a supreme effort to complete the work bequeathed to them by the earlier builders. Undoubtedly to the Catholic ladies of the Archdiocese will be willingly accorded the chief share in the credit due to recent progress. A few years ago they raised, by means of the Cathedral Fair, a sum considerably in excess of £13,000. Last year they generously undertook to provide the High Altar, and moBaic pavement for the Sanctuary, at a cost of J2000, and they have almost accomplished what they undertook to perform. The High Altar is now in course of erection. Beneath the table of the Altar are deposited the names of all the subscribers. When fuU^^UMOpleted, the of the the richness of the jjrftar, and receiW&om; it a reflection (>fite ow®Jift^^s<^ipririg}> J To the vifio'ire religions sodalities £nd confraternitie^^^f.^M^j^KC^ell as to more than oneiij^ Organisation, the highest praise is due for the lively and practical interest they are taking in providing altars and other requisites for the the side Chapels. The children of the Catholic Schools have not been outdone in zeal by those of more mature years. Within a short time the children have collected no less than £500 to provide for the requirements of the " Children's Chapel " dedicated to St. Brigid. Thus young and old, ladies and gentlemen, clergy and laity, have vied with each other to render the Cathedral worthy of the Catholic name, and of the Capital of Victoria. Still much remains to be done before the day of consecration comes round. We cannot, in so great a building, expect absolute completenes for some years to come. But we should aim at providing all that is required for the services of religion, and for the convenience of worshippers, before the solemn opening of the Cathedral. Hence I would earnestly urge all, whose promised subscriptions have not as yet been fully paid, to for. ward the balance as soon as possible. In many of the parishes of the diocese I have made a personal appeal which, I gratefully acknowledge, was most generously responded to. In the other parishes in whioh I have not as yet been able to make a personal appeal the people will understand that it is want of time, and not want of confidence in their generosity, which has hitherto prevented me from appealing to them. The Hon. Treasurers of the. Cathedral Building fund are forcibly reminded every quarter, by a demand for the accrued interest, that over and above; what is required for the completion of the Cathedral, they are liable for a debt of £9000 which was incurred to make the final payments to the contractor, and to .provide for the furnishing of the new part, and for the renovation of the"old part of the Cathedral, so as to bring it into conformity with the new: .Such are the circumstances, in which we are placed, and in them we find much more reason for joy and 1 gratitude than for anxiety. We feel joy at the approaching celebration of the solemn consecration of the Cathedral. We feel gratitude towards God and towards all who have helped on the good wor;k from the beginning; and our anxiety is lessened by the conviction that;tWsame generosity which has accomplished so much in the past will complete the offering, and present, free ffomhamau obligation, our. great Cathedral over which the glorious Apostle "of Ireland keeps sentinel, to Him who haff deigned to make an earthly temt>l6 the dwelling ;; place of His glory. : ' wT •£< THOMAS '^OSEtH, .. Archbishop of Mftbouribe, 25th February, 1807; " f ' ' BEGTTLiTIONS FOB ISNT, 1897S g a t h e r f*stjuor A - My* '^y-ti'ki&'X&'ffixjfr S P^cipri meal,: :by Siike^fcqlw Fish and flesh are not allowed at the J same meal. • III. Eggs, cheese.butter and milk are allowed at the principal meal on all the day8 of Lent «xcepton Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, on which two days strict abstinence—exolnding the use even ofurilk—-is to be observed. IV. Batter, as well as milk, may be used at -the collation. On all days, except Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. V. hard or dripping may be used instead of batter whenever batter is allowed. . At the collation eight oances of bread tarny be safely nsed. • FOOT classes of persons are exempt from the law of lasting—namely, those who have not completed their twentyfirst year, those who are over 60 years of age. those who are seriously unwell, and those who.are engaged in hard work. The law of lasting regards the quantity of food chat may be need ; the law of abstinence regards the quality. Two classes of persons are exempt from the law of abstinenoe—namely, those who have not come to the use of reason, and those who are so sick and feeble that abstinenoe would be seriouBly injurious. In . all doubtfal cases dispensations may begranted by the clergy of the diocese, but a dispensation given without sufficient cause is invalid. The time for complying with the precept of Paschal Communion extends from Asn Wednesday to the Octave day of the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul—the 6th of July. The faithful are earnestly exhorted to comply with this sacred duty as soon as ^possible. In country missions it is desirable that pastors should give to the faithful additional opportunities of having their confessions heard during this holy season. Evening devotions, including the Rosary and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament at least twice a week, shall be held in each of the parish churches. 4< THOMAS JOSEPH, Archbishop of Melbourne. St. Patrick's Cathedral, 25th February, 1897. 