The God that Answcretli foy Fire. (By the Rev. Mark Guy Pearce.) The God that answcreth by Are, let him be God. I. Kings, xviii., 24. - It was Elijah himself who proposed this test, and the people readily accepted it. On the summit of Carmel, withered and scorched in that long drought, there gathered the host-in iront the . robed priests'of Baal, and behind them the men of Israel. And up against the sky that never à cloud had dimmed for so long, there rose the steni prophet. Lifting his arm appealingly to Heaven, his summons rang out upon the stillness -"How long halt ye between two opinions? If the Lord be God follow Him; but, if Baal, then follow him." Not a voice made answer from the other side. Then again Elijah speaks, and challenges the peo ple to take a bullock and lay lt upon an altar and put no fire under, and he will take another . and the Lord that answereth by fire, let Him be God. From priests and people came the ready response accepting the challenge. "It ie weil : ftpoken," they shouted, and began at once to make ready. . 41 , Here are some lessons suited to all times, cer tainly not least to our time. The God that an swereth by fire. THE RELIGION OP- GOD MUST BRING THE PROOFS OP ITS DIVINE ORIGIN. . Elijah stands as the very type and emblem of .the religion of God; it, ls always in the world as a daring intruder; a stern reformer; a troubler and a disquieter of Israel, crashing unsparingly upon sin everywhere, however rich or respectable; tho plague of the easy-going. Such a disturber of the peace must carry his credentials with him. Tbis religion is a hurler of lightnings and a protest of thunder against dead forms, however beautiful; against dead creeds, however orthodox; against dead churches, however proud. It cannot live without being met with the angry question, "Who made thee a judge and a ruler over us?" it comes like its Master, overthrowing the tables of the money- changers, and scattering the seats of the dove-sellers, and driving" out the sheep and the oxen. Then up start the stalwart defend ers of the faith, alarmed about- their-vested inter ests, and demanding, "By what authority doest thou these things?" Look at THE VERY NATURE OP THIS HOLY RELIGION. It corares with a demand so lofty, so searching, and yet so humiliating, lt tells the man in all r the pride of hie intellect that he has rio power to see. the kingdom of God, much less to enter into it, until he is born again. It makes light of all his round of outBide-ism-the meats and drinks, the robes and service, and tells him that \- his heart ls full of murder and adultery and lies, andi that- rio toiling agony of his own. can make it cleáni it heeds not the costliest and imost spien-1 did services,, and tells alan.' if ever he is: to be saved it^-must be toy the merit of Another^ Its ' language ; is so . imperative,-thou shalt.- It de mands tfiërinnermost will of the man,-thou shalt love. , It claims every faculty and power of the mari,-thou'shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart and' mind and soul and strength. It claims the man in every relationship arid round of life.-and thy neighbor as thyself. This re ligion ns so pure and spiritual. No beauty of ser vice, no kind of worship, no profession of faith avail anything unless the spirit worship Him, the heart love Him, -the life glorify Him. ITS DEMAND FOR FAITH . <is so peculiar and apart from all our ways of see ing and-suspecting. Perhaps every utterance of the Lord Jesus as we.dwell upon it opens and un folds an Infinite treasure of wisdom and truth and tenderness; but none Is more amazing than those strange words spoken when the Baptist had sent to inquire whether He were indeed the Christ. Jesus healed many plagues and infirmities and cast out many evil spirits, arid then He bade the .messengers go. again and show John the things w hich they had seen and heard. Then He whom the angels worship, who upholdeth all tings by the word of His power, looked forth upon the crowd arid added, Bleesed is he whosoever is not offend ed in Me. ? .Further, Christianity by her very triumphs gives the challenge.of the world a greater force ?arid airgency. There are .two blessings which Christianity has brought to many lands, and is surely bringing to all LIBERTY AND LIGHT. The more.perfectly men are brought into freedom the more naturally -will they ask the ground of claims like these. And as the light of education spr.eads ' the - more thoughtfully will they ask it and the more intelligently must they be answered. Let no one be so utterly foolish as to sigh over "this confounding inquiry with doubt. Because .the slave is trained to an unquestioning obedience, ie liberty therefore a peril? Because light seta * men.thinking forthemselves, is light therefore aa evll?i Do not let up talk as If it were in ana) degree possible. Thank Ged for light; it is the wise men who when they find the young Childi shall lay at Hie feet the costly gifte oí gold anti .myrrh and frankincense. It is the freest men whf can render the. most worthy because the most willing service. CHRISTIANITY IS LOST WHEN IT TAKES TO" ' COERCION. But let us be well assured that light and li berty do malte it more than ever needful that the Church of God should carry on the forefront the 1 unmistakable proof oi her Divine »rigin. Rome, ever quick to discern the eign of the time«, sought to meet the growing demand with a growing proot of authority by voting the Pope infallible. The need is as real fer us as for Rome, the need ol a' ? 1 'manifest authority. Science happily does not ne cessitate doubt, but science does beget and must" beget a spirit oí investigation. And that Chrie^ i tianity must ever be the first to welcome ahd,v rightly satisfy., The gracious Master's invita tion to the first disciples is still the church's in vitation to all-Come and see. And that which satisfied the first disciples shall satisfy the simple seekers of every age--the living Christ. EVERY AGE MUST HAVE ITS OWN PROOF. The church cannot inherit tho evidences, ehe must create them. The prophet does not stand and' tell, the people of the wonders that God had ?wiought for their fathers in Egypt and the Red Sea. He does not remind them of the wilderness j, dad the manna, of Jordan and Jericho. The past ¡ hs dead and buried, and knows no resurrection. AH that .might only swell the triumph of the j enemy. "Where is the God of Israel now?" they, ! might have ashed in derision-"What can you show in these enlightened days?" For every ago claims a monopoly of wisdom; they were the dark ages until we came upon the scene. We live now; in former times there were only other people. The csrly triumphs of Christianity do not greatly con cern the mass of men and women now. Tho triumphs of early Methodism are lightly set aside. They were ignorant people, easily imposed upon. There were ghosts then, and witches, and no gas light. But now that the schoolmaster is abi'iad, where is your power? In these intellectual ïihtil scientific days your poor superstitiouns have löst their chanm; their spell is breken; your words fail to cast out the.devils. AND THE WORLD IS RIGHT, quite right. If the Gospel cannot do to-day what it did aforetime, it is a failure. What Ss it to teU me of Bethesda's ancient fame, if I come and .fintl no expectant crowd, and no sign of the angel, á^A no cripples healed, and none laughing in the glad ness of new life I conclude naturally enough that Bethesda is a failure; that it may do for an orna mental fish-pond, but tho less it ia talked about tho better. The only evidence of Christianity ¡bat can «atisfy me is when it does as much for me as it has ever dona for others. If tito Church of God do live at all, she lives by the breath ot the Almighty. If that inspiro her she can do as great wonders as ever. If that be not in ber, then, in spite of tradition, she ie dead, dead a corpse only, a thing to be got rid af fis speedily as possible, a thing of which God and man alike may say,-Bury the d<*ad out of my sight. . Let religion lack the fire from heaven, and übe is but a poor thing, and can be eaten at every point. This is ever the proof appointed by God, and thi6 is always the proof accepted toy men The God that answereth by fire. 