'THE KJDRTED B868E. 1 The pension examiner who had been on dutf- in a southern state, was m Wash ington for- a. week or two. as is tne cus7 torn atnonsr that class of pun lie servants, au i a a tain cf 1 t he ha 1 seen ana heard m his baihv iC:k. 0 1 e c c i i5 pen to a querv. -there were ha uts there, for where are thev not where the darkey pre vails? But tne real ghost or the whole section, was in an old house known as Harlev Hall The old house was nearly a hundred years oiu, and as far back as the people could remember, it had the repu tation of being haunted This reputation had primarily grown out of the fact that in one of the great rooms of the house was a door leading somewhere which had' never been opened, as far as known', and which resisted every effort to open it. The room was wainscoted in oak nearly to the ceiling, and this door was only about six feet high and three feet wide, and seemed appropriate as the entrance to a secret chamber. It had heavy iron, hinges a.nd a heavy iron latch and sta ple, eaten deeply by the rust, when I saw- it. "In 'response to a suggestion from the owner of the place, who was showing' me over it and telling me the story of its ghost. I made an effort to get the door open, both by pulling at it and by put ting my shoulder against it, and push ing' with ail my strength. I even went so far as to rig a kind of a clumsy jack against it to force it open, but it refused to "nudge an inch. I could tell that it was a well made door by the sound it gave forth when pounded on, but there was no reason apparent why it should not open to reveal what was on the other side of it. "The story was not a very weird one, consisting mostly of the rumor that on certain nights this door opened, and a ' former master of the house came, forth to. wander about. He had never done 'any harm or any .good to any one, and on the whole the ghost story was rather tame, but the door was there, and there was a mystery about that which was still unsolved through all the years. "Last year the owner of the house, at my suggestion, opened the old hall for summer boarders, and I led the van and took the room with the mysterious ""-or in it. "Many's the night. I've sat and watch ed that door, and often of moonlight nights I've sat in the open window, wail ing- to see if the sweetness of the south ern. summer night would not tempt the old master to wander, but he never came forth to meet me, "One night, though, came the revela tion of the mystery. A curtain in one of the windows of a wing of the, house was blow! into a candle flame, and five minutes later fire was raging. Half an hour later the fire was out, but the wing adjoining my room had lost its upper half, exposing the wall of the main building. In the repairs that followed this wall was partly removed, and it was shown that, the mysterious door was not a door, but merely a joke- on posterity, played by the original proprietor, who had a heavy' piece of oak put in the wainscoating, and had carved 'it with his own hands to resemble a door The hinges and latch he had put in to carry the trick to the very end. That door," concluded the narrator, "by actual mea surement was fourteen inches thick and solider than a stone Avail, so that it Avas no wonder nobody could ever open it."— "Washington Star." 