B.0W TOM RODMAN JOINED THE GERMAN ARMY. [By POCLTNEY BlGELOW.] I. 'Thomas,' «iid Professor Schinkel. as they were in the midst of supper, ' run down and see what all the noise is about.' Tom Rodman was only fifteen years old ; but like most Yankee boys of his age, he was prettv quick at getting news. He knew that the French Emperor had declared war against the Germans ; he knew that soldiers were being marched from every village of the fatherland, and he knew also that the Rhine was near to the frontier of France. He was just then— this wa9 in 1870— living in the family of Professor Schinkel, at Slangeustein, on the Rhine, and quickly made up his mind that the noise he heard in the street was made by troops marching to the war. So, with a big piece of brown bread in his hand and another in his mouth, he sprang down stairs two step3 at a time, and opened the front door. The street was full of soldiers who wore helmets of black leather on their heads, and who looked very brown and strong. They all seemed to be looking for something ; they had been marching all day, and each Boldier carried a knapsack that weighed quite as much as a very heavy child. As Tom Rodman was wondering what these soldierb wanted, a big corporal with a straw colored beard and blue eyes came up, measured the house with his eyes, counted the windows, then pulled out a piece of chalk and wrote on the door — ' One corporal and seven men !' Tom now noticed that other doors in the street were being treated in the same way, and quickly learned why ; the whole town was to become night quarters for the troops marching to the war. '; Is the Herr Professor at home ?' asked the corporal 'Yes; come this way,' said Tom, now very much excited. The corporal knocked at the professor's door, and walked in with a sharp military tread. He then stood bolt upright, put one hand to the side of his helmet, after the soldier fashion, and said, in a voice that could be heard all over the house — ' I beg to tell you most respectfully. Here Professor Schinkel, that it is my duty to biinz here for this night one corporal and seven men 1' ' You are heartily welcome, Here Corporal, said the professor. ' I am glad that I am able to do a little good at this time for the brave men who are going to war for the sake of our common country. All was now bustle in the Schinkel family. The seven soldiers came cramping' upstairs, and were made as comfortable as was possible. Tom ran out to the baker's andthe butcher's, and come running back with bread and meat. The soldiers had laid aside their guns, knapsacks, and coats, and each did his share in getting ' supper ready. Corporal Kntohke was invited to eat at the professor's table; and he made the evening pass rapidly t-y telling stories about life in the army. Tom liked the corporal, for he was a big, healthy, strong man, full of enterprise. The professor found that Kutchke had been in the same university as himself, and they had many friends in common'. Tom thought ho would give anything if he could only be a soldierlike Kutchke, and go to the war. The corporal noticed Tom's excitement, and said, ' Herr Professor, why don't you send your son there to fight for his country f The professor laughed. ' My son ? Why, he's not my son. He's not German. Tom is an American boy. His name is Tom Rodman. His mother is the widow of a distinguished American artillery officer, and she has sent him here to learn German in my family.' 'Well,' said Corporal Kutohko, 'you do surprise me. The boy speaks such good German that I never thought he could he a foreigner. But of course foreigners don't oare about fighting for us.' n. The door was pushed open with much force, and one of the soldiers marched into the room, fcnockndiris heels together.^stood very,*tif£and BtiU, tbetftsaid with a very clear but yet rather sad voice-r^ ' ? x..'''-V ''[ ? ' ';- . -V '.-' 'Private Rothmann ha3 been taken very ilL' :. ?.-. :- ?-. ? '?? ? ' Hulloo 1' thought Tom, *? that is a funny name for a German ; it sounds like mine.' Corporal Kutchke ordered the private to run and inform the army Burgeon, while he him self went up stairs to learn what he could. Rothmann was very pale and weak. The heat of the day had affected him on the march, and he was now. tossing' about in a feverish mailer. The surgeon came and said that Bothmann was wholly unfit to march, and. must by left behind. He was at once taken to the hospital. As soon as Rothmann was gone, Tom Rodman went up to help the corporal about getting bedding for his men. He found Kutchke seated on a drum rubbing his nose with a drumstick. 'Million Schock Donnerwetter !' said Kutchke. 'What will my captain say? I shall be blamed because he fell ilL And it's not my fault. It's the fault of all the people along the road, who keep giving the Boldiers cigars and sausage, and make them useless for hard work.' III. When Tom went up to bis room that night he felt very sore at not being allowed to go aud fight with Corporal Kutchke and he feared lest people might think him a coward, lie sat down on the edge of his bed and began to make plans for running away and joining the army in spite of the professor. Just then he noticed the uniform which Rothmann had left behind when they had bo hastily taken him to the hospital. He jumped up, quickly stripped off his coat and trousers, and dressed himself in the uniform of a Prussian foot-soldier. The fit was not perfect, but as he looked at himself in the glass he felt his shoulders straighten up and hie, chest swell with prido, and when he bad finally put on the knapsack and the cartridge-belt, aud the warlike helmit with the brass spike on top, he lookod as though ho had been made for this particular uniform. He was just about reach ing for Rothmann's gun, which had been hung against the wall, when the door was thrown open, and Corporal Kutchke stood facing him, looking as though he had seen a ghost. 'What is it? Who are you? Are you Rothmann ?' Tom burst into a hearty laugh, and the corporal was so delighted at finding that Tom was not the ghost of Rothmann that he too joined. Suddenly Corporal Kutchke slapped Tom on the back and said — 'I have a grand idea. Do you want to be a soldier?' ' Yes, indeed,' said Tom. V Will you march with us to morrow at day break?' ' Certainly,' said Tom. 'Theu,'saidKutcbke, 'I willtakcgoodcare of you. It is against the regulations, but in war time we cannot be eo strict. Your name is Rodman, and you must make believe that you are the man Rothmann whom we have left behind. You are both about the same size, and the captain is not likely to notice any thing araisa, for I will drill you so that you will soon be as good as any of the recruits. You are very big for your age, and you will have splendid stories to tell when you come back from the war.' ' But what about the professor ?' said Tom. 'Ob, that is simple enough,' said the cor poral. 'Just write him a few lines telling him that you have gone to defend the father land against the French, and he will forciva you in the end, oven if he is angry for the moment.' IV. There was hard marching for poar Tom, and his knapsack weighed very heavily on his young soldiers, and now and then he would gladly have gone back to his comfortable bed at the professor's, had he not been anxious to show his German comrades that an American could make a good soldier— for Tom was a very patriotic boy. One night, as they were cooking their supper at the camp fire, Kutchke whispered in Tom's car that some of their scouts had seen French uniforms in the dis tance, and that there would soon be a fight. At about 2 o'clock in the morning his com pany was drawn up ready to inarch, although it was pitch-dark. The captain made them a short speech, telling them they must make no noise, for they hope to get very near to the enemy before being seen, and if they fought well many of them might hope to get the Iron Cross, which is the most highly prized war medal in the German army. Then each soldier held his hand carefully aeainst his side so as to prevent the rattling of his tin water-bottle against his bayonetscab bard, and thus they marched for about an hour in silence, keeping a sharp look-out to right and left. Suddenly was heard ping-ping-ping, the sound of rifle-bullets whizzing over their heads, and soon commenced a clatter of infantry fire, for the Fronch had discovered the movements of this company in the faint light of the dawning day. But it was too late for effeo tive resistance on the part of the enemy, who were taken by surprise, and had to retreat up the slopes of a gentle hill, on the top of which stood six cannon in a row; but, curiously enough, they were pointing in the opposite direction from Tom. As soon as the noise of the firing was heard, Tom heard the bugle3 blowing, and knew from this that the French would soon be firing off their big guns at them. Then the captain roared out to them to run as hard as they could and capture these six pieces of cannon before they could be turned round and fired off ; so they all started with a great hurrah, and arrived at the guns just as the French artillerymen were trying to move them into proper positions. Tom could not tell exactly what happened, excepting that there seemed to be hundreds of swords waving in the air and a oonstant rattling of infantry fire. Mow and then a man dropped, but Tom was too excited to notice why he dropped. His blood was aroused, and he thought only of keeping near Kutchke and whining the Iron Cross. There was one cannon which was just about to be fired, when Kutchke sprang at the man in oharge and knocked him down with the bntt of his rifle ; but no sooner was this done than another man sprang for ward to fire the gun, and three Frenchmen attacked Kutchke at once. Then Tom sprang forward like a wild cat and smashed the gun of a Frenchman who was just about sticking his bayonet through Kutchke'a back, and at this the other two ran away. Then the cap tain, who was fighting close to them, shouted out, ' Well done, Rodman ; you have saved Kutchke's life [' And the soldiers near by shouted ' Hurrah !' still more vigorously, and looked at Rodman as though they were proud of him. But now the captain commenced to be anxious for the safety of his company, and ordered the men to harness up the horses to the French cannon so as to get them back as trophies, for there were signs in the distance that large forces of French were coming up. They had no sooner brought the horses up to bo harnessed than a regiment of French cavalry wore seen galloping towards them in a cloud of dust On they came with loud shouts, and there was no time to waste. Tom's company was ordered to lie down beneath the guns and not to fire until the horses were close to them, and then to give them a volley all together. This plan worked splendidly, for the French were so surprised hv this sudden response that there was much con fusion amongst them, and they hesitated. Tom noticed a Frenoh officer carrying a flag, which in war is considered a very precious trophy. When that Frenchman saw the effieofe,y* the^rst volley * he I6$fcedg3kbout him as though' ready to Iran ', away, and when a second volley was ; Bred, which Killed more Frenchmen, he wheeled round with the flag in his hand. ~$nd put, spurs to his horse. But Tom did not wait lor orders in the presence of such au opportunity. He seized the nearest artillery horse, jumped into the saddle in the twinkling of an eye, and made straight, for the flying French officer. The race was an excit ing one, and Tom soon discovered that it was likely to be a dangerous one ; for they soon left the battle-field behind them, and he had before Him the prospect of fighting a desperate man. - -Tom had no weapons, for he had thrown away bis gun, and at the same time he bad cast off his' knapsack and cartridge belt. Tom shouted to the Frenchman that he must surrender, but the Frenchman paid no atten tion to it ; so Tom took off the stirrup leathers from the saddle while bis horse kept up his furious pace. He hung the two stirrups on to one leather, and joined the two leathers to gether so that they would etretch a long dis tance. Then he Bwung this around his head as though it bad been a long sling, and waited for a time to use it. The . Frenchman was not a very good rider, and the country over which he rode was rather rough, so that he did not dare to turn round in the saddle excepting just enough to point his pistol at Tom and fire it off without hitting anything. Tom was gaining inch by inch, and at last was ready for a blow. A narrow and rapid river was close ahead of them, and the French man no doubt felt that escape was hopeless without a struggle, so he drew his sword, wheeled his horse, and attacked Tom for the purpose of running him through the body. Tom kept cool, swung his long leather gently around his head, and just at the moment when the Frenchman was ready to make his lunge he gave all all his strength to a final awing that brought the stirrups together against the left cheek -of the Frenchman, who fell to the ground stunned and bleeding. One blow was enough, and Tom sprang from his horse, seized the flag and sword from the enemy, and then fetched water from the river and bandaged up the Frenchman's wound. Tom would have stayed longer with this French officer had it not been that French troops made their appearance over the tops of the ridges. V. With the sabre of a French cavalry officer in one hand and the standard of a French cavalry regiment in the other, Tom ran as hard as his legs could carry him towards the rapid stream which was not more than fifty yards from where he had had the short fight, It was no use trying to escape on horseback, for his retreat was cut off by French cavalry ; indeed, it seemed to Tom as though French men bad started up out of the ground all around him, and he realised that he was now cut off entirely from his comrades and must make good use of his wits if he wished to avoid being killed or made prisoner. .Along the edges of this stream were'clumps of over hanging bushes, and into the thickest of them he sprang, where he lay effectually concealed. Pretty soon a_ detachment of Frenchmen passed close to him, and he heard one of them say — 'Oh, that sacre Prussienl How I should like to catch him and get back the standard of our regiment ! But I don't see bow he could have knocked our captain off his horse ; it is most mysterious. However, I suppose he has drowned himself in the river, and so I ought to be satisfied. Tom did not know the name of this river, or where it led to, but he knew enough of geography to know that if he kept on it long enough he should arrive at the Rhine. He was an expert swimmer, and made up his mind that the only way open to him was to travel by water and avoid the land. Of course he did not dare move by daylight, bnt as soon as the sun was set he launched himself upon the stream and struck out with the current. The sabre and standard ho had wrapped round and round with small branches cut from the bushes, and this served him not only as a means of concealing bis trophies, but also as a help, for it supported him when he was tired. His uniform he had to leave behind, for it would have been in his way, and he wore nothing but his shirt and a sort of bathing drawers, which he made by cutting off the lower part of the uniform trousers. The water was, fortunately warm, and Tom was prepared for a good long swim. He had gone about an hour, and already he had begun to fell that he could not stand very much more of this kind of work, when he noticed ahead of him something black. He struck out for it, and found that it was a mas sive door, which had been broken off from some peasant's barn and probably thrown into the river out of mischief by some prowling band of soldiers. To the great delight of Tom this barn door was bo big that he could lie upon it and find most welcome rest as he floated on down stream at the rate of five or six miles an hour. Tom had nothing to eat with him, but he tightened his belt and tried to think of other things, and soon he fell asleep with his head resting in the water on one side of the raft and his legs in the water on the other side. As he lay sweetly dreaming he was suddenly atvakenen by. a sound of voices and by the fie ice light of a huge camp fire on the bank. The voices were Frenoh, and Tom could understand this much — 'Look out there! I see something sus picious on the river. 'It tea corpse,' said another Frenchman, and then Tom heard a laugh. 'Be careful there,' cried another, 'or he will float down upon us and poison our soup ;' and then Tom heard footsteps coming down to the water's edge ; then he felt a push against his raft and the scraping of a bayonet point against one of his legs. So near was he that he could smell the fragrant supper — the onions, the beef, and the smoke of the wood fire. About half an hour from whero he had left the Frenchmen cooking their soup he rounded a bend in the river, and saw ahead of him another camp-fire, with soldiers about it wear ing German forage- caps. Ho recognised the big straw-colored beard of Kutchke, and knew at once that he was amongst friends. He floated close to the bank where the corporal stood, and pretended to be a corpse. No one noticed him until he was at their very feet, and then he heard someone say, ' Ach, there is a corpse ! Push it away quickly 1' And then he heard Kutchke call out, 'No; wait until I see it Perhaps it is Tom Rodman.' Then ho heard the heavy tread of Kutchke, and presently the corporal's voice could be heard breaking out into loud lamentation. 'Ah, yes,' said he, 'it is poor Rodman, who saved my life from the Frenchmen ! How dreadful that I should have brought him to the war ! What can I do ?' ' Why, you can give me something to eat !' came from the raft; and with these words Tom Rodman sat bolt upright and laughed in Kutchke's face Then there was a loud hurrah in the camp, and all the soldiers flocked down to see the miracle of Rodman coming to life and asking for something to eat Kutchke embraced him and kissed him several times, and called him his saviour. All the men shook hands with him, and he was at once put into a good warm uniform and given the most com fortable Beat by the fire, where he was pro vided with a big tin full of well-cooked cab bage, sausage, and bread, which tasted exceed ingly well after the hardships of the last twenty-four hours. In the midst of ib arrived the captain, who wanted also to hear the story Of Tom's escape and why he had chased after the French officer. Tom told his adveh? jtures, and then ^produced the French cavalry standard and the sabre of the officer whom. he had ^knocked from his horse, with the pair of stirrups. , ' . AU were delighted at the result of Tom's courage, and Kutchke said that Tom deserved throe Iron Crosses— one- for saving his life, another for capturing the standard, and another for bringing home the sabre. Tom was very popular with his comrades, and the news of his adventures soon} reached the ears oL the cjplonel of his regiment, and he was Boon afterwards informed *th*fc* he-' was to receive the Iron Cross. Th'8%holeregimeat was formed into thr^|diles-pfc h square, attd the colonel called outTOS Tiaine* of Tom Rod man, who stepped forward/and stood very Btiff while the colonel asked after him and his family- -Tom could not any longer conceal the fact that he was not a German, but an American boy, and the colonel promised to say nothing about it in order that Kutchke should not be punished. So this is how Tom Rodman joined the German array, and was the first American to wear the famous Iron Cross. The colonel cabled to his mother in America, so that she might not be alarmed, and tho professor easily forgave his pupil for all the anxiety that Tom had caused him. — Harper's Round Table. 