AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. A house crowded to overflowing, filled the Theatre Iioyal on Saturday 'night, when Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove's Company presented for the first time in Adelaide the farcical comedy, "A Night Out," written by George Eeydeau and Maurice Desvallierres. The English version has had a successful run in London, Melbourne, and Sydney, and it is easy to foretell from its enthusiastic reception on Saturday that it will add to its triumphs in Adelaide. The play—Erench in its origin, its personages, and its action—is full of lively situations, amusing mistakes, and smart dialogue, to which full effect is given by the excellent acting of the company. . There is no lull in the action; id goes with a swing right through until the climax is reached in the Hotel Maseotte, where all the parties are brought together,—and one amusing contre temps succeeds another with such rapidity that the audience are wearied with laughter. Joseph Pinglet, who is portrayed in a vein of dry humor by Mr. Harry Paulton, is a master builder who has lived long enough to grow a little tired of kiswife, but has not outlived his sentimental proclivities. His neighbor is an architect named Paillard, whose young and pretty spouse, Mareelle, considers herself neglected, and the wedded J osepli is quite ready to console her. Paillard lias to report on a haunted hotel in Paris, and to hear the spirit rappings j he mustnecessarilyspendthenightthere ;.hence ] his wife's discontent and a quarrel between the two, MadamePingletisopportunely called away to attend to a sick sister, and goes away, having first taken the precaution of locking her husband in his rooms, but Pinglet by the aid of a fire escape gets down into the street and carries . oil Mareelle to the theatre, fol lowed by a little supper in a cabinetparticulier. By an unhappy chance they choose the same hotel as that on which the architect has gone to report, and here the fun grows fast and furious. The unlucky Pinglet, in the wild spirit of unaccustomed dissipation, has smoked a .cigar, and the effect is disastrous. While he is seeking fresh air on the balcony and the waiter is bringing him a hot water bag the private supper-room is invaded by an old friend of Ringlet's named Mathieu, who, with .his four young daughters, fresh from the boarding- school, has come to the Hotel Maseotte in search of rooms. They in sist on stopping to have tea with the unhappy Maritelle, and when Pinglet returns his dismay may be imagined, while his frantic efforts to explain his presence convulse the audience. The architect does not fare much better for, having fortified himself with spirits at the bar, he thinks later on that, he sees the genuine article in the haunted chamber, mistaking for apparitions the If our fair daughters of Mathieu, who. are "playing at ghosts" and singing a mystic chant before retiring to rest in the most tasteful of sleeping- costumes. Finally the hotel is raided by the police as a gamblingden, and most of the characters are taken .off to the police-station, so that it re quires another very amusing act to straighten things out. As Pinglet Mr. Paulton is irresistibly droll, whether he is relating his sorrows as the hen pecked husband of a too substantial wife or developing falsehoods at the rate of knots an hour to account for his presence in all kinds of compromising situations. .Mrs. Edouin Bryer acts with her usual ability as his wife. Angeli que, and Miss Alma Stanley was bright and fascinating as Mareelle. In the hotel scene she admirably sustained the little Joseph and her distraction and repentance when troubles thickened were most amusingly rendered. Mr. Cyril Keightley gives rather a sketchy imperso nation of Paillard, and Mr. Oily Deering has never been seen to better effect than as . the good old provincial Mathieu, . who brings his four daughters up to: stay with his ""friends in Paris for , a month, and has exasperating fits of stuttering whenever the weather is wet. Mr. Hans Phillips was delightful as Maxime, the bashful young collegian, who studies Plato on " Love" and who gets much pleasanter lessons in the art from a roguish waiting-maid, charminsrly played by Miss Minna Phillips. The Misses Campion, More,"McRae, and Brasch look nice as the four escapees from boarding- school, and the waiters at the hotel (Boulot and Bastien) were well enacted by Messrs. Whelau and Cambourne; but why does Bastien, of all the characters " of the play, alone speak Frenchified English? The other characters were:—Langley (a fire-escape ' agent), Mr. George Bryer; Botticelli (an Italian teacher), Mr. J. Marshall; Bro chard (sergeant of police), Mr. W. J. Bere3 ford; Ernest (of the Comedy Theatre), Mr, Harry Brown; and Celeste, Miss Aggie Nelson. Although reminiscent at times of other comedies which have in former days been great favorites with the public, "A Night O.ut" has plenty of Original features, notably the character of Pinglet, which one might think had been written expressly for Mr. Paulton, so well does he fill it. Those who want to enjoy a hearty and wholesoihe laugh cannot do better than see the present company in "A Night Out.". 