THK DEAD LOVER. Tiu.* streets of the little mining town, with their steep sidewalks of lliglits of steps and in clined plains, were blight with lights and gay with people. There was to be an old folks con cert nb the ball, and the young people who were to participate, in their quaint costumes of brocade r.ud lace, had congregated, with much fun and laughter, in the parlour of the one hole!, awaiting the time when they were to make their entrance to the concert-room, tho men from one side and the women from the other, in the way of days gone by. Tho enter tninment was to close with a dance, the old folks bring in costume. The girls were flitting about the room, now pausing before the mirror to touch a powdered lock or to glance at a velvet train. Thu young men, looking at lirst rather self-conscious in their uor.coustoined clothes, the silk cents, rutiled shirts, and short breeches, joined tba mutual admiration society, and all was lively with jokes and Juughtcr and small rehearsals. A. prctly girl v.ith fluffy yellow hair and a white dress brocaded with silver was flitting about among the groups, inquiring— 44 Where's Tom ? IUve you seen Tom ? I do want to try our duet.” *• Lost Tom, Miss Amy ? ” laughed Hurry Hastings. 4* I declare you should take hotter care of your properly than that.” 14 How do you know he U my properly ?” 44 Oh, a little bird told me. Now see here ; if you’ll promise me the second waltz to-night I’ll go and look up the old fellow fur you. Sc u him since he dressed ? He ought to have lived in George Washington’s time, he looks so well in those clothes.” The girl blushed and promised, and Harry started tu his quest. There was some confu sion and quite a little crowd about a dooi farther down the hall, and as Hastings paused, 'Join McLaughlin caine from the room beyond. He was a very handsome young man, though his face now' looked white and sob-inn, *• I say, old boy, want’s the row ?” the other called. 44 You’re wauled by a certain lady. Why, you look ns if you had seen a ghost.” 44 I have seen a man die.” 11 Patterson ?” 44 Well, that’s rough. Consumption, wasn't “ Yes,” said Tom, briefly. He made a motion to go in the opposite direc tion from the parlour. Hastings detained him. 44 Amy wants you.” •' Tell her I’ll be there presently.” “ Well, don’t be loug ; we arc going over to the hall very soon.” Tom went up to his room. The scene he had just passed through had put him out of tune with the gay doings about him. He could still see tho set i-yes and quivering chin of tho man who hnd died, and he, too, was young. Wheu he went down to the parlour Amy was thtro rlonc, aud decidedly cross. 44 I think its too provoking of you, Tom ! ” she pouted, fluttering her silver aud white plumage. 14 They’re all gone over, and there isn’t time to try our duet. Where have you 44 With pour Patterson : he has just died.” 14 Oh, how dreadful ! Hut I don’t see what made you go a visiting sick folk on the night o! our concert,” she said p. ttishly. The young man looked at her in surprise. 44 Don't be cross, dear,” he said. 44 This thing .has about upset me.” He was fasleoing bet cloak, and she intide au impatient movement. /* I used to drop in lo see him every evening The poor fellow was a stranger here, and lone some. lie came for his health. K cheered him .up, be said, to hear what was going on, so to night 1 went in to let him see me in these things : I thought it might amuse him ; but 1 found him just going.” “ Fearful! But Tom, wo must hurry ; thcy‘11 be. waiting for us.” 44 One moment, Auiy, I want to ask you something. Tho poor fellow who died wu? expecting his girl to-night in the midnight train. 11c seul for her : think what a shock it will be to her when she comes ! Would you mind if 1 went up to the slatiou to meet her and try te am ke it a little easier ?” 44 Mind ! 1 guess I should ! Any girl would ! Why, it be just supper lime, and 1 don’t want to he IcL. without n partner.” “ I could get someone—” 14 1 don't want anybody but you. I don't behove that girl is much, coming here alone tc “ Would you not do it for me, Amy ?** * 44 Don’t go ashing horrid questions ! Mamma wouldn’t think of letting me.” ’ 44 This poor girl hasn’t auy relations. She works in an office, Pnttcrsou told me. II« thought everything of her. 1 don’t sec how ■you can help being sorry for her !” 44 Oh, I nm ! Now Tom, don’t he dis ■flgi enable !” pouting. “ Come, we must go !” Tom sighed, and they went out into tht snowy street. He could not feel in touch with the gaiety. He fouud himself continually thinking of that young life just gone, of the young girl journeying on in hopeto find despair. Something crept into bin tenor solo that night which made people say, 441 didn’t know Tom McLaughlin could singliko that : it fairly made Amy had recovered her good nature. She laughed and danced and flitted about like a Tom took her to supper and roused himself to join in tho gay talk. She thought he had fergettrn their little difference. In tho dusky ball, as they went back, she looked up at him with shining eyes. “ Tom,” she whispered, “ do you know you’re splendidly handsome to-night ?” For answer he took her in his arms and kissnl her, . ! *' Oh, you bear,” the laughed, crushed my dress.” A tall man was standing by the door as thej passed out. “ Hullo, Jake!” called Harry Hastings “ V»'hy ain’t you up at the station ? Going t< let the passengers walk down ?” “ Plenty of time ; train’s Into. Due at one* Tom heard. He took Amy into the hall, and her partner came to claim her ; then he hurried over to the hotel. “Jake,” ho said, “ Pm going with you.” He rsn up to his room, lore off his fancy into tii*5 office. The old man who watched the hf ;lsc \y:s wanning his hands at the stove. “ Como, Johnny,” ho said, putting some mcney into his hand, “ I want you to see that there is a goud tire in the parlour when the ’bus gets back. I’m going up to meet poor Patter son's girl. She is coruing to-night, and it is a cold ride down,” “ Poor girl ! Pure, I’ll do it, Mr. Tom.” Mr. McLaughlin opened the dining-room door. The tired waiters were clearing awa> the remains of the feast ; the diminished line of dinner pails on the corner table showed that the miners working on the night shaft had gone out. There was no sign uf the landlady. He shut the door. “ Mrs. Cornish anywhere about, Uncle Johnny ? ” he asked. “ Jisfc gone to her bed. She was after say ing she was that tired she couldn’t drag one fut behind the other.” “I shall have to tell that poor thing my self,” he thought, as he went out and climbed up beside Jake on the old ’bus for the mile’f, rido to the station. j The train came slowly through the deep cut, its two engines puffing. It stopped but aD •instant; the mails were thrown out and the pn«on;;crs uliVhl.i-d Two men and a lady. She was evidently alone, and looked about her nervously. McLaughlin went up to her. “ Excuse me,” he said, “ but is this Mis.« Abbott, Mr. Patterson’s friend ?** M Yes,” she said. •• My name is McLaughlin. I came to meet you,” he went on, possessing himself of her valise and helping her into the stage. By the light of thestationmaster’s window h« saw that she was tall, with a sweet, grave face * and luminous gray eyes. The rumbling and crunching of tho wheels through the stiff snow, and the presence of other strangers, made con versation difficult. The girl looked out over the snow at the dark houses which lined tho wiuding way down to tho town. The young man was planning bow to tell her. They drew up at the hotel; the light from the brilliant hall arro5S the way streamed out; strains of 0 waltz and the sound of dancing feet came faintly on the night air. Tom hoped that she iU uotnotjca them V*iclo Johnny had been true In his pronvae, and a fire burned brightly in the pat lour stow. Tom placed a chair for her in the pleasin' warmth, but she turned to him eagerly. “Tell mo about, him,” she said. “Is he “ Yes,** he answered, avoiding her eyes. He went on hurriedly, “ I am going to bring you something, end then you may question me.’ “Thank you,” she answered. “ I shall be glad of something. I have been so anxious to day that I could not eat, but now I am here 1 must save my strength for him.” Tom went out a suspicions lump filling hi* throat. He returned presently with a cup of tea and a tray of dainties, purloined with Uncle Johnny's help from the remains of th« ball supper. "When she had lunched she said— “I am so glad Henry is better. Is he on this Hoor ? I fancied from his short letters that he was very weak and muttering.” Tom went up to her and took her hand. “ My poor girl,” he said huskily, “ Henry will never suffer any more ; he is well.” Sin; grew very white aud turned away her htiad, but sbe did not cry. There was a long siiir.ee mid then she said in an altered voice— “ When ?” “ To-night at seven.” Another silence. Then a sound of footstep* approaching and a gay voice saying— “ I think 1 must have left ray scarf in here It is cold in the hall.” Amy entered, followed by Hurry Hastings. She gave one look nt Tom, bending over and bolding the hand of the white-faced stranger, then without a word turned and went out, fullowed by her cavalier, his lips puckered For a silent whistle. Miss Abbot did not appear to have noticed “ I must see him,” she said. “ Oh, not to-niyht ! It is late, and you are weary'. Wait until morning.” “ N'o,” sbe answered, “ now ; I must tell him I have come, though it. was too late.” Unable to move her. he brought a candle and they went through the silt nt halls to the room where her lover lay in all the silent majesty of death, Tom set down the light and uncovered the still form. “ I’ll wait outside.” he whispered. After sume time she joined him, her face now strained with tears. “ 1 will go to my rocr.1 now.’- she said. “ Oh, Mr. McLaughlin, how shall I thank you for your kindness to him and to me ?" Wli*>n Tom went buck to the hall-room Amy was waltzing. He watched the lithe young figure, the flying feet, the white and silver gown. There was a colour in the small face ami a mutinous expression about the mouth which told him ho would find it hard to make When she was seated he went to her, but she did not appear to sec him until he spoke. “ Oh, it is you, Mr. McLaughlin ! Have ><» left your fricud ?” “ My darling, letino explnin.” “ I don’t want to hear.” Hurriedly slipping off her engagement ring, she gave it to him. “ There ! When you take her hand again, slip that on ; she will be glad of a new lover.” The men’s face turned very' white. “ Do you mean it, Amy r” he said. " Yes.” * She gave a hard little laugh and beckoned with her fan. Hastings came up. “ Harry,” she said, sweetly, “ I’m so tired ; won’t you take me home ?” Tom looked at the tiny ring lying in his hand ; its diamond dashed up at him brightly ; then he thought of the clear grey eyes of that other girl who, had lie hut known, was to make the happiness of his life. 