A GHOST STORY IN THE BERESFORD FAMILY. THE CURIOUS COMPACT. what oame of it. in me monui or uctober, 1693, sir Tris tram and Lady ltercsford went on a Visit to her Bister, Lady Macgill, at Gill Hall, now the seat of Lord Ctanwlllhun, whwc grandmother was eventually the heiress of Sir J. Macglli's property. One morning Sir Tristram rose early, leav ing Lady Bercsfonl asleep, and went out for a walk before breakfast. When hrls wife Joined the table very late, her appearance and the eifibaxransment of her manner attracted general attention, especially that of her husband. He made anxious inquiries as to her health, and asked l>er apart what had occurred to her wrist, which was tied up with black ribbon tightly bound round it. She earnestly entreated htm not to inquire more then, or hereafter, as to the cause of her wearing or continuing afterw:ards to wear that ribbon, "for," she added, "you will never see me without It." He replied: "Since you urge It so vehement ly, I promise you not to Inquire more about It." After completing her hurried break- fust, she made anxious Inquiries as to whether the jiost hod yet arrived. It had not yet come In, and Sir Tristram asked : "Why ore you so particularly eager about letters to-day?" "Because I expect to hear of Lord Tyrone's death, which took place on Tuesday." "Well," remarked Sir Tristram. "I never should hnve put you down for a superstitious person ; but I suppose that some Idle dream has disturbed you." Shortly after, the servant brought In the letters. Ono was saetcd with black wax. "It is as 1 ex pected," she cried; "ho is dead!" The letter was from Lord Tyrone's steward, to inform them that his master had died in Dublin, on Tuesday, 14th Octo ber, at 4 p.m. Sir Tristram endeavored to console her, and begged her to re strain her grief, when she assured him that she felt relieved and cosier now that she knew the actual face. She added: "I can now give you a most satisfactory piece of intelligence, . viz., that I dm with child/ and that It will be a boy." A son was born In the fol lowing July, Sir Trtetram survived Its birth little more than six years. After his death Lady Berosford con tinued to reside with her young family at his place tn the county of Derry and seldom went from home.- She hardly mingled wlttt any neighbors or friends, excepting with Mr nnd Mrs Jackson, of Coleralne. He was the principal per sonage tn that town, and was, by his mother, a near relative' to Sir Tristram. IBs wife was the daughter of Robert Gorges. LL.D. (a gentleman of good old English family, and possessed a con siderable estate in the county Meath), by Jane Loftus, daughter,1 of Sir Adam Loftus, of Rathfarnham, and sister of Lord Llaburne. They had an' only son, Hlchnnl Gorges, who was in the army, and became a General Officer very early in life. With the Jacksons Lady Beres- ford maintained a conotunt communica tion, and lived on the most intimate terms, while she seemed determined to eschew all other society and to remain In her chosen retirement At the conclusion of three years thus passed, one luckless. day "Young Gorges" most vehemently professed ills passion for her, and solicited tier hand, urging ills suit in a most passionate appeul, which was evidently not displeasing to the fair widow, and which, unfortunate ly for her, was successful. They were married In 1704. Onl son and two daughters were bom to them, when his abandoned and dissolute conduct forced her to seek and obtain a separation. After this had been continued for four y6ars, General Gorgon pretended ex treme penitence for his past misdeeds, and with the most solemn promises of amendment Induced his wife to live with him again, and shu became the mother of a second sou. The day month after her confinement happened to be her birthday, nnd having recovered, and feeling herself equal to some exertion, she sent for her son, Kir Marcus Bcres- /fond. then twenty years old, and her married daughter. Lady Riverstone. She also Invited Dr King, the Archbishop of Dublln'(who was an intimate friend) and un old clergyman who had christened her, and who had always kept up a most kindly Intercourse with her during her whole life, to make up a small party to celebrate tlio dny. . In the early part of It Lady Bercsfonl was engaged In a kindly conversation with her old friend the clergyman, and in the course of it said : VYou know that 1 am forty-eight this day?" "No, '.in deed, 'V he replied, "you are only forty- seven, for your mother, hail a dispute with me once on the very subject of your age, and I in consequence sent and con sulted Hie Registry, and can most con fidently ussert that you nro only forty- seven tills dny." "You have signed my death-warrant, then," she cried; "leave me, 1 pray, for 1 have not much longer to live, hut have many things of import ance to settle before r die. Send my soii nnd daughter to mcJmmedliitely." The clergyman did ns he was bidden. He directed Kir Marcus and his sister to go Instumly to their mother; and hesent to the Archbishop and -a few other friends to put them off from Joining the birth day party. When her two children repaired to, Lady Dorcsford, she thusaddrcKscd them: "I have somuthlhg of deep Importance to communicate to you, my dear children, before 1 die- You are no strangers to the intimacy ami affection which sub sisted in-early life between Lord Tyrone and myself. We were educated togeth? er when young, under the same roof, In the pernicious principles of Delspj. Our real friends afterwards took every op- (toriunity to convince us of our error, but their arguments. were Insufficient to overpower and uproot our Infidelity, though ihcy had the effect of shaking our confidence in it, :ind leaving us wav ering between the two opinions. In this perplexing state of doubt we made a solemn promise one to the other, that whichever died first, should, if permit ted, appear to the other for the purpose of declaring what religion was tho one acceptable to the Almighty. "One nlglit.yenrs after this Interchange of promises, I was sleeping with your father at Gill Hall, when T suddenly awoke and discovered Lord Tyrone sit ting visibly by the side of the bed. I screamed out, and vainly endeavored to rouse Sir Trlstam. 'Tell me,' I said, 'l/Mil Tyrone, why and wherefore are you here at this time of the night? 'Have you. then, forgotten our promise to each other, pledged. In early life? I died on Tuesday, at "four o'clock. I have been permitted thus to appear In order to assure you that the revealed religion is the true and only one hy which we can be saved. ' I am also suf fered to Inform you that you aro with child, dnd will produce a son who will marry my heiress; .that Sir Tristram will not live long; -when you / will marry again, and you will die from the effects of childbirth In your forty-seventh year.' I begged from him some convincing sign or proof, no that when the morning came I might rely upon It, and feel satisfied that his appearance had been real, and that tt was not the phantom of my Im agination. He cause! the hangings of the bed to be drawn tn an unusual way and Impossible manner through on iron hook. I stUl was not satisfied, when he wrote his signature In my pocket-hook. I wanted, however, more substantial proof of his visit; when he laid his hand, which was cold as marble, on my wrist: the sinews shrank up, the nerves withered at the touch. 'Now,' he said, 'let no mortal eye, while you live, ever see that wrist!' and vanished. While I was conversing with him my thoughts were calm, Ifit as soon as he disappeared 1 felt chilled with horror and dismay, a cold sweat came over me. and I again endeavored, but vainly, to awaken Sir Tristram; a flood of tears came to my relief, and I fell asleep, in the morning your father got up without dlslrublng ine; he lind not noticed any thing extraordinary about me or the bed-hangings. "When I did arise, I found a long broom In the gallery out side the bedroom door, and with great difficulty I unhooked the curtain, fearing that the position of It might.cxclte sur prise and cause inquiry. I bound up my wrist with black ribbon before I went down to breakfast, where the agitation of rny mind was too visible not to at tract attention . . . When I am gope, I wish that you, my children, should un bind this black ribbon, nnd alone be hold my wrist before I am consigned to the grave." She then requested to be left, that she might lie down and com- jKMtc herself, and her children quitted the apartment, having desired her at tendant to watch her, and If any change came on to summons them to her bed side. In an hour the bell rang and tbey hastened to the call; but all was over. The two children having ordered every one to retire, knelt down hy the side of the bed, when Lady Rlveraton unbound the black ribbon, and found the wrist ex actly as Lady Beresford had described It—every nerve withered, every sinew shrunk. Her friend the Archbishop had her buried to the cathedral of St. Patrick, In Dublin, In the Earl of Cork's tomb, where she now lies.— Condensed by "Public Opinion" from an article In the "Genealogical Magazine." 