A WOMDHFUL WOMAN ; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. %- By MRS MAY XGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XXVII > -(Continued'.) "I confess it'- all," Mrs Vara so v be gan.; "I don't know how you have found it out, but it is true, every word. I did change the children. I hated the Coun- tess of Ruysland; but for her I should have been Lionel Cardonnell's wife. I married John liar in an, but I despised him. /Poor, weak fool, I was glad when he died. She gave me money, she gave me presents, and I took them all, and hated her more every day. She wasn't happy with her husband — that was some comfort. She was jealous— she had a .furious temper. Katherine inherited it, you may remember." She shivered as she pronounced the name. . "My baby was a month old the night she ran away from the earl in a fit of fury and came to me. That night her baby was born — a girl, too. Next morn ing she was dead. She died in my arms, in my poor cottage, without husband or friend near her. That would have satis- tied. most women — -it didn't satisfy me, Thoy came and took her away. . The earl told me- to keep and nurse the child — who . -so fit as I? I don't believe he ever looked at it. He didn't 'care much for his wife, but the manner of her death was a shock, and a scandal. They buried her, and he went away. "I went to live in a village some thirty miiles away. I took no especial care of either of them, but they grew iand thrived in spite of that. My daughter had brown eyes and flaxen hair, and was small and delicate-looking — much the prettier of the two. The earl's daughter had grey eyes and brown hair, and was large for a child of two years. She had fter mother's temper and her mother's will; mine was one of the gentlest crea tures that ever was born. I called the earl's daughter katherine; I c-allcd mine Cecil, as Lord Ruysland had desired nis daughter to be named. I was well paid, but I grew tried to death of taking care of them and vegetating in a stupid vil lage. I wrote to Lord Ruysland to come for his child. , "He came, and I gave him mine. I. did not let Mm see the other at all. I told him my little- girl was ailing, and he took ..the other away totally --. unsuspecting. " Then I sold off everything and went to ' Prance, taking little Kathie with me. The collision in which I was badly hurf followed; the child escaped. In the hos pital Colonel Dangerfield came to see me. He thought I was poor, and I did not un deceive him. His only daughter had been ' instantly killed. He offered to adopt little Kathie in her stead, and I closed with the offer at once. I never saw her again until, under the name of Mrs Vava sor, I came to Scarswood Park, and met her as Sir John's heiress. "I solemnly swear that the young girl who was known as Katherine Danger- field was, in reality, the Lady Cecil Clive, only child of the Earl and Countess of Ruysland. The person who now bears \- .Jjrat title is my daughter, christened Katherine Harridan.. I will swear this in any court of law. I changed them out of .'revenge upon the late Lady Ruys land. (Signed) "HARRIET HARMAN." The wretched woman wrote her name; ol€ Hannah and Henry Otis affixed theirs as witnesses. He folded up the docu ment, . superscribed it "Confession of Harriet Harman," and plaed it in his breast pocket. She sat watching every motion with terrified eyes. "What are you going to do with it?" she asked, eagerly.- "I am going to place it in the hands of Lord Ruysland between this and to-mor- ' row night. The rank and name your daughter has usurped for two-and- twenty years shall be taken from her be fore the expiration of f-our-and-tvventy hours" "It was no fault of hers," the guilty woman said, with trembling lips. "Take me away from this horrible house— now, at once. Do anything you as he was turning away. "Not to-night," he answered coldly. "It is impossible. You would make your escape, and that I can't allow. Six years ago you had your- day— this ' is mine. The mercy you showed Kathe rine Dangerfield then shall be meted out to you now. Don't be afraid — you shall not be left alone. You shall have a light. Hannah, take her up to the room prepar ed for her, and remain with her all night." He took her hand and led her into an other room, and gave her the paper. "The world shall know you as you are at last," he said — "shall give you the name you should have borne from your birth. Let me be the first to call you by it." .He lifted her hand to his lips. "Lady Cecil Clive." CHAPTER XXVIII.— HUNTED DOWN. It was very early on the morning of the ensuing day— so early -that the rosy spears of sunrise were but just glancing through the tall firs and waving brake around Bracken Hollow — when a loud, authoritative knock aroused the inmates of the lonely old house from their slum bers. In five minutes old Hannah was up and dressed, and in the room of her young mistress. Katherine (let us call her by the oldna me) had sprung from her bed also as that authoritative knock resounded through the house. "It must be Henry Otis — it can be no one else at this hour. Go, open the dcor, Han noli, and let them in, whoever they may be." Hannah went. She flung open the <loor, a.nd stood confronted by a tall man, with a dark, handsome, stern-look ing face, and a.n unmistakably military air. "I wish to see Miss Herncastle," this gentleman began, with perfect abrupt ness; "I know that she is here." "Who are you, sir?" old Hannah de manded, with equal sternness; "and by what right do you come at such a time of morning as this, routing decent folks -out. of their beds?" "My name is O'Donnell. I .am -Miss Herncas:le's friend, and I have come to do her a service; while there is yet time-. Before two- hours it may be too late. Give her this, I entreat you, and tell her I must see her." "Yes, Hannah, give it to me. I'm not afraid of Captain O'Donnell. Let me see what he has to say." It was Katherine herself — in slippers and dressing gown — her brown hair un done, rippling in the old girlish way over her shoulders. In that white negligee, with hair unbound, and its natural col or, she looked/with the rose-flush- of the August sunrise upon her, younger, fair er, fresher, than he had -ever seen her before. She took no notice of him. She took the - card from Hannah gravely— and gravely examined it. Beneath his. name in pencil was written — "I know that you are here. I come as your friend. If you have any regard for yourself you will see me at once." She looked up and held out her hand to him, with a smile— a smile that had something of the old brightness, the old eau.cy defiance of Katherine Dangerfield. "Good morning, Captain O'Donnell. 377 My friends are so few and far between ' at present, that it would be a thousand pities to refuse an audience to one of them. But you my friend ! Isn't that- rather a new role for the gallant captain of chasseurs?" She led the way' into the hare looking apartment, where last night Harriet Harman had made her confession, and pointed to a chair. There was a grace, a triumph about her he had never seen before — the whole expression of her face was changed. Where was the sad, sombre face of Miss Hemoastle now? A sort of proud triumph lit all the face be fore him. He accepted the/' chair only to lean across its wooden back and look at her.. She stood where the golden sunshine fell .fullest upon her — her tall form looking taller and more classic than ever in her trailing white robe, a crimson cord for her girdle. The brown hair was swept off forehead and temples, showing the scar on the left plainly, and adding io the nobility of her face. The black had- been washed from the eyebrows — alto gether she was .changed almost out of knowledge. /'Will Captain. O'Donnell — my friend — who has hunted me down from first to last — speak? What is it that has taken you out of your bed at this uncivilised hour and brought you to Bracken Hol low and me?" The -ringing tone of her voice, the meaning sparkie of her eye and smile confounded him. "To warn you for the last time." "For the last time — to warn me of what?" "That, all is known — all." "What does all comprise? May I ask you to explain?" "That the death and burial of Kath erine Dangerfield was a fraud,- and Miss Herncastle and Katherine Dangerfield a.re one and the same. I am acting on no suspicion— I rarely act on that.. I am acting on certainty. I knew the grave in Castleford churchyard to be a fraud — the tombstone lying even more than tombstones usually lie. I knew that grave held an empty coffin." 'Clay I ask how-?" "In the simplest manner possible. I employed a man accustomed to such dreadful work, and opened the grave. We raised the coffin, opened that, and found, as I told you— nothing." . - She sat and looked at him — wonder not unmixed with a species of amusement and admiration, in her face. "And yet you call yourself my friend! Captain O'Donnell, you are an extraor dinary man." "No; I don't see it," he answered coolly. "It wasn't anything very ex traordinary. From the hour I discover ed your identity with the New York ac tress my suspicions were aroused. You bad never given up the stage and buried yourself alive at Scarswood in the capa city of governess without some powerful latent motive. That motive, I confess, I felt curious to discover. Then you made love to Sir Arthur Tregenna— I beg your pardon, permitted him to fall in io-ve with you." Katherine smiled once more. "As Sir Arthur had long before been signed, sealed, and delivered over to Lady Cecil Clive, and he seemed powerless to help himself, I felt called upon to help him. Pie is my friend, you know, so als-o is his affianced wife. Then you played ghost — oh, yes, you did — and frightened Sir Peter to the verge of in sanity. Altogether you were too d!an- grons a sort of person t-o be allowed to go on without a short pull up from some one." Again his listener smiled as she recall ed Sir Peter's ghastly face of fright. "Captain O'Donnell, I cannot under stand why you should take the trouble to come" here and say this. Why should you endeavor to save a, woman you hold in aversion and contempt — a woman, in short, whom you hate?" "Whom I hate!" he repeated, quietly. "Since when have I told you I hated you? I have heard Katherine Dangerfield's story— a strange, sad story— and I be lieve her, even in this hour, to be more sinned against than sinning. I believe a great and generous nature has been warped. Katherine Dangerfield, I pity you — from my soul I do — and with my whole heart I stand before y-ou, your friend. It is not too late 3'et ; pause, . while there is yet time, on the road you are treading, and go back." There was no mistaking his earnest ness, the generous glow of his face, the friendly warmth of his tone. She had turned away from him and was looking out at the golden morning sky. "Go back!" -she repeated, bitterly. "Is there ever any going back in this world? Six years ago I might have listened; to day it is too late." She covered her face with her hands, her breast heaving, the color burning in her face, moved to the very depth of. her soul with a passion of which he did not dream. "Come, Katherine — you have fought long and well, and nothing has come of it. Give it up, and for ever." Pier hands dropped from her face; some thing in the last words seemed to rouse her. She looked at him steadily. "And nothing has come of it?" she re peated. "That is your mistake, Captain O'Donnell. Something has come of it. I wonder what you would say if I told you —what?" "Tell me, and see." "I confess," she went on, "to all laid to my charge. I am Katherine Danger- field; I have been buried and risen from the dead, and with that resurrection my nature seemed to change. I have brood ed on one subject — my wrongs — until I believe my brain has turned. I fled from the house of my true and loyal friend, Henry Otis, and went to America. I be came the New York actress you so clev erly recognised. From New York I wrote to Mr Otis. I told him if Gaston Dantree died to bury him decently — if he lived, to furnish him with money to quit England. Unhappily he died, but not for more than a year after receiving his injuries. All those years I remained in New York I -.worked hard in my profes- 1 sion, and rose. I made money, and I hoarded it like a miser. Day and night, stronger and- stronger with eacfi year, grew the determination to return, to keep my vow. I tell you I believe there were times when I was insane on this subject. Death alone could have held me back. I waited patiently, while burning with impatience; I worked, I hoarded, and at last my day came. I returned to Eng land; I made my way into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield; my revenge had begun. "I had a double motive in returning one, my vengeance on him; the other, to discover my parentage. I had a clue; and, strange to say, in working out one, I was working out the other. You know what followed— I played ghost, and terri fied the master of Scarswood, as I think he was never terrified before. I owe you ho grudge; you were doing your duty, and I honor you for it. For Sir Arthur, you need not have been so much afraid; it was a triumph to take him from Lady Cecil — to anger Lady Danger- field; but, bad as I am, I don't think I ever' was base enough to . marry him, even if he had asked me. He had never wronged me. and I only waged war with those who did." "You waged war with Lady Cecil Clive in 'taking her lover from her, and she ! certainly never wronged you. She was your friend through all." The hard look came over her face once more, a hard light in her eyes. "Was she ? In 'your eyes, of course, Lady Cecil ean do no evil. But what if I told you she had done me the deepest, the deadliest wrong of all!" He looked at her in »urprise. "I don't understand," he said, a little coldly. "I believe Lady Cecil to be in capable of wilfully wronging anyone, and she always spoke gently of you." She leaned her forehead on her hands, and pushed back her hair with a long, tired sigh. "Oh, Heaven, I want to do right! My life has been bitter, bitter, bitter,, and I feel as though I were steeped in crime to the lips. If I could only die and end it 11! But death passes the guilty, and miserable by, and takes the happy and the good." Her folded arms were lying on the table; her head feM forward ori them, as though she never cared to lift it again. O'Donnell took both her hands in his, j a compassion such as he had never felt for any human being before stirring his heart. "What am I that I should judge ? There is nothing but pity for you in my heart — nothing. Give up this dark and dangerous Ife, and be true to yourself — to the noble nature Kc-aven has given you — once more." ; She roscp up, her hands still in his, a sort of inspiration shining in her. f-ace. | "I will," she answered. "You/whom I thought my enemy, shall save me. I renounce it — the plotting — the evil — the revenge — and for your sake, for the love you bear her, I will spare her." He looked at her in mute inquiry. She smiled, drew away her hands, and re sumed her seat. "You do not understand. ' See here, Captain O'Donnell: I told you, did I not, my second object in returning to Eng land was to .discover my parentage? Well, I have discovered it." "You have?" he cried, breathlessly. "J. have discovered it. My father lives, and the daughter . of my - nuree occupies my place in his heart, the name I should boar. It's a very old story — changed at nurse — and that nurse has- confessed all." "You have done this? Then I con gratulate you, indeed! You will go to your father at once, of course? No one, believe me," can rejoice at this more sin cerely -than I." "You mistake— I shall never go! This morning I had intended — but that is all past now. If I renounce my revenge and wrong-doing in one way, I renounce it in all. I never understood half mea sure's." ' "But there is no wrong-doing here— it is right, it is your duty to go." She smiled. "1 wonder if this would be your advice if — if, for example only — my. father were the Earl of Ruysland. I name him, you understand, as the first I think of." "I should tell you still to go. Right is right. Though the Earl of Ruyslan'd were your father, though Lady Cecil had usurped your place, I should still say, go— tell the truth, be the cost what it may." "You, who love Lady Cecil, give me this advice? Captain O'Donnell, you don't love her." "I love her so well that I leave her; I love her so well that if the thing you speak of were "possible, I would be the first to go and tell her. Once again — in the face of all that may follow — I re peat, go! Tell the truth, take the place and name that are yours, and let me help you if I can.'" "You love her so well that you leave her," she repeated, dreamily. Then she crossed the room without a word, lit a candle, and placed it on the table be fore him. He watched her in silent sur prise. She drew from her pocket a folded paper, and handed it to him. "You have done greater service than you dream of in coming here," she said. "Do one- last .favor. I want this paper destroyed. I have a whimsical fancy to see, you do it. Hold it to the candle and let it burn." Pie took it doubtfully. He read the superscription — "Confession of Harriet Harman," and hesitated. "I don't know — why should I? Why is this?" "No-thing that concerns any one on earth but rriyself. You will be doing a good deed, I believe, in destroying it. Let me see you burn it. I can do it, of course; but. as I said. I have a fancy that yours should be the hand to destroy it. Burn it, Captain O'Donnell." Still wondering — still doubting — he obeyed: held the paper in the flame of the candle until it dropped in -a charred cloud on »the table. Then she held out her hand to him with a brave, bright smile. "Once- more I thank you. You have done me a great service. You have saved me from myself. When do you leave?" ' "To-day; but if I can aid you in -any way— if I can take you to your father "You are ready to do it, I know; but I have not quite made up my mind about that yet. It is not a thing to be done In a hurry. Let us say good-bye, and part for the present." Pie stood and looked at her doubtfully. Pie felt vaguely that never bad he been farther from understanding her than at this moment. "Farewell, Captain O'Donnell, my friend," she said, softly. There was a lingering tenderness in her voice, in her eyes, that might have told him her' secret. But men are totally blind sometimes. He saw nothing. "Not farewell," he said; "but au revoir." She went with him to the door. She watched him with wistful eyes out of sight. "Farewell," she murmured — "farewell for ever. If Henry Otis had been to me six- years ago what you are I had been saved." When Captain O'Donnell had left Bracken Hollow, she took pen and paper and wrote the following .note to Mr Otis, which subsequently Hannah was in structed to give to that gentleman when he came over from Castleford : "Henry — my Brother,— You will be surprised — pained, angered, it may be — when I tek you I am going, and coming back no more. I give it all up — all the plotting, the weary, wicked, endless scheming that -brought revenge, per haps, but never happiness — and the con fession is burned ! They shall never know— neither my father nor she who lias/ taken my place unwittingly — shall ever be rendered miserable by the truth. I can remember now that she, at least, was ever gentle and sweet to me. If I told them to-morrow, I could not, would not, take her place. My father would never care for me — would look upon me as a shame and disgrace. Let it go with all the rest ! "Captain O'Donnell has proved . him self my friend. For Ms sake I renounce my cherished vengeance. Let the miserable woman we have lured here go. Do not follow me. When happier days arrive I will come to you. Do not fear for me. I shall not return to the stage — I shall live honestly and uprightly for the time that is t.o come, Heaven helping me. "Henify — my best friend, my dear brother — farewell ! I have been a trouble, a distress to you. from the first. This last flight will trouble and distress" you most of all; but it is for the best — the rest never were. Farewell ! "KATHERINE." (To be Continued.) 