r ST.-- PAltlCk'S \cMEDRkL.;' BRIEF • HISTORY; ••> /'" ; & ■ :?;'V;THB'OPENING CEREMPNY.: • ::Vv i ' . •-=« . • [Bt wjjuk-—[from fodr jcqrr^ponpf^nt.^i1. w ' " '--7: "" melbourne, '31st'October.'.'" "Ari; eveptof a, very impdrtaht/chajaqtefj.'. especially |to the' Qathplics of "Victoria;, . was consummated .with gresjit pomp and cgrejiipriy, .Ke^e, to-day,, when: St. Patrick's Cathedral ""oh Eastern ;^in . w^s\ conspcrtiWd.. It ik. 1;he grandest sacrodv' e^ificei in this part .of. the • world's' and Iriow',' that it has been' completed, excepting fjhb tbwers.arid spires,'it is a wpvk that can be looked upon-, with pride by those who-have Ijebn contributdrs'tq its' erection. '* \ No" religious^ ;.bpdyV has . had afooting in - .this- colony " fo'r: a great period,, ' and the location of the Roman Catholic Church is a mattbr of only about - GO. years, - the first priestj the. Rev. P..B. Geoghegari, arriving in 183? anq establishing a email chiirch at the cornei" of fc.liza be th-street, and .Little (Jollins-, Street.In! a. few years headquarters, were re moved to the ,'site.on ,ivhich the nb\y old church. of . St. Francis stands,' at tlie; lMerse'ctio.h of. Elizabeth and Lonsdale.,streets. Very..little time'was" lost in erecting a -bishopric here, and. though Hthj^, population w.as very/small .Dr. Goolu. was jsent out as "first*.bishop in 1848.. Prior to tftatr. the friends of the church had loofcedTdut for a good church, site in the eastern portion of the city or what, was to.be the city, and had;applied foi; two'acres on Eastern Hill, by far the best si'e-in ' Melbourne. There was considerable.oppositioh for various reasons, but eventuallythe site was granted, and in 1850 Dr. Goold laid the foundation stone of the first building which was to be a mueli'more modest edifice thari that which crowns the hill.- With the.: outbreak of the goldfields . the . popu lation of iMelbourne and . the colony went up -by leaps and bounds, and it was de cided to i pull down a portion of the bluestone building commenced, which had been used for forue years, and go on with a more pretentious structure in the same material, and taking in t(io lower portion of the old buudmp. It was then the year 1S57, and Mr. W. \V. Wardell, who has had a wide reputation in Australia as an architect, was asked to design the new building. It was to be Gothic, and with the conditions attached to the work lie was forced to use the dark bluestone instead of a lighter material. This was not to his taste, but it may be doubted whether the effect of the building would ho,ve been heightened had the color of theistone been different. Money came in fast at first, and then there were periods of depression,; when funds were not so flowing, and when work sometimes was at a standstill. But under the advocacy of Bishop Goold and Dean Fitzpatrick the building grew with the' months and years. At the time of his death the dean had paid to the contractors £150,000, a considerable amount of which, it is stated, came from ithe : pockets of the clergy, and the walls had been.completed.. Archbishop Carr< when he icame upon the ■ scene, : urged his flock ( to raise another . £30,000, to put ; all things, in order; and contributions came in freely, but the land boom intervened ' before the required amount :was reached,-and in the getting ;of the last £20,000 the: ladies with their. fancy fair had to come upon the scene. . The design. is now complete exeept-the tjhree towers'and spires. . One tower is sufficiently ccmplete to hold'a peal of bells,, and in time the other, two will .each have its peal. ' The technical description of the cathedral is that it is in; style decorated Gothic, and of the usual cruciform shape looking down at it. The design has a central tower and spire at the point of intersection, and smaller towers-and} spires flanking the nave at the western end.-; The dimensions are stated as follows :—Nave, sanctuary and lodge chapel, internal length, 320 feet; nave and aisles and transepts and aisles, internal width each, 76 feet; transepts, internal length, 162 feet; height of main, roofs to bridges, 98 feet; height of western ;towers and spires (to' be) 203 feet; height of central tower and spires (to be) 260 feet. Internally the building is most elaborate. The doors of the cathedral, admitting to the various sections of the building, holders of virions colored cards, were opened at 10 a.m., but long before that hour crowds liad gathered in the churchyard and street. Eleven o'clock was the time fcr starting the ceremony of the public opening. Over 4,200 persons were inside the noble building. ' The Governor and party were the last to arrive, and;the congregation then rose. The ceremony commenced with the procession from the ;pal<icc across the grounds into the- cathedral, a portion entering by the door nearest the palabe; ;iind the remainder by the principal, entrance. They were received with a burst of music from a choir of 250 voices, who sang the " Ecce Sacerdos." The procession was most impressive, and in cluded Cardinal" Moran, associated with the archbishopk of Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane and Wellington, thirteen bishops of the differ ent diocese; (including Ballarat., Bendigo, Sale), 200 parish priests and members of the Passionist, Carmelite,! Yincentian and Redemptdrist Orders, the Society of Jesus, and the Knights of St.. Gregory. The - episcopal' insignia dis played included'the crozier of the staff, 'sur mounted by the' cross borne by the cardinal, and the initre, a'crown or pontifical ornament denoting the office of archbishop. At the altar, positions were taken by the celebrant, Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale, Pontifi cal'High Priest; assistant priest, the Rev. W. Quilter ; deacon^ the Very Rev. M. Carey. Standing on the right of the bishop celebrant was the sub-deacon," the Rev. G. A. Robinson, B.A., on the - lpft the first .master of cere monies, the Rev. J. Carroll, and the second master of ceremonies, the Rev. D. Murphy. At the throne -were the cardinal and the assistant deacons. An route, to the high altar were -passed the side chapels of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, the Lady's - Chapel, St. Joseph, St. Bridget, the Mortuary and the Children's Chapel. The celebrant bishop was vested v,-ith the various vestments and insignia connected wit-h' the crucifixion. The sacrifice was Pontifical High Mass, to which the term of "Coram Ciirdiriale" was added, indicating that the mass was said in the presence of the cardinal. The ordinary mass was commenced accord ing to regular'rule by the celebrant standing at the foot of the altar pronouncing in Latin "In the name of' the -Father and of the Son and of the H6ly Ghost. :Amen." • ■ • The ceremony, which took two hours and a half altogether, was veiy impressive. . Amongst the guests invited were tiie Governor and suite, members of' the Ministry, the two Houses of Parliament, the civic authorities and judges of the Supreme Court and County Court.. ■ The sermon, -a very powerful one,-was de li vered by Cardinal Moran from tfieffirst and hist verses of the 67th Psalm—".Let God arise and let Ilis enemies be scattered, and let them that hate Him flee from before His face. God is wonderful in His Saints. The God of Israel-is He who will give power and strength to His people. Blessed be God." The . musical part was under-the baton of Herr Steinmetz. The choir of 120 voices, with an orchestra of 25 performers, rendered Beethoven's Mass in C, Madame Boema, Miss M. A Godwin, Mr. R. Foley and Herr Rudolph Himmer being the soloists. Mr. Charles >S vises presided at the organ. 