POJTUJA5. P4>3^'H’S. Mr Craven! Telegraph office at Cud gewa! Election soon ! The Ago has a list of electorates and candidates mentioned as probable “goers” lor the general olection. Respecting Benambra it observes :—Mr Craven (Oppositionist) is so far without a declarod adversary, although there is a prospect of Mr T. Marlin standing against him ns a Government supporter, if Mr Martin does not contest Wnngaratta. Six past presidents of the Trades Hall Council arc in the Assembly. Thero was a seventh (Winter), but ho died sometime back. Seemingly the Council is a stepping stone to political place and pay. Max Hirach, the economist and apostlo of land value taxation, lias broken down and is now spending a short holiday in Queensland recruiting. He is expected back in good form for the elections. If Parliament cannot confor the boon of one man one vote upon us it will at least give the inestimable blessing of one man one dog, and Salmon’s bill bestowing it is getting along nicely. Under its provisions every householder will be allowed keep one dog free of tax, and so in i m are will not bo compelled to send the animal on a visit to its country relations when Mr Hall and his colleagues are making their annual calls. ° Both houses were engaged on n hundred and one different matters last week, finishing up with a count out in the Assembly after tea on Friday night. So far, very little interest has been taken in tko session’s work. Longmoro’s motion to burst up the big estates, which had been on the business paper for a blue moon, was at last reached and after ho bad had his little say was rejected by S7 to 1G, nobody else Bpeaking to it. Early in his speech Longmoro pro phetically compared himself to the voice of one crying in the wilderness. On tho whole he made a fair attack on the ovils of land monopoly. Both Houses are being inundated with petitions from tho tabernacles and iittle Bethels of Victoria, asking that tho name of Cud shall be worked into tho Federation Bill Uy hook or by crook. A paper, which being published at St. Hilda ought to know, says that Premier Turner’s ordinary state title will be the Bight Hon. Sir George Turner, P.C., K.G.M.G., M.L.A., LL.D. Now suppose, says the Otneo Standard, P. H. G. P. S. Conant gots into Parlia ment, and he and Turner have a lot to say during every sitting—as is sure to bo the case—what a lively time Hansard reporters will have taking down such alphabets of capital letters ! Happy thought. As a means of raising revenue why not have a progressive tax on initials and titles ? On the principle of Salmon’s dog bill allow every man one initial free of charge; tax him on extra Frank Madden scored distinctly when Longmore’s proposal to put a half-crown protective duty on each ton of imported coal was under discussion. It was stated that Jumbunna coal was as good as that of Newcastle and cheaper in price. “ What is the need of protecting it then?” queried Madden. And tho question not being answered tho motion was lost. Upper House Melville opposos tho Insolvency Amendment Bill on the ground that it is more Ti accord with the ideas of 100 years ago than those of to-day, and treats every unfortunate as a scoun drel. Melville is undoubtedly the radical of tho Council—almost an iconoclast at times —and hardly runs in harness with the Clarkes, father ami son, \tiu> have re presented with him the same constituency. I’oraisteutly rumored in Melbourne that Attorney-General Isaacs will take the position on the Supreme Court bench which Sir Hartley Williams is about to resign. But it all depends what Turner does when ho comes back, and if there is a ghost of a chance of getting the premier ship I.A.I. will think more of political glory than the comfort and obscurity of the bench. The opposition is hopelessly demoralised and misses even MTntyre’s weak leader ship. M’lienzie is Uie man for tho posi tion, but his defective vision handicaps It is a littlo curious that M’Kenzio and Trenwitli, the two men in tho Assembly whose sight is so bad that they are almost blind, slionld be such capable debaters and tactful parliamentarians—equal to any in the House and bettor than most. But for the physical failing both would have taken high political office before, and ouo or the other is a certainty in tho noxt Ministry. Which one depends on the fate of Turner aud his colleagues at tho polls in October. Amusing to see sporting members— who would rather go to a cock fight than church on Sunday—presenting petitions “ from certain members and adherents of such and such a church,” or from a band of hope. How very exact tho “ Parliamentary Votes and Proceedings" are. Forinstauco, a recent issttu precisely stated that tho House adjourned at thirty-nine minutes past seven o’clock. Twenty’ minutes to eight would be near enough for most people. Announcements of opposition to sitting members are coming in from all parts of the colony, and the end of the month should see parties drawing up in battle Wliilo it is not improbable that the 'personnel of tho Assembly will bo con siderably altered, tho position of tho Tur ner Ministry will not bo affected, though perhaps there may be a ro-allotmont of portfolios. There is the Agent-Generalship, a pos sible position as Mines Commissioner in Great Britain, and at least one judgeship to bo filled up, aud the appointments will depend on the temper of electors just bo fore the time of nomination for the elec Tho Isaacs Insolvency Bill is likely to bo very much cut up in the Council. It has tho merit aud defect of all the Attor ney-General’s legislation. The morit is that the bill is well drawn and thorough ; tho defeot is that its main object seems to bo not to render business easier for honest men, but to trap the rogue. The precau tions are innumerable, and iu restraint of trade. “ It's burglar-proof,” boasts Mr Isaacs of the house he builds. “But,” says the every-day family man, “ I enu’t 