HUNTING FOR JIM. She was a frail, delicate little woman —scarcely more than a girl—and it was a mystery how she ever came to wander into Lost Pocket, one of the remotest, least known, and least accessible of the Colorado camps. Her face was sad, sweet, and attractive, but had lost much of the bloom of youth, although there were still traces of beauty. It was evident at a glance that she had seen much of sorrow and suffering. When questioned she explained that she was " hunting for Jim." Jim was her husband, who had come West to seek his fortune amid the mines. Her name was Mollie Jar vis. Had anyone seen Jim ? When she asked the question more tlian one rough fellow turned his face away. Jim Jarvis was remembered in Lost Pocket. He had been a wild, reckless fellow, brave to a fault, whole-souled and generous. He had been feared by his enemies and respected by bis friends, but be had met an untimely death at the hands of a treacherous partner. The murderer had fled, and Jim was buried at the foot of a large tree, in the bark of which some friendly hand had cut in huge letters, " Jim." There was 110 one present who had the courage to tell her the truth just; then. They avoided answering her question, and Tom Sain stepped forward to say :— " We hain't got no hotel liver, ma'am, but ef so he ye'd like it, tliar's Slick Sim's shebang as he fixed up cumfertable-like off the 'ariun's o' the boys, w'at same he fleeeed 'em outer at keerds. Ye see, he was botched cheatin' day afore yisterday, and was tooken sick suddint-like an' died. He's planted down tliar, an' his shanty's empty." Gratefully the fatigued woman accepted the hospitality of the vacant cabin, finding many things there to make her comfortable which she had not expected to see in that lonely place. That night there was a gathering in Big Joe Thurston's cabin. Yearly all of the citizens of Lost Pocket assembled there. At a certain moment Big Joe arose and rapped on the rough table with the butt of a heavy revolver. " Pards," he began, when the assembly had become quiet, " I reckon ye all know w'at this vera meeting is called fer. Thar has er female woman cum' inter our midst lookin' arter lier husban' as was Jim Jar vis. We all know w'at lies bekuin o' Jim, but sum' 'un's got ter break the news ter his wife. We're liver ter choose er man fer tliet puppose. Who shell j it lie * There was a moment's silence, and then a tall, sun-tanned man arose. " Pards o' Lost Pocket,'' he said, slowly, '■ I noinernate Big Joe as the fittenest man ter kerry out this onpleasant piece o' duty." Half-a-dozen promptly seconded the nomination, and before the big miner could protest the matter was settled. " Waal, pards," came deliberately from his lips, " I reekon thar be lots o' ye more fitten for this yere thing than w'at I be, but Joe Thurston never shirked a duty, an' he hain't goin' ter begin now." With this, he turned and walked deliberately out of the cabin. Thirty minutes later the giant returned, look ing as if lie had seen a ghost. Waal, did ye tell her?" was the eager inquiry. Joe shook his head. Ho, I didn't tell her. I foun' her in the cabing. The door wuz open er leetle, and 1 lieerd er low voice speaken'. Then I stopped an' looked in. She wuz kneelin' in er corner prayin'. I e'u'd hear every word. Pards, thet pra'r jest took the linin' all outen me. She was prayin' ter heaven ter take keer o' Jim an' bring him safe to her. She spoke o' ei leetle baby up in heaven, an' then she fell ter sobbin'. Jim had never seen his baby an' never w'u'd. But she knew .Tim w'u'd cum safe ter her at his'. " Pards, I'm ershamed ter say et, hut afore I knowed w'at I wuz doin', I wuz sniffin' like I had er tetch cold. I wuz 'tarnal 'feerd she'd hear me an' know thet I'd heerd her pra'r, so I jest turned an' sneaked away. I didn't stop nowliar roun' j thar, you bet.' j "I reckon ye all know me. Ye know thet I hain't erfeerd o' northin'. i 1 hev faced death half er dozen times : an' never squawked; but let me tell | you this—I w'u'dn't face thet woman j ter-nite an' tell her thet Jim lays down thar for all the gold in Collyralio! " And not a man was found to take 1 Big; doe's place. Mollie J arris remained in Lost ! Pocket. She said that something: told her that she would find her husband there. The days slipped away, but not one of the rough fellows could summon sufficient courage to tell her the truth. Tney were very kind to lier in their rough way, but more than one was intelligent enough to see that, day by day, the little woman was fading. Her face grew thinner and thinner, and her step became slower. The miners shook their heads soberly as they noted the gradual change. livery morning she would walk all about the camp, gazing searchingly at the men. "When asked what she was I doing, she would always answer— !■ " Hunting for .Tim." When her back was turned some of the men touched their foreheads in a significant manner, and everyone looked the pity they did not venture to ; express. j " She'll find thet thar tree sum day," ] observed Big .Toe ; "then the truth'll. i liev ter cum." ' One morning she did not appear as usual. After watching for her for a long time Big .Toe started for the cabin which she oeeupied. A few minutes later he came running hack, looking greatelv excited. " She hain't thar! " he cried. " But I fonn' Sandy Blake, the hound w'at killed .Tim. He wuz layin' on the floor, dead ez er herrin'! He wuz all chawed ter pieees, an' I reckon he'd lied er tussil with er b'ar, arter which lie he'd crawled thar." " Foller me," said Tom Bain. "We'll find Mollie." ITe led the way straight to the tree : where .1 im .Tarris liad been buried, and there, lying at full length on the grave, ! I they found his wife. i The morning sunlight fell in aI golden glory upon the wan, white faee whieh was marked by a last sweet smile of content. " Pards," said Big Joe, in a choking : voice, as they all stood with uncovered heads gazing awe-stricken on that, ghastly, beautiful face, " I reckon she has found Jim."' And there iu that lonely mountain camp, beneath the big tree, Jim and Mollie sleep side by side. A very precise youug lady in our district speaks of lier brother's " boot- j john."' ; The Hertfordshire (Eng.) coroner' failed to turn up at an inquest the other day through some oversight in his office. The inquest was held the following day, ! and the coroner fined himself £2 for his non-appearauce, dividing the i money amongst the jurymen. 