DAY OF BEST. A BLESSED REIGN. [By F. W, Fa&iub;, D.D., Dean of Canterbury.] Preached in St, Margaret's, Westminster, on Sunday merning, June 20, before the Speaker and the Methbsrs of the House of Commons. "Thou bast loved righteousness and bated iniquity, therefore God, even thy God, bath anointed tbee with the oil of gladness above tby fellows.—Psalm, xlv. 7. ' 1 am called to a great task in addressing the members of tbe House of Commons, the most ancient and tbe most venerable of Parliaments •which exists among men, assembled to tbank God for loug-continued blessings on an o ca siou which must be for ever memorable in the annals of our people. When I recall the place which this year must occupy in tbe recolleo tion of future generations, i. might well shrink from the responsibility imposed upon me. My poor words are yery small moment. To-day the hearts of all of us should be hushed to hear the voioe of God _ sounding to us across the centuries. How widely and how happily does this occa sion diSer from others on which the represen tatives of our Commonwealth have met in this very ancient Church. These walls echoed to their voices when on September 25, 1(S42, in days of deep disquietude, they swore with up lifted hands to keep the Solemn League and Covenant. On December 20,1018, there fang a terrible and impassioned sermon expiated by the preacher on the scaffold, when, blinded by merciless passion, after tbe agonies of civil war, be urged the Legislature to doom tbe King of England to the axe of the executioner. During the long reign of Her Majesty the House of Commons has but twioe assembled here, once to give thanks for peaoe after the hard-won victories of tbe Crimean War, and once, when, ten years ago, we celebrated the Jubilee of our Queen, and under the memorial window then erected one of the foremost of our living poets wrote this welhkuown lines. That poet has since then departed to his rest. So have^the two venerable former Speakers, Lord Eversley and Lord Hampden. So have the two much loved Archbishops, Dr. Benson, Of Canterbury, and Dr. Thompson, of York, who both took part in the service, and tbe bright-hearted man of genius, Matthew Arnold, and the Leador of the House, William Henry Smith, aud the Hon. Edward Stan hope, and many another who on that day sat on those benches. They have passed through these ten years as we must all shortly pass that vale dense as midnight, yet thin as a spider's web, whioh hangs between us and the unknown world. They have but headed this our procossion whicli is over vanishing into the darkness, after crossing for a moment this narrow stage of earth between the two immon sities and the two eternities. A REIGN UNPRECEDENTED. And we who are alive and remain are met hero to celebrate the completed sixtieth year of the saino beneficent and marvellous roign— a reign all but unprecedented in length, and' unparalleled in its progress and prosperity. It has been all but unprecedented in length. Not only has it been tho longest in the annals of England among Her Majesty's thirty-six predecessors, but to find othor reigns as long we must go back nearly two centuries to tho t.imanf f.r»nm MfV. and of two Chinesfl Em time of Louis XCV. and of two Chinese Em perors, seven centuries back to the time of Alfonso I. of Portugal, or nine centuries back to Gorm the Old, who united the Kingdom of Denmark, or throe inilloniums back toftameses II. of Egypt. In all tho annals, therefore, of tho human race there have been but one or two sovereigns in a millenium who have roigned so long as our Queen. But how intensely memor able should it be to us whose days have fallen in this reign on this epoch in man's history! I say. carefully measuring my words, that it has been altogether unprecedented in progress and prosperity. In the age of Pericles Greece rose like a morning star among the nations, but eresixcyyearshadsped that star had setinblood in tho Bay of Syraouse. ltome in tho days of Augustus dominated tho world, but after him, under a succession of rulers, some wretched and some infamous, she whom mighty kingdoms curtsied to, like a forlorn, desperate castaway "did shameful execution on herself." Tho spacious days of Queen Elizabeth, which lasted but forty-five years, were chequered by the gravest anxiety, and were followed by an era of dccroptitude and difficulty. The roign of the Grand Monarquo, bugun in childhood, was shaken by thuudors of wicked and needless wars, and onded with persecution, bigotry, and deserved collapse. The reign of our beloved sovereign began in the brightest promise, and it bids fair, by tho kind hand of our God upon us, to be golden to its peaceful close. VICTORIA THE GOOD. Sinoo, then, we aro mot to commemorate by thanksgiving to Almighty God an Accession Day of such blessed significance, lot mo fir3t speak, as I am sure you would wish me to speak, ono loyal, respectful word about our beloved Sovereign herself. It would be im pertinent, it would be fulsome to say of her what in days, haply far less blessed, will be spoken by that posterity which will un doubtedly bestow upon her the noblest of all titles already earned, of Victoria the Good. Surely tho keynote of her reign was struck in those words spoken to her mother whon, called in early youth to this sovereign office, in answer to the question, " Are you not afraid of tho groat chargo whioh you assume to-day?" the reply, worthy to be written in lettors of gold, was, "No, beoause I am sure of my intentions, and I know that I love truth and justice." In that answer we read the socrot of the rich blessings outpoured upon her and upon Eugland. The prosperity of the Quuon's subjocts has bathed in reflected lustre the puro happiness of her English home. Married to the Prince she loved, a man richly gifted and truly noble, the Queen found in his humility and his wisdom a tower of etrongth. He saw that life moans service, and he re minded us that the interests of often contrasted classes are identical, and that it is only igno rance which prevents thom from being united to the advantage of each other. In tho Great Exhibition and many another fruitful scheme his high, unselfish labours were devoted to tho amelioration of misery, the ennoblement of the poor, the peaceful progress of tho world. Wedded to such a consort, the Queen has experienced the bene diction of the Psalmist—with thirty-tliroo jgrandchildren and thirty great grandchildren, some of whom are destined in tho natural order of things, not only to occupy the minor thrones of G reeoe and Roumania, but to sway the destinies of mighty empires like Great Britain, Germany, and Russia—bIio has soon the children of nor children's obildrcn and peace upon Israel. Contrast the gracious reign of Her Majesty with those of other Queens of England. "I, Eleanor, by tho wrath of God Queen of Eng land." So wroto Eleanor of Aquitaino. "Vanity of vanities, all iB vanity," Those words aro written in tho only known auto graph of Queen Margaret of Anjou. Queen Mary Tudor, after years unspeakably tragic in their depth of misery, forbade even tho semblance of a crown to bo placed upon her tomb. "I am weary of my life," said Queen Elizabeth; and when the old crowned lioness of England coiled herself up in her desolate lair to dio, it was, it has been said, with tho whole Book of Ecclesiastes written upru her heart. Eroin life's natural trials, which come to all alike, the Queen, of course, has not been free. Slicliashnd to Bhed many a bitter tear over tho graves of hor husband, and her children, and her grandchildren. While the gifts of tho evil genii aw curses in disguise, on the other hand the bitter aloee of the tender hand of God heal where they wound. And now in advancing age Her Majesty has twice reached splendid anniversaries, riding on prosperously because of truth and of righteous ness, amid a number of princes and potentates, not only of Europe and America, but of ail lands, from Persia, and India, ana Moroooo, and Siam, and China, and Corea, and Japan, and the far Pacifio Isles; it may be eaid of her far more literally than of Solomon the. Mag nificent, "The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents, and the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts." Two days hence tho mighty voice of a great and happy Empire will be raised in her honour from thousands of cities all over the habitable flobe, raised to her amid the rejoicings, cele ra^ions, and festivities of rich and poor, of old and young, of which never was earthly sovereign more worthy. Her Court has been pure, ber household simple, her life deeply yet unobtrusively religious, her tender heart the wellspring of sympathies, which, flowing forth upon the humblest of her people, have oomforted the anguish of the widow, and dried the orphan's tears. And publicly Bbe has set the example of that wise and lofty self-repression which has made her the most constitutional of our sovereigns. Kings there have been who have tampered with the liberties of their subjects; she has protected them 1 Rulers there have been who by their bad examples have poisoned the morals of their people; she liaB ever striven to make them sweeter and more pure 1 Aud so God has blessed her in the love of her subjects and in the stability of her Empire. TEE MISFORTUNES OF SOVEREIGNS. What trials have we in our own life-time seen in Royal Houses. The fall of the Orleans dynasty in France; the rise and fall of the Republic; the rise and fall of the Second Empire; Paris taken by her enemies; Paris wrapped in flames by her own sons; a King of France and an Emperor of Franoe dying in exile upon our shores. In Italy the kingdom of Naples, the Grand Ducby of Tuscany, the Papal States have disappeared j in Germany the kingdom of Hanover; in South America the Empire of Brazil. An Emperor of Russia has been assassinated; a Sultan of Turkey has been assassinated; an Emperor of Mexico shot; an Empress has iost hor reason; a King of Bavaria and a Crown Prince of Austria have died by suicide. Two Presidents of the United States have perished by the hands of murderers. The lives of an Emperor of Germany and of a President of Franco have been at tempted. A Pope has had to flee from Rome; an Emperor from Vienna. A Queen of Spain has been deposed; a King of Spain has abdi cated ; a King of Italy has abdicated ; a King of Bavaria has abdicated. In 1848 throne after throne waB shaken, and city after city bathed in blood; but the throne of our Queen has remained as at the beginning— Broad based upon tho people's will. Encircled by the inviolato sea. And when at such a day we remember tho calamities of many another realm, and our own immunity from disaster and rebellion, wo say from full hearts through the centuries— A people's voice in full acclaim, A people's voice, the proof and echo of all humau fame, A people's voice, wh»r '.hoy rejoice With civic revul, ami pomp, and came. And with the long illumined cities' flamo. Attests their much-loved r jler's claim And honour, honour, honour to her, Undying honour to her name. THE WINDOWS OF HEAVEN OPENED. How far the personal worth of prinoes may ensure tho prosperity of their people is not a question into which I will enter, but assuredly this generation and this epoch God has, as it were, opened the very windows of heaven. Its marvellous advance is be yond all possibility of contravention. Many times in rocent years have its triumphs been enumerated. Our ago has been conspicuously an age of science, both theoretical and prac tical. It has for the first time deciphered many a riddle of the universe, and it has also learned to rift the hills aud rule the waters. Tho age of ocean traffic, it lias covered tho seas with ships like floating cities in magni tude, independent of wind and tide. The age of electricity, it has girdled tho globe in a few moments with its flaming mes sages, and now tho whole world thrills oonstantly with common sympathies aa tho ambient air vibratos with every sound. The ago of healing, it has combated a disease, it has minimised anguish, it has materially lengthened tho average of human life. It has been tho age of empire, not only amazingly expanded, so that now tho flag of Kuglaud flows on the wings of all the winds, but also of empire securely consolidated—an age in which India became ours, from Gape Comorin to the Himalayas, in which we have advanced in Africa to the possession of two aud a half millions of square miles, and in which Aus tralia has advanced from a few wretched con vict settlements to colonies enjoying the fullest extent of political and religious freedom, and with eight hundred thousand children in her schools. The age of population, it lias so enormously increased in England that where as loss than a century ago Napoleon first said that fifteen millions in Groat Britain must ultimately succumb to forty millions in Franco, wo have now forty million citizens in Groat Britain, and there are only thirtv-nino millions in all Franoe! It has been an ago of industry to winch Phoenicia and Carthage sink into insignificance. In Bix decades wealth lias in creased far more than in tho previous six cen turies and by such leaps and bounds that many a simple citizen now possesses an ampler fortune than was once tho revenue of the whole kingdom. Further than all this, it has been inferior to no period as an ago of intel lectual activity, of noble literature, of mar vellous mechanism, of varied arts. Had wo road in some book of fiction that all this and much more than this would be accomplished in little more than half a century by a bleak island, the "'J'eaUas toto divizos orbe Britannos" of Virgil, the Ultima Thule of Seneca, the "ghost-haunted, mist region"of Procopius, we should have been inclined, as Lord Stanhope said on our conquest of India, to fling tho book aside as too preposterous for credonce, and say that such marvels had nover been accomplished by tho lamp of Aladdin or the wisdom of Solomon. Happy are we that in tho short course of a single lifetimo our cars have heard it and onr oyos have soon it, and not in dreams. And it is very far from being all, for to this record must be added the far diviner fact that this our ago of magnificent achievements has also been tho ago of religious enlightenment, of philan thropic activity, of great services conferred by the Church upon the young, the affliotod, and the poor. The sneering critic may try to miuimise the blessings so gigantic and so in disputable, and may listen to that with cynical weariness, but the Christian and tho patriot will on fit occasion welcome even their reiteration with a glad and grateful heart. At the beginning of. this reign men heard them prognosticated; we have bad the happiness to see them accomplished. THE LIGHT OF BETTER_ GOVERNMENT. In St. Paul's Cathedral sixty years ago. on the Queen's aeeession, tho Rev. Sydney Smith, rising as it were on the wing of prophecy, eaid, "What limits to the glory and happiness of our land, if tho Creator should in his mercy have placed in the heart of this royal lady the rudiments of wisdom and mercy, and if, giving them timo to expand, Ho w:U grant to hor a long sojourn upon earth, and lot her reign over us until she is well stricken in years! What glory, what happiness, yvhat joy, what bounty of God !M I ask, have not those aspirations been gloriously fulfilled? Speaking in the same year of the Church Missionary Society, of which he was President, the good Earl of Chiohoster said, " A star has arisen above our politioal horizon, a star of beauty and of promise, and from thousands of British hearts there are rising daily prayers that the dawn of her reign may be the dawn of her country's glory, that herself re flecting the beams of the risen Sun of Righteousness she may gladden and refresh our drooping land," I ask you, have not those prayers been abundantly fulfilled? Yes; it is because they have been abundantly answered that this ago has been an age of immeasurably increased comfort and happiness to all, but pre-emi nently to our densely crowded multitudes. And it should be a special cause for thankful ness to this audience ou this occasion that to the vast amelioration of social conditions, to the substitution of loyal contentment and patriotio enthusiasm for secret fury, the legislation of the House of Commons has con tributed a preponderatingelement. The light of better government has shone in the cottage even more beneficently than in the palace. Nor is Sir Robert Peal our only Victorian statesman with regard to whom I expressed the hope that his name would sometimes be mentioned with gratitude in the humblest homes of those who oarned their bread by the sweat of their brow. The great novelist of this reign, Charles Dickens, whose first work appeared in 1837, devoted fiction to Che lofty purpose of the amelioration of abuses. As one of yourselves, a brilliant member of your own House, has said, the Judicature Aots and the New Practice have saved millions of money and destroyed a system of lega lized injustice which seemed at one time as if it was meant to defy- the world. In the history of our journey to the goal of an honest, cheap, and speedy administration of a just and certain body of law, the reign of Queen Victoria must always occupy a fore most place, from which it cannot be dispos sessed. In the words of an eloquent Lord Chancellor, "Law was a sealed book; it is now an open letter. It was the patrimony of the rich; it is the inheritance of the poor. It was the two-edged sword of fraud and op pression ; it is the staff of honesty and the shield of innocence." Read but the barest list of the legislative enactments of this reign, and you will find them characterized by pro gressive mercy, a progressive tolerance, a pro gressive subordination of the monopolies of the fow to tho interests of the many. Yet disregard for the sacred rights of tho many has still continued, and so we still say, "Oh, statesmen! Guard usl Keep our noble England whole, and save the one true seed of freedom till public wrong be orumbled in the dust." Tho efforts to secure theso advantages de servo assuredly our deepest gratitude^. There is no statesman here who has taken]a promi nent part who does not know that no improve ment is ever secured iu Church or State save at the cost of painful self-sacrifice. Think how two plain and simple citizens of the commercial class—Richard Cobden and John Bright—fought on for years, amid measure less insult and hurricanes of opposition, to abolish tho protective duties, which wore causing starvation to the people ! 3eo. how Sir Robert Peel had the magnificent courage to alter his first convictions because lie brought to politics, like Edmund Burke, a horror of crime, a deep humility, and a pure oonscience, and because, as Lord Brougham said of him, he could always turn troin the storm without to the sunshine of an approving conscience within; and recall tho impassioned battles which accompanied tho passing of the later Reform Bill. Every true man must always be ready to bravo tho blows of oppo sition, to face the hiss of-malice, and to ad vance in the teeth of antagonisms. The noblest man, said Pericles, is he who has a full recognition of the difference between hardship and pleasure, yet never Bhrinks from daugor. And because it takes true men to choose this lot rather than answer the multitude according to their idols, there fore wo must ever pray "God, give us men !" A time like this demands strong minds, great hearts, true faith, aud ready hands— Men whom the lust of office does not fill; Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy; Men who possess opinions and the will; Meu who have honour; men who dare not lie. AGENCIES OF W.ESSEDNESS. I must pass over what I would otherwise liavo said of the groat work done by this age, especially to the training and education in a thousand ways of tho young. It is impossible to enumerate thorn. Should we not thank God that they are too numerous to exhaust— the multitudinous agencies of blessedness now at work among us? One beneficent career lias been a stimulus and example to many. Enter the western door of our groat Abbov, and on the white marble of the statue, not whiter than his life, road tho two monosyllables which sum up tho career of beatitudes in tho life of Anthony Ashley, Earl of Shaftesbury— "Love, Servo." He took them as the law ot his future life in silent solf- consecration when, aB a Harrow boy, he was the indignant witness of the levity at a pauper's funeral, and who was so strengthened to fulfil his will that of hi in as of John Howard it might bo said, "For departed Kings there are appointed honours, and the wealthy have their gorgeous obsequies; it was his nobler lot to clothe tho nation in spontaneous mourning, and to go down to tho grave amid the benedictions of tho poor." Let the cynio and tho worldling sneer as they may, tho re sponse of ovory good man's enthusiasm, oven at this summary aud imperfect retrospect, will bo " Lift up your hearts! Wo lift thorn up unto the Lord: Let us givo thanks to our Lord God, for it is meet aud right so to do." Surely amid our processions and festivities, our bonfires, our millions of waving flags, and all tho pomp and prodigality of a capital far more stupendous in its wealth and population than the world has ever seen—truly, while all these splendours are the natural expression of gladness for these God's inestimable benefits, it would prove but theuttor uuworthiness of tho nation if a retrospect so blessed ended in nothing but outward exultation. Shall an un varnished record of prosperity so incalculable leave behind it no permanent lesson ? Shall it be powerless to stimulate generosity, to up lift us into nobler and more spiritual mag nanimity, to make us ashamed of petty greed and tho slimy marsh of more personal or domestic Belfishnoss? Surely it should in spire our souls as with a morning wind 1 OUll MOST FORMfriAIiLK ENEMIES. Wo hoar a great deal of national honour. Pauperism is national dishonour; so is drun kenness, so is preventiblo disease, so is the mise rable squalour in which our poorest li ve. Theso are our most real and formidable enemies, and if wo attack them soriously we sliaU have fighting enough in our time ! Wo must beware of tho peril of our own prosperity. The tale of ruin of many a nation is that wealth brought apathy, avarice, and s<msuai i.'iin. "It is in tho relaxation of security,*" said Edmund Burke, " it is m tho expansion of fn-ospcrity, it is in the hour of dihltation of the leavt and of its softening to festivity and pleasure, that the real character of the man is discerned." If wo are solfisli, then, we may well tremble lest our glory should fade. If England, amid tho tremendous days of toil and conflict v.-hicli undoubtedly await her in the future, and in (lie near future, grows in sloth and greed and sensualism, if she lose her faith la the eternal messages of the living God, if ahe use her wealth only as a means ot self aggrandisement, and not for the aervioe of mankind, then will her wealth make itself wings and fly away. Her pomp will be brought to the ground and the noise of her viols, and there will be the utterance of the dread fiat, " Thy kingdom has departed from thee." The ghosts of the foreign kings of n&tionB; shall say to her, "Art thou too become weak as we? Art thou too become like unto us?" O God, avert the omens of our unfaithfulness I May it teach us by faith and by faithfulness to pre vent that twentieth oentury which soon will dawn upon us in glory from setting in earthly eclipse! On such a day as this, I will not conclude with even a shadow of a gloomy prognostic. Rather will I say with Milton, " Methmks I see in my mind a noble and puissant nation rousing herself like a strong man after sleep and shaking her invincible locks! Methinks 1 see her as an eagle. mounting, renewing her mighty youth, and kindling her undazzled eyes at -the midday beam." Rather let us pray that by steadfast determination to do the thing that is right, and to speak the truth from the heart, this our glorious country may never sink, as so many other countries have done, into decay and decrepitude, but, under sovereigns as gracious and as merciful as our Queen, may still in the future be, as she has keen in the best days of the past, not pusil lanimous, not dilatory, but fearless in the cause of righteousness, not acquiescent in stagnant abuses, but strong as the lion, swift as the eagle, in the contest with every form of villainy and vice, and so may prove to our own people and to all the world, by God's blessing upon men's faithfulness, the fulfiller of that well-painted ideal that she should be a Bource of light, the centre ot peaoe, mistress of learning and the arts, faithful guardian of great memories in the midst of ephemeral visions, faithful servant of time-tried prin ciples amid the temptation of licentious de sires, and amid the cruel and clamorous jealousies of the nations preacher of goodwill towards men. 