(By tho Rev. E. J. Go>ugh; M.A., rector of St. Paul's, Dundee.) Thou art weighed in thc balances, and art found . wanting.- Dan. v., 27. Personal responsibility is that feature of cur hitmen life which is at once the noblest and the most serious. It ia that feature which distin guishes man from the brutes, which makes him a >p er son and not a thing; that which lies behind circumstances; that with which the gilt of a ?moral law and of free will ie necessarily charged. "Everyone shall give account of himself to God." "Thou are weighed in the balances." This most solemn-lèseon o.f personal responsibility comes to us from Holy Scripture, in review of an individual life K passing under the judgment of Almighty God. But I do not think lb is necessary to cuter at any length into THE WELL-KNOWN STORY. We can easily recall the notaible scene in Bel shazzar's banquet-hall, on that night when the fate of Babylon and its king was sealed. "Bel shazzar," we are told, "made a great feast lo a thousand of hiß lords, and drank wine befóse the thoflsand." There were the usual (surround ings of Eastern magnificence and voluptuousness, and yet on this very night Darius the Median, with his besieging forcee, lay outside the walls of Babylon, vigorously pushing on his plans, while within the city hundreds of Jewish captives were longing for the¡ coming of the^Persian, to whom their sacred prophecy pointed as the deliverer oí their race. Then, in clcee connection doubtless with this, follows the king's presumptuous act-the bringing in and . using for his own pleasure,'and for his idol- worship, the Vessels of Jehovah's Temple, upon which the hand of God Himself breaks in so abruptly, and yet in a manner worthy the ma jesty of His omnipotence. There was -..no noise, no storm, no thunder-crash; only "the Angers . of a man's hand wrote over against the candlestick, upon tho plaister o>f the wall of the king's palace, and the king eaiw the part of the hand that wrote." It was the sentence of his doom-"Mené, Mené, Tekel, Upharsin." It is .the sentence upon a, kingdom, upon a dynasty, and upon an indi vidual life. There is ONE FEATURE IN THE STORY, however, which is especially instructive to note, viz., how intuitively the king discerns the bear ing of that admonition. It was written in an unknown dialect. None-not even, the wise and learned ones-can read the writing; and yet note the effect that those mysterious characters make upon Belshazzar. "Then the king's countenance .was changed, and Iiis thoughts' troubled him, eo that the joints of his loins ; were loosed, and his knees emote oae a-giadnst another."' Surely the secret lies in that second cl au se-"his thoughts troubled him," Conscience translates those un translated words, and assures the king whose hand lt is that writes, and what it writes. "If our heart condemn us, God ls greater than our heart, and knoweth all things." And we must notice, further, WHERE THIS MiAN'S MORAL RESPONSI BILITY LAY. It is clearly set forth in Daniel's calm, judicial .words. Belshazzar, Gentile monarch though he was, had had exceptional opportunities bf know ing the truth of God. For nearly seventy yeare the chps-en people of Jehovah had dwelt "in Baby lon, and in the preceding reign God had revealed Himself in two meet remarkable ©vents. First, in the deliverance of the three young men from the fiery furnace, which- called forth Nebuchad nezzar's decree concerning the honor of the "true God; and, secondly, in His personal judgment on Nebuchadnezzar's pride'. This Incident Daniel solemnly recalls, and brings out .of lt the clearest statement of the moral responsibiiity of the king. "And thou his son, Q Belshazzar, hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knewest ¿ll this; but hast lifted up thyself against the Lord ol Heaven; and they have brought the vessels of His house before thee, and thou and thy lords have drunk wine in them; and thou hast praised the gods of silver, and gold, of brass, iron, wood; and stone, which see not, dor hear, nor know; and the God in Whose hand thy breath is, and Whose are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified." BELSHAZZAR KNEW-THERE WAS HIS SIN: It was against his knowledge; Pie knew the reality, of Jehovah's being, and that He ruled in . the king dom of men, and yet he.'defied that Almighty pow er, and trusted in the strength and security of bia city to eave'; hiim'from the besieging foe, and he knew that sharp lesson taught to his father, the peril of human pride. Knowledge must be the flnst' element in tho balance of- judgment, where an intelligent .being renders his account to a per fional God. "Thou knewest all thia!"-that is . the Indictment. Nor ta that knowledge ne«e& sarlly or primarily the conséquence oí revelation. St'. Paul, at heathen Dyetra and at scholastic; Athens, appealed to an. intuitive knowledge of a personal God, ' witnessed'/tc by the world of na ? ture lu the'one case, andvby the consciousness of I the. human mina in the other-a eenee of personal responsibility for what he does and for what he is, I to -,. !. ONE HIGHER THAN HIMSELF. And what, then, shaJJl we say, wheii, to th fa glimmering light of nature, is added ühe meri dian splendor of the Christian faith?-when frbe claims of the Creator are enhanced by'those of tha Redeemer; wheo thVlove of the Father, and the sacrifice of the Son, and the pleading of the Spirit, niake their claims upon the heartß and consciences ot God's regenerated sons and daugh ters; when the claim which unaided ¿nature owns, passes into the fervent consciousness of Christian obligation, which wrung from the etrong nature of' Saul of Tarsus the obedience as of a .little child. "Ye are not your own; ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body, and in your 'spirit, which are God's?" Surely the Chris tian creed which we profess-is in the balance of God over'against the life which each one of us is living: vOuit of thine own mouth, 0 Christian, ehalt thou be judged. And yet, fn spite of this--this knowledge/ this revelation, this claim of redeemingHove-are there "not, evpn in Christians' lives, phaises of'sin of Belshazzar's sort? - INDEPENDENCE OP GOD. Secure in this great Babylon which I have build-., ed by the might of my power, and' for the honor, of my majesty; this fortune which I have amassed, or am amassing,, which is mine to do with as I .will ; this social status which I have attained; this luxurious home which I have gotten and enriched; this harmony and culture which I have acquired; this intellectual development which I have reached, and to the bar of which I insist on bringing all things, even the revelation of my God.. I! Mine! It hs the horrible egotism of our modern life which "ßttteth in the placo of all -that is called God, showing itself'that lt is God!" Nor, my' brethren; are we Christians - wholly free from Belshazzar's second and more presump tuous sin: "Bring hither THE VESSELS OF THE HOUSE OF GOD!" We have many of these in our keeping, and wo are responsible "for their use. (a) There ie the body, made after God's likeness, a "temple of the Holy Ghost"-is it mine to do with Ss I will? to indulge its passions and gratify its appetites and desires as my passing fancy may dictate? Yet, let me remember, it was made to he the instru ment of holiness, the outward means through which the regenerate soul may speak and work for, God and man. "Let evesy one of you know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor," says the apostle; and again, "The body is for the Lord." (b) Or that sacred vessel of the mind, made certainly to con-tain the pure streams o£ Divine knowledge, is it to he desecrated with evil thoughts, or fed with literature vicious ir. morala and unsound in faith? (c) Or, once more, thait golden vessel ef my heart, capable of loving the highest and the best-capable of loving God Him self!-it, too, may be filled with "the husks that the swine did eat;" it, too, may be uaed for un worthy, and ignoble ends-may spend its rich and rare capacities on the world, or tine creature, or upon thaif;- least worthy of all objecte, upon self. And ; for..the use of all these sacred capacities I am responsible; in regard to them all, God shall bring me into judg ment; concerning them-all,. His hand writes on the wall of ray life, "Thou art weighed in the balancea, and found wanting." Last of all, are you inclined to ask the oft-re peated question; ' < v "THEN WHY DID GQD MAKE US FREE? Why did He lay upon His frail creatures a. re sponsibility so crushing? "Why did He endow.ua with that terrible prerogative, whereby we are. capable of wrecking our truest life now and in the great for-ever?' Why did He not let me live . my life witho.ut this power to do or not to do, which brings me, with such awful weight upon me, before the tribunal of my God ?" My bre thren, let us pause for one moment for the ans wer, ere we separate to-day. Suppose, then, that we were indeed independent of the great good God-that we were not respon sible to Him-have you ever thought what suoh independence would involve? "Should we not have to infer something like this-That ara to our whole be'-ug we were beneath the notice or the care of Ged; that what we did, or did not do, was too insignificant for Him to heed; that He had left ue alone to batWe with life ats best we may, and that (as one has said) He "set no more store by us than we do on an uptorn weed_ cast on our shores by an angry sea-unless, indeed,, men make use of its corruption and decay to manure their fields?" Wonderful dignity, forsooth, of such would-be Independence! Too mean for infinite Love to love me; too puny for God'a majesty to heed whether, it have, or have not, my service or my love! - No! Surely it is tru¡e that "the dignity of our nature lies in that relation to God which involves the minutest responsibility," for Í . "THE INCONCEIVABLE GREATNESS OP MAN .,. is to have been made hy God far Himself." "Ask no longer," says the great- Lacordaire, "why man is free; why he is not born in a state of perfection without peril of failure. He is free, because,he should choose the object of his love; he is free, becauise, in the union which terminates love, ha should* bring the stainless dowry of an entire personality; he is free, because God has freely lov ed him, and hais willed to receive from him the equitable recompense of full reciprocity." Responsibility ! Yes,. lt is the heavy weight with which all hunian life ls charged-the price of tho freedom of our will. But who would desire to escape its burden, if by that very pretssure Ki throws us in upon the uncreated Love; if it leads us in the^nd to the truth-, the liberty, the satis faction to which those great words of St; Augustine point: "My God, Thou ha3t made me for Thyself; and my heart can find nb rest, until it find rest ia Thee!" Dr. Green, the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, vialted Moree last -week, and held a oonfir^tiö^' service. -. At All Saints' the Bishop, in the course';'1 "Of his address, referred to the rejection by the presentation board of his nomination" of Canon; So.wter-for the- incumbency'; of Tam-worthi^tj HÖ». however, congratulated the Moree congregation' on their retention of so cultured UJKI zealous ai clergyman. 