Wit and Huner. “Freddy.” said the Hacker to Freddy Fangle, “you have speiled the word rabbit" with two t’s. You must leave one of them out." "Yes, ma'am," replied Freddy; “ which one ?” Old Lady (looking aI. “deaf and dumb's’ placard)—“My poor man, what docs ibis say V I haven't, my glasses/’ Tramp—- “ Please, mum, it says I am dear and dumb and if yer kin give me a few coppers/’ Tllo pupil* in a school were asked to give in writing the difference between a biped and a quadruped. One boy gave the following : “ A biped has two legs and a quadruped has four legs; therefore tbo difference between a biped and a quadruped is two legs." “ Isn’t it absurd what ideas people in small (owns have or large cities ?” Vos; there's just one thing more absurd. “\\\ hat is that ?” “ Tho ideas people in largo cities have of a small town." Mamma— '■ Which do you love most, papa or mamma ?” Charlie—“l love papa most." “ Why. Charlie, lam surprised at veil. I thought you loved me most.” •‘Can't hoip it. mamma : wo men have to hold together.” “ May 1 loos you, Miss Ten spot ?” asked voting Mr. Huggins. Have you ever kissed a girl before?” asked the young lady. “ Never,” asseverated the young man."Then you may kiss me. I draw line, at men who kiss and tell." Walls—"The displacement of men by machinery has been something great in recent years." Potts —And it. is still going on. Only yesterday I was going across tbo street and found myself displaced by a bicycle with great precipitancy.” Miss Antique—“l don't care for men; in fact, IVo already said no to seven of t hem.” Miss Comely—“ Indeed! M hat wore (hey selling." “See that woman running—with an enormous bouquet, in her hand? “That isn’t a hoquet ; she is trying to save her summer hat from the rain. His Wife—‘‘Well .losiah, I don’t soo t hat yon need keep on I akin' that liquor. The doctor said that you were all cured, and that he neednVcomo any more.” Tho Deacon—“ YVs ; but you know what ho said a few days ago about the danger of get tin’a relapse” •‘What do these letters stand for?” asked a curious wife of her husband, as she looked at his masonic seal. “ Well, really my love," he replied encouragingly, “ I presume it is boaeuse they can't sib down. She postponed Further quest ioning. New Parmer—“ I am somewhat of a connoisseur in stock, and I want only such as are young and in good condition. Dealer l —“Well, buy this drove of yearlings." Now Parmer—How old are (hey? " One afternoon, a stranger, observing a stream of people entering a church, ap proached a man of gloomy aspect, who was standing near (lie entrance, and i asked, “ Is this a funeral." “Funeral. no,” ; was the sepulchral answer—■“ It's a wed i ding. ” “ Pxcuse me, ” added the stranger “ hut I thought from your serious looks that you might be a hired mourner.” ‘‘No,” returned the man with a weary, far-off look in his eyes. ‘‘ T'rn the son-in-law of tho bride's mot her. ” The Harlem histories gave a performance! a few nights ago. The piece was “Ham let, ” and Ons Nobberly played tiro ghost. Ons expressed his lack of confidence by saying, “Now, Ons, all in flic world you have to do is to come in and say, ‘ T am thy father’s ghost, ’ and you must do it in a deep, sonorous voice. Ous said ho would try and do his level best. When (■he ghost’s t urn came he spoiled the tragic effect of the whole performance by saying, “ lam thy father's ghost, and yon must do it' in a deep, sonorous voice.” Oilhooly—“ Why don’t you propose to Miss Longcoffin’? She is dead gone on yon, and she is rich besides.” Gus do Smith —“I would encourage her a little if it wasn’t that she is lame in one log.’ Oilhooly—“ For heaven's sake, man, don’t he a pessimist. Don’t, look at it- that way. Ous de Smith—“ Don’t, look at what ? ’ Oilhooly—“The situation, of course ; don't say ( hat she is lame in one leg, hut■ remem ber she has one leg she is not lame in. Look on tho bright side of things. Be an optimist/' Handy tor Lapirs.— A cycling parson writ es to a London paper As a cyclist living in a neighborhood wlmre lady cvclisls have been molested when riding alone by tramps or other ruffians, may I offer a suggestion which I think may ho of more service to fair riders than those some times mentioned? bet ladies riding with out companions carry in an old purse a supply of cayenne pepper. A lady called unon by one of (hose modern footpads to “stand and deliver” will probably find this weapon more effective in her hands than a revolver, and the unexpected con tents of the purse may teach the ruffian a lesson ho will not forget. 