The Light That Cast no Shadow. CURI0U8 stoiies are told about the powers poa. eased by certain natives of India, who live up among the Himalaya mountains. These old men. it is said, have devoted scores of years . to the study of natural laws and forcep, which the rest of the world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the ' adepts,' as these queer Hindus are cnlled, for the purpose of find ing o :t the secret of their remarkable perform ances. They treated him rather ecurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the pro fessor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the bocks wero kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. 1 1 can't see to read here,' said the visitor. ' Then, we will have some light,' was the re ply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the enve. He could not tell whence i: came, hut he noticed that it had one strange quality — li cast not the slightest shadow.' This is a stoiy hard to .believe, yet its truth -is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yqn who now read it have no rea son for doubt except that nil the lights you have seen have, cast shadows. Belief or, unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experi ence. Dr. Johnson sniffed nt the account of tho Lisbon earthqnnke, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lnne ghost. A i-ian who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What e|s» but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example : — In the pprmg of 188$.' writes our corresnon. dent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating 1 had pain and weight at the chest. I vva8 much troubled with wind, and frequently epat up a sour fluid, aleo bitter bile. Later on 1 suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but always had a sense of discomfort. Off and on I con tinued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At laHt I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at firBt to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, niid its power over disease. Since my re cover', for which I thank Mother Seigel's Cura tive Syrup, I have been in the beBt of health and spirits." In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Sicned).D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, .Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shallow. .The latter may be true enotigh, hut it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. Ou the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical; about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments ore but symp toms, .forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion, and dyspepsia ; it cureB that, and throwB the light of health and happiness over hearths atid homes where illness and pain have, cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is toid of its success by eager witnesses. 