MR. JOHN’S LOVE STORY. The wedding had passed oil' exceedingly well, and everybody was satisfied, especi ally with the fact of its being over. It had taken place at the old- fashioned early hour, so that the bride and bridegroom and all the guests might be gone before evening, and Mrs Wallace, the bride’s grandmother, might have time to settle down again before bed time. She was a very vigorous and plucky old lady, but she admitted that at four-score years it is well to keep to regular hours. It was evening now. Mrs Wallace had retired to her dressing-room, and the whole house had resumed its wonted aspect. At the drawing-room window stood Christy Wallace, looking out at the lingering sunset, and meditating on the fact that no one was so thankful that the wedding -was over as herself, and that for all her thankfulness life promised to be a little uninteresting just for the present. Blanche had been there so long, that though the cousins had by no means been all-in-all to one another, they had made part of each other’s existence ; and as for Harold, he had been at The House all liis life long, and had run in and out of Mrs Wallace’s house as if it had been his own. There had been a time, before and after Blanche arrived upon the scene, when Harold had come in and out as Christy’s acknowledged, if not accepted, lover. Then Blanche's livelier ways attracted him, and nobody' had much account of Christy’s prior claim. Mrs Wallace even had said little, and though she had de vised a multiplicity of errands and occu pations for her elder grandchild, she had refrained from petting, or any words of compiassion-a form of consideration for which Christy very heartily thanked her. Christy was thinking of all this as she leaned against the window, and could not be sorry that the strain of the lover’s presence was removed. Blanche had be haved very well all through—been very affectionate and cousinly, but there was the faintest suspicion of kindly condescen- i sion in her treatment of the girl whom she had supplanted. As for Harold, his bluff good-fellowship had been a daily trial. They were gone, but the removal of her cross made Christy feel as if life would consist of nothing to do for some time to She looked up the hill to where the chimneys of The House showed between the trees, and wondered if Mr John was experiencing anything like her own feel ings now that Harold was gone, and he had the place to himself. She wondered, too, if now they would allow him the use of his surname, or if he was to be Mr J ohn to the end of the chapter. lie had gained the name during his uncle’s life, and after Mr Turton’s death, Harold, Mr John’s half-brother, had car ried so much the more imposing presence that the squire still remained in the back ground as Mr John. Ho was quiet and sLudious, and if ho had any love for society he repressed it, partly from his disinclination to be outshone by his younger brother, partly from his desire to amend, if possible, the fallen fortunes of his little estate. It was known that his uncle had been ambitious that he should marry money, but Mr John ap peared to prefer to save his money by strict economy. If he had ever paid court to anybody, he aud that person were the only ones that knew it. Harold also would have been pleased to see him marry money, though he was generous to him, and though Harold had a sufficient fortune of his own. Harold had been much the bigger man at The House, and Christy half smiled at the thought of Mr John being forced by circumstances to take his own place. The sun was going down now, the garden lay in a shadow, though the bright rays still shone on Mr John’s chimneys, and on the roses that clustered over Christy’s window. Suddenly there was a step on the turf, and someone came lei surely around the corner of the house. “May I come in, Miss Wallace ? It is lonely up at The House.” It was Mr John himself, and she has tened to admit him, “ I was thinking of you,” she said, “aud wondering if we were to take to calling you by your right ful name now that there is only one of you.” “ There has been only one of me all my life long, I think, and that one has been Mr John. It would be difficult to turn it into anything else, Miss Wallace.” “Not more difficult, I should think, than you found it to change me from Christy to Miss Wallace,” she said, with a little smile. ‘ ‘ ffiiiat happened, and had to happen, when you grew up,” he replied, with a faint flush rising to his face. “ When arc you going to grow up, then, Mr John ? I was rather slow at it'if it only happened five years ago, but you are even more dilatory,” said Christy, talking for the sake of talking. “ What do people do when they grow up ? Get married, like Harold and Blanche ? Well, I admit that we have lot our juniors get the start of us in that. I hope they will have a happy life,” he ended dreamily. “They expect it, and they are light hearted people. Blanche is not often out 5 of spirits.” i Then the two lapsed into silence, and j sat gazing out over the landscape. They j were both thinking of Blanche and Harold, j and of themselves as well. j The sun set, and the summer twilight< had it all its own way in garden and wood ’ and meadow, and here, in Clni-.iy’s drawing-room, too, where the s'lont figures sat by the window and meditated. Christy stirred herself with a bit of a laugh, as a thrush in the acacias broke into sudden cry. “ I am keeping you hero all in the dark," she said, and would have risen to ring for lights. “Not yet,” besought Mr John. “I came up here with a distinct purpose to night, arid I do not know how to set about it. I am a shy, awkward man. Will you forgive me if I make a blunder?” “ Surely,” answered Christy in be wilderment. “ I want to show you a letter you once wrote me,” and he selected a note from his pocket-book and handed it to her. “ Do you remember it ?” Christy opened it and read it by the waning daylight. Ho watched her as she leaned to the window, thinking what a dainty, delicate hand she had : Dear Mr John,—I am sorry you asked me, because it is impossible. Grand mamma could not spare me. Harold will explain it to you. Yours faithfully, Christine WaiTace. She handed it back to him. “ I remember it very well, but it is a long time ago. I thought it must have offended you somehow, for it was then that I suddenly grew up.” “ It is possible for a man to be hurt without being offended. The note hurt me, but something was said yesterday which made me think there had been a mistake. W ill you tell me what it was that I asked, and you found impossible ?” Christy began to feel nervous ; there was something almost portentous in the extreme quiet of his speech. His face looked pale through the gathering gloom. “It was a message that Harold brought from you. You asked me to ride with you to Bolton’s Cove the next day, and I could not go, partly because granny did not think it proper for me to ride with you alone, and partly because the ser vants were going to a confirmation, and Jones had to take my horse to drivo them. Harold said he could explain all that in words better than I could in writing. I was vexed, because I wanted to go to Bolton’s Cove. You see, I re member it all very well.” “Excellently well,” he answered, with a curious intonation. “Perhaps you will be surprised to hear that I never did ask you to go to Bolton’s Cove, and that 1 sent you no message on that day.” “I don’t understand.” “ No,” he answered, his hands moving restlessly, in curious contrast to Christy’s, which lay immovable in her lap. “It seems that I had two friends just then more anxious for my permanent welfare than my present happiness. I was writing a letter, of some importance to myself, when my uncle called me away. I left my desk unlocked, not supposing that anyone would be likely to search into my private affairs, but it proved that I was too trustful. Harold examined my letter, and reported upon it to my uncle, and, as the result, my letter was suppressed, and a message devised for Harold to carry in its place. 1 have a copy of that letter. Let me light a candle ; I should like you to read it.” Christy sat white, and silent in her shimmering wedding-dress, ghost-like in the faint light from the window ; scarcely less so in the little yellow gleam of the candle. Not a pose or a motion of hers escaped Mr John that night. She was rather frightened now, when he set the candle down on the shelf be side her, and handed her this second letter. The paper trembled in her hand, and she bent her head nervously over it. As she read she trembled more and move, for this was a plain and simple proposal of marriage from a man to whom she had never dared to lift her eyes from that point of view, and the very simplicity of it was so like the writer that it was like having his very words breathed into her ears. It was written five years ago, and ho was standing over her now as sho read it. i To him the time seemed endless as she sat with bout head considering those brief words. But it wTas more than the words that detained her — it was the shock of the whole thing, and the difficulty of realising its meaning. Sho moved at last, and he took back the letter. “ The explanation that Harold gave me was you preferred him to me,” he said, with the same forced quietude of his former speeches. “If I-sent the letter to you now, what answer would you arive me ?” “Mr John !” spoke Christy in startled tones. “ If you said ‘ John,’ it would bo all the answer I would ask for,” he answered. Christy half rose. She thought she would feel safer on her .feet, and at that moment the door opened. “The mistress wants you in her room at once, Miss Christy, and shall I bring in the lamp ?” Christy went up swiftly to her grand mother—a little shocked at having for gotten her for so long, and a good deal relieved at having gained time before giving her answer. Mrs Wallace was sitting in her chair by the window, from which she might have seen Mr John’s approach to the house. “ So John Turton’s hero,” she said, in her sharp, quick way. “What’s ho come for, Christy ?” . Christy’s wits were hardly sufficiently collected for her to give an immediately intelligible answer. “ Never mind,” said the old lady, nod ding cheerfully, “ we all know' that he has not come to see if his brother is left behind in mistake. Now, look hero, Christy, John Turton is here to propose to you, and you are a fool if you say 1 no.’ He’s no fool, and lie’s worth a dozen of his brother. Harold was good enough for Blanche, but he was not good enough for you, and I was not vexed when he'throw you over for her. You take John ; lie’s the man for you and the old lady nodded more and more vigorously in ap probation. “ But, granny—began Christy, ap pealingly. “ Tut, tut 1 Never mind granny. There, you don’t wrant to bo vexing your self with the notion that I can’t do with out you—I can manage, I can manage! You do as Ibid you. Go down and drop a pretty curtsey and say, ‘ If you please, Mr John.’ That’s the thing, and there is no Harold to come between you this time. Some old women aren’t so blind as they look, my dear. Conic here, Christy,” seeing how her graudehild stood irreso lute, with face working and eyes suspi ciously misty. “ Bend down and kiss your granny. You have been a good child to me, and a comfort ever since I had you, and I want to see you happily settled. John’s the man for you. Go down to him, and to-morrow you can send him up to me ; I don’t want to see him to-night.” But Christy lingered, kneeling by her grandmother, really crying, softly, over come by the tenderness from such an un expected source, coming on the top of so many disquieting things. Mrs Wallace did not allow her to erv long. “That’s enough, Christy!” she said briskly. “ Cheer up and get about your business. You are keeping the man waiting.” So Christy had to go down. Mr John, listening with the ears of an anxious lover, heard every footfall on the stairs ; heard uncertain steps come across the hall, uncertain fingers laid on the door handle. Uis heart beat a3 irregularly as her feet moved. His eyes sought hers as sho entered— eagerly, anxiously. “What has Mrs | Wallace said to you ?” I “ Sho said that John Turton had come | to propose to me, and I was a fool if I said ‘no.’ Oh, John!” sho said, in a 'i voice that was smothered in his embrace, “ if I "'as not good enough for Harold—” Let Harold be ; he lias done us harm enough already, Christy,” he said, with his voice tremulous wfth a multitude of feelings. “I am promo!ed to be John, and 1 feel that I am growing up !” “John,1 she repeated, still much smothered, “I—I suppose they will naturally say Mr and Mrs Turton, won’t they 1 We shall both be grown up then.” Sir John Waters, says the author of “English Eccentrics,” was the most ad mirable spy ever attached to an army. In tho Peninsular War he gave Lord Wel lington the most accurate and valuable information about the Spaniards and their movements. On one occasion he was taken prisoner by a company of Spanish dragoons while still clad in the English uniform. Ho was supposed to be a stupid Britisher who could not understand a word of French or Spanish, and his cap tors conversed freely before him. He learned from his guards, while riding be tween them, that they were going to kill and rob him at an old mill where the company was to stop for dinner. They would pretend that they shot him because of his attempt to escape. On reaching the mill the dragoons dismounted and went into the house, leaving their prisoner outside, in the hope that he would at tempt to escape. The instant they were out of sight Waters threw his cloak upon a neighboring olive-bush, and mounted his cooked hat on top. Some empty flour sacks lay on the ground, and into one of them he crawled. A moment later the dragoons came out, fired their carbines at the supposed prisoner, and galloped off, intending to return later to rifle the body. A horse, loaded with sacks of flour, stood near the door, and Sir John, still en veloped in the sack, managed to throw himself on the horse’s back, as if he wore part of the load. The owner at length came out, mounted, and rode away, with out detecting the peculiar contents of one of the sacks. When far enough away for safety, Waters, finding his position most uncomfortable, managed to free himself from the sack and sat up. The horseman, chancing to look around, beheld the man covered in flour, and took him to be a ghest perched behind him. Terrified at the sight, he fell over in a swoon, and the supposed ghost thrust him to the ground and galloped off. Sir John reached the English camp without further adventure, and was warmly greeted by Wellington. 