• Chapter X. -Glory's letter and its enclosure fell on John Storm like rain in the face of a man on horse? backy-he, only- whipped up and went faster. "How can I find words," he wrote, "to;ex press what I feel at your mournful news ?\ Yet why mournful? His life's mission was ful filled, his death was a peaceful victory, and we ought to'rejoice that he was so easily re leased. I trust you will not mourn too heavily for him or allow his'death to stop your life. It would not be right. No trouble came hear his stainless heart—no shadow of sin; his old age was a peaceful day which lasted until sun set; he was a creature that had no falsetto in a single fibre of his being—no shadow of affec tation. He kept like this through all our com plicated existence in this artificial world, abso lutely unconscious of the hollowness and pre tensions and sham that surrounded him—tole rant, too, and kind to alL Then why moan for him ? He is gathered in; he is safe. "His-letter was touching in its'artful sim plicity. It was intended to ask me to apply for his' living. But my duty is here ana London must make the best of me. Yet more than ever now I feel my responsibility : with regard to yourself. The time is not ripe to advise you. I am on the eve of a great effort. Many things have to be .tried, many things attempted.; It is a gathering of manna, a little every day. To GocI'b keeping and protection, meantime, I commit you. . Comfort your aunts, and let me know if there , is anything that can be done for them." - '• The ink of this letter was scarcely dry when John Storm «as in the middle of something else.: He was in a continual fever now. Above all, his great scheme for the rescue and redemp tion' of women and children possessed him. He called it Glory's scheme when he talked of it to himself. It might be in the teeth of nineteenth century morality, but what matter about that? It was on the lines of Christ's teaching when he forgave the woman and shamed thexhypocrites. . He would borrow for it, beg for it, and there might be conditions under which he would stealfor it too.:' V > : :Mrs. Callender shook her head. _"I muoh misdoubt there'll, be scandal, laddie. It's a woman's work, I'm thinking." " 'Be thou as.chaste as ice' aunty, 'as pure as snow5 . .;' . but no matter.' I intend to call out the full power of a united church into the warfare against this high wickedness. Talk of-the union of Christendom. If we are in earnest about it we'll unite to protect and libe rate our women." "But Where's the siller to come frae, lad die?" ■: f "Anywhere—everywhere. Besides I have a bank I can always draw on, aunty." ■ _ _ :■ "Your no meaning the Prime Minister again, surely ?" • • ' " I mean the king. God will provide for me, as in this, so in everything." Thus 'his reckless} enthusiasm bore down everything, and'back of all his thoughts was the thought of Glory. He was preparing a way for her; she was coming hack to. a great, career, a glorious 'mission.' Her bright soul would" shine like a star; she would see chat he had been right and faithful, and then—then——. But it was like wine_ cour sing through his veins—he could not think of it. Three thousand pounds had to be found to buy or build homes .with, and he set out to beg for this money. His first call was at Mrs. -Maekray's. Going up to the house he met the lady's poodle in a fawn colored wrap coming out in charge of a footman for its daily walk round the square. ; '■ •• ; He gave the name , of "Father Storm," and I after some minutes of waiting he was told that the lady had a headacheand was not receiving j that day. "Say the nepliewv of the Prime Minister wishes to see her,".said John. \- Before the footman had returned again there was the gentle rustle of a dress on the stairs, and the lady herself was saying— . "Hear Mr. Storm, come up. My servants are real, tiresome—they are always" confusing names." . Before they were seated in the drawing-room Mrs. Mackray had plunged into an account of her anxieties a3 a.mistress, what care she took, in the selection of strictly evangelical church people, yet how hard it was to trust the certifi cates which she always required of a thorough change of heart,.and. how often she had been deceived.-". ; Time" had told on her; she was looking elderly and the wrinkles about her eyes could no. longer be smoothed out. But her front was curled and she was still saturated m Eau de Cologne. ■_ :' " I heard of your return, dear Mr. Storm," she said in the languid voice of the great lady, but the accent of St. Louis, u-" My daughter; told me. about it. She was always interested in your work, you know. Oh, yes, quite well and, having a real good time in; Paris. Of course. youknow she has been married.. A great blow to me, naturally, but being ,God's will, I felt it was my duty as a mother .; . " and then .'a pathetic description of her maternal sentiments, consoled by the circumstance that herson-in law belonged to " one of-the beat families," and that she was continually getting newspapers from "the other side" containing full accounts of. the wedding and of the dresses that were worn at it. John twirled his hat in his band and iiatened. -.-r-.T ' ■; "And what areyour dear devoted people doing down there in Soho?" Then John told of his work for'.working girls, and the great lady pretended to be deeply interested. "Why,' they'll soon he be.tter. than the upper classes, " she said. John thought it was not improbable, buthe went on to tell of hiB .scheme, and_ how small was the sum required for its execution. " Only three: thousand ! That ought to be easily fixed up. Why, certainly I" "Charity is the salt of riches, madam, and if rich people would remember that their wealth is a trust . . . "I do—I always do. . 'Lay not up for your self treasures on earth'—what a beautiful text that is." ; " I'm glad to hear you say so, madam," said John, "so many Christian people allow that God is the God of the widow'and fatherless, while the gods they really worship, are the gods of silver and gold." •. " But I love the dear children, and I like to go to the institution to see them in their nice white pinafores, making their curtseys. Bub what you say is real true, Mr. Storm, and since I came from Sent Louis Fve seen con siderable people who are that silly about cats . . v "—and then a long story of the folly of a lady friend who had once had a pet Persian, and it died, and then'she wore crape for it, and you .could never mention a cat in her hearing afterwards. . At that mom> nt the noodle came back from his walk, and the lady, called it to her, fondled it affectionately, said it was a present from her poor dear husband, and launched into an account of her anxieties. respecting it, being delicate and liable : to colds, - notwithstanding the trosseau (it was a lady poodle) which the fashionable dog tailor in Regent-street had provided for it. . Jqhn got up to take his leave. " May I then count.on your kind support on behalf of our poor women and children i.f Soho?" - "Ah, of course, that matter. • Well, you see," as she gave him two fingers," the arch-; deacon kindly, comes to talk 'city' with me—I in fact I'm expecting him to-day, and I never ] do anything without asking his advice^ never,' in my present state of health. • I have a weak heart,- you know*," with her head aside and her; saturated pocket-handkerchief- at. her nose." "But has the Prime Minister done anything ?" j . "He has advanced me £2,000." .1 "Really?" rising and kicking her train.; "Well, as I say, we ought to fix it right away. Why not hold a meeting in my drawing room, all denominations, you say? I don't mind—notina cause like that," and she glanced round her room as if. thinking it was always possible to disinfect it afterwards. Somebody was coughing loudly in the hail as John stepped downstairs. It was the aroh deacon coming in. . " Ah," he exclaimed with; a flourish, of the hand, greeting John as if they had parted yesterday and on the best of terms. Yes, there had been changes, and ho' was pro moted to a sphere of higher usefulness. True his good friends had looked for something still higher, but is was the premier archdeaconry at all events, and in _ the ^ church, as in life: generally, the spirit of compromise rilled everything.; He asked.what John was doing, and on being told he.said without a somewhat more worldly: air, "Be'• careful, my dear Storm; don't encourage vice, For my part, I am tired of the fallen sister. To tell you the truth, I deny the name. The painted Jezebel of the Piccadilly pavement is no sister o£ mine.'" - :' 7 " We don't choose our relations, archdeacon," ' said John! "If God is our father then all men : are our brothers and all women are our sisters whether we like it or not." "Ah 1 The same man still, I see. But we will not quarrel about words. Seen the dear First Lord lately?" Not very lately. Ah, well," with a superior smile, " the air of. Downing-street—it's so bad for the memory, they" say," and coughing loudly again ha stepped upstairs. John Storm went home that day. light handed, but with a heavy heart. ■ "Begging is an ill trade on a_ fast day, laddie," said Mrs. Callender.. "Sit ye down and tak' some dinner." 7," How. dare these people pray ' Our' Father which art in heaven?1" It's blasphemy—it's deceit 1" 7 ' - . ''Aye, and they would deceive God about their dividends if He couldn't see into' their • safes." : ■ 7 " Their money is the meanest thing heaven gives them.; If I asked them for their health or their happiness, Lord, God, what would . they say?" On the Sunday night following John Storm preached to ah overflowing congregation from the text—"This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoreth ma - • with their lip3, but their heart is far from me." : But a few weeks afterwards his face was bright and his voice was cheery, and he was writing another letter to Glory "In full swing at last, Glory. "To carry-out my new idea I had to get £3,000 more of my mother's monev from my uncle. He gave.it up cheerfully, only saying he was curious to sea what approach tolhe Christian ideal the situa tion of civilisation permitted.7I7 But Mrs. Callender is .'dour,1 and every , time I spend 6d. of my own money on the church she utters withering scarcasms about being only a ' daft auld woman' hersel', and then I have to caress and coax her. "The- newspapers were facetious about 'Baby Houses' until they scented the Prime Minister at the back of them, and now they call them the 'Storm Shelters,' and christen my, nightly processions 'The White Gross Army.' Even the archdeacon has begun to tell.the world how he 'took an interest' in me from the first and gave me my title. _ I met him again the other, day at a rich woman's house. Here we had only one little spar,- and yesterday ho wrote urging me to 'organisemy great effort1 and have a publio; dinner in honor of its inauguration. I did not think God's work could be well done by people dining in herds and drinking bottles of cbam- ' pagne; but I showed no malice. In fact I agreed to hold a meeting in the lady's drawing room, to which clergymen, laymen,-and mem bers of all denominations are being'invited, for this is a. cause that. rises above: all differences of dogma, and I intend to try what can be done towards a union of Christendom on a social basis. Mrs. Callender is 'dour' on that subject too, reminding me that where the ■ carcase is there will the eagles be gathered together. The archdeacon thinks we must have the meeting before .the 12th of August or not until after the middle of September, and Mrs. • Callender understands this , to mean that the Holy Ghost always goes to sleep in the grouse season. • -. , • "Meantime, my girls' club goes like a forest fire. We are in our renovated clergy house at last and have everything comfortable.' Two : hundred members already, chiefly dressmakers and tailors and girls out of the jam and match - factories. The bright, merry young tilings, • rejoicing in their brief blossoming time between girlhood and womanhood, I love to be among : them and to look at their glistening eyes! Mrs. Callender bloyvs withering blasts'oh this head also,.saying it is no place for a 'laddie,' . whereupon I lie low and think much, but say nothing. -. "Our great night is Sunday night after • service. Yes, indeed, Sunday! That's just when the devil's houses are all open round about us, and why should God's house be shut up?7 It is all very well for the people who have only one Sabbath in ,the week: to ". keep it wholly holy. T. have seven; being p follower of Jesus, not of Moses. But the 7 rector of the parish has begun _ to complain of my intrusion, and to tell the bishop I ought to be"; - 'mended'- or 'ended' immediately. It seems that my 'doings' are -indecentand tin- 7 necessary,' and my sermons area 'violation .of aU the sanctities,: all the modesties. of exis tence.' ' Poor - dumb dog, teaching the gospel of Don't! The world has never beep reformed by 'resignation' to the evils of life or con verted by.'silence'either. ."'7 7: ' "How 1 wish you were here in the midst of it all! And who knows? Perhaps you will be some day yet. Do not trouble to answer this. I will write again soon. - Au revoir." (To be continued.) 