A ,WONDERFUL WOMIAN OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY.R : By tMRS fAY AGNES rLEMING.% CHAPTER XXcVII. (Continued.f ) "I confess t elll'' rs-,aysor be'r gan; "I don't know' h you la e';foundi it out, butLit:is true, eve.ry1wbO I aidi change 'the children. I lihated the Cotun? Less of Ruysland; :but foi her I should have been Lionel Casrdonnell's :wifes:? I: married John Haymanr, bu~l.t "I despised him. Poor, aweak fool; I.was glad when: he died.. She gave" me money. she' gave, .me presents, and I. took. ?them''all, anid hated her more every day.. .Slhe~ wasn't: happy with her husband-that was s some comfort. She was jealous-she : had furious temper. IXaitherine inherited it,. you may remember:'i : She shivered as sh!i p.:onouncead ?the name:.- ', r_:. '' :'' C F ; _ "My baby xeas a monthlidoc the night she rkn away -from th'e :ae.i :in` afit. of fury and ciame to ni? TIhat nigi, t bher baby was .born a girl,. too. Next morn ing she was deadd She died in mly arms, in my poor cottage. without husband or friend near her. That would have satis Bied most women-?it didn't satisfy. me. ,They came and took her :way. The earl told me to keep and nurse the clhild-who so fit as I?: I don't believe he ever looked at it. HIe dldn t'care inuch for his:wife. but the mannel of lier death was a shock" and a scandal. They buried her, and he .went away. "I went to. live in a village some thirty miles away-. I took no especial care of either of. them. but *they grew and thrived in spite of .that. .fy daughter had brown eyes and flaxen hair, and was small and delicate-looking-nmuch the prettier of the two. The earl's daughter had grey eyes and brown hair, 'and was largefor a child of two years. She had her mother's temper and her mother's twvil;-mine was'one of the gentlest crea tures that ever was born. I called the earl's daughte IKatherine; I called mine Ceoll,. as Lord Ruysland had desired iis baughter to be named.: I avaswell paid, but I grew tried to death of taking care of them and vegeta'ting in a stupid vil lage. I wrote to Lord Ruysland to come for his child.' "He came, and I gave him mine. I-did not let bhlin see the other at all. ':Ttold uin mIy inLle girl was ailing, anD ne tOOK the other awoay totally unsuspecting. Then I sold off everything and went to France, taking little IKathie with , me. The collision in which I was badly hurt followed; the child escaped. In the hos pital Colonel Dangerfield came to see me. He thought I was poor, and I did riot un 'deceive him. His only daughter had been instantly killed. He offered to adopt little Kathie in her stead, and I closed with the offer at once. I never saw her again until, under the name of Mrs Vava sor, I came to Scarswood Park, and met her as Sir John's heiress. . "I solemnly swear that the young girl who was known as Katherine Danger Ifield was, in reality, the Lady .Cecil Clive, only child of the Earl and Countess of Ruysland. The person who now bears that title is my daughter, christened Katherine Harman. I will swear thisin any court of law. I changed them out of revenge upon the late Lady Ruys land. \- (Signed) "HARRIET HARMALN."?',. The wretched woman wrote her name; old Hannah and HenryOtisaffixed theirs as witnesses. He folded up the docu ment, superscribed it "Confession of Harriet Harman," and placed it in his breast pocket She sat watching every motion with terrified eyes. "What are you going to do with it?"' she asked, eagerly.. "I am going to place it in the.hahds of Lord Ruysland between this and to-mor-. row night. The rank and . name your daughter, has usurped for two-and twenty years shall he takeir from her be fore the expiration of: four-and-twenty. hours" "It was no fault of hers,":the 'guilty a'oman said, with trembling lips. She started to her feet aned caught him as he wa sturning away. "Take me away from, this horrible' ouse--now, at once. Do anythlng you as he was turning away . "Not to-night," he answered coldly. S'It is impossible. You would make your escape, and that I can't: allow. Six years ago .you had your day-this , is mine. The mercy. you showed ?Iathe tine Dangerfield tlhen shall be mieted' out to you now. Don't be afraid --you'shall not be left alone. You shall have a light. Hannah, take her up to the room prepar ed for her, and' remain with her` all He drew himself from her grasp, and left the room. He heard her cry. qf terror and despair as he went out. Miss Herncastle Was standing in the passage. Ele took her hand and led her into an-: other room, and gave her the paper., "The world shall know you as you. are at last," he said-"shall give 'yoduthe name you should have bornie from your? birth. Let me he the firstto. call you by, it." He lifted her hand 'to his lips. "Lady ; CHAPTER XXVIII-HIUNTEDI DOWN.: It was very early. on-; thd morning of the ensuing day-so early.that the rosy spears ofsunrise were but'just'.lancing through the tall firs and''waving brake around Bracken Iollow-when a loud, huthoritattive knock aroused the inmates of the lonely old house from their slum bers. In five minutes old Hannah was p, and dressed, and in:the room of her young mistress. Katherine (let usdallherbythetheoldname) had sprung fromn ,her .bd also as that authoritative knock resounded, through the house. "It must be Henry Otis--it can be no One' else at this hour. Go, open the ldor, Hannah,and let them in, whoever they may be." Hannah went. She flung open the 'door, and stood confronted by a tall Tnan, with a dark, handsome, stern-look ing face, and an unmistakably military air. "I wish to see Miss Herncastle," this gentleman began, with perfect abrupt mess; "I know that she is here." "Who are you, sir?" old Hannah de nianded,'with equal sternness; "and by what right do you come at such a time Of morning as this, routing decent folks dut of their beds?" "My name is O'Donnell. I am Miss HIerncastle's friend, and I have come to 'lo her a service; while there is yet time. 'Before two hours it may be too late. Give her this, I entreat you, and tell her I must see her." "Yes, Hannah, give it to me. I'm not afraid of Captain O'Donnell. Let me see ,what he has to say." It was Katherine herself--in slippers 'nd. dressing gown-her brown hair un Idone, ripptling in the old girlish way over her shoulders. In that white negligee, With hair unbound, and its natural col 'or, she looked, with the rose-flush of the LAugust sunrise upon her, younger, fair er, fresher, than he had ever seen her b?efore. She took no notice of him. She took the card from Hannah gravely-and :gravely examined It. Beneath his name in Dencil was written "I know that'you are here. I come 536' . s oi' friien f a!ou havei any'leeaid t :or rouifselh??-,ii n snte' met. one.a f : She oalookedup. and hei; ou:hier: hand : imi i :an I'dei?e? smile .hat aii. something:o; d tihe ohdrighthnerss AiteLod laucy e defance ioe rKat'eiine Dange fleld -it."fdriend 'iauid 'emsoP'e sia i far:beietn een isr; c thlat. iaouiladli hea thousandi. pitbies tf refus ia nau dienc:tle to le o; bhee. uthd tio i'. myi'fiend a I -e,:. sit tc : grthatrheiiew role fortlhi imghial'lant, :capam ofii r~ clihass he lced the. into le th e' liil oolirS sipa tmdnt, alieie t last niglt lsi e.tl fuarman huiadmade her;ai conesion: anid prointedl to a chairo'n Teier was sw-racet a triumph; anouteir-liee had never seeno bhefori-thte io he r f aeprssio ofhe fiac wastes changed Where .was -the sad, sombie, face of Mis, Hernc-istle'isowee sort of; pioud triumphlii -all 'the lice' be^ Ete acceptcd: the -lichaii onl,: to:iean; across its wooden ,baclv and look ''icht'.eiv Sue stood hess -the-'~oldesi .sunsililne fell. taller and more classic tisais ever in hir trailing white robe, a'crinson:uord fcr. her, girdle;' The brown l'hairsl was 'swept off forehead and -temples;' showing the scr on the left plainly andeddicn, in' thee nobilityobf. her? face; * Tlie black'hiiad been. washed .from. the eyebrows~- tijo-.' gethers she was ;changed .almscost out of. nmowledge. t'Will Captainl O 'Donnell-my friend=' who has hunted me dow-n frofir :.irst to last--speak9? W..hat is it tlath has takein you out of youi bed 'at this" uncivill ised hour and brought you-tol racken en ol . low and me?" The ringinig .'tone of her voice, 'he meaning sapaiklc of hbe eyer and smile conifounded him "To war?i you for thlle .last -?time'-"' "Foi· the last timie-to .?iarn. me of what?" ;;That all is known-all.; - "'hat does a.ll comprise?. Mfay - slt you to explainT" -"That the death and buirial of IKtli erine Dangerflield iwas a fraud, and Miss Merncastle and Kaiherine .Dangerfield are one and the same; I aml, acting on. no suspicion-I rarely a?t.on that..: I.am acting on certainty. I knewe the grave in-Castleford churchvyard to be a fraud -the tombstone lying even_ more-than tombstones usually lie. I -new that grave held an empty cofin." M"Miay I ask how?" "In the .simplest manner possible:: -.I. employed a man '.accustomed' to sucdi dreadful work, and opened the ,:grav e We raised the, coffin, opened' that. and found, as I. told you-nothing.", She sat and looked at him--onder not unmixed with a species of amusement and admiration, in her face.. ' .", '.And yetyou call yourself my friend! captain ) IUonnell, you are an extraor dinary man." '. .: . "Nor I ddn't' see it," he ainswered coolly. "It wasn't anything, very ex traordinaly. From the houtr discover ed your identity with the New 'Yorl aic tress my suspicions were anroused. You had never given up the stange and buried yourself alive at Scarse ood iii the capa city of.governess without some powerful latent motive. That motive. I confess; I fel curious to discoverr . Theiiyoi m. de. love to Sir Arthur Tregei'n "l :i 'eg'-ou0r pardon, permitted him to fall in love with you." SKatherine smiled" olce more. "'As Sir Arthur liad onig before been signed, sealed, and delivered over to Lady' Cecil, Clive, and he seemed powerless to help himself, I felt called upon to. help him. He is, my friend, you Iknow, so also is his affianced wife. Then. you played ghost-oh,: yes; you did-and frightened Sir Peter.to. the verge of in sanity. ,Altogether you were too dan grous a sort'of person: to be allowed to go on without a short pull up from some on e " '' . " ' "' Again his listeneri sniiled as she recall-' ed Sir Peter's ghastljy face of fright.' "Captain O'Donnel,'. I cannot: under stad whliy you should take the trouble to come hereandi say this. Why should you endeavor to save a woman you hold in aversion and contempt-a woman, in short, whom you hate?" . \- "Whom I hate!"-he repeated; quietly. "Since when have I told you I hated you? I have heard Katherilne Dangerfield's story--a strange, sati'stoiry-ant I ,:be lieve her, even in this hour, to be more sinned against than sinning. . I believe a great and generous nature has -been warped. Katherine Dangerfield, I pity you-from my soul I do - and with; my whole heart I stand before you;,your friend. It is not. too late yet ; pause; while there is yet time; on the road you are treading, and go back." \- There was no mistaking his earnest: ness, the generous glow of his fice,:the friendly warmth of. his tone. She lhal turned away from him and was lobking out at the golden morning siy;'. ' "Go black!"' she repeated, bitterlyi "I?' theie ever any going back in this woild? Six years ago I might.:have.-listehed ; toe day it is too late. '. '-She 'covered her face dit? her hands," her breast eavi'g~; 'tie' color burning iii her face, moved tb the iery depth of hei soul with a passioi: of which he did not dream; .' "Come,. Katherinre- bou ,have. fouiht long and well, and nothinig has come' odf it. Give it up, and for ever."; . Her hands dropped from her face some thing in the last words seemed to rouse her. She looked at him steadily.,..': "And nothing has comne of it?'" shere. peated. "That is your mistake,: Captain: O'Donnell. Something has come of iti 1 wonder what you would say if I told yo( -what?" "Tell me, and see." "I confess," she went on, "to all laid to my charge. I am Katherine Danger field; I have been buried and risen from the dead, and with that resurrection my nature seemed to change. I have brood ed on one subject-my wrongs-until I believe my brain has turned. I fled from the house of my true and loyal friend, Henry Otis, and went to America. I be came the New York actress you so clev erly recognised. From New York I wrote to Mr Otis. I told him if Gaston Dantree died to bury him decently-if he lived, to furnish him with money to quit England. Unhappily he died, but not for more than a year after receiving his injuries. All those years I remained in New York I worked hard in my profes sion, and rose. I made money, and 1 hoarded it like a miser. Day and night, stronger and stronger with each year, grew the determination to return, to keep my vow. I tell you I believe there were times when I was insane on this subject. Death alone could have held me back. I waited patiently, while burning with impatience; I worked, I hoarded, and at last my day came. I returned to Eng land; I made my wary into the family of Sir Peter Dangerfield; my revenge had begun. "I had a double motive in returning one, my'vengeance on him; the other, to discover my parentage. I had a clue; and, strange to say, in working out one, I was working out the other. You know what followed--I played ghost, and terri fied the master of Scarswood, as I think he was never terrified before. I owe you no grudge; you were doing 'your duty, and I honor you for It. For Sir Arthur, you need not have been so much .fraid it was "a trl?.ip?lpt' take:. hinir from Lad: , Cecil to.anio?D.Lad' angit MIeld biut: bad as gam I don't'? think esel-wasbase-enougi gto niarylii S? 6l?l atv her fi'supo herr sand'sh certainly tldeive twronid;: h si' hel tt :codluy. f- ;r-?lien e th id"o Cuelh to i?tI rc harpbl o oil camil ovro eiganyr fa: onc smoie, ah<-s,hard l?light iln her:o i ey?es i;:.? ; Was shIf L euid eiyes, :ofaouised tLady Cecil Bu do.eath no evil ut'what ii Siseoabld 'he ? tdonkes e the deep.ti aid thedeadliest wrong of.' ll'' Heoo folded ati. i ns: uifre ling on th tble; hert head felfo' had onthem; littl !coldlyi believer ciiredto Lift t agaiti. sh'Dennealwaysok bigently h of.iIisin :his, ic inpaleined sulr as hiehead ?n liever fel fandy humanshed bclii h befori stir.long his Tlife e'a ''inothing :buit piity- foir: eyond .in; :l:ias though' eing. Gsteepediiicrthis Sdari ad :-dangerould life, de and. ben tie t:urseabl b ft nd tlenoth e nitupae .en folded aimsiven y -ofice:lniore. tablehes head fell foward ostllii hisem, as sCitior ins ilratiob liidinh li: he?r face... Sthough she ne.rarisedtc t "Yo u, it again I: thcompahtmssion eimy as shadll never felt renotince it-the plbttinglie: el-l the IrFvenge-:ind for'y'our sake : forJthe lqve fou abeny heruman Ivill:spefo r."i::ing h hate lool at her in mut inshould i dgShe T'miled, direw ay nothing er hands; ut nd .f sumed heark sand dangerous life - :":" S"You doursenot understo tand.ob See- here He.tain O'Donnell:I told you, did o not, m second obof inp ect isinireng-ninheg tacen '\well, I have aliscoverd it:"You. h S"You ghtve?" hy e rid, breshall save esl: r 'enhe-disovered:it.your y fiorther lives, and tlooke diight her ofin nurseoccupies •my. l-ce tn his -hert, the?iiame shouild bear. It's a very old sto r-chlianged at urse-anl d- th ay flirse hands nd ifes "You do not un rstand See here,con Cratulat e?in u Donned! told you: did I not yoin secondt onet of rouetuini :No oneng beliend me can djoiscovert ti mprensitagn ceely tI hane discovered it. "You misavke-i shline o d, breathlessl norning I hav d d isovened- it y fthter i all pandst theow. f Iaugren ofc my nurse occupies an o place in his heartone waym I renouldce it iiill. It's aneverunderstoryd halfinged at nurse-Butand the i nulong-oi li confeed Youit is riht it is tour dtii'y tn o. con gihe smile ndeed!. You:- : i o to I onder if thisa t oneulef c ourse No one, ic--if,or ey a mple."oily-my fatier ir r thmorningl: fd R ntend. butIthat isiallou thie'EHail of Rus'iland :I name him .you uiiderstdiind, ai. the first I think of. "I should tell youi'still to go..Right is right. :Thouigh:the Earl of IRu? sland were dill fatbg thoig litIly Ccil had i~~iped ' our place, I should still say, go-tell the truth.. b the cosst what It may." - :'rou who love Lady- Cecil. glve me thlis'advice? Captain 'O'Donnell, you? ldon't love her." "I love her so well that I leave her; I love her so well that if the thilng you speak of were possible; I would be -the first to go and tell her. Once 'agin-. in the face of all that mnay. follow-.-re peat, go!' Tell tl,e truth, take.the place amd name that are yourS, -andlet me lielp you if I can." But still she sat, keeping:that strangc, wistful, searcliing g-'ze on his face.: .'You love her so well that you.leave hear" she repeated, :dreamily: :Then she crossed:the' room withoit' a wordn lit a candle u :ind placed iti on: tli. tible be fcre him. He watched her in silent sur prise:,:. She drew from heri pocket : a folded paper, and handed:it to :itih?.? 'You havee done greater service :than you: dream of in coming he?e,' s, said. 'Do one last favor. I - want this paper destroyed. I have a-'i ihsical fancy sto see you do it. Hold it to the candle and let it burn" .He took it doubtfully. He -read the ,superscriptions "Confession o'f l: Hajiet Harman,;"and;hesitated.: -, ;.." -I don't know-why should I ?Why is this?' "'Nothing ..ihat concei'ns ny one. on earth-but myself., You will be doing a good deed, I believein destroying; it. Let me See youiibui:it. I c.n do it, of course; but, as. I said, I live afancy that 3 ours sliould be the hliand to destroy .it. D urn it; uoptain uionneii ., : -Stilii wondering -; still 'doibting -- he .oeyed: lheld thepaperr in the flame of the candle unitil it. dirppet in a chrreda icloud. on: the; ta:ble;;Then. she held out he hand to bim eitlh shrave' bright : smile; . :'Ohie niore I'th.anl u ., Y.' o ou have oine 'mn'a'grat serilce. You'l have saved m 'i fromin self Wihen o you it "T6oidals;-but if" :can~aid y6ue in any way-if 'I:can' 'tai u.to youri father . ;ou. aiire. -re adyto doitK a Know; but I hav??e?iat itet ma'deup'my lmind about tlhat vet It islnot'athing toedonie in a .hurry"Let, uss sa'ood'-ye and part o' the pro.iesn?ntiLf ' . .' :iHe' stooda'iootcedat heir doubtfully. 1He'ffel't,;aguely^'ith'it never. had. he: been fforither-rom'understaniiidhg lier than at 'thismoment 1 * 'Farawell," Captain li,'Donnell, my 'fiieihd;" she lsid, softly? *.'There was,-a lingering tenderness in .her voice, in her eyes, tliat might have told him her secret. But men are totally blind sometinies,. He saw nothing. "Not farewell,' he said; "but au revoir.' . , -: . . - . She went with him to the door. She I watched him with wistful eyes out of sight. "Farewell," she murmured-"farewell for ever. If Henry Otis had been to me six years ago what you are I had been saved." When Captain O'Donnell had left Bracken Hollow, she took pen and paper and wrote the following note to Mr Otis, which subsequently Hannah was in structed to give to that gentleman when he came over from Castleford : "Henry-imy Brother,-You will be surprised- pained, angered, it may be when I tell you I am going, and coming back no more. I give it all up-all the plotting, the weary, wicked, endless scheming that' brought revenge, per haps, but never happiness-and the con fe-sion is burned ! They shall never know- neither my father nor she who has taken my place unwittingly-sh-ll ever be rendered miserable by the truoth. I can remember now that she, at least, was ever gentle and sweet to me. If I told them to-morrow, I could not, would not, take her place. Mly father would never care for me-would look upon me as a shame and disgrace. Let it go withl all the rest! "Captain O'Donnell has proved him self my friend. For his sake I renounce my cherished vengeance. Let the miserable woman we have lured here go. Do not follow me. When happier days arrive I will come to you. Do not fear for me. I shall not return to the stage I .slihall live honestly and uprightly for tlhe time that is to come, Heaven helping .-.'Henry-ms best.: friend, my deair :tbrotiher.-'farewell'! , ,I have been a trouble, a distness to you. from the lirst. 'I.his last light will trouble and distress .youmost of all;, but it is for the best- the~'res neve??; were. Farvewil ! :,.?f/: . :·' K" :."IATHERINE" ." i :;;t ,?:.; (Thb o e'. Conrtinued.)'' 