The Miners' Revenge, or the Manager's Conspiracy. • |Bt E. J. D.J Jack Sinclair, Tom Benson, Jim Stanley and Bill Webster, four mates, were working at the Trust in God claim, near Coolgardie. They lived near the claim and had nice little homes, neat and comfortable. At least three of them had, while Webster had a mother depending upon bim away in South Australia. They all bad come to Coolgardie from Broken Hill, and had fairly good luck until the time this story commences. They had been working on the claim for about nine months previous to the last exemption. The company had received no great luck in the shape of gold. They had sent out a manager from England, an English expert, something after the usual style of the English make of that article. He knew as much of miniiig as mining knew of him. Influence at home had secured him tlie position, and he made the most of it. In appearance he was rather stout and portly in the region of the "breadbasket " He was a past- master and a gem of the first water in that profession (so common to mining experts in Coolgardie) of that style of speaking the truth, which, in Parliamentary language, is termed inaccuracy. Previous to coming to Coolgardie he held a responsible position in a land where niggers abound—said position being watch'ng the black gentry at work with a loaded rifle in his hand, two revolvers in his belt, while over his portly frame was scattered a variety of small arms. Of course, in coming to Coolgardie he could not throw off the habits of earlier years. Every morning he could be seen with his English knickerbockers, buttoning at the knees, carrying a small pick in his hand, with which he would scratch away at a bit of quartz. Having described this gentleman somewhat minutely, let me devote a small space to a worthy man (in his own estimation) who occupied the position of shift boss. With seven n.en, all told, it was, of course, absolutely necessary to have an underground manager, as well as a general manager. These two men, although very dissimilar in appearance, were very much alike in principle, but had a different method of reaching a given point. While one could tell a lie with that masterful tact that baffles description, and which would do credit to certain Parliamentary candidates, the other, through lack of a polished education,- was blunt, and his prevarications were vulgar and brutal. Although no suspicion ever existed that he was a c onvict, he had been, until a few years ago, a petty boss over convicts in the far nor'-west. Now, the main object in life of these two was the keeping of their snug billets, and the striking of a patch of gold. Skinflint, the manager, was heard to say— ' Never mind the shareholders, William (the shift boss), only let me get enough gold to keep their hopes up, and they will keep the mine going.' ' Yes, yes ; all right, sir. We'll fussack some out somehow.' ' Sinclair and his mates would then he shifted about in search of a patch, and instead of systematic mining a svstem of potholes and garden-beds was introduced. At one end of the claim an old couple by the name of Mills lived in a small canvas hou=e. They had been there for a considerable time. Mr. Mills was a cripple, through having contracted lead-poisoning in another part of Australia. On Mrs. Mills, therefore, devolved the duty of gaining a livelihood, which she did by washing and ironing, and by taking in an occasional boarder. Things on the claim had been going on very quietly, the only item of interest being the ' sacking' of three of the men to make room for the underground manager's friends. The place where Sinclair was working was a drive, while Stanley and Webster were working in the opposite end. Hardfabe (the shift boss) would have stopped Sinclair's dnve had not Benson advised him not to. The drive was advancing steadily, the stone improving daily, until one day a hole was put in under the reef, disclosing the most beautiful pocket of gold ever seen in Coolgardie or on any other goldfield. The drive was literally covered with gold. The quartz was simply honeycombed with the precioi's stuff. Great lumps of it could be taken and bent about like wire, while pieces of pure metal the size of hen's eggs and marbles were common. Hardface happened to be on surface as Benson and h's mate commenced to pull. The first bucket was almost pure gold. Hardface at once stopped any further hauling, and calling Sinclair sent in for the manager. Skinflint was almost delirious with delight, and coulfl only mutter * Gold, gold, gold,' while he would fondly handle the specimens time after time. The placed as much as they could find in boxes, and conveyed it into the registered office of the company in as quiet a mm ner as possible. For the next few days a prison system of espionage was kept up over Sinclair, Benson, Stanley, and Webster, which almost caused them to throw up their billets. The necessity of providing for wives and little ones alone induced them to bear with the measures taken, which in better times would have been strongly resented. After a few days the visible gold cut out, and precautions were some what relaxed. Although Skinflint and Hardface had so jealously guarded against the miners getting a grain of gold, the temptation to themselves was too great. A conspiracy to defraud the shareholders of this enormous wealth was entered into between them. It was considered necessary to get rid of Sinclair and his mates. Partial exemption was therefore applied fcr on the ground of want of funds and was obtained the Government policy of the da> being to grant as much exemption as possible, so as to setter men and prevent them from voting. Skinflint called Sinclair and party into his office and paid them • off at « a minute's • notice. There jet remained the old couple at the end of the claim to be removed. A lawyer's letter was sent them, and with barely a penny in their pockets they were evicted from the lease. The old man could not stand the loss of his home, and consequent worry, trouble, and expense of shifting. Being in delicate health he utterly droke down and died, cur-ing Skinflint and Haidface with his last breath. The poor old woman may be seen at the present time ekeing out a precarious existence by washing and iron • ing. Sinclair and his mates, aftt r vainly endeavouring to find employment in Coolgardie, decided to jotn the rush to Bummer's Creek. The trip there proved too much for Stanley and Webster. Typhoid, being prevalent, marked them out as its victims, and chey joined in the last great rush in which, sooner or later, all of us must take a place. Before the open grave of their mates, Sinclair and Benson took an oath before God to have revenge on the men who had so cruelly driven them into such straits. Reaching Bummer's Creek, thpy managed to strike it luckv from the start. After six weeks' work they were able to return to Coolgardie with 2000 ounces of go'd. Placing Stanley's wife beyond the reach of want, and telegraphing a fair sum to Webster's mother, they made enquiries about the Trust in God find. No news had been heard either in London or Coolgardie of the phenomenal pocket. They at once took steps to acquaint the local papers with a full account, and in a few hours Coolgardie was ringing with the st/y of the greatest find since Bayley's. The London Board of Directors soon became c gnisant of the true state of affairs. Skinflint and Hardface. however, had judged it to be about lime to get rid of their booty and sail for other lands. The gold was sold: to the different banks for a sum exceeding £30,000. They booked saloon passages for Brindisi by the B.MS. Ophir, catching the boat at Albany. This was as far as they were destined to reach, as the detectives had received instructions from London, and arrested them at the last moment. Skinflint threatened, expostulated, and foamed, but all :n vain. They were com mitted for trial and tak^n to Perth. Before the trial came on Skinflint was attacked with brain fever. He was continually crying he could see the ghosts of Mills, Stanley and Webster around his bed. The whole conspiracy was revealed in his ravings. After suffering untold agonies, he died a miserable wreck in the gaol hospital Hardfacc was tried at the Supreme Court, found guilty, and received a well-merited sentence of ten years imprisonment, which he *is at present undergoing. The judge made an order for the money to be returned to the company. With the amount thus realised they have made the mine the biggest gold producer in Coolgardie. 