THE HEIRESS. BY Mrs. ANNE S. STEPHENS. CHAPTER XXXtll. ( Continued, ). TURNER'S STRUGGLE AGAINST MARRIAGE. '? ' No, no, I — I don't think it would seem jso hard. after a little 1' '' And J upiter, and Cora I. burst into tears. 'There new, that is it — I'm answered — I was. sure it would break her little heart, ' cricd the old man, desperately — ' I'll do it. I'll bind myself, hand and foot — I'll make an eternal old fool of myself. I'll — I'll. It's no use struggling, I'm sold, lost — tied up - married !'' He uttered the lust word ferociously, casting it down as if it had been a rock. 'Not for mp, Turner — not for me,' I said, losing a'l sense of the ludicrous in his genuine repugnance to the measure Lady Catherine had proposed. ' I do not' understand this — what on earth is the reason th°y cannot let us live in peace !'' ' Because you must be cutting loose froarmy: authority — cantering about like a little Nimrod in long skirts — fighting bounds — getting acquainted with young men whom you ought to hate — to hate, I say Mia3 Zana ! Because you are a little fool, and I am an old one. Because, because — but it's no use talking.' I began to see my disobedience in its true light. Certainly it was impossible to comprehend why it had led to the necessity which my old benefactor so much deplored, but I felt to the bottom of m v heart that t.hiq nvil wlin.fovpr if. is had. been brought on by myself. 'Mr. 'Turner,' I said, 'if I stay in doors a month, nay, a whole year will it do any good ?' ' No — not the le.ist !' ' What can I do? Indeed, indeed, Turner; I am very sorry,' I persisted ; 'but let us go away; it will be far better to leave Cora and Jupiter, the bouse and everything.' Why did I lose my voice so suddenly 1 Why did the thought that George living was at Greenhurst depress my heart and speech 1 I felt myself growing pale, and looking despairingly around the lovely garden, for the Orst time realizing how uoar cveiy uuwer iiuu-ueuome. Turner looked at me wist full)', aid at length went away. I saw him an hour after wandoiing to and fro in tl-e wil derness. 1 did not leave the window, though breakfast had been long wailing. The whole conversation had bewilderrd me. Why should Turner dread this marriage so much — was it not right? It seemed to me a very easy thins; when 80 much dppended on it. I had never thought seriously of marriage in my whole life, and its very mysff rionsnes* made me look upon Turner as the victim of some: hidden evil. I was resilved that he should not sacrificed. What was -my own, friends, Jupiter, to the comfort of an old friend like him ? I went forth into the wilderness, and found him sitting at the root of a huge chesnut, with his claupod hands drooping idly down between his lc.ees, and graz;n« steadfastly on the earth. , 'Zina,' he said, teaching forth his hand, 'sit- down ht-ie, and tell me all about it. What have I been saying? Have I been very cross, darling?' His kindness went to my heart. I (a* down upon a curved root of th'? tree, and leaned softly agiinst him. II Yns. n lihtln nrnaH. huh not. Imlf sin much as I deserved,' I said, nvekly. 'But tell me now, Mr. Turner, what is this marriage, what is there so dreadful about it V ' Nothing, child — nothing, he an swered,1- with forced cheerfulness. '1 -daresay, it' is very pleasant — very plea sant indeed to some people. I know of persons who are very fond of weddings, quite charmed with tbem ; but for my .part a funeral eee'ms more the- thing — there is some' certainty about that. It settleBf'a man leaves him alonp, provides ? forbiih.' : . ' And do they wish your wedding to ..b3 lilies that?' .1 whispered, creeping olnan .: 'Like that!' said Turner,- lifting up his eyes. ' God forbid 1 Mine, if it inust be, is but the expiation of that !' ' And would Lord Clare desire it? — .would lie insist like Lidy Catherine ?' I questioned. ' Would he turn me out of doors unless you married Maria, do you think?' ? ' He turn you out of doors — he, child? I only wish we had some way of reaching him !' ' Where is he now ?' In Africa, the last we heard, search ing for what he will never find.' 1 ' And what is that, Mr. Turner?' ' fence, child, peace — a thing that he will never know again on this side the. grave I' ' Is he a b^id man then ??' I persisted, strangely enthralled by the subject. 'I never saw a wedding,' said I, thoughtfully, 'and but one funeral. That was very sad, Mr. Turner ; if a wedding is like that, don't be married — it is dreadful ! Are weddings like that funeral ever ?' ' I have seen weddings a great deal more solemn,'' ho answered, still gazing on the ground. ' One that seemed but the mockery cf a funeral, and ended in one!' ?'What one was that?' I questioned, while a cold chill crept mysteriously through my veins. ' Tt was Loid Clare's wedding that I was thinking of,' he answered, looking up, '-and that happened threo days before .1 found you on his door step.' I looked fearfully around, It seemed as if a funeral train were creeping through the woods — the ghost of some procession that lived in my memory, yet would not give itself forth. ' Millions of worse men will live and revel after he has pined himself into the grave. ' Let us leave this place and seek for him,' I said, filled with a sympathy so deep that my veiy heart trembled. 'If he is unhappy, -you and I may do him some good.'' ' Oh, child, if you could but remember If I hud but some little proof,' he answered, gaz'ng at me impressively. ' Proof of what, Turner? — what can you wish to prove ?' 'That in which nothing but God can help me !' was the desponding reply. . . 'It seemed to me,' said T, pressing each hand upon my temples, for they were hot with unavailing thought — ' it seemed to me as if the thing that you wish to know was beating in my brain all the time. Something there is, blank nnd dark in my memory — how shall I bring it forth that you may read it ?' ' Wtiib God's own time, my child,' answered the old man, gently taking the hunds.from my temples, ' sooner or later that which we wish to learn will be made clear. Come now, let us go home!' ' But they will not lot U3 stay there, and I am ready to go,' I remonstrated. (To be Continued.) 