.i- . ! 23STZMOJ3 LONOGRaE , Be Ea. G. SHELDON, A.lhor of ,,,:i? ,istske." "Faithful Sh':cy." ._--o---- cIA TEB SXXXII. ,rOTHT' D IsDICATION. w-l did~ cu mea by jour referenea Q'g.-a in your prcepecta!" Dorothy s ~a e lttle later, after the lovers o Ve their ,ew happinete and the oi I-d coneessed howand when she l;, the discovery that she loved th a far deeper Affection thr.n that o' f --r a brother. :u-g men einile mischievously. a mn ost afrnii that you will re -eMs s cruel u&urpr; when I tell "'e setlld. . Who: do you nean by that ?" she in ,»oi g pseplexed- a uTij: ynu say if I should tellyou -Ire fund anoter will P" Archie ;3. , t . e 1 Eearched her face Vt Ar: ie ?' Dorothy eagerly o:s' ser onel , o d.:'J it ily !" .li t--eh':i to yur humble servant i ite s -i gdly amount of money l trs: !-and how glad I am " , ,il! I biheve you world not r av *-e John had !eft me the whole ..-pe:ty!' said Archie, regarding LIZ: C . -i opr I-. ,, Ido rot think it would haFv -,: s:iC ted my prosp2cft," Dorothy o retorned, "not nearly so mnch J.ther orrangement seemed likely to ,',r: snot quite forgive me even yet, o , deer, for TefusiLg ycur noble i; I A rchie, with tender reproac. -: -tt up to put yourself in my place, . t?se if yon thizk you would have T.d a n't ttink I want to talk about it . lore," Dorothy demorely replied .-pe -ye tll me somethiog about a W,7A: l;ve been doing during all these ,Aie laughed cut lightly at her readi- a Iato cuooai t he Ebjec, but he was far St?py to care to prets the matter, and b p orgsa to gie her an account of his t thBe Esuc for ther, his anxiety and P rotateitSeu over her fdiht, which finally P t-ed i heais th thit he decided to a tehL strip sbroad. ti he relatd tow he had met Miss Fio;que In the hotel at Liverpool and the rs?i..detrevelation which had been the rW.vw, cf his acquaintance with her. -Hiwvery strange! It is exceedingly r-mat, Archi-," Doroth- exclaimed s?ate concluded tia narrative. " Acd t say thst ter name ie Dorothy Ft-r c t," ne Wided, reflectively. b \- Ts, ad tne fact of ter first name be. i:g te sie as younr, struck me as being i tetat coincidence." *D F." nurmnred the young girl, p:Fg ttcght uly cff over the water. "lE,tucoe were tte etters engrAvtn on zci Cet, you know," Eaid her lover. r *uo=p: I was thinking about my y pti." sfd D.rothy gravely. "lYo jewelP'" excisimeO Archieh erited. " What can you mesa, and a rc;t c=ection c n my grandmoths r's I cmnhatwitih anthing in your po.Cea- 7 -i fiet that ycu never Lnew any ting about them,' Darothy returned. d ta? ae told him all that she knew about a oie benweulntcklace, descnbing it to him b Ed 'o the monogram on its clap. "Raw very emegnlr,' said Archie, in sv.tdering rtce, "and how can yea ac a:atir mta monogram cn the cleap being M idpiLrte cf that on my iccket." "or know I never Caw it but once, and e -itea when I was a little girl, and long b tore ? rsma gave the necklace inte my h lsils.ie. Thrre seems a strange fatality 6 rtSenbin thosE initialE," said Drothy. r Dathy lifted a troublel Icok to her nacoia's face. 'i're AcA a mind to tell you," she a nuter, with some hesitation, " and yet 0 ldiniotmean to jnut at present." Tcu save 'half a mind' to tell me "'I?so=ethmng dreadful, Archie." V Sever mind, dear; you srely cen Cate with wtst trouble yeu, if yon can =mt Mrtie-f to me," her lover tenderly P ripoted. 'Cte-r=a , I can trrut oun with every tg" Esli Dorothy, with rising color; P hn I hope that I could aettle this I;nt q~i=t,;. when I returned to the S -!D at Claremont, sad then you need im :aortbie knzvn cf the terrible ordeal to C ' I have been eubjeeted." laovtns, Drothý I tave you anythiag aE -kteli me than that which you hve b tady aottedP' Arctie excitedly ex "lst! do cc: be alarmed," she quietly tEts. Perh ps it is better, after all, r Sra 00 oul kr, ow, and then you can sAE me what couese to pursue, altaough Iml ce tat. Mr Waldmar would have 0 aýts every.hig nicely tfr me." .4tO'a p:ccteaed to tel him about Mr 'r 's .eancmg--gift to Lie bilde-of t - .atmeneet upcn beholaing at Ta Yls tAkisAe txactly like the one in L*'ptes - s hoa Ihe had seen it again " '-lateLtg ;te'st eck st the ball, and 0 tcaotersern irom her pachting ex nart', ttd t arriettd cpon the Bna-s8 pofhensg stoen it 'cae~ " A"ice indignantly ex 'Ieit was a dreadf l geperienoe," eaid ,with a heavy ega ; *"and the a n it lU is that the examination is tuBted tir the day after to-morrow-in E" ama.-.a it I am not there to Csa i mieel, e r Waldmar, who 'Ud teary tonds for my appearance, '5ieted retP.bhle." . ?bot trouie about that part of it," 'dleone,' *for we can easily reach C ttOc bh nil i but what diatreesEg me I}carue going to answer for ounrelf ut Itn?tcmt examination," he con , looeing oeeply anxiou. 'O,tatwit be .Smpisl enongh," Don' . canasgly answered, " for I Ehall l] prodnee Mra Van Stein's neck y!" ciea Archie, inexpressibly Yt r wards, andsegardingherae '*al t tgt her nporlrsly tnse. -5-lest me tell yon," he inter Seiah a httle ripple of laughter that *tuea in hia sara; whereupon ahe 5O.5( to tell tim how she had dis " " real thief, and, later, possessed Sttlhejewedl and revolver jusi as l peti ad been about to pass the Beal, my darling, you have, indeed, -m.antc experience I" Anchie re In a wonuering tone; "but I Shen thn of the dangere you .1anot be too thankful; and,b oh, I tdt O have found Yeou, &rchie;," tShe Setuarned. with a long sigh of oan SP Elnsr it wondxtTul-when I Soa most-that you should have tna d? I never thought of break. cn? until I caught a'ght of your face, JIon aprang toward me; then, Sgt I waeas safe-that you would ,' ms-thing right-somethmg within ' g ad l knoew nothing more until 11 i5 the ate-room below and fonnd Spem ehildi I wonder sometting I anlet go' long before," said the !ea i m a voice of tender sympalhy. .1 na thidthat talking it over will ,Jin.lenirsdtSa haveth.d <. ^h to b?ar f,- one day," he concluded, as he aiz.uu ly scanned her face. "Oh, no; I do not mind it, now that it's all o .r, and I have you once more," Dor othy responded. with a trustful smile. " Be: is is strange how those mysterious D's end F's continually rise up to confront you and me, like restless ghosts from out * f the past. I wonder if this Miss For esq"e, of whom you have told me, could -xplain this monogram, or it she can be in any way ra;sted to my mother," she :hor:htclly concluded. " Where are those jewels, Dorothy, whioh you rescued from that wretch P' Archie questioned, in a low tone. " Here In my pocket," she whisperedo "Does he know that yeou have them '" " I do not know ; he muset certainly won der how I became possessed of the revolver which lay underneath his mattress, to gether with the necklace." " Possibly he did not reongnise it; he may hare thought that Mrs Allen provided you with it. At all events, whether he c suspacts it or not, he cannot be in a very comfortable frame of mind at the present time; for he muEt reallse that the jewels will be found, sooner or later, consoquently the natural inference would be that he was the thief. He shall be handed over to the authorities the moment we get into port, t and taken along with us when we go to Claremont for the examination." "Do you think it advisable to ask M!ss I Forteeque if she knows anything about the necklace ?" Dorothy inquired. Archie thought a moment before reply ing. He was anxious as Dorothy to have the mystery of that peculiar monogram ex plained; hut he knew that there would be amp:e opportunity for that later on, while, if the ornaments should prove to be con- t nected with her past In any way, she a might become as excited over them as she had previously over his locket, and he did g not wish his party to become at all con pincus again on bhoard the Campania. a " No, I do not believe it will be best, at e least just at present," he finally remarked. "I think the least said about them the better, until after you have restored the one now in your keeping to its owner. And r, whet yon have your own back again you e can show it to her and aek if she possesses s any knowledge regarding it." "I wish you would take charge of the a precious things for me," said Dorothy, a look cf anxiety iitting over her fair face. b "I rhall be in constant fear of losing them again." "I do not wonder; they are a heavy true: for any one," said her companion, with a searching glance around. "Certainly I will relieve you of the charge, only it will d be sifer for you to wait until we go below before giving them to me; it would not do tt to have any one know that they are in the pose.ssion of either of us. Now rest," e a added, in alighter tone, and smiling fondly " upon her, " while I go to find auntie. I will bring her to you, then I muast look e' after her traps and mine, for we areatmest e' in port. See! yonder is the statue of 'LLiberty I' " G ving the hand he was holding a linger ng clasp, he went in search of Miss For teeque, whom he met on the stairs, just coming up from her state-room, where she had been putting her belongings in order b for landing. " Did you think I had deserted you en tirely P" he smilingly inquired. " No; I knew where you were," she re soorded, with a twinkle in her black eyes as she observed his radiant face. "I reckon it's all right now between you and at year other Der.:thy." a "Yes," said Archielaulhing outright at her way of putting it, " and I have a long and interesting story to relate to you when c we cave time. I was just coming to find t you. in order to introduce you to each a other before we leave the steamer." si He gave the old lady his arm and con dctd her to Dorothy. After making them f, acquainted, he left them together and went cs below to look after their baggage. t A- hour later they were sil comfort- o bly setted for the night in a convenient hotel down town, where, early the next at morning, Dorothy could easily procure a cI suitable outfit for travelling, and thus si enable her to return to Claremont without at beilg disagreeably conspicaouo; for she p had been abducted in a white flannel outing suit, which had, of coarse, been somewhat ti roughly used, during her varied ox- ot perionces. at Archie, as he had contemplated doing. had given Henry Carson into the hands of r a policeman immediately after the arrival of the Campania in port, a Se had also explained the clroumstances of the robbery at Claremont, in connection ai with the charge of abduction, and begged ac that some one might be detailed to conduot aI the prisoner thither to compel his pre- of sence at the examination which was ap pointed for the following morning. a Taia requat was, of course, granted, and so at as early an hour as possible the whole i party left New York for the fashionable Ii watering-place, where so much excitement a and interest prevailed in view of the pond log examination and Mr Waldjnar'e on- ri comfortable predicament in connection it wih it. They would have arrived that evening a but for a serious accident which occarred ti on the road. A freight train, which had preceded n them by an hour or more had been de railed and had so blocked the way that they b found it Impossible to go on for many hours, and thus they were obliged to remain b over night at a small country inn. b This unforeseen casualty caused Archie f and Dorothy considerable anxiety, epe- a cially as there was no telegraph o~ae In the place, and it was not possible to wire Mr V Waldmar that Dorothy would not fall to make her appearance at court, although she q might be rather late in doing so. By working diligently ol night theroead P gang were enabled to clear the traOk, so that the pessnger train could go on, and it was a groat relief to the wearied .nd h anxions travellers to be onoe more on theIr Ipon their arrival at Clarement. Miss Fortesqae, who was almost ill from her alsepirs night on a comfortla bed, decided b to go diretly to the hotel, while ircble and Dorothy, followed by the eicer anP c his prisoner, together with Sarah Ann Atlenn and her husband, who had been brought en as wottnese-a-turned their steps towards the local court-heose. We know how they reached the court house just as ]orothy's counsel had risen to make the humiliating confeEslon that his client had mjhterlously disappeared, and the m oot diligent search had tailed to diaoover her whereabouts. How they were received with almost deafening oppleee ; how the beautif?ol girl went forward to the witness stand, where she composedly submitted to a aticsl examinatiog, and tinally, to the a rntcment of the multiude produced r Mrs Van Stein's missing necklcs and pendant. ± n proof of the testimony which she had Thisr brings us aeck to thu scent in the ocert.room, when Dorothy's counsel tre, with the atones in his hands, whole Henry Carson, who was sieting hand. 0 cuffed beside the t boer in charge of him, in the rear of the room, muttered a startled oath as he also caught sight of them. I He had been in a territle state of mind i on acount of them ever since his arroest. -le had not, as Arcote had suggested to Dorothy, recognised his revolver in her I hbrds, and had not been able to account for I 0 her having had it, except upon the onppoci- I tion that the stewardess might hove proe. I viled her with it; therefore he imagined the precious necklace to be ctil concealed beneath the matrelss in his berth on toard fe bad hoped to ho able is comrmunlcoto, in some way, with a "pI,', to got him to steal aboard the yacht and recoro the jewels; and then, in cast he could manage to he would still have a fortune in his uPeooeelOo to make lift a pleasuro in .smu foreign country; b?t their unexpected ,pperance in the court-room blighted this hope and told him that he had been moat s ikolflly outwitted by avery clever girl, ,,H i8,l0your honor, jare;Ithe .reof|lOf which Miss Wellington has spoken," the lawler announced, with as much apparent calmness and unnoncern as if be had known all along and had even planned this remark able denouement instead of being as much amazed as any one, by the startling de. velopments of the morning. Another ringing cheer went echoing through the couat-room at this revelation. Mrs Van Stein arose to her feet with a cry of joy and leaned eagerly forward to aseare bhes. lf that the glittering stones were reolly hers. while her husband also mani. fested no little exoitement. Bat his bonor's gavel came down apon his desk with a thundering rap, and when somethiog of order was restored, the jewels were passed up for his examination. after whi. they were also submitted to Mr and Mrs Van Stein and the lserk from Tiffany's for aientifiOation. W nen this had been established beyond a doubt, Dorothy was nalled upon to relate how she had happened to come in posseslion of them, and the most intense interest pre. valled while she was telling her thrilling story. Her narrative, up to the point of her rescue by the captain of the Campania, was csrr.lborated in every partiuonlar by Mrs Allen, while Archie also vouched for the corre tness of her statements regarding the tsngle scene upon the deck of the yacht, and her transfer to the steamer. When the long oxemination was over. Dorothy's counsel briefly summed up the evidence in her favor, which, he claimed, was too conclusive to call for any remarks, except for form's sake, and closed by saying that Miss Wellington, Instead of being gnilty of the crime of which she had been sccned, had proved herself a heroine in her rffor:e to recover and protect the stolen jawel, and was therefore entitled not only to the gratitude of the owners and the admiration of every one, but also to the very liberal reward whioh had been offered for 'he restoration of the costly stonos. II t ast down amid enthusiastio applause; and as the opposlog counsel had nothing to offar in response, the charge against Dorothy wa, promptly dismissed. Then the court was :mmediately adjourned until his honor o•?li decide what action to take with re'erenee to the real oriminal, who was at onre ordered to the county gaol to await his tria!. It may as well be stated here that he was convistad on both charges-abdnution and theft-and sentenced to fifteen years at bard labor in the State prison at Sing Sing. 