CHAPTER IX. The Tragedy in the Storm, Edward returned to Iloxhurst that evening, con scious of a mental uneasiness. He could not ac count for it, except upon the hypothesis of un usual excitement. His mind had simply failed to react. And yet to his sensitive nature there was something more. Was it the conversation with Eldridge and the sudden dissipation of his error concerning Gerald, or did it dato to the meeting in the club? There was a discord somewhere. He became conscious after awhile that he had fail ed to harmonise with his new acquaintances, and that among these was Colonel Montjoy. He seenN ed to feel an ache as though a cold wind blew upon his heart. If he had not made that unfortunate remark about the negro! He acquitted himself very readily, but bo could not forget that terrible sil ence. He bad heard how tenderly the race ques tion was handled in the south, and something like a proper appreciation of the situation grew within him when he considered thc political equality of the two races and the eager reaching out of the newly-enfranchised for social equality and recog nition. "I have great sympathy for the negro," he had said. What he meant was that, secure in her power and intelligence, her courage and ad vancement, the south could safely concede much to the lower class. That is what he felt and be lieved, but he had not said it that way. He would say it to-morrow to Colonel Montjoy, and explain. He felt that he had reached the solution of his disquiet, because relief followed the resolution. And then sitting in the little room, which began to exert a strange power over him, he reviewed in mind the strange history of the people whose lives had begun to touch his. The man downstairs, sleeping off the effects of the drug, as he had ascer tained, taken to dull and overpower a feverish brain that had all day struggled with new prob lems; what a life his was! Educated beyond the scope of any single university, Eldridge had said, and yet a child, less than a child! What romance, what history, what tragedy behind those restless eyes! And sleeping down yonder by the river, in that eternal silence of the city of the dead, the old lawyer, a mystery living, a mystery dead! What a depth of love must have stirred the bosom ol' the man to endure in silence for so many years for thc sake of a fickle girl! What forgiveness! Or was it revenge? This idea (lashed upon Edward with the suddenness and strength of an inspira tion. Revenge! What a revenge! And the wo man, was she living or dead And if living, were her eyes to watch him, Edward Morgan, and his conduct? Where was the father, and why was the grandfather ignorant or silent? Then he turn ed to his own problem. That was an old story. As he sat dreaming over these things, his eyes fell upon the fragmentary manuscripts, and almost idly he began to read the briefs upon them. One was inscribed "The Storm," and it seemed to be the bulkiest. Opening it, he began to read, falling a victim to tho crisp, terse style of the dead author. Before he knew it he was interested. The chapter read: "Not a zephyr stirred the expectant elms. They lifted their anns against the starlit sky in sha dowy tracery and motionless ns a forest of coral in the tideless depths of a southern sea. Nature neither sighed nor smiled; she was silent. If the streets had not at intervals echoed the prattle of childish voices a chill would have struck to the heart, through the summer-ghost evening that had crept into winter. "The cloud still rose. "It was a cloud, indeed. It stretched across the west, far into north and south, its base lost in the shadow, its upper line defined and advancing swiftly, surely, flanking the city, and shutting out the stars with its mighty wings. "Far down the west the lightning began to tear the mass, but still the spell of silence remained. A vague terror grew with the cloud's soundless ad vance. Nature is more frightful in her silences than in her voices; there is something in the most furious sea thundering upon the rocks, in the rush and roar of tho most forceful of tempests, In the lightning when at havoc, that stimulates and en thuses after the first shock. Men tosB arms, and shout, and become a part of the tumult. The ele ments within them leap to the mother call. "Not so with her silence. All within us seems to be drawn into it, and toward the absoluteness of silence, which is death. But when this strange hush is combined with terrific action, when the .vast forces are so swift as to outrun sound, tlien, indeed, seems death armed with weapons of des truction, and the chill of fear leaps forth. "So on this night came the Btorm, resistless, silent. In mid-waters it was horn. Where the currents of two oceans meet, and the sea swims its drift, in eternal circles, gathered these winds. There they fought and contended, and vexed.the waters in frightful carnival, as the vandals of old, preparing for eruptive war, mingled their ranks in savage conflict and mad anticipation of coming or gies. "One day the whirling storm, whitening the idle sea, swung northward, spread its wings, and rush ed to war. Nothing checked it. Ruin marked its path! "So came on the cloud. Now the city was half surrounded, its walls scaled. Half the stars were gone. Some of the flying battalions had even rushed past! "But the elms stood changeless, immovable, asleep! "Suddenly, one vivid, crackling, tearing, deafen ing flash of intensest light split the gloom, and the thunder leaped into the city! It awoke then! Every foundation trembled! Every tree dipped furiously. Tho winds burst in. What a tumult! They rushed down the parallel streets and alleys, these barbarians; they came by the intersecting ways! They fought each other frantically for the spoils of the city, struggling upward in equal con flict, carrying dust, and leaves, and debris. They were sucked down by the hollow squares, they wept and mourned, they sobbed about doorways, they isang and cheered among the chimneys and the trembling vanes. Tiley twisted away great tree limbs, and hurled them far out into the spaces which the lightning hollowed in the night! They drove every inhabitant indoors, and tugged franti cally at the city's defences! They tore off shut ters, and lashed the housetops with the poor trees! "Peace and the stars were gone! Fury reigned! "The focus of the battle was the cathedral! It was the citadel. Here were wrath and frenzy and despair! The winds swept around and upward, with measureless force, and at times seemed to lift the great pile from its foundations. But it was the lashing trees that deceived the eye; it stood immovable, proud, strong, while the evil ones hurled their maledictions and screamed defiance at the very door of God's own heart. "In vain! In a far-up niche stood a weather beaten saint-the warden. Around him the storm spent its fury, in impotence. In the lightning's flare the face seemed to wear a smile of triumph! The hand of God upheld him and kept the citadel, while unseen forces swung the great bell to voice his faith and trust amid the gloom! "Then came the deluge, huge drops, bullets al most, in fierceness, shivering each other until the street lamps seemed set in driving fog through which the silvered missiles flashed horizontally a storm travelling within a storm. "But when the tempest weeps, its heart is gone. Hark! -"Tis the voice of the great organ; how grand, how noble, how triumphant! One burst of melody louder than the rest breaks through the storm, and mingles with the thunder's roar. Tho deepened tones rise under the strain, and bear it away under the now chanting winds. The barbarians, as they roll their ranks into ether lands, are singing the songs of tho Roman de fender.-! they could not overwhelm. "Look! A woman! She has come, whence God alone may know! She totters toward the cathedral; a step more and she is safe, but it ls iH-:ver taken! One other frightened life has sought the sanctuary. In the grasp of the tempest it ha« travelled with widespread wings; a great white sea-bird, like a soul astray in the depths of passions. It falls into the eddy, struggles wearily toward the lights, whirls about the woman's head, and sinks, gasping, dying at her feet. The God-pity rises within her, triumphing over fear and mortal anguish. She stands mo tionless a moment; she dees not take the wan derer to her bosom, she cannot! The winds have stripped the cover from the burden in her arms! It is a child's collin, pressed against her bosom. The moment of safety is gone! In the next a man. the seeming incarnation, the demon of the storm itself, springs upon her, tears the burden from her, and disappears like a shadow within a shf-dew! "Within the cathedral they are celebrating the birth of Christ. Without, the elements repeat the scene when the veil of the temple was rended; celebrating a birth within, the birth of a child in a manger; while at the cathedral door, the storm beating her down, with not even the shelter of a manger, lay a woman in mortal agony. "The storm had passed. The sounds that came to the ear out of the night were from dripping eaves and trickling rain rills. The lightning still blazed vividly, but silently now, and at each iiafel' the scene stood forth an instant as though some mighty artist was making pictures with magresium. A tail woman, who had crouched as one under the influence of an overpowering terror near the inner door, now crept to the outer, beneath the arch, and looked fearfully alt ut. She went down the few steps to the pavement. Suddenly in the transient light a faco looked up into hers from her feet; a face that seemed not human. The features were convuls ed, the eyes set. With a low cry the woman slipped her arms under the figure on the pave ment, lifted it as though it were that of a child, and disappeared in the night. The face that had looked up was as white as the lily at noon; the face bent in pity above it was dark as the lef.ves of that lily scattered upon the sod." Edward read this anti smiled as he laid lt aside, and continued with thc other papers. They were brief sketches and memoranda of chapters; some times a single sentence upon a page, just as his friend, De Maupassant, used to jot them down one memorable summer when they lingered toge ther along the Riviera, but they had no connec tion with "The Storm," and the characters there in suggested. If they belonged to the same nar rative the connections were gone. Wearied at last, he took up his violin, and be gan to play. It is said that improvisers cannot but run back to the music they have written. "Calvary" was his masterpiece, and soon he found himself lost in its harmonies. Then by easy steps there rose in memory, as he played, the storm and Gerald's sketch. He paused abruptly, and sat with his bow idle upon the strings, for in his mind a link had formed between that'sketch and the chapter he had just read. He had felt the story was true when he read it. r The lawyer had Bald John Morgan wrote from life'. Here was the first act of a drama in the life of a child, and the last perhaps in the life of a woman. And that child under the influence of music had felt the storm scene flash upon his memory, and had drawn lt. The child was Gerald Morgan. Edward laid aside the violin for a moment, and. silenced by the rush of thoughts that came with this realisation, went into the front rocín, threw open the shutters, and loosened his cravat. Something seemed to press upon his throat, to suffocate him, as he struggled against the ad mifsion of this irresistible conclusion. But in vain did his mind seek escape. Overwhelmed with tho significance of the discovery, he exclaimed aloud, "It was an inherited memory." But if the boy had been born under the circum stiirces set forth in the sketch who was the man, and why should he have assaulted the woman who bore the child's collin? And what was she doing abr; ad under such circumstances? The man and the woman's object were hidden perhaps for ever. But not so the woman: the artist had given her features and as for the other woman, the author had said she was dark. How curi ously the testimony fitted in! There was In Gerald's mind picture no dark woman; only tue girl with the coffin, the arch above, and the faint outlines of bending trees! 