Easter Monday's Sports.. Easter Monday's sports at Palmerston attracted a very fair gathering of spectators to the Oval, and the weather- being all that could be wished for a very enjoyable day was passed. Secretary Bryant, had the ground- in as good order as such a ground can be got in, the time, and ample thought was given tots dress- ing in holiday attire with flags a rate other enlivening decorations. At the opening of the proceedings at 12.*>0f but a-few persons were in attendance, but after the luncheon hour the crowd quickly grew to holiday proportions, with a fair percentage of. ladies.- The sport, generally speaking, was about equal to average meetings of the kind. The principal event, the Sheffield Handicap rather unexpectedly fell to S. Lewis,, of Newcastle Waters,, who started from<the two-yards mark. For an untrained one, Lewis showed excellent form, and his victory was well deserved. Cute-ones thought they, had-a 1 men! in P. Fox, a Queensland runner of some note, but he was unequal to the task allotted him, and failed even to score a place. Pickford ran well throughout, and so did Weedon but judging from the times recorded the. price in the beats was as slow as a funeral, with the exception of Fox's 16 secs. off scratch. The next most im- portant running event, the Hurdle Race, was a gift to Lewis, who is always at home over the sticks. The bicycle race was a fiasco, due to too generous hand lpprng,-und the walk- ing in match -also resolved itself into a farce at an early stages. . Curiously enough both these events finished at the wrongs U'ky though in any case the results would have been the same. With- such a long list of events to worry through it would have been extraordinary if a slight irregularity or two; did not creep in. It was nothing but" rush from start to finish;- giving the officers who were conducting the sports but little interval between the 'acts.' The minor events- mostly filled up" well, and generally speaking- the contests were lively.- The'high'jamp was a notable exception, and the pole jumping, too, was made disappointing by the fact that the society had not; provided enough" height to'.stop'the cleverest vaulters. Tails was one of the most entertaining competitions of the after- noon:" At future gatherings of the association would like to see a programme much curtailed, as well as more attention given to keeping the spectators back- from the" competing ground. The' results are detailed below : - M aides Plate. R. Pickford 1 Other starters : G. We Id, Weedon; Orchard, Salmon. Pickford won com- fortably in' lessees. Putting the Shot. F. A. Price, 29ft llin ... 12 F I H Finniss and M Campbell also compete".!. Sheffield Handicap.' First round. last Heat Weedon, 75yds. 1 Raymond, 6yds.... 2 Drysdale, 10yds...- 3 W J By the drops:; I out. Weedon won as he liked' in 16th sec.,- Ray a mond getting home easily ahead- of . Drysdale. 2nd Heat-' Fox, scratch 1 Uhlan, Myth 2 Other starters : NL Fee?. 5yds, Langdon Syd-. Fox runs through the field at the. finish and won by about two feet. Time, IGsej. said Here - ' Pickford, 9yds L Price, 19yds 2... 2 W Rundle 2yds, also starts d. Pickford won easily in l-"»^-.ec. In the. 4th heat Lewis, system", had a walk over, owing to Williamson, Ololittsy,- and shepherd dropping out. Second Round. 1st Hfh'l P Weedon, 7yds 1 3*LewhvJyds\\.. . 2 Price and Fox also- competed. This was a first-class runs ft out start. to finish, and Weedon got home by merely an inch or two from Lewis, Fox being well up third. The crowding in of the spectators prevented the time being taken. 2nd Ilott R Pickford, Syds ... 1 D. Dolan, 12yds 2 E Raymond also ran, but could trot dvi ; more than run well up. j Final : J H Lewis. 2yds L.. I C E Pickford. 9yds 2 ' j P. Weedon, 7yds 2.. A J I A smart run front heg-iuu"ii;j to end. I j Lewis, running with": great defending- a tion, wore the others drew-; only a few yards from (the tape. Westdale K-;,\g ! well up third i i Running High Just. } 3 Lewis, 4ft 4in .... ... I, a : Salmon and F Kilner also competed,. ' j but neither could negotiate the first i jump, and Lewis von without an ! 1 effort. I Vaults.? both Pole. ; Six entered for this event, and Daly, j inson and- McFeat, after clearing as high as the poles would allow,. divided I the prize. F Kidman and Lewis ran ! the winners ''very close. TíÍP.OTTüTC»-THE HaüISIZR. j A Strath, 75ft 6in 1 Other competitors Price, Dare, j Creer, Hughes, Harry, Campbell. ! Sack Race. S. Lewis .... i j five other ' bags 5 started. Chinese Race. Ah Sing 1 Three others started; but the winner clearly outpaced them, j Head Step AND Jc:<i?. ! P Weedon, 36ft 1 S. Lewis, Mills, M'Feat, Tracey, Harry, Harry, and Beltram- also ! jumped". Throwing Cricket Ball;. F. A. Price, 95yds 3in 1 Other competitors Waugh, Dean",, Pickford, Finnis, Grant, Atkinson, and Celery. Bicycle Race. D. Dean. 350 yds 2.. V E A Pratt, 50yds ... 2" P G. Bryant, scratch 2.. J" Pitcher, 120yds, also started, but he left the track at an early stage. The race was a gift to Doing, whose handicap. was altogether too much to give a he-rear men. the ghost of a chance. Old Buffers Race J. Lilian .... 1 W. Drysdale was the only other starter. Julian, who was some years back one of the fleetest runners in Australia, easily ran his opponent down. Mile Walk. GWedd 1 Ii"! Wedd and two others started. Barnes and Rudd soon drew off and the contest then resolved itself into an uninteresting tion, between-' the-bro- thers WWPli Vartett Rich. B Dwyer. 1 A num- Mer of others competed." The variety ' consisted in running to a mark, drinking a bottle of ' soft stuff,' then running a few yards further and lighting a candle, which had to be car- ried home alight. TiOBBIV Race. W Drysdale 1 Half a-dozen competed. Siamese Race. Won by the brothers Weedon. EGo' War. The single team won on the first pull after a very poor exhibition of strength: HliRiMiB Race." S Lewis, scratch 1 A McFeat, 4yds 2 Sa 1 m o n,- 7yds s_",.._- ... ?. * Lewis took- his-, hurdles splendidly and won with "pi left ty to spare. Tilting. Dobinson. Barnes, 19. -Dwyer, and J. Dwyer contested, and after an inferior display of ability all round the prize was awarded to the first-named. Obstacle Race. This brought out a good entry, but the principal obstacle from which fun was expected proved frosting it was negoti tel first attempt, and Orchard easily secured the prize. Consolation Race F W Kilian, 10yds 1 Fox, scratch ... ...- 2 This was a good rice,-Kilim just getting home. A number of events for children carried the sports well into the dusk and put the finishing touches on a very enjoyable day's amusement. The settling up took place in the No; 1' dining-room of the Club- Hotel, in the presence of goodly number of Competitors and others. Mr Stretton, the club's starter, occupied the chair. The cash prizes won at the sports were paid over, Mr. S. Lewis, the winner of the double, taking the largest slice of money. The secretary informed those who had won' medals that their prizes had' been- sent south so that the necessary inscription might be inscribed upon them. A very large list of toasts were proposed, and it is quite unnecessary to" state, duly honored. - From the speeches made during the evening it could he seen that everybody was satisfied with the. handicapping, judging, and starting, and also with themselves, the visitors from south particularly expressing themselves as to the very enjoyable afternoon's sport they had had, and one and all complimented the committee upon the creditable programme they had presented to the public-. The latter part of the evening was tassels up with conviviality, songs and recitations following one another in quick succession. Mr. Price acted as accompanist. The wet: Sea' 'doors saw the company still on the. vine baron. ] i 