A NOVEL CANDIDATE. AUDACIOUS PROPOSALS. [To tho eleotors of Williarastown, per favor of the Editor of tho Advertiser.] Gentlemen,—I beg to'announce myself n a candidate for your suffrages at the coming election. I am induced to take this Btep after reading in the Melbourne press the report of the mass meeting of the railway employes in the Gaiety Theatre on Sunday last. I read the report to ray Emmer, and ahe said to me3“John” says she, “could you do nothing for these poor over-worked, under- paid and oppressed men. See here “ John" says she “ you are an old and respected resident of the town ; never oppress poor tenants for rent; I can’t see but what you are as well entitled to a seat in Parliament as either of the other coves, who are aspiring to that dignity.” She did indeed. Thus encouraged by my Emmer I at once decided, and hereafter follows my political programme:—I will ubs the full force of my intelligence and influence in the House to have the very moderate schedule of wages set forth at meeting above referred to made absolute by Parliament, with some necessary amendments. For instance, I don't consider 6s 6d per day sufficient remuneration for a lady gatekeeper, who would perhaps have to open and shut a gate .five or six times a day and would necessarily require an assistant. I would therefore make her pay 13s per day. (a) I would at once give notice of motion that,' government being by the people for the good of tne people, the railway employes are now and shall henceforth be the people. (b) That those outside the Railway Department are now and henceforth shall be known as the public. That they shall have no voice relative to the pay or expenses of the people. That their business will be merely cash up and keep their mouth shut. (c) That the people being prevented from smoking in the sheds, a quarter of an hour bo granted them in the fore and afternoon, with a snpply of daily papers to read in a con venient place while smoking. (d) That it is a public scandal that trades people of the public should be allowed to sue employes for debt, driving them so frequently into the Insolvency Court. (e) That a special Court of Insolvency is therefore required by the people, and that the judge of such court shall grant any member of such people who is unwilling to pay his lawful debts, au unconditional certificate without inquiry. (f) That if the railways earn in any one year more thanjis sufficient for the payment of the working, such snrplus be divided among the employes pro rala upon the amount of their (g) That the free pass system be freely extended. It is now limited to those who are in, and have been in the service, together with their friends and relatives during the term of their lives. I should have them extended so that if any number of them, like Hamlet’s ghost, burst their! cerements and revisited the glimpses of the moon, they should have their passes renewed. (b) That if Mathieson refuses to endorse these proposals he be ordered to pack up his swag and go. There are several other improvements and indulgences which I intend to advocate, which I will explain at my first meeting, which will shortly be announced by the tongue of the bell. I read the foregoing to my Emmer. She said " Well done, John, you were always so good. And I am sure that will catch on to the lads in the shops, as neithor of the other cores can kick so high for their support as you have.” She did indeed. Soliciting your I able support, also Mr Jbiditor. -A am, youra, 