? Fine. Clear. Bijou. Bracing. Silver, 2s. 2Jd. Theatre Royal. Well done, King. Slanders refuted. Both Houses again. All about a shiliing. A litigious playgoer. Valetta off to London. Wood, M.P., diffident. The King in explanation. Rhodes has some friends. The Jap is ruffling Uncle Sam. A "strike" at the Gawler Court. SbipDing brisk at Port Adelaide. Fumigation is cheaper than soap. "Licensed Vampires'Association.™ " Confusion"—for three nights only. O.B.I, ninth anniversary on Friday. Barometer at 10 o'clock to- day, .30"23. Parliamentary safety valve employed. We shall soon have a now Art Gallery. Indignant suitors at the Gawler Court. Stoddart gradually making up his team. A new steamer for the Australian trade. O'Malley had a big innings on Tuesday. Massilia had a very small passenger-list. Mr. Stirling's Federal Fees Bill defeated. Overflowing house at the Bijou last night. Adelaide is just now the refuge of criminals. Doctors differ over the utility of quarantine. KiDg O'Malley has lost some of his adjectives. Many of our blacks fall victims to pneumonia. Meeting at Hindmarsb to-night re deep drainage. Jubilee day was kept up with enthusiasm on theRacd. A colonist of ISS'Jgone—Mr. Joseph Mercer, of Magill. Duke and Duchess of Ycrk to spend a month in Ireland. Departure for London of Lady Gormanston postponed. Little Robinson says the nastiest things "m all charity." Satisfactory relations between the Transvaal and England. " Henry V." responsible for a fuss concerning a shilling. Three boys abasonded from the Magill Reformatorv. An English yacht has arrived in South Australian waters. Hon. Dr. Campbell says the Conventionists are not overpaid. Mr. C. H. Angas will soon be one of our active yachtsmen. A big majority in favour of the report of the Rand Committee. Eldest son of Lady Gormanston laid up with scarlet fever. Just fancy tbe "victim addressing him "My Dear King." The Valeria is the name of Mr. C. H. Angas's new vach4. . . The Port Albert is the latest addition to the Australian fleet. Monster anti-codlin-naoth-regulations deputation this morning. The first news of Reynard's presence is not welcome to the farmer. Two foxes reported to have been seen in the vicinity of Cape Jervis. Even at Church the Eingstonites cannot escape the earthquakes. Public Health Bill finished -with by the Central Board of Health. No doubt that Reynard is trying to spread himself all over Australia. Yesterday the Council adjourned at 6.50 and the Assembly at 11.7 p.m. Kingston churchgoers were disturbed by earth tremors last Sunday. Ebby admits that he has greatly changed his views on woman's suffrage. Unhappily very few days pass without a mining accident being recorded. Parson Cann telling the Barnerites that they shouldn't break the Sabbath. The Kingston people feel that they have had quite enough of earthquakes. Charleston and McGregor adopted peculiar attitudes to the Federal Fees Bill. Tho King declined to be the ghost of the wisdom of the departed CMalleys. Jamie Howe has no patience with Ward's speech on the Commonwealth Bill. Sun rose at fi.46 a.m.; sets at 4.58 p.m. Moon rose at 5.42 a.m.; sets at 3.31 p.m. A Port Piriean almost disappeared beneath the mud. and next morning was fined £2. Mr. Arnot was afraid ft would be impossible to knock any sense in Dr. Cockbum. O'Malley's hatred of the liquor trade has been fanned into a stronger flame than ever. Mac complained of the " unjust division of bonuses" in the Government Printing Office. The little bronze black boys at Mount Serle wear nothing that "one could stick a pin in." Magic, music, mirth, and mystery at the Bijou. The cinematograph pictures at the Bijou were redemanded with a monotonous regularity. No wonder that Gawlerites protest against the absence of Magistrates when a case is called on. " I don't think there is a Minister who cares twopence about the Federation Bill," eaid Homburg. Dick Wood thinks an alliance might be entered into between Sir John Downer and McPherson. _ _ Mother—"Have you read the Three L. s, my son?" Fred—"I only thought there was one, mother." Congratulations for King O'Malley on having cleared himself from the aspersions of "the trade." Housebreaking and forging are the offences of some "distinguished visitors" from the other colonics. The fashion for cycling in Paris has already administered the coup dcjracc to the fashion for tight-lacing. . The'system followed in England is medical inspection, and this is what Dr. Borthwick would prefer here. The King talks of demanding that Mr. Chittleborough should be called to the bar of the House to explain. Tho King talks about orovinciabsm and parochialism, and then points to the Murray as a site for a federal city! , Ail dogs, goats, sheep, or poultry found trespassing on the IIapuy Valley Reservoir Reserve will be destroyed. Large and representative meeting at Payneham codlin last night moth disapproved regulation?. entirely with the new From an American standpoint. Sir Richard Baker is a Democrat of Democrats, because that partv upholds State rights. "It was the House's duty to protect members," said the King, who, however, is well able to look after himself. As a rule the " M:m in the Street considers that fumigation is not only cheaper, but that it is more efficacious than soap. Rowe—Woman is much more conservative than man. Mr. Guthrie—Much more sympathetic, thousrh. Howe—Yes, and a good job for the world she is so. Ebbv said his Federal election expends cost him £S, and ho was delighted with the number of votes he polled. Gordon—" loii didn't look so at the time." From whatever point of view one:regards the svstem of quarantine which prevails in Australia, it is obviously defective and therefore capable of improvement. Labour member for North Adelaide preached free trade, and in this connection held up Reid to praise and Kingston, " the Dictator of Australia," to censure. If a Parliamentary' party visit tbe pastoral country in September, it is to be hoped that thev will not be content to see the country from the window of the railway carnage. Some doctors favour rigid inspection with an increase in the period of quasi-imprisonment; others think that, far too much fuss is made over the risk of disease being imported and propagated here. . There is a great deal in the contention that an elaborate svstem of quarantine creates a frdsp feeling of "security and encourages loose methods of sanitation on shore, and generally a want of precaution asrair.st infection. Women norrnaHv eonstitutr-d will find that cvcling is a form of exercise which, so far from being unwomanly, is one of the best antidotes to the unnatural conditions which modern civilization almost enforces upon the gentler sex. The impression which commonly prevails is that an almost insurmountable barrier has been raised asrsinst smallpox—that, as the authorities delight in " fumigating" the traveller on the slightest suspicion, there is no need to apply the sanitary sorii") on land In order to establish medical inspection. Dr. Borthwirk says it would be necessary to have compulsory notifications of infectious diseases, isolation hospitals, disinfection apparatus and staff, comnuisory and effective vaccination, and general sanitary activity. The "leak»?e" which has taken place when smallpox patients have slipped in and resided amontrst their friends, warrants the warning that " smallpox cannot be excluded from this colony on account of tho increasing speed of ocean communication, and for other reasons." 