Diamond Jubilee. Universal Thanksgiving. Tho Governor lias receiveil a despatch from tho Secrotmy of Stuto (Mr. Ohnmhsrlnin) en closing cupios of n form of prayer with tlumlKjrivini; to Almighty Go;l, "to bo used iu all churches nnd chapels in l-nland und Wales and in tho town of Bcrwiok-upou- Twced," upon Sunday, Juno 20, 1S97. Tills was ordered to ho prepared by tho Archbishop of Cnnlerbury, at a meeting of tho Privy Counotl hold at Whitehall on March 30, 1897. The form of service usual for Sundays will bo followed, with certain exceptions ns to psalm and lessons. Aftor tho iirst eolleofc nt morning: or evening prayer, tho following collect shall bo used O God, which providest for Thy people by Thy power, and rulesfc over tlicni in loyo, grant unto Thy servant our Queen tho spirit of wisdom and government, that beinjy devoted unto Thuo with all her heart, she ma> £o wisely govern this kingdom, that in her timo tho church may bo iu safety und Christian devotiou may contumo in pcaco ; that so, persevering in good works unto the end, she may by Thy guiclanoo coma to Tluno over- lasting kingdom, through Jesus Christ Thy Son onr Lord, who liveth and rc-ignetb with Theo nud tho Holy Ghost ever ono God, world without end. Amen. Other prayers to bo used arc taken from tbo "Service for Accession Day" in the Book of Common Prayer. After thc general thanksgiving the following thanksgiving is to he offered O Lord, our heavenly Father, wo givo Thee heurty thanks for tho many blessings which Tliou hast bestowed upon us during the sixty years of the happy reign of our gracious Queen Victoria. Wo thank Thee for pro gress mado iu knowledge of Jhy marvellous woilcs, for increase of com fort givcu to human life, fur kindlier feeling botween rioh and poor, for wonderful preaching of tho gospel to many tuitions, and we pray Theo that these and all other Thy gifts may bo long continued to us and to our Queen, to tho glory of Thy holy name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Archdeacon David, as administrator of the Anglican dinccso of Brisbane, 1ms notiffed tho clergy of theso prayers and thanksgiving, and probably thoy will bo used iu all Churches of lingland 'on Sunday next. 