EERIE GHOST LEGENDS. Near tbe Forton Barracks, Gosport, tho hsad- quortors of the ltoyal Marine Light Infantry, lies an interesting memento of tlio old French War.a walled-in space whore lie buried countless prisoners wbo-died dnnog captivity. Most of the graves are nameless mounds, but there nro three headstones. The inscriptions upon these aro nearly, undecipherable ; one bears tbe nsme of Eugene — (tho remainder cannot be read). This spot is sacred, no one ever entere it ; but alougside, in o smaller walled space, convicts were buried, and this is utilised as a practice ground for buglers, for here is tbo-most out-of- way corner obtainable for practice, and dia bolical are the noises that tbe learners make. A hundred years is a long time ; it is iotereit- iog, therefore, to note tbe respsot still paid to the graves of-brave Frenchmen in a place where space is very- valuable. All sorts of legends crowd around this lonely spot. It'is, sf coarse, haunted ; and in the old days, no sentry there would keep at his post at midnight. Flogging as a preventive of the terror-was useless, and eventually the sentries had to be doubled, Nowudays tho ghost is seldom seen, and -even when it appears no two accounts agree no to what its form may be. Its -iotestsuthenticated appoaraneo waa at the time of tho lsat fenisn soars, shout fifteen years age, when a guild waa established to look after tbe magazine hard by, and tho sentries had orders to shoot say one who did not halt at the ohal- leu je. It was on a winter evening, deep snow npon the ground, and all bad gone well till after midnight. Then suddenly, there came a sentry's challenge, and almost- immcdiatelys-a report of a rifle, followed sbortly by another. The guard turned out, rsoing hither aod thither iu the snow, raising a hue and ery tirst in this direc tion, then in that. At last things settled .down, end when the captain of the guard investigated the matter, be learned from tbe septry tbat a largo black " Thing " bad jumped over the graveyard wall and run at him on all fsura when be challenged. Ho fired, whereupon tbe " Thing " rose to ita feet, and running sometimes on oil fours, sometimes up right, rushed towards the creek fqliowed by tbe sentry and the guard. Arrived at tbe creek it plunged in, breaking -the ice, and' though tho pursuers waited long nothing was ever seen ef it again. Tho captain, but half believing the story, . jot thinking tbst same attempt may have been made, went aud looked for traces of tbe footsteps, wbioh' wore visiblo enough in tbe moonlight. And now comes the extraordinary part of the story. . For twenty yards thoro would be a man's footprints, thou, for a space, those of a large animal ; sometimes tbe one, sometimes the other, but never the two \- together 1 Thus the Fortoa mystery. . Tho ice win broken and-theoicsk dragged tho next day, but nothing woe ever found. No satisfactory solu tion has ever been discovered, for tbo footprints began auddeuly in the centre of tho old borial ground, and led thence to the magazine, some- simea man sua sometimes oeast, until uiey ended on the shore of the oresk. There are other ghost stories hanging around this spot, but they are;- mostly 'gruesome nod horrible, rather than -interesting. One, how ever, is worthy of mention- sinco ithas a path etic tenderness about it, -not usual in tbe ghost story, though it is-oulv remembered nowsdaya by live badgers "' after the second ! gallon. -Ones, long ago, the two esntriee were sarpriaed to see n woman coming toward them in the twilight. It seemod early for a ghost, aud while they atill pondered and hesitated she camo up to them and said somethisg in a foreign tongue. Spanish, they took it to-be. They tried.to explain -that' thoy did uot speak her language, but aho only smiled sweetly aud sully, and walked on. Thoy lost ber in tho gloaming, but presently aa they argued'whsther or no she wero a ghost, ono of them, the bolder of the two, pooped over tbe wall iato tbe burial grouud.and ssw-her standing over one of tbo graves. Aud beside her stood a Freooh officer in uniform, ao near that tbey could seehis face, aad-they saw him kiss tho woman ss she earns to him, and thoy heard him speaking words ot iovo. Thoroupou, the other sentry, who wss not a sontimentsl man, piuoksd up courage, snd > looking over tbo wall, too, -shouted out some coarse joke ; -and with the shouting both tho officer snd the lady vanished. Thereupon be fired, and- both of them ran for it, mooting tho guard before tbey faod-gono many steps, aud theaergeaot of tbo guard, own ing back with them, looked over tbe wall too. No one was visible, but on one of tho graves were eomo tall white tloweis tbat bad cot been there before. They dared not go nearer then ; but iu tbe daylight thoy went to iookelosor;. the flowere bad vanished; and ail that tbey ever found was n soiled piece of paper oo which was written, " Jusqn' S la motto— et apres." However, ghosts are never -ftson nowadays ; and they say that the bugler, and tbo vicious | rattle of the Maxim hsvb driven tbem sway. 