LITERATURE, REVIEWS. " THE LuDQATa."-The March number of this favourite magazine, received from Mr. W. C. Rigby, is an exceedingly good one. "The Beautiful Lady Tompkyns" is capital reading matter, and " Tho Fire of Stones" is a thrilling IriaU story, " Four Swaggers" tells all about camming out in a cold, comfort less bit of country in New Zealand describod as "neither lit for dog nor divil," and to make matters worse the Swaggers had run out of tobacco. An article on " BInck- and-White Artists of To-day," illustrated with sketches and photographs, is interesting; and one on " Chess in London," with portraits of tho principal exponents of the game, will delight tho hearts of chessplayers. T?here are p.everal pretty poems, and an article on "Boiler Explosions" is both instructive and intorosting. Tho illustrations on nearly every page aro beautifully executed. " TO-MOIIROW."-This monthly review opens with an article on the anti-Semitic movement by Cesare Lombroso. who considers tho pro posal that tho Jews should retire to Palestine impracticable, and that if there is to bo emi gration it should be directed towards modern centres, such as Australia or North America. A writer on "Economics of To-morrow" asserts that the veneration currently awarded to tho works of Adain Smith, Mill, Jevons, and others in tho nineteenth century will bo considerably discounted by scepticism in tho twentieth. " Mr. Patchett Martin co.ieludos an article on "Colonial Misfits" thus--" Better a billy of tea and a pipe of tobacco with some colonial misfit, who was a gentleman and a choieo soul, than all tho champagne and roast meats of the successful colonial millionaire of the Stock Exchange." A capital articlo on music by Louis Groin winds up the nuvnbor. A NEW Sixi'KN.vr RKVIKW.-1This now addition to the monthly journals 19 entitled the New Century Kivicw. It deals with literature, politics, religion, and sociology, and open3 with a scholarly contribution by the Rev. H. W. HorwilJ, M.A., on tiio Bible in State schools. Mrs. L. T. Meade, the popular authoress, advocates a school of fiction for tho training of -sucking novelists in hopes of bringing back tho happy old days when a novel was written for rest and refreshment, and not to point a moral or to expose a hideous leprosy in our midst. Mr. Edward Aveling, in an article on Charles Darwin and Karl Marx, predicts that tho nineteenth century will be best known to after centuries by these two names. Mary Hartier deals with Byron, and Edward Bowrnaker, M.D., with the housing of the working classes. " Education : Technical and Secondary," is good reading, and the number (March) concludes with sonio capital reviews. THE " PALL MALL MAGAZINE."-Tho April mimbor of this high-class monthly opens with a charmingly illustrated poem by Mackenzie Bel). Tho "Strange Adventures of Joan Archer" is strange indeed, and "The Breech ing of Sammy" is one of the most deliriously humorous Yankeo yarns that wo have read for many a day. An article on " Honiton L:ice" contains some beautiful pictures of that costly and delicate material, and "Dolores," by Arthur Applin, doals very prettily with the . "old, old story." "Tho Swell from tho \ H. F. H."is a rattling fox-hunting adventure told in rhyme, and most comically illustrated. "The Major Tactics of Chess." with geometric figures showing tho play of Zukertort, Morphy, and other champions, will appeal to lovers of tho game. The number, which in every re spect is a capital one, concludes with a well written sketch, "From a Cornish Window," written by Quiller Couch. " HISTORY OF MANKIND" (Maomillan & Co., London).-Part 17 of this elaborate work deals with tho dwarf races :of Africa and the negro in general. The photographic repro ductions and other illustrations aro of the highest character. "A New Eden," by_ Andrew Acworth (Ward, Lock, & Co., Limited, London). This adds yet anothor to tho many books -which have appeared lately describing the future. The scene is laid in an island in the Pacific in the year of grace 2090. A terrible anarchic upheaval has almost destroyed the civilization of the world, but on this island, which is in habited by the descendants of Socialists, who emigrated just before the convulsion, socialistic ideas have been carried to their ultimate end. It is all very wonderful, perfect, machinelike, and dreary. Tho book is taken up with the adventures of two men who reach the island from the old world in a yacht and wth de scriptions of the islanders' methods of carrying on life on pure socialistic principles. It is well written and full of ideas, but tho reader leaves it with a feeling that it is rather profit less literature. "Tho Story of Aline," by Mrs. Edward Ridley. A good society novel is always wel come, and in this tale of London life is one. Alni03t every pa?e of tho book proclaims Mrs. Ridiey to bo a krv-n and gifsH student of human nature. The subject cortainly is some What; painful. Aline is a pathetic and lovable creation. Young and beautiful, shois married to a man wliode votes more attention to 'hunt' ing and shooting than to his wife. Aline is lonely in h Gorard Eversley is a welcomo visitor. A central figure in the story is the heroine's niece, a rural clergyman's daughter. For her age she is remarkably cool and calculating, and Mrs. Ridley hits the mark when she tersely describes* her as"puro and passionless'-but not innocent." The book is written in clear and crisp English, and the principal characters are presented with remarkable vividness. ' "The Green Book: or Freedom Under the Snow," by Maurus Jokai. Horo we have a powerful picture of Russian intrigues and conspiracies throe-quarters of a century ago. The story opens with a party of Don Cossacks oonveying a political prisoner through the snow to Siberia. A human form is bound to a gun-carriage, and as the moon peeps out from batweon the clouds it discloses a face distorted with agony, from which all trace of hair on head* or beard had been cut away-perhaps dragged out. Tho eyes and mouth aro wide open. A comer of tho horse-cloth underneath the man drags ou the ground, and from it now and then a drop of blood falls-a sign that in bleeding tho mau still lives. Tho drops of blood in the snow fantastically change into roses. "Red flowers on the white snow field! The ghost like procession disappears in the mist." .The blood-drops enable a horseman to track tho Cossacks, and as often as ho seesa red rose upon the snow he dismounts, and with a golden spoon takes up the crystallized token and places it in an enamelled reliquary. The " Green Book" was a sort of Parliamentary handbook in which the conferonccs hold in overy province throughout tho Empire wcro registered. It also containod tho names of tho conspirators, those who held the threads of tho not in their haudB from the shores of tlio Black Sea to the Arctic Pole. In it was written down the best form of Constitution, how the Empire was to ba partitioned, and whether to bo re presented by landowners or tho peoplo. The objoot aimed at was to establish a Ropublic, and tho plan of Constitution was painted in glowing colours. '' First to freo overy people, and thon to unite all free peoples. None to be oppressed by the other, each to be left to choose his own way to prosperity, speak his own tongue, cultivate his own land, no more hatred or jealousy among the nations." " It is a grand idea," said one of the conspirators, " but tho greatest obstaclo in the way of freeing the people is that tho people aro unconscious of their servitude." The oxistonce of the "Green Book" is known to the Russian police, but although innumerable spies of both sexes are employed to trace it, its whereabouts remains a mystery. Among tho conspirators are nobles at the Court of St. Petersburg and in tho Array. Two of tho best-drawn central figures are Zeneida, the beautiful and heroic Finnish (lira, arch- conspirator and favourite of the Czar, and the splendidly foarless Diabolka, tho gipsy girl. Tho book is a most realistic picture of Russian society and of the inner fife of a Czar and his Court. Tho dialogue is spirited, and the continuous succession of thrilling situations renders tho story intensely interesting. "Mrs. Martin's Company," by JanoBarlow. This is a collection of somo half- dozen Irish storios, two or throe of which first saw the light in the National Jleview._ Tho first, which gives tho book its title, is a remarkably pn.ihetio one, and most of tho othere nro de liriously humorous. All are worth reading. Tho above-inentionod volumes, which we have received through Mr. W. U. Rigby. of King William-street, aro published by Mac millan & Co., London. From Messrs. Georgo Robertson & Co. wo have roceived two of Messrs. Longmans, Greon, & Co.'a publications - "The Red Scaur," by I*. Anderson Graham, and "The Princess D6sirec." by Clementina Black. The first is a restful picture of agricultural life ill North Northumberland, in which tho cha racters aro presented in a homely and realistic manner. There is nothing sensational in the book, but the author's easy and refined style makes those ruitic annals good reading. Tho beautiful Princess Desireo" is heiress'x> tho Grand Duchy of Felsenhoim. Tho French Marquis de la Fcrroniere, who has been entrusted with a special mission to that rcmoto Duchy, cannot speak German, so he takes a friend with hiin who can-the young Ludovic do Saint-re. Tho adventures of Ludovic both in peace and revolution, and his intimate relations with the Princess aro narrated in sprightly fashion onough; but obviously tho commonplaco events at the Court of a petty German principality can have comparatively little interest for tho English - speaking reader. From the same firm we have also roceived " Arminell." " The Sin of Angels," " Ardath," and " A Girl of tho Peoplo," four of Muthuen's publications, and " Tarragal" (Gay and Bird), all of which wo have recently noticed at somo length. Waalso acknowlcrlgo thoreceiptof the January number of Corn-hill, which is a capital one, and the Victorian Law Reports" for February and March. "Knegspiel, the War Game," by Francis Ilindos Groomc (Ward. Lock, &Co.;, London, New York, and Melbourne). This is a sensa tional novel of marked originality. Sir Charles Glemhara, a rich young baronet of twenty-one, had married a beautiful seventeen-year-old gipsy girl. The young man has some doubt as to the paternity of their child Lionel, who is the hero of the book. His mother had died j in giving him birth, and Sir Charles himself mysteriously disappears at a very early stage in the story. One of the most striking characters introduced is a Dr. Watson, about the coolost and most accomplished old villain who over figured in the pages of fiction. He is a clairvoyant, and in league with the gipsies, over whom he exercises a mj'nterious influence. For selfish reasons of his own he kidnaps the youthful Lionel, who, chained by the leg in a tent, sees two power ful gipsies digging a hole just outsido. Ilo can scarcely see their heads above tho heap of dirt they have thrown but. "Good Lord I Whero on earth were those worms from? The place seenned crawling with them." Lionel had always abhorred creeping things, and even in the old psrch-fishmg days he could never quite stomach tho wormy part. '"Ay, never was such a medow for worrums," sneered one of the gipsies, as ho scrambled out of tho hole, "tho sile's fair thick with 'em, 'Mammy'(that's what the boy said), 'what wa3 worrums made for?' ' For the ducks to eat, sonny.' ' And what was the ducks made for. Mammy?' 'Forus to cat, sonny.' 'And what was wa made for. Mammy?' ' For tho worrums to eat, sonny.' Dabla (God)! I wonder if these'uns are hungry. Anyways, I'm thirsty. Give us another drink, Wester." Dr. Watson now appears, and furnishing Lionel with writing materials, begins to dictate. Our hero writes, and hands tho paper to the doctor, who reads something totally unexpected. Showing neither malice nor disappointment ho sat eying Lionel meaningly. "Ah!" he said quietly at last, "tho next he?t thing to winning a game is losing it grace fully. You are no fool; and you must know you liave not been bronght hero to (ool with me. With or without you I leave thiaplaee to-night, sever probt% to return. If without, then"--- ho broke off and looked significantly towards the hole. "If I go and Perun comes back and finds you horo he trill pitch you into it._ Whether ue will finish you'off before doinjj eo I cannot say, but I doubt it. Gipsies have a superstitious horror of blood Bhedding.^ It muBt be a painful death, that, to be lingeringly stifled. I remombeisxeading lately about a man -who had been buried alive and was exhumed. They could see he had gnawed his right arm; and if they discdVer your remains the discovery will excite no suspicion. This meadow is full ot skeletons; it was a prehistoric burial ground. Someday they will hawk up your skull and a learned antiquary will make it a test for a lecture. I half forget their jargon, but your skull should be brachny cephahc; you cannot bo longheaded if you reject my offer." . The sequel of tho situation, which is altogether too blood-curdling to quote, is not what the reader is led to anticipate. Mr. Groome's characters are real live men and women^ One of the most interesting is Sagul, the giroy girl; the only unsatisfactory creation is the Rev. Thomas Discipline, but his sister Dorothy is an angel of the practical species. Good as it is the story seems to fall off a bit towards the end, whioh is by no means orthodox. Although tragedy is the author's strong point, ho is not deficient in quiet humour; but why give the book such a misleading title? Certainly it is a war gamo, but not in tho sense that the word "Kriog spiel" conjures up. The book reaclieB us through Messrs. E. 3. Wigg & Son. '' Trooper Peter Hallsett, of Mashonaland," bv_Olive Schreinor. T. Fisher Unwin. Miss Olive Schreiner is well known to the world as the author of one of the strongest, and perhaps tho mo3t dismal, despairful talcs of this docade. "The Story of an African Farm" no doubt is a picture more or less true of some phases of life m Africa under the Calvinist Puritan atmosphere of hard-hearted Boers. The authoress's now doparturo is no less strong and impressive. It deals oquallv with South Africa, and with that part of Africa which, during the last year, has been tho sco:;e of such revolt and pitiless massacro. It is. howover, special pleading of the most pronounced typo, and is founded upon presumptions which, unlo3s tho contemporary Press and tho writings ot Mr. Solous aro wholly inaccurate, need to be roceived with considerable caution. Potor Hallsett is a trooper in the Mashonaland Mounted Polico, callod out for the special purpose of putting down the Matabcle revolt. Iio has loft England to put monoy in his purse, 110 matter how, but to make a fortune at all hazards. Ho loses his way in the bush, and whilo reflecting on his successes and prospects is visited by a linen-clad tra veller, who seems to know everything. To him Peter Hallsett tells his tale of cruelty to natives, of successful sensuility, of murders in cold blood. Ho is surprised that his visitor shows nothing but a mourn ful interest in his sins and gives no applause, regarding hitn tho while with deep steadfast gaze. In short, it is an appari tion of our Saviour to tho lost trooper. Thus ends Part I. of tho story. Tho next seeno introduces us to Peter Hallsett with the troop whom he has ro-found. Iio is an altered man, quiet, obedient, ever ready to help all who need. His comrades note thathe has nevor been the samo man since tho night he had been lost and was found insensible in the morning. Tho colonel of his troop is re presented in tho ordinary marooning type of cruel-hearted avenger. Ho shows no inercy to Matabcle captives, whother wounded, or starving, or innocent. Peter Hallsett pro tests. As a punishment ho is ordered to mount guard over a wounded captive, and shoot him himself in tho morning. Disobey ing his colonel's orders, he releases^ the man, and is shoe dead in cold blood by his superior officer. Certainly the story "grips tho heart and haunts tho imagination," as tho Duilii News says. "It is a bold piece of work and an opportune,"says tho Daily Ckroniclc. It is bold and overbold, to use tho words of a first-class novel-writer, for purposes of poli tical warfare. The accusations against Mr. Rhodes (by name) aro either untrue or libellous. A Commission is now sitting for the investigation of tho whole matter. It seems bad tasto to introduce our Saviour into ephemeral fiction for tho sake of show ing that Mr. Rhodes is Anti-Christ. Tho example is bad. for tho crowd of small imitators who will follow, and will probably not treat such a subject with such actors with any kind of revereneo. Wo will hope that the atrocity which it is implied is tho goneral rule in Rhodesia has been exag gerated. But tho book, witli all its faults, i9 readable and instructive. It indicatos what may happsn in corners of our vast Empire when the restraint of public opinion is taken away. "Dead Letters" by Harriet L. Childe, Pom | berton (Ward, Lock, ft Co., Limited, London). Of this collection of verses and poems tho first is by no means the best. There is more power in "The Woman and the Sea," which contains some fine verses, and in "Other Eyes than Ours." ""A Deal of Grace" is very pretty and touching, but it was unwise to have a " Misunderstanding in Church" printed besido the others. It is founded on such a very old, old chestnut. The authoress writes very well. Some of her verse3 touch a high mark, and there is a feeling that she will do bettor in tho future. Tho proso selections at the end are bright, smart, and modern. Manners for Men," by Mrs. Humphry | (James Bowdon, London). This charmingly written little book opens with " Woman's Ideal of Man," in which among other things is this-"If good manners are not practised at home, but aro allowed to lio by until occasion calls upon their wearer to assume them, they are sure to be a bad fit when donned." Other chapters aro devoted to the correct behaviour of men to ladies in the street, at balls, dinner parties, f> o'clock teas, at Church, and other places. Dross, driving, riding, and engage ment and marriage aro also dealt with in a pleasant chatty manner. It is a useful produc tion, and its usefulness is increased by copious marginal references. "Passports,'' by Julien Armstrong (T. Fisher Unwin, London). In this little book we have somo capital stories, or rather character sketches. Tho first is a pathetic sketch of a livoly littlo mito of a girl with a brutal father, entitled "Her Passport to Heaven," and this is followed by "His Pass port to Hell," which is a powerful piece of writing. There aro several other "passports," and all of them are remarkable for their simple but vivacious energy. 