NEWS OF THK DAY- BOCLDBB MUNICIPALITY.—It is probable that the Boulder Municipality will be proclaimed in a few days<- IINTERCOLONIAL COBUESPOKDENCB.—An extremely interesting letter from our Sydney correspondent appears in another column. CooLaAKDiE HOSPITAL,—There were only two patients admitted to the Government hospital yesterday, Arthur Hustler, 26, suffering from an injury to the leg, and M. Page, 27, of Coolgardie, fever. HOSPITAL STATISTICS.—During last week 13 patients were admitted to the Government Hospital. Two died, and 21 were discharged, leaving 109 in the institution. The out-patients treated last week numbered 51. THE RAILWAY STATION.—Most people wlio have had to pay toll at the railway station before they could obtain admission to the platform, will be pleased to hear that the department intend in a few days to abolish the barrier system altogether. UEMOVAL OP DB. TYNAN.—For the information of bis patients who may not have noticed the advertisement, we may state that Dr. E, J. Tynan has loft Lefroy-street and Is now residing at Bedford Lodge, Shaw- strcet, about three doors to the right from Lefroy- Btrect, going from town. GOVERNMENT LAND BALES.—TheGocemment Gazette announces sales of Government lands to take pla?e at the undermenmcntioned places on the following dates:— B'.ulder, July 3 ; Lawlers, July 3 ; ISunbury, July 7; Coolgardie, July 7 ; Newcastle, July 7; Katanning, July 7; Broad Arrow, July llj Kalgoorlie, July 16 ; Coolgardie,. July 21 ; Kalgoorlie, July 23. PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT KALGOORLIK.— The Kalgoorlie Municipal Council has received a reply from the Department of Lands stating that the erection of public buildings at Kalgoorlie has been dclayel through waiting for the taking over of the railway. Plans are being prepared, and the work will be put in band at once. The estimated cost ot the buildings is £34,000. THE BANVABDB.—The Banvard Family and Troupe gavt another of i.heir pleasing variety entertainments last evening at the Tlvoli Theatre. There was a good atten ance, aud the audience was most appreciative. Several new iiems were introduced nd well received. The.company will appear again on WeJnesday night, when new songs will be introduced. Oil Saturday there will be an entirely new - setting and programme. KALGOOBLIE POLICE COURT.—In the Kalgoorlie Police Court, yesterday, Henry Parera, a Cingalese, was charged with shooting with intent to murder Michael Burt on Saturday nighc. Accused was remanded for eight days, bail being refused. A charge against Maggie Leddon, of sly grog selling,' was withdrawn. Thos. Robinson pleaded guilty to sly grog selling, and was lined £30, with £4 4s.. costs. A. B Fyshe, charged with a s'milar offence was acquitted. DEPARTED EASTWARDS.—Mr. Charles D'Aicy, who only recently recovered from a severe attack of fever, left by the train yesterday for Perth, en route to Sydney. Mr. D'Arey, who was one of the best-known men about Coolgardie,. and who was deservedly popular in social circles,'does not intend to return to the fields. A large number of friends were present on the platrorm to bid adieu to the genial D apostrophe," as he styled himself, and if good wishes cau-help him Mr. D'Arcy ought to spepdily become comfortable on t'otherside. APPRECIATION.—The Murchuon limes s a y s T h e WESTERN AUETBALIAN GOLD- FIELDS COURIER, Coolgardie, has turned out a remarkably -creditable production in the shape of an illustrated supplement. It contains a large numbor of views from .the various centres. The views, which are printed in colors, are' beautifully brought out. We are bestowing but mild praise when .we state, that it is the best supplement of its kind ever produced jn this colony. We are in receipt of acopy of the supplement, which may be Bee^ at our office.- ALLEGED ASSAULT.—A easo of assault was preferred laBt night by a man nam^l Bobt TayloragainstThos. Quinn. lMsalleged that Taylor was with his wife juBt outside his dwelling'at the eastern end of Bayleystrecl when Qulnn spo^e to Hrs. Taylor, and .struck her husband. Taylor immediately informed the police, and Constables Feely and Toplles were despatched tj> the soene of action, - where they arrested Qulnn, and conveyed- him to the police etition. Taylor gaye Quinn into costody Tjn a charge of aasiiiU, «hn the police also - preferred a haigu against Qnlnn for disorderly oonduot. J irwill be-presented at the polloe court this morning. ; , - -.- • . JOHN MACNAMABA AND COMPANY. John Macnamaraand Company announce that in fnture, commencing - from to-day, their horse and vehicle sales will take place each day at 11 o'clock, or directly after ' the general morning sales arc over. This innovation has been done at the express wiBh of the dealers and otbeis, as it allows of their attending both morn "ng and afternoon sales cf stock. To meet tlie firm's increasing business it is cont'.mplitcd getting Mr. Archie Macnamara, who is consiilercd as a saltsinaii even superior to his elder brot her, to take charpc of the Kalgoorlie branch, which will be openei as soon as suiiablc premises ave obtained there. A GIIUKS-IM-: DISCOVERY.—Yesterday, a report was received from two pruspec'turs named G(.orge Green and Edward Jansin, whoweie prospecling on block 48 of the Hampton Plains, .near a Gnamma hole, six miles from Wollnbar, when they came across some human bones. Thi rn were no indications on the spot to show whether they be- 1 >nged to a white man or aboriginal. The theory is that the man might have beon looking for water, ai d prri hud. " One leg i-nd one arm were missing, and it is thought that they inust have been earned away by dingoes which arc often secu in the locality. By appearances, the man inuBt have been dead many months. The police are making inquiries into the discovery. THE BtecHEATioN GROUND.—One of the l'erth sporting papers has ta'-.cn the committee of management of the Coolga die ground to task, for Icttiug the Kalgoorlie people get ahead of them iu the matter of improving their cycling track. We learn that the committee have not until lately had the funds that would justify ilicm making any extensive improvements to the ground, but on Sunday morning a ' isit was paid to the reserve, when Mr. li. S. King, • lie Government Surveyjr, submitted a plan for a nc<v track, which was generally approved 1'tieic are, however, several details yet to discuss, aud another meeting will be held Sunday morning bef->r.: anyi lung is delinitcly scitlcd. In tlie meauliinc it would be us well as for the coinmittcc to take the public into their confi dence n regard to the exact financial position, .-if. until this is known, the policy of the committee is bound to be misundersloo THE INDUSTRIAL BACKBONE. — A full array of crushing rfitunis appears in the mining column. The Menzies mines since July 1st have r.uUuniul close upon 6,OOOox, so far as the yields have been disclosed ; while Coolgardie has alicidy contributed l,500oz. In other directions the growing productiveness of the mines is asserting itself in n manner calculated to imbue 1 he community with the best of spirits. Yesterday, it is pleasing to record, nil uuusually large quantity of gild, contained iu 21 boxes and one parcel, or over 17,000uz, left Coolgardie for Perth Included in-the amount was U,000oz from Menzies, chiefly consigned by the Western Au tral an and Union Banks, which arrived in the morning under escort of Constable Harris. Inspector M'Kenna, Ser- geant Sellenger, and five constables, the majority of whom are engaged in the criminal sessions at Perth, formed the escort lo the melr >polis. AN ALBANY SCARE.—A correspondent at Albany writes :—" What they call here ' Spring-heel Jack,' or the ' Albany Ghost,' is scaiinu a number of the residents. At first, the apparition confined his attention to the Perth road, and the lonely roads about Mt. Melville, but on parties of men and the police setting :t watch for liim lie abandoned those haunts for the Recreation Ground, and the roads in its vicinity, Now he lias been se".n near the Telegraph Office. His modus operandi appears to be as follows :—He dresses in a very light or white chesterfield coat, and suddenly appears beside, or a little in front of his proposed victim (usually a woman or a lad) when he throws opsn his coat and displays the representation of a coffin, and the words—" Your doom is nigh," written in some pliosphorcsccnt .substance on his vest, or whatever garment it is he wears. On his face the creature wears a black mask. If anyone attempts to seize him, he tlir.JWB a liquid substance over his would-be captors, and as this is believed to be vitriol, his manoeuvres have so far met with SUCCCSB, the fear of the viuiol having an especially scireing effect. One half of the people are now terrified to go out alone." 