Tito Light That Cast no Shadow. Curious stories are told about the powers pott, sensed by certain natives of India, who five up among tbe Himalaya mountains. These- old men, it is snid, have devoted scores of years to the etcdv of natural laws and forces, which ilm rest of tho world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited tlie adeptp,' as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of find ing o il the secret of their remarkable perform ances. They treated him rather scurvily, but interested him all the same. One day the pro fessor wanted tc examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. ' I can't see to read here,' said the visitor. ' ' Then we will havo some light,' was the re ply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence i: came, but be noticed that it bad one fI range quality — It cast not the slightest shadow. This is a story hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and you who now read it havenorea. son for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experi ence. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon eaithquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lnne ghost. A tnun who lias been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could result from bill experience ? Take an example ' In the spring of 1888,' writes our correspon- deiti, ' I fell into a low, weak, nnd languid state. I felt low-spirited nnd out of sortB. At first my Btomacli was deranged, tny appetite poor, and after eating 1 bad pain and weight at tho chest. I was much troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour.fluid, also hitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept up with my work, but always had a sense of discomfort. Off and on I con tinued in this way for two yeara, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken only a few doses I found relief; my' food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Although I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having used it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, and its power over disease. Since my re covery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Cura tive Syrup, I have been in the tieBt of health and spirits. In the interests of Buffering humanity I deem it a duly to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor nnd outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th. 1893.' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the story about the light that csst no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be verified without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at htB address. - ' Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symp toms, forms, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion, and dyspepsia ; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over heart hs and homes where illness and pain have cost such dark nnd teirifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 