'RULE BRITANNIA.' .'STORY OF A PATRIOTIC SONG. 'It is a strange, a wonderful coinci dence, that to the year 1740 we are in debted for the first appearance in public of three of our most popular and most national 6ongs. I refer to ' God Save the King,' by Henry Oarey, ' The Roast Beef of Old England,' by Henry Fielding, and ' Rule Britannia,' by James Thomson ; while .gast .MieeteeB .years later appeared the magnificent patriotic song, ' Hearts of Oak,' written by David Garrick, who bad a pretty wit for turning a ballad, and composed by Dr. Boyce. ' Hearts of Oak,' like ' Rule Britannia,' and many another great 6ong, was first heard at Drury LaneTheatre in a play. In this instance, a Christmas piece by Garrick himself, called 'Harlequin's Invasion' in 1759. The 'Roast Beef ' was adapted, to a tune composed by Richard Leveridge a composer and comic aclor, about 1728, who also ?wrote some of the words at a later time. The song with Fielding's lyric ?was first published in Walsh's ' British Miscellany ' about 1740. The author ship of ' Rule, Britannia,' has been .disputed ; some authorities at one time inclining to the belief that, as David Mallet was concerned with Thompson in writing the masque, '. Alfred,' in which the ode was originally sung, he was the writer. I will first give a quota lion from W. Chappell's National English Airs.' ''Rule, Britannia,' from the masque of ' Alfred,' composed by Dr. Aiue. Tliis masque was written by James Thompson and David Mallet, and was performed in the gardens of Cliefden House in com memoration of the accession of ?George I., and in honour of the birth day of the Princess of Brunswick, on the 1st of August, 1740. It was Afterwards a'.tered into an opera (by the same composer) and performed at Convent Garden in 1745 ; and after the death of Thomson which occurred in 1748, it was again entirely re taodelled by Mallet, scarcely any part of the first play being retained, and performed at Drury Lane in 1751. The words of ' Rule Britannia,' were, however, written by Thomson.' It was already a celebrated song in 1745, for daring the Jacobite rebellion in the North of that year, the Jacobites, ?with consummate impudence, took the Jay and altered the words to suit their own cause and termed it their ?' National ' song. Handel made use of the air in his ' Occasional Oratorio ' with flight variation, to words beginning — War shall cease. Welcome, peace 3 in 1746. When Mallet altered the opera or masque of ' Alfred' it proved a'fearful €asco, and it was not till Thomson was ?dead that he claimed the ode as his own composition — a composition which Southey (including the music, of ?course) said -would be ' the political fcymn of this country as long as she maintains her political power.' Yet the song was actually published in .Edinburgh in the second edition of a well-kuown song-book during Mallet's lifetime, with Thomson's initials, and »ppareatly Mallet made no stir. Indeed, in the public advertisements when Artie's opera was played, Thomson's name alone was announced us the author ,of the ode. David Mallet earned much notoriety as a purloiner of other people's wares, and his imposture with regard to ' Mar garet's Ghost ' is ancient history to students of old ballads and Percy'* 'Reliques.' Let us glance at this extract from a contribution by the erudite author of ' Popular Music of the Olden Time ' to ' Notes and Queries,' Nov. 20, 1886:— 'I will now refer to Alfred. It was per formed a second time at Cliefden House with great success, and soon ' Rule Britannia ' became a national song. In 1745 ' Alfred ' was altered into an opera by Dr. Arne, the princi pal vocal parts being taken by Mrs. Arne, Miss Young, Mrs. Sybilla and Mr. Lowe at Convent Garden (this was for the benfit of Mrs. Arne), and turned into a musical drama at Drury Lane, both in the same year. In 1748 James Thomson, the poet, died from fever, and that suggested to Mallet the idea of robbing his friend and fellow- countryman (they were both Scottish) of his 6hare of the credit he had gained by the triple production of ? Alfred,' and especially by the ode ; but Dr. Arne, who outlived Thomson and Mallet till 1788, stood always in Mallet'6 way. It was his music to ' Rule Britannia ' that had been one great cause of the success, and every body know that the ode had been written by Thomson, who gave the words to Arne to set to music, and many thousands of copies had been priuted within the ten or eleven years that had elapsed. In the meantime Mallet had received a commission to write the Life of the Great Duke of Marlborough, for which he had received £1000 from the Duchess and an annuity from the Duke to expedite his labors.' How he carried out his con tract is thus told in ' The Biographic Dramatica,' 1812, and elsewhere : ' ' Alfred,' a masque by David Mallet, acted at Drury Lane, 8vo, 1751\. This is the play of Messrs. Thomson and. Mallet, entirely new modelled by the latter, no part of the first being retained except a few lines. Though excellently performed, it was not very successful. The prologue was written by the Earl of Cork. It has been said that Mallet procured 'Alfred' to be performed at Drury Lane by insinuating to Garrick that in his intended Life of the Duke of Marlborough he should by an in genious device find a niche for the Roscius of the age. ' My dear friend,' said Garrick, 'have you left off writing for the stage V The hint was taken, and ' Alfred ' was produced. Garrick himself afterwards tried to turn Mallet's failure as a masque into a tragedy in 1773 to recover some of the money he had lost upon it, but be was not more successful than before. Mallet's Life of the Duke of Marl borough was paid for, but never written. Mallet employed Lord Boling broke to write three additional verses for ' Rule Britannia,' to replace three of Thompson's (which he would never have done if they had been his own), bat the public would not have the new verses, and insisted upon Thompson's, which they knew.' The rest of David Mallet's shameful life will be found in any English book of biography. He enjoyed a considerable pension, which had been bestowed on him for his success in turning the public vengeance upon Admiral Byng by means of a letter of accusation under the character of ' A Plain Man.' That pension was Mallet's blood money. He had also a legacy of the copyright of Lord Bolingbroke's 'Work*,' Bolingbroke having employed him to 'blast the memory of Pope'— 'an office which he executed with all- the malignity that his employer could wish.' Mallet had been a thorough parasite to Pope before, and Boilingbroke was the wretched hypocrite whom Pope, by lending all his MSS. to him had made the guardian of his character. No Scotchman would attend Mallet's funeral ; but a monument was raised by public subscription to the memory of James Thomson in Westminster Ab bey. Mallet's real name was Malloch, and he died in 1765, aged 60. Mallet did not write the balled of ' Margaret's Ghost,' as is generally stated, for the piece was printed in the reign of Queen Anne. Although we frequently hear the first verse of ' Rule Britannia' sung, it is not often that it is sung to the last stanza. Here are the words as originally written by Thomson : ' KTTLB BRITANNIA. When Britain first, at Heaven's command, Arose from out the azure main ; This was the charter of the land. And guardian angels rang the strain : Rule Britannia, Britannia rules the waves, Britaat never will be jlavea. The nations, not so West as thee, Must in their turn to tyrants fall ;- Whilst them Aalt flourish, great and free, The dread and envjr of them oil : Still more majestic shalt tbou rise. More dreadful from such foreign stroke ; A« th'e*Wfl blast that tears the skies Serve but to root thy native oak : Thee haughty tyrants ne'er shall tame; All their attempts to haul thee down Will but arouse thy gen'rous flame And Work their woe— but thy renown. To thee belongs the rural reign ; Thy citieB shall with commerce shine ; All thine shall be the subject main, And every shore encircle thine : The Muses still with Freedom found, Shall to tiiy happy coast repair ; Blest iile ! with matchless beauty crown'd, And many hearts to guard the fair : Rule Britannia, Britannia rules the waves, BritonB never will be slaves. Truly a fitting final to the Masque of ' Alfred.' But Alfred as the title of a play has been singularly unfortu nate, for of all the seven pieces bearing that name which have been produced not one has been a success. Another extraordinary fine British sea song was also written by a Scottish man, ' Ye Mariners of Eng land,' to wit, which Thomas Campbell based upon Martyn Parker's excellent piece called 'Ye Gentlemen of Eng land.' Says Dr. Beattie, in his ' Life of Thomas 'Campbell,' 'Mrs. Ireland, who saw mucli of Campbell at this time (1799), mentions that it was in the musical evenings at her mother's house that he appeared to derive the greatest enjoyment. At these soirees his favorite song was ' Ye Gentlemen of England,' with the music of which (by Dr. Calcott) he was particularly struck, and determined to write new words for it. Hence the noble and stirring lyric of 'Ye Mariners of England,' part of which, if not all, he is said to have written after one of these family parties. It was not, however, until he had retired to Ratisbon and felt his patriotism kindled by the announcement of war with Denmark that he finished the original sketch and sent it home to Mr. Parry of The Morning Chronicle. Thomas Campbell died in 1844. 