Barton's Folly. Jk. STORY OF A "HAUNTED HOUSE. .' air BBSNKTT COLI. (WEBKLT SCOTSMAH.) CHAPTER I. . J)T»W a strnleht line from BrauBtitple, or -<hfi Tan*, f» Trentishoe, on tao east ooaat. that Hu« will diagonally bisect Barton1! Full)'. 1 hal DO idea af who Barton wan nor did I know why his tenemont should . fee calivil ii folly. But if he wo« tba original builder nf th« House, it mae« have bean rather moro than three hun.Ired yenni old judging from a data which waa chiselled upon a stone in the oater wall. The Srepent proprietor's name, I fbnnd, wae tn<le ; and it wait Dingle who showed mc -over the desorted place. Hot a bad aort of s fellow by any means, but a mun well endowed with that passion for aearotivenes! \- which ia ooo of the marka of a genuine Devonian. When he learned, however, thal I had a mind to become the tenant ol \- . Harton'« Folly, hiB manner became pnlitt and effusive ; quito as though he bud found . long lost friend for whose return he har) -prayed night and day. I was not without tome buch feeling myself. I had hoard a whisper thal Barton's Folly was haunted ; and, as I had *een an unsuccessful ghost-hunter for c number of yura, I thought this scorned « likely iilaoe for something in the super' natural line. The only question was whether Bingle nnd J could agree upon terms. I proposed s three months' tennnoy on one sidr.-, and s Svc-poiiod note on the other. To mj astonishment-beoause my proposition wai offered only as a basis for haggling-Bingle aoooptod this contraot, and ac onoo held out his h ind for the money. But his ready assent only served to strengthen my BUS pinions. Bow long, I asked, had tho house been empty ? Why, a matter of eight or ten years. Must be dreadfully damp ? Ko, -dry aa a bono. Haunted, perhaps ? Bingle withdrew into hiB shell, with the sensible remark that he never listened to no foolish people's cackle. That was quite sufficient. I took the houeo for three months, and became its tenant that very night. It was a curious old place, but woefully neglected. With a little expense, T thought, it might bo marie picturesque and pretty; yet BO one seemed to caro a farthing about 'it. The walls appeared to be about three feet thick, 'lhere was a large Bquare outrance hall, and out of it ran a staircase leading to a gallery where dours opened into tedrooms. Hight and left of tho hali wore two fine rooms fitted with doublo doors, but thi only furniture I oould find was a ponderous oak table standing in the centre of the hall. Evory room in the house was panelled with oak ; but I will briefly deeoribo -the one in which I slept. It was thirty feet long, to bogin with. [ The sides woro all ot carved oak, divided by pilasters Into sections. At the end of the room, »nd about five feet from it, were two .. pillars bearing an extended arch, and over tho »ugo fireplace was an entablature con- taining thc arms, as I supposed, of the Harton family. The crest was an open hand severed at the wrist, and I beg you to remember this rather important detail, A casual stroll through the houso con- vinced me that Barton, or his successors, had spared no cost to make the family scat a desirable residence. But twenty pounds a year aoemed suoh a paltry rent oom pured with the magnificence of my surroundings -that I felt sure there must be'something «noanny about tho pince. Therefore, and ,1»efore wo parted, I gave Bingle to under- stand that I wished to remain undisturbed in my tennnoy, I assured him that I knew low to uso my revolver, and that there would bo a bsd timo for any frolicsome youth who attempted to play pranks with ne after nightfall. Satisfied that I had impressed him with ?tho desirability of leaving me to my own idevioes, I fetohod my belongings from the village In and proceeded to make my ?»rrangomonts for the night. Thry were «tapi» enough. AB a prowler, I prefer to 4deep in my hammock, and this I rigged up in the room to tho right of the hull. Beside jae, and within easy reaoh of my hand, I set . candle, a box of matohes, nnd a pair of loaded revolvers. Then I oltmbed into my h.n.mnnk nnrl hlnw «nfc rho llvhr. I had hardly laid myself down-in fact, ] liad not even wriggled myself Into a oom' lortable position-when the whole roon: «cerned filled with fluttering wings ; bat ] Jtuew that triok and how to do lt. I conic «Iso account for the three dlstinot slapi upon tho wainFOot ; it 1B a common dorigo, lint I cou foss I was not prepared for th« touch of.a olammy hand whian spread Itaell «vcr my face and rested there, in spite ol lay effort« to wipe it off, At last, and witt ?patient ifesignntion, I lighted my candle, To my real'amazement, I saw a hand and pari -af a wrist hovering over the flamea and ?pointing to the end of the room, I regarded it curiously, wondering how one might yrcdnoe^uoh a flue trink ; but, whether io anger at my delay, or for some other reason, tile hand Boublod into a fist, shook itself at inc, and again pointed to the ond of thc .room. " Barton," said I, " let as not be in a hurry. If this hand belongs to yon, it's a pity you don't show the rest of yourself and «sprees your moaning. Ooma ¡ I've never yet seen a ghost, and now's tho timo to «ratify my desire. If you're not a sham and a humbug-'?-' But Barton, having no head to shake refusal, impatiently waved what there was of him as a protest-or so I imagined -«gainât my scoffing, and again pointed down .Ute room. " Very well," I answered, " if there's -.anything to be Been down there, I'm with youî Suppose yon tnko the lead ; and Temora ber there's aa Army Colt behfndyon." Now, la all this interview, there were nona of those mookiog peals of laughter, no thander-and-lightntng business, nor any of ?the stage proportion (so to speak) whioh one naturally expects In snob, an adventure. So Jar, Barton had manifested an unusually definite moaning-when I carno to ooneider ?it. Bis Blaps and band were meant to anrase me ; he bad appeared in the light of * pandie ; he had pointed to his show-room ; and ac my reqnest he was now leading the .ray. I followod the floating hand with it« outstretched forefinger, and oontinued to do ao until I ran agalnBt tho panelling. Harton had gone olean through the wainscot: " AU right," I said, although my DOBO and .. .forehead had Buffered, "I'll mark the spot with a bnllct-hole-so-and take a look st it in tho morning. It's a capita! ? trick, I allow ; show mo some more to-morrow," I returned to the hatnmook and pat out -the oandlo ; but no sooner had I dono so than a flumo shot up my sleova from tho wrist to the elbow. This was the Barton's last good-night, and concluded tbs perform- ance for that evening. When I awoke the morning sun was streaming throagh tho unshuttered win- , -dews ; and, what ia moro to tho point, tho .Keeva of my coat was singed from tho ' wrist ta tho elbow. I took lt to a window -to examine lt ¡ and my first thought waa ?(kat the flame of the candle had oaught the -doth last night Bat there was no Bmell of fin with the mark. I looked at it moro closely, turned to my other arm-which I lanna intact-and reverted to the damaged «teere. Odd 1 The singe had vanished. I Jure tried to fathom the meaning of this appearance ; but I con only suggest that , Barton need lt as » proof that I had not been dreaming. Moreover, there was a nark of a ballet at the end of tho room. However, I waa so convinced that I had been tue vlotim of some olever conjurer that I iront to see if I could find any traces of him. Strolllrjg into tba hall, I booame aware ¿hat Barton had loft his Bpeotral hand 'behind him. It was lying at that moment «pan the table, and I went to take a nearer view of it. A well-shaped hand it was, too ; sisllcatsly formed, small for a man, but "(ansonlar and long-fingered. Upon tho . , -third finger wag a heavy signet-ring I did ,«ot remember to have aeon last night. Stooping down to examine the device, I ?zoned myself gazing intently at tho grain of ' the oak ; for thara was nothing oleo «faible. Barton mast havo roolaimed his nlssfng member in haste : probably because he djsliked such dose scrutiny. Ic iras of no great consequence to me-except that one loo'a like a fool in such an altitude. But I examined every nook and corner of that table for wires, er any other com- munication whioh might lead me to the wizard's haunt. Not one could I find, and Barton laughed at my fruitless searoh, for something very mooh like three fingers tapped me playfnlly on the cheek. '. Vo thnt,agnin," I said, with my bonds r# ndy. Barton at anas complied with my request, and tapiwd me three timrs, while I grabbed tho air in a vain endeavour to ostoh him. " Show me something, then," I asked as a test of hts obliging readiness to be oivil. Threo vigorous slaps upon the staircase brought me to the spot. Then the slaps wooton before me ; up the stoira, along the gallery, through a door-whioh I had to open-and into a room above tho one I had slept in. Here the slaps led me to a window ; and Barton, like a truegentleman, answored my request. There were twelve panes ot glass in that window. In a middle one, just above the sash, I saw the impression ot a hand- juBt as if someone had laid MB open palm upon a steamy glacs. The remarkable thing about this impreuion is that, although I (and others) have done our bpat with soap and water, soda, an<i even chemicals, inside and outside, that hand remains upon the glass to this day. I have it in my study framed, and it is known us '' Button, his murk." Bnt it was now nine o'clock, and I went to tho inn for a bath and breakfast. Here I set down io my note-book all the manifestations ! aould swear to, PO far ; and osnio to tho conalustou that Barton, instead of trying to mystify ino, was really inviting me to prosecute a vigorous search. Had I really found a true ghost this time ; aud must I dismiss the oonviotion that mechan- ism of Borne sort was responsible for all I had heard and seen ? Further reflection told me that, if any- thing waa to be found behind the panel through whioh that hand had passed, it would be well to seouro a confidential wit- ness. I therefore despatched a messenger with a telegram to the nearest town, and invited Ted Withers, an old schoolfellow to come down at ODOS with his hammock". He ?arno. . The same manifestations were repeated that night. Wo both saw the hand on tho hall table next morning, and Ted agreed with me that "some larky beggar" must be at tbe bottom ot it all, -' If I wore you, old man," he Bald, " I'd have the panelling dowD. It's no good taking pot-shots nt a floating hand ; but you might borrow a gin from the black- smith, and set lt on the table ont there just where wo saw tbe thing. We shall nab the contrivance then, and spoil at least ono joke." The latter suggestion was carried out ; but it met with no success, although the hand took up its position on exootly the same Bpot, Thoa we borrowed Borne tools and a lantern, and set to work on the panel, Tt wu« a tougher job to remove than we had bargained for, and there was a good deal of splintering and tearing before we BUO Deeded. But ac the baok we found largo iron bolts, toa rusty to bs of any further use. Whatever they had managed to con- ceal, they had held tight for many , and many a year. There could' be no question about that. The removal ot tho panel disalosod a flight ot stone stepB leading to a vault ; whlob we imagined to be a wino-oellar. Ted Btrnok a match, took a fuw steps into the blaokneBs, und rou batik exclaiming;, *' Good heavens I "Old pal," said he, "if yon like to go ou with the thing, all right. But hang me if I liko tho business.?' " What did you see ?" I asked. "See? Didn't you soc'om." " No, I didn't," ? ! " It's a grave, old man, ohook-fnll of skeletons. Where's your brandy-flask 1 Horriblo 1" A grave full of skeletons 1 Impossible I Moro likely tho stage property of the con- jurer. I lighted the lantern and went baok to the vault. I shall never forget the eight as long aa I live. Even to tbluk of it now, gives me tho "creeps." The vault seemed to run the entire length of the house. Its arched roof of stone was web with slime and ooze. Upon the walls were tattered remuante of some kind of tapestry. Many things whose shapo had ornmcled away were spread about that awful tomb, and here and there in the dust were trinkets-antique nnd discoloured Buch us ladies wear. But the ocoupants I At a long table eat, or lay, no ICBB, than fourteen skeletons, ghastly to look upon, and at their hoad was oue whose right hand bad neon Bevored at tho wrist. Tho hand waa missing. I am notneharcd to sny that cold dews of terror stood upon my forehead ; bot lt is enough to add that the bones are nuw buried in tho ohurohjard dose by, and that Bingle and I aignod a document whioh made me tho owner of Barton's Folly. It only remains for me to tell what I know ot its history. CHAPTER Ii. I may begin by saying that the ventil- ation of this underground vault had been Beonred by shafts running into the chimneys of the rooms above ; the fresh air beiug provided by similar ella fte communicating with outside gratings ingeniously concealed by shrubs. At the further end was another flight of stone stops leading up to a panel also barred-belonging to the room on the left of the hall. The main attraction to me, howevor, was a long iron box ; for Inside it I found all that can be told of the soarets of Barton's Folly. Most of the papers hidden there were lotter* ; Borne signed with ladies' names, others bearing men's signatures, But the most important document waa a book bound iu sheepskin, and composed of pnrobmont loaves. The first entry was signed and scaled by the letter-writers, and lu pairs. Thus "Joice" was bracketed with "Humphrie ;" " Margaret" with " Hogger," and so on. Seven pairs ot names, in all, ending with the signature " Humphrie Barton» Solymnn, Pres " So far as I could gather, this entry reoited the origin of a dub, H. B. Solyman being its president. But the writing was so full ot oontraocionB that it was long before I knew ita meaning. For the moment, I had seven pairs of tig natures to correspond with the fourteen skeletons we had found ; and I judged that " Solyman " was only another name for ' ' Singlohand." From what I could pleoe together after- wards, the history of that black vault amounted to something like this. Humphry Burton, ' ' sonne and heyre," as the writing said, " of Mr, Phylyppe Barton, Gent. Esqr.," appears to have been a mad young rake somewhere about the early times of tho New Monarchy.' Ho seores to have gathered round 'him six kindred spirits, who wore sworn to defy all laws, moral, social, or religious, whioh failed to meet with the approval of their master, the Dovil. These fine young fellowB wero all well-born und, as sometimes happens, in love with neighbouring heiresses. But their notoriety I achieved two main results ; their fathers struck them out of their inheritance, and they wore biddon to go to the Devil- the only paternal, command they seem to have obeyed, What happened then ia only conjecture ; but I gathered from the parohmunt-book that one fine day the seven ladies and six of their distinguished suitors disappeared without leaving the alighcBt clue behind them. One of che fathers of these ladies the only one, evidently,' who had any views in his head - immediately repaired to Barton's Folly and oharged Humphry -now Lord ot the Manor-with the abduc- tion of his daughter Jojoo. The duel that followod tock place In ike room over that in whioh I had slept ; and the outraged father managed to slice off tho sword-hand of his adversary. That worthy young gentleman ploked np tho divided member, set tho palm against the window-pano, and sworo that so long as its mark remained so long should the hiding-placo of his Joyce be mystery. Ho was a good prophet ; but I often wondor whothor tho pcrmanonoo of that mark was seourod by dinbolioal agenoy. After this affair ot honour, things seem to have .quieted down. No rooord remains ot any uprising on tho part ot tho neigh- bouring gentry. Perhaps there was an ineffectual search ; but the wonder is that the house was not demolished by the Infuri- ated squires. Even then I doubt if the secret of the vault would have been dis- covered ; for lt was wholly subterranean, aa I proved by taking np some of the flooring overhead. Nor is there anything to BUOW the precise relationship existing between the yoong ladies and their gallants. Still, it is to be boped that the Spaniards had already brought their .' flra-stiokn " to Manilla, and that Admiral Drake had introduced tobacoo into Devon as Joan Nicot did for Queen Catherine de Medioi'a tiresome headaches. Otherwise, life in an undergroupd vault would appear to Jaolt a something whian even llliolt love oonld not Bapply ; but then it waa always possible, though risky, to get up into the house. . For the rest, there was plenty in the parchment book to show that the time was spent In banquettlng" and junkotting down below-or, as the record hath lt, "in yie our hallo of meetynge." Bat, alas I the Prince of Darkness became wearied of the game ; wherefore he summoned his creatures to pay him an eternal visit. - Dissensions broke ont ; perhaps booan»o the ladies missod their tiring-maids. The entries in the book oloeo with abrupt referenoes to the collapse of the carnival. Thus one learns that '< Mistress Joice hath fetched Master Humphrle a boxe of ye lugge ;" that " Katherine bad swooned of a dead faint by reason of her kntgbteaconduok atto ye daunce," and other dreadful disasters. Finally, there is this entry " Master llnmpbrie hath prepsyred a onppe contnynyug hymlook (hemlook 7) and BOO to sleeps." And thia seems to have been tho end of it. Ted Withers, to whom I have read this story, corroborates its aoonraoy, bat donbts if anybody will be induced to believe it. I am inclined to agree with bim, although the proofs I possess would, I think, con- vince any impartial mind. Besides, thoro have been no manifestations bf any. sort since we buried the bones of those mis- guided revellers. At all events, they rest now in peace, and that is enough for me. 