A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, 'THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. \- ------- BY MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING. .uthor of "Wed, Yet No Wife," "Nor ine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. CHAPTER XI.-(Continued.) "Sit down," he said, impatiently shift tang away from her glance. "and don't ustare in that way, child. 1 don't sup :pose it's anything to be alarmed about, only-I think I ought to tell. You're .going to be married. and you ought to know. Then the burden and the secrecy will be off my conscience, and you can tell him or not, as you please. That will be your affair, and, if he deserts you--" He stopped again, again pressed his hand hard over his forehead, .as though the thread of his ideas had broken. - 'There is something queer ihe matteir with my head," lie half mut tered: "I doii't seem able to talk' or think somehow' to-night." '."Thei I iwouldn't try. papa," Kathe a-ine 'intterrupsed,, more and more .alarined; "y'ou are looking dreadfully. Let mie ring for Fincois to see you, and send fo: the doctor. I m' sure you are 'not fit to'le'up ""'-" ' . '.o :' no -don't, send-- at least, not yet: T h?v?e m'aedl, in.vym;ind ito-niight. ahd, f I don 't tell yoi.:now I 'miay; never :summon dcoih ii aini. You ouglihto oi, c:ihild-fou ought to k inow. oT are not safe- for' an hour. - It' is like living over a lighted mine until that 'woman is deatLd-" You.ought-to tell him that 'fallo'w-Date' you- know. If lie deserts you. as I said, better to do it before the wedding-day. tian after. I know it is the money he wants; I knoww he's a coward; and a humbug; and a fortune-hunter and lit inay be tlie greatest mercy for you, child, if lie does leave yout before the. wedding- day." atiherine started to her feet. "Papa,'" she cried, passionately. 'this s' too: bad--too cruel! I thought you were never going to speak against Gas ton again;' you told.me you would -not.. Surely he-has done nothing to deseire itf This day week is my wedding-day,! and you talk of .his deserting, ne. Papa,,.if such a thing happened-could happen I would kill myself--I tell you l .would! I would nrever survive sucd disgriace!"' He'sank into a ohali in adazed, help less sort of-way.- " ::' "What shall'I do ?" hesaid, wearily; S'what shall. I do:? If 7 had onily told ber iyearsandyears ao! Noow.it is too 'late!'- * She stood and looked 'at; iiin pale ,ith wonder and vague alarm.. \- "Told ime what ? Is it the ecret that Mrs Vavasor holds ? TWhy not tell me, then ? ' Whatever it is, I can bear It; I can bear anything except vyour hard wiords of Gaston-your talk of his deserting me. Tell me, my father; I'm not a child or a coward. I can bear it, .vhatever-it is." "You think so, but you don't know; you don't know! You hate that woman, and you are so proud, so proud. You cannot bear poverty, you told me that: and I, what can I do ?* I cannot save you from-" His incoherent words died away; his bead fell back. Katherine sprang to his side with a scream of terror. An other instant, and she flew to' the bell, ringing a peal tr.at nearly toie it down. Oh! "What was this ? His face had grown purple, his whole form rigid; what he had feared so long had befallen at last. He was stricken with apoplexy. The room filled with frighiented ser vants. After the first shock, all Kathe-e rine's senses came. back. :She de spat'hed a man'at once to Castleford foi" the family doctor. Sir John was con veyed to :bed, undressed, and all the Srestoratives they knew how. to use ap-1 \- plied. ':All in;vain.' With the dawning ;of the Christmas Diy, the stalivart old Ssohl:ierlay before them, breathing, ster Storously,:and quite senseless. :-:-Dector Graves and his assistant, a young: man,, Mr Otis, arrived, and at once pronounced the fit apoplexy. They sent the pale girl in the festal dress, the shining pearls, and the wild, wide eyes, Sout of the room. and did their best for the master of that grand old house. But they labored in vain; the long hours wore away, and still Sir John lay rigid and senseless where they at first laid Shim. iWhite as a spirit, almost as cold, al .mnst as still, Katherine went up to her room. She made no attempt to change Bier dress, to remove her jewels. She had loved this most indulgent father very dearly-the possibility that he could be taken from her had never occurred to her. Only yesterday morning lie had ridden with her over the downs, only last night he had sat at the head of his table and entertained his guests. And mow-he lay yonder, stark and lifeless dead already, for what she knew. She could not rest. She left her room, and'paced up and down the long cor ridor. He was not dead-she could hear his loud breathing where she l alked. She could not cry; tears, that relieve other ,women, other girls of her age, rarely came to Katherine. She felt cold and 'wretched. How drearily still the great 'house was: Would those two doctors never open that door and let her in to "her father! What had he been trying to tell her?-what dreadful secret was "this that involved her life, and which "mad-. his so miserable? He had talked 'of Gaston deser-ting her. The wedding :must be postponed now, and postponed 'weddings were always ominous. How -was it all going to end? She shivered in her low-necked and 'short-sleeved dr.ss, but it never occur "red to her'to go for a wra.p. She stood 'and looked out of the oriel window once \- mnorixe. iMorning was breaking-Christ -nas morning-red and golden, and glorious in the east. The first pink rays .of the sunrise glinted through the leaf .less trees, over terrace and glade, lawn and woodland. Outside the gates the :carol singers were blithely chanting al ,ready: new life-new joy everywhere without; and within, the lord of this 'stately mansion, of this majestic park, 'lay dying, it might be. "But it was not death. The door open -ed presently, and the pale, keen face of :Mr Otis, the assistant, looked out. ."'Sir John has recovered conscious iness, Miss Dangerfield," 'he said, "and is -asking for you." "Thank Heaven!" Katherine's heart 'responded, but the dreary oppression did not lift. She went into the sick room, knelt down beside the bed in her shining robes, and softly kissed the helpless hand. "'You are better, papa?" " But Doctor Graves interrupted at .'once; \- "You may remain with Sir John, Miss 'Dangerfield; but neither of you must :speak a word. Danger is over for the \- present, but I warn you tihe slightest 'excitement now or at any future time -may prove fatal." " The eyes of .the stricken man were fix •ed upon her with a strange, earnest rwistfulness. He tried feebly to speak Isis fingers closed .almost convulsively Sover hers. She bent her ear to catch his ,jvords. "Send for Hammersly-I must make ii'y willn." "She kissed him' soothingly, ' "Yes; papa, darling; but not now. 524' * , ;5 4 :-\' . ;, There's no hurry, you know-all present danger is over. You are to be very still, and go to sleep. I will stay by you and wa tch." "You will drink this, Sir John," Dr. Graves said, authoritatively, and the sick man swallowed the opiate, and, with his hand still clasped in Kathe rine's, fell asleep. Dr. Graves departed. Mr Otis remain ed; Katherine kept her vigil by the bed side. very pale in the sunlight of the new day. Mr Otis watched her furtively from his remote seat. Hers was a strik ing face, he thought, a powerful face a face full of character. "That girl will be no common woman," hle thought: "for good or for evil, she's destined to wield a powerful influence. You don't see such a face as that many times in life." The weary moments wore on. The Christmas morning grew brighter and brighter. The house was still very quiet. Outside the wintry sunshine sparkled, and the trees rattled in the frosty Wind. The pale watcher lay back in her chair, paler with every passing moment, but never offering to stir. How white she was, how 'weary she looked. The young doctor's heart went out to her in a great compassion. "'Miss Dangerfield. pardon me, but you are worn out. There is no danger no0w. and you may safely trust Sir John to my care.Pray let me prevail upon you to go and lie down." Slie opened her eyes, and looked at him in some surprise, and with a faint smile. "You are very kind,' she said, gently, -'but I promised' to stay here till he awoke : There ias niotling more to be said Miss Dageerfield's tone admitted of no dispute: .Mr Otis went back to his seat, and, listened to the ticking of the clock, I and : the sighing. of the December wind.:. .. It was almost. nioon when Sir John awoke-much, better and " quite con scious. His daughter had never stirred. She bent over him the instant his eyes opened. "Papa, dear, you are better?'" "You are here still, Kathie?" he saidl feebly. "'Have you never been to bed at all?" :"No, Sir John," Mr Otis in'errupted, coming forward; "and I must beg of you to use your influence to send her there. Her long vigil has quite worn her out, but she would not leave you." -.She stooped and kissed him. 'I- will go.now, papa. Mr Otis and MI:S Harrison will stay wlth j-ou. I do feel a little tired, I admit." Sir John's attack seemed but slight, after all. He kept his bed all next day, but onithle third was able to sit up. "And I- doi't see any necessity for 'postponing - our wedding. Katherine," ,tr, Gaston Dantree said. "since by New Year's Eve Sir John will be almost com liietely restored." ':But he will not be able to drive to the church with me. Gaston," Katherine argued. "Dr 'Graves will not permit hini to leave the house for a fortnight, and, besides, the excitement." "Katherine," her loser interrupted, decidedly. "I will not have our marriage postponed-the most unlucky thing con ceivable. If Sir John is not able to go to church at Castleford and give you away, why, let us obtain a special license, and have the ceremony here in the house. If the mountain can't come to Mahomet, why, Miahomet can go to the mountain. A wedding in the house would be a vast deal pleasanter to my mind than in pub lic at Castleford, with all the people of the.parish agape. at the' bride and groom, and all }Castleford barracks clanking their spurred heels and steel scabbards up the aisles, putting us out of countenance." -Katherine laughed. "My dear, bashful Gaston. the" first time I ever dreamed that anything earthly could put: ou out of. counten ance! Well, I'Ill ask papa, and it shall he as lie says." M:.iss Dangerfield did ask papa. and, rather to her surprise,:: received an al nost eager assent::.'- - " es "yes .'he said,:fi~terislily. .Dan tree's right--ar postiponed marriage is the most uniluckli thing' on earth. We won't postpone It. .Let a special license be obtained .'fromn the 'archbishop, and let it be in the house, as Dauitree sug gests, since my driving with you to church is an impossibility. Since It must be done, 'twere well it were' done quick ly. Let the summer drawing-room be fitted up, and let the ceremony be per formed there." Mr Peter Dangerfield had been a daily visitor at Sca'rsiood ever since his un cle's illness-no nephew more devoted, more anxious than Ire. The baronet lis tened to his eager inquiries after his health, his son-like anxiety, with a cyni cal smile. "If I were dead there would be no one between him and the title--you under L stand. I have no doubt Peter is-anxi ous that--I should never recover." "Something's happened to Pete, papa," I answered Katherine thoughtfully. "He's Sgot quite a new way of talking and car rying himself of late. He looks as if some great good fortune had befallen him. Now. \\\hat do you suppose it can be?" "Great good fortune." Sir John re peated, with rather startled face. "I think you must be mistaken. Kather I ine. I wonder," very slowly this. "if--if the-- has been in communication with MIrs Vavasor since her departure." For Mrs Vavasor's presence in Castle : ford was still a profound secret. She had taken lodgings in the remotest and quietest suburb of the town. She never 1 ventured abroad by day, and had as sumed an alias. She and Mr Danger Sfield kept tr'yst in the evenings, in lone ly lanes and deserted places, and no one save himself dreamed of her presence. 1 Tut three days no' to the wedding day, and those three flew apace. It had been arranged that since, contrary to all precedent, the marriage was to b'e performed at Scarswood, it should also take place in the evening, to be followed, in the gobd old-fashioned way, by a sup per and s ball, and the bridal party start 1 next day for the Continent. The hour ewas fixed for seven, and half the county invited. SSir Joihn's progress towards strengtlh s was very slow. Some secret anxiety seemed preying on his mind and keeping him back. He watched his idolised darl ing flying up and down'stairs, dashing, bright as the sunshine itself, in and out of the room, singing like a skylark in her perfect bliss, and he shrank from tile sight as though it gave him positive pain. "How call I tell her," he thought; 0 "how can I ever tell her! And yet I. k ought-I ought." r Once or twice hlie feebly made the at e templt, but IKatherine put him downn Im mediately in her decided way. "Not a wndrd now, papa--I won't have it. I don't want to hear~any nasty, an noying secrets two days before my wed s ding, and have nmy peace of mind dis turbed in this way. If I've got to hear e this disagreeable thing, let me wait un til the honeymoon is over--Gaston will e help me bear it then. You tried to tell me on Christmas Eve, and brought on a fit of apoplexy; and now, contrary to all medical- commands, you want to be gin over again ,and bring on another. SBut I'm mistress of the situation at pre s sent, and I won't listen; so set ydur mind at rest, and don't wear that, gloomY e countenance, on the eve of youn only daughter's marriage." He was'too feeble to resist 'He held her to him' a. inoment, and lookedinrto the happy youpg face with a weary sigh. \- -. c . ,:· "I suppose few fathers look very joy ous on the. eve of an only daughter's marriage, and .I have greater reason I than you dream of to look gloomy. But let it be as you say-let us postpone the evil hour as long as we can." The last day came-the day before New Year's Eve. The bride-elect had been busier even than usual all day. Dantree dined and spent the evening there alone. They were both .very grave, very quiet; that long, peaceful evening, the last of her youth and her happiness, never faded from the girl's memory. The picture. as she saw it then. haunted her to her dying hour - the big, lamp-lit drawingroom-her: father's quiet figure lying back in his easy chair before the fire-her lover at the piano playing soft, melancholy airs, and she herself nestl ing in an easy-chair, listening to the music and his whispered words-the "sweet nothings" of courtship. She fol lowed him out into the grand portico en trance of the house to say good-bye for the last time. The cold,, white moon sailed up the azure, the stars were num berless, the trees cast long, black sha dows in the ivory light. The Aight'air sighed faintly In the woodland; some thing in the still, solemn beauty of the dying night filled the girl's heart'with a sense almost of pain. "The sun will shine to-morrow," Gas ton whispered; "aid 'blessed is the bride that the sun shines on.' Good night, my darling, for the last time." HIe held her in his arms.?a moment-for the last time. The-last time! And no foreboding of all that was so.near 'at hand came to her as she stood there. The promise of the-night did not hold good. MIr Dantree's prediction as to the sunshiie was not destined to be fulfilled. The last day of the year dawned cloudy, cold, and overcast. 'A long lamentable blast soughed up from th'e sea, the low lying sky frowned darkly over the black, frost-bound earth. "We're going to have a storm." Sir John remarked; "our guests must reach us through a tempest this afternoon." The storm broke at noon-rain, sleet, and roaring wind. Katherine shivered as she listened to the wild whistling of the blast. She, usually the least nerv ous and superstitious of all human be ings, felt little cold chills creeping over her, as she hearkened to its wintry hcwls. "It sounds like the cry of 'a banshee," she said, with a shudder, to Edith Tal bot. "Such a ¶ild, black; sleety, wret ched winter day! And last night there was. not a cloud in the sky! Edith, do you believe in omens?" "I believe this is a disagreeable day, as it is in the nature of December days to be, and that you are a nervous little goose for the first time in your life. You don't suppose 'Ir Dantree is sugar or salt to melt in the rain. or a feather for the wind to blow away. Don't be so restless and fidgety, Kathie or you'll make inc as nervous as yourself." The short, dark, winter afternoon drag ged on. With the coming of the night the storm seemed to increase; The roar of the winds deepened, the dull thunder of the surf on the shore reached them, the trees waved in the high gale like human things in pain, and the ceaseless sleet lashed the glass. "An awful day for a wedding," even the servants whispered. "No wonder poor Bliss Katherine looks like a ghost." Shire was pale beyond -all the ordinary strangely silent. Darkness fell; the whole house was lighted up; flowers bloomed everywhere, as though it had been midsummer; warmth and luxury everywhere within contrasted with the travail of the dying year. Under the hands of her maid, Katherine sat pas sive to all changes. The supreme hour of her life had come, and in every wail of wind, every dash of frozen rail, she seemed to hear the warning words of her old nurse: "False as fair! False as fair." Six o'clock. The rector of Castleford and his curate had arrived. Half-past six! The musicians had come, and the earliest of the nuptial guests; the roll of carriages could be heard through the tumult of the storm. "I wonder if Gaston has arrived?"' Katherine said. It was the first time she had spoken for half an hour. Her attendant brides maids. five besides Miss Talbot, were all there. The dressing-rooms were bright with fair girls, floating tulle and laces, and fragrant with flowers. Miss Talbot and the French maid were alone with the bride. The last touch had been given to the toilet. The robe of dead white silk swept' in its richness far be hind, the tall, slim figure looked taller and slimmer than ever, the virginal orange blossoms crowned the long, light brown hair, the bridal veil floated like a mist over all. The last jewel was placed, the last ribbon tied, the last fall of lace arranged. She stood before the mirror, fair, pale, pensive-a bride ready for the altar. Seven o'clock! The Swiss clock, tel ling.the quarters.and the hour, startled them. How the moments flew-how fast the guests were arriving through the storm. The roll of carriages was almost incessant now, and lifting her dreamy eyes, Katherine repeated her inquiry: "I wonder if Gaston has come?" "What a question!" cries Miss Talbot. "A bridegroom late, and that bride groom Ir Dantree, of all men. Of course, he has come, and is w'aiting in a fever of impatience down stairs! Ninon, run and see." The French girl went. and came flying back breathlessly. "MIademoiselle, how strange. Monsieur Dantree has not arrived. lMonseigneur the abbe is ready and waiting-all the guests are assembled, hut, tfon Dieu, tihe bridegroom is late." - - Miss Talbot looked at her friend. Neither spoke nor moved. The flock of bridesmaids, "a rose-bud garden of girls." came floating in with their misty drapery, their soft voices, and stibdued laughter. It was seven o'clock, and the wedding hour. \- There was a tan at the door. Ninon opened it. and old Sir John, white as ashes, and trembling on his stick, en tered and approached his daughter. "Katherine, Dantree has not come." "I know it, father. Something has happened." Her voice was quite steady, but a grey, ashen terror blanched her face. "Had you not 'better send to Mtore cambe?" Edith Talbot interposed. "He was auite well when I left this morning. Has George arrived?" "Your brother is here, Miss Talbot." "And what does hlie say?" "Nothing to the point. Before dark Dantree-left him to go to his room and dress. Your brother when starting for here sent him word, and found his room deserted. Taking it for granted he wished to be alone; and had left for Scarswood before . him, your brother came over at once. He was astonished when he arrived at not finding him here." And then dead silence fell, What did it mean? Below the guestsahad 'gathered in groups, whispering ominously; in the "bridal chamber" bride and bridesmaids Slooked at each olher's eale faces and never spdke.' -ii'e by one the momerits" '-told off. A quarter-past seven, and still no bridegroom! Then all at once wheels dashed up to the door-in the entrance hall there was the sudden bustle' of an arrival. Kather ine's heart gave one great bound; and Edith Talbot. unable to endure the sus pense, unable to look at her friend's tortured face, turned and ran out of the room. "Wait." she said. "I will be back in a moment." She flew down the stairs. Some one had arrived-a gentleman-but not Gas ton Dantree. The newcomer, pale, breathless, eager. was only Peter Dan gerfield. But he might bring news-he looked as though he did. She was by his side in a moment, and her hand on his arm. "What is it?" she said. "Has anything hannened to aIr Dantree?" "Yes, Dangerlield," exclaimed Captain Devere, coming forward. "As second best man I have a right to know.. Shor ten the agony, if possible, and out with it. What's up? The hour is past, and the bride is waitinig. Where ' is the. bridegroom?" - - CHAPTER XII. - THE TELLING OF THE SECRET. Where was the briidegroom? Gaston Danrree bade good-bye to Katicerie Dangerfield, and rode .down that noble avenue of elms leading to the ponderous gates. ?.His h6rse's foitsteps rang clear and sharp through the still, frosty air, the silvery mist of moonlight bathed all things in its pale, mystic glow. He paused an instant, to look back ere ihe rode awvay, TVWhat't fair domain it was-what a: stitely sweep of park, and glade, and woodland--fairer than ever in the pearly lighi o'f the December moon. How noble: the old. house looked, with its turrets,.its peaked gables, its. mas sive stack of chimneys. : And to-mor row all this would be ishis-is- he an outcast of the NewoYork streets., He lauglied softly, exultantly, toJ'.liim self, as he turned a:nd .rode swiftly away. "It's better to be born lucky than rich; it's better to be bornf.-handsome, than lucky. 'A clear complexion:and a.set of regular features,,a tenor voice, arid ii sinuating mannersls,have.done more for me than they .dd for most men. They have made my fortune. ".IHalf the men ah'd womei- iri tcieýworld are foils at best, and don't know hoiv to use' the gifts with which nature endows them. I was born in the gutter, brought up in the streets, adopted out of charity, turned out for', my shortcomings, to starve, or steal, or. go to State prison, or--become the literary hack of a sport ing paper, ill-paid and ill-used. And now-to- morrow is my wedding-day, and a baronet's daughter, and the heiress of eight thousand a year, is to be my bride. Gaston Dantree, I con gratulate you again, and still again. You're one of the very cleverest fellows I ever knew in the whole course of my life." And then, as Mr Dantree rode over the moonlit high road, he astonished belated wayfarers by up lifting his voice in melody, so sweet and clear that even the sleeping nightingales, had there been any in December, might have awakened to listen and envy. The wheels of the world were greased on their axles for him. A bride, and a fortune, and a life of perpetual pleasure, lay beyond to morrow's sunrise. There was only one thorn.in ell his bed of ro?A-.Mae;le. "If she should conm'e, -aflF' a.i i-a Satan himself, I believe, can never tell what a woman may do. You may be as certain as that you live she will take one course, and ten to one she takes the direct opposite. For 'Marie de Lan sac to pursue any man, though he sat on the throne of the Cesars, is the most unlikely thing on earth, and for that very reason she may turn up now. If she should appear to-morrow; and for bid the marriage! Such things happen sometimes. Or, if she should turn .up a year hence, and iroclaim ny secret and her wrongs! . And.:bigamy's a de vilish ugly 'vord!" . The shadow of the ,avenger pursued Mr Dantree into drieamland. His vi sions this ante-nuptial niglitm g iere all dark and ominous: He fell asleep; to see the face of the wonianl he feared, dark and menacing; he a" oke, and fell asleen again, to see it pallid .and de spairing, wild with woman's utmost woe. He started out of bed at last, it some abnormal hl'pur ini the disinal ' dawn, with a curse'upon his lips. Sleeping or waking, the face of Marie de Lansac haunted him like an avenging ghuost. (To be continued.) 