TROUBLE IN THE MILK TRADE. | Mass Meeting of Suppliers. A STRIKE THREATENED. Fully 120 milk suppliers, representing all parts of the districb, met at the Agricultural Hall, Dapto, on Saturday afternoon for the purpose of discussing the present diffieulby in tho milk trade, nnd, if possible, arriving at some means of securing an increase in price and pre '?'''S icuurrenuu ui one irouoie in future. Mr. C. J. Cullen, J.P., president of the United Milk Suppliers' Associa tion, occupied the chair, and among those present were Messrs. J. Kidd and Moore, representing tho suppliers in the districb of Camden, and Mr Alex. Camp bell, M.P., representing those of Kiama. The chairman explained that on June 7th, after a great deal of trouble, an agreemenb to. return ad per gallon to suppliers was entered into by the Fresh Food and Ice Co., Farmers and Dairy men's Co., the Direct Supply Co. and Mr Harvey ; bub a few days afterwards the association received a communication* from Mr. Pateson to the effect that the Farmers and Dairymen's Co. was retail ing the milk at 10£d instead of lid, as agreed upon, and consequently he would be compelled to follow suib. The price to suppliers, on account of this alleged under-selling, was therefore reduced to 6£d. Now, the farmers could not live and pay their way on 6d a gallon. He felb satisfied that under presenb condi bions ib cosb 6Jd to produce every gallon, and if bhat sorb of thine continued for long many farmers would experience ruination. .The trouble was all due to the differences between tho milk com panies. It was sbabed bhat some of the companies were giving a week's and a fortnight's supply of milk to various people free in ordor to divert custom. Why, he asked, should the farmers have to suffer through this struggling for trade between the companies? They should ab presenb be receiving 8d at the very lowest, and, further, pressure should be brought to bear upon the managers to enter intoan agreement — a heavy penalty being fixed for breach thereof — to return at least 6^d per gallon right through the summer. Unless some such arrange ment could be arrived at, tbe executive should be empowered to arrange for suppliers to cease sending their milk to Sydney and have it treated ab bhe various factories and creameries. They did not want to strike, but the time had un doubtedly arrived when they should take the reins in their own hands and refuse to sell their milk for less than what they considered a fair and reasonable price. (Applause.) The chairman then read a letter re ceived from Mr. Pateson (manoger of the F.F. and I. Co.), of which the following is a copy : — Dear Sir. — I see a letter from Mr. James Cunningham following one from Mr. M'Phail stating they knew nothing of any fight between the company they represented and the Direct Supply Co. This miv or may not be true, but this I can nssert nnd defy either Mr. Cunningham or Mr. M'Phail to truthfully contradict — that an agreement was arrived at, signed by Mr. Harvey (on behalf of the Country Milk Co ), Mr. Pratten (Direct Supply Co.), Mr. Cunningham (Farmers and Dairymen's Co.), and the writer (on behalf of hiB com pany),' that milk should be increased to 4£ per quart retail and Is Id per gallon wholesale and that vendors should not pay less than lid per gallon, that leaving a marg'n of 3d for the companies to pay freight, cooling, charges, &c.;, Imagine, then, my astonishment when, 3 doys after the agreement was brought into vogue, I was nailed upon by a deputa tion of my vendors who asserted that the Farmers (and Dairymens' Company were only charging vendors lOAd. I immediately rang up Mr. Cunningham, who rep'iad that ib was so, assigning as his reason that the Direct Supply Co. .were nominally charg ing lid, but giving over measure to make the difference of £d. Naturally — and I would ask you to impress this upon the meeting — that I had to ask Mr. Cunningham whether he had broken.- the agreemeut, he never having informed me that such was the oase. Then, again, they commenced giving milk away to certain customers and had an army of canvassers offering in some cases i a week's milk for nothing, afterwards at 4d per quart ; and if the meeting chooses to elect a committee who shall, if it choose, be every one Farmers and Dairymen's sup pliers, I undertake to prove my statements to, 1 think, their satisfaction. Regarding the question of vendors, I am not going to discuss that now, for many know as much about it aB mvaeif, but [ would ask Mr. Cunningham or Mr. M'Phail whether any company had a vendor before the advent o( the Farmers and Dairymens' Company. As they have taken the opportunity of putting their side of the question before the suppliers through the press and as I have had no time to reply, I think you will admit it is only fair you should read this. Thank ing you in anticipation, — Yours truly, H. Pateson. Tbe chairman said the executive had that morning carefully considered the whole question, and had drafted a motion, which he would now move, but which of course could be altered or amended in any way the meeting desired. The motion was:— 'That this meeting express strong dissatisfaction at the recent reduction in price, and is of opinion it should be raised to 8d; but if that is impossible the executive arrange for the price to be maintained ab nob' less bhan 6£ throughout the coming summer, or otherwise arrange with bhe dairy factories for the treatment of the milk.' The secretary remarked that since the meeting of the executive in Sydney the price of butter had fallen 2d, which of course weakened their fighting position. The chairman said that if they decided to stop supplies a difficulty might arise concerning the treatment of the milk, because six of the district creameries were in the hands of the various milk companies. He thought, however, that arrangements mighb be made with the other factories to tre.it the whole of their milk ab bho bare cost, the expense being distributed over the whole body of producers. The Unanderra factory would be willing to treat 4000gals. per day, and Bimilar arrangements could doubtless bo made with the Albion Park and Pioneer factories. Mr. Couch (Dunmore) seconded the motion. The milk suppliers, had beqn treated by the companies in such a way, he said, that they were now abso lutely compelled to take some such course for tho protection of their own interests. Mr. W. M. Cook (Benares) supported the motiqn, saying he deeply regretted that such an extremo step was necessary. Mr. James Porter (Mt. Keira) asked the chairman to read the exact motion passed at bhe Kiama meebing of suppliers bhe previous day. The chairman did so, as follows : — 'That we, the suppliors of this district, agree bo withhoW our milk from bhe Syd ney companies-provided such decision bo also agreed upon in all milk-suDDlvins centres — unless the price paid to sup pliers be raised to 8d after a certain date, suoh date to be named by the executive of the Milk Suppliers' Associa tion.' Mr. Porter thought it would be wise to adopt the Kiama motion, for unless the suppliers acted unitedly they would never attain their object. By keeping their milk at home for o time they would J-.U.l ? ? 1. 1 , 1 uuuuuebtt auner soma loss, ouo ne was positive the gain would eventually be very great. Some such action should have been taken long ago, and had the farmers been half as plucky as the minei s they would have long since gained their end. (Applause.) Mr. Waldron (Spring Hill) agreed with Mr. Porter. He favored the idea of a sliding scale, with the minimum priee ab say 6d and the maximum 9d, the fluctuations between those figures to be controlled by the executive of the association and the managers, and the price once agreed on to stand for three months. Unless they took a firmer Btand than they had in the past tho companies would hold them in contempt. Mr. Porter moved, and Mr. Waldron seconded — 'That the motion passed by the Kiama meeting be endorsed.' Messrs. Cullen and Armstrong claimed that the motion drafted by the executive was pracucauy in accord wicn cue Ji-iama motion but a little more elastic, and had been approved of by the Kiama repre sentatives. Mr. John Kidd (Camden) said he and Mr. Moore had been appointed by the Camden milk-suppliers to attend that meeting and see if they could fall in line with the South Coasb suppliers in their efforts to bring about an improved state of things. The representatives of the dairy farmers had long occupied a humiliating position on account of the attitude of the various Sydney companies. After a great deal of trouble they had obtained an increase in price only to see it lowered again shortly afterwards. The speaker detailed the steps leading up to the recent increase to 8d, and went on to say thab soon after this increase was agreed to a dispute took place between the F. and D. Co. and the Direct Supply Co. on account of feheir vendors endeavor iug uu uuiuiu eacu genera customers. At a meeting of bhe members of tbe executive to deal with the matter they became convinced thab this tampering had been carried on, and the other managers were so incensed thab they immediately advertised an all-round reduction of prices. No doubt the suppliersbad the remedy for all the trouble in their own hands, but they must be reasonable in their demands. (Applause.) As one of tho speakers had Baid, they mighb bake a leaf out of the miners' book when necessary. Bub he for one did not like strikes, and it must be remembered that the coal-miners had usually lost the battle. The position of dairy-farmers, however, would not be helpless in the event of a strike like that of coal-miners or other trades, for they would still have their milk to convert into butter and feed their pigs, etc. There was one consi deration which should not be lost Bight of : He thought that if the milk brought a retail price of 16d per gallon in Sydney the supplier ought to receive at least half that amount ; but the trouble was that if their demand for 81 were granted the retail price would be raised to Is 6d, and thab would enable bhe dairymen aboub Sydney bo cub into the companies' trade. That was the only difficulty before thera. The companies ought to be able to dis tribute the milk and pay expanses out of half the retail price ; but the vendors insisted, forsooth, upon having as much for merely distributing, without any responsibility, as the producer. What the suppliers should . now do, through their organisation, was to ask the com Daniss to return a fair nrice for ' their produce and to Bay to them : ' We can't help you in your troubles with each other ; they have nothing to do with us. If yon want our milk our price is 8d (or whatever figure might be decided on), and we cannob leb you have ib for less, for it would nob pay us bo do so.' (Applause.) And if all bhe suppliers were united in the matter the managers would be compelled to agree to their terms. Unfortunately, however, in some districts it bad been found that there were always some suppliers who wanted to have a ' cut in ' themselves when they saw a chance of getting a good, price. Mr. Armstrong : We have no trouble with thab down here. Mr. Kidd : I am pleased to hear it. Unfortunately the want of unanimity among the farmers has always been a great difficulty in connection with the proper regulation of the milk trade. Mr. Moore (Camden) considered that bhe mosb important meeting beld tor many a long day in connection with the milk trade. The time bad corns when some definite action must be taken. He thought at the present time 8d was too much to ask for, considering tbe recent fall in the price of butter and the fact thab spring was faBt' approaching. Another thing to be considered was tho gradually-increasing number of dairy men aboub Sydney. It had been said that the threatened strike, if carried into effect, would affeot the metropolis very little, as the dairymen round about the city could supply almosb all that was 1 required. ,(' Bosh I') They must ask ( only a reasonable price, bub having onco fixed- that price they should stand shoul der to shoulder and insist upon getting it. (Applause.) Any reform must be effected in cheapening the cost of distri bution. Tho consumers could not be asked to pay more, else the trade would be lost, and the Sydney ? milk trade, which would continue to assume gradu ally increasing proportions, was well worbli looking after. He thought there was no necessity for a strike, for if the companies saw that the suppliers were de termined to fight unitedly they would soon arrange bo give bhein a reasonable price. (Applause.) Considering all the oircum sbances, he bhought bhey thould not ask for more bhan 7|d. As for tho proposal that the companies should pledge them selves to return 6£d all through tho summer he thought it premature, for tho price would naturally depend on cirouin- ? stances. Should there be a flush season they would have no show of getting 6Jd. Mr. F. Badgery : Nob the ghost of a show 1 ? Mr. Moore :JBerhaps it would be as low as 5r), but even that with a large output would pay. Mr. Alex. Campbell, M.P., said he was presenb ab the request of the Kiama suppliers. The resolution before the meeting was, in his opinion, hardly defi nite enougn. it snoweu a weaKness where strength should be displayed — viz , in that portion which said ' if the rise to 8d be impossible,' Who were to be the judges as to the possibility or impossibility — the companies or the suppliers 1 If the former, they know what bhe decision would be. (Applause.) He contended they should use the term ' shall ' — ' the price shall be increased to 8d ' — (applause) — otherwise they would be showing the white feather. The vendors had penalised the milk pro ducers for the last six months by low prices and it was time the suppliers said: ' We shall have a fair price for the remainder of the winber,' during which thev would have to continue feeding their cattle. The suppliers held the key in their hands j they only had to turn it. He believed thab at leasb nine benthB of the suppliers would loyally supporb the associabion in any course decided on. (Applause.) Ab the Kiama meeting be made a suggestion bhab not only should a higher price be demanded but that that higher price should continue until the associabion de cided obherwise. (Applause.) The suppliers had been played . wibh boo long. They had had too many plausible tales from the managers, who had come down to their meetings singly, and the result had been dilly-dallying from week to week without any benefit to the dairy farmer. It was ridiculous that they should now be only getting factory prices for the milk sent to Sydney, for to put them on a footing of equality with those who supplied factories they should at- least receive 2d more than the latter. He hoped that whatever was decided upon at that meeting would be carried out and acted up bo by every one engaged in the industry. Mr. Armstrong said that if the sup pliers wore in a position to strike he would say 'Strike' and be done with it. A voice : Wo are in that position. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Armstrong (continuing) said they lrnfl»v woll fr.lmh f.hft nnf-.irA strength of the suppliers, split up as they, were into supporters of various compan ies, was nob behind tbe executive, else such strong terms as ' must' and 'shall' could be used to the managers with confidence. In their presenb condition, if they addressed the term 'shall' to the companies, the managers might respond wibh ' You be hanged, bhe price wonb go up.' The supporters of each company probably considered their par ticular company wasrighb and the others wrong, and in the event of a strike there would surely be a split. He was afraid some of the suppliers would be obliged, under their agreements, to give 14 days notice to cease sending milk to Sydney, and by the time the notice was up butter would luive probably dropped to lOd and bhey would be sorry for the., step hey had taken. He thought the milder terms would prove less irritating and more effective. Mr. Porter having withdrawn his amendment, Mr. Campbell moved — 'That an in crease in tbe price of milk, such as the executive may think fair and just, shall be demanded and insisted upon, and no reducbion shall bake place wibhoub the concurrence of the executive of tbe United Milk Suppliers' Association.' (Applause.) Mr. Bigg (Shellharbor) seconded the motion, saying thab, if thab meebing failed as previous meetings had, the companies would whip the suppliers uiore severely than they . had yeb done, for they would see the farmers could not unite and that they had thera completely in their power. He was strongly of opinion that the executive should have the power to fix the price. Mr. Piper (Marshall Mount) said it was time all concerned realised that the milk belonged to the suppliers, nob' bo bhe companies, and it would be hard if they were to have no say as to what the price of their milk should bp. If they were refused a reasonable price let them treat it at the factories, If a satisfactory arrangement could be come to by which the price would be fixed by the suppliers he believed it would be better for the companies also, as there need bhen be no friction between them. If the compauies wanted to fight, leb them find their own ammunition. (Applause.) At this stage the chairman intimated that he would accept Mr. Campbell's amendment in lieu of the motion, which was withdrawn. Mr. Frank Badgery asked what would he £he position of the suppliers to the F. land D. Co., who were in a different position to the suppliers of the other companies, inasmuch as they were bound to send their milk to the company or forfeit their shares. ' Mr. Lang: They ought to be for feited. Mr. Badgery : Thab mighb be Mr. Lang's opinion. As bhey knew, the company would like to forfeit his (Mr. Badgery's) shares nnd so geb rid of him, bub he was not willing to be got rid of. He was afraid all would not acb together in the event of a strike. Mr. Bigg said that, as a shareholder in tho F. and D, Co. for the past six or seven years, he was perfectly willing, in the event of ib appearing that the com pany was standing in the way of an increase to forfeit his shares and keep his milk ab home. (Applause.) He was satisfied, however, that that company was not standing in the way of an increase. (Applause.) Mr. -Campbell expressed tho opinion that if the F. and D. Co's articles of associabion placed the shareholders in an inferior position bo that oE the other suppliers the sooner they called a special meeting and altered them the better. (Applause.) Mr. E. R. Evans (Dapto) spoke strongly in favor of Mr Campbell's I motion, which was carried unanimously, I Mr. Moore declaring that, should the executive fix the price at a reasonable figure, the milk suppliors in Illawarra could depend on the hearty supporb of those in the Camden district. 