®HE BROKEN ROWLOCK. /.'Albert" Langdon and Charles Naylor wsro companions of long standing. lu tbo same Wsa-at school, and residing in tbe same street, V>- childish attachment strengthened as tbey 'grew older, until they seemed more like brothers than friends. They helped eaob other With their home lessons, or rather, Albert assisted his friend, who would nob bnvo kept his placekvthe school bub for such aid. In tbo Summer evenings they often went fishing, and occasionally, as thoy grew older, had a row up Ifche Ribble as far as Waltonohurch, j Charlies father wished his only son to learn tis own trade, that of a cabioot-makcr, but iMberb meant to bo a schoolmaster, and in the end both became pupil tc&oheis; in their old fechool. \- When both were 17 years of age, a well-to-do uncle of Albert's died, and bequeathed to his favourite nephew a logacy.of £2,000, tbo income meantime to bo spout on tbo fortunate youth's education. Tbe legaoy lod to o feeling of cool ness between the two friends, Naylor foncying that Lungdon 44 put on airs " because of his for tune. On Naylor's 18th birthday, however, he jwps the recipient of a splendid little boat, just jbig enough for two, Langdon having purchased Awo boats exactly alike, out of his first half- year's interest on his legacy. | This generous act renewed the strained friend- llliip, and for a time all went aloug smoothly. KThetwo often wont on the river with their boats, occasiuuuliy racing in a friendly fashion, Ind sometimos takiug a fiicnd with them. Among the pupil teachers was a pretty girl 'mimed Alice Crook, a favourite with tbo whole ischool, and lb soon became apparent that for her smiles the -two ft tends wero rivals. And when Charles- Naylor made the mortifying disoovery that Alice preferred Albert's company, and that she gladly accepted his assistance in pre- tparing her evening lessons, the spirit of the youth again burned fiercely, and be vowed No have his revenge "some day." Outwardly, Itoall appearance, ho was as friendly as ever; bo<coald not pick a quarrel with Langdon with- out giving a reason ; and to oootesa that he sighed for the affections of the fair Alice whs impossible, " What-doyoa think of ontoring in the two- mared boat-race at the regatta, Charlie ?" asked Albert one evening. ' There are uo boats on the river so light as onrs, and it is not likely that there will bo any competitors from other places ; the prizes will scarcely torapb them. Besides, if they do, wo ore not obliged to com- ijptsto." 44 If you are thinking of it, I'll enter," re- fplied Langdon. " And I'll tako his insufferable prido down a peg or two," muttered' Naylor to himself, as ho went down to the river at sunrise next morn ing, to pot himself in training for the raco. He would win easily, ho believed, and thereby show Langdon that ho . was not A 1 at every thing he aimed at. | And as Naylor was fully two inches taller, Land at least a stone heavier, than Langdou, it jseumed a foregone conclusion among their ac quaintance? when it bocatno known that the itwo had entered for the race that Naylor 'would be a comparatively easy wiauer. The weather on the regatta day was all that could be desired, and the northern bank of the river waa crowded with spectators, the grand stand being filled by the elite of the town. Tbe race for which Langdou and Naylor bad entered was far down in the programme, and meanwhile they sat with their friends in the grand stand. Alice Crook was there, and to Naylor's ntense chagrin, abo-wore a neat little blue tie, ibis competitor's rowing jacket having blue stripes, whilo his own bad chocolate brown. 44 I'll take tbe puff out of him !" thought Naylor, strolling off in anothcr-direction,to the wondcrmentof bis friends. There were seven entries for thetwo-oared boat race, and Nnylorwas first favourite. He 'bad shown himself on the previous Sunday iafternoon to admiring crowds between the i bridges, bis rapidity of stroke being commented ; upon by all who professed to know anything 'about rowing. There was a capital start, and beforo the com- ijpotftors bad gono 100- yards Naylor was leading (with Langdon close bohind. Straining every I nerve the favourite kept well in front until he <bad rounded the buoy, but getting too near the bank he was compelled to ship one oar for a few seconds, and that lost him the race. Lang don managed to keep tho left of his antagonist, nd, in spite of almost superhuman efforts by 'Naylor, won tho race by about ten yards. Furiously disappointed, Naylor could uot face the sympathy of his friends, and after resuuiiug bis ordinary dress, wout homo, leaviug Alico Crook to bo escorted by Langdon. It had been (proviously arranged that the two friends should go to a concert that evening, being Saturday ; but Naylor did not turn up at the appointed Ftime, and having purchased two reserved seat tickets, Langdon oalled on Mrs. Crook, and 'tieggod her to nllow Alice to go with him. The . mother knew of his legaoy, and also of his many .good qualities, and believing her daughter might do much worse than marry Langdou she gavo '.her consent. Naylor's class in the Sunday school was minus a teaober next day ; bo had a a severe cold was tho excuse seut to tho superintendent, But ou the Monday morning he was in his 'place in the day school, and greotod Lungdon ics though nought had disturbed tbe good feel- !ing between them. And thoir mutual friends who saw the two young men together during tbe next few weeks were obliged to admit that they had been agreeably surprised by Naylor's be haviour under defeat ; he was bearing it like a brave young fellow ought to do. Naylor had proposed a leisurely row down the river some Saturday ovouiug, going with tho tbo stream, and returning with the incoming tide, thereby rendering the task of rowing some what easier. But tho carrying out of tho pro ject wis postponed — First because wbouthe tide would'ffuit the weather was unpropitious ; then, the annual teaohers' examination took place on a Saturday otherwise suitable. Aud thus it happened that when tbey were nblo to go October was far advanced, und Langdon would have dropped the project at the Urat hint from his friend. 44 Wo shall be all right, Bert ; the moon rises at seven, and wo shall be on our way b&ok; hen," said Naylor on their way down to the bo&thouse.; And bo Langdon thought as they rowed riowly down with the stream, the exertion required baio so little as to mako it very enjoy- kbit. They had gone further than originally Intended, being opposite the Naze, when sagAon, looking round westward, saw that a lick fog woo coming up tho river. 14 Look at the- fog, Ch&rlio; ; we must turn jkt obce." Naylorwoo-a few yards behind at the time, tad instantly turning commenced to row at his best sped. Langdon followed suit,but before be bad rowed fifty yards he fell on his baok at the sido of the bqat, upsetting it. He was an expert swimmer, and soon managed to got Into tho boat again, but both his oars were now lost, and when ho had bailed tho water out jhis companion was nowhoro to bo scon. The fog -gradually crept round him, rendering it ira- jpo&slblo; to see where the tide was carrying tho helpless boat. Ho must be going in the direction of, home, he thuught ; that was bis wnly consolation. His position did not seem so very jieriloas ; if the fog would not lift, he phould hvo bo fears for bis ultimate safety. ' i "What <kaA cassed his mishap ? A broken Great heavens— it has been cot ! Who committed such an outrageous deed ? " and ho tried to thiuk that his lifelong friend would not be guilty of a dartardly act which might yet end— how ? 14 No, no ; I will not believe that Charlie would play mo suoh a despicable trick, and thereby give the lie to his protestations of gratitude for the assistance of many kinds I havo been able to render him." His musings were interrupted by the boat running into a sandbank, with which the estuary of tho Ribble abounds. Was the sandbank uear the shore ? Being high water, or close to it, be dare not leave his boat to endeavour to ascertain his surxround- iugs, and with some difficulty be pushed tbe boat off again. Shivering with the cold, sitting in his wot clothes, tbe thick fog adding to his discomfort, the honrs went slowly by, but not noarly so fast as he imagined. And when be was beginning to hope that tbe tide must have carried him so near Preston that he might pos sibly see some signs of life on the river banks, tbe boat again struck the sand. 44 1 must be in tho estuary of the Douglas river," be said to himself. And ogam shoving the boat off, he began to bopo that he might venture to take to tho sand- bank when be again struck it. The night passed slowly— soo!owly to the still hopeful occupant of the cockle-shell boat that, nob knowing in which direction he was going, he was both startld and dismayod when, the fog hftiug suddenly, he could see a number of lights, but at such a distance away that for some time he could not fool certain what towu they belonged to. 44 That is Southport, and I am being carried out to sea!" . It was an overwhelming discovery, and his hopes of succour grew faiut. A Fow miuutcs observation convinced him that be was being carried in a southerly direction, and he was thereby somewhat reassured, as he would ore long be in the track of ships outward bound fromLivorpool,aad might bo rescued in time be fore the intense cold bad done it terrible work. But in spite of his efforts to keep his blood iu circulation,, a sense of numbness stole over him, and though he well kuw that sleep would mean death, his determination to keep awako was giving way to despair when suddenly tbe lights of a large ship loomed beforo biro. 44 Ship ahoy !" he shouted, but bis voice was as hoarse as the croak of a ravcu, and could not have been heard a dozen yards away. Tho moon wus shiuing brightly, however, and the lookout man on board tho steamer happily espied the boat, which was painted white, with blue stripes around the gunwhalo.Tbo engines were stopped, and a rope thrown to Langdon, but he was too weak and numbed to catch it. 44 They have gone, and left mo to perish !" , he groaned. But it was uot so. A boat soon put off from the steamor, and the hapless I ongdon was soon on board. The reaction produced by tho certainty that ho whs safe, however, was mure than he could bear, and when lifted on board he was insensible. 44 A narrow escape !" said the doctor. " Bee, his watch stopped at 7.15 ; he must have bcun sitting iu that boat, in bis wet clothes, for nearly six hours. Only a strong constitution could have stood suoh an ordeal." 44 Is it safe to send him back with the pilot ?" asked tbe captain. 44 By no means. It would be sending bim to the gravo. He will have a sharp attack of fever, I am afraid." His pockets were searched for some evidence of bis identity, but no papers or letters of any kind were found. 44 His clothing and tbo possession of a good watch and chain show him to be respectable ; wo must ask tbe pilot to make known the rescue to tbo Liverpool papers ; his frieuds will thus be informed of his safety," said tbe captain. The doctor's opinion was verified, and Lang dou was raving in tbe delirium of fever dur- iug the whole of the passage across the Atlantic to New York, But having safely turned the crisis, he mended rapidly. A collection among tbe passengers hod produced sufficient lo pay forhis passage homo, and he thus returned to Liverpool in the same steamer. Iu the mewtiine, consternation, followed by intense grief, reigned in two homes at Preston. When Charles Naylor realised that his villainous scheme had been successful, so far that when ho ventured to look round, Lapgdon's boat was not in eight, his satisfaction was but of a -mingled character. What would be the result ? Had he roally contemplated tbe murder of his old friend ? "What would be gain by it P If Bert Langdon wercdrowned, would Alico Crook transfer her affections to another, oven though that other bad been to Laugdon like Absalom to David ? These aud other questions of a similar nature Charlie Naylor asked himself as he pulled steadily ouwards. Tbe fog was so thick that he could not see three yards in any direction ; and with ears strained, he weut slowly on to ward the town, not much afraid of being run down, for ho knew that very few vessels left Preston on a Saturday night. "Thank goodness, there's a light at last. That must bo the chain light, and I have yet more than two miles to go. But the tide is helping me splendidly " Ere be arrived at tho new pier, the fog lifted, and then be rowed muoh faster. He had fixed upon tho course he intended to adopt. He would say nothing about Langdon unless ques tioned, and then declare that he lost him in the fog. It was tho most foolish dooision be could have come to, but guilt induced fear. For tho first time in his life, he did not arrive at borne until past midnight. His father had gone to bed very angry, declaring that if he awaited tho coming borne of his son there would be a row, and therefore be had hotter retire. And his mother, after setting out his hot suppor, said nothing to him about the lateness of tbe hour, but also retired. Before he bad finished bis suppor, there was a knock at tbe door. No ono iu tbe front could see the light io tbe back parlour, and guessing that someone from Langdon's had come to ask for him, Naylor sat still, saying to himself, "Let them knock ! " It was Mrs. Langdon, and reluctantly she re turned home, thinking it possible, as her hus band suggested, that tbe young men bad landed at Lytham when tbo fog came on, and thore being no train, had been obliged to stay all night. Next morning, however, before Charles Naylor was oat of bed, Mrs. Langdon was again at the door, and Mrs, Naylor srousod her son, 44 Whore did you leave Bert last evening, Charlie ? " " Somewhere down the river, whon the fog came on. We lost one another, But sorely he has come home ? " " No, tboy have heard nothing of him, Ob 1 Charlie, how could you leave him ? Yon are biggee-and stronger than he is, and if anything' has — 44 Don't talk such nonsense, mother ! What can have happened to bim ?" But Mrs. Naylor did not reply ; she went slowly downstairs withber terrible news, vainly endeavouring to assuage the grief of the Btvicken mother. ' It is no use, Mrs. Naylor ; something tells mo my boy is lobt ! Th&good-dieyouog; I And uorer a bettor bod than my Bertie trod the earth. He bos never willingly caused any one of us a moment's pain. I don't bl.amo your son. He got frightened, I sapposo, /when tho fog came on, and was in a hotry tqtgiet baok. Mr. Naylor went to tbe police, and notified them that bis son was missing ; and acting'on their advice, he took the train for Lytbam, and there eogaged a small steam trawler to ooarch for the missing boat. But nothing was found ; and no tidings were received of its owner. On reaching Liverpool, the pilot of the Macedonia was met by his eldest daughter, with the news that her mother had been found dead in bed the previous morn ing. The message be had been obarged to de liver to the newspaper offices was completely forgotten, in his grief at tbe death of bis wife, and it was not until the following Thursday that he chanced to see a paragraph in the 44 Echo " to the, effect that a young man. named Langdon, who went for a row on tbe Ribble on Saturday everiing, had not returned, and it was supposed he had been lost iu the fog. Blaming himself for his forgetfulness, the pilotimme- diatoly wired to the Preston police, to the effect that the Macedonia had picked up a small -boat with a young man in it, in the Channel, some ten miles west of the Mersey Bar, A few hours afterwards Mr. Langdon was in Liverpool, and after somo little trouble found the pilot. But again the heart-broken father had to endure the torments of suspense. The pilot had to admit that the rescued young man was in a high fever when be left the steamer, and Mr. Langdon returned home with a fuller under standing than he bad previously possessed of that well known text—4 Hope deferred mokcth tbo heart sick," During that weok, Charles Naylor went about like an animated ghost, and won golden opinions for his evident grief for tbe supposed loss of his friend. But, to tbe astonishment of his parents, tbo news brought by Mr. Langdon from Liver pool did not cbase tho gloom from tbo young man's brow. Ho seemed to become more melan choly than before ; and as tho time approached when tbe Langdons might expect to bear from their son, if he had recovered, tho Naylor': feared that Charlie was going out of his miud. Tho arrival of tho Macedonia at New "York was duly chronicled in the Liverpool papers, but nothing was said of the resumed castaway ; and again the hopes of the Langdons grew faiuter. The tortures of remorse endured by Charles Naylor during this period it would be impossible to describe. He could not out, and the little sleep he wan able to obtain was broken by awful dreams, iu which Albert Langdon was drowning, and appealing to bim for help. Tbo full enormity of tbe crime he had committed, as tbo result of bis mad jealousy, hid come homo to bim, and ho would havegiveuall he posessed, his hopes, his prospects, could he have undone his wicked deed. The hopes of the Langdons now centred in the return of the Macedonia, and tbe joy of the family may be imagined when a telegram was ! received from their son, handed in at Queen- stown, saying that he was quite well, and hoped to be at borne within twenty-four hours. " 1 must go aud tell Mrs. Naylor ; she says Charlie is fretting himself to death," said Mrs. Lungdon. But tho good news bad an effect on Charles Naylor that astonished all who knew tho cir cumstances He was taken suddenly ill, and the doctor said he was in for a sharp attack of brain fever. For some time his life was in dan ger, and wben he was sufficiently recovered to see vieitoie tbe first to come was Albert Lang don. He bad not been told that Langdon wished to see him, and when his old friend spoke he turned away his face, crying : 44 Bertie Langdon I No, no ; I cannot— I— tried—" 44 Hush, Charlie! Yon must forget what happened on that day. It is known only to you aud me. I knew you would be sorry after wards, Charlie., You have been spared a life long misery. Shake hands, old frieud." From that hour Charlio Naylor recovered strength rapidly. But for a long time ho avoided the river, and before he ventured out his boat had beeu sent as a gift to a bazaar got up at Soutbport ou behalf of tbe lifeboat fund. Only Albert Langdon could have explained why, after that brain fever attack, his friend seemed to have suddenly changod from tho youth to the man, _ His oxuberaut spirits and lun-loving nature had vanished; aud be was seldom seen to smile. To the regret of his purents, be declined to follow tbe tcaohing pro- feision : Langdon alone guessed bis reasons. Three years after tbeir last row, Langdon married Alice Crook, Naylor, after much per suasion, being 44 best man " on tho occasion. 44 How foolish to go rowing on the Ribble when the tide is up, and unable to swim !" re marked one of the male guests, after tbe newly- wedded pair bad departed for Torquay. Only Albert Langdou could have explained why Charles Naylor turned pale, bis oyes dis tending with horror, as a paragraph from tbo local eveuing paper was read, relating how a youug man had beeri drowned on the river, bis skiff having been upset as tho result of a 14 broken rowlook." 