THE CRI1\ME AND THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD ITARSH. FALL RlIIirs lI:st:aiEU .] BOOK III.-THE WVOMAN. (The story as told by Mrs. Carruth.) CHAPTER XXI.-(Oontinucd.) And at that moment I happened to be in England, and I made up my mind there and then that, if I could help it, I would have lio finger in the pie. I had no desire to go into the witness-box-I would almost as, soon have gone into the dock. Cross examining counsel have a knack of making mincemeat of a witness. Things come out-the things which one would much rather did not come out.- I had not returned to England, a widow, with my big pile, with, the in tention of coming such a cropper at the outset. Rather than be mixed up in such a mess, I would almost sooner take my passage in the first steamer back to the States, and count the ties out West again. Please the fates; I had done with scandals-fresh ones, anyhow-for the rest of my days. The woman was dead. She was beyond my help. Let whoever found her hang the. man. who laid her there. The house in which I lived was too transparent for me to indulge in the luxury of throwing stones. I gathered myself together. The most miraculous part of the business was thalt my clothing seemed to, have escaped uninjured; falling backwards had been my salvation. I peeped at my face in my ha.ndglass. I seemed to be all right-right enough, at any rate, to pass muster at nignt and in a crowd. I went up the bank to. the line. From that altitude I had a good view of the surrounding country. Straight along the. line to the left, .not so very far away, lights were glim mering. I made up my mind to chance it, to keep along the line and to make for them. They proved to be the lights of a station. The station. was Three Bridges Junction. I managed to en ter it, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, entirely unobserved. I thanked my stars when 11 felt the platform beneath my feet. From the mirror in the waiting t room I learned that my handglass had 'not deceived me. I could pass muster. A woman' in the room addressed me -she and I had it to ourselves. "Excuse me, miss, but do you know your back's all covered with weeds?" As she brushed them' off I thanked her, murmuring something about my having been sitting on the grass. Going out on to the platform I all but came into collision with the man who had stood staring at me from the other side of the railing. The sight of him fairly took my breath away. He was going from me, or he could scarcely have failed to notice the singularity of my demeanour. It was he-there could be no mistake about that. But, lest I might be in error, I resolved to have another glimpse at him. Before I could put my resolu tion into force he had vanished, into what I discovered to be, as I strolled slowly past it, .a refreshment room. I should not wondser if he did stand in need of refreshment. There did not appear to be a seat in the place. English people talk about the discomfort of the American de pots,' but my experience is that, from' the discomfort point of view, the 'average English • station 'runs the American- depot hard. I,.sa.t-on one .of fliose 'square trol'ies " which the porters use for baggage. There. - I. watched and waited for my gentleman to emerge, refreshed. The trolley was close to.:the. refreshmelit : room.- - I could see him at the bar. He. was not content with one' drink. He dis posed of 'two. Probably he needed them. Presently .he came out. He had had his back. towards me while-he had been drinking. As he came out of the buffet, turning, he walked in the direc tion of the trolley on which I was sit ting. He moved right past, so close to me that by putting out my foot, I could have tripped him up. It was he. My first impression had not been wrong. That he had got cured of his fright was plain-certainly he showed no signs of it. He seemed quite at his ease. His hands were in the pockets of his overcoat, an um brella was under his arm, a cigarette was between his teeth. There might nut have been such a thing as a ghost \--or the shadow of the shade of a ghost-in all the world. Back he came. He sailed up to a porter. I heard him asking him when there, was a. tw:ain to town. As the man, having given the iriformation, was making off, I cut in. I put to my gentleman the question which he had put to the porter. "Can you tell me when the next train starts for London?" He told me what I asked, adding a word or two on his own account, as I had expected and desired. I responded. He seemed disposed for sociability. Why. should I object? We began to talk. The, end of it was that we tra velled in the same compartment up to town. It was so funny. He was that most remarkable pro duct-an English gentleman. Given the real article--and there is no mistak ing it when once encountered-there is nothing in the world which can be compared 'to it. -I speak who knows. He was tall. I-Ie was perfectly dressed. He was handsome-I never saw a more handsome man. And he had that air of infinite, yet unconscious, con descension which the English gentle man alone of all the creatures of the worldl, is born with, and which willy nilly, he carries with him from the cradle to the grave. They tell you in the different coun tries of the world that the Englishman is awkward, shy, ungraceful, seldom at his ease. May be; but not the Eng lish gentleman. He is the only man I have known who is always at his ease in every possible situation. But he is not to be found on every bush. Even in his own country he is the rarest of rare birds. Being born a peer, even though he can trace his tree to Noah, does not make a man a gentleman--you bet that it does not. I believe that an English' gefitleman is a caprice, an accident. He is not to be accounted for by natural laws. And though, for all I know, he, may be trusted by his fellows, he is not to be trusted by a woman. ' He has one code of honour for his own sex a.nd another for ours. That is so, though it may not be according to the copybooks. My friend the gentleman was a real smart man. As he lolled back in his seat, enjoying his tobacco, it did you good to see him smile. Hip voice was typical of his kind, it fell like music on your ears. As you looked at him and listened, you could have sworn that he had not a care upon his mind. He was at peace with himself, and all the world. And it was all so natural; he was to the manner born. I found him quite delightful. I could see . what he was doing-hde was reckoning me.up.- And he was puzzled where to place me. I took him into my rea.l confidence, for reasons of my own, and that puzzled him still more. I told him nothing but the truth. How I had gone out to America, and met. poor dear Daniel, and married him. And how he had died and left me a widow, and his pile to comfort me. And how I had come back to England childless and forlorn and all alone. I laid stress upon my loneliness. I think that touched him. When a woman tells a man that she is lonely he takes it that she means that there is not a man anywhere in sight, and that the coast is clear for him, and that does touch him. His manner be came quite sympathetic. He was as nice as could be-allusive, as a real smart man can be, with a delicate, in tangible directness almost equal to a woman's. We were almost like old friends by the time that we reached town. He put me into a hansom at Victoria sara tion. I asked him to, come and see me, to have consideration for my loneli ness. He promised that he would. All the way home, as the cab bore me through the streets, I kept think ing of Mr. Reginald Townsend-that was the name which he had given me -and of the woman he had left, lying by the line, amidst. . that clump of bushes. I believe I have written that I like a man to be thorough. It seemedA probable that Mr. Townsend was that. (To be continued in our next.) 