SOME ANTI-FEDERAL SPOOKS. Jealous Fears. i ! Financial Fancies. Is it possiblo for tho Fodoral Convontion to ap point a'oliapluin ? Tho fodoral eauso just now re quires a chaplain fully ordainod and iustallod, anil fit, in wlmtover olso ho might fail, to lay ghosts. A full half-dozon conjured up spooks, goblins, ghosts lurk mid hover about tlio Fodoration road just now, and their offoot is -n'mrvaUoui in sear ing timid pooplo back. First amongst those is tlio ghost horn of jealous it.au, a hobgobljn tills who appears with a torriblo tail, . who so ragos about tho wliolo fiold of viow of the timid folk lis' to begot in them a condition similar td'tliat of tho wiso man from York. Ho lost all power of spoooh through absolute rlread that if lie opened his month. lie would bo "had." In ovory nvohub this ghost appears. If we vonturo along tlio Victorian truck hashows fangs which beartho brand of ;\\(olbonrno's . supremacy, in .vory truth when soi'iinisly considered unsubstantial as himself. Ho raises brimstone about tho ultimate possession of .Rivoriim, Ho takes on an ugly stock tax or border duty shape, and seeks to mako it plain that tho scuiimcnts which begot thoso curses aro vital still and indeed immortal, and always pregnant with .mischief. If we look towards Tiisiiiania or any dno>- of the lessor colonios ho puts on tlireo heads, and bulges out a huge, all-pervading body of obstruction. If wo .;<tpiV.to Queensland with any hope he assumes a ! ejiano which has boon woefully familiar in othor I lands. It is of tho black man dominant, or ever lastingly obtrusive and plague breeding. Now tlioro is ono word which grasped iu all tho fulness of its significance lays this ghost at onco and for ever. It is australia. Wliy should wo laugh in tlio strength of tho pros pect of Fodoration, at tlio phantom bulk of a future Melbourne puffotl out to soaro us 1 Because tho natural conditions of an Australia ono and indirisiblo do not favour any dovolopincnt of that sort. ,'J.hoy must in fact rondor it for over impossible. Why should wo conso to fear aiiyigrahhing of Riverina"/ Becanso there will bo no newer left with tiny interest' in. tho gamo of grubi; Ail -that sort of tiling will be' consnmad ill tlio fire out of which tlio federated Australia will arise, and conimerco being free to take its own uuturul course within the territory the old pro- ; vineial gamo will bo regarded as fool's play? Why should nvo smile conlont at tliat monaco of leagued obstruction ? For tho good and sufficient reason tlmt we can trust Australia, tlio Australia which is to bo, to overcome it. And why sliouid wo bo utterly derisive at tlio monaco of tho monstrous blaok man? Just booauso Australia, tho lioir of tiio hard-won wisdom of tlio ages, in tliisrcspect at least, must always bo against him. ' (Australia! Australia 1 Australia I Wo need to grasp it us the great thing to be, mid to be by our efforts, our own good faith, anil mutual coiifideucu und regard. " She is not yet." Tlio words of our sole Federal poet ring true and clear on Unit head as on tho day thoy wore Bpokcn, anil in the mindB of a certain section of tlio pooplo sho is no more realisable, tangiblo, or approucliublo Gum is the New Jerusalem of tlicapocalypso to unbelievers. . Tlioy aro to bo placod, thoso purblind and ab stractive folks, with the class Charles Lamb onco described us of imperfect sympathies. They necessarily take tho wrong view. Tlioy nro pre-ordained to bo liag-riddon, mid we are no more required to condemn than to follow them. Tlioy do not ospouso the ghost fear, tlioy aro doomed to it, and if tlio Great Word of itself does not deliver thorn it is to bo feared tlmt tlio ehapluin, if ap pointed, would preach on it in vain. There is nnotlier ghost of a 'mean, subtle typo, who upp'ears insionifioant and mean in evon an exaggerated foreaast of tho future. The spook-raisers point to it, and say, boliold yourself, your colony, your Stato. Tims you will dwindle, to tliat you will bu reduced when tho Federal gamo is played through. But how, awl why, and wliorofor ? Explain to us tho processes, ioxpound for us the reasonings. Wo say that this Ighosp also eludes our grasp, anil vanishes from our kiarnost viow. " Quorum pars inegim fui " assorts INow South Wales, and truthfully ns -proudly whonovor . the Australia which is is mentioned j and .who dares -assort tlmt tlio same boast will not bo possible in any future ? .Who leads tlio -Australian Convention to-day? ; What colony tnkos tho initiative, slmpos tlio plan, and appears everywhere as tlio indispensable quantity ? Truo realisation of tho powers and ,potcntalities we havo should begot iu us rather sympathy and consideration for othors Ulan jealous fear for oiirsolveH. Booauso wo aro strong now and progressive und endowed witli all tho ele ments of grcutuoss, wo should, oven for tliosnko of simple self-intorest, weleoino all tlio chances of ; fodoration. Our fiqld of inlluenoo anil action will ho oxtouded, and unless wo sink such :iilcas in the nspiration of a larger patriotism our .position as "primus inter pares" .must bceomo moro and more assured. It is not wall, howovar, to; indulge -largely in spaonlntions of this sort; thoy'aro, indeed, only justifiable in so far ns thoy may tond to liolp tlio faint hearts amongst our selves to got past tlio ghosts already mentioned. Bettor leiivo tlicm and got on to some others, for tlio -gruesome company is by no menns exhausted. a financial oliost -appears, -also -witlr a tail, or rather porhnps it- should bo said with two heads and two voieos, both of which doelaro you will bo ruined, but while tlio one says because of, tho cost of tlio business, -tlio othor declares tlio eauso to ho tho corruption which will necessarily follow on a -Fcdoral surplus. Seemingly these two might bo loft to strangle one anotlier, yet ns each is seriously ontortnincd a procoss of exoreism is desirable. And as tho wronglatid robbory/gliost stands first ho may bo first dealt, witli. Ho is undoubtedly the ugliest, the most substantial and difficult of all, anil for tho reason that ho grows out of a perverted idea vory generally hold, whioli is that a fedoral legislature once created will constantly sock to usurp tlio rights and absorb tho rcvonuos of fodo- . rated States, A disposition to trust tlmt Legisla ture us it must bo trusted is vory rarely evinced, oven'by our leaders. Yot why should it -not be trusted ? Is it likely to dillor in any essentials from the Convention which now sits? . iB-it not rather oxeeodingly proliablo that mom- !bers of Convontion narrowing down powers now are curtailing thoir.own proper opportunities o fa ffuturo season. Why should a fedoral legislature mako improper uso of any powers entrusted to it, ai nl what would ail tho reprouontativos of any: ;colony that tlioy Btiould sit supino while wrong 'was dono to their own constituents, oitlior in tlio raising or 'distribution of revenues. „ THE SUSPICION, which almost amounts to an. assumption, is that ithe.inombers.of the Federal Legislature should bo frcckoned on as b'bud lot, as a body not likaly to be guided by any principles of honour or equity, aiid hardly to bo controlled by common souse ; as a body apart from, and consequently antagonistic to, : State Legislatures and Stato rights, ami therefore tobe clipped in closo, and overlustmgly watched and guarded. How strange is it to turn back now to "tho pages of history which record the events of times somewhat like our own to read in all that is printed tlio story of Canadian 'fodoration (and owing to tho closed doors of Canada's convontion meetings there is vory little of it, and tliat at second-hand) how anti-federalists and prudontialists argued, and warned, and supposed, and wore defeated tlioro oven as here. Or bettor and infinitely more in- structivo to .turn to -Storey's commentaries, or " Tho Fcdoralist," mid how ovory ghost which appals us bore,, wus raised and laid in America mora than a hundred years ago. To discover how every argument now used hero for tho restriction of the powers of tho Fede ral Government, oven iu financial matters, was ui-goil tboro aud hero witli tenfold moro oloquenco. cogency, and force. And only to he dofeutoil, and in-. tho long event of thingB utterly falsifiod. America resolved to trust tlio Fcdoral authority absolutely. Power was givon in the constitution to "lay und eolloot taxes, dutios, imports and excises, to pay our debt and provide for tlio com mon defence and general wolfaro of tlio United States." And has tliat powor been evor abused, or has its oxarciso been evor opposed to the host interest of tho nation, or oppression in its operations on any undividunl Stato ? South Carolina protests and ultimata southern rebellions afford no con- ' elusive nils wore. Tlioy wore nets and revolt against all tlmt was and is implied by tlio sovc- iroignty of the Federal power, and thofr roots were in n disaffection which admitted of but ono euro. 'Amarican history throughoutgocs to show that clan gor jsnotto be npprehonded from unlimited finan cial power in tho bauds of a Federal legislature. ICxcopt, and horo iu the origin of yet anotliorof our own ghosts, in connection witli ; -. SURPLUSES. Ain'oriea, owing to accumulation of revonues, tho ' result of a strong protectionist polioy, bod for years surpluses whioli burdened her Treasury, and at a curtain puriod in hor history something like a tid'o of uorniptioii sot iu in comioclioii wit h tlio dis tribution of those surpluses. Pensions began to bo common ill the States, pensions wore grntileU with out just cause, or any (lucent discrimination, and tlio pension a huso now lion heavy on tlio aim- seietico, or at least tin) record, of tlio States. It ia corruption umlduhtudly, ami in a permanent ami not easily cui'iibla form. And bceuuso of the surplus caina tlio corruption. . Is it so.iudood ? Is corruption of this sort in Govornmonts, generally or frequently tlio riiiteomo of surpluses? -Read tlio memoirs of'Sniuiiul Papys,. Esq., ami seo what lie. has to nay of corruption in tho iluyn wliou Clinrlos tho Second was King ; yet surpluses were lmrdly discoverable thon. Turn u little further on. to tlio dnys of Queue Anno, wliou tlio policy inherited from William and still liuisned kept the treasury vory hare, ami answer if it also leopt corruption down. Look at nations in tlio present ; seek out those in which corruption is ad mittedly rampant, anil what of their surpluses-? Can oven the ghost of asurnliis bo raised by Tur- koy or China or Russia ? Yot is tlioro not in any year in any ono of thorn moro corruption tliiui llicro lius bouu in Ainarica from tlio timo bf tlio in auguration of tlio pension fund to tlio present day? Tho "crcato a surplus und -breed corruption" argument docs not very well' stand the test of facts. Ami tlio small, aniiiially-rauurring surplus witli which miller any proposed arrangement our Fodural Legislature is likoly to be cumbered is surely too cuntuinpliblo a quantity to bo feared in tliat way, Can we not trust them so far ? If uo it must bo that we ourselves are miserably en dowed witli the very FACULTY OF OONFIPENCIE, of trust. 'Soinesueli luck us this is imlcedto bo noted in tlio attitude evon of those whom wo regard ns our lenders and tile champions of tlio eauso. T'lioy tnovo tentatively where tlioy Bliould udvnnce with the determination of full assiiranoe. Tlioy saom themselves oven to have doubts or qualms about the gliostSj or otherwise aro too scrupulous in pro viding ugamst iniaginnry duugors. it is impolitic to be too careful ill that way ; there are times wliou action must bo taken despito soino vnguo risks, when, indeed, tlio risks raiaud aro of suck a character, as only to merit - contempt. A little story illustrates this well chough, A physician resolved to - establish a- hospital for consumptive patients on tlio moun tains, and . as usual tlio crltiu intruded,. Tho physioian was perfectly satisfied as to tlio wrilfaro of his patients ami tliu security of tho population generally. Tho critic had liis doubts. " Thoso germs, you know, all discuses Bprcnd through gorins." "Possibly." " And what would como to yours, givon off by tlio liationts ?" ' "We sheftfid endeavour to deal with tbemby . various sanitary moans." . " But somo might escape ?" " Possibly, yes." " And what thon, sir, what llion?" " Tlio cold and ratified uir would probubly do- stray thorn;" . " But somo might get away into tlio wator ?" " Even so. tho leinparaturo of fliu mountain streams wonld not bo favourable for reproduc tion." 4 "Still, it might liappon ; tlioy might, I say, got 'to tho river lower .down. What would liappon then 7" " Well, thon." said tho physioian, losing pationeo at last, "I could only hope that tlioy would knock their brains out against tho boulders." . A good inuiiy of the prudoutialnud ANTI-FEDERAL OUJECTIONH tliat aro raised deserve littlo bettor than a sum mary 'treatment. I'orliups it was tlio Btiporior altitude which guvo tlio physician courage and directness oi speech. And it is becoming increasing pluin that if our dolomites would mount yet a littlo higher tlioy wonkl overlook tlio spooks or ghosts, and an- prchcml more clearly tlio longth and tho breadth, tlio bounty nnd tlio crandotir of tlio truo fodoral prospoct which lios before thorn. Tlioy need Ur stand -fast on heights of eoniidcnco, of mutual trust anil regard, of true Australian aspiration, und the patriotism that doos because it dares. And thoso heights oucupicd, its by some at least of our representatives wo trust thoy are. is net the time tireent, to tako tho good counsel boldly as wisely offorcd and " sook tlio splondiil spur?" " Trust first thyself, thon spur amain, So shall Ciiarybdis wear a grace, Grim Etna laugh, tiio Libyan plain 'Tako rosos to hor shrivollcd faco." \- l'ho time has gone by for dilly-dallying, or ovon for oxtrcmo caution. Tho pooplo of Australia have placed -a high trust and a gravo command in tho hands of tho Convention,, and nro beginning now to lnok- Nomowlint impuliantly for fulfilment and obedience. Tlioy want opportunity for another 'word themselves, nnd-nra by no moans disposod-lo stuiid usido through months, whieli may grow to years, to mako tlio gamo of auti- fodoralisls.andsiiit tlio conveniences oi siiuflling provincial politicians, We want n'Httlo of the -Rupert in- debate and tlio Cromwell in action. just. now, and looking tolerably near homo may wo not hope to discover both? Vienna has a " Siloneo Club," tlio niombors of wliieh spend tho evening together without talking. 