THE DAY OF REST. THE LAW OF SACRIFICE. By the. Rev.. Dr. MONRO GIBSON. The law of sacrifice runs through the who'ie range of life. Tomaintain vegetable life, ti re mineral kingdom yields up its best materia'^; the. vagetable surrenders itself to the anim A! ; multitudes of the smaller animals are sacrificed that larjj»r ones may lire. Man at the head of creation considers himself at lib erty to select as he. pleases among the lower o rders of living things to supply his table; an't furthermore, even in human society itsi jif, it seems to be the rule that in the strug: {le for existence the weaker goes to the walL 'What aiv we to think of all this? Does it seem an ideal arrangement? If tha i is the natural order, which it is impossible t a denv, dues it not seem most unnatural, u it certainly is most abhorrent, to. our not jlest and best feelings? 7Surely this state <»£ things cannot be in accordance with " creati on's final iaw." This is recognised even, by thos a who acknowledge no higher object of wctrshiD than Jfatare with & capital N. Profess-ar Huxley, for example, in propounding whs it he calls • "the .ethics | (rf evolution,? finds, it necessary to sat forth a scheme which racs directly counter to naturaie volution, "curl >ing thecosmical process," as he puts it. He says:— "The practice of that which is e thically best —what we call goodness or virtu-£—involves a •course of conduct which in a u respects is . opposed to that which leads to : mccess in the "^tirH struggle for existence.: In place of ruthless self-assertion, it detrjands self-re- 6 traint. In place of thrusting: iside or treading -down all competitors, it requires that the individual shall not merely res pect, but help, e his. fallows. Its influence is (firected not so . much -to the survival of the 1 attest as to the fitting of as many as possible io survive. It a repudiates the gladiatorial theory of existence." Ail which is most excellent; but is it fair to call it "the Ethics of Evolu tion," seeing it • (toes dead against the only evolution which as T »scientific man he believed in—namely, natural evolution? It is indeed good.ethics; but theressoa why it is .good isTM> other than this \- —tiiaf it is the ofchics of the G-ospel of Christ; • and to onr scientific friend we might fairly m*ke vthe retort courteous, "If ye had sot ploughed with my heifer, ye had" not found nut my riddle." . : 3 !:" J 32» Only solution of the mystery is in the acceptance of tliie" Bible representation of the world as not in its ideal state, bnt under the malign influence of a spirit of evil, the whole creation subject fco bondage, not willingly, but groaning and travailing in pain as it waits in Jomtdeferred hope for.ji comingdayofregeneration. \- The .worlxL, as it. now is, is under the <mraeof 'selfishneai and sin ;-'and its great and xffliy iiope5s1&e; promise .o£ redemption when jfti&rkmpl;^m' pf Stttan shall have been oomjtoveird^fW &d; iH? kingdom of G6d •AndxiEHiB : Oiirisfc fi?ially established-upon its ruins." This is the raaaon why there must be Botonlya "curbing of the cosmical process," reversal of 'it; why the sway of selfish-. inesa-TnuBt be replaced by tb£'universal reign dfiovB...;... Yet thiB does not mean the setting aside of tiie^reat law of sacrifice. Not its abolition, faatfctts transfiguration; woald-.be the effect of bongmg ituader ihjjjddlniriionof love. 3?or, whQe nothiog is-taorohoriible than the taking, of life, -or even of that which ministers to life, to gratify selfish desire, nothing - is -mote beautiful than the surrender of what we have, or iof lifeitaet£ at the call of affection or'of devotions Those highest and 'noblest feelings to which we have already appealed asrevoltang -against the sacrifice ot the weak to the strong, approve'aid applaud and glory in the gladly aooepted suffering of the strong- on behalf of : "the weak. ; The former is "-the course of this -world j" the latter is'" the law ofChrist." " When we bear this in mind it wilTnotperpler us to. find .that the gospel of the -LoiSd Jesus Christ is a gospel ofsacrifiee. Not only does it culminate in the great surrender of the cross ; it is sicrifioe throughout. Who can He who was "ii'ihe form ot God," and f* counted'it nbt a prize to be on an equality withGod," "emptied Himself,; taking, the form : of a servant, being made in the likeness of men?" Who will say. that the' descent from the' throne of heaven to the manger - of Bethlehem was less than from $fae -Mount of Transfiguration to lie abyss of the grave? ' "We must start from -the height of heaven as well as godownto the' lowest parts ot r the earth before we can measure and' 1 " know the grace of our Lord JeensChrist,- who, though He was rich, for our \- sakes became poor, that we through Hispoverty \- imgh t beinxde rich." That is the ^reason why Tthe true, deity of our Lord Jesus Christ-is ^essential to any adequate conception of His gospel. Without it His life on -earth loses the element of specul sacirifice, and .His .death is no longer the *ttiuiifph of~divine lov® over human sin, but rather there verse, the triumph -pf hatred and iniquity over love ana righteouBaess. -TfH me iibt thatthis pathetic story of Hun who was despised and rejected, mooked and crucified, is but one more illustration of the tyranny of the strong over the weak, which is all it can be if that death be a. martyrdom only. ;No, no, a thousand times no. ' It js ibe TOvenal^ather of that ancient tyranny! here, ''it is the strongest who stands the most weak." Think not of the Sufferer-on the cross as « poor man in the 'pitiable plight of being hurried to death by his fellow men; think rather of God making that peerless life an offering for sin ; £hink of the "strong Son of God" offering Himself a sacrifice to reconcile ±he world unto God, to redeem it from the accursed sway of selfishness, and make it a kingdom of truth andlove. The immediate object and result of the great sacrifioe is the redemption' of 'humanity. T'ortheSuffererisnot only Son of God but Son of Man.' He represenfe us all, if only we do not refuse* tobe represented by Him. In our name-He submits to the conditions of human lifej in oib name He is exposed, to trial, and temptation of every kind; in our name He fulfils all righteousness; in our name He meets the Prince of this world and overcomes him; in our name .He exhausts the ' curse of rin; in our name He rises from the dark-abvss of shame and death, and so accomplishes redemption for humanity, and secures eternal salvation for all who ara willing to renounce .their allegiance to the Prince of this •World and join themselves to Him in loyalty and trust. _ But the redemption is wider than humanity. The whole creation shares in it. For Nature's oldjlaw of predominant self-interest must now give way to the higher law which is appointed to take its place. Creation's' lord ' nas been redeemed from selfishness and sin; creation \- itself must be delivered also. This must be a long process; butit is all part of the great development of the redeeming work of God. "For, as the apostle puts it, "the earnest expectation of the creation waSfceth for the revealing of the sons of God. For the creation was subjected covahityvnot of its own will, but by reason, of Him who subjected-it in hope that the creation itself also shall bis delivered from the bondage of corruption into theliberty of the glory of the children of God." -(Kom. rntiS- aii-Bevised-Version.) In aoine of .the^ modern criticisms of the Scripture doctrine oT Hcarious sacrifice it is . assumed that the Cro&a; of Christ is to be regarded as an event entirely isolated from the general order of the divine procedure. There may doubtless be found some colour for this \- representation in the writings of incompetent expositors; but no such suggestion is found anywhere in the sacred Scriptures. On the contrary, the greatest pains are taken to keep us from falling into ah error. . We are told that it was "through the Eternal Spirit Christ offered himself without spot unto God." The spirit of the cross is not a mere flash of exceptional devotion; it is eternal, for it is the expression of the very nature of the unchanging God. Again,. we read of " the Lamb slain from the' foundation of the world." What \- -does that mean? What can it mean but that tbe revelation of the Cross was as true of God -from the'very beginning as it was the day the Saviour of the woiid bowed his head and gave up the ghost. And. when rightly read, the whole of the Old Testament confirms this truth. The God of the Old Testament is no impassive being, as some dry theologians, depending more on their own metaphysics than on the testimony of Scripture, have represented Him, but One who is afflicted in all His people's affliction, ever sacrificing Himself for ibeir good. Those who have read. Professor- George Adam Smith's chapter on the Passion "of. God — in the second ' volume of his Isaiah—will remember with ivhat pathetic power he brings out this great thought. And Horace Boshnell, having taken a survey of God's dealings with His people under the old covenant, sums it up in these noble words:—" It is as if there were a cross unseen, standing on its undiscovered hill, far back in the ages, out of which were sounding always just the same deep voice of suffering love and patience that was heard by mortal ears from the sacred hill of Calvary." All this • prepares the way for the great truth concerning God on which tbe entire revelation of the • sacred Scripture converges, the truth written on the cross in letters of living flame—"God is love"—rio'fi force, compelling others to sacri- -fice themselves for Him or it, but love, eager to sacrifice himself for them. What, then, are we to make of this still \- -prevailingselfishness? If "God is love," love must be the key of tbe universe. How, then, does it come to pass that we see all around us so much selfishness, hatred, cruelty, tyranny, so _manv centuries after the great sacrifice which was meant to accomplish the dethronement of selfishness and the enthronement of love? If we say *• An enemy hath done this" has not the enemy been overthrown? If we say that tho prevailing selfishness we »ee around us stands not for the order of the universe but for its disorder, why should so. much of the old disorder still remain? " Theanswer is that "the mills of God grind slowly." " One day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day." The old order is changing, giving place te-the new j but on this scale we bare aot.yjeij met Sin in deadly conflict. That was the crisis of the conflict when the Christ of God confronted the adversaries for the last time as He advanced to His cross. So our Lord Himself indicates in that remarkable exclamation recorded by St. John—" Now is the crisis of this world" (for this is the very word in the Greek, which is translated "judgment"), "now is the prince of this world cast out." The old selfishness must now give way to the new love. Yet the transition cannot be sudden. Rome is not built in a day. The personal victory indeed is complete at once. The prince of this world came and found nothing in Him. In a very striking passage the Apostle Paul says of Him:—"Having put off from Himself the principalities and the powers, He made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it (His cross)." Col. ii. 15. " Having put off from Himself, yes; not yet from His people, not yet nor for a long time to come, from the whole creation. The kingdom has come in the person of the King;.but it will be a long time ere the consummation, when those great voices shall be heard in heaven:—"The kingdoms of this world have become the kingdom of our Lord and- of His Christ, and He (He whose nature and whose name is Love), shall reign forever and ever." " Each in his own order; Christ the first-fruits; afterwards they that are Christ's at His coming. Then cometh the end, when He shall deliver up the kingdom to God even the Father; when He shall have abolished all rule and all authority and all power. For He must reien till He hath put all His enemies under HIR feet." This _ universal bearing of the gospel of Christ is no mere outburst of apostolic ecstasy. It is a dominant hope throughout the entire Scriptures. We are prepared for it by the of the doctrine of creation, and the close association from the beginning of the destiny of man with the lower creatures, even with inanimate Nature. In th6 Psalms we have such passages as this:— Let the heavens be glad and let the earth rejoice; Let the aea-roar and the fuluess thereof; Let the field exult and all that is therein; shall all the trees of the wood sing for joy. Before the Lord, for Hecometli; For He Cometh to judge the earth; He shall judge tbe world with righteousness, And the people with His truth. In the orophets we have the same poetic strain echoed and re-echoed, and besides such specific prophecies as this:" The wolf shall dwell wiih the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid ; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together; and a little child shall lead them. And the cow and the bear shall feed, and the lion shall eat straw likelthe ox. And the suckling child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child shall put his hand on the basilisk's den. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain; for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of. the Lord as the waters cover the sea." • . ; Inthe story ofthecross iteelf, thesympathy of Nature is* shown in the quakingof the earth, the rending of the tucks, the opening of the graves," the darkness over all the land—impressive signB of the groaning and travailing of "Nature with the birth-pangs of the new era. In the apostolic writings the wide reference of the cross is again and again brought into prominence. We have already quoted the -famous passages .from , the eighth of Bomans and from - the fifteenth of 1. Corinthians, but there are others equally significant, like (hat in the epistle to the ColosBians, where, after speaking of Christ as "the image of the invisible God, the first-born ot all creation, the apostle proceeds to show how it was the good pleasure of the Father " through Him to reconcile all thibgs unto Himself, having made peace through the blood of His cross; through Him. I say, whether things upon the earth or things in the heavens." And when-St. John, in his great Apocalypse, "saw in the midst of the throneandofthe four living creatures and in the midst of the, elders, a Lamb as though it hid been slain," what does it mean but that'the infinite love which found expression in the sacrifice of the cross shall be the ruling principle in the great future beyond the veil? And when he heard, not the angels and the elders only, but " every created thing which is in the heaven, and on tbe earth, and under the earth, and on the sea, and all things that are in.tlram, saying. Unto Him that sitteth on-the throne and unto the Lamb, be the blessing, and the honour, and the glory, and the dominion, for ever and evdr." what does it mean but that love is yet to pervade the entile- universe and to be the law of its redeemed life for evermore? "1 saw in tbe midst of the throne . . a Lamb, standing, as though it had been -slain."_Death is now only a memory of the past. . Vfe have seen that sacrifice, rooted as it is in the nature of God, must remain as a law even of the restored order of things; "but obviously it cannot remain in the 'form in which^it found expression on the cross. "The last enemy'that shaU be destroyed is death"; -but iA-fihill be destroyedg .and when death shall have been destroyed sacrifice can have no longer the extreme meaning which now it To understand in what manner it will abide, we have only to consider the modified form it generally takes for the follower of ChriBteven now. When the apostle eays, seeing our-Lord bud down His lifejfor us, " we ought to lay down our 4ives for the brethren," He does not mean that we nmst all suffer death for one another. The Lord Jesus laid down His life for us in detail day by day before He did it once for all, on the great day of atonement. So should it be with us. If occasion call for it, we should be ready in the most literal sense to lay down our lives for the brethren, as many a brave znan does, even in these selfish times of ours ;'but these are only the great emergencies; as a rule we are called upon to lay down our lives in detail; to deny ourselves this or that_. gratification, this or that possassion, for tbe sake of others. That this giving of life in detail is what St. John refers to in the passage above quoted, is evident by the way in which he proceeds to illustrate his point. He has just said, " we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren," and as an instance he suggests this—"Whoso hath this world's goods and seeth his brother in need, and shutteth up his compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him?" Now this modified application of the spirit of the cross maygive.us some idea of how it may be that even when pain and death .shall be no more, the law of loving sacrifice may still exert its benignant sway. When God shall have made all things new, the great law of sacrifice, stripped of all its painful features, shall have been transfigured into that of loving service. And thus the spirit of the cross will continue to be the inspiration of the redeemed throughout eternity, ' The death of Christ will always be a sacred memory and a holy inspiration; but it -will have passed for ever into the realm of the ideal The hard, stern, terrible reality will be gone for fever more. " Christ raised from the dead dieth no more; death has no more dominion over Him. For in that He died, He died unto sin once; but in that He liveth, He liveth unto God." The Lamb which John saw st&ndiztg; in the midst of the throne was notalambslain, but "as though it had been slain." The law of sacrifice has been redeemed from sin and selfishness and from all association with death and pain; it has been transfigured into the ideal of loving service. 