The Phantl -Voion, A "SSTRANGE' CASE IN A PENI.?C-I " ANIA COURT. Sitting' on the yerandah of his :.'. rmer.residence by an inland n :'? in Michigan, surrounded by his fatr':y and guests, the venerable Judge Wat':::, t(od the strarigest story of his profii;,al career. "Immediately following my ad-: " to the bar," he said, 'I was made !o::e_ cuting attorney, accepting the .ar, oa: a deserved tribute to my Scper:ic- :il: ties. But you must bear in mi'd a .t this was a good many years a?, I - little valley - town of Penns:; s.. i where we were - hemmed in by Ihe mountains and'had few with whm t., compare in the matter cf intelliTag-.;e c; attainments. "In the criminal annals of thie c',untl there were the evidences of a w,-:ii, posed community, and it came startling- sensation when Farme: Jc. kins,, driving home late cne night?.t beaten to insensibility. and robbei ?i large sum of money. Here was s,,or:t for me and I went at it with thi zea of an ambitious beginner. Jenk'an i; sisted that he would be able to iJanti;:, Iis assaliant, seen in the dim nnmo:.;n ht that sifted through the trees, des:c'.,bI . him as a tall, well- dressed younsg mt with a dark moustache, and an has:ry red scar across his left cheek. "'Why, I seed tiFht air critte: ,., dlared Constable Joe Huskey. , k: on him sudden like yisterday wi?.l: t was fishin' at Punkey Holler crick. T?:, fellar war in swimmin' an' tole r:: i-e war just outen the city fur a let:;: I creation. I'd know him 'n:ongst a .ku san'.' "B-y employing competent ass-?iL nl:e from Philadelphia,we ran down oue ln, Jenkins and Huskey' both recog?e .?ngd him at sight. A few days afteo-,he arrest and while I was working en the case, a halidsome, matronly apparing woman walked into the odlice, introdue ings herself as the mother of thO pri? -nor, '-who had given the name of Harry Win ter. Slie bore the unmistakable m ,trks .of refinement, and in', brief statement punctuated by convulsing sobs, asser-,f me that a terrible mistake had lb-n made. Harry was her son, her only :up port, :and she a widow. He was the- :ll of honor, and had never given hei at hour's anxiety. He was with her ti night of the assault and robbery. T'ey had wajlked for an hour in the evening,i after which he read to her, going to his room at 11. It was a physical as welL as 'a moral Impossibility for hlin to have 'done the great wrong laid at his deor. Her story greatly impresse'd n, but there was the positive identifica tion by Jenkins and the constable. "Less lhan a week later I had another caller; a well-dressed man, who walked with ci limp, and who said lie had been subpoenaed by the defence to show rWin ter's good reputation. But nothing could have surprised him more, for be knew the aceii?ed to have a damnintrr - cord..-He declared that he had a fuil confession of that very crime from the prisoner, Who had relied upoh the cripple as a' loyal friend, simply because hth?y had 'met occasionally at the mother's house. This swept' away the doubts that she had (reated, c'nvincing to that her clinging love had overcome Iatr regard for the truth. I gained a pro mnise from the cripple that he woult say. nothing till called to the stand by1 too other side. "When-the prosecution had made iis case at the trial I was entirely satistie-. Just after Jenkins and Biuskey had sworn point blank, as I knew they would, word reached me that lthere was a pri vate: detective in the court room who wanted Winter for a crime c.mnmnitted in Neiv York. This was help from an un expected source, and I soon had it before the jury that the ugly scar 'on Winter's cheek was made by a man defending his home against burglars. There was not a weak link in the chain of cridence that had been coiled about him. "On his behalf the testimony of the weeping mother made a deep impres sion, but I was confident that the spell she had put upon the twelve men sitting in judgment would yield to the cool de liberations of the jury room. After sevt ral unknown witnesses had given testi mony tending to show that Winter had led a reputable life, the man who had called upon me limped to the stand. arnd I must confess that I'rejoiced at the an ticipated confusion of the defence. "But there was a most unaccount U'e intervention. No sooner was the oath:lt! ministered to the witness than. a v\ike from overhead solemhnly, warned hint tt remember that lie had made sacred pr. niise before his Maker to tell nothing buit the truth. The prisoner dropped heavily into his chair, the jurymen went white as ghosts, and' the juidge cast a troubled look about the ceilin'g as if to detect the bold.offender. 'Order in the court' was gruffly demanded and the case proceed ed. The first material question asked was as to the character of the prisoner, and that same phantom voice, this time from the rear of the judge, called the collapsed witness by name, and said, in. measured tones: 'Remember that the pains arid penalties of perjury are nt inflicted in this world alone, but are im posed through all eternity.' "The court whirled and gasped with a terror that his pride sought vainly to conceal. An unkhown dread was upon me and the jurymen were stricken with fright Hard-headed and practical old farmers as they were,- the superstition tliat had 'lain dormant and dying through generations \was quickened into life. But it was the witness who cringed and stared as though in the plreence ct death. He adnilted a bitter enmity to ward the prisoner whose liberty he had meant to swear away, though called in his behalf, and -wound up by not oney swearing that Vinter was a model young man, but that he was seen walk ing withbhis mother by the witness on the night in question. "I felt the ground slipping from: undler nme, but the dramatic climax was yet to conie. -From an open door into one Of the small adjacent rooms hurried an ex cited man, with striking features and blazing ey'es He rushed to the prisoner, emnbracini him hs i fifther might have done, and theli demanded, rathler than 'requested. that his evidence might be taken. It was to the effect that helhad been a captain in the MIexican war, that VWinter, thehi? mere boy, was a drum mer-v'homn the captain loved as a fa theri tiiat when he'was shot from his liorse in a charge -the boy gtilanttly fought back the miurderous Mexicans till stronger assistance could come, and that there he had received thile wounld which left such a ghastly scar. Tile im petuous witness even got In a statemlent that:there must be some vile conspinrcy against Winter, and anted to contfrlont t the private detective. But he had dis apjpear'e~dl Thie. jury acquitted without I retii-ng, ind I thou'~ hlt their verdict a righteous one, C "One evening, soiem yeares later, wthef South olin business, I fouind tilme heavyn ion my hanid and dropqeid rito a place of ainrtusdement. I wais ridifferently inter ested until that voice of'the court roosm I which still haunted nmy memory, came from an upper corner of the hall. I felt -like running, buit, turning to the stage, I saw my hero of the-MexIcan wanr He tipped me a recognition, and later went with me to the hotel. There under pledge of secrecy, he gove mle the itiside facts of that mysterious trial. "The alleged mnother, the alleged de tective, the alleged captain, thie cripple and 'Winter were all memilers of a sht:ewd gang of .crooks operating in the ealst. Winter had committed tile rol" bery, and his pals had put up the elabo rate scheme which saved hintm. They en joyed many a lange over tilhe inntner in whichl they had 'done' the "lRubes' up in my county. ' Winter was then doing a life sentence. The 'motlher' was dead, the 'ldetective' fled the country, and the tcripltle weint \with him. The captains was -,te of the best ventriloquists of thd day,l and had become :a 'uprofessor.' who Smade an honest living..lt was his \\-oice, thrSown at wiu, that left us simple Perni sylvunia folks thinking that we had ln countered the supernatural,'. " ' • ::2 & 