TILL THE DAY OF JUDGMENT. By E. P. OPPENHEIM, Author of 'The Mystery of Mr. Bernard Brown,' ' A Monk of Oruta,' &o.; Chapter VIIL There are days marked in our lives with white stones. We can never forget them. Re collection, a very easy effort of memory, seema to bring back even in some measure the very thrill, tha same pulsations -and emotions, as were kindled into life by certain never to-be-forgotten happenings. lime can not weaken whilst we have life eternal. And there are other days against the memory of which we have dropped a black stone. We shrink from anything wqicu may recau mem. i\o saonuce would seem too great if only we could set the seal of oblivion upon tho3e few hated hours. We school ourselves to close our eyes and turn our heads away from anything which might in any manner recall them to us. Yet we are power less. Ghosts of them steal light-footed, detested, and uninvited guests acrosB our fairest moments ; the chill of winter 'shakes us on the most brilliant of midsummer days ; the color steals from our cheeks and our blood runs of water, AVe are at the mercy of those touches of icy reminiscence. There is no escape from them. There never will be any escape. The Sunday which followed my father's visit to London is one of those hideous memories. In the calendar of my life it is marked with the blackest of black stones. I only pray that such another day as that may never find its way into my life. The morning passed much as usual. My father had scarcely 6poken to us on the previous evening. In reply to our half-eager, :ialf-f rightened questions, he admitted that he had .been ill. He would not hear of a doctor. His malady, he told us, was one which he him self perfectly understood. He would be better in a few days. He ate and drank sparingly and then' retired at once to his room. We heard him drag himself wearily up the stairs, and Alice burst into tears, and I myself felt a lump in my throat. Yet what could we do ? He would not have us near him. The only invalid's privilege which he permitted himself was a fire in his bedroom, and this he asked for immediately he entered the house, although the night wa3. close and oppressive iind he had comes in with beads of perspiration standing out upon his white forehead. In the morning he preached an old sermon, preached it with weary lips and wholly non chalant manner. His pallid face and lustreless eyes became objects of remark amongst the UltTtt^LO UUU^LCgULlUU. X. UUUJU UUctl JJUU£J1C- whispering to one another when the service was over. Lady Naseltou spoke to me of it with concern as we passed down the aisle. ' I am sorry to see your father looking so dreadfully ill, dear,' she remarked. 'I am particularly sorry to-day. Come outside and I will tell you why.' We passed out together into the sunlit air, fresh and vigorous after the dull, vault-like gloom of the little church, with its ivy- hung windows. Lady Naselton held my arm. 'My dear,' she-said, 'the bishop is lunch ing with us to-day and staying all night. I have spoken to him about your father. He remembers him quite well and he is coming to service this evening on purpose to hear him preaco. ' 'The bishop,' I repeated vaguely. 'Do you mean our bishop? The Bishop of Ex chester?' ' Yes. I am not supposed, of course, to say anything about it, as his visit has nothing whatever to do with diocesan affairs, but! should be so disappointed if ymir father did not make an impression upon him.' She looked round to be sure that no one was listening. It was quite a needless precaution. 'You see, dear, I happen to know that there are two vacant stalls at the cathedral and the bishop wants a preacher badly. It is owing to what I have told him about your father that he is coming over to-day. I do hope that he will be at his best this evening.' 'I am afraid there is very little chance of it,' I answered blankly. 'He is really very ill. He will not admit it, but you can see for yourself.' ' He must make an effort,' Lady Naselton said firmly. ' ' Will you tell him this from me? Say that we shall all be there and if only he can make a good impression — well, it is the. chance of a lifetime. Of course we shall all be terribly sorry to lose you, but Excheater is not very far off and we really could not expect to keep a man with your father's gifts very long. . Try and rouee him up, won't you 1 Good-bye, dear.'* ...--. She drove oft and I waited at the vestry door lor my father. He came out with half-closed eyes and seemed scarcely to see me, I walked by his, side and repeated what Lady Naselton had. told me, Contrary to my expectation, the news was sufficient to rouse him from his apathy, r''*i»JH»- . . . r;»fa?Ii0 ^inBh^ltiteiip .tfrmght^ ;. he 1 aSjpblEtea ^thoughtfully. ':\'?'3faa are ^ulte : isuiS*. /that there is no mistake. It is the Bishop of Ex ohBs'ter.*' -' :'? . . _ ?. . ... ?... . '.. ' '?? ';?- I nodded assent .. ' -..'',- . _._??.. 'So Lady Naselton assured mn. I have heard her say more than once that they knew him very .well indeed. She is most anxious .that you should dp your very best. It seems that there are two -stallB vacant - at the cathe dral.' The light flashed in his eyes for a moment and .then died out, 'If only it had beep a week ngo,' he said. ?' I have other things in my mind now. ' lam not in the mood to prepare anything worth listening to.' ' Those other things, father,' I said softly. ' Are we to remain wholly ignorant of them ? If there is any trouble to be faced we are ready to take our share.' He shook his head and a wan smile flickered ' fora moment upon his pale lips. He looked at me not unkindly. ' It may come, Kate,' he said softly. 'Till then be patient and ask no questions.' We had reached the house and I said no more. Directly after luncheon, at which he ato scarcely anything, he went into his study. We hoped, Alice and I, that he had gone to work ; but in less than half an hour he came out. I met him in the hall. ' ' My hat and stick, Kate,' he said. ' I am going for a walk. His manner forbade questions, but as he was leaving the house an impulse came to me. 'May I come with you, father?' I asked. ' I was going for a walk too.' He hesitatod for a moment and seemed about to refuse. What made him change his mind I could never telL. But he did change it. ' Yes, you can come,' he said Bhortly. 'I am starting now though. I cannot wait for a moment.' ' I am quite ready,' I answered, taking my hat and gloves from the stand. So we passed out of the house together. At the gate he paused for a moment and I thought tli at he was going to take the road which led to the Yellow House and Deville Court. Apparently he changed his mind however. 'We will take the footpath to Bromilow Downs,' he said. 'I have never been there.' We turned our backs upon the more familiar places and walked slowly along the country which led to the downs. We neither of us spoke a word for some time. Once or twice I glanced towards him with concern. He was moving with uncertain steps and every now and then he pressed his hand tohis side. Physically I could see that he was scarcely equal to the exertion of walking. It was mental disquiet which had brought him out. His eyes were dry and bright and there was a hectic flush upon his cheeks. As we passed from the lane out on to the open downs he drew a little breath and removed his hat. The autumn wind swept through his hair and blew open his coat. He took in a long breath of it. . 'jL'msis gooa,' ne -said sortjy. viiet us rest here.' We sat upon the fallen trunk of a ptne tree on the verge of the common. Far away on the hillside rose the red chimneys of Naselton Hall. I looked at them and of a sudden the desire to tell my father what I knew of that man's presence there grew stronger and stronger. After all it was his right to know. It was best to tell him, \- ' Father !' I said, 'I have something to say to you. It is something which I think you ought to know.' He looked away from vacancy into my face. Something in my manner seemed to attract him. He frowned and answered me sharply. 'What is it, child? Only mind that ic is not a question.' ' It is not a question,' I said. ' It is some thing which I want to tell you, Perhaps I ought to have told you before. One afternoon last week I was at Lady Naselton's for tea. I met a man there — half a foreigner he seemed to me. He had lately returned from South America. His name was Berdenstein.' He heard me in perfect silence. He did not utter a single exclamation. Only I saw his neaa smu ana a curious marpie rigidity settle down upon his features, chaBvng away all ex freEsion. In the silence whioh followed before spoke again I could hear his breathing sharp and low almost like the panting of an animal in pain. ' Don't think that I have been spying upon you, father,' I bagged. ' It all came about 60 naturally. I gave you your letters the morning that you went away and I could not help seeing that one of them was from South America. On the envelope was written — 'In London about 15th.' Well, as you left for London at once I concluded that you went to meet this person whoever it was. Then at Lady Naseltou's this man stared at me so and he told me that he came from South America. Some instinct seemed to suggest to me that this was the man who had written you that etter. I talked to him for awhile and I was sure of it.' Then my father spoke. He was like a man who had received a strok* His voice seemed to come from a great distance. His eyes were fixed upou that creak in the trees on the dis tant hillside beyond which was Naselton Hall. ' So near !' he Baid Boftly ; ' so very near ! How did he come here ? Was it chance ?' ? 'He was good to Lady Naselton's son abroad,' I answered. 'He is very rich, they say.' 'Ay, ay!' My father nodded his head slowly. His manner was becoming more natural. Yet there was a look of deadly earnest in his white set face. To look at him almost made me shudder. Something 'in his expression war like a premonition of the tragedy to come. 'We shall meet soon, then,' he said thought fully. 'It may be to-morrow. It may bo to-day. Eato, your eyes are younger than mine. Is that a man coming along- the road there ?— down in the hollow on the other side of the turn. Dojousee?' I stood up by his side. There was a figure in Bight, but as yet a longVay off. 'It is a man,' I said. 'He is coming to wards us,' We stood there side by side for several minutes. My father was leaning on my shoul der. The clutch of his fingers seemed to burn their way through my dress into my flesh. It was as though they were tipped with fire. He did not move or speak. He kept his eyes steadfastly fixed upon the bend of the road. Suddenly a slight change fleshed into his face. He leaned forward, his upper lip quivered, he shaded his eyes with his hand. I followcd'his rapt gaze and in the middle of the dusty white road I could see the man now. Well within sight I watched him draw nearer and nearer. His carriage was buoyant' and' un-English, and he carried a cane with which he snapped off the heads of ' the thistles growing by the hedgeside. He seemed to be whistling softly to himself, show- : ing all the while those rows of white glistening teeth unpleasantly prominent against tho yellowish tinge of his cheeks. ' From the first I had scarcely doubted that this was tho man of whom we had been -talking. The coinci dence of hiscoming never even struck me. Hb seemed at the- time as a perfectly natural thing. ? . Be came to within a yard or two of ub before he appeared to recognise me. Then he took off his bat tod made me a sweeping bow. In tha middle of it. he encountered my fathers steady gaee. His hat slipped from his fingers — he stood like a man turped to Btone, Sis black eyes were iull of honor ; b& looted fct my father aa a, man would look at one risen from tbs dead, And my father Tetumed Jus '! Welcome to jEngIandoncemorB,Stephenrlf ? my father -said grimly. ''You were about to address my daughter. Have you loBt youi; 1 The man opened , his lips twice before ha spoke. I couid almost fancy that his teeth' were chattering. His voice was very low and husky. , ??.?'?? ???;.?? ?...-'?? 'I was going to ask the way to Devilii Court,' he Baid. All the time his eyes nevec left my father's face. For some reason or other - ' they were full of -wonder j my father's presence seemed to terrify him'. ? ? ! '* The way to Deville Court,' -my father rei peated. ' I am returning in that direction. I will show it to you myself. There are several turns before .you get on the straight road.' . ', My father, descended the bank into the road; The stranger muttered something inaudible) which my father ignored. 'We had better start,' he said calmly. 'It rather a long way.' . . - j The man whom my father had called Stephen hesitated and drew back. / 'The young lady,' he suggested faintly^ 'she will come with us.' 'The young lady has an engagement in another direction,' he said with his eyes fixed upon me. ' I want you. Kate, to call upon Mr. Charlesworth and tell him to be sure to be at church to-night. You can tell him why ifa is important.' There was a ring in my father's tone and a light in the glance which he flashed upon me which forbade any idea of remonstrance. Yeb at the thought of leaving those two men together a cold chill seemed to pass through all my veins. Something seemed to tell me that this was no ordinary meeting. The man-rt Berdenstein's look of terror as he had recogJ nised my father was unmistakable. Even.no^ he was afraid to go with him. Yet I was powerless. I dared not disobey ! Already the two men were walking side by side. I was lef t alone and the farmhouse to which my father; had bidden me go lay in altogether a different! direction. I stood and watched them pass' along the lane together. Then Twent on my errand. There was nothing else which I could do. -??--.. I reached home in about an hour. Alice met me at the door. 'Has father come in yet?' 1 asked her quickly. . She nodded. . . ' ' A bou t fi ve minutes ago. The walk seemed to have done him good,'9 she added. 'He was quite cheerful and had a wonderful oolorji Why, Kate ! what have you been doing tp yourself ? You are as white as a ghost.' . , ; ' He was alone, I suppose V' I asked ignor ing the question. . ' ' Alone ! of course, he was alo'ne. Come ia and have some tea at once. You look tired, out.' nwATTEn T7C. By some means or other the news had spread in the village, and such a congregation as 1 had. never seen filled our little church long before the usual time. In a dark corner I saw to iny surprise Bruce Deville leaning against a pillat with folded arms, and on my way to my pew I passed Adelaide Fortress seated in a chair in the nave. Neither of these two had I ever_ seen in church before, and what had brought? them there 011 that particular evening I never clearly understood. It was a little irony of fate — one of those impulses which it ia hard to, believe are altogether coincidences. :' .' The bishop came early and sat by Lady1 Naselton's side, the centre of all eyes. I looked away from him to the chancel. I was; strangely nervous. It was still dimly lity although the bells had ceased to ring. There was only a moment's pause, however ; then the; little space was filled with white-robed figures' and my sister's voluntary, unduly prolonged in this instance, died away in a few soft chords, . I drew a long breath of relief. Everything was going as usual. Perhaps after all thia night might be a fateful one for us. i I watched the bishop's face from the first. I saw him glance up as though in surprise as my father's rich musical voice woke the echoes of the dark little church with the first words of the service. At the singing, which was always '? wretched, he frowned, and catching a sideway glauco from Lady Naselton, smiled somewhat; . Studying him through half -closed eyelids I de*.:; cided that country services in the abstract did' not attract him, and that he was a little bored i It was only when my father stood up in thef-, pulpit and looked around him in that moments , or two of hushed suspense which precedes the . eivins' out of the text that the lines of his face relaxed, and he settled himself down with an air of interest. For me it was a terribly anxious moment. I knew my father's state of health, and I remem* ber the few weary and pointless words which had gone to make his morning sermon. Con trary to his usual custom he stood there with-' out any notes of any sort. I scarcely dared to hope that he would be able to do himself jus-i tice. Yet the first words of his text nad scarcely left his lips when some premonition of what was to come sent a strange thrill through all my nerves. ' ' The wages of sin are death.' No words could gave any idea of the marvellous yet altogether effortless solemnity, with which these words passed from my, father's lips. Scarcely uttered above a whisper they yet penetrated to the utmosb corners of thelittlechurch. Was it really intense earnestness or a wonderful knowledge -and appreciation of true dramatic, effect which made him close the book with a slow move ment of his forefinger and stand up there amongst the' deep shadows as pale as the surplice which hung around his frail form? Yet when he spoke his voicedid not tremble or falter. His words, tense with life, all vibrating with hidden firo, penetrated easily to the furthest and darkest corner of the building. . ' The wages of sin— the eternal torment of a conscience never sleeping, never weary 1' 16 was of that he went on tp speak. I can scarcely remember bo much as a single sen tence of that sermon, although its effect unon myself and 'those who formed the congregation , of listeners is a memory which even now thrills, . me, From those few opening words, pregnant as they were with dramatio force and. lit with . the fire of true eloquence, not for onemomenti . did the attentionof asingle inemberof the little congregation wander. A leaf could have been; heard to drop in the church, the rustle of the pooketbandkerchief was a perfectly audible' sound. Not even a child looked sideways to watch the dark ivy waving softly against the stained glass windows or wondered at the strange pattern which a ray of dying sunlight had traced upon the bare stone aisle. There was something personal — something like the -jry of human sorrow itself in that slow; passionate outpouring. Was it by any chance a confession or an accusation to which we were listening? It was on the universality of sin of whioh my father spoke with suoh heart, moving emphasis. Our liyeB were like cup? boards having many chambers some oT which were open indeed to the daylight and the gaza , Of aU men, hut there, were others Jealously. . closedand looked. IVecouia make tneir out side' beautiful, we 'could keep the eyes of all^ men from $en6tr»ting - beneath 'that fair exterior, we could lock them with a.cunning kdA Bebret key 60 ttiat ' no hand save olir own could lay hare the gridy spectre, that lurked iwittiiivyet pur own knowledge, or 'what wd . iad grown' to call conscience, Bat in our. hear ta and mocked m Sometimes the great white ? light swepbinto the hidden places, there was A tug tit our heartstrings, and behold the *eal iad fallen away. And in thai; church, mv father added slowly^ 'he doubted whe%$ h [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] ' . ^ ? ; ? : . ? : : .-. -i any one could sajr that within iim those dark places were not.' ; Suddenly his calm fcereo eloquence became touched with passion. His pale face gleamed and his eyes/Were lit with an inward' fire. Gesture and tone moved to the beat of a deeper and more subtle rhetoric He was pleading -for those whose sin beat about iu their bo urns and lay like a dark shadow aoro3s all the sweet places of life. Passionate ana more passionate ho grew. He was pleading— for whom? We listened entranced. His terrible earnestness passed like an electric thrill into the hearts of all of us. Several women were crying softly ; men sat there with bowed heads, face to face with ghosts long eince buried. Bruce Deville was sitting back in hie corner with folded arms and downcast head. Adelaide Fortress was looking stead fastly up towards that pale inspired figure with soft wet eyes. Even the bishop was deeply moved and was listening to every word. Tor my part there was a great lump in my throat. The sense of some terrible reality behind my father's impassioned words had left ine pale and trembling. A subtle sense of excitement stole through the church. When he paused for a moment before his concluding sentence there was something almost like a murmur amongst the congregation, followed by another period of breathless suspense. In the midst of that deep hush a faint sound attracted me. My seat was on a level with the open door and I glanced out. A man was leaning acainst the porch— a man in very grievous condition. His clothes were dis ordered and torn and there was a great stain on the front of his coat. I alone had glanced away from the preacher in the pulpit towards him, and whilst 1 looked the sound which .had ?first attracted me was repeated. A low, faint moan scarcely louder than a whisper passed from between his lips. He stood there sup porting himself with his hands against the wall. His lined face was turned towards me, and, with»a thrill of horror, I recognised him. I half rose from my seat. The man was either ill or dying. He seemed to be making frantic signs to me. I tried my utmost to signal to Mr. Charlesworth, but, like all the lest, his eyes seemed riveted upon the pulpit. Before I could leave my seat or attract anyone's attention he had staggered through the door into the church itself. He stood leaning upon a vacant chair, a wild disordered object, with blood stains upon his hands and clothes and his dark eyes red and gleaming fiercely beneath his wind-tossed mass of black hair. bo fascinated was the congregation that, save myself, only one or two stray people had noticed him. He stood amongBt the shadows, and only t, to whom his profile appeared against the background of the open door, was able to mark the full and terrible disorder of his person. And while I waited, numb with some nameless fear, the preacher's voice rang once more through the buildiug, and men and women bowed their heads before the sweet lingering passions of those sad words. ' The wages of Bin are death. For all things Tnaypa-:sawaysave sin. Sinalone is eternal. Bin alone must stamp itself wherever it touches with an undying and everlasting mark. Retri bution is like the tides of the sea, which no man's baud can stay ; and Death rides her barque upon the rolling waves. You and I and every man and woman in this world whom sin has known— alas ! that they should be so many — have looked into her marble face, have felt the touch of her pitiless hands and the cold despair of her unloving embrace. For there is death spiritual and death physical, and many of us who bear no traces of our past in the present of to- day have fought our grim battle with the death — tho — death ? ' And then my father's words died away upon his lips aud the whole congregation knew what bad already thrown me into an agony of terror. The man had staggered to the bottom of the aisle, and the sound of his shuffling move ments and tho deep groan which ac companied them had drawn many eyes towards him. His awful plight stood revealed with pitiless distinctness in the open space where ho was now standing. The red blood dripped from his clothing upon the bare stono floor, a foam which was like the foam of death frothed at his lips. He stood there the focus of all horrified eyes, swaying to and fro as though on tho eve of collapse, his arms out Btretched aud his eyes flashing red fire upon the thin almost spectral-like figure of the preacher now leaning over towards him from the pulpit. The slight color forced into my father's cheeks by the physical effort of his impassioned oratory died away. To his very lips he was as white as the surplice be wore. Yet, he did not lose his nerve or falter for a moment. Ho motioned to Mr. Churlesworth and the other churchwardens, and both left their places and hurried down the aiale to wards the wild tragical -looking figure. Just as thev reached him the cry which his lips had twico declined to utter burst out upon the tense breathless silence. He made a convul sive movement forward as though to spring like a wild cat upon that calm, dignified tigm-e looking down upon him with unfaltering and unflinching gaze. ' Judas ! You, Judas ! Oh ! My God !' His hands, thrown wildly out, fell to his side. He sunk back into the arms of one of those who had hurried from their places at my father's gesture. A last cry mora awful than anything I have ever heard woke hid sous echoes amongst the worm-eaten black oak beams, and before it had died away I saw Ade laide Fortress gliding like a black wraith from her seat and fall on her knees by the fainting man's side. My father lifted up his arms and with a depp solemn tremor in his tone pro nounced the Benediction. Then with his 6urplico flying around him he caine swiftly down the aisle between tho little crowd of horrified people. They all fell back at his approach. He sank on one knee by the side o£ the prostrate man and looked steadfastly into his face. The congregation all waited in their places, and Alice, who was only partly aware of what was going on, commenced to play a soft voluntary. There was some whispering for a moment or two. Then they lifted him up and carried the lifeless body out into the open air. My father followed close behind. For a few minutes there was an uneasy silence. People forgot that the benediction had been pro nounced, and were uncertain whether to pro or stay. Then someone made a start, and one by one' they got up and left the church. Lady Nasclton paused and sat by ray side for a moment. She was trembling all over. 'Do you know who it was?' she whispered. I shook my head. 'I am not sure. It was a stranger. Was it not ?' She shuddered. ' ' It was either a stranger or my guest, Mr. Berdenstein. I only caught a glimpse of his face for a moment and I could not be sure, He looked so horrible.' She paused, and suddenly discovered that I was half fainting. 'Gome out into the air,' she whispered. I got up and went out with her just in time. They had carried him into a distant corner of the churchyard. My father when he saw ua standing together in a little group came slowly over as though to check our further advance. His face was haggard and drawn. He seemed to walk with difficulty.and underneath his sur glice I could see that one hand was pressed to is side. 'The man iB dead,' he said quietly. ' There must have been an accident or a light. No ono seems to know where he came from.' 'I wonder,' remarked the bishop thought fully,' 'why he should have dragged himself up to the church in buoU' a plight. One of thosetottagos or the vicarage would have baen neater,' ?-. ' '''?''/ ' * 'Perhaps,' my father answered '/ gravely ' he was struetrling for sanctuary.' ' - ' And 'the bishop .held up his right hand to wards the sky with a solemn gesture. ' 'God grant that he may have found it,' he prayed. ' \ ^~' ' {To be continued.) ? 