AUNT DOBOTHTS LETTER. My dear Nephews and Nieces — It is not necessary for me to tell you, I sup-' pose, that rats are very cunning: most of you have, I should think, been able to see that for yourselves, and it not, you have, no doubt, read of their smart tricks in your school books, mirh aR the wav in which they will tret oil out of a cask or*flask. I will, however, just mention this in case Borne of you should not have heard of it. Bats have been known to get oil out of a vessel when the oil was too low for them to reach it with the mouth, and this iB how it is done. One rat will stand on the edge .of the vessel with his back towards the oil, lower his tail into it, draw it up covered with oil, and then allow a companion to lick it off, and the one who has enjoyed the feast, when he has had enough, will then do the 'dipping' business and allow the other to feast on the oil. In this way they will continue to work at intervals until the oil gets too low for their tails to reach it. There were ones in England a lot of rats in a house that caused a great deal =of trouble and gave a number of people a great fright, leading those living in the house to suppose that there was a ghost in the place on aocount of the great noises that were heard there every night. These noises ?were always heard in the lower part of the house and it was thought that at some time or other a orime must have been committed there and that the place was haunted by the ghost of the murdered person. At last the old lady who owned the house determined to find out what was the cause of all the noise, and having armed her servants and provided herself with a brace of pistols she sat up all night to keep watch. There was no noise that night, nor the next ; and although some of the household sat up for several nights nothing more was heard. So pleased was the old lady at having 'laid the ghost' that she invited several friends to her house and gave a dinner to celebrate her victory. In honor of the occasion she re solved to open a cask of wine which had long been hoarded in the cellar. Keys in hand and attended by her butler she went down to the cellar. The peg was pulled out of the cask, but no wine came. The butler rapped on the cask with his knuckles, but only a hollow sound came — the cask was empty. On examining the cask with the aid of a light teeth-marks were found on the staves, and these could not have been made by any other animals than rats. They . had, by gnawing at the cask, got at the wine and no doubt made drunk by the large quantities they had taken of a drink to which they were so unaccustomed had 'carried on' as drunken people will do, knocking things about and making terrible noises and strange sounds, which caused people to think that the house was haunted. It is curious that the lady only made up her mind to watch just as the cask was emptied and the noises ceased, but so it was. The cask was placed in the museum of the late Mr. Buck land, the celebrated. English naturalist, who was the first to make the facts known to the public. Let us now see what letters have been this week chosen from My Letter Bag. [No date.] Dear Aunt Dorothy — I am glad to . write to you again. I have something very pretty to tell you about our cockatoo ; we have taught him to say — 'Charley, bad boy/Vand last week my brother Charley wm so pleasedtiis school holidays were so near that every time be passed the cocky he said — 'Charley's holidays next week, cooky.' To my father's great surprise on Saturday morning, when he lifted the cocky out of the kitchen, be said — ' Charley's holidays next week : Charley bad boy.' My father was pleased ; he B&id; cocky was quite right, holidays and bad boys went together, but mother says Charley must let father sec that cocky is wrong by being a good boy all through the holidays. I hope you will print this letter next week, dear Aunt Dorothy, I think some of your little folks will like to read it and perhaps tell you something in return. With loving wishes for your Christmas and the New Year and tor Uncle George— Your loving niece, Emma Norto.y. P.S.— I send Is. for the Home. My age is 12 years. What a. pleasure it must be for you; my dear Emma, to have euch a clever cockatoo. I hope your brother during his holidays will try to act as your dear mother wishes him to and show your father that he was wrong-, as far as Charley is concerned, in hia remark that 'holidays and bad boys go together.' I see you forgot to date your letter, my dear Emma, and as I do not remember having received a letter from you before, I cannot put at the head of it the place- from which you have written. Tliank you, my_'dear Emma, for your ' subscription towards the' Home. „? ~«- . «. «.» .-???- -? w~ ?~»-Ar»ytonr'Bew«uftert3,n897.* ' Dear Aunt Dorothy— Niece Elsie Brandt in her etler to you last week told you a storj' about a clever cat. I am going to do 80 this week. The cat I am going to tell you about is of a light brown and yellow color. When Tom first made his appearance he came from some unknown quarters. We all thought he was a very pretty cat and, having our parents' con Bent, we decided to keep him. Tom soou showed his character to be of a very noisy kind. Alter a time . (when Tom grew worse instead of better) we took him to a place 6 miles away, but he was back again the next day. Soon after we were goinc to see a friend living in a hilly country 10 miles distant. In three days Tom was home again. One day we were going to a place 22 miles away in a very rough and hilly country. We did not see Tom for a long time after tnat, but one night— 18 months after— he arrived safely, nope th£ worse for his experience. We have Tom still and we shall keep him for the rest of his We, tor this is to be his future home. Father thought him very clever and told us he would always keep him. I will now conclude.— From your sincere niece, . , ?*-ph-'-w ? ?,«? FlobMe Ward. .. =P.S.— My age is 13 years. ; ' Is/it not wonderful, my deav Florrie, how oats, can find their way home from a long diBtanoe without anyone to guide them? I have often heard of oats returning home after being taken away some five or six miles, but . your account of your cat having found its way ? baok over 10 miles of oountry surprised me : and as that fact surprised me you can readily understand how astonished I was to read that' your-cat had returned after being taken a»Vay ??????? . ?'??'\''r''v.iii~- ? -.-?-???: . -k ,- .-:?. ? #&*%&&.. 23 miles. I think he deserves to be kept in a home to whioh he iaso muoli attached. i~ Mnndoora, December 17, 1897. , Dear Aunt Dorothy— I think it, is a long time since I wrote to you before, so I thought 1 would write another letter and wish you and Uncle George a Merry Christinas and a Happy New Year. Dear Aun I Dorothy, since I wrote to you lost my dear grand, mother died. She was «2 years and 0 months old. I haven't any grandmother now. We all loved her very much, MyUttle baby aister is well. My sisterFiorrie wrote to you and sent you a pair of baby's woollen - boots for the bazaar. Did you get them all right V She would like to know. With love to you and Uncle George.— I remain yqur loving niece, Olive Lillian Ciiesson. Aged 10 yean and 3 months. Thank you very much, my dear Olive, for. your good wishes, and your Uncle George de sires to thank you also. We both hope that you, as well as all our other nephews and nieces, will have a Merry* Christmas, and a Happy New Year. I was sorry to hear ot the death of your dear grandmother. -To what a good old age she lived You must miss her very much. Please tell your sister that the articles for the bazaar arrived safely and give her my thanks for them. Mono, December 1, 1897. Dear Aunt Dorothy— We are not going to school to day because there are hot winds and it is very dusty, so I thought I would like to write to you. I am try log for a prize. I am in the third class now. We were going to have all the school children's likenesses taken to-day, but I don't think they will do it as it is so very dusty. We had our Sunday-School anniver sary about a month ago. We all got prizes. Mine was called ' Choosing her Way.' It iB a pretty story. We have two cows, but neither is in milk. We have our dog Bover yet, two canaries and ayoung one. I will not be able to write again before Christinas, so I will wish you aai Uncle George a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. — 1 remain your loving 'niece, Gkktie R. Kothwell. Aged 9 years 4 months. The hot winds and dust kept you from school, my dear Gertie, and therefore it was unfortunate that they happened to come on a schoolgoing day, but it would not be nice of me to complain, because it seems I should not have bad your welcome letter but for your being prevented from attending school. 1 was glad to be told that you got a prize at your Sunday-school anniversary and that you are pleased with it. Your Uncle George and I thank you, my dear Gertie, for your good wishes for Christmas and New Year and re turn the compliment most heartily. Umberalana, November 29, 1897. Dear Aunt Dorothy— We were 60 pleased to see my brother Don's letter printed, but he did not tell you about any of our pets. We have got two nice parrots one my dada carried on his horse 26 miles for my sister seven years ago, and one my mother had given to her two years ago ; and we have two dogs— one of them will jump over my brother's back and sit up and bring his hat to him. His name is ' Scot ;' he is a dear old fellow, but I would like to tell you of a dear old dog my dada had, but my letter might be tbo long. 1 was going to send you 4d., but my sister gave me bd. more, so 1 am sending you Is. I was 8 years old on the 25th of November.— Your loving little niece, . Susie Elizabeth Hughes. It was very nice of you, my dear Susie, to tell me about your pets, as your brother had not done so. That dog ' Scot' appears to be a capital jumper and very smart in other ways. I hope you will tell me in your next letter about the dear old dog your dada had. I shall be very glad to hear about him.- You will, I suppose, have seen, my dear Susie, that the receipt of the subscription you sent towards the Home has already been acknowledged. I tharikyou for it and must ask you to give my thanks to your dear sister for what she sent. Corraberra Station, November 20, 1897. Dear Aunt Dorothy— Last week I was reading one of your pretty stories you told us about a horse who could pump water when it wanted a drink. I think it is true, because one day I was playing with our little pup and I got a bone and tied it to the pump handle ; tbeu pup would come and pull and bite the bone, and the handle would go up and down just as if you had hold of it aud were trying to pump it, but the water did not come out because it did not go quick enough. This is all the news this time. So wiUi love to you and Uncle George— I remain your loving niece, Florence IIogak. P. S. — I am sending you 6d. for the Home. I am 12 years and 4 months old. There is no doubt, my dear Florence, that' the story I told my nephews and nieces about the horse pumping water (to which you refer in your letter) is quite true, but you could not expect to teach your puppy to do work of that kind, as he would not be strong enough to work the handle so as to make the water flow. Tliank you, my dear Florence, for your sub scription towards the Home.' As you have no doubt seen, its receipt has been acknowledged already. The above is the last instalment of letters in connection with the Fourth Letter Competition, and the prizes will be sent out next week j but, as I told you last week, there is to be a Fifth Letter Competition, about which I then gave you the particulars. However, I think it would be as well to re peat a portion of what I then said, so that there may be no mistake about the matter. Here is a portion of my last' week's letter, which I hope you will read attentively and make yourselves well ac quainted with what-I wish you to do ; and I have no doubt' you will all respond most readily. The prizes will be 6s. for the best letter, 5s. for the second best, 4s. for the third, 3s. for the fourth, and 2s. for the fifth. The conditions are as follow : — No letter must ex ceed 250 words exclusive of date, signature, &c; the letters must be written on one side of the paper only and each must give tlie age of the writer. The letters for this compe tition will be those appearing during January, February, and March next. As nearly all of my nephews and nieces have animal pets, and those who have not appear to love animals, I think it would lie well to get them to relate anecdotes about any clever things they have- seen them do, and I propose in this competition to give the prizes, to the writers of the best letters about -clever- things that their .animals (or even insects) -have done. In judging the letters I intended to be guided not altogether by the interest attaching to the story itself, but the way in which the story is told will also be considered. I scarcely need say, I suppose, that the letters must becom posed by the writers themselves and without assistance from their ciders. I can, I am sure, my dears, depend upon you to observe this lajle..- . „. ,_, , *. ? «*~- ?»-- » » ????»»»?? Before closing my letter I wish to tell you that I have this week received from Nephews Allan and Frank Shawyer, of Southwark, a numberof very pretty picture-books for the weak-minded children. These I have sent to the lion. bcc. for the Home and before this is in print they will be in the hands o£ the children for whom they were intended and will, I am euro, amuse them very much. In a short note accompanying the books the givers say very_ prettily — 'We have com menced oar holidays and are having a good old time. We want the weak-minded chil dren to harp some pleasant times and so we are sending you some books to help them to be happy also.' And this remark about holi-. days reminds me to tell you how glad I shall, be to got letters from you telling mo of your doings during your' holidays. Again wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year (a wish in which your Uncle George joins most heartily) believe- me to be, my dear nephews and nieces, ' ? ? .. .''.'?-? ??' Yours most afieotionately, , : .-?? ? Aunt DonoTHr. 