?bund the tWIR FIRE. [?] ?jl^^^SIOBXS BESEEVKD.] i^Efae Spectre Woodman. ( Continued ,) ?gggg^dto these unattractive traits he HBHlgjbs«Brmbk habit when anyone ^HB8|pie&r; him of sharpening with a .unusually keen edged axe, ?Bptotm&lly; running his thumb over it, 1 ^HSMMi|wifh satisfactory results, would himself. ?^^Pts,:fit to split your — skull open.' HH^S|pjever so slightly annoyed with any HK'i ll' would with many oatbs). I lion he at any time 8) swear that he would skulls open, the re that he was carefully all. Why the manager iployedat all was a matter to most of the men, who the excuse that Darby was a ' formulated the theory that was frightened to discharge not necessary to enter into of this often discussed sugh it is only just to say lorley was admittedly a It is enough that Darby i i bis employ and seemed do so in spite of -ur into which be had irsoually I feared tbe id always went to measure with more or less reluctance, 9 greatly intensified after isit for this pnrpose. On in I was stooping over a r 'tbe tape ronnd the girth, r sat on mother near by bis axe as usual. Suddenly his shadow that he rose sing his axe as if to strike ahind. Needless to say 1 sr the log in a twinkling, m, when to my astonisment xe acsoss his shoulder, ag bitten you mister ?' he id. plied with as much com jould command.' he matter then ?' he some ' demanded. I though you were about trick on me that's all,' jocularly as circumstances t. idn't mister. Don't pitch I — lies to me. I wont have ught I was going to split II for you. Well you see I ilip round them logs smart, mv ticket.' ! bo you may be sore, and got wny as quickly as possible thankful to Ifie&bls; to do so at aU, and never after ^Uowed him to get behind me. Once l&.Athe endeavour to create some proKtach to good will in him I pmsjauitly remarked. ll&'iTpn've knocked out a good week ^♦Suppose I ave, what business is it ?gjronrn?' heartly retorted with bearish ggiMter ibis I never more than bid Hl^good day and then only when he Mfeiifl to be more than usually agree KBp- The general impression obtained H|^M''was a lunatic or at least a BHjfi^&aniac; and the desire to see the was openly discussed. point was at last ?BfiKjUbyaccident A large vicious ?nam4-Uek tom-cat was in the habit of ?Hmg^aids upon my larder, and caught in the act curve H^^ptr'jBtand his ground and spit' whoever interrupted him ^G^jj^mitted to retreat with honour. BBHgpade a kick at him whioh he ?nj|r%Yoided and fastened his teeth of my pants from which pay thepenalty of another visit. In dueooarae'he came, when stealing up I dealt hima hlow with a loaded stick which plaoed higi horn -fo combat, when from the feeder I transferred him to the offioe rubbish heap, intending to boxy him next morning.. I had hardly reached my door again though, when a most unearthly noise Btarilei -me,: whioh upon looking back 1 found eame from Thomas, who had risen upon bis fore paws, and was giving vent to his injured feelings. Beturning, I in spite of his fierce glances and ferocious spitting, so vigor ously applied the loaded stick as to satisfy myself that he would never do an unbecoming thing again, and then left him. An hour later when seated at the offioe desk casting occasional glances out of the window upon the body, I was not a little shocked to notice evidences of returning vitality in the wretched cat, to whose relief I took my gun and and going close made no mistake as to result, but felt too upset to bury him that evening. When for this purpose I next morning went to the rubbish heap spade in band, judge of my surprise to find tbe cat gone without leaving a trace behind. Not a soul about tbe mill could give me any in formation on tbe point, so I took the gun and unsuccessfully scoured the surrounding bush till late in the morning, when I met a timber faller, going to the mill for rations. His greeting was. ' Good day boss. I see George Darby ' tother end of the track swear ing like mad that he'll split your Bkull open sure as ' ouses.' ' Oh I how's that,' I enquired uneasily for my nerves were a little shaken over 1 the cat affair. ' He says as ' ow you shot ' is cat and ' e means to do for you. ' How does he know I shot his cat ?' ' That's just what I Bays, but,' says he ' my Toby goes reg'lar to the mill for tucker, and when he didn't come back last night I up and arter him, and there 'e was a-lying on the office rubbish heap shot, so I brought h'im back and bound 'is skull up, but I think 'es done for. Now I know as it's that office chap as done it 'cause he's the only 'and as keeps a gun, and by thunder I'U split his Bkull open for it 1' ' When does he propose favouring me?' ' Don't know, boss, but I'd keep an eye on 'im 'cause 'e's dangerous, and keeps on a-grinding o' his axe and feelin' it very queer like.' This I fully determined to do, and re turned to the mill much upset to learn that this horrid cat belonged to a worse master, whose malice I had incurred. Unable to rest in peace, I next morning interviewed mv emnlover. for the nur pose of giving up my position. Upon learning the cause, he offered to dis charge Darby at once if I would remain. To this I agreed, and Darby was dis charged, swearing as he departed to 'do for that office chap yet.' Three months passed quietly, and my mind became at rest about Darby. Where he went, or intended td go, no one knew or cared, though all were satisfied, and I went about my daily duties with a sense of perfect free dom. Out of this, however, I was at last most unceremoniously startled by the sudden appearance behind me, while lighting a fire, of Darby with his axe poised. 6pringing over the fire, I there turned and faced bim, when shouldering his axe as he had once before done, he qnietly walked into tbe bush, after favouring me with a most malignant look. Hurrying into my cottage and looking the door, I loaded the gun and kept it beside me that night, but did not venture out till next morning and then reported the oocurrenoe to the men, none of whom, strange to bay, bad seen Darby. For a week he did not farther trouble me when one evening just at dusk while returning from measuring the men's work he suddenly emerged from behind a bush I had just passed, and his raised axe desoendea ; but I was gone. Gone like the wind and did not stop till well within doors. There and then I determined to give notioe. My nerves could stand this kind of thing no longer; to have a would-be murderer dogging my steps was altogether too much for them. My employer, however again persuaded me to remain , promising to take tbe bush work himself and let me stick to the office, where I would always have a loaded gun handy. An undisturbed week had passed, and I sat enjoying a quiet pipe after tea wonder ing whether 1 had not, on the whole shown too much unnecessary fear of the tormentor, the conclusion being that I had and would in future present a bolder front before him. Turning then to the table (for I had been gazing through the winqgw half prepared for a possible visit) I was staggered to see Darby's horrible black cat with his head bound up in dirty rags, ravenously engaged upon the almost finished joint my meal had just been made off. Hastily picking up the earring knife I hurled it at but missed the intruder who fiercely curved his bristling back, and spat most venomously at me. Upon eeoond thought I determined before again dis turbing him to call some of the men men, in witness of this evidenoe of Darby's presence in the neighbour hood. Going to the door I called a couple of hands who were enjoying a pipe and yarning at their doors and with them entered the rooms again, to Sad, unfortunately that Thomas had gone without leaving a trace of his late presence or depar ture behind. Though disappointed in my evidence, there was some measure of compensation in the relief afforded by his unostentatious departure. I could not disguise the fact that this was preferable to a death struggle with so tenacious a foe. Strange to say I was left for another week in peace, when upon the usual day of the week and hour of dusk, as I turned from a con versation with Mr. Hurley, Darby sud denly appealed from out the shadow of a buish not more than six yards off, his axe over one shoulder, his cat ensoonsed upon the other. As soon as the brute saw me he roused himself, and curving his back spat furiously at me, while Darby's single eye gleamed again with the fierce light of hate. It is useless to deny that in spite of my late courageous resolve, I was considerably disturbed at the meeting, and for several moments hesitated as to my course. Then call ing Mr. Hurley, who had not gone more | than half-a-dozen yards, 1 pointed out my enemy to him, but somehow he did not seem to see Darby, who soon turned upon his heels, and walked into the bush. I felt nervous, con founded, and greatly depressed. Could I be mistaken ; surely Mr. Hurley must have seen him bad he been there ; yet, how could I be mistaken 1 There could be no doubt about the cat any way, for I not only clearly saw, but heard him also. Next day (Sunday) confirmation enough appeared. One of the men came to me with a paper andsaid excitedly ' Look here, boss. Read that 1' I did, and found that it told of a dreadful tragedy at ' The Lakes,' whioh I had some months before left. A man named George Darhy, who bad been there but a week, walked up behind a miner who was cooking his evening meal, and split his head open with an axe as sharp as a razor, killing the poor fellow instantly. So enraged were the other miners that tbey lynched tbe I murderer within an hour after the ' crime ; a thing easy in the absence of police protection. This took plaoa , about two months after his discharge from the mill. Though freed by this sews from fear ot personal violence, a new terror burst upon me ; I was haunted, an alternative I would not willingly have aocepted. The mill hands, too. had none too great a relish for supernatural visitants yet would t wile much of their leisure I time away, in listening or telling | gruesome ghost stories until tbe very 1 flesh would creep in hearing. Regularly : every week at dusk sheared in some : unexpected place, Darby's apparition, for 1 such now it could but be considered, though I alone was favoured by tbe sight. Strangely enough, too, I noticed since reading of the murder, that tbe blade of bis inevitable axe always dripped bright-red blood, while from Bilent appearances, he developed a most foul and threatening tongue, the sound of his voice being as strong and true to my hearing, as was the image of his person to my sight. Ulti- j mately the men showed a strong disin clination to my presence, and even spoke I gathered of requesting the manager to discharge me. He was, however, very partial, and offered to keep me company when tbe next visitation was expected, in order to try and solve the mystery of it. The even ing came and we settled ourselves in my room about dusk and waited. In due course Darby appeared, pressing his repulsive face against the window-pane while the cat sprang out of his arms up- ; on the cill, curved its back, and spat I fiercely as usual, at me. There could be j no mistake ; I was not three yards off and never saw the man, cat, or axe more dearly in my life. I looked steadily, — ? if fearfully — and noticed beside the [ dripping ass, a dark-bine rope mark round his neok. Though pointing out I these particulars to Mr. Hurley he en- | tirelv failed to see anything at all. j Hardly had he so declared, when Darby , hissed savagely at me, ' Yon ? cuss. You' shot my Toby, ' and I'll split your ? head open for it yet ; take my word,' and the demon | pressed his villanious face still more closely against the glass, from which I reooiled almost in tenor. ' What's the matter, Frank ?' Mr. j Hurley asked, and I told him ; but he j persisted that he neither saw nor heard anything. 'As soon as my agitation 1 subsided, he said, ' Now Frank, just keep as cool as ! you can, and do as I tell you. Close your right eye, and tell me whether you [ con see Darby with your left.' ' Yes,' I said, following bis instruc tions. . ' Well now, close your left eye and ! and look with your right.' I was astonished to find the appari- 1 tion had vanished, and said so. ' Now open both eyes.' There, sure enough it stood again. ' Try again,' and I repeated the ex periment several times with tbe same results. Darby was only visible to my left eye. ' ' Just what I thought. Is he abusing you still ?' ' He is going to, I see. His cat is swearing profoundly.' ' Then try your ears as you have done your eyes.' I did, and found the sound reached me through my left ear only. ' Now Frank, the ghost theory is clearly exploded. Yon are simply suffering from what the doctors call unilateral hallucination, upon which, some years ago, I read an article. It simply means that the organs of vision and hearing on your left side are : diseased, and your dread of Darby has 1 given the hallucination this particular I direction. Go down to Invercargill and j see Dr. McKenzie. He trill set you I right. I When I fully realized that the visions arose from a disordered orgtfjtm they had quite an interest to me! :;I ? would jibe Darby and. tease his eat, on til they became furious, and returned a full measure of compliments. The Doctor regarded.mine as the finest ease of the kind on reoord, and, fbr several weeks, lionized me among themodioal faculty of Invercargill,' ' until I quite regretted parting with my apparition, for, in due time, I recovered a healthy tone and have not fallen from it since. (To be rontvi tier/. I 