THE STOBTZTELLEB. MARSHALL'S DOUBLE. ? c- ? ? - ?':'?:' Chapter T. ' ' Among the curious cases which I as a once active member of the Society for the ? Rehabilitation of Abnormal Phenomena, have been called upon to investigate, that ' ol Mr. Marshall's apparition to the Rev. George Burwnsh, of Sussexville, and to the Rev. Philip Wendover, his curate, is cer tainly by no means the least curious. It was communicated to the Society by the Rev. George Burwash himself, with a mass of authenticating evidence quite in excess of the ordinary case of this description. The Rev. George Bnrwash is one of that littin nrmv of hnnfiRt and worthv amateur investigators scattered throughouc the country, clergymen, retired officers, pro fessors, keeping holiday, and ladies of every description, who, in spite of a certain in experience in the handling of human evi dence, are doing such excellent work in reviving the erst decadent belief in spiritual entities. He was already favorably known to the Soci- ty by his experiments in thought transference. The apparition occurred on Christmas Evj, 1895, and his communication was read before the Society in the subafquent January. My inquiries in Sussexville were prosecuted during the April and May fol ' lowing. A doppelganger, I need scarcely remind \- you are here and yet you appear suddenly to a friend or acquaintance elsewhere. In othtr words, a doppelgauger is a phastasm of a living person. Such phantasms are belived by many quite reputable people nowadays to be of frequent occurrence, and, as in the easel had to examine, are often curiously purposeless. Here wo had Mr. Marshall appearing suddenly and with a disturbed countenance before Mr. Bur wash and his curate, uttering horrible imprecation?, threatening him, and then suddenly disappearing. He cursed and threatened without rhyme or reason ; his procedure was totally without symbolic value. But so vivid and sonorous was the phantasm that at the time it did not enter into the head of Mr. Burwash to regard him as anything but a real persoD, albeit the figure moved with a curious gliding mnlinn markflrtlv different from walking. Until ib vanished, indeed, the thought of ghosts did not occur to him. The manner of disappearance and the subsequent silence, as the reverend gentleman described them, were, however, quite sufficiently ghost-like for any reasonable demand. ;My first, proceeding in elucidating this interesting case was, of course, to visit the scene of the appearance, and courteously and exhaustively to cross-examine Mr. Bur wash and Mr. Wendover on the particulars of. the incident. Mr. Bur wash occupied a house on the hillside above the church, and, in conse quence of the growth of his family, he has, for the sake of quiet, built himself a small but convenient study of pine up the hill. A path crosses over the crest of the hill, and descends steeply from a little gate near the study between the Vicarage hedge and the churchyard wall to the lych gate in the main road below. On Christmas Eva Mr. Barwash had baen writing lite at his Christmas sermon, ? having beon delayed during the day^ by a !' pweel of spookicil literature, and it was after midDight that he finished. His ' curatp, with whom ho 13, for a vicar, on exceptionally friendly terms, came into the study, and sat on smoking, while the vicar alternately' talked to him and punctuated hia discourse for the morrow. It adds to \- the interest of the cjbo that this curata, Mr. Wemlover, was a declared sceptic. When the punctuation was completed the vicar got up, Blretohod, and openal his study door to look out at the weather. H- saw by the glare from the door tb.it a few fl-ikes of snow wcro filling, and ho was preparing to turn and remark upon this to the curate when suddenly, and abruptly, Mr. Marshall appeared outsUa the ga'o, and stood for a moment, swaying exactly like a drunken man, and app*rently strug gling with violent internal em -fi:-ns. Thou, finding his voioa, he pourel forth with dramatic unexpectedness a villoy of curs s, so gross and personal tho-. I hud th-« greatest, difficulty in persuading Mr. Barwnab, in tho interests of science, to repeat th*m. The curate became aware of Mr. Mar shall's presence for the first timo when ho heard this outbreak. Ho sprang U his feet, and saw Marshall distinctly over his; puperior's shoulder, Then, as abruptly, the man staggered and vanished into the night. As he did so, a gust of wind whirled the enowflakes about, and the study door be hind Mr. Burwash slammed violently. Mr. Burwash was shut out and the curate in. In his communication to the Society Mr. Burwash laid great strees upon this fact- of the slamming dcor, because he inclines to the belief that it shows a quasi-material nature in phantasms ; for, as he very pertinently asks, how otherwise could the disappearance of a ghost cause a gust of wind ? Thar, however, is a side issue. As soon as they had recovered from their surprise, Mr. Burwash went to the gate, expecting to find Marshall lyiDg- there — but, up the hill and down, the pathway was deserted. That, substantially, was the story of the vision of Mr. Bar wash, and by itself it would, of course, have little or no interest. As I immediately pointed out, Marshall himself may have passed that way in an intoxicated condition, and his sudden and gliding disappearance may have been du^ to his feet slipping on the frozen snow that veneered the pathway. Tho closing door, too, by cutting eff the light, may have added that effect. And the path is bo steep that one c*n reasonably imagine a man who had lost his footing going down the entire s'ope of the hiil in a second or so ; in the »''ir, iuau id, iuau iu uuuii j.tj.1. juui naau iu re-open his door. That, indeed, was the view Mr. Burwash himself at firat took of the matter, and it ie, I suppose, the ex planation that would commend itself to any sane persoD. Mr. Wendover, of course, agreed with him. But having a scarcely explicable doubt abjut the business lurking in bis mind, the vicar took the first opportunity of taxing Marshall, who is usually a sober and steady man, with the almost unpardon able insults he had uttered overnight. In any case, and without the faintest sus picion that anything pysohic had hap pened, the vicar would have done so, though not perhaps so promptly. This opportunity of reproof he made in the afternoon of Christmas Day* He found Mr. and Mrs. Marshall drinking 3trong tea together, and it carried out the Bommonseuse theory of the affair that Marshall should have a headache still, and have been quite unable to participate with any enjoyment in their simple but, of course, extremely bilious Christmas meal. And he freely and contritely admitted ho had been drunk overnight. But when Mr. Burwash proceeded with some heat to charge him with the filthy b'asphemies of the previous evening Mrs. Marshall fired up indignantly. And buou in ww iiuuu iuu OAtiiauruiuary Blue ui this incident came to light. There was the clearest evidence — evidence strong enough to hang a man, indeed, it need had been — that Marshall had never been near the vicar's stu'ly at all on Christmas Eve ; that the thing was an absolute impossi bility ; that, in fact, about half-past eleven, half an hour before the apparition, that is, ho had been picked up helplessly drunk by some charitable neighbours about a couple of hundred yards from the Seven Thorns, carried the whole mile and a half to bis own home, carried in his own kitchen, and dumped down there at the very moment his almost equally inebriated doppelganger was insulting tho vicar three-quarters of a milfl away. T fo^forl avurjr link in Mm nlinin nf Avi. dence, as I thought, and not a link failed. Mrs. Marshall told me how she bad gono *o bed, being tired, and how when tho qood man failed to appear after half-past ten she h-d grown anxious, and at last, hearing voices outside, had shivered out of bed a- d gone to the window. A Mr. Ted App?, two brothers named Durban, one a blacksmith and the other a watchmaker, and a Mr. H-therington, a biker, were walking in a leisurely and voluminous cnainer al'm« the road, singing as they walked. She knaw Mr. Apps, ami opened tVie window and called to him. She asked him whoihor ho had S9on Marshall. At that the little p\rtv stopped nnd in terrogated one another. They all distinctly r^mamber-d Marshall being at fho Suven Thorns, a*id until she had culled their attention to the matter had had a vague impression that; he was still, oonvivially, with them. H-r wifely anxiety bping only too evident, and they full of that feeling of nvilud helpfulness that still, thank Heaven, disungaisuea our nomoiy country people at Onriatmastido, it was natural they should effjr to return for him. ' Aw rif Miz Marshall,' they cried one after the other, in a reassuring voica, and turned, and making the night cheerful with Marshall's namej returned round the long winding road towards the Seven Thorns. All were seasonably inebriated, and, no doubt, they were now scattered distantly and now in an amiable knot together as they reeled along calling afoor Marshall; bub all distinctly remember what was hap pening at the time. I have elaborately verified the story from all four of them. Every?.} ing was as ex plicit as evidence could be. ' 'Twarn't nart bun' yards orf San' Thorns,' said the blacksmith Durgan, ' that us found en. There 'e was with 'is ?ed aeanst tit' old fence, and his blessed owd white logs' — it was Mr. Marshall's weakness invariably to wear a peculiarly light variety of corduroy trousers — 'a stickin' art — jes' 'elpless 'e was. 'Ad t' carry en every blessed yard, as did. 'E wuz bad, I tell 'ee.' The others corroborated exsctly. Mar shall's speech they agreed was incoherent — shapeless, in fact. Had he been able to surmount one impossibility, and get up to the vicar's study, it would have been equally impossible far hitn to haya articu lated a curse. Of that they were all con vine d. And I imagine that the process of carrying him home along the dark road mast hwe been a pretty severe test of insensibility. ' Didn't you drop him ?' I asked of the elder Dargan. ' Oh, we dropped 'e,' said Durgan re assuringly. ' We dropped en right enough. And, .Lord ? wnat a jod .we cua avo, a picking of en up, to be sure ? ' And he proceeded to give me a detailed narra tive, as he romembered it, of the entire journey. Consfquent upon Mr. Marshall's iu pacity to talk, Mrs. Marshall had to come down and open the door in order that they might, carry him in. Bat being in a des habille that she considered unbecoming, she stipulated that they should not enter until she had had time to retire upstairs again. As they came in ehe held a candle over the bannisters and directed them where to deposit their burden. Mr. App3, being in a festive mood, then demanded drinks all round, but the others beiDg soberer, overruled him, and after they had retired she descended and locked the door. Afterwards ib would Beam that Mr. Apps returned, hammered at the door, and de manded drinks again. Twice or three times she said she was alarmed in this way, and then Mr. Apps apparently abandoned his quest. She laid greaii stress on the aggressive behaviour of Mr. Apps, on account of the trouble about the missing sausages and mince pie to which I shall presently allude. As Marshall rarely drank, and as Mrs. Marshall was a person of refined tastes, with a womanly horror of an intoxicated man, she did not go down to him in the kitchen until the early morning, and then she found him, still in a drink-Bodden sleep, upon the hearthrug, with a pool of melted snow about him. And there wbat one may call the case of the alibi ends. Strong that case indisputably is, the reader must admit. Now here we have an extraordinary con tradiction between two perfectly credible stories. ? On the one hand two clergymen, and one a sceptic, and even a scoffer, at piychic experts, witness that Marshall was in one place, and on the other, i^ur indis putably honest villagers snd the man's own wife testify as emphatically that he was in quite another place. I fitted and weighed every scrap of evidence, and could eea no way to reconciles the two except by taking tho view Mr. Burwash took, and admitting a belief in d^ppelgangers. To that effect I finally reported to the S-ciaty. Altogether I gave the business a clear seven days. Oa'y one slier native to lh*t acquiescence seemed pos-iblo to uv1, and that was that tho vicar en I hi3 curate, ia spite of tke almost vehement assuracca of Mr. Bar «nn.-.n \\\ n A -n r»f. oaan A/rnr&linll; -if. all T spent three days seeking a colorable sub stitute for Marshall, a person who seen casually might have bnen mistaken for him, and not one could I find. Ho had a noticeably long nose, a fresh complexion, and a large mouth. Even in his dross he was distinctive. In view of the fact that the light of the vicar's study fell fully on the face of the appiritkn, the mistaken identity notion failed hopelessly as an ex planation. It was doppelganger or nothing. Doppelganger, to my mind, seemed the more credible climax. In the whole course of my career as a psychic inquirer, I had certainly never como upon any occult phenomenon so absolutely a tried and proven thinp. I ask the reader to stop at this stage to recapitulate tho case as I have stated it, and to consider whether the proof does not seem — to be complete; No one at all familiar with modern psychical research will find any discredit to the story in the absolute care lessness and purposelessness of the appear ance. I need scarcely say what a hearty wel come the Society, which was naturally glad to fiud its existence justified, accorded to my personal conclusions. People who have committed themselves to psychical research who have been called fools and knaves for their curiosity, cannot be expected to judge too sceptically such a well authenticated case as mine. The case was, if I may use a vulgar but vivid expression, flapped vigor ously in the f*ces of our detractors all over the world, and my own appearance at the M»y meeting of the society wae, in its way, an ovaiion. And every inducement was h ;ld out to Mr. Marshall to ' doppei-gang' again. Chapter II. Mention ha3 already been made of the Rav. Philip Wendover in connection with this story. Mr. Wendover belonged to that large, and, I fear I muat write, prejudiced class, who will not have psychic phenomena at any price. Ha was a fair, athletic young man ; and he bad formerly been an assis tant master at Dinchester. To that I muat ascribe his extraordinary facility with slang, which occasionally even affected hia pulpit deliverances. Prom first to last, while I was unravelling this story, he bad nothing but derision for me, in spite of bis being my most important witness. Indeed, I quite sickened of his pot phrase of ' Tommy rot.' ' What tommy rot it all is 1' he would say in his riotous aniUble way. ' A grown man, presumably sane and educated, spend ing days and days hunting the ghost of a dead superstition for a lot of piffling old fools in London. Why the deuce don't you dig, man? — do something useful. You're strong enough.' 'Well,' I would say, ' here are my facts ? ' ' Oh ! facts be jiggered !' he would say. ' Facts that prove 'doppelganging are facts I have no respect for.' ' . . ' But I have,' I would say. .;-. ' What beastly lot ! You've got a* flaw somewhere. You know you have. If facts prove arrant nonsense, it shows that there's something wrong.' Then I would begin to state my case. ' Show me the flaw,' I would say., ? And directly I began to marshal my evidence he would lose his brief temper and begin to shout me down. Did I think he bad the time to go over every leaky tin post ghost story in the country.'hefore he had a right to_ disbelieve ? And I would raise my voice to avoid being shouted down. 'If Marshall has a doppelganger let him bring him up here in the daylight,' ha would say, and similar illogical nonsense ; offering to board and clothe the two of them for a year out of his own meagre income, shouting extravagant promissory notes at the doppplganger, and so forth. And then, suddenly, at the height of our shouting, he would leave off quite abruptly, star6 sav agely at his pipe, and ask me for a match. ' Have you a match !' he used to say, as though that was the thing that had driven him to revolt. That, by a tacit understanding, suspended the quarrel. I would hand him a match to re-light his pipe. He would make some indifferent remark at a tangent, and we would go on talking and smoking together like a pair of g leraod to an eavesdr -pf or on the point of b'ows, would vanish before one could snap one's ncgers. For bis choleric . outbreaks, like niy own, were ' as brief as they were violent, like tropic vl thunderstorms more than anything else in the world. Now, after I had returned to my chamber in Museum-street, I was surprised one afternoon in May by a visit from Wendover. I was collecting some new and interesting evidence upon crystal-gazing that had re cently come to band, when I heard him noisily ascend the stairs. - . He came ia with all the tumultuous vio lence of triumphant common sense, shout ing and blowing, flung his umbrella on a haunted sofa I bad on loan under observa tion, slapped down his bat on the planchette, and sit in my easy chair. L 'Give mo some tea, my good man,' ho bawled. ' And then I'll toll you an eye-opener. Your doppelganger ! He's hoist !' I tried to be as cool and acrid as possible, though this irruption was certainly some thing of a shock, and I begged him to let j me know how tbehoistingwas accomplished. And, waving his bread and butter at me to accentuate his story, and ever and anon drinking his tea noisily and eagerly, he told ine the true story of the Marshall doppelganger. . ' You know there was a thundering row blowing up about Mrs. Marshall's sausages and mince pie ?' he said. ' Libel actions and all that?' I remembered the trouble quite distinctly —too distinctly, indeed, for it was a side issue into which Mr. Marshall was always running, and which made Apps suspicious and reluctant under examination. The dis appearance of these dainties on Christmas live from her kitchen I had always re -garded as a troublesome irrelevance. So far as I had formed a judgment in that matter at all, I had gone with the general sentiment o{ the village, and sus pected Apps and his friends. For clownish thieving of that kind was just the sort of thing that would commend itself to the rustic mind as a very good Christmas joke indeed. ' What has the mince pie got to do with the story V I said. : 'Everything,' said Wendover, and he drank, winking at me over his- teacup. ' Old Franks !' said Wendover, putting his cup aside and leaning forward as he epoke to touch my knee. 'What of Franks?' I said, for I had never suspected that elderly sinner had any connection with the case. 'Drunk!' said Wendover. 'Drowsy tipsy in the Seven Thorns, a week sgo ; discussion running high on the great mince pie and sausage question. Did Apps take 'em, or didn't he 1 Friend of Apps indig nant, tried running- down Mrs. Marshall. ? Everybody knows Mr3. Marshall's mince pies are worse than her sausages, not worth stealing ; wouldn't have 'em at a gift.' * Ain't they V says old Franks, hiccoughing and winking. ' That's all you know,' said old Franks.' Wendover paused, looked at me, took up two slices of bread and butter, laid tliem face to face, bit them enormously, and looked at me again. - - 'My good man,' I said, '.'have you come all this way from S_ssexville to tell me that?' 'That, and Borne other things,' said Wendover, disposing of the bread and butter. ' How do you know ?' says Apps's friend. 'Never you mind,' says old Franks, appearing to realise he'd made a slip i}. and there, in spite of a few leading questions to the old man, his criticisms on Mrs. Marshall's mince-meat came to ah end. «, Wall,' I began. ' Wait a bit,' said Wendover. ' When old Franks had gone, as he did rather ? -quickly, after that, the peculiar way in which he had spoken was remarked upon. Could it be that he had stolen the mirice ple in question ? Occasionally he did odd jobs for Marshall, as everyone knew, and . it might be that sometime on Christmas Eve he bad ventured ? ' °'Eeally, this pot-house gossip ? ' ' You wait. It wasn't long before this little ; suspicion came to my ears, and I must confess I didn't think very much of it at the time, nor did I connect ii; with your well-authenticated case. Who would 1 But going past Marshall's, who should I see, as I thought, but Marshall himself planting .beans. He was stooping down with his back to me, so that his nether garments formed most of the view. .' I went to the wall and shouted, in tending to have a quiet word with him about thiB missing pie and sausage. He looked up and then I saw the mistake I'd made at once. It wasn't Marshall at all, but the excellent Franks, doing a bit of a job in a pair of Marshall's cast-off breekp. Ah ! — now you sit up ! No men could be less alike about the head and face and com plexion, I'll admit, but seen — that way — well; there was really an astonishing re semblance. Easily be mistaken.' ' But the vicar — you — both of you said you saw his face !' ' So we did, and heard his voice. But the ' other gents in the case — drunk — dark night ? ' That staggered me for a moment. I'd never thought of a mistake in identity creeping into the case on that side. I oould quite imagine four drunken men making such a mistake, but the point was, that even if Mrs. Marshall didn't see her s husband's face overnight, she did the next morning. ' Now, don't you think that I've come up here with a story half told,' eaid Wend over, replying to this objection, 'because I haven't. I've simply settled the whole blessed question. It's a concession to your weakness I know, but directly the possible rtf&iablance; of old Franks to Marshall dawned on me, I determined I would-clear up the muddle from end to end. I went to Franks and began to talk parochialism to him, and suddenly I hit him on the knee. ' 'I know all about it, Franks, my man,' I said. ' Own up !' He knew me pretty well, and he looked at me for half a minute over those old glasses of his. ' I won't tell a soul in Sassexville,' I said. ' I promise on my honor. But how the deuce did you get out of Marshall's kitchen and him in V I suppose he saw the twinkle in my eye. u ' He was in the little tool shed hard by the water butt, Muster Wendover,' he said, ' an' his boots took off an' put under the currant bushes as tidy as cud be. Couldn't wake him nohow. And the snow a-fallin' — it wuzu't common charity not to leave en theer.' ' ' You see V said Wendover. I saw only too plainly. ' They carried home old Franks, thinking it was Mar ehall ? ' ' While Marshall was swearing and cursing his way home by the footpath over the hill.' ' And when Marshall did get home ? ' ' Mrs. Marshall, firm in her faith that he was already safely, if swinishly, deposited in the kitchen, let him hammer and swear at his own sweat will, pitting it down to Apps, and pulling the clothss over her head to deaden the sounds.' ' Unhappy Marshall,' I eaid. ' Still more unhappy investigator,' said the curate, tauntingly. ' Franks, when he came to in the Bmall hours,' he added, ' thought at first that he was in heaven — it Bhows what a con science void of offence will do for you — his last thought before losing consciousness having been that he was dying (such being the effect of the cheaper epirits at the ' Seven ThorcB*), and his first on resuming consciousness was that he was dead. Tho moonlight was shining in through the fro3ty window, and it was cold, and spa cious and clean, as he bad been led to ex pect heaven would be. And close to hand, as he fumbled about, were sausages and a mince pie, ' Old Franks showed the usual Sussex lifceralness. * My feyther's 'ouse 'eth many mansions, say I, and I'm darned if I ain't in a darn good un, says I,' was the way old Franks expressed it. It was only when he'd felt about and got the back door open, with the idea of ' findin' the rest of 'en,' and came upon Marshall, that his muddled brain began to grasp the realities of the case. He recognised the outside of the house, of course, better than the in. The rest you infer.' ' Humph 1' I said, trying to find a flaw in bis explanation. It was atrociously ex asperating, after I'd published that report, and just when the Society was rraking so much of me. He sat watching my con flict', so far as my face revealed it. ' Dop pelgangers !' he remarked, unendurably. I rose from my seat. I caught his hat and flang it violently across the room, among the spirit photographs. Possibly I said this and that. I pitched tho planchette board into the fireplace, and then I attacked the available sheets of the report on crystal-gazing that lay upon my desk. When I had torn and crumpled several very violently, I was abruptly calmed. I turned and found the curate had his pipe out. 'Have you a match, old cb.8p?' he said, with the utmost tranquillity. I felt .in my pockets, and then handed him the matches from the mantel. Then, sitting down in the armchair by the fire, I took a pipe from the rack and followed his example. A Boon to Sufferek|, — A well-known stock dealer and storekeeper announces that, if written to confidentially, he will reply and. atate the plan he pursue'^; by whic% ho ,*£i$a restored to healtif1J:h,d vigpr.jif ter ye^rs '??0 S|ff e$|jg iff pm Nervb'ua^jnd ^ttysftjnl Weakness, j^osdVof M£n^. hood, &(j'^lhe jjtecit of fo^jy nnjjjr earfe errj&v; He wri^QB :— ^|ia\f,|'no scf jeme icj'^6ii:;--i8f|^y f ro^wiy^o^^'O^foever. ||l wf£rvictihM8ed||y qua6ks and empirics until I^loBt faith in mtfti kind ; but, thnnk heaven, I |im now well, vigor ous, and strong, and anxious^o make this certain means of cure known to al\M Having nothing to sell, I want no money.' Address— J. El__AN, Storekeeper, Daveystonj 8.A, 