INTERVIEWETTES. No 7. THE STAGE — THEN AND NOW. WYBERT REEVE. " When I first joined the profession," s&id; Mr. Reeve, as he sat in his study at his picturesque home, Avon, Marry atville, " stock companies were the rule all over England. There were several circuits, the Bath and Bristol, the Roxby, and the minor circuit owned by Robertson, father of Mrs. Kendal, the Matron of the Drama. The first introduction of travelling companies, as far as I remember, was in connection with ( Caste,' which jhad been such a success in London that Mrs. (now Lady) Bancroft and Robert son, the author, thought it would be a good thing to rehearse a fresh company and send the play round the provinces. The first theatre they came to was one belonging to me in the north of Eng land. They opened to a very small house—,£12—and finished to a crowded one. Other travelling provincial com panies were started, and ever since there have been few stock companies in E agland, the theatres being entirely supported by travelling organisations. In former times every theatre had to be closed for 4, 5, or 6 months of the year for want of attractions; now, with few exceptions, they are opened all the year round." " In the old days an actor or actress had to be up in all the principal parts, and if called on at two or three days' notice was expected to be able to take up a certain part. That is to say, a young man after he had been two or three years on the stage, if sufficiently capable, would be studied in all the leading juvenile Shakespearian parts, also in all the old comedies such as 1 School for Scandal.' There were no long runs in those times. Long runs give no opportunity to actors or actresses to learn their profession. They are selected because of their suitability for certain characters, and no consideration is given to their having learnt their profession. As a rule they know nothing of Shakespeare or any of the legitimate parts, and require weeks of study and many rehearsals for a new characterisation. Another reason for the present inefficiency of many people, even on the London stage, is that the parts are written out for them, and they have no opportunity of studying the piece for themselves excepting at rehearsals. In the olden time every actor or actress had to write his or her part out from the book; no parts were found." " Stage accessories 1 When T first went on the stage in a theatre on the Bath and Bristol circuit, which was looked upon as the stepping-stone to London, I have known some paste bDard goblets, a pasteboard boar's head, and two or three shillings' worth of apples to represent a magni ficent banquet. A few chairs and tables on the stage represented a furnished room. In some of the smaller towns it was necessary for the actor to double parts. In my early experiences I frequently doubled the Ghost and Laertes in * Hamlet,' and on one occasion played Malcolm and Banquo, and then as Banquo's murderer came on in the banquet scene and told how I had murdered myself! In the Theatre Royal, Man chester, I recollect the rival armies of Richard the Third and Richmond being represented by a dozen supers. The press notified the fact, and when I called the attention of Knowles, then proprietor of the theatre, to the com ment he exclaimed, ' Twelve supers ! Good God ! What extravagance !' In justice to the theatre I must say th^t the company was & very large one, and at its head was poor Walter Mont gomery Charles Calvert, acknow ledged to be one of the finest of Shakespearian scholars, following in the footsteps of Macready, and Charles Kean produced his plays magnificently, and Sir Henry Irving has much to thank Calvert for in respect of his present productions." "The extraordinary runs of pieces nowadays have completely revolu tionised the stage. Joseph Jefferson, who has played the part of Rip Van Winkle thousands of times, told me that the people would not recognise him in any other character. Take my own case with Fosco. I played the part for over 2,000 nights, and for several years played little eke, and I was told in America that if I re mained there I would need no other part for many years to come. As I had . entered into partnership with Boucicault in respect to 4 The Shaugh ran,' my return to England was neces sitated, and I had to decline the American offer." " Costumes ? In the early portion of my career costumes were little attended to. Dresses were worn with out the slightest consideration to their appropriateness. I have seen in 4 The School for Scandal' half the per formers in modern clothes and the other half in George the Third dresses. In 4 Macbeth' a few old kilts and tab jackets for some of the performers were thought to be sufficient; the other performers were dressed accord ing to the wardrobe. In this I am speaking more of provincial theatres. In London Macready was the first manager who took pains with the dressing of his characters, and he was greatly assisted by a well-known archaeologist and writer of some of the most refined burlesques ever penned for the stage, Planch^. I was once cast for the part of Iago in the Theatre Royal, Bath, and applied to the wardrobe mistress for the dress. She showed me one—a sort of first robber, penny plain and twopence colored, the waist just under the arm pits, and a hat with a fun real pile of feathers. This was Iago's dress as worn by Elliston !' 44 Nowadays the very greatest care is taken in connection with costumes, and all kinds of authorities are con sulted. The scenery also is a matter of considerable study, and there are two or three artist9 in Australia who earn their thousand pounds a year. Even at a later date than that of which I have been speaking I have seen in a theatre like the Comedie Francaise a table and two chairs represent a furnished room. When Sara Bernhardt played in this city in my desire to place the pieces well on the stage I had in the theatre over ,£600 worth of furniture, and paid a large sum for the hire of it. The Stage Manager and Madame Bernhardt refused to use it>, and were perfectly content for all their pieces with one set of furniture. The same with regard to scenery. They preferred to use what we term one closed cbamb tr, and all that we provided for them was put aside. The paper's called attention to this, and I, as usual, received the opprobrium. Madame Bernhardt's commentary was, 4 Ah, mon Dieu ! They want to see furniture in this city, not acting,' to which I had some difficulty in making a reply. My opinion is that the present condi ion of things cannot continue. The expenses are so vast that managers will be lauded in bankruptcy if audiences are not less exacting in their demands for amusements. I don't think we shall ever return to the stock company days, but I fancy plays will be written wherein the mind is appealed to rather than the eye. Audiences finding that they cannot get their 44 Matsas,' Djin Djins,' or 4 Prisoners of Zend*' produced on a scale of magnificence will have to be content with less expensive pro ductions." 44 Of all unthankful positions, espe cially in only a moderate-sized town, is that of a resident manager. There are two things that every man thinks he can do—run a newspaper and manage a theatre, and probably there are not more difficult thiogs in the whole range of human experience. A manager's honest and hard endeavors to please the public are very seldom appreciated. Whatever errors he may commit are at once seized upon, but his good efforts are seldom re cognised. I can only repeat the opinion of Mr. Williamson and others who thoroughly understand manage ment that the Adelaide theatre is about the most unthankful and diffi cult to manage in all Australia. The reasons are that there is only a limited number of theatregoers, that successful pieces will not run more than a week or two weeks at the out side, that there is a constant craving for a succession of novelties, and that there is a demand that pieces shall be represented here as they are in larger place?, where there is a run of nine, ten, or even more weeks. It has been suggested to me that I should produce a pantomime. It may be well understood how absurd such an idea would be unless I could induce Williamson or Coppin, or someone who had produced a pantomime in the adjoining colonies to bring it over (which they have constantly refused to do) because it would mean an out lay of from £1,000 to £1,500 even on a moderate scale, and the greatest return I could look for would be twelve nights' run. A manager in Adelaide has to be entirely dependent on the inducements he can offer other managers like Williamson & Musgrove, Bland Holt, and Brough to come here. Tn coming they are put to very large cost, the scenery alone often weighing something like 100 tons. A failure means the loss of a very large sum of money even with a moderate pro duction. Managers naturally hesitate to come unless I can give them good terms and dates; These facts should certainly show any sensible person the difficulty there is in keeping the doors of the theatre open from month to month." 