THE INN OF SAN JACINTO. Br Zoe Dana UNDEiiuir.r.. . You ask me if I liolievo in ghosts. . Of courso I do. I belicvo in them because I have felt one. It was in a ruin, too, the correct place for ghosts ; but not exactly in the right kind of ruiu, fur there was nothing imposing or weird about it ; it was a dusty, tumble down adobe shanty in New Mexico. Tin vnn rnmpmliar PTarur VaUnm-tnhaf promiao lie gave as a young artist, and how ha never came to anything? Ho and I were great chums at .the art school, and afterwards we fell into the way of going on sketching tours to gether. He was a nice fellow, quick tempered, hut' very good hatured too,, and it would have been hard to find, 'a jollier companion. I wa delighted one autumn when he proposed wo should make a little western exenreion to gether 5 he wanted to get some of tho atmo spheric effecti on the high plains. "We started in September, bought . ourselves a couple of broncos when we reached the country we wanted, and started off on the trail which ran near the railroad, AVc had splendid weather, took aU the time we wanted, and got a lot of first . rate things ; hut Feltcrs was looking forward all the time to stopping at. a little Mexican village— San Jacinto, the name was — which lay some distanco off the main trail, but which be had heard., was the rarest place. A friend of his lmd beon there a couple of years before, but had only been able to stay a day or so. He reported a tolerable inn, and wc planned to stop for several weeks, making excursions into the surrounding country, and getting what we were particularly anxious for — aomo char acter sketches of the natives. .We bad tho plcasautest anticipations of our time there. The day before we expected to reaoh San Jacinto we struck off on to a side trail across the hills. Wo learned afterwards that there was more danger in undertaking this lonely journey than we had any idea of at the time, but we camo to no harm. Wo slept out that night, and late tho next afternoon we camo in sight of the village, perched half war up a long sloping mesa. Wo reached it as tho sun was setting. Tlicro was but a single street running between low adobe huts, but, to'our surprise, this street was thronged with Mexicans and Indiana in holiday costume— fierce, agile look ing fellows in "thumping hats, and slim girls with mantillas over their heads. We mustered our slender stock of Spanish, and inquired of tlio first group wo met the reason of the crowd. Wc found somo local fair was in progress, and it was not only the inhabi tants of Sau Jacinto we beheld, but of all the settlements for fifty miles around. Harry, in the seventh heaven of delight, was gaping at all the wriukled old men and dark-eyed girls in their picturesque array, but I was hungry, and not willing to waste time on the picturesque just then, bo I hauled him along, protesting and turning round all the time, towards what had been poiutod out to us as the inn we were in search of. It stood quite at tho other end of the street, nud looked bigger and moro impos ing than the rest of the houses, being newly painted a fino brick color. "Here wc are at last, and a good thing top," said I, as the owner of the house camo bustling out to receive us. He hurried us into a long, crowded room, and Ect a couple of cooling drinks before us in enormous glasses before we had time to speak, chattering all the time with great civility. Hut as soon as wc began to talk of rooms he sang a different tunc. 'Ah, senors, he cried, hi a dospairing tone, "that is an impossibility, quite an impossi bility. Every inch of room in tho house is taken -ris crowded, I may say. As soon as they are done driuking and singing wc put mattresses down on tho Moor of the entiug room here, and I will try iny.bcat to find a corner for a mat- tresB f or tho two noble gentlemen. Mattresses ia plenty I have; but- no place to spread, them, unfortunately." :i"Wcil»':trbll;".broko.in Harry, "it isn't mat tresses -wo want. It's a room to 'ourselves to sleep -in. Surely we can find something at some of tho neighbors. Wo won't grumble if it's a little one. \- But tho landlord shook bis head. "No, no," he -reiterated ; " there isn't an empty space anywhere in tho village big enough to hold n canary bird. Every house is full." ; . "But you must have somo little corner or cupboard-you could put um iti. Your own' room, for instance. If wo pay you well, couldn't you move out of that for a night or two, just till thiB fair is over 1 " . The man shrugged his shoulders. "I haven't slept 'in my own room for three ."nights. Seven 'women' hare' it," be said. "I take one of the benches down here." ... " Very well,'' cricd .Harry, who was getting but ''of temper; then wo will simply go on without stopping. . y?o" meant to spend several weeks bore, but of course if you haven't accom modation—— And he turned and picked np his saddle bags from tho bench where lio had flung them. . ! ; "Oh, come now, Harry," said I, "wo don't want to leave the moment wo get hero. For a few nights we: can certainly stand it, and then it will quiet down again." " Yes,; yes," oried- tho landlord, evidently much impressed to hear of the long stay we havd intended, and anxious to detain us if promises would do it' 5 "phj-yos, yes 1 'By the end of. the Ayeek; tlm fair, isver,: and then you can have splendid rooms— as many rooms as you like," ; ' \i'Bu..:Voi-)moWj-'-'Harr3. was always 'a pjg headed fellow. : Ho litirklnrl Me f.iwlif. .. "Nor" eaid lis ; "I'm not going to sleep in any- such mess as thiB.If we can't have rooms to ourselves;; wo' go on to-night. . .That's aU about it." ' The landlord wrung his hands. Ah, " ho cried, . " what a slimne 1 what a shame ! To have the gcntlomondcave. my. house 1" Then I saw a siy gleam.come into his eye. "Ali,"he.eried, "I have it! I.havo it! If the gentlemen would only be sath-flcd. Bo you niind, perhaps, if you sleep in a very old room? Ob, very, very old 1" V No, no !" wo interposed, in a breath. . "But it is \cr3- old,' he went on, looking at us narrowly, " and there is but one room for the two." ."That is nothing," we cried. . ""We won't mind that in the least, as long as we don't havo to sleep on the floor with strangers." 'i And even there," he went on, "I fear yon would havo to oooupy the same 'bed-; there is but one bedstead in the room. To be sure," ho said, reflectively, "one of vou might have a mattress on: ilie floor even tfiere, but it would be very cold, I fear. The floor is of stone, and the, dampness' — r" "Oh, .never mind," wo interrupted ; "for three or four nights it won't/matter, as long as we can havo the room to ourselves. "Certainly, certainly," ho reiterated, -'"to yourselves. I should-not think of putting any one olsc in the room of tho two noble gentle men. Sit down, sit down, and make yourselves easy. I will send my. niece to mnks ready for you.. You miiBt not expect too much, gentle men. It is in,. tlio. old part of the house that has gone to ruin a good deal ; thnt is why I never thought of it before. .But this one room is strongly built... It is safo enough ; you need bavb.nb fear of roof or walls. But it is dusty ; I must have it swept." And so talklug on, half to.himsolf and half to us, he fllled our glasses again, and got himself out of the room. Pre sently we: heard Jiis voice outside calling, " Julita I Julita I " anfl tHen-n long and rather vehement whispered conversation was carried on not far from tlio window. It was an hour or more, and we had finished our supper, before be returned to show us our apartment. We found it. was in a deserted building whose presence we had not even suspected from the front of tho UouBe. It- lay far to the back and qne side, and was, onr. host told us, the old originol inn, which hnd been built by his great uncle several timoB removed, and had fallen too much out of repair : to uso. But the room to -which he led us was still in tolerable preservation, a queer : old place, with walls and floor of rough stone, and lighted by a small grated window high up at one side. They hadcotinafew odd pieces of furniture for us, and a big four-post bedstead, which looked ns old ns - the room, was ' piled high with an enormous feather bed. . For tho bedstead our host npojjigised profusely. Not to be able to furnish us at least with separate sleeping ncoommodations weighed hoavilv on his spirits. But what could he do ? It was to be regarded as good fortune that the old bedstead had not long since been brought into the house: and given to earlier comers. Its age and weight were tho solo reasons it was still at our disposal. For tho feather bed he did not think it uecoasary to apologise, though that was certainly what seemed most formidable to us. However,: we wore pleased enough to got anything to our selves, and told him so. We went baok to the big hall, and sat there awhile smoking nud watching the queer collection of humanity it- held, but we wore both tired with our ride, and presently asked- the landlord for our candles. Ho brought thorn, one for each, and each with a littlo Sox of Swedish matches, besiilo it on tho- candle stick. But ho w113 n long time lighting tlicm, enuifed them out once or twice, and finally said! with a ourious air of gravity for no slight a speech : "Tho gentlemen Bee that our candles are not easy to light. Might I beg of them to lcavo tho night light hnrning in their chamber?" "Night light ?" criodHarry, brusquely. "Oh 110, we dou't want a night light. Tlioro is nothing the matter with those candles. It's only tlio clnmsy way you siiuflod them." And with tho word he drew a match from his pocket, lit it quickly, and in a moment had tho candle burning olearly. Tho landlord looked porturked. Soo 1 sec !" ho cried. " Once tho candle may light quickly, and another timo it may not. Tho littlo light will not disturb you. I beg the gentlemen will leave it burning. There will bo 110 extra charge — 110110 whatovor." And he looked at us anxiously. " Oh, uonsenso 1" said Harry, turning away with his candle. But tho landlord must havo thought I wns of a moro accommodating disposition, for now ho caught mo by tlio coat sleeve. "I beg, I beg," ho repeated ; and tired of bis persistence, I ausworcd carelessly, " Ob, all right ; I won't put it out," and left beforo he had timo to say anything more. But we were not yet free from importunities about our lights, for as we passed tbe kitchen bis fat old wife, who superintended the cooking for her husband's guests, waddled towards us. "Caudles! candles 1" sho panted. "Oh, they're no good. You'll blow tbcm out before you think twice. But look out not to disturb tho littlo night light J ulita sot up in tho niche. That'll giva you light enough to sco by all night." " Good Lord 1 what do wo wnnt'to see for? Tlio night's mude for Bleeping, " cried Harry, roughly, and dragged me through the kitchen like a whirlwind, while behind us wo still heard the wheezing voice of the old woman discours ing on tho insulflciency of candles and the superior advantages of Junta's oil taper. . Wc had not done with the advocates of the night light even yet. As wo made our way. through tho dusty passage, stumbling over the broken slab of stone which fdrined its fioor, we oncountcred Julita herself, pale and tremb ling, and regarding witb auxiouB fear the lantern which sho held in.hcr hapd. She jumped aside with a scream when she caught . sight of us, then laid her hand on her heart with a "look of relief. -. "Ok, blessed saints,. it is the gentlemen 1" she exclaimed. "I have just been to look after tho light in your room myaeSf." : Slio spoke as ono conscious of baring bestowed an in estimable favor. " It la burning brightly. . The litMo oil lamp is high ..tip; in the niche of the wall ; nothing can pverturn jk -The oil is. of the best.- 'It will bum all flight-" ".0h;.e6mo I" ; cried 'Harry,' who by this time had entiroly' lost' bis "temper. "Who wants your infernal lamp ? For heaven's sake, let us kaVe a little peace and. darkness." " AU, no, no 1" cried the girl,' recoilirig as if ho had struck : her — "not darkness I The gracious gentleman ' did not think of what he was sayingi- Oh, sir," laying her hand oh my arm as Harry pushed.'angrily past her, "you surely would not piit out the light ? You will surely let it burn all night V and she looked at mo ub desperately as if she wcro imploring mis not toeut my tliroat. Her eyes were full of tears. I felt sorry for such distress, even while I : was : annoyed by these continuous appeals from a singularly1 light loving populace, and answered hastily, \ .' "Oh," certainly, ' certainly, ; my good girl." Slipping past her; I contrived to get into the room and shut tiie door before she .could opcak again. v " V r ; " 1 Harry camempanu lockeil it. k ; " Confound;' them!" ho said ;."wbat is the matter with tbem all ? We have matches;- 1 hope,. Why. bhould they, take such a particu larly. fervent interest in; our lamp ?" and " he laid liis mutch box on the chair at the head of the ponderous bedstead, : batiks - the caudle which lie had just extinguished. . - - - Thou he reached up and blew out the little finmd in the niche above our heads. .' "There !" said he, "I hopetknt's done with for to-night, anvwav." ' . . : " Oh; Harry," I remonstrated, "I told tho girl I wouldnjt put it out." : : "Well, vou haven't have you?' ho rejoined, roughly.; ."Now, you'd better nos tals any more of that intolerable nonsense, or I shall get into a temper. . Put oiit your own light when you're ready to go to sloop/ and that's the end of it, I'm tired to death." ' . - ' It wasn't five, minutes before.hc had tumbled into tlio wide bed, nor five minutes - more before lie wns asleep. . 1 felt wakeful, and "made ray preparation in a . moro leisurely way, but pre sently I too stretched out my weiiiy limbs on the soft feathers. Tho little window with its iron bars stood diagonally across from -the.foot of the bed, and as T blew out my candle anil sank back on the pillow my eyes fell 011 tlie dim gray square. I seemed to seo somo vogue black form pass between me and it. My heart gave a sudden throb, and I started to raise myeclf ; but before I bad doiie so I felt , in the darkness sometliing fly at my throat , My hands went up 'instinctively, and grasped the .'thick oold fingora which were clutching mo so tightly that it was impossible to. brcatlio; : Tlio ;torror of death fell upon mo, and with all my strengtlhl tore at the invisible bands which were squeezing my lifo; out, but I could no more . move, them tlian I could have moved the solid rook. I was powerless to make a Bound. I sot my bead and shoulders against the hulk - whisli pressed upon me and tried.to push it back; but vainly, though in my agony I .writhed and twisted like n snajtc. ; , I felt that I was growing faint, mv head rang; and my senses 1 were laltcrmg, ' when in my convulsive inovomeuta my. foot touched Harry's warm and sleeping body. I gathered myself together and struck .out with all tlio strength I had left. I felt him roll ovor, and thou that he was sitting up in bod. It was liko heaven to khow.ho was besidd , mo and roused, but oven then I thought to myself there was little chance of hie coming to my rescuo in timo. "; . . Harry called to mo onco or twice, and then I felt his hand laid on my heaving shoulder. Tho next moment I heard him jump out of bed, and it seemed not a second before the flare of a candle lit up the room. The pressure was gone from my throat. I drew in the air again and yet again, but was still too exhausted and bo- wildered to know anything but that tho struggle was over, and I was onco more drawing tho blessed breath of llfo. -"Good gracious! What's the matter with you ?" I heard Harry eay ; hut I onlv moaned. "Hare, wake up 1 ' he cried, and shook me by the shoulder. I lilted myself 011 ono elbow, and looked around with u shudder. Tliore was nothing in sight but Hurry, who wns looking at mo sharply. I put my band to my throat; it was bruit od and sore to the touch. "Ob. Harry," I panted, "something awful has happened 1" 7 " Something awful !" he repeated. "You've lmd an 'awful nightmare, that's what's the matter— and you aren't awake yet, either. Shako yourself togethor, man, can't you ! You look as if you'd seen a ghost. I declare your byes arc all bloodshot. Oh, nonsense 1" as I slipped hack on tho pillow, with a sigh. " Come, brnco up, end havo a little stylo about you." "Oil, Harry," I reiterated, "there lias been some-thing awful. It's no nightmare. I wasn't asleep, Tito minute the light was out soma one- s—wniuii— 1111 A -ii mill a something— came at mv tln-nTr 1 wSKlfkiSfS Was I tbunk mo for anything mowti.' I up-nnd that isn't half doue yet."" '"s J'»0 1 ® awake cnouirli i '» t !. , I be eairttLutTfc" tfl«ebto I spokoio I lahle terrer ; " leVu'buraLHt """i''01' f night lamp, won't you? I\'e hzS7„ e' lllll« I 1 m afraid to bo left in the dark Mcb » !t"e I " wo'll keef'tho proS to 1,!/ 1 the night, anyway. 1 sum- u te,to'l uneasy conscienco wouldn't let 'vou reiT' J<W I In a few moments mora hewajamL fl asleep beside me, but mv W S easily quieted. A huudreil bnf "ere »»' » I mado me start up to peer into '"1-? Iloi, 1 ners of the rooiS, J' ,p at 1 square of tho window; and St U,. WI quiver of the tiny flame buniine in - , 1 my heart jumped. I lay awake ti Ut. 5'th' came in at tho grated cM»in,ti nb,'l asleep, utterly worn out ' Harry was moving About the room fl a song, when I woke. Tho bSA shining through tho bars of the irindL in! I ashamed of myself, and when r. e"fl eyo ho broke into a roar of laughter. ?fl I Bfty," ho shoutsd "T ilnn. i fll managed to pluck up a littlo' enirit tS?/U " 9 ng. I never saw aP man sclre j so b ££ 8 life. For heavon's sake, tell us what vm, f fl dreammg about A whole menagerie XhI , How's your neck this monifns'" ,u?i fl WC.'. w „ " a l»c"' laughter. ' 8 i i '8'1 you like," said I "a „,fl awful. I can't imagine how I came to get i Ji such a state. Good heavens! I carftK think of- it even now." I mu.Cil n monnni i as the_ memory of the night's gralv nh.l'Jle camo back clsarly «„ intolerobffiri f»| went throngh me. " Besides," I went vfl brufaol" SOr Stl11- 1 bBlievo ever, saw ! You'ro all black and blue I H,fl did you do it?" " 'f flat's raore than I know," saidl, "nnlenfl . tliat eamcnt me Inst night did it "9 And then I told him crerv detail of mr'fl curious experience of tho night. As I toll itjH ray own faith in its reality giew, and I could 9 see that he was impressed with the esmefwl-B rag ; but when I came to the ond he shook bim-fl self, soomed to gather hin routed forcei acifl gave ah incredulous laugh again. B "Well," ho sniil, looking down st ma horn fl his great height— " well, that certaiulvis afl queer story. And you think all that could -il ph with me asleep right beside vou and me notB know it? Eli? Oh, nonsense! You hid uB nightmare, of course, and that's what madofl you kick out so. Mr shins are as b!ack oudS oluo as your neck." B \- : " Yes, and wimt made my neck bhtkaadB blue ?" I broke ill. " Do you suppose rou IrndB tho nightmare, too, and were trviug to luistB it?" . v " No, no 1 Of courso not," eaid he. "VouB must have twisted your own lingers nrouad itiaH your sleep Bomehow. That isn't so unlikely ul that a nhantoin tried to throtflo vmt " Ansbsl gave nncw a boisterous laugh. jH There was no uso in nrguing with him; luijH besides I had no tennblo giound for argUuxuiSB I could not bring myeeli to believe in his nation; hut still less could 1, in the lull li;ktU of reason and glare of dny, believe in the uu-H seen too who hail rnaui: the darkness of night horrible. With an clfort I succeeded in dhjH missiiig the whole thing from my mind, dressed to; join Harry in the sketching cxcur.-icsl whioh-we had planned the dnrbiioro. duliiilH was in tlie passage as wo went through tobrnkH :fnst. She did not seem busy about invthingiH and by her. attitude I judged she hud IsenH watching our door. At any rate, a3 wo opiuoflH it her face was pale and troubled, butamumenSH later' broke into smiles as uhe saw us emerge from the room. The landlord, tooH greeted us with fervor, and served us an recdeflH lent breakfast, which his fat wife came k -4B watch us eat. Indeed, everyone about the inraH seemed to tako an interest in us, and guiliCrcdHB in the doorways to look at us. This wo uiniH huted . to the fact that we werf, in » w>IH foreigners ; and they wcro all so good-tinliua®| about it, breaking out into tmiles unu sions of satisfaction whenever we lowed juaB way, that we did not mind.— IhrjiTi zinc. : M (To be continued.) 