THE MYSTERIIS OCTAGON HOE A Tat.t: of HanEiiosts, Huhan ■ axd OriinvisE. About tbree yearsjo I lived at a place called Elmhurst, acr[ the bay, andsome of the children of uiEamily had visited -.3 ttJ street^■•■which' was an old nlace on Hi reputed to be a h: ited house. They repeated a wonder heard of a murde Englishman, who, i tale they had committed by an as said, had come there iD early days ; 1 built the house. The atory'in regard was in the habit of f ring long hunting trips, and on return! found his wife with company. This mac shot her, threw b clothes-chute iuto away This story a to such a degree that to visit the place, ) him was that he from one of them house full of gay him angry, and he body down the cellar, and ran used my curiosity had a great desire bieb X saw every day as I passed or the San Leandro electric road, and thouoro I looked the more I wondered whr basis there might be for the tale. Soon afterward an article in a news paper, headed "Drining Blood," gave another version otthe ragedy, which was as follows : It stated t at the Englishman who resided in this huse was a hunter who often went hnnti g for loug poriods, and wouid then refern unexpectedly. Once, upon his returiifrom one of these trips, he found his wfe absent, and ho concluded that she had gone visiting. After a few days' watrug for her return, he found thatthewati'rthat hewus using, which came from acstcrn at the back of the bouse, tasted bud, and upon examina tion he found the body of his wife floating in the cistern. She had beeu murdered during his absence aud her body thrown into the water. These two stories made a great impres sion on my mind, and I often wondered, as I passed tho house in the ears, what was the truth of the matter, and whether it was possible, as had been said, that the tragedv was often re- enacted on the premises. "As it was the only haunted house that I had ever seen, I tvished very much to know if such things Avere true— if ghosts did walk again and re-enact their tragedies. Day after day, as T passed, this took possession of my mind, and my sympathies rvere aroused for tho poor Avoman who had been so cruelly aud mysteriously murdered. So I determined some day to visit the pre mises aud, if it Avere possible, see the tragedy re-enacted. "Whether this Avish had anvthing to do Avith \%'hat folloAved, I do not knoAA'. A few weeks after, at about two o'claok of a bright and beautiful day, I visited the premises in company Avith my mother and tAVO nephew3, one a, boy fourloen years of age, the other six years old. We found tlic house in a very dilapidated condition. It was located on a rise of ground sloping in every direc tion—iu fact, a small hill. The house AA'as of octagonal shape, and built of cement aud plastered on the outside. A short time before, a storm had nearly de molished one side of it, aud the debris was lying so high that we could scarcely got into tho house. Tho frent steps were entirely gone, with only a couple of posts to mark the foot of Avliat had doubtless been a high staircase, as there av.us an English basement underneath the first story. Mv mother declined to enter. She Avaited with my younper nephew, seated on these posts, Avhile my older nephew and I entered by tho basement at the back of the house. There Avas not a AA-indoAV in place nor a door on its hinges, AA'ith the exception of the kitchen door— nothing but the floors and the Avails. All the other doors Avere lying on the floors. The roof on one side had fallen so that it nearly touched the chamber floor. The hall in the centre of the bruise Avas circular, and winding stairs Avent all the Avay up info the cupola, so that one could staud on the parlor floor and look right up into the cupola and see every thing in this open space. The hall being circular, the rooms were arranged, in such manner that one could stand in tho centre of it aud see every room of tho floor upon Avhich he stood. We counted some tAA'enty rooms. The winding stairs AVern in a Avretched condition. The supports Avere gone, the balustrade was missing, and the steps were hanging to the side of tho hall, so that it was unsafe to go up. My nephew Avished to go up, hut I forbade him. But Avhile my back was turned, ho slipped up stairs, and Avhen I found that he had ascended, I told him to go all over the floor, and see what Avas there. He reported that there A\\-as nothing but rub •bisli, and that portions of the Avails Avere falling off upon the floor. Just at that moment, I stood at the bottom of tbe stairs, Avaiting to give my band to assist him to descend, being afraid that tho stairs Avould give Avav, Avhen my mother, from the outside, called out very excitedly: " Daughter, come out of that house " I lookott out of the Avindow and suav that she appeared very much frightened, and that the little boy had jumped down from his seat and run to her, and was hidiug himself behind her. I knew some thing had happeued, but as iiiy attention Avas taken up with my fear for my nephew, avIio Avas descending the riclrotty stairs, I had not seen Avhat passed outside. I told my nephew- to hurry doivn, aud then started to descend the basement stairs, Avluch began almost at the foot of the Aviuding stairs, .the only place where 0110 could get into the house easily. When I reached 'the basement, 1 entered Avhat had been the kitchen. At the left of this was tho cellar, into Avhich it Avas said the Avife had bcenthroAvn after being murdered. There, standing quietly in tbe centre of the kitchen, Arasa typical Englishman, dressed m a hunting suit. He was about five feet ten inches tall, Avas a blonde Avith blue eyes, and his face was fuli and coA-ered with a beard of probably a couple of months' groAvth. He looked to be about thirty-two or thirty-three years old. By his side avsis a little dog, and in his left hand Avas a single-barrelled, old fashioned gun. I knOAV then that the sight of this man with a gnn must have been the cause of my mother's fright, and I thought that he Avould conclude that I was frightened also, so I stepped to the door and said : " How do you do, sir ? " My neplieAV did the same, and we passed right by him into Avhat had been the dining-room of the house. But ho never inoA'ed, never spoke, never pven smiled. When Ave Avent in there, "my mother motioned mo from outside,' aud I nodded to her to show that I under stood, but Avondered Avhy the man remained there instead of Avalking about the premises. When I looked again, he had turned his head to the left, looking right at me. I turned aAvay and looked about the room for some moments, when iny nepheAV said, " Let's go, auntie." My mother also urged mo from the outside to go home, so I went to the door, and when I reached it, I said, " This seems to be a very queer old place," but the man made no reply. " Well," I said, " if you are hunting, I don't think you Avill find any game here." He still remained silent, and took no' notice of us Avliatovcr. Then, as I av.is anxious to have him speak, I thought I Avould be sociable, and ven tared: "Could you tell me to whom this house belongs?" He looked intently at ine all the time, yet he made no ansAver, hut stood still in the same position. - 1 I became disgusted, anl my nephew Avantcd to go. As I Avent out, I turned and said: "Well, if I Avere a man, I would be gentleman enough to answer a lady when she addressed me. I hope my nephew will never act like that." "1 should hope not," said my nephew. Still the man did not answer me. The little dog beside him seemed just as un sociable as his master and'did not nioA'e. "I declare, Avhat aipretty dog!" I said", and approached to fbucli it, when j something made me afraid) that it ivould • bito me, add so I did not du it. 1 v' ! At this, time my 'mother was; at the | corner of the house, where lay a tree that j had been bloAvn down.. I began helping ' her: to pick up some cones which lay upon the ground, ana as I glanced to ward the" basement window, I saw the man, with his head turned to the right, stand ing in exactly .the same position, looking at me through the windorv. I remarked to. iny mother that tho man acted very strangely. Well, I.doii't want to have any thing to do with him,'' she said ; " I am afraid of him." The place where she had waited for me on the outside was so situated that no one could approach without being seen, j as it was on a rise of ground. However,' she had not notioed his approach until he I was right in front of her. He passed by | her without a word and went around the [ corner of the house, and it was that which frightened her and caused her to call to me. "When we had finished picking 'up the cones, we walked hack along tho little path that led from the driveway by which we had entered tho grounds, and just as we reached the driveway, a gun went off in the house. I looked at the kitchen window a second titae, but could not see the hunter. Then ws heard a terrible shriek, like the scream of a woman. It was a most heart-rending sound. lily mother and tho boj'S were greatly frightened and began to ciy, and for a few moments I was paralysed with fear. But I rallied my courage, and said to my mother : " That was the scream of a woman. "We must go hack and do some thing for hor if she has been shot." But she would not consent to it. Neither would the hoys, for tboy were afraid that I also would be 6bot. I concluded that the only thiug to do was to go to the nearest place and get help. I could not leave any one suffering lileo that. I called back two or three times, asking if they wanted help, but not a sound came baok We started toward the gate and had got a little distance down tho driveway, about the length of a block from the place, when for the first time I thought of the house being haunted. I did not think that tho hunter was a ghost, be cause he was so distinctly, visible. " This will never do," said I. to my mother. " I must go back and help save the woman's life. If you will remain here with the little hoy," wc will go baok to the house." " No, no," she protested, " you will surely he shot." She was so greatly frightened that I said that I would go and get assistance, and as I turned to look towards tho house ' I saw thai it was literally alive ivith peeple ! No one could have entered that house without passing by us, and no one could have entered it except by the basement steps through the back door ; yet we had been tbero all the time. The three windows of the upper story were filled. There were a man aud a woman in one window, two men in the noxt, and a man and a woman iu another. The men were all in evening-dress of black broad cloth and wide, low-cut waistcoats, with tho old style wide shirt fronts, and the women were also iu evening dress, with red scarfs wrapped around their shoul ders. On the roof where I looked first were two mon, one on each side of the cupola facing toward Oakland, aud both of thorn were firiug off pistols in quick succession. There was very little smoke from them, and the sound they rnade was not very loud. That was the first time it entered my head that the tragedy was being re-enacted, which I j now fully believe to he the case. I know that the people who appeared there certainly were never in tho house, as we had gone all over it. They could not have got iuto the house without our seeing them, aud they could not, there fore, have been real people, although they looked perfectly natural to us. As all those people are there to help her," I said to my mother, " the woman who screamed doesn't need me," and I j began to think it was time to go. as we turned to go toward the road I saw a buggy at tho gate, with two men in it, and I thought I would go and speak to them. The men did not look about or at tho house, but remained perfectly still in the bnggy. I thought this very singular, and wont to the buggy to ask them if they hud heard the shot and if they would go and see if nuything had happened. They did not answer me, and my mother and nephews, who were not pleased at my speaking to^ these men, dragged me away. I left them sitting there in the same mute fashion. After a little, I looked back in the road, and (here was not a sign of the buggy about the premises. "Mother, where did the buggy go ?" I asked, in surprise. " Oh, I think they drove off," she auswercd. I did not see them drive off, aud could uot explain it. hut tho men aud buggy had disappeared. I was dumbfounded for an instant, aud wheu I looked again at tho house, there were no people to be seen—no men, no womoh, no sign of life whatever. Later, as we were sitting resting at a little station, waiting for the car that goes to Lanudry Farm, we saw a little girl about ten or twelve years of age going toward the house. . The ground where she wa3 walkiug was very thick with weeds aud grass, and instead of going up the hill by the driveway she walked in the open field. She moved rapidly—too rapidly, I thought, for any girl to have walked in that place. She could not havo walked over and up that rough ground so rapidly if she had been a human being. "We watched her until she got almost to the house. Wo could uot see her after that. This story was told mo one evening by the young lady who was a spectator of the affair. The time story of the circum stances that led up to the tragedy which had taken place in this house years before, was related to mo subsequeutly by an old resident of the neighborhood, and is j as follows : A very wealthy Englishman came out I to this State and built the octagonal j house, and married a young woman there. She was much younger than hel He used to go hunting ana fishing, and sometimes he would stay away a week at a time; The wife would often invite her friends there to keep her company, giving dances and parties in her husband's absence, and had got acquainted with a rather fast set. There was one man with whom she had become infatnatod. It happened that her husband returned while she was in the midst of one of these parties. He went iuto tho kitchen, and from his position there saw such conduct on the part of this man and his wife as aroused his jealousy and gave certainty to his suspicious. He raised his gun and | shot his wife dead, intending, some think, to shoot the man. But he did not do it, and the guests became frightened and ran | for the open windows and jumped out. Two men ran, up to tho cupola at the top of the house and fired into the air to attract attention, in order to summon help from Oakland. They all got away as quickly as possible. The Englishman ! threw his wife's body into the cistern and disappeared, ajid he has never been heard of since. A little girl who used to bring milk to the family discovered the body of the woman "floating in the cistern as she ! went upon her last errand there, carrying milk to the family. General Horaco Porter, who, has. just been appointed minister to France, tells a story of a passenger who was steering ship. The captain told him to steer for | u certain star and keep the, helm steady, and went downstairs to get a little "sleep. He had been snoozing comfortably for a couple of hours, when his new helmsman j came down to his bunk, aud woke him i up, saying, " Captain, give me another | star to steer by; I have passed that one." A meteor hurst over a "West. Virginia town .recently, and fragments of the stoned pierced the solid walls of dwellings, but didlittlei other hurm.' The explosion of tho fiery mass was preceded by a rumble aud a hissing sound, which could' bo heard for miles. '• ' 