TEAHISGIYfflft DAI. . ? ♦ eti^s HE following 'Form of Jm? Prayer with Thanksgiving Sara] to Almighty God, to be ^8) Bsed in Air Churches and v Chapels in England and j wales, and m tne Town 01 Berwick-upon-Tweed, upon Sunday, the 20th day of June, 1897,' has been is sued by authority, asfi printed by Messrs. Eyre and Spottiswoode, print ers to the -Queen's Most Excellent Majesty: — The Service shall be the same with the usual Office for Sundays in all things; except ?where it is in this Office otherwise ap pointed. Morning or Evening Prayer shall begin witii this Sentence. ^i EXHORT that first of all Supplications, Prayers, Intercessions, and giring of Thanks be ma.de for all men; for longs, and for all that ave ic authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty: for tais is good and acceptable unto God our Savior. — 1 Tim. ii. 1, 2, 3. Proper Psalms xx., ci., exxi. Proper Lessons. ? The First, Joshua i. to verse 10, or -Proverbs viil, to verse 17. The Second, Rom. xiii. to verse 11, or Rev. xxi. 22— xxii. 4. The Suffrages next after the Creed stall stand thus:— Friest: O Lord, shew Thy' mercy upon us. Answer: And grant us Thy salvation. Priest: O Lord, saye the Queen; Answer: Who putteth her trust in Thee. Priest: Send her help from Thy holy place. Answer: And evermore mightily defend her. . Friest: Let her enemies have no advantage Qf her. Answer: Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. Priest: Endue Thy ministers with righteous ness. Answer: And make Thy chosen people joyful Priest: O Lord, save Thy peeple. Answer: And bless Thine inheritance. Priest: Give peace, in our time, O Lord. Answer: Because there is none other thatfight etb. for us, but only Thou, O God. Priest: Be linto us, O Lord, a strong Tower. Aiiswer: From the face of our enemies. Priest: O'Lord, hear our p,rayer; Answer: And let our cry come unto -Thee. After the first Collect, at Mosning or Evening Prayer, shall be used the ? following Col- ! lect: - ! O GOD, which providest for Thy people by Tby ] poorer, and rulest over them in love, grant unto - Thy servant our Queen ..tlie spirit of wisdom and ' government that, being- devoted unto Thee with ; a',1 her heart, she may so wisely govern this Mngr dom tbat in her time the Church-may be in safety and Christian devotion may continue in peace; that so, persevering In good works unto the. end, she may by Thy -guidance come to Thine- everlast- j ing Kingdom, through Jesus Christ Thy S6n our ! Lord, 'Who liveth and reigneth with Thee and i the Hojy Ghost ever one God, world without end. Amen. -. If the 'Litany be sung . or said, these Prayers shall follow immediately- after the Prayer 'We humbly beseech- Thee;' and if the Li tany be not sung or said, then these Pray ers shall be said instead of tne Prayers for the Queen and for the Royal Family at Matins or Evensong. O LORD our God, Who upnoldest and govemest all things by the word of Thy power, receive our bumble prayers for. eur Sovereign Lady Victoria (as on this day) set over us by Thy grace and providence to be our Queen; and, together with her. bless, we beseech Thee, Albert Edward Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Royal Family; that they all, ever trusting in Thy good ness, protected by Thy pewer, aa-i crowned with. Thy gracious and endless favor, may continue be fore Thee in health, peace, joy, and honor,, and may live long and happy lives upon earth,* and a-fter death obtain everlasting life and glory by the merits and mediation of Christ Jesus our Savior, Who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen. almighty uod, Who rulest over all the king- . doms of the world, . and disposest of them ac- ' cording to Thy good pleasure; We yield Tfeee unfeigned thanks, for that Thou wast pleased (as on this day) to place Thy Servant our Sovereign Lady, Queen Victoria, upon the Throne of this Realm. Let Thy wisdom be her guide, and let Thine arm strengthen her; let justice, truth, and holiness, let peace and love, flourish In her days. Direct all her counsels and endeavors to Thy .glory, and the welfare of her people; and give us grace to obey her cheerfully for conscience sake. Let her always possess the hearts of her people; let her reign be long and prosperous, and crown her with immortality in the life to come; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. A Prayer for Unity.. O GOD the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, our only Savior, the Prioce of Peace; GHe us grace seriously to lay to heart the great dangers we are in by our unhappy divisions. Take away all hatred and prejudice, and whatsoever else may hinder us from~Godly Union and Concord; that, as fiiere is but one Body, and one Spirit, and one hope of our Calling, one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism, one God and Father of us all, so w,e may henceforth be all of one heart, and of one soul, united in one Holy Bond of Truth and Peace, of Faith and Charity, and may with one mind and one moutb glorify Thee; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. In tlie Communion Service, Instead of the Col lect for the Queen, the Collect, 'O God, which provfilest,' shall be said after the Collect for the day. Tne Erfstl.e. l St. Peter 11., 11. DEARLY beloved, I beseech you as strangers asd pilgrims, abstain from fiesbjy Justs, which war against the soul; having your conversation honest among the Gentiles: that whereas they speak againsi you as evildoers, they may, by your goed works which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation. Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake; whe ther it be to the King, as supreme; or unto gover nors, as unto them that are sent by him for the puaishment of evildoers, and for the praise of them that do well. For so is the will of God, that with ?well-doing ye may put to silence the ignorance cf foolish men; as free, and not using your liberty for a cloak of maliciousness, but as the servants of God. Honor all men. Love the brotherhood; Fear God. Honor the King. Tie GospeL St. Matth. xxii., 16. AND they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way. of God in truth, neither carest thqu for any man: for thou re gardest not the person of men. Tell us, there-, fore,' What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye n*e, ye hypocrites? Show me the tribute-money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he saith unto them. Whose is this image and superscrip tion? They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them. Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's. When they had heard these words they marvelled, and left him, and went their way. ? Thanksgiving to be said immediately after the General Thanksgiving. O LORD, our heavenly Father, we give Thee hearty thanks ior the many blessings which Thou hast bestowed upon us during the sixty years of the happy reign of our Gracious Queen Victoria. We ihjank Thee fer progress made in kaowledge of Thy marvellous works, for increase of comfort given to human life, for kindlier feeling between rich and poor, for wonderful' preaching of the Gospel; to many, nations, and we pray Thee that, these and all other Thy gifts may be long eon- ' tiaued to u's and to our Queen, to the glory of Tjly Holy name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen, 