Towono Sports.—Full particular* of a. sports meeting, to be held at To wong on Monday, £7th inst., under the auspices of the Towong Athletic Club, are given in our advertising columns. Messrs Lincoln, Stuart & Co.— This well-known firm of tailors anil outfitters, v hose premises were des troyed in the late disastrous fire in Melbourne, desire us to intimate to our readers that their business will be carried on as usual in temporary premises at ‘294 Flinders Street. All orders entrusted to them by post or otherwise will be as promptly attended to a3 heretofore. Cricket Match.—Our TalkuigaUa correspondent writes that a cricket match was played at Talgarno, on Saturday last, between teams repre senting Tallangalta and Talgarno, re sulting in a win for the latter. The scores were :—Tuilungatta, ail out for 56; Talgarno, live wickets for 109\. Thu collapse of TaUangatta was mainly due to the deadly bowling of Ellwood, who was responsible for the downfall of nine of the visitors. Cash Business.—Mr 0. Jones an nounces in our advertising columns that, from the 1st December, inst-., his butchering business at Corryong will be run on strictly cash lines. By quick returns he is enabled to sell at a smaller profit, and his advertised price list shows a considerable reduction on the rates previously charged by him. lie also announces that be is a cash purchaser of vegetables, fruit, and dairy produce. Corryong Race Club.—Very little interest is being taken in racing mat ters at Corryong. The meeting of the local race club called for last Satur day lapsed, only one or two members putting in an appearance. It is highly probable that the usual New Year’s j Day races will not take place. If so, j the Corryong Race Club may be I looked upon as dead, but an unwel- ! come ghost, in trie shape of a bank j overdraft and several unpaid bills, will j doubtless be forced into the notice of; the unfortunate members who “ stood ! Sam " by footing the “ joint and j several.” Thera is no use mincing j matters over it, and the members of j the club as a whole should 11 face the ; music,” and not allow the burden to i rest on two or three. That ail at- i tempts to git a meeting have so far j proved futile admits of no other inter pretation than that members are “ fighting shy ” of the whole tiling. We trust that this little hint will have the desired effect, for after ail the debt is a mere bagatelle, and with good management could be wiped out by the usual race meeting and by hold ing an entertainment at night. A Rising Vocalist.—Miss Mabel Martin, daughter of Mr T. Martin, of Bethanga, has achieved a decided hit in her first appearance in the Mel bourne Town Hall on Monday even ing, at the 187th concert of the Royal Metropolitan Licdcrtafel. The Argus thus refers to Miss Martin’s contribu tions : — “ Miss Mabel Martin, a promising young pupil of Mr Amies Beaumont, proved the possession of a crood soprano voice, that is being well trained, in her singing of the rscit and scenn, Softly Sighs, from Weber's Der Freschiitz. In the second part of the programme, Miss Martin was on cored after F. H. Cowen’s The Swal lows.” 'The Agr is equally compli mentary, remarking:—“Miss Mabel Marlin, the possessor of an agreeable soprano voice, made a successful debut, her singing of Softly Sighs, from Weber’s Der Freischutz, being warmly appreciated, while in a. ballad by F. H. Coweu she further confirmed the favorable impression she had created.” Melbourne Dramatic Company.— On the evenings of Friday and Satur day last the Warners (Ohas. and Cora), supported by their newly organised Melbourne Dramatic Com pany, gave performances in the Athenaeum Hall, Corryong. There was a very large audience on each occasion, and the entertainments were universally acknowledged to be the best of the kind ever given here. On Friday evening, the latest London dramatised version of Mrs Henry Wood’s famous novel, “EastLynne,” md Clms. Selby’s Scotch comedy, 1 The Bonnie Fishwife,” were staged. ; Saturday evening’s performance con- ■ fisted of the dramatised version of Vliss Braddon's novel, “ Lady Audley’s 1 Secret,” and the French comedy “ The 1 Daughter of the Regiment.” The j ictiiig throughout was of a, really , irst-class character, and the scenery, hough not elaborate, was pretty and .ppropriate. It would perhaps be , nvidions to single out any one of the ( hirteen talented performers for speeial 1 neDtion, but we cannot help referring 1 pecially to the faultless acting of Mrs ! Varner in “The Bonnie Fishwife.” i is “ Maggie M'Farlane ” she scored ' eavily, beiug perfectly at home aa tha : ■coteh lassie in every detail of the ] character. Last week's performances of this talented company were alto-, gather a long way above the average \ of those of travelling troupes, and they have earned such a host of admirers here that should fchev ever re-visit Corrvong they can rely upon getting a “ bumper bouse.” Than this, no stronger proof that their enter tainments were good and were appre ciated is necessary. Mr Easton Thwaites.— Ovino- to severe illness, Mr Easton Thwaites, our popular knight of the hammer! has not been able to personally con duet his monthly auction sales at ; (..orryong for the past seven months, some of the sales having been con ducted on his behalf by Mr Smyth, of Wodonga, and others in- .Mr Hutton, of Melbourne. We are, however* pleased to Liu able to announco that Mr Thwaites has so far recovered that he will be able to conduct the sale here on the 11th inst. In consequence of liis long absence, and to give those of his clients who wish to see him upon business matters an opportunity of doing so, Mr Thwaites purposes being in Corryong from the 7th inst. until 'sale day, and during that time he may he seen at- Mr'Masters' House Hotel. V CoRRYOXO AND UlU'l-.tt Murray A. ,fc P. Society.—There was only a very small attendance at the annual general meeting of tire members of tile Cor ryong and Upper Murray A. and P. Society held on Saturday last. Mr J. F. 71. Mitchell occupied the chair. The balance sheet for the last show, duly audited by the auditors (Messrs Rartlptt and Playle), was presented bv the secretary aud read. It showed that the society had a small credit balance. The chairman moved that the balance sheet be received and adopted, and in seconding the resolu tion Mr -J. Robinson complimented ; the secretary upon having brought tits show to a successful issue. The motion on being put was carried un ' unimously. The election of office bearers was then proceeded with, a. very satisfactory number of ballot papers, accompanied by the member ship fee, having come to hand. The election resulted as follows :—Presi | dent, Mr J. F. IT. Mitchell (uuop I posed) ; vice-presidents, Messrs J. | Dobiuson, James Mackay, and T. it. Waters (unopposed) ; treasurer, Mr A. M. Falconer. There were fifteen nominations for the committee of twelve, those returned being:—Messrs J. Barber, C. M. Findlay, A. I,. Hamilton, A. Harris, IT. Harris, sen., •T. Humphrey, W. E. Mitchell, W. H. M'Tllree, B. E. M'Kenzie, J. Baton, ,T. Waters, and W. E. Phillips. Tim election was conducted hv Messrs (H i Bishop and J. 8. Ferris, and at the close a vote of thanks was accorded to I them for having acted as scrutineers.. It was decided that a meeting of the committee take place in the Athenaeum i Q.QO on Saturdn/V, llttl j inst., after which the meeting ter ; minated. I The ConoEWA Dairy Company, Ltf>. | —The adjourned ordinary general . meeting of shareholders in the Cud i gowa Dairy Company, Limited, was | held in tho Athenamm ITall, Cior i yong, on Saturday last. Mr J. Dobin [ son (chairman of directors) presided, i and explained that the business consisted of presenting the fifth annual report and balauco sheet of the company for the ten months ending 17th July, 1897. The report and balance sheet (the latter having been duly audited by the comrany’s auditor, Mr S. Bartlett) having been read by the manager, the chairman moved that the same be received and' adopted. The motion was seconded by Mr J. F. H. Mitchell, aud, on be ing put to the meeting, was carried unanimously. This was the only busi ness transacted. The position of the company as shown by the balance sheet, is a most healthy one. The profit on the last ten monrhs’ work amounted to no less a sum than £478 1-ls, which speaks volumes for the way in which the affairs of the com pany are being managed. During the period covered by the balance sheet the total quantity of milk and cream received was 2.517,512lbs and i i.081 lbs respectively, for which the sum of £2,895 Is 3d wr.s paid. The butter produced was 120,034)bs, whilst it had taken 25-48'ihs of milk to make a lb of butter. The Cudgewa Dairy Com pany is a going concern, and is exer cising a very beneficial influence iii the district. Nearly £3,000 of foreign capital was destributed amongst dairy men in the district per medium of the company during the past ten month** and the assurance of the manager that the amount will bo doubled for the corresponding term in 1897-8 is very refreshing. Mount Em.iott State School.—A general inspection of the Mount Eiliott State School was made by Mr Inspector Rix, B.A.. on the ISth November. The report refers enlogisticallv to the man ner in which the school is boing con ducted by Mr U. 0. Hagan, the head teachc-r. The Inspector (inter alia) saj-s :—“ The preparation of the home lessons was expeditiously tested. During the inspection the several classes were kept profitably employed. The children eagorly and well answered questions in history, and the 4th and 5th classes showed good knowledge of towns of Vic toria and England. Tho teaching was animated, and good methods wore em ployed. " The very favorable report should bo gratifying to Mr Hagan. What has become of Federation ? Tho subject is nover mentioned now. By tho time the next Convention meets in Mel bourne popular interest in tho subjec 1 will have entirely disappeared. In the meantime Federal leader Barton gathers in 25 guineas a day a? arbitrator in the M'Sharry case. Tho only sanguine Fede ration^ just now seems to be Cardinal Moran. He still ha3 faith in the Federal Delegates. i 