What Befell a Gossip. In a famous old monastery there once lived a priest whom everybody loved and who loved everybody. He was the arbi. ter of the whole parish in many disagree ments, misunderstandings, and so forth, which occurs at times even in the best regulated families and congregrations. He had formerly been a devoted pastor ; but, on account of age and infirmity, lie had retired to the monastery to spend his declining days in peace; He had never been known to speak, or even to listen to, an uncharitable word; It went so entirely against his nature that it seemed to give him ftctual^jMin. , One day he* set out' on a journey of about tfcro miles, to visit a neighboring priest who was very ill. After conver sing with his friend for some time, he took his departure in the cool of the evening and directed his steps homeward. He had scarcely left the rectory when he . met a woman whom he at once recog nised as a resident of his own vi This woman had the reputation of being a great gossip, and the fact was well known to the priest. " Good-evening, your reverence !" said she. "It's right glad I am now to have met you ; for there's a long way be fore me. You'll not mind walking the road with mo, your reverence 1" " Not at all. On the contrary, I shall be pleased to have your company." After trudging along for some moments in silence, the gossip cast a sharp glance upward into the calm, mild face of her venerable companion, threw back her head, and began. :— "Oh, then, your reverence, I was just tliinkingthat of all the scolding, worthless wives' I ever heard tell of, Mary Callopy (She's my next-door neighbor) is about the worst! Do you mind her, Father ? " '"No," replied the :priest. "I think she must have come to the village lately." Not so lately, then, your reverence," she answered. " She's a daughter of old •ThadyKeese. You mind him, Father?" " Yes,Jyes ; I know him very well." "Tdon'frknow how did such a decent • man come .to have .such a villain of a daughter.. Her tongue's never still, and she's always gadding about, and—" "If that be the case," said the priest, quietly, " we can do nothing better than say the Rosary for the poor woman, that she may soon mend her ways. In the Name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost " and then went through the entire Rosary of fifteen decades. By the time it waB finished they had accomplished a third of their journey. As soon as the priest had made the Sign of the Cross the woman resumed : " 'Tis beyond endurance, your reve rence, living next door to her even ; and I don't know how the husband bears it." " Well, now, that is too bad,''replied the priest. " The best thing we can do, I think,, is to say another Rosary for both of you,' that you may have strength to endure her with patience. In the Name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost " and again'-they recited the whole Rosaiy. They had now gone two-thirds of the way. Although much discomfited, the gossip: said to herself: "I'll have time enough left, any way, to have my say out; for maybe I'll not have another chance to complain of her." So she went on : " And the poor innocent children,-your reverence—untidy and neglected from morning till night. 'Tis a sin and a shame for her, so it is ! " " Then we can do nothing better than say a Rosary for the poor little ones. In the Name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." When they recited the last " Hail Mary" the house of the gossip was in sight. "Here we part, I believe," said the priest. " The next time we meet on the road, I hope we may have as pleasant a journey as this has been. We havedone a good hour's praying, Mrs. Dooney." The woman dropped a curtesy. "I don't know about that Father," with a twinkle in her eye. " I misdoubt you did it a purpose—to make me hold my tongue." j The priest smiled, and went oh his way; the woman looked after him till he was out of sight. All the family noticed that she was very silent that evening. Let us hope that she has profited by the reproof.— "Ave Maria. "What is an anarchist, anyway ?" " An anarchist iB one who howls, who has no regard for authority, and who incoherently gabbles night and day." " Yes; we. have one at our house." " What's his name?" " Isn't named yet. He's our baby." 