MAGEMS' TBICKS. ?f): ' ' '— ? ?' — : ? r— '? ? s . MIRROR ILLUSIONS. A yv jniRORS are supposed' to /«ift exist to gratify the vanity iJf \f ^^ of the human race. But if-— 4 » as an adjunct of the *magi 3l^F c*an **ey maiy De used /with j/VSfk horrifying effect. Byj em /T V^7^2 ploying mirrors the famous j. |1 J old-time wizard, John Hen . J*xgr \ \ fy Pepper, produced an II '^Hpjj ii gfo lusion known as 'Pepper's ./y*l i«g yr-/ Ghogt,' and most of the /yrT A* }'F=%/M» Mooa curdling optical JC/ / )/^j \ IVjM tricks produced by modern (? / i I i-/i^V* necromancers are varia- '?? ? te**-J Ljfe^l/! tions of PePPer-s ghost , -T-^24rS ? /* Perhaps the most elaborate ? '* ? * of these is the . so-called '? ?TTavern of the Dead,' a suggestively gruesome title, adapted from the French Cabaret de Neant. Entering the cabaret you pass through a long hall draped in black to a spectral restaurant. . Coffins are used for tables, and the. illumination Is furnished by a chandelier apparently made of human bones. Refreshments are served -fey : a French mourner, to whose hat a long erape%tiea aner is attached. Pictures representing ordinary scenes and figures hang about the room. But suddenly these pictures are transformed; Into framed skeletons. You progress to a second Chamber, also hung with, black. The decorations are . slightly incongruous — painted tears, the le gend 'Requiescat in Pace,' and the injunction 'No Smoking,' the latter because a clear atmos ? phere is necessary to the illusion. At the end of the chamber stands a coffin, in which one of the spectators places himself. He is wrapped in ? a white sheet up to the neck. Two rows of bur ners illuminate this figure. Gradually he seems to dissolve or fade away, and in his place a skeleton appears in the coffin. The skeleton, in its turn, slowly disappears, and the figure of the man is seen again. A feature of the illusion is that the man himself knows nothing of it, and unless he has previously visited the cabinet, can jiot imagine the cause of the spectators' sur prise. Passing on to a third chamber, which is also lined with black, one of the spectators is invited Changing*!! Man into His Own Skeleton by Optical Illusion. ?Jo-seat himself at a table. The others suddenly see a bottle and glass upon it, but as the ignorant performer is told to help himself to wine and reaches out his hand is seen to pass through the spectral bottle or glass, which are unseen by him. Perhaps a woman appears and seeks to move him with gestures of appeal or endearment. He doesn't see tier, and, if he moves his hand, it passes unobstructed through her. The strains of a dirge, the ringing of deep sounding bells, and the appearance of a brown robed monk, who acts as sort of guide to the inferno, add to tie mourn ful effect of the surroundings and the funereal im jpresslveness of the proceedings. 'But it is all illusion, and very French at that. Of course the illusion in the first room is quite simple. The pictures are merely transparencies. In the second room there is directly in front of the coffin, but at an oblique angle, a large sheet of the clearest plate-glass, so clear that its presence Is not detected by the spectators or even by the man in the coffin. ' To one side, unseen by those who are to be impressed, is a painting of a skele ton standing in a coffin. The lights near the real coffin are turned down, and when another set of lights, near the painting, are turned up the skele ton in the coffin is reflected from the glass, the change being effected as swiftly or as gradually as desired. Thus the man seems to be replaced by his own skeleton and in turn to succeed it. The illusion in the third chamber is similarly pro duced. The Lovely Amphitrite. THE LOVELY 'AMPHITRITK' *I'he trick in which a nymph is shown unsup- i t»rted in mid-air, and is seen to be going through ! Various graceful movements, is presented under j the name of 'Amphitrite.' It is seen through a circular aperture cut in a screen. About six -feet behind the latter the stage is set to repre sent the sky. Below in the foreground a can vas shows the sea. 'Amphitrite, arise!' ex claims the magician. A nymph rises from the sea into the air, turns round and round, grace fully moving her limbs, floating, swimming, and frolicking in the air, and in the end, straighten ing herself out in an upright position, plunges again into the sea. It is a charming illusion, but is produced in exact accordance with optical views. A sheet j -of plate-glass is inclined forty-five degrees upon 1 the' stage. Amphitrite, in a light colored cos- 1 tume, covered with metallic spangles, lies upon a. revolving table below the level of the stage. 'When a bright light is thrown upon her, her Image is reflected in the glass, but appears to the spectator in an upright position behind it. The turning of the table and her own evolutions make her seem to turn in all directions in mid air and produce the graceful effects described. To cause her to appear or reappear, the table is slid Diagram Explaining the Amphitrite Illusion. on Tails to a position in front of or behind the glass. This table should be covered with black. 'Black Art,' as it is called, is- a trick that magicians have got from India, arid it is some times called 'Midnight Mysteries of the Yogi.' The entire stage is. hung with black velvet and the floor covered with black felt. The regular footlights are turned out and a set of -open gas Jets are carried up outside the proscenium. With the exception of these the lights throughout the house are turned -very low. A magician dressed' In white waves his hands, and various white ob jects *ppear— a wand, floating in the air; tables ? and vases, and finally a. skeleton, which dismem bers itself and;puts itself together again. These objects are ail 'white, and the whole scene Is con ? ducted in absolute silence. It is one of the most effective and at the same time one of the simplest of ? Illusions. While the stage is draped in black, everything that appears is painted a brilliant white. All .the objects are placed beforehand on the stage, but are covered with black cloth, and so are not seen against the black background, es pecially as- the spectators' . eyes are somewhat dazzled by the open gas jets. There is an as sistant in black, Who is also invisible on account of the darkness and the black background, and i ? who moves about noiselessly over the felt car pet. He simply removes the: cloths from the various objects, puts the skeleton through its movements and dismembers and joins it together again. One of the most familiar optical tricks is the talking head upon a table. The illustration al most explains itself. The apparatus consists of a mirror ; fixed to the diagonally opposite legs of the table. The mirror hides the body of the girl, and by reflection makes a fourth table leg appear. It also reflects the end of the fabric hanging down; In front of the table, and makes it seem as If pafet^-of the cloth were also hanging over the near^saa of the table. Then, too, the mirror reflects tie floor* so that the spectator THE TALKING HEAD. seems to be looking right under the table, and thinks he can see the floor beyond it. The girl's head is thrust through a hole in the table. Curi ously enough, the effect is ? more perfect when the spectator is quite near the table. 'SHE' AND -'TRILBY.' An exceedingly effective set piece is the repro duction of the climax' of Rider Haggard's novel r 'She.' A beautiful young woman, representing She, mounts a table placed in an alcove. The table seems to have four legs, and four burning candles beneath it seem to indicate that the space is open and clear. This, however, is an illusion produced by mirrors. A cylinder of drapery des cends over the woman's form. At the firing of a pistol smoke and flame burst forth from this cylindrical screen. When the fire is burned out this screen is lifted, and nothing remains upon the table but a pile of charred bones and smould- j ering embers, surmounted by a skull. It is, of coarse, obvious that the most powerful necro mancer cannot afford to burn up a beautiful young woman every night. The supply of will ing- subjects would be too limited for that. Be sides, if you go the next night you will see that it is the same beautiful young woman who is j consumed by fire. The explanation is simple enough. While the smoke and flames are bursting forth from a cylin drical screen 'She' has quietly slipped through a trap in the table and is out of sight behind the mirrors before ?whicE the candles are burning. Through this trap she has lifted the bones, the skull and a few fireworks upon the table, and it is 'She' herself who ignited the fireworks at the tiring of the pistol, closing the trap as she re tired. When the success of 'Triiby' brought hypnot ism so 'much into vogue. Hen-man devised a trick which he called 'The Illusion of Trilby.' Hypnot ism was supposed to play a part in this trick, but in reality it had nothing to do with the effect produced. That -is purely mechanical. A plank is placed upon two chairs. Trilby steps on a footstool and stretches herself upon the plank. She carries a Bouquet in her hand. Sven gali carefully arranges her drapery, walking around her as he does so. He makes some passes and successively removes the chairs. The spec tators hold their breath. They expect the plank 1 to tilt and fall. But, lo! it remains in the air, Trilby calmly lying Upon it. More passes, and j she awakens from her supposed trance. The \ chairs are replaced, she steps down, and chairs : and plank are removed- ? j In reality tbe board is attached to a bar which protrudes from behind the scenes. It is thrust into the board before the chairs are removed, and ?while the magician is arranging the drapery. It is hidden from the spectators in the upper ' tiers by the bouquet which Trilby holds in her i hands. When the chairs have been replaced j the bar is withdrawn, and nothing of it is seen ; ?when Trilby arises and steps down. Further me- i chanical contrivances attached to this bar behind the scenes enable the unseen assistant who mani- j pulates it to lower or raise the board. J Another illusion, that of 'The Haunted Swing,' | which seems to whirl completely over with those ! sitting in it aid to describe a full circle about j the bar on. -which it hangs, is produced by having ! the room rotate' 'while the srtfing. itself really re-* mains stationary. ; It is an illusion which ..pro duces a creepy feeling upon those who participate ? In it, but it is a standard attraction at many of our summer excursion resprts. It's the 'whirl of the -beach' at Rockaway. JX RAYS IN MAGIC. ? X rays are now used, to produce several.magi cal effects. :The following one is characteristic: A man is seen seated at a table ready to eat his dinner. A candle is his only light. Suddenly he disappears, and a skeleton- sits . opposite the place he occupied, -while the plate, the glass, and the -water bottle shine in. space, nothing of the table being seen. .. :This 'skeleton was concealed from the spectators by a black curtain, and myste rious hands seen, moving about it are gloves co vered with zinc sulphide, with which the skele ton and the objects on the tables are also co vered. The appearance of all- these is due to the X rays passing through the black cloth. The so-called conjurftig tricks are simpler than any of these, and the outfit required is very in expensive. A trick with which nearly everyone, is familiar is the following: The juggler asks for a hat. One is handed to him by a spectator. Put ting his hand in it, the juggler draws out yard after yard of white ribbon paper— enough to make a great pile. of it on the floor. The jug gler simply had hidden under his coat a roll of telegraphic paper, which he skilfully inserted into the hat as he rested its open end against his ; breast. ' .; The trapeze performer who walks head down ward on the ceiling or on a suspended board cannot properly be called a magician, but her act belong among tricks and not among gymnastics. Til's Human Fly, as she is usually called on circus posters, has pneumatic contrivances lon the soles of her feet. ' She is obliged to walk slowly and to take short steps. The mechanical attachment is an indiarubber 'sucker' with a cup-rshaped surface. You will perhaps be surprised to learn that fire eating is not a trick, but is made possible by the hardening of the skjn through oft- repeated ac tion. Sword swallowing is also an actual fact. There are, of course, some sword swallowers who employ artifices, but the majority really introduce im:o their mouth and food passage the blades that they cause to disappear. This act is not wholely unlike the partial swallowing of long vulcanised rubber tubes by invalids to whom food cannot be administered in tbe usual way. There are some performers with knives -so ex pert that they can actually throw knives so close to a human being standing against a board that they outline the figure with the knives, but in the majority of instances the act is a trick. Every time the performer goes through the act of throw ing a mechanical contrivance, operated by the person eitanding against the board, causes a knife concealed behind the board to drop into position with a click. THE MIND-READING TRICK. So-called mental magic, or second sight, in which a person whose eyes are blindfolded ap pears to have a mental vision of objects held in the magician's hand, is based upon a system Gf catchwords or letters in the sentences which the magician speaks. This was one of Heller's great performances, an-1 in order to prevent detection of the system he, so to speak, mixed up the alphabet. For in stance, H stood for A and © for N, and the ad monition- 'Hurry up' meant 'Repeat the last let ter.' Suppose Heller wanted hia blindfolded assistant, Fred. Hunt, jun., or his sister, Haidee Heller, ito give him the name that1 was engraved in a ring, and suppose that name to have been Anna. He would say: 'Here is the name. Do you see it? Hurry up! Have you got iit?' Attention was paid only (to the first letter of every sentence. Examine the above and you will see ilhat th» cue is given for . the name — H in 'Here,' giving tihe first A; D in 'Bo,' the first ?* SHE.' 'SHE 'ON FIRE. 'SHE'S' CHAEEED ?REMAINS. BUT 'SHE' WILL BE THERE i|L TO-MOBBOW NIGHT. Wj^ HOW 'SHE' IS DESTROYED AND RESURRECTED. 'W* N; 'Hurry up,' the repetition of N, and .the H in j 'Have,' the final A— in all 'Anna.' \ But there wes always rapturous applause ait ithe end of Heller's mind reading (trick. In this, as in (the 'set pieces' and other tricks I have described, the audience retired all the more cheerfully for the fact that it knew it had been fooled. The ?world over, frank and agreeable fooling of the pub lic is profitable, and probably will continue to be till the world's end. And so we are looking forward with pleasure to ithe Cagliostros, Houdins, and Hermanns of the twentieth century. — 'N.Y. World.' 