TORF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. BY " APEMAHTUS." ME. A.. H. COX'S meeting at Maribyrnong last week was favoured with warm and genial weather, and accordingly there was a first-class attendance at the reunion on the prettily-situated course laid out alongside the Saltwater River. At Flemington on the previous Saturday Cripps' stable had the bad luck to run two seconds with Kangaroo II. and Excel; but the popular Joseph went one better than that at Maribyrnong, when he annexed the Hurdle Race with Kangaroo II., who went out at evens, and then he won the Maiden Plate with the high-priced Carlos, an unsexed son of Carlyon and Endurance, the latter being a sister to The Indian by Glorious—Hinnomungie (imp.), by Blinkhoolie. Carlos was backed from tens down to fours, and never gave his opponents a ghost of a chance. '^BUE BLOOD was all the rage for the Riverside Plate, but had to put up with second place to Moonlyong, whom Ted Power has in great nick just at present. The Purse was annexed by Carlsbad, who travelled very badly in the market, although his owner was present and supported the son of Carlyon. It was pleasant to once again see that old hero of a hundred fights, Diet Walker, steer home a -winner. Carlsbad got away very badly, but came through like a shot from a gun. I think he was somewhat lucky to win, as Murmur, who was a strong favourite, collided with Tritantus just as she was making her run, and fell. THE Jumpers' Flat race was productive of a fiasco. At first Galant, on whom J. E. Brewer had the mount, was made a strong favourite, but the public poured their shekels in on the second string of the stable, who was ridden by G. P. Brewer, this being the latter's first infant since his severe accident when Molly Riley fell with him at Caulfield. The Tasmanian mare was at 2 to 1, whilst Galant figured at a point longer, the only other backed for money being Charon, who carried Gordon Trainor. On theinside, Galant just defeated the favourite, whilst Charon in another stride would have beaten them both, so fast was he making his late and ill-timed run. There was a lot of dissatisfaction over the positions of the first two horses, and this was increased when it was found that G. P. Brewer could not draw the weight for Nora Creina, being declared distanced as the result thereof. It was proved that he had lost a piece of lead from his saddle-bag, but as his accoutrements were of a very ancient character, the stewards cautioned him severely against again using such old gear. He was just threequartere of a pound light, and, moreover, is said to have weighed out without his bridle, consequently he must have slipped a pretty big plate of lead. THE Welter Mile, -which concluded proceedings at Maribyrnong, saw Embrasure (8.1) on the strength of his third in the first-class company in the Welter Mile at Flemington, when he carried only lib. less than he wa3 handicapped with at Maribyrnong, backed down to 6 to 4, going back to threes and then returning to 2 to 1. Dunwell was also the medium of plenty of support, and pulled bis backers through; At the turn Embrasure looked all overa winner, but a light collision occurred between him and Dunwell, of which he got the worse, being knocked out of his stride, and with his head in the air to prevent being further trodden on, he only secured third position, Sabriua displacing bim. At Melbourne Embrasure was ridden a strong race in front, but at Maribyrnong a waiting race was the order, and a great error was made. IT was good indeed to find the clerk of tie weather in a genial mood for the Epsom meeting, for, as a rule, that functionary is very ill disposed towards this pretty course. On Saturday last, however, the weather was all that could be desired, and accordingly there was a splendid attendance with capital fields and most interesting racing. THE programme opened as usual with the Hurdle Race, and with the start of the betting there was a strong order in for First Ascot, on the strength of his running to Borderer and Kangaroo II. at headquarters, so that from evens Brewer's mount started at 6 to 4 on bim. Hardly anything else m the field of ten had substantial sums laid against it, so strong was the public fancy for the Cambria House colt. But the initial event was a score for the fielders rather than the punters, as the favourite could only secure second money, Jimmy Barbour winning on Bredalbane, who has been running consistently for several meetings. He led all the way, and easily stalling off Brewer's challenge at the last hurdle, won in a canter by four lengths, with Earlston just; in advance of Exchange and Kimbolton. In the Trial Handicap, however, the public had their revenge, as they fastened on to Silver Pines from the opening of the betting, although at one time the Sunrise gelding was travelling very badly in the market, but perhaps this was owing to the commissions put in for Spindrift and Magdaline. No less than sixteen went to the post, and Silver Pines won very cleverly after stalling off a most vigorous challenge from Last Glen, who seems - a singularly unfortunate youngster in only securing second positions. Spindrift, who never runs up to his track form, was third, followed by Crisp and Magdaline, but the winner had the race won at any time, and IB evidently a very fair sprinter. AFTER the victory of Silver Pines, with Jack Stevenson in the pigskin, it was only natural that Sunbury, with the same accomplished horseman up, should be favourite of the ten whose numbers were hoisted for the Mordialloc -Handicap, although Response and Clive had any number of supporters. Strange to say, that good performer Bacchus was at an outside price, bis owner thinking the son of Boolka had gone off a bit during the week. Bacchus and Sunbury made joint running, but the latter won easily from Response, who came with a very fast but late run after getting badly away, and beat Bacchus by a length for the fiver accorded the second horse. THE Steeplechase was supposed to be a onehorse race for Bingara, who was said to have beaten Riot in schooling over the jumps at Caulfield, and as Jack Cameron had purposely delayed his journey to Onkaparinea in order to ride Bingara, the horse opened at 7 to 4, with Triangle, Molly Riley and Belle also well supported. The good thing did not, however, come off, as Cameron played too much of a waiting game, and Bingara was too careful over the jumps. At the distance, however, he had drawn up to Triangle, and4 to 1 was freely laid on him, but the effort had been too much for the Caulfield horse, and he succumbed, Logan at last steering home one of the Mill Park jumpers to victory. It wae afterwards explained that the jumps had been raised a few inches, and of course such a matter would naturally unsettle a horse who had been wholly accustomed to hurdles, and was entered and backed on the supposition that the fences were as they formerly were at Epsom. The Epsom Handicap, of five and a-half furlongs, was responsible for a field of a baker's dozeD, Homespun, who carried the support of the Mill Park brigade of punters, being a very strong order at the opening of the betting-, but another in Pickles eventually commanded such support that he gradually joined the English bred gelding in favouritism, both going out at 7 to 2, whilst Melema and Carlsbad also had plenty of followers. At the half distance Pickles had taken such a position that odds were freely laid upon him, when he was challenged by Christmas Bell, and as the pony was unable to concede 14ib. to the Sunrise filly he could not sustain the challenge, and Christmas Bell landed her party a big sum of—'tis said—£1200, all cleverly got on at 100 to 8. And yet there are some folks croaking that our ring is in a bad way ! The concluding event was the Welter Handicap, for which Brighton was the fancy's favourite t the ,opening of operations, but hereupon came a very powerful commission in favour of Emon-na- Knuck, who was so persistently backed that he , - - -— . " uudo n the brush, but Paddy Guinane's jockeyship was anded ltogether Brighton superior a very to clever Alf. Whitty's, winner by and half-aength, Christmas Bell, with all her 71b. he enalty, being a fair third. ON Saturday next the Autumn meeting of the .J.C. will commence. As the acceptances for he St. Leger are not due until this afternoon it s rather difficult to determine the starters for that and the W.F.A. Autumn Stakes; my particular fancies, however, run somewhat in the following strain:— HURDLE RACE.—Gannon, 1; Whitefoot, 2; Favour, 3. AUTUMN STAKES.—Delaware, 1; Battalion, 2; True Blue, 3. DONCASTER HANDICAP. CREMORNE l VANITAS 2 Survivor or Beka 3 ST. LEGER STAKES. NEWHAVEN 1 THE OFFICER 2 Coil 3 THE racing will be continued on Easter Monday, when the Champagne stakes and Sydney Cup will be the principal events. CHAMPAGNE STAKES.—Aurum, 1 notist, 2; El Norte, 3. SYDNEY CUP. The Hpy- COIL ... .; i FADLADEEN 2 Tom 3 Resolute 4 FIRST STEEPLECHASE.—Tayforth, 1; Othello, 2; Whitefoot II, 3. ON Thursday next wiJl be ran two specially interesting events, the All-Aged Stakes, of one mile, and the Cumberland Stakes, of two miles. ALL-AGED STAKES. AURUM l NEWHAVEN 2 Hopscotch 3 CUMBERLAND STAKES. THE OFFICER 1 COIL 2 Delaware ... ... ... ... ... 3 FOB the Onkaparinga Races, to be run on Easter Monday, my fancies run thusly:— HURDLE RACE.—Sheoak, 1; Charon, 2; Conventioner or U.Z., 3. GREAT EASTERN STEEPLECHASE.—Larrikin, 1; Riot, 2 ; Zanonia or Grassmere, 3. ONKAPARINGA CUP—Thunder Queen or Birksgate, 1; Princess of Wales, 2 ; Veronica, 3. HILLS RAILWAY STAKES.—Thunder Queen, 1; Alveary, 2; Marryatville, 3. CAULFIELD will on Saturday next be the rendezvous for Melbourne racing men, and the pleasant heath will attract a large number of visitors, notwithstanding that many have departed for Randwick and Onkaparinga. I anticipate the following results:— TRIAL STAKES.—Brennus, 1; Spindrift, 2 ; Carlos, 3. HURDLE RACE.—Figaro, 1; Agent, 2; Earlston, 3. EASTER HANDICAP.—Response, 1; Homespun, 2; Argent, 3. STEEPLECHASE. — Walter, 1; Euineralla, 2 ; Triangle or Romadal, 3. SELLING RACE.—Wantagong, 1; Christmas Bell, 2 ; Crisp 3. WELTER HANDICAP-—Embrasure, 1; Brighton, 2; Mercury, 3. As usual, Easter Monday will be occupied by the Williamstown Club. The entries for this meeting average very well, no less than six-andtwenty being engaged in the Easter Plate and Purse, whilst there are sixteen in the Jumpers' Flat Race. It would look like an interesting day's racing, and I shall be disappointed if it prove otherwise. The handicaps have not been issued in time for me to vaticinate upon. MR. Cox invites his patrons to Moonee Valley next Wednesday, wheD, judging by the entries, there should be excellent fields. The only event that has not filled to satisfaction is the steeplechase, but even that event equals in numbers the last run at Flemington. The course is so beautifully adjacent to the metropolis that a large ompany iR always assured for this popular resort. I All somewhat surprised at the absence of May ay's name from the entries for races to be run t Caulfield on 1st May, but perhaps the name ould baye been too significant for any price to e obtained about her. 