Newcastle News. Pilot Sweet slipped and fell overboard from tho barque Benares on Saturday morning, but was rescued none the worse for his involuntary plunge. Mri W. Johnson, of the Miner's Arms Hotel, Stockton, was the successful purchaser of the lease of the Borough Markets for three years, with the option of renewal for two more, at i210 15s per week. ?nr.M n n rl fivt^Kr fha f.vhal arrivals] during the. week amounting to 4390 bales. The arrivals at the two local ahedB to date amounted to 26,721 bales, as against 34,206 bales for the corres ponding period ot last season. The export of coal to places boyond the colony for the paBt week amounted to 36,403 tons, as under : — Victoria, 6750 tons ; South Australia, 3190; Uuited StateB, 7270; Chili, 6097; India, 6000; New Zealand, 4883; Mexico, 2213. During the previous week 49,166 tons were sent away. On Sunday a flower eervice was held in the Wesleyan Church, when the Rev. H. W.T. Pincombe delivered an address on ' Sympathy with the poor and suffering.' In the evening preaching on the early cloeing movement, he advised his hearerB not to do any shopping after hourB under any con sideration. On Wednesday, a carter named Jnmes Martin was fatally injured in a lane off Church-street by being crushed against a brick wall by the point of the shaft of the dray in charge of which he was. The deceased, who was twenty-six years of age aud a married man, died on the way to the hospital, and at an inquest hold subsequently a verdict of accidental death was returned. Some time between Saturday night and Mon day morning the business premises of Mr. David Williamson, tobacconist, Hunter-street, were entered, and about -£30 worth of tobacco, cigars, and pipes stolen. The robbery was a very bold one, as the shop is situated iu a most populous locality, but I understand the police have a clue as to the perpetrator of the burglary, and an arrest will probably be made without much delay. William Ball, Donald McDonald, Wm. Clarke, Willian Goodrid, A. Coggine, Henry Hills, and George Anderson, seamen on the steamer Rakanoa, pleaded guilty to combining to disobey lawful com mands. They said they had signed articles in Mel bourne for the voyage to India and back, but they had since learned that ¥the seamen on the same Co's Wanaka were paid £5 a month, and if they accepted less they would be classed aa blacklegs, Each waB sentenced to four weeks' imprisonment in Maitland gaol, and to pay -SI. Is professional costs. \- A meeting of the Fire Brigades' Association on Wednesday evening decided to form a brass band in connection with the local brigades. The executive officers were empowered to arrange for the holding of a local competition shortly ou a pay-Saturday, tha following events to form the programme, viz., eight men engine, eight men hose and ladder, and eight mea reel, the engine event to be run under the Albury rules. A promise was given the dele gate of the East Maitland Brigade that every assistance would be afforded that body at a com petition which it is intended to hold there. The residents o'f certain portions of Hamilton have for some months past been in a stats of excitement owing to the alleged ghostly visits of a ' woman in grey,' who is reported to appear at intervals near GregBon Park. Constable Brown ha3 spent many sleepless night3 watching; but until the other evening nothing was met with. On that night the constable was called out by an excited reaident, who had seen ihe ghost. By the time the constable reached the scene close on 300 persons had assembled. The bush was searched, but nothing has yet been discovered of the mystery. What is described as a musical and educa tional tournament was successfully commenced at Hamilton Monday evening, in aid of the Sacred Heart School, which the Rev. Father O'Donohoe has taken under his care with tho intention of improving and enlarging, and as that papular gen tleman has so far never failed in any of his projects it is pretty certain that his ambition will be satis fied also in this instance. The opening ceremony was performed by Mra. Miller, the Mayoress of Newcastle, who was presented with a gold medal in commemoration of the occasion. The competi tive work consisted of writing, mapping, lettering, cooking, etc., and every class was well filled by excellent specimens of work, which came from the neighbouring towns aud Catholic schools. Later on a pleasant conceit attracted much attention. The Hospital Saturday demonstration of tbo Friendly Societies has come and gone, and the re Bult has proved that it was a wise step to make the change from Sunday, for though the display in the Btreet was not up to previous similar gatherings on the Sunday, the financial result has been the moat satisfactory so far obtained. The collection alto gether amounted to £180 0a 3d, which with an equal amount from the Government will be a con siderable help to the Hospital and Benevolent Asylum. T'b6 Chief Secretary (the Hon. J. N. Brunker) was met at the Honeysuckle Point Rail way station by tho Mayor and driven to Arnott's paddock where a large crowd had assembled. The procession started from Melville-street and' pro ceeded to the Upper Reseive, where tho public meeting was held. Though small in number to those held on the Sunday it made a good show, and in it were a number of baudp, including the Lincer Band from your city, which came ia for much kudos. Tho Chief Secretary was the principal speaker at the meeting. He described what tho Government contributed to charities, and eulogised the friendly societies. He had been endeavouring to get information from the old country to put the societies on a firmer footing than they were at present. Other speakers were the Hon. J. Blanksby, M.L.C., and Messrs. W. T. Diek, A. Edden, and J. L. Fegan, Me.L.A. The' buccsss of the collections was due to the efforts of the ladies, who worked aBsiduoualy to raise aB much as possible. 