CHAPTER XVII.-POOIt KATHE RINE! " And'how is your patient to-night, Mrs Otis? Any change for the better, yet?" It was Dr. Graves who asked the 1 question, blustering In'like the god of i the wind. A'high gale.roared iiithout, t a few feathery flakes of snow floated I past the windows in the stormy twilight. In the sitting-room of the Widonw Otis' pretty cottage residence a bright fire e burned cheerily, the red, Warm light streaming through the window-curtains I far out upon the frost-bound road. "Good evening, Dr. Graves. I thought I It was Henry. Come to the fire. Bit terly cold, is it not, outside? My pa tient? Well, I don't see much improve- I ment there; but Henry says he im proves, and of course Henry knows best. Take this chair-do, and try and thaw ( yourself a little." Dr. Graves took the ctishioned rocking chair, and spread himself out luxurious-. ly to the blaze. "'Where is Henry? I wanted to see him." "Oh, among his poor patients; some where: lie will be home to tea presently. Any news, to-night, doctbr? I mean "You mean tile Scarswocd tragedy, of course, ma'am. Nobody.in' Sussex, I believe, talks of anythilig else latterly. No, no news; and no newo in this case does not mean good news. The funeral is over, as you know, and there is no will, and everything falls to that pitiful, pettifogging little screw of gn attorney, Peter Dangerfield-ev\erything., irs Otis -everything.". . - Just then Mrs Otls started. She heard the outer hall door openid, a quick footstep crossed the passage, the sitting room door was flung wide. and Henry Otis. "booted and spurred," stood pale as a ghost before hlis mother and Dr. Grave. "Henry!" the word was a low, frightened cry, but Henry Otis' eyes turned from her to the doctor. "Is she not here' I was sure I should find her here." "Find whom here ? What do you mean, young gentleman?a ' "I mean liss Dangerfield. - What! don't you know? She ran away, either last night or this morning, from Scars wood, and no tale or tidings of her are to be found. I thought she might have come here to-to see him." IHenry Otis crossed abruptly to the fire, and stood staring into it with a greatly disturbed face. "Run away!" the widow and the doc tor both exclaimed. "Yes-run away--to her death, most likely." "Ienry! Good Heaven!" "Women have been driven to their death before now by men--girls have committed sulcide for less than she has undergone. It is not those who make most outcry over their troubles who feel them deepest. What has she tb live for-robbed of all at one blow?" "And my opinion.is, she has done no thing of the sort!" curtly interposed Dr Graves. "Only arrant cowards commit suicide; and whatever blood . flows in Mlis, Dangerfield's veins, there is linot one drop of the coward in it." As he uttered the last emphatic words, there came a knock at the front door. What presentiment was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such a very unprofessional bound ? He threw it open, and - yes - there, in the spectral, wintry dusk before him stood the tall, slender,sombre figure-its black robes, its' white face, and great solemn eyes-there stood Ka therine Dangerfield. He could not speak a word; the un utterable relief of seeing lier alive and there for a moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first, in that faint, sweet voice that haunted him for ever after his life.lonig. ' ""Map I come In? It'lssee't Cold, and I want to see him." :- 7 There was something so forlorn in her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plaintive tone-somethlng so like a spi rit about her that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She stood before him alive, but surely death was pictured on her face. "Come in, please," lh said, simply and she glided past him along the lobby and into the presence of the other two. "My child-my child!" Mrs Otis said, witl a motherly cry; "thank Heaven you are alive, and-have come to us. Sit down; let me warm your hands-poor, little frozen hands. Oh, my child, what a fright you have given us all! Where in the world have you been?" Katherine sank wearily down in the chair, and let her hands lie in the elder woman's warm clasp. "I have been with Hannah," she an swered, slowly; "at Bracken Hollow, with my nurse. And to-morrow I leave Castleford, and I could not go, you know, without seeing Gaston." Her voice died drowsily away, her head drooped against the back of the chair, her eyelids fell heavily. The three about her looked in one another's startled faces in dead silence. What did this mean? "My child-Miss Dangerfield!" aMrs Otis murmured. "Oh, look up; don't lie like that, Miss Katherine! Miss Kathe rine!" "Yes, papa," drowsily; ."but I am so sleepy, and I don't want to get up to breakfast yet. Has Gaston come? It is cold for him to ride from Castleford to-night-and lie hates the cold-poor Gaston. Call me when he comes, papa -I want to sleep now." Her eyes closed heavily again --her mind was wandering6 .JIdr troubles had been too much for her, then; after all, and had turned her brain. Dr Graves bent over her, and shook her slightly. "'Katherine - Katherlne!" he called. "Rouse up! Gaston has come-Gaston is here!" She sat up and gazed at hitn, a be wildeired look in her eyes. "Who calls?" she asked. "Oh, .Dr Graves.. is it you? Where .am I? Is papa .lll again? Why, this isn't---'. She -ookd around, and mnemory seemed slowl"" struggling back. . "Yes, I kn6ow now-this is Mr Otis' house Gaston is here." She rose up suddenly, fully herself. "I am going away, and I want to see Gaston, . How is he to-night, Mr Otis?" "Much as he Ihas been from thie flgt, Miss.- Dang~efleld--little better, Ifttle worse.?" -. "But he will not die? 'hIr. Otis...yu told me he would not die!" "I think he will not. I have seen worse cases recover. '-It isa sort of con cussion of the brain. He does notsuffer -or, at least, is coqselous of nio suffer tng." -- - - " tIay I see him at once now-and alone? I don't know when I may see him again; and, Mr Otis, you have been so kind, will you take care of him for me until he is quite well again? I can't pay you now--I an poor--lut some day; if I live, I will." . - "I: need no pay.. For your sake, Miss DangeRfield, I will care for him" gladly. I would cherish a dog that had been -She held out her hand to him with thle bright old grace. S"Thank you. I tn I might trust you. I must go before it gets too late. Please take me to him at once." He led her to the chamber door. White, cold, and motionless, in the fast-fading daylight, Gaston Dantree lay. She had not seen him since that fatal wedding night, and now she saw him - agaln Sthus. She stood an instant; then she tentered and closed the door.' They heard the soft rustle of her'silk dress as she knelt by 'the bedside. then silence fell. No one spoke. The ohiments passed: the nlght had entirelY losed in; : tilhe w lnd howled througl thile desolate churhhyard, whose ghaily gravestones could bd dlmly seen gtling in the darkiness.. A hushed fIpectation held them--of what they knefp not--a strange proiihetic sort of awe. e? Otis was the first to move. The clock on the man telplece struck six ; she turned softly and lighted the lamp, then stood waiting again . , Five minutes-ten-no sign, no sound from that inner room. Fifteen-twenty -the two men looked at each other un easily. .Twenty-five-thirty.. Then Dr Graves spoke. "She has been. there long enough. It is no place for her in her present state. Mrs Otis, do you go and ask her to come out." The little widow, full of foreboding, walked softly to the door, and tapped. No answer. A second tap, louder; still no reply. A third rap-loudly tlis time, but the only answer, profoundest sil ence." "Miss Katherine," she called, " may I enter?" Still no response. Then she opened the door wide, and recoiled, with a cry. "Henry, the child has fallen; she has fainted!" Henry Otis was in the room before the words were spoken. Katherine was ly ing on her face on the floor by the bed side, where she had softly fallen. In one second she was uplifted in Henry Otis' arms and borne out into the light. Her head fell limp over his arm, her eyes were closed, her features rigid. He laid her upon a sofa-the two doctors bent over her-one with his hand over her heart, the other on her pulse. The heart lay still, the pulse beat no longer. Rigid, white, stark she lay. "Oh, Henry, speak!" his mother cried. "Dr Graves, tell me, has she fainted?" TThe elder doctor removed his hand from her heart, and stood up rather pale himself In the lamp-light. " "Something worse than a faint, ma dam," replied Dr Graves. ."Leave us, Mrs Oils, and your son, Henry, and I will see to her." Sir Peter Dangerfield sat alone in the library of Scarsnwood; the silken cur tains were drawn: fire-ligiht and lamp light made the room brilliant; his purple easy-chair was drawn up before a writing-table littered with deeds and documents, and Sir Peter. in gold bowed spectacles, was trying to read. Trying-not reading-for between him and the parchment page a face, inenac. ing and terrible, kept coming-the face of Katherine as he had seen her last. Where was Katherine ? Dead or alive, she had sworn to be revenged. Was she dead ? He shuddered through all his little craven soul and heart 'at the thought.\, Men had looked at him darkly and askance all day, and turned coldly away from him while he spoke. There had been whispers of suicide. What If, while he sat here in this warm, lighted, luxurious room. she lay stark and frozen under the stars-dead by her own hand! There was a tall. smoke-colored bottle on another table, with glasses. HIe was usually a very anchorite for abstemious ness. but he sprang up now with a mut tered oath, filled a stiff glass of brandy, and drained it at a draught. Suddenly there was a knock at the room door, and Dr. Craves was an nounced. Sir Peter arose, as Dr. Graves, hat in hand. very pale and solemn of visage, stood Iefore him. News of Katherine at last. He grasped ithe back of his chair with one hand, and faced his visi tor almost defiantly, as one who should say, "Whatever has happened, I at least have had nothing to do with it." "Well. sir ?" he demanded. "Sir Peter Dangerfield, I bring news of -of Katherine. She is found." The little baronet's heart gave a great leap. Found! Then she had not committed suicide ? "Ah!" he said, with a look of sulky injury, "I knew as much. I thought she wasn't the sort of girl to take poison or throw herself into the nearest stream. So she's found, is she ? Per Ihaps she is going to turn romantic sick nurse to her wounded cavalier, and end by getting hini to marry-" "Stop, Sir Peter Dangerfleld," the old doctor said, hoarsely; "not another word. Katherine Dangerfleld will never marry Gaston Dantree or any other mortal man. She is dead!" \- Dead!"d -Sir Peter'leaped froin hids chair as though he had been stabbed. "Dead, Doctor Graves! Good Heaven! I thought you said-I thought-" "Yes, Sir Peter-dead! Of heart disease, no doubt. latent and unsus pected." And then the old doctor's voice broke, and he turned his back abruptly on Sir Peter and faced the fire. Dead silence fell. The clock ticked, the cinders dropped. Dr. Graves looked fixedly into the ruddy coals, and Sir Peter sat stiff and upright in his chair, quite ghastly to look at. "Dead or alive, I will be revenged!" The horrible words rang in Iris ear like his own death-knell. Greater and wiser than poor Sir Peter Dangerfield have devoutly believed in ghosts; he was superstitious to the core. And Kathe rine was dead-dead-dead! Great heavy drops stood on his pinched, pallid face, and his voice was husky as he spoke: "Dr. Graves, there must be some mis take here-there must. She couldn't die in that way-it is too horrible-and she was so young and so strong-never ill a day in lier life." "Sir Peter," the old physician said, quietly, "I am sixty-fixe years of age, and for the past forty years I have seen death in all its phases-lingering and instantaneous. And I tell you she Is dead. But we will go to her. Site is at lrs Otis's, and you can convince yourself with your own eyes." But still Sir Peter would not he con vinced-would not, could not "make her dead." He hurried fromt the room, changed his dress, ordered round his horse, and in fifteen minutes the two men were galloping full speed through tile keenl, frosty air to-wards Castle. ford. The town lay hushed and dark when they rode into it-it was close upon eleven nown. Neither spoke a word; the breathless pace did not admit of talk. They reached Mr Otis's house-its whole front lighted, and figures flitting rapidly to and fro; and Peter Dangerfleld's heart, under his riding-coat, was throb bing so rapidly, he turned sick and reeled dizzily for an instant, as he sprang.from the saddle. The nexti he rallied, and follown-ed his leader In. On the sofa In .the sitting-room, wnhere they had first pIlaced her, Katherine still lay. They had removed her- hat and cloak. and loosened all her clothes, but over that rigid face the solemn seal of eternal sleep hIad fallen. They had closed her eyes and folded the pulsels hands, and calmly, as though sleepng. and fairer than ever in life, she'ly. The haggard look had all gonC,~ So Peter Dangerfield sa' hier again. There were three persons in the room. Beside Mlr Otis and his mother; the,old ex-Indlan nurse from Bracken Hollow, sad, gaunt, and grey, sat close by. her nursellng, swn'aying ceaselessly to: and fro. and uttering a sort of moaniing cry. like a dunmbcreature In pain: She lifted her Inflamed .e'ee. niid fixed them :with savage hatred -pon the pallid face of tlie baronet. ", "Ay," she,.sald, bitterly: '"you're a fine gentlenianenow, Peter Dangerfleld, and you do well to come and look at your handiwork; but you're her mur dere, you and that dying, false-faced villain lying yonder, as sure as ever men were murderers. The law won't hang-you, I. suppose, but It has hung men who deserved It less."' ':For Heaven's sake, hush!" he said. "I never meant this! . I never thought she would die! I would give all I am wnorth to bring her back to llfg." - "Llar!" old Hannah cried, towering up and confronting him; "double liar and codard! Who refused her her dying father's request ?--who offered her the deadliest and most dastardly insult it is possible for man to offer.a woman ? And you say you are sorry. I wonder that, dead as she lies there before you, she does not rise to accuse her murderer. MIr Henry Otis, this Is, your house, and she thought ysou her friend. Sho'w yourself her friend non' and turn her murderer out!" "Hannah, Hannah, hush!" intetiflted .hi?s Otis, scandallsed alidalarmied. - "Hannah is right, mother," said Henry, "and he shall go. . Leave this house, Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never set foot across threshold of mine again. She turned to me in her trouble, she came to me in her dark hour, and she is mine now-mine! Go-you coward, you robber and insulter of helpless girlhood, and come here no more!" The fiery words scourged the baronet, averted faces met him on every side. And, calm and White, Katherine lay be fore him, with closed eyes and folded hands-most awful of all! Without a word he slunk away like a whipped I hound, and presently the door closed upon him, and he stood alone under the black winter night. Alone! Would he ever be alone again? Sleeping and waking, would not that terrible, white, fixed face pursue him? I "Dead, I will come back from the grave, if the dead can!" Would the words she had spoken, the dreadful words he had laughed at once, ever cease to ring in his ears now? Would they not haunt him until they drove him mad? Sir Peter Dangerfleld rode home. Home! What was Scarswood better than a haunted house now? He shut himself up in his library, lighted the room to more than the brilliancy of day, locked the door, seized the brandy bottle, and deliberately drank himself into a state of beastly stupor. - When morning dawned, Sir Peter, lying on the hearth rug, was far beyond all fear of ghosts or goblins in heavy, drunken sleep. (To be Continued.) 