Archie Cracked His First Crib, The other afternoon, having an hour to wait for my train, I paid another call on Archie, who lives close to the terminus, Tho rain was coming down helter- skelter, and the wind blowing in savago blasts, so glad enough I was to see tho glow of Archio's fire. The old man was raooxinginJiis ai'm-chair, having been up very early in the morning at his good works, but softly as I entered the gnrrofc, he started up in a moment. tvjifit (juiuK uuih you vu got, jftrcme ! i said, as I stuck my dripping umbrella amongst the coals in the scuttle, for Archie hates untidiness, ' Aye,' he answered, ' ye had to be quick — and sure — in my business. it n ? _ ._ ji. . ? j__.i_ _v mi ' Always on tue waien — en r , ' Aye, it wants a man wi1 good nerves to makes a good i-obber. I've' seen many a big feller fair sick with fright. I've known 'em run at a sound — tho curs. I'vo near throttled a man for turnin' tail.' ' 'What a desperado !' ' But when it comes to dividing the booty — well, they sings another song then.' ' Why, Archie, whore did you get your courage from ? Your father or your mother ? Or both ?' ' My father, I suppoBO,'' said Archie; Thon, .to my astonishment, ho took up the poker and brandished it wildly through the air. I could just see tho outline of it against tho fading light. ' That's tho sort of man fathor was,' said Archie, putting tho instrument back in its proper place. 'Oh!' 'Aye.' ? . ; 'Was ho a robber, too, then ?' 'No, carman to a publican,' 'Drink?' ' Aye — and ho got a lot more nor ho ovor paid for, though tho best part of his wages wont in liquor, too. ' They was a nice lot, iirnt) win fnflirm a ffimili. * *r (4u Illy livuiiUJ, 13 iuuiii j t 'Indeed!' ' Well — fathor's brother was tho only ono of 'em I over seo. When ho lay dyin' spirits was tho only medicine he'd swallor. The voiy last words he was hoard to. ntter was — it was no moro nor a whisper : ' This is dammed bad whisky of Mrs. Mullens' — that's hor that kopt tho littlo shop at the Oloso Mouth, Doacou's close, in the Galligato, Glasgio. Thon ho topples ovor — dead. Tho very money that bought it was the proceeds of a robbery by his son, a lad of sixteen.' Then the old man laughed rather savagely, and began to ply tho poker again — now cracking a cobby bit of coal with a sharp, vengeful tap, now spitting a soft pieco fizzing noisily, then playing a sort or anvil chorus on on bars and hobs. , ' Ho got fifteon years over tho water, did that lad. He's a master baker in Forth, West , Australia, now, doin' woll, and much rospoc tod— unloss he's doad, it's a long whilo's since I heard from him.' Archie sat brooding in his chair for full five minutes, breathing Btortoriously. ? Thon, without lifting his head, ho began again : . , . ' Ono day fathor sont mo for a gill' of whisky, and when I como back with it ho told mo to put it into a glass. I did as ho bid mo, and says, ' Hero's your whisky,' fathor.'1 Snys ho, ' You're to drink it,' Says I, ' I am not able to driuk that stuff,' Then ho slappod me on tho facu, and said he'd break every bone i1 my body if I didn't sup it up. So I supped it up then and thero, andho says,.' Go and get a ponnorth of milk. I goos out, gots tho milk all right, but I'm only as far as tho Oloso Mouth, whon down I falls, milk and all — plump, slap-baug, and lies thero, dead drunk, till mother, oorain' homo from tho warohouso whoro she works, picks mo up.' Arohiogavo a doop grunt. Thoro is no other word' for it — a grunt full of feeling, though. A sardonic grunt, which meant, ' Thero, you can't make a silk purso out of a sow's ear,' Thou ho bbnt forward towards the lire.' In tho coals— sullen rod— no doubt ho is Avatohing fathor and mothor fighting thoir old battles in Deacion's-closo, Galligato, Glasgow. Aftor another pauso, ho bogan again. ' Father worked hard six days of tho wook, and whon suppor comes ho would havo his own suppor in a cook-shop, and then go to a whisky shop, whoro ho of ton spent tho wholo of his wook's earnings. ' On Sunday morning ho would como homo and bogin . knookiug my mother about, whobhor she asked him for monoy to buy broad with or whether sho didn't.' ' _ Another sardonic grunt, anoth or pauso, ' Ho ofton flogged mo t with tho whip ho boat his horses with. Sometimes ho mado mo sloop on tho coals, sometimes on tho door mat. Somotimos ho'd turn mo out altogothor. If mothor said nnything ho only , laughed, or if ho wore in a tompor ho'd larrup nor, and ourBO and swear, and smash everything in tho room. Ho was a vory bad man, was fabher.' Still anothor grunt, anothor pauso. 'One winter's night whon the1 snow was on tho ground ho lifts mo out of my bod by -tho hair of my head and lays me , naked on tho floor. I novor oripB, I novor moTosJ but whon ho woro asloop I puts on my olothos and skodaddlos. I novor soon fathor sineo. I. woro six years old at tho timo. Mothor ? Mothor toft himP' Him?- Ho diod drank a bit lator. Mothor paid for his fnnoral.' ' Though ho'd nearly killod hor ?' ' Ayo.' Archie sighod, groanod, liflod-up tho pokor again, and oraokod somo moro cobbly lumps of ooals. . 'A nice man I woron't ho?' ho mur mured. ' And whnt did you do, Aroluo?' . . 'Wont away fro' Doaoon's-closo, Qalligato, and arnod my own livin1,' 'How?' ' Beggiu'.' ' Oh lfl ' Ayo ! Ono day a kind lady stops mo in thosti'oot— [ lookoif so cold and raggod,' .' ' Wliat's your xiamo ?' says sho. ? ' ' Arohio,' sayH I. ' ' Havo you no pnronts ?' snys sho. ''Dead,1' says T. '? ' Would you liko somo warm olofchos r says sho, ?? ''Ayo!' says I ' ' And would you go to school ?' ''Ayo.' ' So slie takos mo to hor homo— a fair . palliw ib woro — scrubs mo, dries mo, clothes mo, foods mo. I didn't know mysol1. Oomos Suuday, sho takos mo to church with hor. I'd novor boon iiiHido ono boforo, I liked it, It was .ho wnrm nnd bomfortablo, Thon I falls fast asloop. I woro awoko with tho sound of monoy. ' Hollo !'? Bays I, ' this ih a quoor shop— what^do thoy want w monoy n a ohuvoh ?' . „*—,.._ ._.. ^— ? ? - ? ^~^--*- ' I watches tho gentlemen walkin' up and down collectin' it into big velvet bags stuck, at tho end of a rod, I'd never seen so much money in my life, Never. Copper, silver — my kind lady, I seo her drop gold into it, I couldn't make it out at all . But soon tho gentle men walks uu altogether and nours it nil inf,n I CJ ? ? J ? ' ? — ? a groat box with somo letters painted on it. I couldn't road 'em though. I was more puzzled than over. ' When wo gots out I asks tho lady. ' ' It's for tho poor, Archie,' says she. ' ' For the poor, is it?' says I. ' ' What, for the likes of me ?' ' 'Yes, Archio,' says sho. # # #' # . *? # ' It wan on my mind all day. I couldn't think of nothing else. # * # # * # ' When' I gots to bod at night I couldn't' sleep. No. All I could think of waB tho monoy in tho big black box — for tho poor — ? For folks lilrn run. Nn. T nnnlrin't. kIooii T rises vei'y quiet. I drosses vory quiet in my new clothes. I takes my boots in my hand. Down I goes. There was a box o' tools I'd scon in the garden. I gnts a couple of chisels and a saw and fit,es. Ghosts ? Mo ? No fear ! I cared for nowt. I breaks a winder. I creeps in. Ghosts ? No, I tolls yo. I woro thinkin' of the monov for folk liko mo. The lock ou tho big box weren't worth talkin' of. Snap ! and it wore off. 'Three pund fifteen (shilling nnd a pocket full of copper. ? , ##?#### ' I wero soon Avitl) my friends — a nico family they was — father a thief, old woman a thief, three soijs thieves, daughter, a , thief. I'd lived with 'cm since my fathor turned mo out o1 doors. ' I wero vory proud whon I hands 'om tho monoy. ''What! rob a, church?' says my now father, when I tolls him. He soomecl to bo skeored liko. it. It's ours. Oh ! I know it — it's on tho big box — for tho poor — for tho likes of us.' Thoy told me so.' So he takes it, and wo has a ioliification. / # - * # # * ? * # ? ' That was how I cracked my crib — my first,' said Aiohie, grimly. And down came the pokor on the poor coals —CRASH! 