BULLI Al^D WOONONA NEWS. I TOULTRY riGEON AND D'G SOCIETY. A general meeting of members was held at (??harp'.cs's Royril Hotel on Friday night last, at which there was a good attendance, Mr. G. Henderson (presi dent) presiding. — Correspondence inward included letters fr .ni Mr. P. J. Ch' tll is, complying with the rr quest to neb as judge in the pigeon Bectioti ; from secio IftfV TCinma anniofr.tr --a coming show ; from Gilts and Wilson, Sydney, offering a special prize of 21s for most points gained in district classes ; from Department of Mines and Agri culture, re subsidy to society (through Mr. J. B. Nicholson, M.P.), stat nj that a sum of £25 would be placed upon the estimates in ncoordance with the request of that gentleman j'from Mr. M'Birron (treasurer), resigning his position in consequence of his departure frotn the district,— A vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Nicholson for tho interest evinced by him in the eoc:ety, and for obtaining a special grant from the Government. — On the motion of Mr Rowling, seconded by Mr. M'Barron, a vote of thank? was tendered Messrs. Giles and Wilson for thoir generous offer of special prize. The secretary reported work of collectors for week, which was considered satisfac tory. Mr. Attwater was elected trea surer in lieu of Mr. M'Barron, (resigned). A vote of thanks was tendered the latter gentleman for past services ? .Mr M'Rflffftn flfl fU n fftlnl n mnil n 4 of special prize money so far collected was £20 10s ; total number paid-up members, 37, — The appointment of a judge for the dog section was left to the recommendation of Mr. Gray, Sydney. — Messrs. Attwater and J. Farrell were elected stewards in the canary section, and Mr. Dickson in the dog section. — Mr. Ayres' offer to arrange entertain ments on nights of show was accepted with thanks. promotion. Mr. H. M'Barron, opera'or at the Railway Pest and Telegr.iph Office, has, we understand, received intelligence of his promotion to the position of postmaster of the North Broken Hill office. During his residence here Mr. M'Barron has proved himself a worthy, and capable officer tind most obliging in his official opacity, and has won the respect of the entire community. It is hoped that he may win for himself a similar distinction in his new abode. . . A GHOST. For some time past rumors have been afloat of the existence of a ghost in the Old Bulli mine. It appears that upon entrance to a certain portion of the works a light can be distinctly seen about 3ft. from the ground, which dis- appears on approach. The mystery has been inspected by many who disbelieved the reports and have seen for themselves. Investigation of the surroundings has, however, failed to reveal the cause of the light. The skip rider has resigned his position, and other officials will not visit that portion of the mine unaccompanied. ! police court. George Johnstone and John Martin, charged with larceny from Rookwood on the 21st. inst., were arrested here by Constable Dimond on Saturday. They were brought before the Court yesterday and remanded to Parramatta to be dealt with. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE. A man named Bartley, a miner em ployed at Mount Pleasant Colliery, attempted to commit suicide on Sunday at his home at Austinmer. He inflicted a very sevrre wound with a razor, and was conveyed to the Bulli Hospital. TTnnPR nra nrifcArtainprl nf li?a r pp.nvprr. ? r — — . ? ? — ? ? ? — j ? ' ACCrDKNT. Miss Phyllis Tindall experienced a nasty accident on Saturday morning. She was on her way to Wollongong in company with- her sister, who, when opposite the Russell Yale gites, alighted from the bnggy. A few seconds after' wards the horse's winkers slipped off, and the animal, becoming ^frightened, started off at a gallop. Miss Tindall haring no control over the run-away, and realising her danger, jumped out and fell on her back upon the hard road. She sustained a very severe shock and several nasty bruises, but fortunately no bones were broken. . She was conveyed to Russell Yale and thence to her homp, where she was attended by Dr. Camming. The horse continued its career as far as Corrimal school, the vehicle at last being capsized and considerably damaged. 