"THE SIGN OF THE CROSS." TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — Mr. E. Lewis Scott stoops to that poor method of argument, viz., personal ridicule. Such a method does not injure me, or neutralise my arguments, but It exhibits bis want of patience, and Indicates the weakness of his own side. I have no desire to treat him In this way. I glvo him the credit of being what he professes to bo, an actor and author who Btrlves to maintain tho purest and noblest ideal of stage produc tions. Let us be honest with each other. The chief difference between us Is— as to what constitutes a real Christian. I could not accept his defini tion; he could not accept mine; therefore, it is very unlikely that ho and I will either agree or convince eaoh other whllo our views of Christi anity are so widely divergent. He is right from bis standpoint. If I accept his premises I must arrive at his conclusions; if he believed as I now do, bo could not write as he has done. I admit that there is a small percentage of players and authors whom wo can respect, for thoy are scrupulous about their reputation and their moral character. I have no reason to think that Mr. E. Lewis Scott, Mr. Julius Knight, and Miss Fcrrar do not belong to that class. But such as they cannot stem the tide of Iniquity that flows from the great majority of stage per- fornpances. Neither are the play producers al ways to blame for this. If the auditorium is constantly filled with such classes as the scep tical, profane, drunken, and licentious, and these are ready to give their money to a management that Is willing to supply their morbid tastes, the temptation Is certain to be too great for unre- gencrate human nature. Then, take tho verdict of the threatricais them selves on this point. In this matter they are not hypocritical. The great majority of them mako no pretence to be religious. If they at tend churches to sing In church choirs, 110 one concludes on that account tbat thoy are religious. Many of them would deem it an insult to be considered such. Take tho morality of most of tho strolling players that visit our country towns, ask the business people what'' they think of them, and how far they would trust thein, and listen to the answer. Consider again the many rumors of jealousy, scandal, aud divorce that so frequently, hover around this particular profession. But Mr. Scott and I are Irreconcilable on the question of what a Christian ought to be. I go to Christ and the Bible for my ideal of a Christian; but I do not know where my opponent gets his ideal. By a letter of his on the appoint ment of a minister to St. Mark's, I conclude his conception Is in agreement with what obtains In that church, and will be In opposition to what Is known as evangelical Christianity. If this surmise Is correct, Mr. Scott's Christian has his devotion stimulated by a Sunday "performance," whore music, vestments, symbols, ornamentation, and ceremonies aro a greater attraction than the Christ of the Gospels. Have I guessed wrongly If I say his Christian can be a patron of tbe theatre, racecourse, ballroom, can gamble, and drink pretty freely, and yet be eligible for Church office, and may remain a communicant? Am I mistaken If I say Ills Christian holds very "li beral" views of such doctrines as the Inspiration of the Bible and eternal punishment? Have I been misled if I think that his Christian look3 upon the evangelical kind as a Pharisee, a sancti monious hypocrite, a canting bigot? Does his Christian ever speak of tho Reformation of the sixteenth century as a mistake, and of Puritan Covenanters and such like as fanatics or fools? Thou, for very good reasons, he and I must con tinue to differ. The evangelical Christian takes Christ as Ills model, the apostles aud the martyrs as examples, the Bible as his guide. He can like the Christian Miss Ferrar represents worship God in the cata combs of Rome, thinks 110 service "dull" whore Christ Is, would be annoyed with tlie tawdry paraphernalia of an ornamental service that would only draw away his tnlnd from Christ. In be coming like Christ he becomes unlike the world. He- does not receive regonerat'en In baptism, hut by tho direct agency of tho Holy Ghost, when tho conditions of repentance, faith, and submis sion to God qualify blni for that change. Ho is not kept in a statu of salvation by frequent repetitions of early communion, but by the power of God, which acts upon him as persistently and as constantly as gravitation draws material things towards the centre of our earth. He not only outwardly conforms to the law of God, but he Is careful tbat liis thoughts, desires, motives, aud Intentions are as pure as his outward conduct ought to be. He knows well that lie Is called "narrow" because of the self-denial that he prac tises, but be feels he 1b more than compensated by tho thought that "narrow Is the way that leadeth unto life." Ho could not kneel down and pray "lead ub not into temptation," and Ihen seek his enjoyment in the personal attractions of semi-nqflp actresses and theatrical high- kickers. If be WPRt f.o see "The Sign of the Cross" It would not he to learn how to be a Christian. lie might go as a critic, but npt foi its pleasures. When he saw it he would see but an artist's conception drawn from the history, pictures, and customs of that early timo. He would see the absurdities and incongruities of this Christlan-oum-paggn love story, with Its Jokes thrown In to keep it from being too solemn. He would see that those who played or listened to the part which Mercla takes would not do as she Is supposed to do, die for Christ. lie would see that this play, though a great advance In decency on most others, Is well adapted to iliti educe new recruits to "the broad way that Jeadeth to destruction." He would see that the devil has a large reserve of both ingenuity and effrontery when the persecution of ancient Christians ean be made a "drew" as an enter tainment for motlerp Christians. It seems plausible to the superficial thinker tbat Christians should patronise good plays to make them popular, and in thiB way reform the stage. If one with clear water fills to the brlni a tank already half filled with muddy water, anci then samples the water, It will certainly show an Improved appearance, but tho mud Is still there, It has niBJDl.y been diluted, and the pure water has become fogl. When actors, actresses, and play lovers are truly gppycrted, as they often are they never think of maintaining any further connection witn ire tneatro. — rours, etc., . GUSTAVUS THOMPSON. 