Ä Sydney Miracle. INVESTIGATION BY A REPORTER, 1 ' THE-INTERESTING CASE. OF MR. THOMAS JARVIS, WHO SAYS' THAT A FEW WEEKS AGO -HE -WAS" GMPPLED-pARTrA-LLY, ! .. PARALYSED,' SUFFERING- FROM LOCO; MOTOR -ATAXIA, AND HELPLESS. ' DOC . ' TORS, " .> HOSPITAL" - AUTHORITIES,,. AftD r;'",''i.fiVERY.-'ÖNE-'SAliy HE MUST DIE AS HIS : ?? ' CASE WAS HOPELESS. BUT THEY iv; iWERE MISTAKEN; ' TO-DAY HE' IS'A . ' 'NEWSMAN; FÜLL' OF' LIFE ? AND' ENER- .. ' .' ' GY, HIS CRUTCHES HE HAS THROWN .AWAY, HIS DEAD LIMBS HAVE LIFE, -HIS ' APPETITE HAS RETURNED, AND, "IN FACT, HE HAS A NEW LEASE OF. LIFE OUT AND OUT. " . . . j So much interest has been! shown by our readers in this marvellous case .that we. have I published the facts again as they appeared ; in. i the "Australian Workman" a few weeks ago: One afternoon our representative made his way ? to the home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Cro'wn I lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a j twocyear-old baby, and .his face declared him. to I be one of the hàppiest men in .Sydney. He was up and about, and able' to answer the knock at i the. door. - _ . j In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: i "You want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you.. - The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." .'. . . .. ' ; "How long were you suffering?" - ;-. "Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I I had to leave off work, and I have .done nothing ¡ since then. About Ave years ago, next Christ ! mas; I met with an accident. I was badly scald ed while taking .a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I had been in falling health, and after four years of gradual development, bf the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." ~ > "What were the symptoms?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They , were just about as much as I could bear. They were'for all the world like as if a saw. were cutting my bones in two in every part of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was ince'ssantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. However, ho gave me an order to the Di rector of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of the order?" " , "No; I came home and went tareel, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five .weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give'up the ghost. My- doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weekes. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from loco-» motor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by pe culiar disturbances,, ot gait and difficulty in co ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last.for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs." (Just then the patient kicked, bis legs about with energy ito show that médical opinion is nqt infallible.)' ''.Well, just as a drowning man \yilVgräsp atia straw, I grasped at án idea conveyed Jjy the aii¿ vertisemut describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the 'Australian Workman,' by. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read-in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a . trial anyway, and sent for a box. .Thè effect was as marvellous as-it was magical.» I|was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was. the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I immediately left the bed, and was' able '.tb. move about. I have taken four boxes of jPluk Pills during, the,past four weeks,''andSamWQjv'/ taking the fifth /box. Ï can walktabout; with the aid of :à. 'tick, and am gradually, but..surely\ . recovering my;: former vigor and vitality. ^;-ydu vsee those crutches here? They were'made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pinl<::Pilís>%bjjt^Í . was too weak ito Use them, and now :Kâôn't; Waût Jihem. All I want is this stickt and i'hope.«b.on';. io do without it. You see I am rapidly regain-.' ing my strength." : .l.^ ,: . .. "He is 100 per cent. better';fi;ikiâ'".Mrs;''JarYls,''-'; who had come in and taken the baby oh' her knees. "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his lifeAand made another man of him." ;:'^.' A friend, who called in at this-point, said that Jarvis* looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. ; .': . ;>- .. ': -./ ' " "I can now," continued'Jarvis, ."have a cold bath; -'and'/ali' the fellngvJiás-''cónié':-.pátÍcvliixíhy / legs, If I keep on . going thc way T am, I 'hopé to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength tb work "at tbat " trade, , T. am better ' to-day than I.<n"ave beens át any Hine '? ;during- the past five years.' I ascribe «ii the . change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They havel saved my life.' I am in no pain now whatever, andi feel like a new man. On the.mantelpiece there, is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave nié to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I ho' longer need thom. Everybody . who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They cari., hardly believe their eyes. ;. My being abput again ha's caused quite a sensation out here;"' ': V Such is the remarkable, history, and confirms what is said.' in all the. chièf Newspapers "bf this country of the astonishing cures trough t by 'Dr. Williams' Pink.Pills for. Pale People. They, cure' locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal di sease, also the many'disorders which arise from an impoverished state bf \ the-"blood, such ; as anaemia, pale . and sallow complexion,gene'raj muscular weakness; Indigestion,.loss of appetite* shortness of breath, pains in-the:, back; nervous headache, &c.; :. V i These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with the full name, Dr. Wil liams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and are sold by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Queen's Place, Sydney, will forward on receipt of stamps or post order one box "for 2s Dd, or half-dozen for 1-ls 9d-o. - ; . -The exemption question in West Australia, com bined with warnings from sojourners there, has had the effect of causing a falling off lu the exodus frwrj Newcastle, ">. 