AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. »' A m»i» on hts tri.il for murder, ill New York, was successfully defeudod by his counsel iu the following grandiloquent speech . Gentlemen of the jury, .* Thou sbalfc not kill/ Now, if you hung my clieut, you trans gress *be command us slick as grease, and as plump H8 a goose's egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, wtether coin* mitted by twelve jurymen or an bumble indiv idual liuti my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the tact of my client having killed a mau. No such thing, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner iu guilty, tho haugmuu may do bia duty-but will that excuse you ? No ; in that case you will be murderers. Who among yuti is prepared for the braud of Cain to be stamped on his brow to-day ?-who, freemeu ?-who in this land of libeity nnd light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my own word not one of you has a bowie knife. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the f anion of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke tho tobacco of r< ctitude iu the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hung my un fortunate client and the scaly alligators of re worse will gallop through the internal principle*; of our animal viscera until the spinal vertebraO of your anatomical construction is turned iuto a gigantic railroad lor the grim and gory yoblios of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder ! Beware, 1 say, of meddling with the Internal Prerogative ! Gentlemen, 1 adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity* to do no murder. I adjure you by the name of. wonnui, the maiiiBpriug of tbe ticking timepieot.* of time's theoretical transmigration, to do :w murder,! adjure you by the American Kagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of crea tion, and is now roosting in the magnetic tele graph of time's illustiiuus transmigration, to do no murder ! And, lustly, if ycu ever expect free dogs uot to bark at you, if you ever ex pect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Uooky Mouutain buffalo, and, to *uin up all, if you nver expect to be anything but sueakmg law-Hung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down iuto indistinctibility, acquit my client, aud save your country. The prisoner was ncquitted. 