Circuit Racing. A SUGGESTION. ? W In the annual report for the last season, the chairman, voicing the opinions of the members of the A.J.C. committee, stated that the governing body ' recognise that turf interests have been and are suffering from excessive racing, and repeat the regret previously expressed that Bome greater limitation is not placed upon it, but that j their power m that respect is restricted by the monetary interests involved in the numerous proprietary courses, which have, unfortunately, come into existence.' The admission is one that does not redound to the credit of the governing body, inasmuch as the control of turf affairs in this province was assumed long before the inauguration of proprietary racing in the metro politan district, and since then the A.J.C. committee have granted registration to each proprietary institution on application, apparently oblivious to the obvious fact that every additional club registered meant a corresponding increase in racing. Primarily, the A.J.C. is responsible for the very state of things to which the quoted section of the report refers, and, having raised the ghost, the governing body now finds it im possible to lay the spectre — owing 41 to the mone tary interests involved.' The effects of the undueincrease of racing in the metropolitan district has, as has been frequently pointed out in these columns, had a most dis astrous bearing on the national sport in the country. The attractions of racing every week within a radius of 20 miles proved such a strong inducement to country owners of racehorses that soon after proprietary racing got into full swing in the vicinity of Sydney everything with any pretension to ' form ' gravitated to the capital, and sport in the country languished accoidingly. The 'Wagga Cup of S00 sovs. is now but a memory, and similarly the valuable prizes which attracted horses from all parts of the province to Bat.hurat, G-oulburn, Dubbo, Mudgee, Glen Innes, Armidale, and other im portant centres are things of the past. Having practically admitted chat their powers of restriction are hampered by vested interests, the A.J.C. committee does not suggest any remedy for the evil of over racing, which they recognise and evidently deplore ; consequently, if remedial measures are to be intiodueed the country dubs must inaugurate them. If it should be necessary to bring in the aid of legislation, the members of provincial racing institutions should have a deal to say in the matter through their representatives in Parliament ; but in the meantime a great deal might be done towards reform if co-operative action were taken by those immediately interested in the success of up-oountry sport. What appears to be the best method of accomplishing that object is the formation of racing circuits, by means of which the haphazard style now. in vogue would give . place to concerted -action, and the sport would be conducted throughout the province on systematic lines, beneficial alike to owners of racehorses and racing olubs. That could be accomplished by dividing the colony into three circuits through which the main lineB of railway run, and to be known as the northern, western, and southern circuits. Delegates from the different clubs in each district could meet annually for the purpose of drafting the pro gramme- for the season, on such lines as would ensure the best results. At present there is very little encouragement for metropolitan horses to take part in country racing owing to the expense of travelling to isolated meetings, but if country fixtures were so arranged that horses could travel by easy stages from one meeting to another, and with good prospects of paying their way, many of the owners that now confine their attention to suburban racing centres would eagerly seize the opportunity to try their luck in the country. Take, for instance, tbe northern district. The expenses of visiting Tamworth or Armidale with a racehorse would, roughly speaking, amount to JB20 or £25. Should the horse, owing te want of condition or lack of class, be unsuccess ful, the owner must return to headquarters to recoup the heavy expenditure incurred by the trip, whereas, under a well- arranged circuit system, by which a start could be made at Newcastle, with fixtures at Maitland, Singleton, Muswellbrook, Murrurundi, Quirindi, Tamworth, Walcha, Uralla, Armidale, G-len Innes, Tenterfield, Inverell, Narrabri, Moree, and other important centres to follow consecutively and at convenient dates, many chances would be afforded to secure payable results, while avoiding the heavy expendi ture -of long journeys to isolated meetings. The same argument applies to the southern and western circuits. Some years ago an effort in the direction out lined above was made in the southern district, with Wagga as headquarters, but, owing to the limited scope of operations, it did not prove successful, and after a short trial was abandoned. / * In Queensland, -the circuit isyetem was in vogue when racing in the northern ^colony was at its best. Hie fixtures used to be so arranged that after the Q.T.C. Autumn Meeting in April, those of Warwick, Toowoomba, and Ipswich followed in succession, and then came the northern tour commencing at Gympie, and on through Mary borough, Bundaberg, Rockhampton, Maokay, and : Townsville, thence for a grand windup at Charters Towers in the middle of July, preparatory to : coming south for the Spring campaign. Then it paid to take a good horse on circuit, and at the time mentioned such performers as Ellington, Elsinore, My Love, Glencoe, Medusa, Ben Bolt, Honest Ned, Lyndhurst, Laurustina, Theorist, Megaphone, Pirate, Greywing, Lagrange, and many others of that class were measuring strides on the north coast tracks. Since then the northern clubs have drifted into a similar slipshod fashion to that in vogue in this province, and with the same depressing results. Such a combination as we have outlined would, we feel assured, raise count rv racing to its proper status. A council, the duties of whioh would be to conserve the interests of up-country sport, could be formed by delegates from each circuit ; each circuit or association to employ the services of a capable handicapper, and suoh other officers as may be necessary to keep up the standard of the national sport. The present state of affairs as alluded to in the annual report of the A.J.C. demands the earnest consideration of all who take an interest in turf pursuits, and the subject is one that might with profit engage the attention of up-country sportH mea who will have the opportunity of exchanging ideas during the currency of the A.J.C. Spring Meeting. 