[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS.] THE GRINDING MILLS OF GOD, By RITA. Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "A Woman In It." "A Husband of No Importance," "Joan and Mrs. Carr," "Sheba," &c.;, &c.; [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER XXXIII.—(Continued.) DEBBIE was sitting up in an easy chair, wrapped in her dressing-gown of olive green cashmere, with a thick, black cord girdle; a gown in which I always thought she looked like a Lady Superior. I am sure, if ever Debbie founds a home or retreat or any- thing of that sort, she will dress like that, in loose, swooping gowns, with a rope or cord confining the waist. In nothing does she look so well and so majestic. She did not immediately answer, but her melancholy glance followed mine. 'The last night,' she said, at last. Then she looked at me long and thought- fully. 'Nell,' she said, 'have you considered what we are to do? What it is our duty to do?' A cold shiver ran through me. 'Oh, Debbie,' I cried, 'don't tell me that you think we ought to accuse him. Have we proof? Have we anything really to justify us? It is such a terrible, terrible thing to say of anyone, and once said we must abide by it.' 'It was a more terrible thing to do,' she answered. 'And once done, he must abide by the consequences of his deed.' I was silent, looking helplessly at her as the stronger power, and awaiting her decision. 'Have you read it carefully?' I asked, glancing at the diary, which I had left with her that afternoon. 'Every word. Most carefully. It is my belief that he drugged us both on that fatal night; but you, if you remember, only took half the coffee he gave you; you spilt it, fortunately for yourself. The symptoms you describe are almost identical with those you experienced after drinking some of her claret. The brain awakes, but the body is like a helpless log. I can't think what it is he uses. Could I have slept as I did—I, whom the least noise will waken—if he had not given me something?' 'But if an inquiry took place the doctor would say that was the fever coming on,' I suggested. She shook her head. 'Those symptoms are not the symp- toms of fever. One is restless, sleepless, incoherent, the temperature rises rapidly. No, Nell, I am as certain as that I now speak to you that the coffee was drugged.' 'There is one thing we could do,' I said quickly. 'Have up Bridget, and question her as to whether her master tampered with the coffee that night.' 'You are right,' said Debbie, eagerly. 'Have her up at once. And, Nell, go you over to the window there, and make a note of what she says. It will not do to trust to memory now. Here, take your diary and write my questions and her replies.' I summoned Bridget, and she came up smiling, and dirty, and untidy, as usual. Debbie spoke a few gracious words to her, told her we were leaving to-morrow, and presented her with half- a-sovereign in our joint names. Her gratitude took the form of many bless- ings and rapturous thanks. From my place on the low bare window-seat I heard all, and noted Debbie's skilful questioning, and listened, half-amused, at her efforts to keep the girl on the one track, for it is an impossibility for an Irish person to tell you a story without circumlocution of divers kinds, and a tribute to the genealogical virtues of every family whose name is brought into the matter. My notes, detached from the circum- locution, ran as follows:— Deb: 'Do you remember, Bridget, the evening your mistress died, when we were all downstairs in the dining- room?' Bridget: 'Remember, is it, miss? Shure an' I do. Iverything that hap- pened is just as clear as print in me memory; an' the ghost, too—for 'twas a ghost as sure as me two eyes iver see out of me head—an' Moll Duggan— well, she knows av it, an' that Katey, poor girl—Kathleen was her name, miss, an' as fine a girl as you'd wish to see— oh, a lovely girl she was——' Deb: 'Yes, yes, Bridget. I know all that, but what I want to ask you is, do you remember making coffee for us, and bringing it into the room after supper ?' Bridget: 'I do, miss, but savin' your presince, I wouldn't tell ye a bit av a lie this same blessid night. 'Twasn't me as made it, miss. Not likely, faith! The likes av me handlin' the beautiful silver coffee pot. Ah, no, the master, he comes out, an' sez he to me he was most particular, an' did the kittle boil, that was afore supper, miss, an he axes me to give him a jug, and the coffee grounds.' Deb: 'You mean the coffee itself?' Bridget: 'Well, shure, that's the same thing, miss. Grounds it is, an' a plinty av thim there was too, for didn't I throw thim into the bucket wid ino own two hands?' Deb: 'Then your master made the coffee that night?' Bridget: 'He put thim grounds into the jug, miss, an' I poured the boiling water on it, an' sez he, 'Fetch me an egg to clear it,' and shure I did, Miss. An' he stood the jug on the stove, an' tells me I'm to bring it in whin he rings, afther supper. An' indade it 'twas a mighty fuss, for he had the cups set out in the pantry, an' tould me to pour the coffee into thim the minnit as I heard the bell, an' bring 'em in on the silver tray, jist as they were.' Deborah: 'You didn't take any of the coffee yourself, Bridget, I suppose?' Bridget: 'No, miss, I did not. An' it had been tay, now, I would not have minded a dhrop; but I'm not used to the coffee, miss, an' I don't ever drink it.' Deborah looked at me, and I at her. Then we dismissed Bridget Lehane. 'What do you think now?' asked Debbie, as the door closed. 'The coffee was splendidly prepared. You remember how strong it was; and the cups set out by himself. In one or other he put his vile drugs. We each had a different coloured cup. I re- member noticing that most particularly. You upset his calculations by upsetting yours. Mrs. Langrishe drank all hers.' 'And you think——?' 'I think hers contained poison, and that we were intended to sleep too soundly to hear her cries of pain or fear. His plan succeeded with me, but not with you. You woke, and that sound you heard, Nell, was no fancy. It is my belief that if Mary Langrishe's body was exhumed now there would not be a trace of either food or poison in the stomach. He used that machine in order to destroy all evidence.' 'But he called, in another doctor. You know the gardener was sent off at daybreak.' 'Yes, but she was almost dead then, and he timed that message, knowing it would arrive too late. . . . Nell, a word, a hint from us, and that body would have to be exhumed, and James Langrishe would stand convicted by his own over-caution.' I shuddered. 'Remember,' I said, and I held the book towards her, 'Remember that even here I am not sure. I thought I heard that sound, but I felt as if I were in the agonies of a nightmare. ' She looked at me steadily. 'You will not be a reliable witness, Nell,' she said. 'But, reliable or not, the day will come when, as surely as I now speak, Fate will make us the in- struments of James Langrishe's doom. We need not stir hand or foot. We need not raise a whisper of our suspi- cions. We may lock these books, and put them aside and try to forget we ever wrote one word of the tragedy they hold, but no lock will close them. No will or wish of ours can lay the seal of eternal secrecy on this murdered woman's grave.' I was silent. She held out her hand suddenly and took the book, then gave it back, and pointed to the pens and ink on the table by her side. 'Write down that,' she said, and in silence I obeyed. 'Now,' she said, 'put your journal away, Nell, as I will put mine. They have served their purpose. We need them no more. It remains to be seen whether Fate will make them its instru- ments in the future.' 'And you will say nothing?' I asked eagerly. Her eyes were gazing straight before her, with that strange inscrutable look I had seen but once before. 'I will say nothing till the time comes, till his own folly works out his own fate.' [End of Nell's Diary.] CHAPTER XXXIV. THE STORY TELLS ITSELF. Foreign travel is no doubt a very delightful and very exhilarating thing, but scenery cannot cure a heartache, and even to the fairest and most enchant- ing spot we can only carry our own burdens, only see it through our own sorrowful eyes. Dick Barrymore was saying something of this sort to himself as he trod the tourists' beaten track from Lucerne to St. Moritz. It was all grand and beautiful and worthy the praise of poet and pen, but he wanted someone to be beside him in the mountain passes; in the glow of an Alpine sunset, in the wondrous splendour of an Alpine dawn. Someone! Only a little girl. Nothing very beautiful, or clever, or wonderful. Just a little, blue-eyed, mocking, tanta- lising girl, and then the face of the whole world would be changed, and life would be free of torment. He wondered what she was doing, where she went, whom she saw, or coquetted with in that, demure, half - conscious, wholly sweet manner of hers. He envied dark-browed "Dr. Fell," as he still called him. He felt a twinge of jealousy at the thought of "barracks," a suggestion Deborah Gray had let fall. The thought of red-coated rivals was not pleasant, and the snow-clad mountains took a sanguinary hue to match his jealous thoughts. He could have blessed his uncle when, one September day, he declared he had had enough of Swiss guides, Swiss scenery, and Swiss prices, and would go straight back to England. England meant within hearing dis- tance, at least, of his wilful little sweet heart, for so he called her in his own heart. They arrived in London at night, and the very next day he went to the hospital with a note for Deborah Gray, to beg her to let him know when she would be off duty and could see him. The answer brought completely upset all his calculations: 'Nurse Gray was not in the hospital. She had left last month.' He then asked to see the matron, and the halo of the "Romance" being still about his name and his memory, he was speedily favoured with an interview. From her he learnt that Deborah Gray had been suddenly sent for to Ireland on account of the dangerous illness of a friend. She had left on August 6, and they had heard no word of her since. Dick felt his heart stand still as he heard these words, 'Telegraphed for to Ireland.' They could but mean one thing. Nell . . . Nell must have been taken ill and sent for her, and that was more than a month ago. Ill, dying perhaps, and he had been idling his time among those Swiss moun- tains, listening to tourists' raptures, and trying to believe he was enjoying him- self. He asked a few brief questions, but only succeeded in ascertaining that it was to Youghal, county Cork, Deborah had gone. She had given no address, and no one in the hospital had had any news of her from the hour she left. He tried to preserve some remnant of self-command, and took his leave with outward composure, but once out of the hospital precincts, he sprang into a hansom, dashed back to the hotel, and informed his uncle that he intended starting for Ireland by the night mail to discover what had happened to the two nurses. Geoffrey Masterman waited until his nephew had walked and talked off some of his agitation. Then he said, 'Look here, boy, if you do this you make it appear that your interest in this girl is something quite out of the common. It is none of your business to follow up Miss Gray, or to fancy that she is with her friend. It might be someone else she has gone to nurse, the doctor's wife, perhaps. Don't you think it will look a bit odd, if you rush off demanding to know why she is stav- ing there?' But Dick was beyond reasoning, beyond arguing, beyond anything, but just that frantic longing to know what had happened to Nell. Why his letters had been unanswered. What was detaining Deborah Gray in Ireland? In the end, Geoffrey Masterman came to the conclusion that it was better to see him through his phase of madness than to combat it; and, grumbling audibly at the follies of youth, he had his own Gladstone packed, and declared himself ready for Holyhead and Dublin that evening. That journey seemed endless to poor Dick. There were new lines on his brow, and not a few silver threads among his fair locks, before he reached Youghal. His uncle stayed behind at Cork, declaring he would not be rushed from train to train in this headlong fashion. Once at Youghal, the young man took the inevitable car and desired to be driven "Dr. Langrishe's house." He knew no other address. The man drove off, but as they were trotting along he com- menced to talk to his fare. 'Beggin' yer honour's pardon, is it the doctor yer wantin', for he's not there at all. It's to London he sez he, went after the funeral. 'The funeral!' gasped Dick, and his hand clutched the side rail of the car. 'Whose? What? Whose was it?' [TO BE CONTINUED.] 