GRANNY'S GHOST, It was in Milltown, this haunted bouse of which I write, and, as is usual in such eases, the occupants were ill at eaee. It was annoying, to say the least, to Lear that ghostly recking, rocking to and fro in midnight hours, when the slightest sound nreumcd startling proportions. Squire Elkins had bought the place at a bargain—or eo it seemed ; but ft he bad known it was haunted he would not have taken it at any pricp. Not that he wa» nervous or believed in ghosts ; but it was " dcuc<>dly uncomfortable," he said, to be roused fiom slumber half a dozen times iu a night with Ihe information that somebody was rocking the big armchair. *" Well, let 'em rock," he growled. " I don't want to." *• Yes ; but Harvey, what is it F " " I don't know and dou't carc. Go to sleep, Sarah." And t^srah tried—perhaps the succteded ; but when that mj- steiiou; rocking began again the sceac wxs repiatc 1, until in di«peratiou the squire would go ti tke Urge apartment which anssp-ercd-for ki:cben wd dmiixj.-room. It wu very comfortable there. A big rocking-chair occupied the cozy corner between tho hearth and the pantry door. Upon a smtJl stand were the evening papers and a lamp. Just opposite was Sarah's lew chair, in which eh»wns wout to rock and knit. But why the roc-king should continue after the occupants of the chairs were iu bed was a matter that puzzled and alarmed her. Oaly lately had she heard the sound, but she was sure ber ears did not deceive her. The squire did not tell her upon his return from the investigating tours which 6he forced him to make that the big chair was swaying back and fonth as if recently vacated. 1 4 Some natural cause for it; hut I'll be confounded if I see just what." he muttered, thr-n unblushingly declared to his wife that not a thing was standing, not even a mouse. When she began to talk of ghasta he ridiculed the id<a, yet wondered the while why the pl&Cft; was sold so cheaply. To be Hire the house was samewkat out of repair but paint and plaster would soon remedy that; the land was good and well located ; if there should be . such a thing as a house being haunted, that would account. *' But, pshaw ! then: are no ghosts," he mentally exeliimed; and be dismissed tbe matter from Ins mind and slept the sleep of tbe just. Not so poor Sarah. When the idea had once possessed her mind she cosld not get rid «f it. She began to make cautious inquiries of the neighbours conetming the former owner and his family. She learned that Mr. Harris had been a widower with several children. A servant girl and his helpless old mother completed the family. *' When she died he sold out and moved •way. The bouse doesn't look the same without tiie old lady She al trays sat in that corner and rocked. I can fust ehutmjejes and see her now." Thus the voluble neighbour chatted on, unmindful of the horrible certainty that took possession of Hp. Klkins. " I fust know it, Harvey. " The house is actually haunted," sho aid to her husband that night, in a terrified whisper. " It's old Granny Harris's ghost rocking in your big chair. Whatever shall we do P" " Do nothing," snapped the Squire, to whom the subject had become ah exasperating one. " The old woman is welcome to cock all night, just so she don't dispute my claim to the chair before bedtime." " Oh, Harvey, how esn you talk so P I would not sit in that chair for the world." " The old woman, Harvey 1 She's rocking 1 I can't stand IV *' Confound tbe old woman—and yon, too ! I. ever heard of a more peaoeablfe ghost. What would you do with one that wandered around in a winding eheet, with fiery eyes and sulphurous breath?" Poor Sarah cowered beneath the bedclothes while ber husband resumed his snoring—a sound much more formidable than the mjraterious rocking. . . (Squire Elkfns was not a and man/but he knaw little about nerves, and had not the least .sympathy for bis timid wife. Nothing bat bodily Ottgw <phld alarm him. ^JBinrkr. ttttllmd fw Cynthia ? I'm really ill," said Sarah one morning after a night of almost incessant rocking. ' " Why, of courae, if you want to ; but not a word otxmt ghosts to her.*" Cynthia was hermaiden^ister; wto lived piih tUeir i>rother" 3o!bn, hi 'Newton. She came at onco.; • * " Well, Sarah, you do look bad, for a fact." was the sympathetic spinster's greeting. "But I'll chirk youup a bit. I brought some Bassafras acd camomile and lady's slipper with me." The day passed pleasantly enough, and at nine o'clock all was as quiet as usual. Cynthia slept just across the hall from her brother aud bis wife. There was onlv a partition between the bedrooms and the kitchen, though both doors opened into tbe hall. ' Sarah," called Cynthia, an hour later, "sre you ill ? " " No," was the muffled response from the covert of the bedclothes. " Is Harvey ?'" " No," again. " What's he sitting up for r" " It ain't him, Cynthia." •* Well, who is it ?" " I don't know." " Don't know ? Well, I'm goiug to know !'* The bedroom door opened and an energetic step was beard iu tbc hall. " Don't don't, Cynthia ! Listen to me !" came in terrified accents from the opposite room. Cynthia opened the door »s Sarah whispered faintly— " It's—it's a ghost, Cynthia ; but don't let Harvey know 1 told.'' " Harvey, Harvey ciicd Cynthia. *' Get up and sre who's iu that rook-ng-ehstir." " Lord pn serve us ! What'll I do with two j of 'em ?" groaned the poor cquirc, as Cynthia ' retn ated to bed ami stuSeJ the clotl es in her j ears to shut out the mjsleiiour rock ig (hat i came ar.d ce >scd, and came aud ceased, and ] came i>gain, all night long. \ In the morning the beard the st-ory, and uiidt rstood that - no herb, however pi tent, j would •• chirk up " her sister-in law. Another i ight,a rep< frtion of th> first, Cy thia returned to John's house, taking Sarah with her. Squire E'kins felt gieatly relieved at flr*t ; but wlien a w. ck hs'l |i .f-eJ he t»g n to long for company, and hailed with pleasure the night's sojDurn of a |i«F!>'iig p ddhr. To his aui<oynnce the transient guis-t inijuir.-d in the morning the mianing of the rocking he hud heard. The squire exj laii cd .'.ml t!<c nr-ws tint tbe Hania hiusc was baunU-d tlcw on willing wings. Then the ri al trouble bt-gan. He was deluged with inquiries and confronted by the most senseless and bloodc-unlliug lales imaginable. He denied and exaggerated by turns, and the ball kept rolling. The house was avoided as if a pestilence lurked there ; teamsters whipped up their Ix.rscs and hurried by. Some even viewed the Squire askance, until in his righteous indignation he grew so fierce that it was said he was going crazy, and that (in addition to tbe ghost) was why his wife had left bim. A few venturesome spirits essayed an investigation, but each one heard the mysterious sounds, aud went away to add fresh fuel to the flames. Oue even asserted that he had seen a rha-lowv form, in cap and spectacles, swaying to and fro within the chair, sad beard a moan* ing as of stmeone in distress. And nobodf qiit «tionul the truth of the statement, tuou^h not a single bearer would have believed the man on oath iu a busiui-ss transaction. The Squire grew sick of the "infernal nonsense,*' as he termed it, before two weeks had pasted, and wrote to his wife to return home. When she did not come he w> ut over to Newton to see about it. He gave a full hiftory of how his neighbours—•• the confoutule-1 idiots ! "— were talking, and bid Sarah "pack her duds and go home lo i-hut tl.eir nu-uths." "Ob, Harvey, sell the plnce—t-ive it away— anything but take me back there ?'' pleaded Sarah, and Cynthia seconded her entreaty. Squire Klkins stormed and tore, and swore he woald never do it for any ghost, nor the foolish wl.im of a woman. "Docs the chair really rock, Unrlc Harvey?"' asked his neice, Kitty Elkins, wht-n sLe found the squire atone. "It does for a fact, Kitty." "But what makes it go ? " "Granny Harris, I rrckon—I dnn't know what else Tiiny say she always s.t in that corner; it's a very comroitable < n? ; I dou't woadtr she likes to come back ; rnd I'm sure no one ought to complain if I don't. We utvtr occupy the chair at the eauc time." "But she's dead, L'Dcle Harvey ; you snrc-ly dou't bt-lieve in ghosts " Don't know. Kit. There's something mighty qurer alout it. But 1 never heard of a seniibler ghost. As lor.g as she don't take to wandering around, I've not a word to sav. She call have my chair whenever 1 don't want it. I don't sec how folks can be so «elfish "' "ITl tell you what we'll do, I'mve Harvey. If Net Baker will go along—and 1 know she will, she's alwayM.i for any fun—we'll go with you and lay ihat ghi st, so Aunt Sarah can return to hc-r home again."' The nrxt night tw > merry, ni srhii vous girls Wfre domiciled in the lial! bu<:room. "How's the ehust ? asked the Squire iu the morning. "I entin-ly forgot that •Grumiy" doesn't introduce l.erstlf when sLe comes, and ne went to sleep Rod never woke* up till broad daylifrht." admitted Kitty, " We'll stay awake to night, Uncle Harvey." So the next night they turned their light down snd told stories to keep awake till the ghost should make ber presencu known. They had not long to wait. Turning up the light they hastened to the kitchen. Yes, the chair w«s rocking, but. notbiug further could they discover. It was vacant, for Kitty sat in it, to make assurance doubly sure. Ttey withdrew leaving the light this time. When the rocking was repeated they rusl ed upon the scene with the same result as before. It did look queer — that swaying chair, propelled by uuseeu forces; but neither of tbe girls was superstitious iu the least. " One thing we've learned," said Kit, "the ghost isn't afraid of a light. We'll stay, too, this time." So they brought a quilt and pillows, and curled down in semi- shadow to watch. All was quiet, and Kitty was fast losing consciousness when a slight noise roused ber. She sat up and peered anxiously at the rocking-chair. Nothing unusnal could she see; but just beyond a slight movement caught her keen eye. She grasped Kefs arm and said in suppressed merriment— '•Granny roust be coming. See those two little black eyes just beyond the chair ?'' In an instant the eyes were followed by a tiny brown head. Then an agile mouse- sprang from • hole in the plastered wall to the back of the chair. Down it ran to the arm, jumped from there to tbe stand, and very industriously began tearing pieces from a newspaper. When" it had all it could carry it hied away home by its previous route.. The girls had been so interested in the little creature's movements that the truth never dawned upon them until it bad jumped from tbe swaying rocking chair and disappeared into its hole. " Granny, as I live!" exclaimed Kit. "Hurrah! Uncle Harvey! Uncle Harvey! we've •potted the ghost!" And then they laughed long and load nntil the squire appeared. The chair was still rocking from the impf-lus tiie tiny mou«e had given it, and the mystety was explained. "I thought the old lady had been making kind of free with my papers lately; bat I hateJ to mention it, not wanting to seem selfish," irit the Squire's only comment. 7 Aunt Sarah came home after the walls had been replastered, and Uncle Harvey gave each of the girls an elegant gold ring for services tendered. And would yon believe it ? After the thing came out, not a soul could be found who ever believed there was any ghost—not even lbs. Elkins hersalf. That ring is still among Kit's choicest treasures, and she is often persuaded to exhibit it to her children's guests—of which I chanced to be one—while she relates how tbe Hints ghost was laid. \ A Prince of Carvers-—A man «ppuea at a certain house where they wanted *aer> vant. "Now, my man,"said the mtatrf^, " are yoa sure yoa that you understand foul work thoroughly* Can you serve at table . . . carve a fowl I" "As for carving* replied the applicant, "lean do it to perfect tion, lor t served two yean as as" teCtillfrKlQQ Ot M iMtftal P 