_. JOTTING58. Drvonca as yet does not exist in Italy. The pyramids were begun about 4000 years ago. Eggs cost four shillings each in Klon dike. Tho'first Welsh Bible was published in 1688. A 16 year old Othello is now the talk of Paris. A lady has applied for admission to the Paris Bar. Rice has been cultivated in China for nearly 4000 years. In Paris there are collectors whose hobby is match-box labels. Queen Olga of Groeoo has an anchor tat toed on her shoulder. A writer in a London paper estimates the life of a bicycle at 10 years. Thelatest fad among curio hunters is for collecting antique thimbles. The old-fashioned Turk is perhaps the worst traveller in the world. More people speak the onglieh language than any other by 35,000,000. One London gas company alone uses 2,000,000 tons of coal each year. Gravesend has a " ghost " which amuses itself by throwing coals at people. At Victoria Docks, London, storerooms for 250,000 careases of beef are provided. An alarming proportion of French work men begin their day by drinking bad brandy. Sir Lillis Ashmead Bartlett says that he only saw one good-looking woman in Thes saly. Great Britain has one fourth of the wealth of Europe, with but one-ninth of the popeu latin. O?o regiment of Indian cavalry has a pipe band, to which the Scotch Greys have never attained. The arts of spinning and weaving were invented by a woman, Noomah, about 6000 years ago. Barnum's circus, which is shortly going to England, has a dog which is an expert foot ball player. According to a London paper the Emperor William suffers from the " chronio disease of eloquence." It is said that in Scotland there are 146 parishes with no paupers, poor-rates, or publiebouses. " I never had an ailment a week's fishing would not cure." So writes a distinguished American author. A total eclipse of the sun takes place on the 22nd of January next year. It will be visible right across India.. ln Montreal the clergy may not ride bicycles The Archbishop says "it is con trary to good taste." In 1413 the members of the English Par liament were obliged to reside at the places they represented. The first recorded " destrnator" was the Gehenna outside Jerusalem, where the reteik' of the city was burnt. A case of blindness from crowding of the teeth is reported. Removal of six teeth, however, restored sight. Shipments of grain by lake from Chicago recently reached the unequalled total of 7,394,000 bushels in one week. A correspondent of a London journal cal culates that a total of £10,000,000 has been sunk in the yachting fleet of to-day. Among the speculators in the Klondike goldfields is Mr. Clemens, a brother of Mark Twain. He has struck a good claim. It is a curious fact, as noted by Sir Samuel Baker, that a negro has never been known to tame an elephant or any wild animal. The City of London Dustyard deals with something like 200 tons of refuse daily, or 238,000 van loads in the course of the year. Mark Twain is said to be considering an offer made by Major Pond to lecture in America, the bait being a trifle of 60,000 dollars. Were the original editions of Shakespeare taken down by shorthand at the theatre ? Dr. Eduard Engel, of Berlin, has a theory of this sort. Hereditary influence continues to be the most fruitful cause of insanity, "previous attacks " coming next, and intemperance in drink third. According to a Boston writer the age and a great knowledge of the whole character of a woman can be gained from the contents of her pocketbook. It is estimated that within a radius of 12 miles from Charing Croos, London, a regis tration fee on cycles of 7s 6d would produce £160,000 a year. The difference between rising every morn Ing at 6 and 8 in the course of 40 years amounts to 29,200 hours, or three years 121 days and 16 hours. The beat -fly destroyer in the world is a common or garden wasp. An expert says that he has known one wasp to kill a thoun sand flies in a day. According to a doctor of experience row ing-men, far from being peculiarly liable to illnesses, suffer less frequently than their fellow -undergraduates. Fifty-one metals are now known to exist, 30 of which have been discovered within the present century. Four hundred years ago only seven were known. Railway stations in Sweden where you can procure hot luncheons are known by a po cunliar sign bearing the suggested emblem of a crossed knife and fork. It is. not generally known that Her 'Majesty, besides speaking Hindustanee fluently, can write it with~more than overage correatness in the Persian character. A bioyole bell has been invented which may bo fastened to the pedal. A side turn of the 'foot presses a lever, which engages the clapper ontho crank, and rings the bell. A lighthonuse of bamboo has just been built in Japan. It is said to have greater power of resisting the waves than any other kind of wood, and does not rot like ordinary wood. The United States navy now ranks seventh among the world's fleets. It consists of 41 vessels. In 1893 nine ships were launched and six acompleted and placed in commis sion. The total length of the streets, avenues, boulevards, bridges, quays, and thorough fares of Paris is set down. at about 600 miles, of which nearly 200 are planted with traee. America *is the only country which can boast of a daily musical paper. It is called " The Presto," is published on all seven days of the week, and has its headquarters at Chicago. ,-" .+.j A man has invented what he calls an "aquatic glove," which is intended to be worn in swimming. The fingers of the glove are connected by a web, like the toes of a duck. The oldest sailing craft in the world is the so-called Goketad ship, a Viking vessel, which was discovered in a sepulchral mound on the shores of uhristiania fiord. It is a thousand years old. Once, when a charge of plagiarism was brought against Charles Reads, he laugh. ingly remarked, "It is true that I milkeo 300 cows into my bucket, but the butter I churned was my own." Sutton-in-Ashfleld, in Nottingham, has given birth to more famous cricketers than any other town in England. More than twenty professionals leave that little hosiery town at the beginning of every crioket sea0on. In spite of the invincible idleness, or rather what schoolboys call "slackness.;" of the native population, Buenos Ayrees is becoming one e. the great cities of the world. The population has grown from 350,000 in 1887 to more than 700,000 in 189q. Femalo burglars are adding a now terror to life in Paris. Two young women have been arrested whose custom was to dress as nurses or servants, with white caps and blue aprons, and so disguised they ' ere able to asoend staircases without much questioning from ,oooierges: At the door of every Chinese temple a bell is hung with a rope attached. When a wor shipper enters he gives the rope a jerk to ring the bell, so that the dioty of the place may be aware of the fact that a worshipper is present. President Andrews, the head of the Brown University, (U.S.A.), has publioly donounced Virgil as in great part unfit for study. President Andrews' attack has excited the indignation and and ridicule of his educated countrymen. John Herschel could remember every figure of the long and abstruse mathematical aoloulations made in his astronomioal work. Be often made a long calculation, then called his amanuensis and dictated the whole from memory. An efficient fly poison, which has the merit of being poisonous to flies only, is made of the yolk of an egg, beaten up with a tablespoonful each of ground black popper and molsesea. It shoul4 be poured ii shallow plates and set about. Tea growing has bonoms an increasing in dustry in India and Ceylon. The Indian crop of the year 1893 exceeded by 12 millions pounds that of the preceding year. The total crop of Ceylon was larger by eight mil lion pounds than that of 1892. Great excitement has been caused at Vigo by the kidnapping of the son and heir of Count do Case Gonzalez. Inquiries are to be made by the Spanish Embassy in London, where the chld is reported to have been taken by his supposed abductor. Some old French soldiers who fought at Gravelotte visited Meotz the other day, and laid a wreath on the tomb of their comrades who fell in Bazaino's defence in 1870. The German Customs charged a duty of four marks on the wreaths at the frontier ! The population of London is now estimated to include 250,000 persons of Irish and 120,000 of Scotch parentage ; 46,000 Asintios, Africans, and Americans; with some 60,000 Germans, 30,000 French, 15,000 Dutch, 12,000 Poles, 7600 Italians. and 5000 Swiss. The serpent moves by elevating the scales on its abdomen and using them to push the body forward. The windings are always horizontal. Those artists who represent the sinuosities as vertical have never observed the animal in motion. It is impossible for it to move in that way. Muffs first came into use in 1540. They were introduced by doctors, who wanted to keep their hands warm and soft while riding from the house of one patient to that of another. The women adopted them, and the doctors promptly abandoned the fashion and began to use fur gloves instead. A stone known in commerce as jade is ex tensively worked in certain districts of Upper Burmah. Its colour varies from nearly grey to dark green. It is in universal demand throughout China. One variety prized by the Chinese is pale grey, with bright, apple. ger6n spotl, aloudn, Aid veins. A French electrician, M. Trouve, catches flsh by sinking in the water a net with an in candescent lamp attached. The curious fish collect around the light, when a pneumatio tire around the edge of the net is silently in flated and rises to the surface, entrapplog them without frightening them, and hence without destroying the spawn. Before the end of the present year Belfast will be a city of more than 300,000 inhabi tants, and the municipal area. will be almost trebled by the Extenpion Bill, which comes into operation next month. Within the last half half.sentury the population has quadrupled, and the valuation for rate pur poses has been multiplied by six. The statue of Flora Macdonald for Inver ness is now in the hands of the bronze founder. It will be Oft high, and Flora is represented as having had shoes on her feet. It will be remembered that in the original design Flora was represented without shoes or stockings, in regard to which there was much indignation expressed at the time. The gradual cooling of the lava which for the past few years has been flowing from the small cratoer at the foot of the cone of Vesuvius has occasioned an increase of vol canic activity in the central orater, which had become almost obstructed. The top of Vesuvius is lighted up every night by the incandescent lava within the crater, while immense pieces are ejected to a great height. In the peristyle of a house at Pompeii ro cently excavated, two fine wall paintings have been found, probably transferred there from some other building. One of them represents a poetess reading to a female musician; the other a young girl lean ing against a pillar, and conversing with a girl seated, and wrapped in a large mantle. A movement has been started with the object of placing the Scotch Bar on the same footing as the English, Irish, and colonial Bars in the matter of Queen's Counsel. At present this rank is limited in Scotland to law officers, ex-law officers, and the Dean of Faculty. The effect of this restriction is to compel many of the senior members of the Bar to give place'to juniors. Female ambition to secure positions in the English Civil Service has been moderated. Certain -examinations, more particularly in conneotion with one or other of the depart ments of the General Post Office, have attracted from 10 to 16 aspirants for every vacant position, but a return which has just been published shows that at the last exami nation for this department there were only 429 candidates, while the appointments num. bered just 100. Bahl.4ighte continue to draw enormous crowds in the southern provinces of France despite the law which forbids such exhibi tions. Six bulls were done to death recently at Beziers, and seven horses were gored, but additional excitement was lent to the scenes in the arena at another important town by a man fight which occurred. The manager of the arena quarrelled with an attendant, and drawing a knife stabbed the man, who es caped serious injury. The extreme weather hobanges to which British dependencies are subject are shown in "Symone' Meteorological Magazine" for the current month. During the year 1896 the largest amount of rain ooourred at Coylon, whore the fall was 0lin, whioh is more than four times as heavy as in London, the fall in the metropolis being 23'6in. The least rainfall was 15in at Adelaide. The largest number of rainy days was 243 at Grenada, the smallest number 76 at Cal entta. In London rain fell on 1059 days. 