Wkat it Feels Like to Drown; I Almost immediately I entered the j water, the much-resounding roar of the | waves struck me as desolating and ' sorrowful—full of foreboding and ter ; ror. Ashamed of this fancy, I in stinctively but foolishly fought my j way seawards, and was promptly out ! of my depth ; not because I intended | to run any risk, for I could not swim, j but because the strong current had j scooped out a hollow in the sandy bot I torn, which had six feet of water on j the top of it. Tumbled over by the j waves, the concentrated agony of the j moment when the water closed over my j head for the first time cannot be de scribed. Cruel and omnipotent force, without warning or reason, surrounded me, and my frantic and determined ef I forts to escape only increased the pent | up passion to cease holding my breath i and to inhale once more. I felt in { stinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black water that if once I succumbed t<7 ,t!ie temptation to expel my breath, which almost burst the ribs in my angrv to retain it, the end would comethat I should be com ; pelled to breathv? inwards while covered with the pressing water. At this time X must have giVt^i way, and the dreaded stream of air babbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before I had watched the drowning of A cat in ' the clear water of a running stream. { The animal was tethered to a stone, | and had fought with upturned face for p liberty. When the bubbles rose in a j silver fountain from the corners of its 1 mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying ; in the gentle current, turned over, and j after one final struggle gave up the j ghost. This scene came vividly before i me. I thought of this wretched cat, i and was half amused to think that my j case was the case of the cat. There I was no fear ; the actual circumstances ; filled my attention, and the piteous i longing to escape and the inability of j my efforts suddenly became subordi i nated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just then I touched the sandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatched a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All I wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except as an interesting and im material factor in the situation, came over me. It is true that I remem bered that I should be missed when dinner-time came, and I was found missing; and thinking of the home people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a chest of drawers in my bed room, which I had intended to put on. Then, suddeuly, I found my eyes above water for a second, and I saw two blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a conscious state to one in which one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were. From this I awoke in great pain in the centre of a crowd on the beach, whether my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of in finite and unreasoning shame ] but the nausea caused by swallowing so much salt water quickly brought me back to earth again. 