SELECTED POETEY TWO SIDES OF A QUESTION. [By Pipasi, Christohurch, New' Zealand.] O, there's spring in the dazzling snnshine and glory in the day, • And .I in this crowded city am throwing my life away; ' Walls, walls, walls around me, and pavement under my feet, And it's oh for the old bush life again, and the mountain breeze so sweet. Somewhere out to the northward there is the place for me, •. Miles upon miles of white gum, and far as your eye can see, Boiling ranges of mountains, and monarch of them all ; Rises, there in the distance, the summit of Mount Duval. ; O, for a glorious gallop on Coriander's back Once again, as in dear dead days, along the TJralla track; i . My gallant horse, for'company, the bush with its myriad tongues; ■ The sun, the space, and the splendor, and the free, fresh air in my lungs. And the yellow wattle's in blossom and the bush sarsaparilla Wreathes and clings and twists and swings from gum-tree pillar to pillar; And soldier-birds chatter and squabble up in a bottle-brush tree And a solemn laughing-jackass looks down and cackles at me. And ant-hills, red and yellow, gleam thro' the weird white stems, And everlasting daisies show their golden dia dems—_ " There's maiden-hair in the cracks of the rooks where the shy snake basks in the Bun, And magpies whistle their, sweetest for joy of . the day begun. Push and crowd and jostle 2 jostle and crowd and push ! ■ O to be out of it, out of it, away in the quiet . bush. Away from the roar and rattle, away from the sorrow and sin, The beggar's wine and the pious fraud, dirt, and disease, and din. 0 voice of wthe bush that is calling and calling me again, O many-toned voice of the bush ! Must you call to me always in vain? Shall I never be able to follow to the land that is far and fair ? O who could bide in the city, who was born and bred out there? IL There's storm creeping up the valley and rain on the distant ranges, And ever the wind in the.white gums runs its gamut of mournful changes, All in a minor key, and there's gloom on earth and in sky, _ _ And of all things dismal I think there is s nothing so dismal asL; Gum trees ! Nothing hut gum trees ! Miles upon miles of them, _ I Withhere and there a solitary box, or a bottle brush with its stem Stunted out of proportion, and as the white barkflaps , ' You think of the dead in their winding-sheets, • or ghosts of the past, perhaps! Nothing to hear, and nothing to see, but gums and a gloomy sky;: ^ - Nothing to read, and nothing to do, but dream : of the days gone by. It's oh to pace the. pavement, rub shoulders with the crowd, Clasp hands again with fellow-men, hear greetings long and loud! , Letters! I've had no letters for a good long month or more; The oldest paper's a joy to me—I read it o'er . and o'er; ' . . What do I know of politics ? of empires fallen • or risen ? Of "strikes", or wars? of bills and laws? within the gum-tree prison! i Ignorant! I should think so.! Lost touch with better men. Live in the bush like me a bit, you'd lose your culture then! : No books, no news, no music, no theatre is here—. . Your intellect would vegetate like mine, my friend, I fear! . ............ Sometimes, indeed, I dream again o£ the things . I used to prize, The sound of a cultured voice once more, the flash of a woman's eyes; The majestic roll of an organ, the wail of a • violin— There's something else in a city besides its sorrow and sin. .0, this is a fair stagnation! Pve had enough of the bush; I had too mucn of the weird white-gum and the gloomy bottle-brush ; I somehow yearn for a kindred soul in place of : a kangaroo; * And I think they'll see me back in town in the course of a month or two. 