TIIE GHOSTS EYES. Mrs. Rcberfc Living-tone vas a wom-n of superb dignity. Yet any one of her city fiietids •would scarcely have recognised hi r in tl e ruther clumsy figure running and s'umbling up the rough canon road that led from the lower beanlielel to the ranch-home Hi r black- skii ts Were riot h"ld up, but alb wed to trail a little and catch the fine duet aid tar-wicd .stain as she hurried on. Nothing of trilling importance could have forced Mary Livingstone thus far to forget her elegant si If, even ah lie in a canon. The fog was coming up fiom the sea and slowly closing in and d ei ening the shadows of the gorge. It was air ady late twilight, and the ionelitu ss mid gloom of the place tortured fcer over-!(-use nervi s. A little owl flew with a shrill ten- am over her head, and she screamed •with it. A belated f r, und-squii rel iustleo in the underbrush up the ba nk, and she f< It that the terrors of the jungle were u] on her. A sharp I urn in the trail brought her at last ill view of the house, and the welcome glimmer of a light gave her a litile courage. She • quickened her steps still moie in her eagerness, forgetting that the cam n stream crossed the road at the bend, and missing the boaid she Stepped in ankle-deep. Ewn this she scarcely noticed, but splashed 011 over the slippery stones. It was only when she reached the gate, breathless and dishevelled, that she seemed to be able to think. I can't let Allen see me in this plight, she 5aid to herself. " lie would ssk all manner of questions, and not be put olf, and I could not tell him that. Oh, no, no I" But just then a light, youthful figure appeared at the verandah steps, standing on eiu'ehes. 4 4 What makes you so awfully late, mother ?" .he called to her. " I thought you in ver would «/ome here," and the thin, complaining voice ?vas even a little more impatient than usual. Sing is 011 one of his worst rampages, and is esavage as hops b( cause dinner is late. 1 was "••vent sfraid to ask him to light the lamp, and I've been sitting out here in the dark for ages, if there's a dish left out there, it won't be his '/ault. Listen to that !" and just then a tin pan deemed to go spinning across the kitchen. " 1 am very sorry, my etear,'" saiel Mrs. Livingstone quietly, " but I was detained by the engineer. He says the thresher machine is broken, and he must go to Seco Gmule tomorrow for repairs. Some of v'he men were to >be paid off, and I had the ir accounts to look Over, 1 shall he glad win n your father gets home. Harvesting is too important a time for toe to be left alone. l'oor Allie. What a furlorn time you've had ! Come in, and we'll inake up for it," and she preceded him to the tiark little parlour. Quickly lighting the lamp, she said, " Turn it up more, dear, after it has burned a little, and tell Sing to have dinner in five minute?," and she hurried to her room, leaving her sc n wondering vaguely that Ins mother's hand should tremble as she held the match, and secrvtly wishing she had not left him to face the irate JSing alone. • Allen Livingstone was 17, but long accustomed to having every wind tempered for hiu>, be was uaturally timid ami not a little spoiled, Mrs. Livingstone lavished upon him that j earn- ing and passionate tenderness that a hopdissly crippled child calls forth from a mother's pity. He was at once her idol and her sorrow, and his •slightest wish was law. \- Dinner at the ranch-home was even more »quiet than usual that evening. Mrs. Livingstone appeared tired and preoccupied, while Allen fretted childishly over the rather warmed up flavour of things on the table. I The offending Chinaman came and went in sullen routine. After 1 he coffee, Mrs. Livingstone put her arm lovingly over her son's shoulders, and they went out lo the psrlour thus. i. *' I have a lovely scheme, dearest, " she said, While father is a way, I think it would be nice for you to come over and sleep in your old room adjoining mine. It will be more, sociable, and we, can play at being younger again. What •do you think ? " /'"" I don't mind," sai l Allen, indifferently, lighting a delicate cigarita. ••The house was one of those primitve Spsmis'.t structures, built of adobe, one story, and three sides facing an open square —very pleasant and artistic with the elcep verandahs, vine-covered *nd cool, and the little court always full of 'flowers and sunshine, but not so convenient and practical for everyday comfort ;is some more 'modern plans for homes. The main part of the house is taken up by the living-rooms, leaving &he; sleeping-rooms in the wings and far '.separated. a;It was a trying time for Mrs. Livingstone, when her husband insisted that Allen should yive up his little bedroom next to theirs, which he had always occupied, and go across the icourt. The boy was no longer a baby, he said, and he had always needed that room for his »wn private use. He wanted a place for his jdesk and his books and the big safe which held jtha family valuables and often considerable Bums in gold and silver, as he preferred to pay his men in coin rather than by cheque in the usual way. But his wife had never been reconciled to having her delicatc child out of the sound of her voice at night, and many a time had she stolen out in the darkness to listen at his window to see that her darlieg was sleeping well, »nd to indulge in a long moment cf adoring worship, as she strained her eyes to see the pale face on the pillow. " I will go around the i i ! i I j j | j | : | j | ; j j " Oh, well, I suppose there is nothing else to do," he complained. 'Where's the story > " "I'll begin it now, while you're getting rtady," and Mrs. Livingstone settled heist If by her lamp o i end. • In less than half an hour she quietly peeped in lo find her boy fast asleep. She wanted to steop ar.el kiss the white forehead, but denied herself lest she sl.o.dd awaken him. , vi rand i h now, dear," she said, as Allen smoked, " and bring you hi igs for ti.e night. The couch is very comfortable, and it will be lovely to have you back." The chill air struck her unpleasantly as she opened the door. She shuddered a little and drew h< r shawl closer. " What a fog !" she exclaimed. " The beans will Le again delayed. It's worse than the conflict of haymaking and showers in New Lngland." Coming out of her son's room a few moments liter, with her arms full of her clothing, she was startled by a slight noise across the court. It seemed like some heavy thing dropping with hss sound than its weight would suggest. Id the misty darkness she could see nothing. Mary Livingstone was known far and near as woman of unbounded courage and self- reliance. During her husband's frequent business trips to San Franei-co she stayed and ruled the little kingdom like a queen. Not a man on the ranch but was glad when Mrs. Livingstone was " boss." The house in the canon was her cpstle, where she and Allen, with the faithful King, »bode in security which none dared to melt st. If anyone had told her a we ek ago that this night she we uld be a haunteel creature trembling and unstrung, tormented by an evil presentment and dreading she knew not what, she would have laughed the prophet to scorn. 'i he parlour door had been left a little ajar, and she pushed through it and on to her own « pa rt ment. " Eieate shut the door, Allie. My hands are full. I'll be ready for you soon." Drawing the shadi s, she set resolutely to woik about making her son's room comfortable for the night. .She dared not think, or she felt that she sheuld sen am from sheer nervousness. The dainty silver toilet articles which were his pride she arrar gcd on the broad desk, and soon had the low lounging-couch transformed into an inviting bed, with even a hot-water bag lucked in it the foot. She took from her closet-shelf bis little toy-like night-lamp, which '.-.ad been one of his childish idol?, anu lighted it, and. after one or two little final toshes t'.^re ar.d there, she called him. " It's time small boys were psh <;p. Lode the front door. dear, and come. I have such a funny stoiv to reafl to you.'' Allen hobbled ins a slight, frown on his delicate face at being babyed, and surveyed tho little room. " It's as cold as a barn in here," he said, " What melees it so cold ! 1 don't want to go to bed yet." w Oh, yis, you do. It's gi tting late You'll soon be r ice and comfortable in your old nest. You will find it warmed." Nearly closing tho door, she walked restlessly about her room a few moments, aimlessly touching this and looking at that. Sh>i took her account book out of the riragg'ed dross she had worn down the canon aiul lot ked it over a little, soon putting it, aside, •"he tiie.l to read, but the words followed each other under her eyes in an unknown tongue. She tot k up her Bible, and even that seen.eel to hel l no word of peace, Se>mi tinn s as pe.iple in great peril go over their past life, she fell to thinking of hers, but she was soon brought back face to face with the present. The thought that she was struggling so to i eep in ,;b< yance, at last seemed to break its conn's and fill her soul with ?n irri sistible f ;• s< it'a t i Dn : she d >\ eit upou it and did not try to put it aside. Thi<•<* n ; ghis ago, at midnight, she uwakened su '(!'. n!y. being conscious of a, noxious presence ner r, a u-'i slowly there had grown from it two (hi; k, gl, tiering eyes close to her < wn, which behi hi i g ze with (eriible intentness. This t Vi i'l the canon they had been there before '•< I' »-li til's way, and she had almost succumbed to ih.-'v terror, For ihe first tnre she hud noticed that the brows and corners of the eyes were sightly upturned, like the Mongolian. Whs.! did it all mean ? Ti.e end wss not yet. What \vi uld it be 1 J These thoughts seemed to e:it hr.il her. It \mu, nearly 11 o'clock. Would it come tonight r OuUiuc tho night was so deathly still ;n:d le-f.e'y. Why dielu't the wind blow ! An;, thing that would break the spell upon her. the turned the light denui, and threw herself wearily on the bed as she was. With the first stroke of the clock at midnight she woke from a troubled sleep. In a moment she 1-ec.mc distinctly conscious of a smoky odour, the unmistakable scent of a Chins,- rrutn's clothing. A slight noise on the floor caused her to sit up quickly. A man's head and shonhJers were slowly emerging from under the bed. Oao sickening moment she wivered, then sprang out upon him, holding him down for an inslant ; but he turned, and there glared up at her those same eyes—the fiend-like eyes of her vision, and the min was Sing. She grappled with him in superhuman strength, how many desperate, struggling moment?, she never knew. It seemed an eternity. Not a word was uttered. She saw that his superior strength must gain in the end. He constantly tried to reach for a knife which evidently was caught in some way, for he failed to get it in his hand. At last Allen heard the none anel appeared at the door, almost fainting with fright. Ilis mother spelled out to him, "C-e-t- t-h-e a-x e q-u-i-c-k," all,l then added, " Go to bed child." The boy had presence of mind lo go aro.ind, as there were many locked doors in the way through the house. The Chinaman, afraid of some ou'side assistance, began to beg. " Me catchte money—mo nj kill. You gib key-me no kill. You no gib, me allee same killee you. killie Allie, too. You gib key r " Mrs. Livingstone said aothing, and" m an incredibly short time for him Allan came in, panting and dragging the gleaming axe. The liend saw it and became like a madman. He shrirked and bit at the strong while wrists that held him like a vice. He foamed at the mouth in his tit of rage and fear. " Allen," she said, " get the trunk rope in the closet—be quick."' After an almost hope-less struggle and a little we- k help from her son she managed to tie one band, then, both t'getlier, and bad Allen make the other end fast to the bedstead The rope was old, and if it gave \v?y they w;re lost, for it was the only thing of the kind available. Her knees were still on his chest. " Alh n, ' she commanded, " go from the room and shut your door tight after you.'' He was almost stupefied, but obeyed blindly. In another instant he heard an awful blow and a short shutting sound, then a long moment of silence, but he dared not go in again. Presently his mother appeared, holding lift wounded hand. She looked to him, in the dim light, like an old woman. Her face was ashen and drawr., and her dark hair had turned almost snowy white. He looked at her mutely. " My ilear," she said, slowly, " God knows it H-fs the only way. lie gave me the power to s*ve us, or you and J, Allen, would this moment have; been m the traitor's place." She gave an involuntary shudder, hut turned and locked the door on the ghastly scene. Taking seme antiseptic solution she bathed her hand thoroughly and bound it up with some of Allen's handker hiefs. She ther. sipped a small glass of whisky and water,and lav down beside her son. Sio the long night were away, There have: been few changes in Seco Valley. The lima beans grow on the broad, sunny lowlands, are harvested, auel grow again. Tho canoti breok still sings its love song to the blossoming hillsides. The owls and the mocking birds, the tquirrels and the lizards, live as before, but the vines run rampant over the broad piazzas of the ranch-houss in Seco Canon. Only a few complaining doves have their home in the low garret. When Mr. and Mrs Holier: Livingstone re turned to live in New York their fi n-iids wel corned them back with opeu arms. It was hinttd that, not being to the manner born, Mr. Livingstone had not covered himself with glory or lined his purse with gold in his ranching scheme ; but it was the change in Mrs. Livingstone that excited the most comment. The snowy hair, the restless, hunted expression, and absent manner spoke of some stupendous change 1 rom hi r own self. To only one trusted friend did she confide the mystery of her life. Every night at twelve o'clock there appeared to h< r two fierce, hard eyes, which would not turn till she was marly beside herself with horror. 