THE WATCHER IN THE CHURCH PORCH. Bj Lucy Hardy. Author of "A Madman's Mistakes.". "The Shadow on the Moor," "The West Boom," &c;, &o.; ' i It was an unwonted occurrence for lights to be seen burning in the sitting room of Olorermead Rectory at nearly midnight ; but there is an ancient and veracious proverb regarding the effect produced upon mice by Jibe temporary absence of the household Grimalkin. Not that the " reading party " of youths assembled in the little bow-windowed apartment, sacred to their private use, was indulging in any very riotous orgies in consequence of the tempérai*? absence of their boat and tutor ; but bad the Ber. Cornelius Harper-abd bi» wife-£een at home, the domestic rule of "retiring to rest "(or at least to the bedrooms) at 10.30 p.m. would baye been enforced As it was, four young men still Hpgered, smoking and chatting, though eleven o'clock had sounded 6bi¿e while agofrom the church tower. The Rev. Cornelius Harper-" The Reverend," as we youths ! caliea bim among ourselves-had a repu- i tatton as a" coach for backward or in- dolent hide ;" he was á clever man, with an aptitude for imparting knowledge ; also, the situation of Çlovermeadi a village far away "iii the heart"pt the country," was an excellent lócale fer the consignment of youths inclined to be " wild,"' fer it afforded no opportunities for dissipation. There were no shops save the humble "general " oae, there- fore it was difficult to squander money. There were no amusements, so it was impossible to indulge in dissipation. The district afforded neither shooting nor fishing. The one thing possible was to " read," and fer that occupation there was every facility m the well-chosen library and the guidance of a pains- taking tutor. Mr. and Mrs. Harper were elderly and childless, ? and there were no other gentry within easy reach, so temptations to waste time even in social intercourse were small. To my- self, and to oue other of our quartette, this fact was no grievance. I was anxious-nervously anxious-to pass an examination whoh would place me in a position to assist my beloved widowed mother, whose slender resources were strained to pay even the Rev.- Cor- nelius's madest fees. Philip Drayton, my two years senior, was equally anxious to obliterate the disappointment caused to his family by his failure to pass his preliminary ..examination for the I.C.S. He and I were the working bees of the hive, and too engrossed in our studies to feel the " deadly dulness " of which our two companions so bitterly com- plained. Archie Grey, a handsome, bright faced lad of twenty, who was lounging at bis ease on the shabby old sofa, had indeed no reason, pecuniarily, to be anxious to pass any exam., for in another year he would inherit a very considerable for- tune. In the meantime his mother had recently re-married, and consigned Archie to Cloverinead during her i lengthened wedding tour abroad, as to a ! condition of safe and honourable cap- tivity, where, as his step-father phrased j it, " he would be out¡. of harm's way." I Archie was one of the laziest and best tempered of created beings; it was im- possible to put him out of temper, equally impossible to make bim work. "Providence knew I was constitu- tionally lazy^ sir," he would say gravely to the tutor, when Mr. Harper was roused to solemn remonstrance, "n,nd I suppose, as a kind of compensation, en- dowed me with money enough to live without working ;" and though Mr. Harper would shake his head and sigh a little as he indulged in the orthodox: platitudes, neither he nor anyone else could long be vexed with Archie, who was popular with the whole household, down to the cat. It was exactly the reverse with Horace Martin, the eldest of oui- little company, a tall, dark youth of some twenty-four years of age, who was seated smoking on the window sill. He, like Archie, was here rather to be " kept out of mischief" than to study. Cambridge University had requested Mr. Martins absence for a while. I do not enter into the story of the reasons given by the University authorities for this request, as their account of the circumstances which induced them to desire Mr. Martin's temporavy absence from their seat of learning differed greatly from the young gentleman's own version of the same events. Anyway, Horace Martin was " rusticated," and his father, upon whom he was entirely dependent, insisted upon his passing this period of seclusion under the roof of Cleverinead Beotory. Martin was a Eurasian, and did not deny the fact. He had inherited the dark beauty of his Oriental mother also, I sometimes thought, many of the least desirable characteristics of the Oriental nature. I could have imagined Martin pursuing an enemy with true Eastern subtlety of revenge. In conver- sation he often showed that his ideals of truth and honour were scarcely those of the West; in brief, he was no favourite with any of us, and personally, I disliked him so much that more than once Mr. Harper had been obliged to interfere to prevent an open quarrel between ne. 1 i What I eueciilly obiccteä ft is Martin was fais habit of sneering at everything aird eferyone, of imputing the worst and lowest mótiveB for ail actions. " You've move brains than all of ns put together, Martin," said Archie one day, with that boyish frankness which often made us laugh, " but hang me if I'd take your head in exchange for my Own foolish noodle, for it seems to me you mostly use your brains to find out all that's bad in your fellow creatures." Yes, Martin was derer, exceptionally so, but his talents failed to make him popular, even with his painstaking " coach," and I am sure little Mrs. Har- per, who beamed upon Archie, and spoilt him openly, waa actually afraid of Horace Martin, with his cold sneering manner and supercilious disdain of his surroundings. I have said Mr. and Mrs. Harper were childless ; but they had a favourite niece who hod married ¿bout a year age, and gone to reside in London. An " inter- esting event" aa the newspapers phrase it, bad lately taken place in her house- hold, but the young mother unfortu- nately was not, according to the ortho- dox formula, " d«ing as well as could be expected." Indeed, sb urgent and dis- quieting a telegram bad been received the day before that both Mr. and Mrs. Harper bad started at once for London. Better news had been written to the Rectory servants next day,, and Mr. Harper was to return on the ensuing morning to look after his charges ; but for a couple ot days we were- unpre- cedented occurrence in the annals of the Rectory---left to ourselves ! " I expect the Reverend knows we're safe enough," remarked Archie philoso- phically. " Drayton and Willis would go on magging just the same, whether he's here or .not'; and Martin and I never mug at all, even when he is here. And there isn't a shop near to spend money at, nor a girl in the village pretty enough to flirt with, and the public sells such vile beer that it's no temptation to go to it; and-I speak personally now, of course-but, being near the end of my quarter's allowance, I've not money enough to pay for a railway ticket to get away. Ob! I think the Reverend may leave us with an easy mind." We had, of course, been sorry to hear of the niece's illness ; but in early youth sorrow, especially sorrow for the troubles of our neighbours, is of an evanescent character. Mrs. Harper was a capable and vigilant housekeeper; naturally, therefore, her absence made itself felt in various relaxations of domestic regu- ' lations impossible while she was at home. Festive sounds, as of male voices, were heard in the kitchen, and we pupils lingered late in our private "den." Martin and I were, in fact, engrossed in an argument. With all his cynicism, Martin was intensely superstitious ; and though he often annoyed me by his covert sneers at things wkÍ3h to me were very sacred, he had boundless faith in matters which I looked upon as subjects almost for ridicule, fie had quite a store of strange, uncanny legends upon mesmerism aaa powers of hypnotising, and would have given proof of them but for the flat prohibition of the rector, and the unwillingness of any of us to submit ourselves to him as " subjects." He and I were now discuss- ing the influence of what may be called "popular superstitions1 ' over the world at large. "Oh, my dear fellow," said Martin, with that air of cool superiority which was not the least irritating of his charac teiistics, " you may ai"gue as you will, but even wise philosophers like yourself are susceptible to these influences. ' Je- ns Its crois pas, mais je hs crains,' said George Sand of the' apparitions; and 'popular superstitions,' as you please to call them, are deeply rooted in every- one's secret heart." " I should not have thought you over- burdened with faith on any subject, Martin, to judge from your general con- versation," said Drayton drily. Martin laughed lightly. " Perhaps it is just because I haYe not bui'dened myself with a ponderous load of ' orthodox beliefs ' that I am able to spare some credence for the real mysteries of life. But what I am now saying is that the generally professed disbelief in the supernatural is all hum- bug after all. Everyone laughs at the idea of ghosts appearing, but who cares to occupy a reputedly haunted house P All you fellows scoff at hypnotism, but you wouldn't for your lives et me experi- ment upon you as a test." ¿' Because I don't know what game you might be up to," said Archie, with more candour than courtesy. "If your' denial of the powers of hypnotism is true, you need not fear my influence," said-Martin ; "but it is the old story always-the outward scoff and the secret dread. Do you know what to-night is ?" " Windy, and rather rainy," replied Archie promptly ; "Friday, April 24tb, if you want the precise date." " And the 25th of April is St. Mark's Day. Now, I have discovered that all the villagers hereabouts have a tradition that if anyone watches in the church j porch, this evening at midnight, he or ! she will behold all the "people who are te die within the coming year pass in precession before him." "It is avery old superstition," said Drayton, "Common all over England. There are allusions to it in every book upon ' death omens.' " " Exactly î and of course you ail laugh ftttWfl'BDDular dslugicn,' Teil would be ready to wager a eonsiderable sum that not one of you wise young sceptics would care to spend bali an hour in the church poroh to-night, and teat the truth of the story for yourselves." "I wouldn't for one," said Archie promptly; " I" wouldn't turn out on a damp spring evening to. see the ghost of every man, woman, and child in Olover mead. I'm sick enough pf the sight of them in the flesh ! I've only two shillings and some odd coppers left, sp I can't run into heavy betting." We laughed, but Martin said sneeringly:' " I did not fear that my offer would be accepted. It ia always easier to ridicule than to disprove." : " If you mean that you think we put sufficient faith in this absiifd supersti- tion to be afraid to go to, tibe church porch to-night,^ I ;saia,-nettted by his tone, " I, for one, am çeady to "do so at once!" . ' " " Really ! What ti-anscendeut cour- ] age!" said Martin! I I sprang upland walked, towards the door. "Stay a moment» WiUïB,"~4nterposed Martin; ''if you are really pent upon this experiment, I will tell you what proof you can gire us thi$ you have actually made it, ^ " Willis' worçl would be guita suf$cieut proof," said Dayton, quietly. "~Qh{ ot course, bu^t-rjuet to make assurance . doubly SUNS-- to do me a small, service a]!», Willísj 'yóu wül find ?my meerschaum "in the church porch, just under the carving above the inner door. ' I was smoking a quiet pipé in the porch two days ago, driven in there by a" shower, and the Reverend came by.; You ^know the row pe makes about smoking, even in the ckurchyiavdi so» to keep things peaceable, I just knocked out my pipe, and Trashed it out of sight above the door. The ^revend was full of his telegram from London) and called to me to walk back to the houBe with him while he told me about it, and 1 forgot all about iny precious pipe. Now, if you are bent on watching * St. Mark's ' Eve ' in the- church porch, you might bring back my property with you." "And convince you I had not lied when I say I had visited the church porch!" I said hotly: Somehow I never could keep jny temper long in an argu- ment with Martin. "Suppose we all go together?'* said Drayton. " Excellent suggestion for mutual en- couragement, my göog friend ; only, un- fortunately, popular, superstition asserts that to behold St. Mark's "Vision the watcher must be alone." . '? I brushed out çf the room in no very good humour, Archie followiug me. " I wish you hadn't said you would go. I don't believe in ghosts, or any such rot, ef course, but I think Martin means to play you some nasty trick. I don't like the sneering laugh in his eyes." " If Martin attempts te play off a ghost upon me, I think I will test if the appar- ition be made of flesh and blood !" I said, selecting a stout stick from the umbrella stand. " Do, do, my dear fellow ! ' said Archie delighted, " and give a few good hard knocks before you quite understand who it'is, you know." I passed out into the chilly night air, not, perhaps, too pleased with my errand. I did uofc in the leihst believe that I, watching in the porch, should behold any supernatural appearances; but, like Archie, I rather suspected some practical joke might be attempted, and some unpleasant trial made on my nerves. After all, I was but a youth, and there was some truth in Martin's theory of the influence superstitious beliefs have over all of us. I threaded my way through the dark winding shrubbery walk which led to the garden gate with a disagreeable expecta- tion that some one might j ump out upon me from the masses of wet evergreens on either hand. But all was quiet, save for the wind, and occasional patter, of rain- drops. It was a very dark night, the sky obscured by clouds; but I soon crossed the road and found the gate opening into the churchyard. The old grey tower at least was clearly visible, and I made my way towards it, while my feet, like Friar Lawrence's, " stumbled amid graves." As I walked over the damp grass beneath which so many generations of the villagers were sleep- ing, midnight rang out from the tower. I am not ashamed to say that I cast a rather anxious look around me,_ hub no ghostly apparition was visible. In another minute I should have found the pipe, and be on my home- ward way. As I stepped up to the church porch, the moon, . hitherto obscured, broke out suddenly and revealed was it a shadow or a figure P-on one of the porch Beats! Far, however, from this sight alarming me, it actually gave, me courage. Archie was right. Martin was trying to play a practical joke upon me. I was greatly tempted to feign ignorance and resort to my stick; but I knew a scuffle between us would greatly annoy the Reverend, who was a very good fellow, so I merely called out: i " It won't do, Martin ; you may as well come out 1" No answer ; and the moon disappeared as suddenly as it had shene. "Come out! Don't play the fool any longer !" I said impatiently, but the dark figure; apparently a recumbent one, never mered. I put out my hand, and was reassured to touch a very substan- tial booWjtfv at suitable for gbygtij «ear» - "Well, you're no ghost anyway!" I said, mockingly, and I reached for the pipe ; but somehow the extreme stillness of the figure gave me an uncomfortable sensation. Was it Martin after all P Had he come intending to play a trick upon me, and, . for all his. boasting, tinned faint himself. > Or could he-here a disgraceful thrill l'an down my back-have himself seen something that alarmed him P I remem- ber the ghostly legend of a man who, by , his own request, was left all night in a reputed haunted room, and waa dis« covered in the morning dead-with an expression of the extremest horror on his face, and the bell-rope in his band. This was hot exactly, the pleasantest story to recall on a dark midnight alone in a chuixshyard-with some uncanny figure beside one. I remember m^ matches. I hastily fumbled for them _ and struck a light. It only flickered fo> a moment before it was blown out, but X was able to distinguish that the shadow by my side was the figure of a man. Somehow-for all the reassuring evidence of the boot-I shrank from touching it again; hut I lit another match, which I carefully guarded itóth my hands, and bent over the porch seat. Oh, the horror of that glance i-Ahe sight of that awful' face, with its open mouth, and -staring eyeballs, and mat- ted hair! With one wild evy-one mad impulse of escape, lestthe thing should lise and clutch me with its cold hands I turned and fled-and I knew no more. # # # # # It was days before I came to myself-r days in which I still fled over pathless moors, pursued by hideous phantoms, with wild eyes, and wet disordered locks, and cold clammy fingers which clutched at my gai'ments aud held me back. And when I woke from my delirium I fou;._* myself lying, as weak as a child, in ttx> best bedroom at the Rectory, with the dear old mater sitting by me. It was some time before they told me what bad caused my illness. When I first, began to ask questions they hushed w~ up like a child, and bade me go to ¿lc?; - again. But I overheard the doctor, ta" : ing~to Mrs. Harper inthedressing-i-ofti'u speak of " great nerve shock, and t young man having rather overwt himself previously made it take^tw.-., greater effect." Briefly stated the facts were these. It was no ghost which I had seen in tbs church porch, but the body of a dead man. At the end of our village was it. large and rather deep pond, into wilier*. the afternoon of the day of my visit to the church, a stray tramp m uch o vercom ?? by liquor, had fallen., fie was far too drunk to extricate himself, and WÜV found some time afterwards, by a con pie of passing labourers, quite dead. These men carried the body to the village public, where the doctor happened to . calling to see a patient. The runt1 Esculapius had scarcely examined th^ corpse and pronounced fife to have bee. extinct for some hours, when an excitec groom in a dog-cart dashed up to captm* the medico for the eld squire, who lia. fallen downstairs and broken his leg. fi< I had said, there was some distance tween our village and the houses of w> of the "county folk" and Dr. Eva;; hurried to obey the call of his be v. patient. Spring into the dog-cart, Iv dashed off without giving any directio . regarding the disposal ef the corps which remained ou the hands of ii - finders, like the body of the "Li*;:!« Hunchback " in the "Arabian Nights." 'What lieus to do wi' 'un?" a- ?¿í Giles and Hodge. " Take him to the work'us ; he donV belong to nobody hereabouts," said the landlord of the Sun sharply. "And how be we to get 'un to the work'us?" asked Giles pertinently " T' union be a good four mile off ! Be us to carry 'un all that way, measter ?" " Us wunnot dono such toing J" putin Hodge sturdily. " Leave 'un at the Sun," cried a by- stander. " Dashed if you do," said the landlord warmly. " I don't keep a house of enter- tainment for dead folks." "He .didn't never ought to have drowned hisself iii our pond," said a woman resentfully, much in the spirit in which the late peet Laureate's "old farmer" speaks of the Baptists who washed their nasty sins in my pond, and I doubt it poisoned the cow !" " Take 'un somewhere, and don't stand about here all night !" said the landlord sharply, much in the spirit of the original finders of the Hunchback. " Take "un to parson's," suggested another fertile genius in the crowd ; and this idea generally commended itself to the onlookers. " Parson" who would eventually have to bury the defunct, seemed the natural .person to look after him now, when the doctor had done with him ; also, parson I net being present, could not decline the ¡ charge as emphatically as did the land- lord. So to the Rectory was the drowned and ghastly figure borne. But here more obstacles arose. Mr. and Mrs. Harper were away, but Betty the cook was not. Betty had many virtues, but possessed as a counter, poise what is generally known as "a temper." It may be imagined with what sentiments she greeted the two men who "traipsed" over her newly deaned flagstones with their muddy boots, bearing the dripping and disfigured ?. corpse between them. Loud and long, were Betty's objurgations against " them, ? as tried to frighten lone women- master , being away "-while the kindlier feeling ?j. -M^,,,. '.?? .¡- ~-; boin of 'aaticipatiou that the remains should be deposited at the Rectory roused the" boole to such a pitch of fury that Giles aud Hodge-not unaccustomed to Similar storms at home-heat a pre ucpitate retreat. .'."Be Us to walk about all night wi' 'uhf" asked GUes despondently, as they regained the road. "Blow me if I ever pjeks'anyone o' t' pond again !" Rodges, looked towards the church ; ail1 idea, admirable in its simplicity, suddenly struck bim. *' Let's lay 'uh in t' churchyard." Th» fitness 0f this locality for the reception ..of .the corpse was so obvious tbi,t,OrUes instantly caught at the sug- gestion. , ."Put 'un in t' porch out o' t' rain," said Hodge, with the kindlier feeling born: of anticipated release from their responsibilities. And on the porch seat was ,the dead man deposited, to await the return of "parson." ! Archie, and I had gone out for a long walk.that afternoon, and Drayton was shut-iii his own room, wrestling with a j inathenvatical problem ; but Martin had | been! smoking in the garden, and had viewed the scene from a distance. Aware \ of .tíie ghastly object which the church porch held, he had deliberately induced rue to encounter. the shock my nerves had: received ; ignorant, however, that Betty, .who loved him not, had observed him sauntering in the shrubbery and watching the men. Consequently, when ¿he household set out in search of me, finding I did not return, Betty indig- nantly denounced Martin for havin» allowed1 me to go on euoh an errand without' warning ine of the spectacle I should' encounter. ;'fUut- you won't be troubled with ¡ Martin again, old chap," said Archie, j when at' length admitted to pay me a visit, "for he's gone, bag and baggage, j There was a fine row when the Reverend j came bock,. ]l was going to speak out j pretty plainljr, I can tell you, but j Drayton took the wind out of my sails, j You'know his quiet way. He walked in, ! and said right up before Martins 'Mi'. Harper, as you stated that your reading fatty would be composed of gentlemen, need scarcely ask if Mr. Martin will now remain a member of it. Should he, however, continue to do so, I must at once withdraw.' Martin looked pretty small, I promise you, and the Reverend said/ quite heartily : * You need be under no apprehension, Mr. Drayton. I have written* to infovm Colonel Martin that \- after what has occurred it is quite .im- possible for me to allow his son to re- main here.* So Martin's gone, and joy go with bim; and I hope ms father has .just-spoken put to him." Colonel Martin at least had the grace to indite an apology for what he termed his son's " unfortunate indiscretion," and to request that he should be allowed to defray' my doctor's bill, which Mr. Harper insisted upon letting him do (much ? against my mother s wishes), justifying the act by quoting Selden's ungáUant reason for saddling a husband, with Ins wife's death, "If a man will keep a monkey, it is fit that he pay for the glasses it breaks." The members of that "reading party" scattered shortly afterwards, and I have never inet any of them again. But I never pass "an old «liage church without thinking of the malicious trick once played upon me, when Martin induced me to encounter that ghastly " watcher in the church porch " one St. Mark's Eve. - 