PRAYER AND THANKSGIVING. The following document surmounted by the Roy al Arms, has been received by the Governor from the Secretary of State for the Colonies:— "At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the -At the Ccmnril phunber, Whitebait the 30$h.day of M?^^?W. ; By tfa? L<fed?fef *?? Present—-AtutiDisbpfrTO^XJMiiSfo^w,-- ijprd ' President, Bi*hopsirt Ijbndon, Lord Balfour of : &urleigh.; ."''.",''J~ . ' ' '' ' " ~ ~'? ; - i ? r*'it is ; thie day ordered T>ytheir' lordships &at-bta;'-Gfi?oeline .Lord Axcbtofliibp of .^Can terbury do prepare, a special form of prayer infl tnrakiimng to Almighty God for: the prijtfection sflorded, ?o ? tke ' Qneeaia Majesty that gqch form of pcayer and of thnnknyinng tensed in eJI; oPnrehes and Tih^pula in Eng land and Wales, aod in the iowa of. Berwick uroh^Tweed. on Sopday, the 20th day of June mat And it is hereby bather ordered that! bts-,MAJe6tc> printer, do forthwith print a. competent wimlier of: copies of the said torm of prayur jedof thanfcsgiring, that .tbe Bajoe may be forthwith seat round, and read inutile ee*ra?l churches ?nd chapels-of England ?nd Wales aod in the town of Berwick-upon- Tweed.—C. jL. Pbee." : The form ss prepahea by the Archttfihop of I Canterbury is as fallows :— shall be the i*ame with *he nsnkl office for Sundays in all dungs; except >rhete|tbin tbis office otberwiee Appointed. Hornmpm;?raningpayer shall begin with this seotenoe — .. I eihort tkat first of all supplications, made for all. noett1; for' kinjpi ana for ail that are in Mthority; *bai ?? may lead * qtfiet ?ndpe*oetal life in ail godliness and honesty; for this is good and acceptable onto God our S??ioxir.-^1 Tim. U. 1, % 3. \- Proper Psalms xx., cL,caai. ? Proper lrftfmomi. . Tbe first, Joshua i to t. 1&, or rrowtbs vjii. to v. 17. , The second, Bom. xiii. to v. U, or Rev. zxi. 22—xxii. 4. The enffra?ea next alter the creed shall stand ttns:— Priest—O I>ord, shew Thy mercy open us. ! Answer—And grant <w Thy salvation. Priest—O Lori save the Queen; - I : Antwer—ffho pottetb bet trost in Thea. Priest—Send her help from Thy holy place. Answer—And- evermore mightily defend her. Priest— Let her enemies bare no advantage of her. Answer —Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. . Prieet—Endue Thy ministers with righteous ness. Answer —And maka Tby ?*?—? people joy fuL ? - ? Priest—O Lord, save Thy people. Answer—And bites Thine inheritance. Priest—Give peace, in our. time, U Lord. Answer-^fiecause there is nose other that figliteth for us, bnt only Thoo, O God. Priest—Be unto na, U Lord, a strong tower. ~ Au?Wer—From the faoe of crarenemies. Priest—O Lord, bear our prayer; Answer—And let oar cry come onto Thee. After the first collect, tt morning or evening prayer, shall be used the following collect;— O God, which provides! for Thy people by Thy power, and rulest over theminlove, grant onto Thy .servant our Queen tbe spirit of wisdom and government, tdat being devoted unto Thee with all her heart, she may so wisely govern this kingdom, that in tier time tbej Church may be in safety and Christian devotion may continue in peace; that so, persevering in j good works onto the end, she may by Tby guidance oome to Thine everlasting Kingdom, through Jesus Christ Toy Son our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost ever one God, world without end. Amen. If Che Litany be eun? or said, these prayers shall follow immediately after the prayer, "We humbly beseech Thee," and if the Litany be not sung or said, then these prayers shall be eaid instead of the prayers ' for the Queen and for the Royal Family at matins or evensong. O Lord our God, who upholdeet aod goveraest all tilings by the word of Thy powet; receive our bumble prayers for our Sovereign, Lady Victoria (as on this day) set over as by Thy grace and providence to be oar Queen; and, together with tier, bless, we beseech Thae, Albert Edward Prinoe of Wales, tbe Princess of Wales, and all die Boyal family ; that they | ail, ever trusting in Tby goodness, protected by Thy power, and crowned with Thy (Radons and endless favor, may continue before Thee in health, pease, joy. and honor, and may live long and happy lives upon earth, and after death obtain everlasting life and elory by the I merits and mediation of Christ Jesus our; Saviour, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth aver one God, world with out end. Amen. Almighty God, who rolect over all the king dome pi tbe world, and dttposert of them t pleased (as on this daj) to place Thy Servant our Sovereign Lady, Queen Victoria, upon the throne of this realm. Let Tby wisdom be Let guide, and let Thine arm strengthen bar; let; justice, truth, and holiness, let peace and love, flourish in her days. Direct all her counsels and endeavors to Thy glory, and the welfare |of her people,; and give us grace to obey ber cheerfully for conscience sake. Let her ; always possess the hearts of her people; lather' reien be long and firaaperoua, and arovn her with immortality in the life to come; through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. A PRATES FOR OSIIT. I O God the Father of oar Lord Jesus Christ, I oar only Saviour, the Prince of Paace. give us i grace seriously to lay to heart the great dafigers we are in by oar unhappy divisions. Take , away all hatred and prejudice, and whatao ever else may hinder as from godly union and concord ; that, as there ia bat one Body, and' one Spirit, and one Hope of our "?n;*ft. one Lard, one Faith, one Baptism, one God and Father of as all, so ws may JMBcefotth be all of one heart and of one soul, united in one Holy Bond of Truth and Peace, of Faith and Charity, and may with one mind and one mouth glorify Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Ames, j In toe communion service, instead of the collect for the Queen, the collect "O God, - which provident" shall be said after the collect for the day. The Epistle.—l St. Peter ii., 11. Dearly beloved, I beseeoh you aa strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fiaaUy hntswhioh war against the soul, having your conversation honest among the Gentries, toat whereas they I speak against yon aa evildoers they may by your good works which they shall behold glorify God in the day of visitation. Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake, whether it be to the King as -supreme or unto governors, as onto tbem that are sent by him for the punishment of evil doers and for the praise of them that do well.' For so is the will of liod, that with well-doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men, as free and not using your liberty (or a cloak of maliciousness, but as the servants of God. Honor all men. Love toe brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the King. TheGospei.—St Macto*w xxv., 16. And thirf.sent out unto him their disciples' with ttee Herodiaaa, saying. Master, we know that Thou ariTtrue and teachest the way of God in troth, neither oareet Tbbuforasyiuso, for Thpu regardest cot the/person at men. TeU os therefore wbavtbnike.it Ibou! Is it lawful an *i? tribute unto Cfewomot* But Jesus perceived their wick?doeHiisdsaid, why tempt ye Me, ye hypocrita*T Show toe the tribute-money. A nrl they broggnt onto Hun a penny. And Be a&ith; onto them, whose ia -this .image and superscriptiont ' Tuey . say unto Him Caesar's. Then saith He onto them, render therefore unto Cesar the things ?wtiieh are CasarV sod unto God the thing* that are God s. When they had beard these words tbuy marveJied and left Him and went ibeir way. . Thanksgiving to be said immediately after the O Lord, our hcavSy'FaAet wwgrreTbe.: hearty thanks ior ii? many ttoSng? wh*ch Tbou hae? bestowed: upon us, during tbe 60 yean of tbe happy reign ofronr gracious Queen -Victoria. We tfcank Thee for progresi made in knowjedge bfV;3^^nYrV?Hou?*prk?; for increase of comfort Riven to human life, for. kindlier feeling between riuh and poor, for wonderful proaohing of the. Gt?pel Joo nrim* nations; ??d-we pcaySCnee that tbea* and ?H other Thy gifts may .be long continued to ?bs and to c*ir QwNaC tp tbe'?iory of Thy Holy name, through Jews Chrpt por Lord. 