THE CRITIC; ?Wbocaauaiajutelbra^diad Zeibis's rail? Ornoteunniovdi his ra2acioiiia:i- Ontic'J paja.' Parade bis errors to the p-iblio eye. And Eobher G-raudy's U;y i ' 'Latest Noose '! Windeyer dead. The Curse of Dean! Windeyer is its latest and Greatest victim. Sir W. C. Windeyer was the latest victim to the insidious Bologna sausage. It is not over-borrowing tbat makes the oolony so poor, it is the having to pay it back. Jaquant goes out of the hurley-burley to Lord Hovre Island. Lucky, plucky Jack ! The Han J H Young will enjoy reading ' the cuttingjletter of Mr W itaiaer, which appears in pur 'Letter-Bo^.' ^oluiijn on page 3. .i^aa anybody supply info;n}»tion -a^ .to 'the .'names ~oT GovernOf Phi llip'i Aide de -^Snp^^jWio-ij^ him '. when first tliat glanfied gaoler cet foot on the stone of Port Jackaon'a shores p ' Judging from the UQsatistaotory con dition of the qaancial barometer in legal 'circles, they'll j shortly, be ? called em barra&Mdera;, while solicitars will become so in fact' and indeed, alms- solicitersl For #ne recent 'charity1 ball, the self advertisers who ran.it sent out, to notables who ought to have been canvassed to buy, no less than 105 complimentary tickets. Verily, ? charity . coveratU . a multitude . of .Bins 1 : . : \- An overwhelming majority of members from all quarters 'Of the House, think there are three hundred golden reasons why the Premier should not dissolve 'Parliament- before the expiration of its term. - ? - ? Judging by the natiire of. the goods Spills by the hundred dozen) alleged to have been stolen from Elliott Bros, by Hutcheson and Becker, the latter pair .were sadly in need of a little opening medicine. _. The 'Bulletin' tips its pet, T. A. Cpghlan as next Agent-General, How good to have a. press barracker like the ' 'B^d Bird,' and how lucky ,T. A C., so ] often had his pen into that 'Plain1 En^ish' column. It i« a pretty state of affairs that allows a litigant, after giving a lawyer an order on -his or her -verdict for his fee, to give another order countermanding the first and draw the. money Jrom the court office, without leaving the fee- which has been [ allowed by the magistrate. I ' Another instance of the fact that the tee | totallers are the easy.&rat; most njiserablc^ | mean,'gluesome bipeds on this planet, is given by the position Mrs. Harrison-Lee is placed in. The lady has to start as a show woman to earn her ' bread and Cheese, which the 'Cawse' wouldn't 'supply, \- Hen of thought with iron nerve. Fronting error take your stand ; . Neser from your purpose swerve ,J Tiil )t osase throughout the Isud, Long and dfead the strife may it ; Ye yet shall have the muter/.' i - ^ W. S, Lajtdo*. The .prinoipal survivor of the- Moreton 'Bay yachting catastrophe seems, by ibis own account, to1 have been principally occupied ? in ^throwing overboard the cadavera i#f his ' less robust companions. It is devoutly -to be heped that 'he made ia strict 'exapiination 'before each 'put,' as te whether the vital Epirk had really expired. In the sacred name of Oharity a : very high functionary. ^ bows ' ' hia way inte every charity ahivoo, and ». tailed up by a 'nodtung*. gang of sons-in-law, daughters, daughters-in-law, and atten dant dudes., bo notorious has this des picable mesnnpss become that gate-keepers or tipket- takers simply tall back with a disgusted ^grin whenever they see the portly head of the probessien approachhig, aud let In the next 'twenty .or thirty un challenged, Bev 1\ J. Cory, Little Christian Min ister of Daylegford, ' Vii.,- and -his wiie have been receiving special . signs recognition from the Almighty receutlyl The gentleman was confined to he.l witli spine disease -for 5^ .muntiiR.'--«nitl Mvs^ Cory^ru laid up .witb iuteraiU '? tumofs. ' Both sufferers were given up as- hopeless by several doctors, when tlioy prayed for Divine 'aid, and -immediately they took up thfeir beds and walked. ? 'Pears ' at; if, a syndicate could be fo'raied.to work that claim, and its .motto ihight be * 'Thro w physic Jto-thed05s ?' The Bon- B tinker his at last done some thing-at ihe Federal Convention Debates. Yesterday he; laid, upon the table of the 'House the. following papers :—* : 'A return- showing the population of each- of the- Australian colonies and Tasmania on xhe 13th June, 18t*7. A return showing the revenue of each of the Australian colenies and Tasmania during the laBt-fioanciat year. A return. 'showing the expenditure of each of the Australian colonies and Tas mania during the last financial year. The ' Herald b ' unconscious humorist Has been at it again. Writing of a Sun day school picnic down the 'arbor, it states that the trip was quite ' an enjoy-ale one.' Just sol 'Twas such, a Giddy iokie, sing It didn't' want a wedding ring Oh, fie! You Sabbath teasher To go and be a Promise Bleacher ! And when she damages has wrung From you, you simply file, go bung! Is that the way you, scholars teach To fill the Matrimonial Breach 'i When the bridge goes across from Miller's Peint to Darling -street, Balmain, as it is certain it v»ill do in time, the drive from city, through Balmain and Leichhardt and via Parramatta-road «o town again, will be an immensely popular one. But Balmain -road, which is now only a lane, will have to be widened first, and now, while land is cheap aud there are few houses to cause expense and obstruction, is the time to do it. The Government ought certainly to resume the necessary land with as little | delay as possible, for Balmain-road will have to be widened sooner or later. I heard that a recently returned N.S. Wales volunteer, who disported himself with much pomp and pride at the Jubilee shiroos, was the other day seen at work ploughing on his farm. He wore a boiled rag and his well cut pants were turned-up, Picadilly fashion. Also he addressed his horses as 'demned low, ▼Ulgah animals,' and askod them ' would they please stand ovah.' Between times . he studied the 'Court Journal' and yarned, I: mean . conversed, with a by stander about his distinguished friends iiiliOrndon:' 'This ficritys-bets that next harvest will find that crop will be a. failure. Some people, and' especially some women, will do , anything, however degrading ' or dishonorable, to keep up appearances. One lady, a 'ladies' private academy, 'conductress, kept house-keeper, cook and laundress and man-servant and did not pay any of them' for months. Then the * brokers were iu ' and cleared everything, bar the servants, who wero left in the house without 'a bite or a brown to buy one. Next thing was that the poor deluded ones got a notice of their precious mistress' bankruptcy aud a polite invitation to 'send in their claims!' 'False pretences ' and 'fraud ulently obtaining ' ought to come in about here, in such heartless cases. . Indian Prince Ranji has other ideas besides cricket What he wants is a Kingdom on his own. It appears that the present ruler of Nawanagar, a very large and wealthy Indian .btate under British protection, adopted Ranji as heir. . Then Ranji went to England to -be 'educated and play orioket, what time the Jam Neds, the said ruler, had a bust up with' Ranji's papa, and so selected a fresh heir to succeed. Now, if Ranji is chucked out he will' have absolutely nix, and may have to fall back on profes sional cricket and book-writing — square diukum. But as the Imperial Govern ment and the Indian Government know all . about the . original ' adoption agree- j ment, the developments are. likely to be ! lively. Ranji is coming here anyway, previous to trying to open up .the 'Jam' j pot». The members of '.the . Christian Endeavor Convention are parading the city, singing hyxns outside public houses for the purpose of exhorting the drunkard to 'come forth and be saved.' Some of the young lady Endeavorera actually s^alfc into the bars to see for themselves what the devil is doing. - What is -the pnblioan to do when his sanctity is thus invaded ? Let us present him with a little hymn. There'e a land that ii fairer than day, And by Uith we can see it afar, Where the bcewere give bottles away. And no Christian fcadeavor era are, ? In the sweet by-and-bye, . We shall meet on that beautifol shore; In the sweet by-and-bye, iieorge Perry won't Jtnoek at the door. We shall sin? on tbat beautiful shore. And the liquor will daw. with a cast, There'll be roooey^day' travelers galore, For the parsous are taking a rest. 1 In thie sweet bj-and-bje, Boycc'e men will noc be on the go; In the sweet bj-and-bye Ths * Pomps ' will be working below, ? The 'Morcantile ' and . PrefesBioial Agency ' of ,72 Castlereagh-street, must, if it catches many 'members,', be doing a ?nng thing, with little or no risk, and wMid-be workers supplying ' the capital. Each person whe applies for a berth or answers one of the ' Agenoy's ' advertise-' ments, is required to put up a crown to. beceme a-'voember' for three menths. If by any chance a billet is found -in that time, . the membership ends, - tad the charges - are then : — ' For commercial situations: the amount ef one week's ' salary; for educational and professions'^ appointments : . 6 per cent, on one year's salary; minimum charge : 10s,' ~ If' no1 job comes, along the membership lapses anyway at tliu eud of thres menths, but' \ . ? \ ' ' - ' . the five bob remains to the credit ef the 'Agency.' ? There's nothing the matter with the 'Agency!' ' ? Tbat the Deity lias been taken under . tlie_ wing of the National Ass, Ls so far satisfactory, but -the difficulty is in under standing why Federated Australia- should be expeeted - to adopt* fena of ceremonial Which is presumably nqgleoted by the National Abs in its' (or his)own procedure. A passage in a contemporary indeed con veyed the impression' that a ' spirit 'ef earnest piety did indeed' prevail at the Ass's meeting, but we .are given to' under- stand that thiB originated in a'qiistake. It appears that 8 olerk in an office': in the same - building, who- was .passing the door at the time of the meeting about . the peti tion to the Convention, overheard the expression in the President's voice, 'Let us Pray,' and not having the intelligence to understand that this was tbe usual opening formula, . unfortunately reported the words ' in a misleading sense* The youth has, we believe, received a caution from his employers. WINDErEE! EXIT! Ta, v& i oh, artist in Suspension's Laws I We noticed your decease's cause— And, jumping Moses ! how it made us start ! ' Paralysis of what is termed THE HEABT !' We didn't know you kept such things in store ; Yet, p'raps, 'twas paralysed' long yeabs BEFOBE ! And Nature, finding you conld do without it, Let you hang on — tttat'a just about it! Old pal ! Jnst send np word to tell How all your friends are getting on in— well, We really don't wish to be rude, But simply here would, say, allude To victims, p'raps a goodish many, Who'll welcome you — those from Mt Bennie, And others, who, at later dateB, You eent to somewhat (h)altered states. But yet we fear yon'll get.all tiheol muddled, And Satan sure enough will, too, be fuddled ! What reason for this here suggested trouble '- Uieat bcott! Yon quite forget you've got a double ! Of course we mean in features quite yourself is seeming, A person who on earth was known as gentle Mr Seeming! Don't forget to tell 'em to prepare for frying, ; lis rumored here on earth thatD ? a is dying. You'll likely be in time as well to greet Good Mr Butler. Dear me! when you meet You'll poseibly express sincere regret That such a man you'd never met, Or asked on earth to take a drop Before roped in below to pto^. The race between yoa's QlOse^fhe had yon beat, . Although it might ~be termed a near dsad \- ?--; HSATi:...'; .... .. , . . : ? Still, if he fint passed is Death V little [ oheok, I He won, and beat yon only be skscii! They are really such great creatures, these 'London/press cablegraphists that one sometimes' wonders where they were reared. , Of ooiiirse we dispaiss .with con tempt the. suggestion that there are no London cablegraphists at all, and that the morning cablegrams are faked-up locally as required. But, on the other hand, when we see such an intimation recently, and more or less expensively conveyed, that 'King Humbert of Italy has recovered his' prestige,' we marvel greatly at the reckless waste of good money fooled away , over news which for all practical purposes might be concoeted in Sydney as easily as in London, And it was provoking- to have the news broken off. at' the most interesting point: The 'Herald' or the 'Telegraph* might as well have made us happy by the usual addendum informing us 'how the 'Royal Humbert came to lose his prestige, when he lost it, whether.it was advertised' for, where it was found, who found it, with other interesting particulars. - That we i could have waited- the ordinary coarse of post: to halve ascertained the par ticulars of this engrossing event, was, of course, not to be thought of. The Coshlak Cobse. Sir Saul Saimuel is shortly to be re tired from the position of Agent-GeneraL - Pending the appointment of his successor Mr Timothy Coghlan.will perform the duties'— Daily Paper. Who runs this Greed .eursed land— slim Cogh lan or fat Reid f Will Coghlan ne'er oontented rest ?— must we forever feed . ^ . , Hia appetite . for preferment, his . Inst for place and pow'r P Must undeserved promotion be his everlasting dower i While honest w6HK, like -desert flowir, dbtfi bloom and blush unseen, ' Sleek Coghlan blossoms forth, alert, e'er watchful, ever keen. ^ The guerdon that tcne merit. hathlosg looked and labored for' Is basely seized to fill cold Coghlan's e'er insatiate maw! . j An office that should typify the truest dignity Is ooveted — perchance secured — by toady ? Timothy; Ghosts of the dead retrenohed ! and you, poor slaughtered Fraser'e shade, Ob! say is't thus that calculating Coghlan should be paid ? . It seemeth — so appears, tbat Tim shall .great . and greater wax. In competent' .tho' plain he showed with Land and Income Tax ; , . What opcult influence there is mayhap we'll never know, . But still — enough . for us — doth Coghlan big , and bigger grow. ^ Arouse ye then, ye inert, listless men and loud proclaim This job shall ne'er accomplished be,. no: truckling Coghlan's name , As our Ambassador's be used — more fitted he , to , flout Out-spoken servants of .the State, to list to pimp and tout. The ohzSe of Beid and Timothy hang's o'er us ' like * pall ; Bnt yet, methinks, to those who'll look, there's writing on ths wall, - *? ' Thus far ' it saith 'yon twain have gone, prepare ye for yonr fate . ? ' ' Cowe/ Coghlan back again, and, Beid, give up .. the helm of Stat? ! . I ? ? ' A.B. P, j 