CHAITKR XXXVIII.-AS UNSATISFACTORY INTERVIEW. It was six weeks since Mr. Kennett hud despatched his ultimatum, and as yet there hud been no reply. Rough and tempestuous weather prevailed, which might to sume extent account for this ; hut. all the same, with thc impatience of quick uatuics, he waited eagerly and expectantly thc arrival of every post. It waa on thc evening of a black, lowering day that, anxious to obtain confirmation of certain rumours he had heard in regard to Calvert, the clergyman Bet off to Bee Bold Kriuk at his home. Thc door was opened by Scrib, whose countenance expressed some surprise at seeing who thc visitor was. " There ain't nothin' the matter, sir?" " Oh, no ! I simply want u little conversa- tion with Mr. Kriuk. Is he in?" " Well," answered the boy, hesitatingly, *' he's in, au* yet he ain't in, sn to speak. The fact is, sir, he's cu the go pretty strong. Biu as sober as a judge for a three week until yesterday, when somcthin' must ha' upset him, far he was just orful lost night, an he talked thc billies! stuff about dead men, 'It was a sin not to bury 'em,' lie said ; an' if he was a magistrate he'd make a law as no «perrit should be allowed to alter thc opinions he had when he was alive ; an' as for wecpin' ghosts an' penitent corpses, their proper place was in thc cemetery, au' not in folks' houses.' Von never heard such stuff in your life Bir." " He's drinking himself silly," was the sharp reply. " I must havo you back at Mrs. Heeu's, Serib : this ie no place for you." I don't want togo theer," was thc swift reply. " She's on'yu woman, an'I'd a di.al Booner live wi' a man. Besides, sir, Krink won't hurt me. He never hardly aez a wrong word. We've bin bavin' some fine nights while he was on the square. I've bin readin' to him every night." " What have you been reading ?" " Uh, heaps of things. All the boxes that belonged lo Mrs. Adams is in my room, an' one day I opened 'em. They don't belong to nobody, sir, because she's dead, an' she didn't leave 'cm to anybody. Well, thecr's the queerest things in you evei see. The nice clothes, just like them wimmin wears on the pictures-them acters. Sich short pet (¡cou ts an' pink Btockins' an things. Au' wigs, too. Such a lot ! All sort«, gray an' black au' yellow-long, curly 'uns." " Well, but you didn't read these?" " No, Bir, I'm comiu' to it. There was a lot of little books iuone of 'cm. Plays, Kriuk calls 'em, an' he says they're actor's copies, 'cos they're written on all down the Bides an' edges, no's you,can hardly sec the print in some places." "Indeed I then Kezia must have been an actress, or something of that kind." " Ves, sir, that's what Krink say«. Well, we've bin rcadiu' timm books. Oh, it is jolly! Why, sir, they're bett'r'n Bums I Oh, an' you should see Krink, 'an hear him I The way he shouts them things out, it's awful an' 'ud make your blood creep if they was reel. 'Specially one on 'em. Thcer's a ghost in it. A reel live ghost as talks an' walks vp un' down. ' Krink, ho plays 'im, an' puts Mrs. Adains'9 shawl ou, and he talks : about bein' his father's sperrit, an' how he walks I lie night an' fusts in lires. It's just I orful. lint Hamlet-that's thc fellow he talks to- ain't a bit frightened." " And arc you nut frightened ?" I " No ; 'cos it ain't prop'ly reel, you know. But Lord, it makes you jump, thc way he Bees it-'specially when he comes to a Jew, a Jew, remember inc I" I jumps on a cheer in I thc corner an'Buréame." j The listener laughed, and Scrib continued : "P'raps it's him readin' that piece con j lioually- 'cos he's alluB at it-as makes him i talk of ghosts when he's drunk." j " Very likely. Well, having conic an far, j I'll have a word with him. Will you tell him j I'm here?" The lad carried thc mcs&agc;, and presently j returned with the information that thr i custodiau of Broceo Houao would " be glad tt see thc gcn'lemau." Tho thick cloud of strong lobacco and tlx fumes of whisky almost made Mr. Kennell repent his intrusion. However, he was vcr) anxious to discover, if possible, what Krinb knew of Calvert's past career, and ho therefor! took the seat iodicaled by thc tenant of tin room, determined to make the beat of things His host was by no means blind to the dislik his visitor entertained to the surrounding atmosphere and maliciously blew out thick volumes of smoko until he became almost in- visible amongst them. " Was you a wantiu' inc very panickier, sir,' ho asked at length, after a few preliminary observations. " Well, not very particularly." "Thut'e righi, sir. A friendly visit's all very well, an a pipe an' a glass, if you'd on'y help yourself, air, lo ny I lier on 'cm, but I gita to positively hate that 'ere word ' bigness' arter Bcvcn o'clock at night." "Hal Idaris.y. "Well, my friend, to conic to the point, I walked up herc to ask yuu a few questions about Calvert." "Oh, replied Krink, dryly. His interfer- ence in Calvert's affairs had already lcd to trouble enough, and unless that individual himself called fur his attention he did not pro- pose to meddle with him again. " Yes," weut ou the clergyman. " I have an idea thal something in Calvert's past life was the cau-c of ino daughter's sudden depar- ture from Siictfield. In sneaking to mc that day slic said that so lung as she bore her present name it was impossible that lhere could be anything betweeu her und Mr. Blake in the simpe of marriage. It waB a common ex- pression, 1 admil, but, oddly enough, the same remark was mudo in a letter Bho left for Mr. Mlake. I huard some week s ago t hal you had had a row with Culvert the day before the news of it came to mc, aud thal you haà told him you could haug him if you chose. I lien, from subséquent iuqui. ies, I learnt tiiat he knew thc Treason fatuity yeurB ago, und that he and Abuer Treusnu, Mr. Blake's uncle, went to America together. How and why these cir- cumstances should bring a> out such a result as Miss Culvert's action I cannot pf course say. All thc same, 1 have a strong suspicion (hat they aie in sonic way connected, lam per- suaded you can assi-t me in the maller. Will yon do so ?" Krink poured out another glass of whisky, drank it silently, and shook his head. " What do you know of Calvert's antece- dents ?" " Nolbiuk. That 'ure's a drou of cood whisky, sir." "Come now, Krink don't be awkward. How long have you known the fellow. " What fello.v, sir?" " Calvert, of course." "Oh, him. Well, I'm sure I don't know, but I never did know much good uliouthini." '' I daresay nut. Pul how caine you to tell him you could hang him if you chose?" " Bless you, sir, I wer' drunk. Wine in. wit out." "I don't think that's the whole explanation, Krink. I'm not asking all this out of mere curiosity. Whenever you tell mc shall be kept secret. I'll promise you that." " You're very good, sir, but there's nothink lo tell. Nothink." "You positively refuse lo say auything, then?" "Who H-z I did, tir? I dou'l refuse no think. I kuow nothink ; but if you like mc io nick up a yarn nu' spin out thc same to you I kin do ii easily. I kin tell a lie wi' anybody." " Nonwnse," "Il ain't uoiniMise. You try inc Am I to start ?" "What, stan lyiug? Certainly not. Wlial I waul is the truth." " Then I know nothink-excep'-this 'cre'a veiygood whisky. An'you're very foolish, t-ir, not lo git outside some'u it on a cold night like this." "Good night, Klink. I'll call again when you ure sober." " Do, -ir, fer 1 feel uncommonly like coin' in for thc ' blind and pa'lulic ' to-night " Annoyed und disappointed. Mr. Kennett rose ami walked out silently, (.'ollie whal might he would put a stop to this kind of thing, and utnongsl the rest would remove thc boy from I he hands of ibis mau to-morrow. Il wis extremely dark outside, and he stumbled in leaving the door. PaUBing a minute to get accustomed to the surrounding btuckness, he heard thc sound of Bomeonc moving agaiust the house wall. The window of Scrib's room overlooked thc neglected garden, with its thick groves of laurel, and the lad had not yet closed the strong shutters that protected it. There waB a light in the room, and as he stood there Kennett was quite confident that he Baw a form glide across in front of Die window and into the obicurity beyond. With a quick step he followed, and rapidly searched thc place. There was no one there. Ho went cautiously over thc whole of the enclosure, but could find no traces of anyone. Satisfied at length that he must have been mistaken, he went through the great gates, and slowly on towards Sheffield. He had not proceeded very far, however, when lie heard his name called, and pausing in his walk saw Scrib Litton, racing beneath thc gas-lamps at the top of his speed, coining rapidly after him. (yo fte continued.) 