CLACKERY. ' Bat utlU bis tongno n on And, wiOi ita everlasting olaok, B«t Ml men's ems upon tho rook HooiBEig. Obit: devald Adams, New Norfolk town clerk. A son of Judge Adams and only lately married to Miss Lloyd. ' Some of these late meetings are a real force,' quotb the Christian Endeavorer pnTson. And the printer promptly made the Ia6t word 'farce.' Many a 'true word spoken by accident. Thus a News report : The business por tion of the Christian Endeavour Convention was brought to a close last evening and to day mauy members proceeded to New Norfolk. At the show : 'Hello Bill, bow yer gettin ou ? I knewed yow by yer back.' Of course they were bushratn ; a city mm is generally we iguised by his front. Owing to the exorbitant charge of the Boad Trust for landing pissengers at the Brown's River jetty, the proprietors of the s.f ? Nubeena have decided to relin quish . running for the present , and on Sunday their trip is advertised for South Arm. Tbe Governor went oat to the show la the fullness of bis legalised pomposity. He never looks bored docs Gormy, only a bit Bhortwinded and business-like. He lacks all that languid don'tchcrknow air which ever distinguishes the 'augbty Hinglisli and if hardly ornamental was certainly usuf ill as an object of curiosity. Rdmobed that the whaling barque Helm will slii,,) off to Sydney to discharge shortly, she being by this time fairly fall. Tbe rcasou is that tbe oil can be the more readily shipped to London from tbat port and will not be deUyed, also better terms are obtainable. Tbe crew will probably be paid ofi at that port. Advance Tas mania. ' Fish oh ! ' is a familiar cry jn every city, but in Hobart it is becoming con spicuously familiar by its absence. The river is full of fish, the netting grounds for small fellows bandy, but one of our pet monopolies has stepped in, and, with tho iron heel of the despot, made things lively for the unfortunate consumer. An Adelaide coachman, Baron de-Bos of Downpatrick, has come into £300 a year and a title. History says not what his other name is, and possibly it was -Faddy Down, as the acquirement of riches generally reverses things, and poverty turns them upside down. Tbs Carpenters' Union, whioh now includes every competent and reliable operative in the trade in Hobart, de cided on Thursday night to make a final request to tbe master builders for the 8s. per dav wage, increase to commence November 1. That a strike will be ?resorted to in the event of refusal seems a certainty. And why did the Launceston Club feel so aggrieved against Siredward tbat they refused to participate in his return festivity f it is said that the knight, who | was made a club member Borne years ago, I refused to consummate it on the plea that be was off to London. Of course the club were not indignant that they thereby suffered to the loss of fees. Gentlemen, do not cousid.r common fees 1 At an up country post office a lady presides who lias many admirers. One bucolic swain is bo enamoured that at the busiest hour be is always on band to obli gingly pass out tbe letters to an ungrateful public and freeze out all his rivals' chances of getting a word with the seductive charmer. His method is to stick hit head through the delivery window and keep it there until everybody is served. A push ing young man of this brand deserves to gCt — well he deserves the poEt-mistress Tbe eighth grand popular concert under the business management of Mr. J. M. Jacobs was giveii at tbe Temperance Hall on Monday evening last. A full house an before welcomed a company of performers who gave anumber of varird, vocal, and instrumental selections with admirable taste. The concert concluded with a farce entitled ' Hie )f ibs and his Nobs ' by Messrs. Geo. and H. H. Cook. The City Band and W. T. Bate' instrumental quln ttctc, and Misses Ethel Pearson, Marie Robertson, Bannister, Messrs. E. Macna ruara, y, Peet, and I?orbes Young also appeared, Tue old couple heard something about a macbine which did nway witb selling hens, und ol another which obviated setting milk. They were incredulous, but one of their eons k°' them to c'tne to Hie show and eec the machines for llieui Belves. Of course they were convinced, but after vieiving tbe incubator nnd the cream separator at work, they wandered hand in hand to a quiet comer ot the grounds and sorrowfully thoaglifc' the matter out. 'It's a fact, mother' at last said the old man with tears iu liis voieo. ' Yes,' Badly assented the old woman ' but never mind, John, the cows aud the bens will last our time. 'Sides, them cbick6 'Jl never live and that butter can't be'ualtby I1 Fact. Tee Dejected Daviks professes to recognise in A. I. Clark's retirement : A return to some of tba long-neglected principles of honorable and constitutional government. But what will it say if Clark - recon siders ' his resignation ? Sidney Seaman's recretary, Sam Smith, writes Jas. Paton ? ' Ben Til let t has sailed for N,Z. and will take com plete rest for fhe next two months. His future movements will much depend on hie dootor'e advice. Anyhow, he will stay in Australia well into next year, and I believe his health will improve sufficiently to permit him to visit Tas mania/ Centralisation ie earning. Mean while the police affa.ii 6 of a midland township are more than ever mixed. One day last week a lydy who suffers from a chronic affection for the cup that tanglus appeared ' before the beat, and was ordered Into retirement for a month. The watch-house keeper, in a spirit worthy of a kind- hearted gentleman that he ia, recommended her to go home, and turn up punctually for the escort train to Hobart. He forgot the wiles and guiles 'f the ladies until be found himself on the platform waiting for a prisoner who had left on a picnio by an earlier train 1 Dear Clippeb, — What are thinjja coming to P Not one trade, procession, or business seems adequate to produce a living. A man has to be Jack of several trades— with tbe usual result. Only tbe othor day I saw a stumpy sausage ven dor, who used to be reputed wealthy, doing his own painting nnd grainiug. Thf latter is superb — high art, in fact. The pattern would pass equally well as a representation of a crop of oat«, mallee scrub, or the figure of a crocodile. The plain painting is immense asa fly-catoher. Of course all painters will take their custom to this shop. — Yours, Owe Doa One Bone. Accoboing to the mineral returns for the quarter ending Sept. SO there is a shortage of 120 in the usual number of Chinese miners employed. Where here they gone P Also, what about the ship loads of bran-new Mongolians landed in Tasmania during the past year? Most of these were hooked for the tin mines, yet, clearly, thty hare gone somewhere else, taking 120 others with them. They are not all growing tomatoes and aspara gus in this colony. Have they drifted away on the flowing tide to the land 'top side Bassee Silait ?' If so, our legislators ought to be proud of constitu ting Tasmania, in perpetuity, the dirty back door to the mainland. It isn't often that the Evening Blan ket tells a yarn worth reprinting, but here goes ; 'A Phomising Youth.— Darid Walter Turner, a youth of about 17, pleaded guilty to baving been an inmate of the Training School for the betterment of bis character, which atsn early a?e showed signs of being anything but ruly. When he left tbe School be mean to get on, but couldnot got work. He did succeed at one place, but was only offered ' tucker ' in payment. This did not suit his independent spirit, and sooner than do work for nothing, which, as he said, be could not afford to do, lie used to go to Mr. Woods' premises in Murray etreel and pass tbe nieht in the outhouses. Recently -ne of the men found him there, but Turner had a double-barrelled j-iBtol in his possession, with »hich ho threatened to shoot the man. The police weto acquainted witb the ocenrrence, and a watch set for Turner, who was found thero about midnight yesterday by Constable Grainger. Most excellently done ! He was charged with being an idle and disorderly pcr6ou, aud tbe good old System shut him up for seven clays. ' Tbe Training School must now alter its educational methods, and is future, with the heel of Rumblcdon, grind out of all young Davids such adventitious aids to discontent as a desire to 'get on.' \V((h youthfui ambition carefully nipped in the bud, a willing hack for the sweater's is tlie result .' Tlieu no need for doublebar relled persuaders, as David will be allowed to come ia out of the wet and col J ; but be muen't expeot luxuries. On Show night the Derwent Dramatic Club, with E. A. Stacey in charge, shifted the silences of the Theatre Royal with ' My Partner.' For this happening the promoters and tbe performers deserved a good house, and got it, Staoey , as Wing Lee, was splendid, while Mrs. Staoey as Mary Brandon, Miss Ward as Posie PentUnd, and Clyde Roberts as Joslah Scraggs, filled their parta with something more than amateur ability. The rest of the cant upheld their end of the show with commendable skill, and taken by and large, the stirring drama went with vigor from post to finish. That the only Hobart Theatre should be tenanted by spiders, and ghoste, while talent su,ch as this is about, is a striking instance of the benefits of monopoly. There are 20,000 children in San Francisco who can neither read nor writo. 