sicw max. — — NOTHING BEYOND. (CONTTNTTED.) lyes,' I replied, but times have altered, x-am very happy in the rank of life whioh I have chosen ; you are equally happy in yours . Please remember tbat I am your paid assist- tant; you are Mrs. Carnegie to me in future.' Her bright face clouded over. 4 Of course I lovo you all the same,' I could not help adding, 4 but now let us see to business. I shall be ready for any amount of consultations after someone has brought me a cup of tea.' Mrs. Carnegie Btood still for a moment reflecting, then she went to the bell andjrang it. In a moment a neatly dressed maid appeared. Susauah,' said Mrs. Carnegie, ' this lady is Mies Boss, who has come to help us with our theatrical dresses, and this young girl iH her assistant. Will you kindly attend on Miss Boos, take her to her room, and do everything that is necessary for her. She would like tea immediately so have it brought, please. AIbq see that .Lucy Price is made thoroughly comfortable. The girl, a bright, pleasant-looking crea ture, answered in cheerful tones ; the next moment Mrs. Carnegie had left the room. 'You would like to see your room, Miss Bobs,' said Susanah. 4 1 should very much,' 1 answered. 4 If you will take me there now, I can take off my bonnet before tea. Is Lucy Price to sleep anywhere near me ?' 4 Yes, madam, she will sleep not far away,' replied the girl. 4 Come this way, please, Mus Boss.' I called to Buoy to follow me, and accom panied Susanah down one long passage after another.' I am sorry, madam,' said the girl, 4 that our housekeeper has been obliged to place you in a room so far from your work-ronm, but every corner of the house is full. You will be very comfortable, however, and por- haps you will not mind this slight inconven ience.' 'It does not matter to me in the least where I sleep,' I answered, heartily. The girl continued to trip on before me. .Buoy followed behind. We had now entered the old part of the house, and very old and queer it looked. The windows were narrow and low, the panes of glass diamond shaped, and so thiok as to preclude the full ingress of light. We stopped at last before a heavy oak door whioh Susanah opened, showing, a neat and cheerfully furnished bedroom. This is your room, Miss Boss,' she said. The shape of the room, the size of the windows were of course old, but the fnrai- tnre was eseentially light and modem. ' c A tplendid fire roared in the grate — in short, the queer old-fashioned room looked charm ing. ' And where is Buoy to sleep P' I asked, as J laid down my hendbag on the nearest -chair. ' I will take her to her room,' said the girl, the faintest shade of hesitation In her manner. 4 We are sorry that she is to be placed there, but there is not another corner.' ' I am sure Buoy will not mind where she Bleeps,' I said. Of course not,' answered Buoy. Come with me, Miss Price, then,' said ; Susanah. The two disappeared, and I spent a few moments removing all traoes of my rapid .journey to Derbyshire. I was preparing to leave the room to find my way back as best I could to my far distant sitting-room, when .Buoy Price knocked at my door. 'I thought I could show you your way DsoK, iYLiss Jttoss, she said. ' I noticed as we came along all the many turnings ; we turned to the left the whole time. In going back, if we turn to the right, wo shall gain your sit ting-room, madam. Well, como along,' I answered ; ' it was clever of you, Lucy, to be so observant. I hope you have got a nice bedroom.' 4 1 don't know, madam.' 4 You don't know ?' I said, for something in her tones surprised me. 4 Didn't the sor- vaat show you your room ?' 4 Sho did, Miss Ross. It seemed a little lonely and far away from every one, but I -daresay I shan't mind it when the time comes. I generally sleep without rooking all night. Oh yeB, my room will do. 4 Of course it will,' I answered. 4 Now .help me to find our sitting-room.' The rest of the afternoon and evening passed quickly. Lucy was invited to have ner tea in the servants' hall, and as soon as I had finished mine, Mrs. Carnegie came to rfetch me. Bucy had also to be summoued, in ovder to bring down the several bales of silk and stuffs which I had brought with mo from town. 1 met a large party of ladies and gentlemen in the hall where the acting was to take placo — a magnificent room some centuries old. A stage was in course of pre paration, one or two artists were busily employed, doing the scene painting. I un folded ray parcels unci spread the glistening staffs about. The ladies went into raptures, the men oriticised freely. I unfolded a.s briefly as I could a programme whioh I had made up in my own mind with regard to the dresses for the different actors. Mrs Carnegie was to take the part of Phobo, the Shep herdess ; two very handsome giria who were staying in tho house would act respectively Bosalind and Celia. I resolved to take, espeqjjfi pains with regard to Mrs. Carnegie's dree, ;,and showed her some ohartniug prints and cretonnes which would make up ex quisitely for tho shepherdess's costume. My wish was, of course, to let the dresses be as rural as possible. I had firm ideas with regard to colour and certain broad effects which would look admirable when repre sented on the pretty stage. There were Beveral really goodaotors and actresses in the house party, and enthusiasm rose to its Height when the scene of the Forest of Arden waB enacted for the benefit of several spectators. It was late before the ladies who were to aot had finally chosen their oostumes. I fully meant to be the dressmaker all the time, bat I also intended to be the leader as far as colour and design were concerned. As my custom was, I threw my whole soul into the work, and as was usual, found that my strong opinions, were easily adopted by the amateurs who were present. Before bedtime that evening the ladies had all ohosen their oostumes. I had taken their measures, and had arranged hours when each was to oome to me to be fitted on the morrow. Having done this much, I was tired and glad to go up to my sitting-room. Here a tempting supper was provided for me. I made some notes, arranged my plan of work for the morrow, asked Luoy Price to take a message from me to Mrs Carnegie to the effeot that I should require the servioes of every available lady's maid in the house, waited until Luoy brought me baok my hostess's reply, and then suggested to her that we should both go early to bed. 'I'm sure I'm dead with sleep, said the girl . 4 Well, oome and enjoy it,' I said. We left our sitting-room, again traversed the various passages, turned as before ever to the left, and soon reached my pretty, cosy, old-fashioned room, it was a bitterly oold night, and the fire blazed high in the grate. 4 Good night, Lucy,' I said, 4 sleep well ; remember we must be up early in the morn- ing.' Good night, Miss Boss,' answered the girl. She hesitated a moment, holding her candle in her hand. 4 1 wish,' she said, after a pause, 'that you'd just come with me as far as my room— of oourse it's all right, but it's very lonely.' 4 Why, here is Susanah ; she will take you. Oh, well, as you would like me to see it, I will come too,' I answered. 4 1 was jnst coming to light yonr candle,' said Susanah. She walked down another long passage, at the end of whioh wore two or three steps leading to a heavy oak door. This was pushed open, and we stood in Lucy's chamber. Tf my room was old-fashioned, this was unquestionably not only old. fashioned, hut eerie. It was a large room, three times the size of mine. An enormous four-poster occupied the position of importance in the centr > of the room. It wsb hung with heavy velvet, whioh may have been orimson by day, but looked blaok at night. A much worn Brussels carpet covered the boards. The furniture would have delighted many a connoisseur, being veritably Queen Anne, with moth-eaten tapestry covers. In the light made by our few candles it looked dismal. The room struck one as intensely oold, and I looked with dismay at the fire- loss grate. 4 Mrs. Mitchell, our housekeeper, is so very sorry she can't give Miss Prioo a fire,' said Susanah. ' We tried to light it, hut there must be some birds' nests in the chimney, for it smoked awfully ; we were obliged to give up. We'll get a man to-morrow to seo if the chimney oan't he put right. Perhaps you can sleep for this one night comfortably, Miss Price. There are a great many blankets, and I will fetch a hot-water bottle for your bed.' Susanah tripped away, and Lucy turned to mo. 4 Do yon like this room, madam ?' she said. 4 It is a little gloomy ana dark by this light, certainly,' I answered, 4 but it is in reality a very comfortable room.' 4 1 asked Susanah,' continued Bucy, 4 if there were any rooms beyond this, and she said, 4 No, there is nothing beyond.' I must be at the extreme end of the house.' 4 Well, you are not far from me,' I ans wered. 4 If you are nervous, oome to me. I would gladly have you sleep with me. but my bed, aB you noticed, is a very small one.' 4 Oh, of coarse, I could not think of that,' said Luey. She bade me 'Good night, and I went baok to my room. The contrast between my bright and par ticularly snug little room, to poor Buoy's dark but in some ways palatial ohamber, could not but disturb mo. I laughed, how ever, at the queer nervousness whioh had somehow oome over me. 4 The room is old-fashioned, but perfectly comfortable,' I said to myself. 4 Buoy sleeps like a top ; she will fall into a deep Blumber the moment she lays her head on her pillow. Now, I must not think of anything more, hut get quiokly into bed, or I shan't bo ready for my hard work to- morrow.' I removed my dress, standing by the fire aa I did so to warm myself. I had just put on my dressing-gown, when a knock came to my door. I said, 4 Oome in,' and Lucy Price entered. Her face was perfectly white, her eyes dilated with terror. 4 1 oan't sleep in that room, Miss Boss,' she said. 'What do you mean?' I said, really annoyed by tho girl's manner. 4 You know, Lucy, you ought not to be so silly as to give way to nervousness.' 4 1 know I ought not, Miss Boss, but I can't help myself. I feel that there is some thing wrong with the room — I oan't account for it, for I'm not silly as a rule ; and as to ghosts, I don't believe' in any such non sense.' 4 Well, what do you mean to do P' I ashed. 4 May I sit on a chair in your room nntil the morning? I had much, much rather if I might.' 4 You silly girl,' I replied, 4 how would you be fit for all the work you have got to do to morrow if you have no sleep to-night P besides, we have to he here for several nights, and you'll be just as much alarmed at sleeping in that room to-morrow. You oan't stay up all the nights you are here, Luoy. I am quite certain there is nothing whatever the matter. You will probably find that you have got a splendid room whiph you will be proud to have occupied when yon awake in the morning.' 4 Perhaps so, Miss Boss, but I'm not at all proud now — I'm shaking all over ; the fact is, I oan't and won't go baok.' I looked at the girl's white face, and saw that she was really very muoh disturbed. After a brief pause for thought, I saw there was nothing whatever to be done but to give her up my snug little bod, and go to sleep in the four-poster myself. 4 1 see you oannot help your fearR,' I said. 4 You shall sleep here, and I will go into the other room. When £ have assured you by a night's sound rest that that four-poster bed is thoroughly comfortable, perhaps you won't be silly to- morrow evening.' 4 Oh, I am so grateful to you, Miss Boss,' Baid poor Luoy. Tears filled her eyes, Bhe clasped my hand and kissed it. 'Foolish child,' I said, smiling at her. 4 Now go to bed, ard to sleep.' I made a few preparations, and soon after wards left Bucy to her peaoeful repose in my snug firelit chamber, and went to the room at the other end of the passage. It struck very ohill as 1 entered it. I resolved, however, to get quiokly into bed, and not allow myself a moment's time for thought. Before doing jso, I took the pre caution to look round the room ; as for as I could Bee, there was no mode of ingress but by the door through which I had entered. The room was panelled with oak, and I thought it just possible that I might be dis turbed by rats behind tho wainscoting. The windows were high, narrow, and set with diamond panes. Having satisfied myeelf that the room was all right, as far as I could see, I got into bed and put out my oandle. Then I suddenly remembered that I had oome away from my own room without bring ing any matches with me. 4 No matter,' I said to myself, 4 it is cer tainly not worth while disturbing poor Luoy now. The bed is quite warm and comfort able. I shall soon be in a sound sleep. Somehow or other I never felt more tired in my life. I wrapped the bedclothes high over my head and shoulders, and closed my eyes. I suppose every one knows the sensation of suddenly becoming intonsoly broad awake after one has got into bed. Such a feeling visits one ,now and then in moments of extreme weariness. It came toino this night. I am a good k,1 rule," but I found that I could not sleep. Each moment became more intensely wakeful. I turned from side to side in my large bed, and wooed sleep as assiduously as if I were, a lover. Sleep was coy, however, and would not come. If 1 had brought matches with me, I would have lit my candle and looked around wo on the chance of finding a book to read. In the ntter darkness I could not divert my thoughts, and I found them to my own dismay, turning resolutely away from alloheerful subjeots. I kept thinking, not of the work I was to do on the morrow, not of the beautiful dresses which were to grow into form and airy lightness under my olever manipulations, but of the eerie room in whioh I had found myself. 'There is inothing beyond,' I kept re peating to myself. 4 This room is at the And of the old house. The nassacre which leads to it leads to nowhere else. It is ridiculous to be nervous, but I am j ust a trifle nervous. I wish I had matches. Shall I go to Lucy for them or not ?' I had not quite made up my mind how to aot, when a sound in the rouin caused my heart to stand still. It was the stealthy sound of a footstep. I called out, 4 Who is there?' but there was no answer. The footsteps seemed to be proceeding from the door. On they oame, treading softly, very softly on the carpeted floor, but now and then makuig an old board creak as they proceeded across the room. I felt oold and sick. Why had I ventured into this room P Why had I given up my snug bed to Luoy Price ? Why had I not been warned by. her nervous terrors, and accepted her suggestion that she Bhould sit on a chair in my own chamber all night ? Unquestionably someone was there. Who was it P Who was this dumb person who refuted to reply to my question ? 1 was in capable of saying 4 Who is there?' a second time. My tongue seemed to cleave to the roof of my mouth. 1 knew if I made any sound again, I should scream — I did not want to scream. To my horror the footsteps came closer. One, two — one, two, they paced across the floor — they approached the bed — they paused — then hands f6lt me all over with stealthy quiet touches — they felt my legs, my arms, they even touched my hair and cheeks. The hands were cold — they had a hard and skinny feel. Still I kept back my screams. The awful 4 Thing,' for I could give it no name, hav ing satisfied itself as to tho nature of the oocupant of the bed, now moved round to the other side of the four-poster. The bed was placed about two feet from the wall at this side. I heard the footsteps come up the narrow passage, and then stay still. Now was the moment for deliverance. With a wild and sudden bound I sprang out of bed and rushed to the door. I caught the handle and tried to open it. To my horror it resisted all my effortB. The door was looked. Who had looked it P I felt for the key — the key had vanished. I can scarcely tell how I managed to creep baok into the bed. I did so, and lay half fainting and perfectly motionless for the remainder of that night. Not another sonnd did I hear. The room was as still aa a grave. The slow hours dragged themselves on, and at last — at long last, the blessed light, stole in behind the heavily onrtaioed windows. Even then I dared not move, fearing that the fearful Thing'that felt me all over in the night still be in ambush to spring upon me. At last the light became sufficiently strong for me to venture to raise my. head. I looked around; I could see nothing in the room. Gaining oourage with the increasing light, I ventured at last to get out of bed, aud to examine the room thoroughly. It was empty of any living creature but myself. I went to the door, and once again tried to turn the handle. It opened at onoe, and I saw that the key had been put baok into the look. So amazing was this that I might have come to the con clusion that I had only been the viotim of the moBt horrible form of nightmare, when my eyes were arrested by something whioh lay on the ground at the foot of my bed. I walked up to it, and examined it closely. It was a large loaf of bread, on the .top of whioh reposed a pieoe of baoon. ' Astonishment took away my breath. I got into bed. and waited until the door vas opened, and Susanah, bearing a large ca n of hot water, entered the room. I raised my head and looked at her. She started in amazement when she saw me. 4 Why, Miss Boss, have you slept here ?' she said. 4 Yes,' I replied. 4 Buoy was nervous. I don't think you ought to have put her into the room.' Susanah ooloured; then her face turned pale. 41 said so to our housekeeper,' she an swered, 4 bat she said that she'd most likely sleep all night and know nothing.' 'Then there is something to know?' I queried. 4 Oh, miss, for the love of heaven, don't -let on that I said it ; it would be as muoh as my plaoe is worth — it would indeed. I made no reply for a moment. Susanah arranged the bath for my comfort, drew hack the our tains, and pulled up the blind. ' I hope, miss.' sho said in a voice of hesi tation, 4 that you — that you "lope well.' 4 No, I didn't,' I answered curtly. 4 1 don't suppose that any one could sleep well in this awful room.' ' Oh, miss, why do you say that ? Oh, my TtTArtl rxrVi ot'o t)iof Ar» fVin flrtrtn P' Susanah's eyes had suddenly lighted on the loaf of bread and the piece of oold baoon. 4 Take them away,' I said. ' You know more about them than I do. I can't tell you how they got there — take them away at once.' t I spoke angrily. The girl's face, with its changing colour and hesitating manner, frightened me considerably. She stooped down and lifted up tho loaf of bread and piece of baoon, and walked out of the room with them. I jumped up and began to dress hastily. I resolved to sift this thing to the bottom. My impression during the night was that I was visited by a ghost, hut ghoBts did not care for suoh material things as bread and cold bacon. Perhaps, after all, my terrible visitant might be aocouuted for in another way ; if so, there was some mis chief going on. Yes, I would sift the thing. As 1 dressed, I resolved to Bay nothing of what had occurred to Luoy. She came into my sitting-room to help me almost im mediately after her breakfast. 4 1 hope you have had a good night, Miss Boss,' she Baid. ' I seldom sleep well in a strange bed, I answered, evasively. 4 1 hope you had . a. good sleep, Liioy.' 4 1 should think I had, miss ; I never stirred all night. I am sorry I was suoh a coward as to put you into my bed iu that dreadful room. I — I hope, miss ' ' Now, look here, Luoy,' I interrupted, I am not going to say a single word with regard to that room. You can sleep in my room while you are here, aud that is the end of the matter so far as you are concerned. If the snbjeot of our having changed rooms is referred to in the servants' hall, yon are to be silent. If forced to speak, you are to mention nothing beyond the fact that Miss Boss likes a large room to sleep in. I will confide in you; something did happen in the . night, and I am determined to get to the bottom of it ; but all will deponed on your having the oourage to hold your tongue.' 4 Oh, madam, I won't breathe a word,' said poor Luoy. 4 How good you are to let me use your room. You may be sure I won't say a word.' Soon afterwards, the heavy work of the day began. I felt strangely tired, my limbs were heavy and ached as I dragged them about, my brain felt less clear than usual. £ took no special interest in my work. When I went into Lucy's room to rearrange my hair, I noticed lines about my face which I had never seen there before ; my hair was dull and devoid of any bright colour. Had I looked olosely, I have not the least doubt that I should have seen some grey for the first time in my looks. All during the hours of that day, while I wonted and manipulated aud out out and contrived and planned, I thought of the ghastly night whioh was ap proaching. How was I to endure the sound of those footsteps? How was I to bear the feel of those bony hands ? If I were exposed to another night of equal terror to the last, I wondered if my senses would hold out. (To he concluded next week.) 