-.Chapter'XXIX.' August 27tb. v A long, quiet, peacetui wees. ixeu is up and about the room and gaining strength every day. Mrs.; Langrishe's progress is slower and less perceptible. Still, every day of improvement is a sign of hope. And ; what of James Langrishe? He. cer tainly does not trouble us at all.: Perhaps conscience has made a coward of him, perhaps the Dublin physician alarmed him. I only know that he never interferes with me or my assistant, a young nurse from the Women and Children's Hospital, Cork. 'Mrs. Langrishe is left entirely; in our hands. 'She needs no medicines now; Only plenty of light, whole-1 some nourishment. As soon as she is really convalescent I shall urge'her to come away for a change; She and Hell. I do not think the air of Knoekminqss at all suitable to her. . The household is still in the same dis organised state. We two nurses have tojpre pare the invalid's fpod ourselves, as the Irish servant has very.'little idea of cooking, at least of invalid cookery. I suppose^ she mailages her .master's dinners to his satisfac tion or she would be sent about her business. I am a poor eater at the best of times, and the plainer and simpler the food" the better I like it, but even I began to rebel a little at the watery soups. and greasy stews, and badly fried fish, which are served'to Nurse O'Toole and myself. Noll simply cannot touch any thing that Bridget Lebane does. I have to concoct jellies and milk puddings, and make beef-tea for her in my leisure moments. But I mind nothing now my. anxiety is at rest. Besides, Mary Langrishe is the sweetest and most grateful of patients. I came up from the kitchen ashort time ago. I had gone down to see to supplies and put on some fresh beef-tea for my patients. I had to reprimand the girl Bridget rather sharply. She had persistently stood gossiping with an old fish- woman at the back entrance and per sistently refused to attend to my call. For all excliB.e she told me that Katey Leary (one of the biggest vagabonds in the place) bad been "telling her "such a mighty queer story" she couldn't drag herself away. • I asked what the the story was and her garrulous Irish tongue ran on for fully a quarter of ait hour. • - Disentangled from the meshes of "I sez" and "Sez I," and some half-dozen family his tories of O'Hooligans and MacCarthys and O'Briens, I made the story to be as follows Three weeks or so back a juvenile Q'Hooli gari, related in some mysterious manner, to the redoubtable Katey Leary, had been out on an errand and was returning heme \by a lane skirting the foot of a hill some .couple of miles off. He saw a woman sitting at the bottom'of the hill on a heap of, stones, apparently rest ing; Her shawl was drawn over her head, lie • came close to Iier and she turned and looked at him: Her face, according to the boy, was "just terrible;" . He knew in some mys terious fashion peculiar to the Irish that hb had looked on no living woman—"'twas a sperrit, miss, sure enough, and he gave a screech and took to his heels and never stopped until he was safe in his mother's cottage." Now whether Tim O'Hooligan spoke of-this ad venture or not I was unable to discover, but certain it was that between that date and this the same woman, sitting in the Same position^ had been seen by some dozen or more equally credible1' authorities. • The story was1 going abont the neighboring farms and the place was getting an ill-name. - "Not," added Bridget, "that.that's to be wondered at, miss, for shure isn't it Dead Woman's Hill, where the. murder was twinty years or more, ago, an'.small wonder if it's haunted now'be thim as can't rest in or out of purgatory." . _ ^ . "Dead Woman's Hifi," I exclaimed, struck by a sudden memory. Where had I heard that name? I tried to think,' but for a moment I could not remember. Then it all hashed back. The girl who died in the hospital cursing James Langrishe's name. That was the place she had mentioned. . "I'll meet you there," shehad said. "At the foot of Dead Woman's Hill, at midnight." : . I had some of the Scotch superstitions. : I was not sceptical as to ghosts or apparitions, or legends of haunted spots, and surely this was a very singular occurrence. There was a place in the neighborhood called "Dead- Woman's Hill/' and probably its uncanny reputation" had made it a very safe trystiug-place. But yet was it possible? Could I really believe that, the poor ruined creature I had nursed in the fever ward of a London hospital was now haunting in spirit this very place? "Are there 'stranger things'in heaven and earth than ate dreamt of in oui'jjhilosophy,' I begad to wonder. : All day I have kept this story to myself and "pondered it in my heart." It has a queer meaning for me. I felt unnerved for the fir3t time in my life. A strange, unholy, longing took possession of me to see this thing for myself. To find out if it really bore the semblance of the girl by whose deathbed I had stood, whose lifeless limbs I had straightened for the.hideous sack in which she hadbcen sewn and taken to the mortuary. I thought over ways and means. I had not yet been outside the grounds of Knockminoss. My brief, spells of exefcise had consisted of a turn in the garden, a few moments pacing to and fro that long, stretch of sloping grass before the house. .. I had more leisure at my command now. Still, it would seem strange to start off for a midnight walk to a placo two.miles away. I must wait. I could not possibly do it until James Langrishe was out of tho way. August 2tftb. A strange thing happened to-day. The.dwtot :.camariup3tairs-afteri.l3rea3ilaat. He saw his wife and: made a few enquiries after her progress. I was, alone in the room. ... Nurse O'l'oole had gone to lie down in Jfell's old bedroom, which had been thoroughly aired and disinfected and which we nurses used now for our relief hours of rest and sleep. "I have come to say, Mary, that ! am called away for a couple of days," he said. j 'Now . that you are getting on so well you won t need me. t leave you in good hands." "Where are you going, dear?" she asked feebly. • , "Only to Cork. I leave to-day. X shall be back on Saturday at the latest." : She smiled affectionately and laid her thin transparent hand on his. Isaw his eyes fall on it. Itwas thelefb hand. The thick hoop of the wedding- ring looked far too large and heavyfor its emaciated strength. He drew his own hand away suddenly and moved aside under some pretext of altering the light. I had fixed up green inside blinds over . the art-patterned roller ones so as to keep the room dark and cool. "A good-idea," he said. "Was that yours, Deborah?' . . I saw Mrs. Langrishe start and a keen, sus- . picious glance shot towards me. Naturally it must have seemed strange to her, that utterance of my name. I wondered whe ther he had noticed the slip or made it pur- ■. posely. Nothing was impossible where James Langrishe Was concerned. . I answered him coolly and without looking at him. "Yes, Dr. Langrishe, it was. Wo get all the . morning sun this side of the house." " Would you like to change any more bed rooms ?' he asked with that faint sneer I began to know so well. "My house is quite at yonr service. . Pray make any arrangements you please." 1 I heard the poor deluded creature in the bed apologising for and. lamenting his dis- . comforts. It put me out of all patience. I busied myself at the other end of the room and turned my back on him. I heard some mora ' murmurs, some fond expressions, the sound of a kiss, and then he left. . ' I breathed freely. It was delightful to think that for three days there need be no espionage, no tremors and fears. I fancy I bad never realised how great the stain bad been until that moment.. When I. turned again and looked at Mrs." Langrishe I saw she was quietly crying — crying because that traitorous-wretch of a husband was going to Cork for two or three days. , Truly the ways of Women are strange and past understanding. (To be continued.) The provisional committee appointed: to arrange for a public meeting to; consider the advisablenes3 of talcing over a lease of 12 acres of land at Glenelg for the purpose of an oval are working assiduously to pub the scheme for the establishment of a well-appointed ovalinto definite shape. The Mayor of Glenelg (Mr. G. K. Soward) has called a meeting, to beheld ia: the local Town Hall on Tuesday evening next, to discuss the matter. ; It is anticipated that a strong association will be formed to provide the means for working the oval.; 