ANOTHER 'HAUNTED HOUSE STORY. The Paris correspondent of tbe London Standard writing on March 9 narrates an inte resting ghost story. Twenty years ago M. and Madame Babourault, then a newly married couple, who took up their residence in Poitiers first witnessed the extraordinary phenomena which still ocour at their house. At Boumeau and Loudun, where they lived supctttsively before coming to Yzeures, they were -the victims of the same persecutions, the pheno mena sometimes ceasing for awhile, only to re commence with renewed intensity,' In this easea-^rl of -about 12 years of 'age, Mdlle. Renee Sabourflult, seems to be the. involun tary medium. In any case, it is Bhe: who is at the present time particulary ; persecuted. For instance,, ^hen by chance she goes on a visit to friends or . relations the ? phenomena follow her to the place where she may temporarily reside.1 The displacement of objects has Beldom occurred, but fantastically shaped phantoms have been 6een more fre quently, especially in recent years, bv Mdlle. Renee. and noises of all sorts have been and are still constantly heard. At Yzeures a large number of tho inhabitants have heard the sounds. M. Reymond Duplautier, a barrister at Poitiers, having learned that one of his friends, M. Urbain, and several other persons living at Yzeures had heard tho unaccountable sounds, resolved to go with a few strong-nerved friends to expose the fraud. They went to Yzeures four times. Generally lights were kept burning the whole night, but when that was not done the lamp was lighted on the first sound being heard. The phenomena therefore took place in full light. In a long detailed account of. his four visits to Yzeures M. R. Duplautier. declares that on the first occasion he and his friends .heard six loud knocks 'on the stairs. The second night they spent Uiidor M. 'Sabourault'* roof was -a little more interest ing'. After h'^lf- past 1 o'clock in the morning a great deal; ,; of knocking occurred oii'the stairs, onjtio walls,;, and all around, some of the blows '/seeming to be struck in j the air several metres' above the roof of the house. Then came scratching tit a partition wall]] fol- lowed by the'noisebf the walking .of a rnarjin the garret above atod the pattering of a jfpiur footed animal Ittrmediately those unaccoiint abje.sounds were hWrd, Mi Duplautier awd'his friends exatnined'afcety the rooms from which they seemed to; -issue, but could discover nothing which could hh,ve produced them. As soon as the door was opened the noise ceased, but r.egan again immediately it was closed after the inspection of the room. During the third night the manifestations were very similar to those observed on the second. But on M. Duplautier's fourth visit they were for the Poitier's barrister and his friends- yet more extraordinary. Some invisible hand, which from the sound might be nothing but bone, commenced knocking at a partition wali as early as 10 o'clock in the evening. The questions put by M. Duplautier were in variably answered by three clear knocks and energetic scratching at the wall. After that, five hours elapsed without anything extraor dinary occurring ; but at 3 o'clock in the morning tho wooden stairs were heard to crack and groan undei-the weight of a colossal, though invisible, being M. Duplautier re gards the phenomena.'as impossible to be ex plained by natural causes or fraud. 