THE LITTLE HONTIE. PUBLISHED BY SgKCTAT. ABRXNSEKENT. By MESS BRADOON, Author Of "Lady Audley's Secret," "Doad Men's Shoos," "Aurora Floyd," ""Wyllard'fl Weird," "Tho Cloven Foot," "The Venotians," '.' Sons of Eire," "Thou Art the Man," &o.;, &o;, rCOPYRIOUI.1 SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I. and II. — Tho reudor is intro duced to the family of Mr. Lorwiok at 100 Palatine square, London. Mrs. Lorwiok, a busy London sooiety lady, is htiviug a short relaxation with her children, Eustuuo, Paul, and Fritz. Tho fathor takcB an interest in horso racing, and has sovoral animals enterod for various ovonts. CHATTER IY.— ( Continued.) tittle ns tho two boys saw of father or mother in the London season, tho week they were at Ascot socincd long and blank and dull, and tho ghosts had it all thoir own way in l'alatino square. Tho staircase — tho landings — tho win dows were full of ghosts in tho linger ing Juno twilight—in those still hours when London was dining, and thoro were no sounds of carriago wheels in tho square, and when tho roar of the l'alatino Hill was subdued to a distant murmur that might lmvo boon tho sum mer sea. Tho silont house — from which oil the servants exeoptonokitohon wonoh and a boot- boy had fled to their evon- ing amusements — echoed with phantom footsteps. Tho very air was full of ghosts — or tho feeling of ghosts, which was worse than tho actual thing, l'aul thought, since it included such hideous possibilities. Miss I'orry had givon him a little book of ghost and goblin storicB, translated from tho German — a fat, close-printed duodecimo — and from that hook of grisly horrors Paul had peopled tho houso in Palutino squaro. Ho "lovod the hook — indeed hooks could uot he too grisly for his liking — and aCtor such strong moat ho bored himself with 'Tom Brown,' or ' Jackunupos,' or the hoy who was ' Misunderstood.' ' I don't want to roud about hoys like myself,' said Taul. ' I'm misunder stood. I like something that makes my hair stand up on end — or would, if I wus a funk.' In tho Juno twilight, wlion tho deserted offices and servants' hall testified to the willingness of tho ancillary inioo to tuko tho uttormost advantage of tho absence — to spend tho afternoon at l'utuoy with u married daughter — of tho housokeopor - eat, Paul was a funk ; for thou tho Bonds and midnight bourses, and shadowless men, and doppcl-gaugors, and skeletons hung with clunking chains, und vam pires gorged with liumun blood, came out of the little fat hook of Gorman Btorics, and waited for him in every shadowy angle of the stairs. He could not see them, hut ho ltuow tlioy wore there. Tho empty rooms and closed doors — that souse of spaciousness and solitude — appalled him. Ho passed shuddering by liis father's room on tho half flight, a fine room built out at tho hack, over tho pffices, with a lurgo window at tho ond, from which Mr. Lorwick could look into his stablo yard, and oven talk to tho grooms. A choury room when futhor was at home, and people woro talking thoro, and passing in and out, but ghostly now whon thoro was nothing hut silonco and solitude behind tho closed door. Paul paused ono ovoning with his hand on tho door-handle, wautiug to go in and peep about, hut afraid lost ho should seo his father sitting thoro in tho twilight — tho spectral likonoss of his father, who was away at Windlcshnm. And thoro was no eloctriu light on thnt awful silont staircase — no friendly light to bo turned on at tho touch of a button. Mrs. Lerwick objootcd to tho cleetrie light, bccuuso it was cold, and garish, and — unbecoming. There wero only inaccessible gas lamps which that odious young man, tho second footman, would not como and light until tho liouso was pitoh dark. Kb ! IIo wns in tho stablos enjoying himself. A loud burst of vulgar laughter rang up from tho mows to tlio open window on tho back stnircaso now and thon, lnit thoro wns nothing lmmim in tlio sound — it was liko tho laughter of tlioso Gorman fiends. Upstairs in tho schoolroom Miss Perry sat by a window poring over a scrap of fancy work. Fritz liud boon in boil an hour, and Paul wus enjoying tlio privi lege of his superior years, and sitting up till nino. ' Aro thoro no candles ?' ho asked despairingly, looking round, the low dark roam. 1 Not uu inch of cnndlo. I've rung tho hell till I'm tirod,' wailed Miss I'orry. ' I don't boliovo tlioro's a human boing in tho bottom of tho houso —unless it's burglars.' .Pittman, tho middle-aged nurso, had provud hor oonfldoueo in Miss Perry by going visiting thvoo ovonings out of four during tho Ascot week, hut she had gonorously suggostcd tlmt Miss I'orry should trout herself to a littlo outing on tho' fourth and last ovoning. Sho hod friends in London, no doubt, who would take hor to a thoatro. Yes, sho had an aunt, u widow iu comfortuhlo circumstances, who would give lior some kind of treat, if sho woro frco to nccopt it; und this being so, Pittman did not rest till Miss I'orry had settlod all about hor ovoning out, which was to ho to-morrow, Friday. Mr. and Mrs. Lorwick wero oxpoetod homo on Saturday. Tho gatos of tho "VYindlosham Puraaiso would oloso with tho end of tho week. Rouuty, fashion, rnuk, und wealth, would fado away liko tho figures in a diorumu. ' I'll rnako thoso beastly sorvants hear,' said Paul, pressing his finger on the button, and keeping it thoro while tbo oleotric boll trilled shrilly through tho big ompty houso. Ho had hcon holding liis finger on tho button for five minutes before tho kitebon-drub appoared, brcathloss uud indignant. ' Whoro aro tho enndlos ?' rourod Paul. 'It's disgusting tlio way you beasts of sorvunts bolmvo whon your master mid mistress nro away.' Ho folt thoro wns manhood in this Tomonstranco, hut ho know tliut lio would not have dared to say ns much to tlio butlor, who would lmvo withered him with imporiul ' scorn, or to tlio second footman., who would have chuffed him, which would have boon even liioro humiliating., . Tho kitohon-wonch was surly, and told him that she didn't know why thoro woro no candles, and it wasn't hor . work to look after tho schoolroom candles. It wns tho third 'housemaid's work to clean tlio rooms. It wns tho second footman's place to wait upon tho young gontloinou. ' Aud am I to ho loft in . the dark because the second footman chooses to go out, you low boast ?' domauded Paul, fooling thnt this was a fit occasion upon which to assort himsolf. ' Go aud got some candlos instantly.' To which tho resentful kitohon-slut muttered tlmt sho didn't know whoro the candlos ' was kop',' and tlmt it wasn't hor work ' to look for no candles.' 1 1 should liko to know what work vou nro fit for, you idlo beggar,' ojnou- luted Paul, while Miss I'orry stnuding by kept meekly murmuring — '1'nul, dear, don't ho so rudo.' ' Vogbtablos — thorn's my work,' said tho girl, sturdily. ' Thon go hack to your vogotablos, you incorrigible slut. I'd rather sit in tho dark than bo waited on by such a low creature,' sniil Paul, who had hoard amnuly stop upon the stair, and tho footman whistling a musio-linll melody. Tho girl rotreatoil, sullouly mutter ing, uud a bright light flashed into tho schoolroom from the lauding outside. ' Como Thomas,' romonstrated Paul, as tho footman crnno in with his gas taper, ' don't you think it's rather rough upon us, your stepping oiit all tho evening.' ' I didn't oxpect you'd want any thing, Mr. Paul,' tho yontli answered carelessly. "Tho houso ain't hardly hcarahlo down Btairs on sueh u 'ot night.' ' You might roinonibor that all tho other men aro at Ascot.' ' I do, mid I wish I was thoro along of 'om,' said Thomas ; and thon ho took up tho music-lmll melody at tho soooitd purt of tho tunc, and lighted tho gas, turning up tho throe humors to tlioir fullest power. 'I should infinitely prefer candles this liotwoathor,' said Paul. ' Tho housokeopor says there's to ho no more candles burnt in' tho school room.' CHATTER V.. A Fashionable WiniiLrooL, Such a delightful summor. Mrs. Lorwiok and hor frionils woro never tired of oxpatinting on tho bouuty of tho woatbor. Sho hail something to do every day, something that took hor away from tho dry, dusty squaro. Tho boys saw hor drivo off in tho frosh morning, or iu tlio blaze of tho meridian sun, lior musliu frock hidden by a dust- cloak that was nil gauzy silk and dclieato lucc. Sho looked liko a fairy, Fluff said, us ho wont yawning hack into liis favourite comer, und strotcliod liis weary limbs on tho dusty carpet hcsiilo a orowd of ongines and conches that suggosted Swindon or Crowo, and tried to reproduce tho last dreadful uocidont ho hail hoard his oldors talking ubout. Poor Fluff wus very weary of him self and of lifo in ganornl that wonder ful summor. IIo hated tho squnro, ho luitcd tho stroots, ho lintcd Hydo Park, lio had censed to euro for his Blioltic, for ho had nearly always n hendauho, and tho pony's trot niado his head go ' bumpity-bumpitv-butnp ' — as if ovory tread of thoso iron-shod hoofs woro stamping upon his brain. Evory morn ing, with childish persistency, lio asked his mother to take liim whoro sho wns going, and ovory morning with tho Hnmo light musical laugh Mrs. Lorwick ropliod that it wns impossiblo. ' Thoro will bo only grown-up pcoplo there, dearest. It's qnito out of tho question.' ' Everything nico is out of . tho question.' ' Oh, Fluff, how ungrateful, whon I took you in tlio park yesterday ovoning, and you saw tho Priuooss, nntl I gavo you an ico nt G enter's !' ' I linto tho park — and tho ico inndo mo sick !' ' Thon I'll novor givo you an ico again.' ' Oh, that's bosh ! It only mado me siok hocauso I wns siok boforo — I'vo had a siok liondncho all tho summer.' ' Fluff, how awfully you oxng'gornto. But I'll got Mr. Vofritnun to look ut you.' 'I don't want his looks. Ho looks at my tonguo, nnil sighs ; und ho fools my pulao mid sighs aguiii ; and ho trios to look ut mo ns if ho woro thinking ; and thon ho bouiIb mo somo honstly medicine — and thon I'm 110 bettor.' Thoro scoinoil a long interval of opprossivo wonthor botwoon Ascot wook and Honloy wuok, but ut loust mothor wns nominally at homo, though sho wns actually out nearly nil day. Fluff wns startled from a bad dream sometimes by tho sound of tho enrringo stoppiilg, and tho shrill yap-yap of Spitz wolcmuing his mistress from hall or rout. Sho gavo three parties in that . interval — n iliincc, a musical ovoning, with opera singora and tho finest instrumentalists in Europo, anil a thoatricnl ovening with a little English ono-not play, which had novor boon noted boforo, and which wus so dull and trite that ono might hope it would novor ho noted again, and u French pluy of thnt goody-goody order which tlio Parisian actor reserves for tho houses of tho great, und the iiunisonioiit of tho English uiooss. Upon such fostivo ovonings Puul nud Fluff woro allowed to stay up till utter ten, in order to enjoy tho privilege of standing ut tho top of tlio stnircaso, and sooing tho ourliost uud least important guests ' come grinniug upstairs to jubhor to motlior on tho landing.' Eustace caiilo from Elstroo twico — on dontnl business — during that month of June. Tlio dentist compluinod of him to poor little Miss I'orry ns n boy lost to nil sonso of honour, ho seldom hnd(ho worn tlmt silver rogulnting- plute whtoH would lmvo inudu him beautiful iu tho future, at tho cost of considerable dis comfort in the present. . ' I can't play orieket with that beastly thing in my mouth,' Eustnco grumbled, and ho. gave the dentist to understand thnt good howling was much mora important than good teeth. How Paul and Fluff envied this oldest brother with his talk of cricket, nt which ho seonicd to ho u shining light — his chums, his tuok- womnn— ovon his quarrels and "fights! How inpeh hotter tho rough and tumblo of sohool lifo — mostly in tho open air— thiin 'stugnntion on n third floor in London, whoro tho heat wns hardly bonrnblo between noontide uud tentimo. Eustnco told thorn awful storios of tho bold-blopdbd cruelty of the- masters, hut oven thoso tyrants did not appal boys who wero weary of honio. Ho showed thorn un imposition, nt which Paul laughed the lnugli of tho scorner. ' Why, that's buby-work ! ' ho cried. 1 1 do throb times lis muuh Virgil with old Wurron ovory morning. I'm read ing tho sixth' book. .Ain't it jolly? Hotter than tho Arabian Nights ! ' . ' You're u liar I ' l'btortod Eustnco, who hated hooks, and couldn't under stand his brother liking thorn. 'You know that's gammon.' Eustnco wont bnck to school directly tho dentist hud done with liim. Tlio silver pinto hnil been through tho" fire, and had boon re-adjusted. Eustnco said it hurt his mouth worso than boforo, and it made him spouk with tho thick ness and iiulistiiictnoss of nu afflicted porson. He wont bnck donouncod by his mother as tho roughest boy sho had over mot with ; but as sho guve him a hamper from Fortnum's nnil a tip at parting ho could not think hor ua- motlicriy. 'Mother's a real good sort,' ho told his ohuras nt Elstroo, ' though she's a hit too much of a swell.' July began in a mnniior to carry on tho reputation of June. Farmers woro complaining of draught, nowspapors wero beginning to foreshadow cholera, sinco tho daily Truss has long sinoo mado up its mind that wo are novor to lmvo a glorious summor without thox dronded guost from Asia. Evon iu Juno, while tlio air is fresh mid summor is young, thnt awful impalpable pilgrim is croopiug across burning plains, und rusting besido poisouod wolls, and faring steadily onward, over desert and city, townrds'tho white- wingod ships in the-quny, to steal on board, unsuspected —a fatal, invisible stowaway. to be continued to-morrow. 