The crowd in Nelson place on Thursday night was enormous and between nine and ten o’clock numbered some thousands. A screen 20 feet square was placed in front of the Advertiser office, and on this detailed and tabulated results of the polling were thrown by limelight, the lantern being manipulated by Mr Kirkby. The arrange ments made by the A dvertistr were complete and worked without a hitch, all the informa tion obtainable being given at intervals of about twenty minutes. By half past eleven there only remained a few unimportant country constituencies unaccounted for and in these the results were not available on Thursday night. The most, remarkable feature of the election was the defeat of 26 candidates, whose return was strongly urged by the Age newspaper. The election for Williamstown has resul ted as we anticipated last Saturday—in the triumphant return of Mr Styles, who polled more than the combined votes of his oppon ents- Though 96 less votes were recorded than at the general election three years ago, Mr Styles’ majority is twice as large as the majority by which he defeated Mr \V. T. Carter. On that occasion his opponent waB behind by 330 votes ; on Thursday Mr Styles’ majority was 6S3 votes or 112 more votes than three years ago, although the total number of voles polled was 96 less. The consequence is that the election has strengthened Mr Styles position in a three fold manner, namely in the constituency, in the Legislative Assembly and in the country. The figures are rather in excess of what had been anticipated. It was freely said he would poll as many votes as his opponents but ho has polled 160 votes more than both of them, and thus secured a most decisive victory. The result, when shown by lime light at the Advertiser office, was received a crowd of some thousands with cheers. A wages question was the principal matter dealt with at the Council meeting on Monday afternoon. It arose in a two fold manner. The laborers in the employ of the Council had sent in a petition some weeks ago and it was set down on the notice paper for consideration ; and there was a notice of motion on the question by Councillor Woods. Councillor Hick (who was in the chair) said he would give priority to the petition, as it was first in order. It wonld be hardly accurate to say there was an under current of political feeling in councillors' minds ; for ths political aspect of the matter was on the surface and Councillor Booker did not hesitate to describe Councillor Woods motion was an “ election dodge," and said he should vote against it. It was now proposed he said, to pay as much to the day laborers as was paid to the contractor for horse, dray and driver, 6s Sd a day, and he said 400 men would be willing to take the place of the laborers at their present rate of pay. The Mayor said he had opposed the contract for horse, dray and driver when it was first let at 6s 6d a day, but at that time he got no support. Councillor Woods moved that the wages be increased, and the Mayor moved as an amendment that the whole matter of wages and salaries be referred to a committee for report. The amendment was carried and the motion lost, the Mayor and Councillors Woods, Hick, Booker and Ckallis being appointed members of a com mittee to report on the question to the next meeting of the Council. Commissioner Styles has given notice of his intenti to move that the sewerage of Williamstown be proceeded with without delay. The motion was to have come on for consideration on Tuesday, but as Mr Styles was unavoidably absent, the motion was postponed till next meeting. Proof, if any were needed, that electors, in Williamstown at all events,will support a reliable Liberal representative is to be found in the fact that during the past three years Mr Styles has advanced in public esteem in a marked degree. In the contest of Septem ber 1S94 he polled 1,125, or 46§ per cent, of the 2,410 votes recorded ; whilst on Thurs day last no less than 1,273, or 53| per cent., of the 2,314 ballot papers dropped into the . w-»= were, in.his favor. In other words, in he did three years ago. It is in accordance with the eternal fitness of things that an upright and able politician should be sup ported as men of character and ability are not over-plentiful in the political world. The members of Mr Styles’ committee are requested to attend an important meeting to be held at the Advertiser Exchange at 8 o’clock next Monday evening. “ The Corsican Brothers” was played before a large audience at the Academy on Saturday evening. It is one of the old plays and received a most intelligent inter pretation. There is a certain attraction in all the characters ; even the villain, M. de Chateau-Renaud, scorns to fly from personal danger and the same air <rf chivalry surrounds all the characters that exercises an influence on an audience that is very fascinating. Mr Harry Stoneham is such a very worthy exponent oi French character that he invested the adventurer Renaud with that finish and dignity which make French villainy so attractive. Mr Meade represen ted the Corsican Brothers and can be highly complimented upon the way he played the dual parts. There is a strong element of the supernatural in the plot. The murder of the Corsican in France is communicated mys teriously to his twin brother iu Corsica ; the time, the place, the hour. By a combin ation of circumstances which even the villain himself confesses to be providential, the brother of the murdered Corsican meets the murderer at the same time, place and hour as the murder was committed and demands there and then vengeance of the crime with the self-same weapons. There is such a strong traditional thirst for vengeance in the Corsican character, that a wrong done to one member of the family must be avenged by the next survivors. Renaud, though an accomplished swordsman, quaked before this prospect ; but when he found the Corsican Brothers were the only members of the family left, he engaged with the survivor iu mortal combat. The duel scene is one of the most impressive in the piece and was a Bplendid piece of stage play, both actors being*skilful and experienced with the foils. Renaud fell and as he did so the ghost of the murdered Corsican appeared. Miss Hayes and Miss Wilton can be commended for their parts ; and also Mr Hesford. All the remaining characters were well tilled. To-night an excellent farcical comedy, first introduced by Harry St. Maur, and entitled “The Arabian Nights” will be staged. The last concert of the season will be held at the Mechanics’ Institute on Thursday evening, when Mrs and Miss Morrell propose to eclipse all their previous efforts. Mrs Palmer, Miss Tressie Madden, Miss Florrie Green, Mis3 Chapman, Miss Styles and Miss Louie Morrell are to appear; also Messrs Gladstone Wright, Davies, Kerby, Parkes and Buchanan. The usual monthly meeting of the Wil liamstown Ladies’ Benevolent Society was held at the Mechanics’ Institute on the 12th instant. 38 families received relief during the month of September. Proceeds enter tainment given by Mr Russel, £4 7s 3d., collected per Mrs Down, 15s lOd ; Misses Seal and Heriot (bazaar), £16s. The Mayor advocates a progressive policy of public works on the part of the Town Council. When speaking at the Central Hall on Tuesday night, and at the Mechanics' Insti tute on Wednesday night Mr Styles said most emphatically that he would not pledge himself to support a reduction of the number of members of tne Assembly. And further, he would vote against any reduction of the £300 for each member, because he thought £300 a year quite little enough for a member of the Assembly. He was very outspoken on both these subjects. In our advertising columns will be found a letter cf thanks from Mr Styles to the electors of Williamstown for the splendid victory Liberalism achieved on Thursday. The same columns also contain a notification that all claims against his committee must be forwarded to Mr Urwin, Stevedore street. Mrs Honman, wife of Dr. Honman, returned to Williamstown this week after a visit to Europe. During her passage in the German maiiboat she was robbed of a valuable gold watah. Miss Hopkins, draper and millner, has removed to large new premises in Nelson place, next to the shop occupied by Messrs Simmers and Co. They were formerly oocupied as an auction room and have been very tastefully fitted np. 