LITERATURE. DREAMS AND GHOSTS.* Those who have arrived at the comfort able conclusion tbat more barm comes of believing too little than of believing too much may find the area of their credulity a good deal broadened by Mr. Lang's new book. The others will simply peruse it from beginning to end, with a lip con temptuously curled, and wonder whether the accomplished author's countenance wore the same expression when he wrote it. Upon that point we are not quite certain. But it is beyond dispute that this long looked-for work contains not a line bearing upon hallucinations, wraiths, apparitions, and dream visions worthy even to arrest the attention of a reasoning sceptic. It is simply an anthology-a collection of tales culled from the records of the uncanny, as handed down by very doubtful tradition. 2\To evidence, no analytical argument likely to serve as an opiate to our modern in credulity and cheat us into a belief that they are true. Herein Mr. Andrew Lang disappoints. It is more than clear that he believes a little himself-especially upon the subject of dream visions - but he does not, apparently, consider it safe to openly invite the credence of others. Sceptical people, therefore-those whom Mr. U illiani Howitt onee beautifully de-j scribcd as men with paralysed minds-must be content to find only entertainment in ^00'c- There is plenty of that, but a scarcity of the good, honest thrills so often supplied in fiction. Mr. Le Fanu was able to impress us very awfully with the reality of vanipyres, which we all know (or used to know in our receptive days), have been seen by the thousand, and are attested to leave their graves and wander about biting; ami bloodsucking their dearest friends.! oniularly with stories of haunted houses1 ami the common or corridor ghost. They! are true or false, according to the style in j much they are related. There is a mourn-! M lack of vraisemblance even about the J narration of quite recent miracles, like the 1879^ "^Inherst MyBtery in Nova Scotia in ? '10 ou^ines of this astonishing story, as! jr , on ?ath by Mr. Walter Hubbell,! o plumed himself on previous success exPosmg spiritualistic frauds, are worth lii'l"' however, by everyone who s to be amazed. Under Mr. and Mrs. 1 r°°f lived two sisters, one of whom I e ?Esl her, was remarkable for large ! l\Z eyeS\pretty little and feet, and I . dour °f expression. According to Mr. j ] ? te'k the tale in a tone of levity "le ontf from his "costal gazing," or "P ti 10 manner' it began like this:- | ^iRenniir1^ UP,one («he slept! the bed xr ,ayi.n? there was a mouse m j gan fo jf1 n#fc « ?reen bandbox be a foot in HioV"18 gin?JBe' then rose lovvjjig njlluf TB>r«fVe?ii. " 0n fol a swefiiT . ?®ther felt unwell, and 'was her alaiin^Tf ^ tlie werry eyes' of pealed thrmiJ??1 £orts like thunder; 8kv fitHcHer' under a serene Email i)i(v.»ftfky Esther could only eat a green nipklp ^i? a hutter, ana a large spite of tftinti u recovered slightly in her and b«t four nights later, ail settled down fn « 8 bedfIothes flew off, and Die's scream, h?" corner. At Jen-' found VSlS mshed in, and Replaced tfio i?aff,ulty 8w°Hen.' Mrs. Teed again thP niihdcloAe?' Kbich flew off the face J/°^n Te«l in serving in » 1. i® * the room, ob ibat 'lfe |?BJ ^)5iewhat nnscientifie epirit ivith a kiSnb^^-0/ The others, the edees^f n£'uLi tI'em cndi$> B&t; desire of fhe.bed, and' repressed the juvay i? 8heets and blankets to fly I'^tbuider i5°wefter'W forth B®"" Jul sleep." n Esther fell jnto a peace phenomena than were cafie ittlw ^.^ely-^ported Amlieret the local ^ * dlfficult to conceive. When his S j°.c ^ the bolster flew at fcysteX,. back Esther'*. -°ua ambbling on the -wtlU read, P«*»m and Ghoeta." h* Andrew! "Esther Cor, you are mine to kill." Pota toes subsequently Hew at another medical gentleman, and even in Esther's abseilce an umbrella and large carving-knife flew at Mr. Hubbell with every appearance of malevo lence, and a great arm-chair charged him like a bull. The mischievous devil evidently implicated in these proceedings took later on to fire-raising, just as in the analogous case of a Russian lady, Mrs. ShchapotT, in 1870\. Whether Esther and Madame Slicha poff were or were not impostors and inccn diaries seems never to have been quite settled. Mr. Lang, at any rate, demands to I know from experts in hysteria whether that malady ever takes the form of the patients setting fire to their wardrobe and | things in general. As regards crystal gazing, we should say I tlie author has a private theory of some kind not confessed. He is right at least in pointing out the almost universality of the belief that either spirits show themselves ] or supernatural visions can be conjured up by staring into some object endowed with the power of reflection. A crystal ball, a cup, a mirror, a blob of ink (in Egypt and India), a drop of blood (among the j Maoris), a bowl of water (Red Indian), a pond (Roman and African), water in a glass bowl (Fez), or almost any polished j surface are mediums employed. Land scapes are commonly seen, or j visions, sometimes reminiscent, some-, times, it is claimed, prophetic. Such credulity as Mr. Lang betrays here is due to the fact that he evidently traces a con nection between these phenomena and the power of persons whose "mental imagery" is vivid to "visualise." Put plainly, he can mean by this nothing less than the power to conjure up as seen at the moment the thing which actually is not seen. He tells us, for instance, of a novelist of his own ac quaintance who can "visualise" so well that, having forgotten an address and lost the letter on which it was written, he called up a mental picture of the letter, and so dis covered the address. This popular writer, however, can see no visions in a crystal ball. Matter-of-fact people will be inclined here to credit the act of remembrance, but to doubt the method. We are none of us such hide-bound sceptics as to overlook the fact that we know little or nothing of the process of memory. With all of us it is common to forget. We know the name of a person or a place-that is, we have known it-but cannot for a king's ransom give it utterance. The next hour or day the dis ability is removed, and we can recollect and pronounce the missing word. The know ledge was obviously with us-in us-all the time, but in a locked box. How was it un locked? By some process we cannot define. Mr. Lang does confidently define his friend's process; that is the only difference. The novelist conjured up a mental picture of the envelope. But this explanation will strike many as quite arbitrary. The admission of the author's credulity on the subject of crystal-gazing visions is the most explicit in the book: "As to the fact of such visions. I have so often seen crystal gazing and heard the Pictures described by persons whose word could not doubt, men and women of un blemished character, free from superstition, that I am obliged to believe in the fact as a real, though hallucinatory, experience." This confession of faith is amplified by -Mr. Lang's account of the successful seeing ("scrying" he calls it) done by a young lady, whom he presented with a glass ball in the spring of the present year. She knew nothing of crystal-gazing, but had pre viously experienced spontaneous and highly nseful visions-one prophetic of the Prince of Wales' Derby victory with Persimmon, which lined the pockets of her friends. With the ball she correctly described per sons and places familiar to the people she "scried" for, but totally strange to herself, and in one case added an unknown detail verified on inquiry. These veracious visions are not, in the author's opinion, to be accounted for by chance coincidence: "They were too many (I was aware of five in a few days), too minute, and too remote from the range of ingenious guessing. But 'thought transference,' lapping the mental wires of another person, would have ac counted for every case, with, perhaps, the exception of that in which an unknown de tail was added. This confession will un doubtedly seem weakly credulous, but not to make it would be unfair and unsports manlike." From which we should say that Mr. W. T. Stead has in Mr. Lang a very likely convert to the theory of telepathy. In the invaluable quality of "creepiness," the story related of the manifestations which accompanied one Bolter, a trader's clerk, on a Pacific Island, is facile princeps. Mr. Lang tells this as a genuine adventure of a Vipsman of his, a man of education, an artist, and a student of anthropology and ethnology, who has passed much of- his life in the Pacific. Bolter, who became this gentleman's companion, was distinguished by large black eyes, with a peculiar dull, dead lustre. He could see in the dark, read writing hidden in an. inner pocket, and so on. The niggers thought him a devil. It seems to the ordinary reader highly pro bable that they were right. Sleeping in the same bed with Bolter,- in a one-roomed hut, Mr. Lang's friend was awakened in the night by finding the door open, and four or five big black dogs romping round the bed. He turned them out, thinking them flesh and blood, but discovered after wards that other men, who had shared Bolter's couch, had been disturbed by the game "nocturnal visitants. Although the author does not state BO, we are inclined to conclude that they must have been the hell hounds of ancient legend. The worst, how ever, was to come. Bolter could not be awakened. His face, always pasty whites, Tffts now like marble in the moonlight. And meanwhile, the blanket was being gradually dragged from the bed. The narrator IjaJled # tub but van parked &wax.y;«p lentiy. He hung on, held fast, then faster, until it seems to have become & grim game of "pull devil, pull baker." The climax is thus told: "To get a better hold, I had taken a turn over my head (or, perhaps, simply to hide) when suddenly I felt a pressure outside on my body, and a movement like fingers-they gradually approached my head. Mad with fear I chucked off the blanket, grasped a hand, gazed on it for a moment in silent horror, and threw it away! No wonder; it was attached to no arm or body, it was hairy and dark coloured, the fingers were short, blunt with long claw-like nails, and it waB minus a thumb! Too frightened to get up, I had to stop in bed, after fresh vain attempts to awaken Bolter." In the morning an old Maori was found murdered in the garden, and the old man's hand was the thumbless object which figured in this scene. Host people will be at a loss to know what conclusion to draw from this attested narrative, save that of all room mates the mediumistic Bolter was the least desirable. On the whole, the stories which come nearest to impressing us with the notion that "there are more things in heaven and earth," &c;" are the historical ones, which are, or should be, well known. Lord Lyt telton's ghost, declared by Dr. Johnson to be "the most extraordinary thing that has happened, in my day," is a specimen ex ample. Lyttelton was a type of the wicked lord-a roue, a debauchee. On 24th Novem ber, 1779, he declared to Rowan Hamilton, to Captain Ascough, and several other wit nesses that he had seen a ghost (variously described as bird and woman), who had warned him he should die in three days. Although in bad health, he professed two days later "that he was very well, and be lieved he should bilk the ghost." But about midnight on 28th November he died suddenly in bed, while his valet was absent for a few minutes. There was no inquest, and Horace Walpole's suggestion of a pre meditated suicide, with the story of the phantasm thrown in as a last practical joke, is rather a far-fetched hypothesis. Lord Brougham's story has a close resem blance to a host of others, all tending to support the theory or superstition that the wraiths of the defed may appear to the living at the moment of dissolution. Brougham tells it first in his diary, then in his autobiography. In youth he made a compact with his close friend, G , that whichever died first should appear to the other, and so ,soh*e" any" doubts they had entertainedlife.aftcr death. They actually diew:iip and signed the .agreement with the/rrblood*, > went to i India. Broughad} Ijfid al«ft)fet forgotten; hisi exist ence untilx V^fen "taking a warHjrbafh in a Swedish hoM^^tuto^T^UBiioVards the chair on whicE"~ -He-3iad-"deposited his clothes. There sat G , looking calmly at him, and the future statesman sprawled senseless upon the floor at the sight. G , it proved afterwards, had died on that very day. Lord Brougham thinks he must have dreamed in his bath, and calls it a "singu lar coincidence." Mr. Lang does not ap pear to agree. There is not only the ex traordinary coincidence of the "dream" synchronising with the death, but the fact of the early compact immensely multiply ing the mathematical odds. 