PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) ANOTHER KITSON CASE. LONDON, December 11. — The Kitson slander case will not have been forgotten. Mr. Arthur Kitson (husband of the Australian heroine of that "case celebre"), was cut off by his sire, who died about 1881, with the proverbial sixpence, or — to be more accurate — with £200 a year, to be paid to him in quarterly instalments by his bro- ther. Mr. Arthur maintains— always has main- tained—that this act of paternal reprobation was inspired, not by his own misdeeds, but by tbe influences ot Sir James Kitson and Mrs. Play- fair, who, with another brother, cut up his legi- timate share of the property between them. Up to now Mr. Arthur has always been too poor and too dependent on his kindred to attempt repri- sals. Thanks, however, to the £12,000 damages obtained from Dr. Playfair, he and his wife are now in funds, they have decided to spend some of this money trying to upset Kitson "pere's" will. As the latter died worth close on £2, 000,000, the money. In the rather remote contingency of success, would be considerable. The grounds alleged for moving the Courts are insanity and undue. influence. The will proved was made a few months before the father's death, and it is frankly admitted he had then been recently in- sane. Sir James and other relatives, however, allege that he recovered sufficiently to attend to his own business, and to resume his active con- nection with the various companies in which he was largely interested. Perhaps the most re- markable feature of the trial will prove to be the production of an earlier will alleged to have been executed some six years before the death of the elder Kitson, and which is said to be sub- stantially the same as the later will, of which probate was obtained. I confess I look forward to seeing Sir James Kitson in the witness-box. Within the last 10 years several score of colo- nial notabilities must have come home to "settle the frozen meat trade" in London, which, how ever, generally manages to settle them. The latest arrival is Mr. R. E. N. Twopenny, erst- while of New Zealand, but now editor of the "Australian Fastorallsts' Review," who comes her charged with a mission by the meat export- ing companies of Australia to organise a London committee to advise as to the frozen meat trade. Mr. Edward Fairfield, C.B., of the Colonial Office, who sailed from England last Wednesday week in the Australian liner Frederick the Great, was two days later seized with apoplexy, and now lies at St. Remo in a critical condition. Mr. Fairfield is the perspicuous official who sus- pected the Jameson raid, and put Mr. Chamber- lain up thereto. The story of "poor Tom Bowling" narrated in the Divorce Court on Monday differs materially from the version of that hero's adventures a3 warbled by Mr. Sims Reeves. Tom, as In the song, is a sailor — a master mariner employed in the Shaw-Savill line — and his heart Is "kind and soft." So, too, is his brother's, Mr. Alfred Bow- Hug. And there's where the trouble came in. The lads loved the same lass. Her name was Flo, and she preferred Alfred. But whilst the latter voyaged to New Zealand, he fell over board, and was supposed to have been drowend. Assuming Alt. Bowling to have "gone aloft," Flo married Tom. Then Alf. rc-appcared, and there was trouble. For three years, however, Flo concealed her feelings, and remained a faithful wife, bearing Tom three children. But at last, during the latter's absence in Australia, her great love for Alfred overpowered discretion. When the husband returned this year he found two letters. One was from his wife. It ran: — "The only wrong I have previously done you was in marrying you while I loved another." The other was from his brother, who wrote: — "Tom. — You must know that from the time we were boy . and girl together we have loved each other. It was quite a mistake in the first place for you to get married, as you were not suited to each other, but this reason does not make my sin the less. For all these years 1 have kept my feelings down until an unfortunate moment, and since our posi tion dawned upon us, I can assure you we have not known a moment's peace." His Lordship granted a decree nisi, with costs against the co respondent, and gave petitioner the custody of the three children. The success of Hilda Spong in the "Duchess of Coolgardle" and "Kiss of Delilah" has been amply verified by a most powerful and pathetic performance of Mrs. Thornton In "Two Little Vagabonds" at the Princess'. It Is very seldom that a change In the cast of a piece running at one of the West End houses is noticed by the papers. But nearly all of them pay Miss Spong the compliment of reviewing her performance. You know what Clement Scott thinks of "the young Australian actress." Now listen to an almost equally eminent hand In the "West minster." He says: — "As Mrs. Thornton, Miss Spong in the first net perhaps shows more energy than true power, although it seems clear that she really has the qualities of power-. During the rest of the play, when it Is a question of pathetic acting — of the sorrow of the mother over her lost child, of her bitter disappointment when she is deceived, and her joy — Miss Spong really acted with remarkable ability, and by her tenderness and natural grace produced a vivid, somewhat painful Impression. Under ordinary circum stances we should hardly speak of a change of cast in a melodrama." ?.Ir. George M. Light, solicitor, of 32 Vietoria- Btrcet, Westminster, who since the death of the late Mr. R. C. Want, has continued his business of colonial law agent, and has acted as legal ad viser to the New South Wales Government in London, has admitted into partnership Mr. John Hammond Galbraith, of Sydney, Sitfce the "Daily Mail," in the course of a few weeks, deprived the "Daily Telegraph" here of a huge slice of Its circulation, the proprietary of the latter have been trying all sorts of expe dients In a futile endeavor to recover lost ground. The editor's last move, the "Bayard Christmas Testimonial," seems a most Infelicitous one,' and must, I incline to think, come to grief. The density of the lower middle classes, who form the main stay of Sir Edward Lawson's print, is pro verbial. Still, how anyone could suppose it to be a compliment to place the American Ambassador on a level with AV. G. Grace I fail to compre hend. What the Americans themselves think of the project we have not been long in learning. Tho "New York Herald" calls furiously for Mr. Bayard's recall, and the general feeling of the press seems to be that the Great Republic has been grossly insulted. Of course, "going round with the hat" for an ambassador does, when you think of it, seem most improper. It would have been bad enough ban tnere never oeen a cumu- pion cricketer testiraonal; but coming on tbe top thereof, tho scheme does approach perilously near indignity rather than compliment. Certainly, the "Daily Telegraph's" hope that this "spon taneous tribute" will "cement the tie3" which bind us to our American cousins is not likely to be realised. From the rumpus In the States about the matter the exact opposite appears more probable. Mr. Bayard himself, I hear, prays to be delivered from bis friends. The enemies who denounce him as a traitor to his country and a confirmed Anglophile can he dealt with, hut in discreet friends and admirers are the very deuce. It is to be hoped that the success of J. M. Bar rio's exquisite picture of his mother may not lead to an epidemic of domestic biographies by eminent hands. Imagine the unhappy reviewer having to read how "The Realistic Mother of, say, Eroile Zola implanted simple cerulean veri ties in his young heart; how Grant Allen's Mater AVho Would" taught him the A.B.C. of flexible ethics, or how "The Missus" ot Sims pere gave Gearg.; lb his first lessons in Dagonetese. M. ucloncle, of tne French Chamber of Depu ties, has discovered a new cause for Anglophobia, a most serious matter. Speaking on Monday , he referred feelingly to "tho loss of Australia ana Now Zealand, where the French were the first comers." Really, If our neighbors are going back to ancient history like this (remarks the "Westminster Budget") we shall have Silomo reminding them that this country has never had satisfaction for the unfriendly action of the Gauls in allowing Julius Caesar a jumping off place When he Invaded. Britain. London "Truth'' of tho current week has the following;— "Mr. Andrew Lang recently related 'At tho Sign of the Ship,' tho story of tbe murder of one Fisher at Parramatta, which crime was eald to have been detected, and the culprit ar rested, tried, and banned, through the ghost of tho murdered man. having appeared on the scene. ; 'Now does any .Australian archaeologist know, asks Mr. Lang, 'wliether a report of this trial exists in the archives of Sydney?' I am asked by i an 'Australian archaeologist' to assure Mr. LanR \ that no report Is to be found, for tbe6e reasons: | Ihore was no Fisher, no murder, no ghost, no arrest, no trial, and no execution; 'Fisher's ghost' was laid In New South Wales many years ago, and it has been left to Mr. Lang to resurrect the hoary- headed Impostor. Perhaps he suspect ed it wait a hoax all tbe time, though I fancy that constant draughts at the ever-flowing spring of 'psychic' nonsense and humbug are making Mr. Lang, like Mr. Stead, rather Inclined to swallow any Action in this line, no matter how prepos terous." The run of "Bound Together" at the Adelpbl ended on Saturday so far as London is concerned. Mr. Haddon Chambers If. now trying to Instil co herency into Miss Corellifs dramatic version of "The Sorrows of Satan." Clement Scott says: — "The 'Sorrows of Satan' do not appear to be con fined to his Mepbfstophelian majesty. As mat ters stand, they seem to affect authoress, dramat ists Innumerable, actors, actresses, syndicates, advisers, and dramatic doctors of every descrip tion. In fact, for litany days past it has raised sorrow at the Shaftesbury Theatre. But it is ever darkest before the dawn, and it is under stood that Mr. Haddon Chambers is tbe dens ex macbina who is to save the 'Sorrows of Satan' and the syndicate. Poor Mr. Haddon Chambers! When his correcting work has been done be will have, of course, to submit it to the criticism of t.be actors and actresses, who naturally know more about stage plays than mere authors do, and after that the public, which, happily, is tbe court of final appeal." An Interview with Mr. Guy Boothby in the "Windsor Magazine" does not afford me much grazing ground if I except some grateful allu sions to Kipling, who seems to have given the South Australian not merely encouragement, but sound advice in his beginnings. The time has now arrived for tbe literary aspirant (a fearsome person, as. I know, to my cost) to come to Mr. Bootbby for help. It Is delightful to give this, in tho rare event of meeting a writer of promise such as he himself was. But how very, very seldom does the opportunity occur. "Punch's" advice to those about to marry is the kindest to give 90 per cent, of would-be novelists. If shed ding ink, like shedding blood, relieved the pa tient, encouragement wouldn't matter. But the least little bit often produces horrible results. In tbe desire to let down a relative easily, re cently, 1 mendaciously said his infernal doggerel was "not wholly unpromising." He now calls regularly and insists on reading me each new poem, and asking, almost with tears in his eyes, "Is that any better?" Whilst I was away at Brighton he turned up and, finding no other victim, went down to Lhe kitchen and read an "Elegy on Mathilde Blind" to the cook. She in a very patient, but seir- respecting woman, and on my return she intimated that if Mr. H in vaded her dominions again she would leave. This Is not a joke, but gospel truth. Guy Boothby says of tbe aspirant: — "I tell him that if be is prepared to write for years without acceptance, just because he loves the labor, then he's on tho high road. The next question I put is, 'Are you married?' If not, get married as quickly as pos sible, or at least fall in love. There's no incen tive to work that will compare with this. My own engagement kept determination at white heat as nothing else would. And it doesn't end there, for now my wife's help in my work is priceless." Mr. Boothby considers "A Lost Endeavor" his best bit of work, and I entirely agree with him. The brilliant success of "Dr. Nikola" has in spired Guy Boothby to create another semi-hero, semi- villain of mysterious attributes, who will, Mr. Cyril Arthur Pearson hopes, achieve for his magazine the vogue the up-to-date wizard and bis cat gave te the "Windsor." I suppose thera never before was a periodical which owed itn popularity quite so completely to one story au the "Windsor" did to "Nikola." The bookstall men tell me tbe circulation dropped like lead when Mr. Boothby's tale came to an end. The South Australian's next hero will be called Simon Carne, and run through a series of short stories entitled "A Prince of Swindlers," which he con tributes to "Pearson's Magazine" next year. 