THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Cuiious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain ■ natives of India, who live up amonng the Himalaya Mountains. These old men, it is said, have devoted scores of years to the study of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the , world knows nothing about. Lately a German professor visited the " adepts," as these queer Hindus are called, for the purpose of finding out the secret of their remarkable performances. They treated liirn rather scurvily, but interestedhim all the same. One day the professor wanted. 4:p examine. squie - ancient Sanskrit ifianu-^ ipts.. An adept went with him to a cave* wherein the books were kept. The place was'as dark as "the"bOfctom of"»^welk ;leh.ir'fc see to -read,: here,"rsaid.. the visitor. -. 'i'rkeawe will have; some-.light/' was the reply, and immediately (the pro fessor says) a soft, pearly light brighteifed •the cave. He could not tell ^heB(Sr*it came, but he noticed that' itrhadr ^a strange quality—it cast not- the.siis&^eet shadow. •- This is a story hard to belie'ye, ~ jeiTfts .truth is affirmed by a man of vast learnitfg and high character, and you who nofr'tead it have no reason for doubt except that$11 the lights you have seen havecast^hado^s. Belief or unbelief commonly runs -parallel with one's-own esperience. Dr. .Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisboneaf&i; quake, yet credited the tale of the Co6k Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years. and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they 5)eiiov>; will. make him well. "What..else but doubt could result from his experience ? Take an example :— • ■ -: "In file spring "of 1888," write3 our "correspondent, " I' fell into a low, weak, and languid state. " I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first nay stomach was -deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I liad.paiu and weight at the cbept I was much troubled with the wind, ami frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervous ness and great depression of spirits. ' . I kept up. with my work, but had always a sense of-discomfort. Off and on I "cbn .tinued m this way for two years, nothing: that I took relieved ffie. At last I .beard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and.piocapejl a ■ : supply.-. After I had taken only a few dosesr I., found relief; my food digested, and.-, gradually all nervousness left me. Although I liad nO reason at first to feet any confidence" in this medicine,, never having used it or seen it used,.. I; now • gladly - admit its .value, .and its power over disease. . Since, my recovery, for which I thank .Mother Seigel's Curative'Syrup, I have been in the: best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. ■ • '(Signed) Dj ^Griffiths, , tailor .£$4 outfitter, ; 151, Hockley Hill, Bermin ghaut, 'June 8th, 1893." . - . ' There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffith's candid letter and the'st >ry about the light that cast no shadow. . The ,-lattee may be true enough, .-but it.cannot be veri fied without more trouble than.it is^worth. On the other hand we have a trusty witness, who will answer letters of enquiry, and can . be found at'hisTaddress. ' : i" Finally, there is nothing, mystic." or magical about Mother Seigel?s Curative Syrup. It acts on the .theory that, " most ailments are . but symptoms, forma,~ or phase3 of that universal disease—indiges tion and dyspepsia; it cures that and throws the light of health and. rhappiness over hearths and homes where illness rand pain had cast such dark and terrifying . shadows. And that is why people believe • all that is told of its success by eager wit- ■ nesses. 