Sporting notes ai Motions. BY NTTNQUAM DOEMIO. IT is on record that about this time last year a newspaper tout who reported the doing's on the Flemington training track expressed himself, after witnessingNewhaven execute a gallop, to the effect that if Walter Hickenbotham's charge could win the Derby lie would never "tout" for a newspaper again. Newhaven not only won the Derby but earned off the Melbourne Cup as well, and the unlucky scribe, doubtless compelled through the baneful effects of the Stock Tax, and the fact that beef has gone up to sevenpence a pound, has incontinently " returned to his muttons," and carries on the same old game. Somewhat similarly in the Press room at Caulfield on Saturday another newspaper writer-" a goodly, portly man, i'faith, and a corpulent; of a cheerful look, a pleasing eye, and a most noble carriage ; and, as I think, his age some fifty, or, by'r lady, inclining to threescore "-remarked to his fellow wielders of the pen just prior to the great race of the day " Look bere, boys! If Parthenopaeus, after his gallop on Thursday morning at Flemington, does not win this Caulfield Cup a bill should at once be brought into Parliament prohibiting tkepaperB from publishing training notes. If there is anything in trainers preparing horses for an event, or in us touts getting up early in the morning to take notes of the preparation they are undergoing, then Parthen opaeus must win this event. He has done as well as ever Paris did on the track, and Paris won the Caulfield Cup twice." But, as you all know now, Parthenopaeus could tmly get second, to a colt who had run but indiffer ently in the Caulfield Stakes, and whose work subse quently at Flpmington had not only been scarcely worthy ot recognition in the training track reports published daily, but had evidently far from satisfied the people most intimately connected with him. Had his party considered the Amberite of last Satur day to be anything approximating the Amberite of Randwick a few weeks back he would never have gone out at odds of 100 to 6, and as a matter of fact he was entirely neglected at the eleventh hour by those who had plunged on bim for the event as soon as the weights were declared. This was an ex tremely fortunate thing for the majority of the members of the Ring, who even now stand to lose "big money" over him, coupled with Fucile (his stable companion) for the Melbourne Cup. There can be no two opinions amongst those who watched the race closely but that Parthenopaeus had to work his passage from the nine-furlong post to within three furlongB of home under severe "pressure," his position (along the back of the course especially) being very.,; ^dispiriting to his backers, who felt confident before {lie'start that his phenomenal brilliancy would oriablo him to take up whatever position his jockey favpureel "jiiost. He got remarkably well away, too, beirijj third/' behind the two leaders, Key and Luster ; but'.before* three furlongs had been traversed he appfeared t6 >be hemmed in (on the rails) amongst a,general bunqb, and it was not till the half-mile . post.;was-reached that he possessed the ghost of a chanbe;\U§';ftt^tliat time, running eighth, thoso in front -of him being The Grafter. Malto, Paul Pry, Key, Foliage, Acton and The Hypnotist. At the tarn into the straight he was fifth (behind The Grafter, Amberite, Paul Pry and Kosella) ; but even then his troubles were far from over' and it was not until the leaders were at "bellows to mend " inside the distance that he obtained anything like a fair, run, which landed him a length behind Amberite as the winning post was passed. Ayrshire wns another of the unfortunate division, and the " swish" with which ho came in the straight (burning into which there were seven or eight in advance of him) has cauHed a number of his sup porters for the Caulfield Cup to still continue firm in their allegiance-to such an extent as to maintain that with 41b. off his back in the Melbourne Cup the handsome and strapping son of Dunlop and Hinno mun;jie will be " hard to beat." According to Mat. Harris' account ArnVi not escape scatheless in the mess-nn . "^'did the straight which so nearly brought q u nuitu ou Hourly DrOUtrnf r> 11 lr ul Water Color to grief. Harris says that bumped up against Metford, and that th^K ^ sion caused Amberite to lose fully UirBQ albeit when he got him fairly goi'nw a»ainli$ 5 fortunate enough to secure a posftionfe^ afforded him (as he himself expresses it} sR', ful run." What happened to him afterward!® explained in his own words: "At the five. post I thought it was time to get up 110] front. Rounding the turn The Grafter atid Color were just in front of me, and it oeeu me that there would be no harm in getting u break on the field. Everything went alon mingly. I passed little Water Color as wo the home turn, and went after The Gri quickly collared him, and when we got fairlji straight I was soon out by myself. I held 1 about four lengths, but just as we crossed below the distance-post Amberite seemed little, and got out of his stride. 1 quicli;, him together again, and made all haste to tl ning post, as my instructions were to win by] as I could. I didn't use the whip, but all t'h| had to keep riding him to the end." According to Mat. Harris's account " lifclll Color" must have run a thundering good ral nearly upsides with The Grafter as they appi the home turn, albeit from the Press box hef were not decipherable. Rosella did not run up to her track form! did Trent. Once-and once only-did the G training track flier flatter her numerous adn before coming to the turn for home, when sbej running third to The Grafter and Paul P| the pace was too severe for her (Ainberijj have run his last half-mile under 'lDsec., J The Grafter to the winner only occupied j and she finished ninth. Trent's ingloriouaj was simply inexplicable, although subse when the dear old "after- game" was on| trotted out and indulged in, quite a tun people nodded their heads in that Lord F sapient-like fashion so aptly described by ' the Prince of Denmark, as " Well, well, w or " We could, an if we would or " If w§ speak j" or " There be, an if they might." despite such "ambiguous giving out owner, Mr. J. O'ljoughlan, stood to win n Seventeen Thousand Pounds by tho vie horse. A sum of money that would " squaring." Paul Pry proved himself a First-class Eater. The son of Lochiel and Buaybo tremendously great raoe-such a raco ns to beyond doubt that Martin Payten (his fcrni have bad close upon a " foot thick" of con bim. W. Powell rode him very judiciou much more judiciously, in fact, than lie di TJp in the Hurdle Race- albeit in that eve have only followed out his instructions. W. Walker, a Sydney horseman, was up who, of course, went to the front as soon upon, and continued there for half the when Malto and the Grafter either dr or she was steadied, the consequen that she had to raoe on the outsid leaders right away round and into the; Her position at the finish-sixth-v creditable under the circumstances set she was actually conceding the winner <J1I weight-for-age scale, and, moreover, ran wi daged forefoot. The relative positions of Amberite at the finish adds further testim contention that "a good big one is betb good little one," even though the pood,, may be (as Key undoubtedly is) the Very her inches (14,4;J ) throughout broad Austr On the morning of the raoe Mr. W. thought equally as muoh of the oh ana Grnfter as of his elder brother Gaulus< bi latter figured at 100 to 8 in the qiiotatiq The Grafter was at twice those odds, stated, Gaulue met with a disability soon in(j the stand the first time, hut Tlio U played the boldest of bold fronts came at him, when the Carbine JJiw r^Tf^kuHphed over the Oozo-Industry Mi»W Grafter has been adorned by " vPry tradesmanlike head, and as he K"j to advance of Key it will pass without say $lL oraffced like » tradesman under the , "»Al fancies at the time of tipping-Foliage WhLf failed to in any way realise myexpect 1 ^hief and Dreamland whipping in the fijfout Of the straight, whilst Foliage only Eminently under notice half a mile from JV'L he was racing fifth, immediately m H Vcton The Hypnotist, Parthenopaeus and f' fly the way, The Hypnotist and Malto 'fhave been run to a complete standstill f, from the extremely rearward position they (in company with Canoona) when the 137 sec. gait had got in its good work. lid now, having dealt pretty exhaustively with itiincipal event of the day, I may as well give Lressions with regard to the half-dozen-minor -fewhich filled up the afternoon's programme, j before I open my mouthy in this connection, jae to make one (Jbservation : In these times "jjjrejsion Seven Races on one afternoon, when j'Lt does'nt start until half past 1 o'clock, is jilhertoo many for " several" reasons. Imprimis \mjmuch "in the first place," too) the Funds it Last Out} and Secwndus, the electric fluid works the starting machine is liable to sunt" under the strain-as it did at Che start leWindsor Handicap on Saturday. Six races a ire quite enough in all conscience, whilst lAy's experience-the last straw on the camel's |-with Staffa was further aggravated owing to lUtehour at which racing devotees were landed liitown. Not that the railway service was at tobiamej but-on Saturday night especially «btto be able to get home to tea comfortably lo'clock. a very large attendance, and the slight ib" of the atmosphere, combined with the fillof the favorites, ensured the best of good 'ithe refreshment booths. As a friend of om the West remarked-?" The people seem toed to keep their spirits up by putting them Plate, of eight furlongs, set the ball tadafter a half-brother to Quiver-named >had opened out favorite, the Pinfire push came m and deposed Turn. These little demonstra tions enabled the followers of Walter Hicken botham s stable to secure the renninerative odds nf ? - aKainst Mr. M. O'Shanassy's polt Carbinier, and although he got away badly and was "abso lute? half a mile from home he caaae through in. the last half- furlong and won easily by half a length from Alva, three lengths behind whom eame the three-year-old brother to Vivian-and Vigorous Valorous by name-seven others constituting the field, and the time being lmin. 46sec.. or half a second faster than Aurum won the Guineas in. though, of course, Mr. W. It. Wilson's Nonpariel carried 121b. more than him and won with apparently greater ease." Ca,rbinier-which, by the way, should either be spelt Carabinier (French for a rifleman) or Car bineer (English for a soldier armed -faith a musket) -is a three-year-old colt by Carbine from Barley, an imported mare by the Irish celebrity Baroaldine, her dam being Lonely (by Hermit from Anonyma, by Stockwell). He is engaged in the Derby and I Melbourne Cup, his weight in the latter event being 6-12. He is a-very fine colt, and, though somewhat backward in coming forward aa a two-year-old, is evidently like good wine- improving with age. . The next event, the Moonga Handicap, of one mile, also brought out half a score of runners, and as Manfred was in it with 7-7, and had the assist ance of H. J. Gardiner, the cocksure division of punters were not to be denied, but backed him down to 5 to 2, whilst Eugene (whom Bobby Dewis was riding 5lb. overweight) 6-12, was at 5 to 1, and Moonlyong 8-0 at 0's. Moonlyong won in lmin. 47 sec,but only by a head from the Sydney mare, Do voted 7-7, who started at 12 to 1. Moonlyong, who is by Mentor from Sierra, is the property of Mr. D. S. Wallace, and is trained by E. Power, being ridden by Charles of the same ilk. Manfred finished ninth and Canal last. The Second Hurdle Eaae, of a mile and three quarters, proved Murdoch 11-12 to be a^ much superior animal to what the V.A..T.C. handicapper gave him credit for, as he wore down Saddle Tin 10-5 in the last half-furlong and euchred him by half a length, whilst Insurance 12-1 was throe-quarters of a length behind Saddle Up,, with Wild Bird 11-0 fourth and Hirundo 11-4 eighth; the time being 3 rnin. 29Jsec. Hirundo started favourite at 4.'s, Wild Bird being atS's, and Murdoch at 10's. There were fourteen starters, but La Heine, Gay Lad and Response fell during the journey, A. Allen, the rider of Gay Lad. As an example of nerve when undergoing a try ing ordeal, the case of A. Allen, who sustained such fearful injuries through Gay Lad, having: two ribs broken, and taking: off too far in the Second Hurdle Race, is worthy of mention. Owing: to his scalp being: nearly torn off. no less than five and twenty stitches had to be made, daring the course of -which young Allen was engaged narrating: to Mr. W. Filgfate (the trainer of Gay Lad) how the contretemps occurred. Nor'-East was the only scratching from the Caul field Cup, for which six-and- twenty started. Parthen opaeus being a pronounced favourite at 6 to 1 (hundreds to eight being easily procurable against anything else) -whilst Amberite, the -winner, was nominally quoted at 20 to 1, albeit, anvone -who was so "disposed" might have obtained 100 to 4 with out any undue exertion. Out of a Quarter of a Hundred Staiters for the Nursery Handioap, of four furlongs and a half, they backed a maiden yclept Svmmetry (by Trenton from Buttercup-a mare by Panic from Lady Susan, the dam of Colstoun) 7-7 down to Two to One! You talk about Faith ! How did the followers of Mr. W. R. Wilson's stable display it by their works! And she won "in a walk" by two lengths and a half, in fi7Json. Svmmetrv. rpjothn P Well, it was. nn doubt " the Symmetry of Motion" ? on her part, but there was a decided aroma of Cemetery about some of the others. Prior to the race a whisper went round that a prominent personage connected with the St. Albans stable had informed his friends that he considered Symmetry " as good as Aurumand although that is rather a big mouthful to swallow the ridicu lously easy manner in whioh she cantered home in front of Florence 7-0 and Roscommon 7*8, covering the distance in f57£sec., or a second faster than Vigorous took at FJemington to traverse 88 yards shorter distance. And 38 yards represents a trifle over 2 seconds, dontcherknow. The "Windsor Handicap, of six furlongs, brought the V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting of 1897 to a close, and amongst the dozen starters were one to try and pick out a certain loser it would undoubtedly have been the South Australian Staff a (My Lord-Iona) 9-4 after his Toorak Handicap running, he having finished absolutely last in that mile dash. He went out at 12 to 1 in the event under notice, Mr. S. Hordern's Mirella 7-9 being favourite at 7 to 2. With a bit of luck, and better generalship by the lad on top, I think she would have won; but as it happened Staffa got home by a head from Fortunis 7-2, who only held a similar advantage over Mirella, the time being 1 min. 16 sec, A Sydney celebrity named Arden 8-10 ran in the Windsor Handicap, but although those "in the know you1 know" maintained-that he was' far and away superior to either Water Color or Fitzroy, he finished .way hack. Perhaps the left-handed style of running didn't suit him; either. Whether or not, 1 have it on excellent authority that some of our handicappers .intend treating him as though he had won in future. As the horses were returning to scale after the [Cnulfield Qup, there was a report circulated that F. Fielder (who rode Parthenopaeua) was likely * to enter a protest against Aihberite for' crossing him just after entering the . straight.} but although there'appeared to be'some sort of fouridatioh'for the rumour, nothing transpired in the way of attempting1 to upset the result. Tuesday morning was pretty bleak on Flemington Mooiya-keen northeast wind blowing; but the horse-watchers were at' their posts ready to take in the faintest semblance of a gallop, and masrmfy it if necessary. For ait this particular period of the. year the public must have their training notes Berved up hot and strong day after day in the news papers, and if the trainers do not send their oharges sensational gallops the scribes are placed in' a similar position to that the descendants of Jacob found themselves plaoed in when the Egyp tians called upon them to make bricks without straw. However, Alec. Taylor, Frank Fielder and Isaac Earnshaw came to their relief by despatching Wait-a-Bit, Parthenopaeus and Toreador for a mile and a half together, Wait-a-bit having a good lump of a lad in the saddle, und the outside run ning to boot. Toreador didn't seem to care whether he participated in the gallop or not, and his rider being equally nonchalant over the matter the plug ging ohestnut soon dropped astern and left the other two to battle it out. At the termination of the gallop they were pretty well heads and tails ; " but most decidedly Wait- a-bit had none the worst of it at the finish, and as the distance was traversed in 2min. 45sec. it will paBs without saying that the "go" was a sterling good one--good enough, in fact, to cause the supporters of the Malua- Lu cinda horse to feel on the best of good terms with themselves. A Tasmanian Derby representative named Eirids dale (by Eridispord-Aorere), whose appearance created a most favorable impression the first morn ing he put in an appearance at headquarters, aug mented this demonstration in his favor by swinging over a mile in splendid style in 1 minute 48 seconds, a performance which the mighty Trenton never bettered on the sand track at Flemington, when it was much faster than it was on Tuesday. Eiridsdale has plenty of sub stance-just the cut of a colt to hump 8-10 without .any trouble; and as he galloped like a stayer there are more unlikely things than that he will finish in a place on Saturday week. Aorere, the dam of Eiridsdale, is by Chester, and her maternal lines include the best and stoutest running blood we have inherited in the colonies from days of yore ; seeing that Kaipara (dam of Aorere) was by Groldsbrough from Maritana (by New Warrior from Mermaid, by Fisherman from imported Sweetheart, by lied Ilart from Melesina, by ITarkaway). Coil and Delaware both did what they were wanted to do the same morning; but nfeither of them were called upon to go against the watch. They are not likely to display their true form until they get on the course proper. And when they do get there, whatever puts them down will have to establish something closely approximating a record. Wednesday morning is generally recognised as an "off" one at Flemington, the vast majority of trainers giving their charges moderate exercise only in view of galloping, them stoutly on the Thursday. But as " the big horse " had arrived at Newmarket the preceding afternoon, in company with the Derby oolt Clarion (Carbine-Olare) and tha steeplochasor Ditto, there was a fair attend I ance of the recognised touting " talent " present to I compare notes as to his appearance and demeanour. For the most blood-curdline yarns have been spun about his " savagery," neither biped nor quadruped (it is stated) being safe of within " coo-ee" The erstwhile "Jersey Lily" (Mrs. Langtry) is stated to have won -£40,000 over Merman's victory in the Cesarewitch. and to have regretted not accept ing Mr. W. R. Wilson's offer, when on his recent visit to England, to dispose of Aurum to her for 7000 guineas. It appears the Lily offered the squire of St. Albans 5000 guineas for the Nonpareil, which offer was declined ,. but lately the lady has " offered a considerably increased sum for ^urum, provided ' she was allowed to participate in any prize money won by the colt during the V.R.C. Spring Meeting." Notwithstanding that Auruir. has receded in the Derby betting consequent on the backing of Amberite (.£300 to .£100) for that event, it has been (apparently authoritatively) stated that Mr. W. R. Wilson, after giving the matter due consideration, saw many objections to such a proposal, and has of the all-devouring son of St. Simon and Ponza. Personally, as I am not so supple or limber as 1 used to be, I had made up my mind to take up a wide berth when " interviewing" the monster; and you can judge of my surprise, on reaching the track and inquiring of some friends whether Positano had come down yet or not, to hear Ike Earnshaw make reply-" Here he is, coming straight up to you, in front of Clarion. That is he the fellow with the white blaze and feet." "He's a ' savage5-is he not P I inquired of the dapper New South "Wales trainer. "Not half so bad as some people have been trying to make out; he is right enough," was the quiet rejoinder; and strong in the strength I had deemed my weakness I " took a lunar" at the English-bred celebrity, and this is what I saw : A fine, massive animal, strikingly like Oakleigh in markings and conformation, with ab normal heart room, and substance enough to carry Lieut-Colonel " Bob" Robertson, of the First Bat talion, with all his accoutrements on. His condition appeared to be as perfect as possible, and he swung roiind the'sand track twice at quarter pace as if he had b6en usodt^the left' handed style of running all through his-racing calrebr. There was'nt a trace of viciousness about; hipa; and al together my survey of himr. brought vividfy to mind the remarks made by two independent English gentlemen who have taken up their residence in New Zealand-where they have bred some of the best racehorses ever stripped in Australia-when asked why they did not breed something to English time to try and win the English Derby. They were both agreed on the point that whether in the matter of physique or as regarded merits as racehorses the tip-top form of English-bred animals was far and away superior to that of even the best of our Colonials. And Messrs. S. Hordern and H. C. Dangar, of New South Wales, must have been im pressed with the same idea when they determined to import aome of the St. Simon blood to Australia. May all good luck attend the pair of them ! Clarion is a nice stamp of a Derby colt-perhaps not quite first-class, when booby dazzlers like Aurum constitute the top division j but evidently much above the ordinary. He is also in good fettle (a remark that will apply to his stable com panion Ditto), and as he cantered round put the old stagers of the track forcibly in mind (by his action) of his mater-the shapely daughter of Richmond and Lady Wilton-yclept Clare- at one time trained by dear old Abe Davies. The same morning (Tuesday) at Caulfield1 Trent performed so creditably over a mile and three-quar ters (negotiated in 3min. lessee.) that the touts assembled on the classic heath arrived at the con clusion, not only that he should have run much better than he did in the Caulfield Cup last Satur day (although they qualified themselves a little by adding that the placed horses in the Cup would beat him every time they mot over a similar distance), but also that ho is likely to be a dangerous Mel bourne Cup candidate, as the Flemington journey will be more to his liking. It is almost a pity this wasn't discovered before, and it is really amazing that his party-generally credited with being as shrewd men as the Australian Turf can boast should have committed such a "bloomer" as to back him so heavily for a mile and a half event at Caul field when his " slowness off the mark" placed him at a tremendous disadvantage. For my own part, I fancy Trent was completely outclassed on Satur day, and with regard to his Melbourne Cup pros pects I do not think he stands a Million to One show of finishing in front of either Positano, Wait a-bit or The Merry Boy in that event. Fleet Admiral continues to be a kind of enigma to the touts at Caulfield. One morning he will pull up " palpably lame" after a Derbv ""ii three days afterwards he will cove-'% three-quarters (m advance of Mora in 3min. 17$sec., and walk away as 1 This is-what he did last Tuesday Cnl the thins continues I for one shall a? deputation of newspaper men to va t trainer Tom Kieley, and.inquire of one what it all means, C~bled J° J.jaD^flrey definitely a. ofter. The best thing "Mr. Jersey" can now the circumstances, ;is to cable out a bio- hi forty thousand; and slap it on Aurum f,". -Derby arid Cup. If he wins the ZwU -a.nd with no uncertain'tone-even as '.J purchasing of an Aurum. The final forfeit for the Melbourne i'u declared before 4 o'clock next Tuesrl iyl (26th inst.), or nominators will be lia'bll balance (23 sovs.) of the sweepstakes day the Maribyrnong Plate and Derby w be correspondingly attended to. Thei Moonee Valley Cup will d militias larer« number of visitors to Mr. A 11 On situated course to-morrow. There am set down for decision, the Moonee Valley £$ in g at ten minutes to 4. Hn ' One of my earliest fancies for the Mnlbtih'rna -'Valiant 8-8-was withdrawn from Ilio'Wtf Monday. He has disposed of to Mr. II, E.lmf station purposes. * ". "What the Exact Income of an Engliah jam! is impossible to say ; but it is at all events matter to discover what his Minimum "fluim There is an English Joclcey Club rule ofSat-r which states that, in the absence of special:-.* ment to ride for a lower sum, the fee loSt'*'T jockey shall be five guineas and to a lofflSff three guineas, and when riding away froifiV' the cost of travelling expenses and il a (jay ing are allowed. The most successful jockey,! present day is Mornmgton Cannon, and he rode in 724 races, of which he won nn£ewor< 164\. The latter number at five guineas oaoh i represent .£861, and allowing three guineB^fl the remaining races-namely J5176'l-w 1' of .£2625 for the season. Calculating way Tom Loates' 638 races and 150 wins| ;82337 6s., and F. Allsop's 852 races ana would be worth .£2906 8s. to him. Durijj years up to, and including last year, 1079 winners, Loates 1101, and J. whioh work out roughly to about .£5000 i It will be noticed from the preceding that Cannon's gains from ' firsts" las' came to about one-third o? his aggregn on this scale, the three riders just named cleared a minimum of .£15,000 each in | In the case of such popular riders, ho\| earnings are far in excess of the araoi| Large retaining fees are paid to them ' of racehorses for the right to their they are required, and there are sevefj which one jockey is in receipt of retaining two or more employees, amongst wlio<n| understood order of precedence. Then,!1 receive as much in presents as most pf regard as a good income, and altogether wealthy class, especially when their afl ginnings are taken into consideration, f<| ton Cannon (wliois now at the head of hi" is only 24 years old. The Queensland Sportsman began itaj with the issue of Ootober 0, and toceloU birthday the paper was enlarged to 10 pj its re-oganisation and change of prop® October 1896, The Queensland Sporfsmfl grossed from four to six pages> tnen latterly to 10, the consistent nira boinfJ' ment of an authentic and up-to-ciajj Queensland sport and the drama. ? October 6 contained what might o " declaration of faith." The ciu'i'ont an announcement re the f°rthc°tiiiii? P . serial form of Mr. George GiiTen a ' j -twenty-five years of Australian aw Qrioket, the sole Queensland rights or s been secured by tho proprietors, w i J claim to have shown enterprise , their journal. The editing is m ^ of Mr', li. S. JJoss. 