TALK O' THE TOWN. Each Sly SstigrAilu, with Ills poisonous pill Kilos to the Printer's Devil— JIohack Hmitii Tiie Federation Bill got a mangling in the Assombly, but if ono is to judge by the tone of the speeches in thu Council, it will bo knocked about more rudely in the Chamber. The difference between the two Houses is that members of the Assembly do uot want Fodoration, hut seem afraid lo say so, while thu gentlemen of tho Council aluu are not iu favour of it and do not (nncCiil tliuir viuivs. Thn Lmvnr Hunan wnnld have liked to knock tho Commonwealth Bill into ihe proverbial cocked-hat, but for nomo reason or another, it satisfied itself with flogging when it would have liked to demolish. There will be no such scruples when tho Upper Hou&o; coinmuuccs business. When Mr. Want, who never believed and rather unwillingly tolerated Federation, gets dowu to work, aided as he will bo by Sir Julian Sulatnoti8, Mr. Charles Heydmi, and a few others who are now silent, but will bo very mischievous in good time, the Commonwealth Bill will be so riddled that tho Convention which is to receive and consider the suggested amendments next September will find plenty of work to bo done. UuIcbb thero is a wonderful chungo in pooples' views, I hardly think think this generation will livo to see Federation accomplished, and overy resident of New South Wales should be delighted at the prospect. This colony and its people have nothing to gain and everything to loao. This is what they should consider when they are asked to vote ' Aye " or 44 Nay " to tho Bill, when it is referred to them. At the present time, the bulk of tho people are careless. They kuow nothing about Federation aud don't want to, Mr. Gonrgo Reid is now on his road home. He is expected in Syduoy early iu September. Ho had a very good timo of it in England, but I question whethor ho was not delighted to got away, The right honourable gentleman is not the kind to get his head turned hy tho high jinks of society. A good description of the reception of tho Premiers at tho Oxford Sholdouiun is given in ouo of the papers. It reads; " After the vice- chancellor hud tukou his throuc, the Premiers were marshalled in through the main dour, each wearing tho gown of a D.C.L. This was a signal for a burst of cheering and npplauso. The Regius professor of law recited tho introduction for each muu, and having disposed of Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Mr. Reid took his place, to bu transformed. His efforts to appoar at ease mado him look as if ho were nervous. (So unliko Mr. Reid.) A kiudly youth cudcavoured to put hiin ut his easo by saying, 1 You mustn't be afruid, eir ; thoy ato only going to mako you a D.C.L.' Mr. Reid smiled, and then relapsed, as if ho wero bored. The undergraduates seemed to feel for him, and the company was much amused when a voico said, 1 Oh, don't mind what he is saying ; it isn't much. Tell ub what you thought of tho Jubilee.' Mr. Reid declined to look serious from that point. Sir Hugh Nelson, who wore his orders as a K.CM.G., was appealed to inmost plaintive terms to say whethor or not his Btarwas a Jubiloe modal, and if bo, what it cost, but he would ?ot deign to reply. Mr. Kingston bowod largely, and hold his hoad high in manly pride. You should really avoid thinking too much of yourself,' said a sage from above, who was immediately reproved by another sago io these terms 'Roally, though, ho is a very fine- Iookiog fellow.'" In a few days tho bridge across tho Coalbaggio will be opened for traffic. It took very many years to gut this etructuro. Tho lato Mr. Cass paid many a visit to tho Works Office, and speut somo cloquenco over it. But ho could uot mauage to pcrsuado tho officiate. Ministers were willing, but tho Roads officials gavo it a cold shoulder. It was not till Mr. James Morgan camo along that tho expediency of bridging the Coalbaggio found any official favour. Iu company with Mr. Stillwclt ho visited tho locality, and whether what tho latter saw convinced him or he was 44doludered" by tho member for Dubbo, I cannot say. I only know that tho bridge was at onco sanctioned, tho money put on tho estimates, aud voted by Parliament. Thoro is no doubt tho bridgo will be a great con venience to tho poople in tho neighbourhood, and that they think so themselves is evident from tho preparations which aro bciug mado for tho opening. I understand tho affair is going to bo on a grand scale. A considerable amount of inouuy has been subscribed. Tho fatted calf is to bo killed, and visitors will bo treated in a mauncr which will prove there is something a good doal moro sub stantial about thu Coalbaggio than tho ghosts which not long uinoQ made thu neighbourhood famous far and wido. In Adelaide -tho oity uf tho saints, with just a sprinkling of sinners to fiivour tho dish— thoro is at least one saint, who does not bclievo that dancing is a sort of diabolio diversion. His name is Robertson, and speaking a few evenings sioco ut tho Lothian Club— a local organisation, smolling strongly of north of tho Twcod— ho said it was 44 a mistake for clorgymen not to associate them selves with tho social life of tho pooplo moro thun they did. rhis dissociation was more marked iu South Australia than iu Scotland. There wero no pubhc dinners nor municipal gatherings thero without the local minister. In Adelaido they seldom saw a clergyman taking part in social gatherings. It wus all very well for a clergyman to bo always preaching, hut they sometimes got preached to death themselves. It was a great privilege to get into tho surroundings of tho natural lite ot tho people. Ho nover for tho life of him ooold soc why thoy should not have a daooe. Nothing whatever would pereuade him that danaing was wrong." And so say all of us. I notico that in tho last roport of tho Chief . Inspector of Stuok, he has omitted to state the numbor of kangaroos, wallabies, &a;, in Now South Wales. Like many others he perhaps thought the Gguros wero oat oxactly reliable and hardly worth recording. But he gives us ffgures for which he oan rely on facta instead of imagination. He toils os that during 1896 the " number of kangaroos destroyed was 80.639; of kangaroo rats, 160,808; of wallabies, 655,309; of wombats 112; of bundi- UUUbB, i,o/u , Ui puuuy lilUIUUO, X.LfJVl , Ul WIIU 23,300 ; of hartB 551,548 ; of foxes, 66 ; of native dogs, 13,138; of opossums, 7,142; of uagluhuwks, 8,810; of crows 48.303 ; of omus, 4,050 ; and of flying foxes, 3,591." Notwithstanding this pretty whole sale sluughter, from all accounts, tho varlouB pests are on the inoreaso. It is also unsatisfactory to ieara that during tho year nativo dogs killed 195,455 shcop, valued at £35,760, and tame dogs 62,135 sheep, valued at £12,916. With regard to tho latter loss, it certainly should bo proventible, and few peoplo will disagree with Mr Brace's asBortion 44 that a stricter enforcement of tbo law with rospoct to stray dogs is urgently required." , Mr. Georgo Bullcr, a member of tho Dampier Drumatic Company, has in his possession a memorial of thu great genius who created Tom Ncwoome, Major Pendenoue, Georgo Dobbin, Becky Sharp, und a sooro of other characters who will livo as long as tho English language, It ia a silver watch, bearing the inscription, 44 To S. James, from William Makepeace Thaokeray, 1852." Mr. Jiimoa hold u position for years in the Gonoral Post Offico. Sydney, and, on his death, bequeathed the watch to Mr. Bullcr, who is justly proud of it, and treasures it, not only aa a reminisccoco of hia dead friend, but also of the gentto satirist, whoso worxs evon now rank among the Britten classics. Tho ball whioh is beld aonually in connection with tho Dubbo Hospital takes plaoo oarly next mouth, and is to bo hoped it will prove a social and financial success. Somo of tho good people in thoso parts object to public balls— they are, you know, 44 so mixed" — but thoy should remember that if his ExooUcnoy the Governor and the Countess of Hampden cao attend a charity ball in Sydney, tho 44 very nicest " pooplo in Dubbo oan do the same thiug here, without in any way hurting their diguity. If the "common peoplo " do once in a way touch the hem of their garments, they need not bo afraid that their high and mighty respoutability,will suffer. Aro wo not somewhero . told that a Great Ouo so humbled Himsolf as to wash a beggar's feet? WILL HONEYCOMB. 