Af iRIfilNAL BELIE. [?] CHAPTER XXV.'— (Continued.* A stormy day, iiot fair from the middle of April, endeoT in a stormier evening. Marian liad not been able to go out and had suffered a little from ennui. Her mother had a head ache, Mr. Vosburgh had gone to keep an ap pointment, and the evening promised to be aa interminable one to the young girl. She unconsciously wished that Merwyn -would come, and half-smilingly wondered whether be would brave the storm to see her. She was not kept long in suspense, for he soon appeared with a book which he wished to return, lie said. 'Panfl. is cmt' Afarion luuron nffni.in i-n_j ? *? ? ,: ? 7 ? ?*?? ?? itri^^-a.u, «XJLJ.«X u xjr , iUJll you will have to be content with seeing me. You have a morbidly acute conscience, Mr. Merwyn, to return' .a book on a nisht like this.' 'My conscience certainly is very trouble some.' Almost before she was aware of it the trite saying slipped out 'Honest confession fs good for the soul.' 'To some souls it is denied. Miss Vos burgh,' and there was a trace of bitterness in his tones. Then, with resolute prompt ness, he resumed their usual impersonal con versation. While they talked, the desire to penetrate his secret grew strong upon the young girL It was almost certain that they would not be interrupted, and this knowledge led her to yield to her mood. She felt a strange re lenting towards him. A woman to her fin ger-tips, she could not constantly face this embodied mystery without an increasing de sire to solve it Cold curiosity, however, was not the chief inspiration of her impulse. The youth who sat on the opposite side of the glowing grate had grown old by months as if they were years. His secret was evident ly not only a restraint, but a wearing bur den. By leading -her companion to reveal so much of his trouble as would give oppor tunity for her womanly ministry, might she not, in a degree yet unequalled, carry out her scheme of life to make the 'most and best of those over whom she had influence?' 'Many brood over an infirmity, a fault, or an obligation till they grow morbid,' she thought s«i might not be able to show him what was best and right, but papa could if we only knew.' Therefore her words and tones were kinder than usual, and she made slight and delicate references to herself, that he might be led to speak of himself, At last she hit upon domestic affairs as a safe, natural ground of approach, and gave a humorous account of some of her recent efforts to learn the mys teries of housekeeping, and she did not fail to observe his wistful and deeply-interested expression. Suddenly, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, she remarked: 'I do not see how you manage to keep house in that great, empty mansion of yours.' 'You know, then, where I live?' 'Oh, yes. I saw you descend the steps of a house on Madison Avenue one morning last fall, and supposed it was your home.' 'You were undoubtedly right. I can tell you just how I manage, or, rather, how everything is managed, for I have little to do with the matter. An old family servant looks after everything, and provides me with my meals. She makes out my daily menu according to her 'own will,' which is 'sweet* If not crossed.' 'Indeed! Are you so indifferent? I thought men gave much attention to their dinners.' 'I do to mine, after It is provided. Were I fastidious, old Cynthy would give me no cause for complaint Then I have a man who looks after the fires and the horses, &c.; 1 am too good a republican to keep a valet. So you see that my domestic arrangements are simple in the extreme.' 'And do those two people constitute your whole- household?' she asked, wondering at a frankness which seemed complete. 'Yes. The ghosts and I have the house practically to ourselves most of the time.' 'Are there ghosts?' she asked, laughing, but with cheeks that began to burn in her kindling interest. 'There are ghosts in every house where people have lived and died; that is, if you knew and eared for the people. My father is with me very often!' 'Mr. Merwyn, I don't understand you!' she exclaimed, without trying to disguise her astonishment. The conversation was so ut» terly unlike anything that had occurred be tween them before that she wondered whi ther it was leading. 'I fear you are growing morbid,' she added. 'I hope not . .Nor trill you think so when I explain. Of course nothing like gross su perstition is in my mind. I remember my father very well, and have heard much about him since lie died. Therefore lie has beco'me to me a distinct presence which I can sum mon at will. The same is true of others with whom the apartments are associated. If I wish I can summon them.' 'I am at a loss to know which is the greater, your will or your imagination.' 'My imagination is the greater.' 'It must be great, indeed,' she said, smiling alluringly, 'for I never knew of one who seemed more untrammelled in circumstances than you are, or more under a dominion of his own will.' 'Untrammelled!' he repeated, in a low, al most desperate tone. 'Yes,' she replied, warmly — 'free to carry out every generous and noble impulse of manhood. I tell you frankly that you have led me to believe that you have such im -pulses.' His face became ashen in its hue, and he ii trembled visibly. He seemed about to speak Ii some words as if they were wrung from n him, then he became almost rigid in his self- ii control as he said, 'There are limitations of which you cannot dream;' and he introduced ' a topic wholly remote from himself. I t- A chill benumbed her very heart, and she I scarcely sought to prevent it from tingeing a her words and manner. A few moments n later the postman left a letter. She saw Lane's I e handwriting and said, 'Will you pardon me D a moment, that I may learn that my friend si is well?' a Glancing at the opening words, her eyes ^ flashed with excitement as she exclaimed: k *'The campaign has opened! They are on 1- the march this stormy night.' ' ' S 'May I ask if your letter is from Strahan?' *] Merwyn faltered. ........ ii 'It is not from Mr. Strahan,' she replied, is fluietly. j b He arose and stood before her as erect and b cold as herself. 'Will you kindly give Mr. LVosburgh that book?' he said. c: 'Certainly.' ; v 'Will you also please say that I shall pro- s- bably go to my country-place in a day or two, ii and therefore may not see him again very ft soon.' , t( She was both disappointed and angry, for n she had meant kindly by him. Her very n consciousness that she had unbent bo- great- m ly and made, what appeared to her pride, an ' unwonted advance, incensed her, and she re plied, in ;cold irony: 'I will give papa your o) message. _ It will seem most natural to him, B Dow that spring has' 6om.e, that you should d vary your mercantile -with agricultural pur- a BUits.' b He appeared fitung to iie very soul'by her h words, and his hands clinched -in nis ,des- a perate effort to restrain himself; His white si lips moved as he looked at her from -eyes' full of the agony/Of a wounded spirit Suddenly n his tense for m;?;becaine* limp, and;' with a ii slight despairing gesture, he said,; wearily: \f 'It is of no use: -Good-bye.' ? - ' ' ? ' —~r ? -.. b CHAPTER XXVI. k Shallow natures, like shallow waters, are v (easily agitated, and outward manifestations u V ? . ' ? are in proportion to the-sballowness. Super ficial observers are. chiefly impressed by visi ble emotion and tumult. *& With all.;her faults/ Marianghad inherited. \- from her father a strong nature' Her intui tions had become womanly and keen, and Merwyn's dumb agony affected her more deeply than a torrent of impetuous words or any outward evidence, of distress. She went ?back to her chair arid shed bitter tears; she scarcely knew why, until her father's; voice aroused her by saying, 'Why, Marian dear, what is the matter?' 'Oh, I am glad you have come,' she said. 'I have caused so much suffering that I feel as if I had committed a crime;' and she gave an account of the recent interview. 'Let me reassure you,' said her father, gravely. 'You did mean kindly by Merwyn, and you gave him, without being unwomanly, the best chance he could possibly have to throw off the in cubus that is burdening his life. ? If, with the opportunity he had to-night, and un der the influence of his love, he did not speak, his secret is one of which he canot speak. At least, I fear it is one of which he dares not speak to you, lest it should be fatal to him and all his hopes. I cannot even guess what it is, but at all events it is of a serious na ture, too grave to be regarded any longer as secondary in our estimate of Mr. Merwyn's character. The shadow of this mystery must not fall od you, and I am glad he is going away. I hoped that your greater kindness and mine might lead him to reveal his trouble, that we eould help him, and that a character, in many respects so unique and strong, might be cleared of its shadows. In this case we might not only have rendered a fellow-being a great service, but also have secured a friend capable of adding inuch to our happiness. This mystery, however, proves so deep-rooted and inscrutable that I shall be glad to with draw you from his influence until time and circumstance make all plain, if they ever can. These old families often have dark secrets, and this young man, in attaining his majority and property, has evidently become the posses sor of one of them. In spite of all his efforts to do well it is having a sinister influence over his life, and this influence must, not ex tend to yours. The mere fact that he does not take an active part in the war is very subordinate in itself. Thousands who might do this as well as he are very well content to stay at home. The true aspect of the affair is this: A chain of circumstances, unforeseen, and uncaused by any premeditated effort on our part, has presented to his mind the most powerful motives to take a natural part in the conflict. It has gradually become evident that the secret of his restraint is a mystery that affects his whole being. Therefore, whether it' be infirmity, fault, or misfortune, he has no right to impose it on others, since, it seems to be beyond remedy. Do you not agree with me?' 'I could not do otherwise, papa. Yet, re membering how he looked to-night, I cannot help being sorry for him, even though my mind inclines to the belief that constitutional timidity restrains him. I never saw a man tremble so, and he turned white to his very lips. 'Papa, have you read 'The Fair Maid of Perth ?' ' 'Yes.' 'Don't you remember Maclan, the young chief of Clan Quhele? This character always made a deep impression on me, awakening at the same time pity and the strongest repulsion. I could never understand him. He was high born, and lived at an age when courage was the commonest of traits, while its absence ivas worse than crime. For the times he was Sidowed with every good quality except the power to face danger. This, from the very constitution of his being, he could not do, and lie, beyond all others, understood his infirmity, suffering often almost mortal agony in view )f it. For some reason I have been led to re^ cead~this story, , and, -in spite of myself, that stretched young Scottish chieftain has become issociated in. my mind with Willard Merwyn. He said to-night that his imagination was stronger than his will. I can believe it rom his words. His dead father and others lave become distinct presences to him. n the same way he calls up be :ore his fancy the horrors of a bat :lefield, and he finds that he has not the pow jr to face them, that he cannot do it, no mat er what the motives may be. He feels that le would be simply overwhelmed with horror md faint-heartedness. and jje is too prudent :o risk the shame or exposure.' 'Well,' said her father, sighing, as if . he tvere giving up a pleasing dream, 'you have :hought out an ingenious theory which, if true, ?xplains Merwyn's course, perhaps. A wo nan's intuitions are subtle, and often true, but somehow it does not satisfy me, even though ! can recall some things which give color to rour view. Still, whatever be the explana ion, all must be explained before we can give lini more than ordinary courtesy.' It soon became evident that Merwyn had ;one to his country place, for his visits ceased. Che more Marian thought about him— and she lid think a great deal — the more she was in dined to believe that her theory explained iverything. His very words, 'You think me l coward,' became a proof, in her mind, that te was morbidly sensitive on this point, and iver conscious of his infirmity. He was too eady to resent a fancied imputation on his lourage. She strove to dismiss Mm from her thoughts, -ut with only partial success. He gave her he sense of being banted, defeated. What :ould be more natural than that a high-spirited roung man should enter the army of his own ree will? He had not entered it even with ler favor, possibly her love, as a motive. Yet ie sought her favor as if it were the chief :onsideration of existence. With her theory, nd her ideal of manhood, he was but the cocking shadow of a man, but so real, so learly perfect, that she constantly chafed at he defect. Even her father had been deeply npressed by the rare promise of his young ife — a promise which she now believed could lever be kept, although few might ever know t. 'I must be right in my view,' she said. He proves his loyalty by an unflagging iu erest in our arms, by the gift of thousands. Ie is here, his own master. He would not nun danger for the sake of his cold-hearted ! lother, from whom ? he seems almost estrang d. His sisters are well provided for, and' do' ot need his care. He does not live for the ake of pleasure, like many other young men. lerciful Heaven! I blush even to think the rordsi, much more to speak them. Why does e nw go, umess nis rear is greater tnan nis -ve for me? Why is he not with Lane and trahan, unless he has a constitutional dread tiat paralyses him? He is the Scottish chief iln, Maclan, over again. All I can do now s to pity him as one to whom Nature has een exceedingly cruel, for every fibre in my eing shrinks from such a man.' And so he came to dwell in her mind as one rippled, from birth, in ihis very soul. Meanwhile events took place which soon ab jrbed her attention. Lane's letter announc ig the .opening of the campaign proved a Use alarm, although, from a subsequent let -r, she learned that he had had experiences ot trifling hi their nature. On the rainy ight, early in April, that would now ever be semorable to her, she had said to Merwyn, Pne army Js on. the march.' This was true of tha cavalry corps, and part E it even crossed the upper waters of the appahannoek; but the same storm.which ashed the thick drops against her ^vinSows Iso filled the river to overflowing, and the rave troopers, recalled, had to sypim their orses in returning. . v Lane was among- these, nd his humorous. account of the affair was igned, '^Tour loyal amphibian!' ? A young girl of Marian's temperament is a atural, hero- worshipper, and he was becom ig^ Her hero. , Circumstances soon occurred rhieh gave him a eure place, in this character. By ifce last of April, not only the cavalry, ut file whole army, moved, the infantry tak» ig position on the fatal field of Chaneellors ille. Then came the bloody, battle, with its nspeakable horrois and defeat. The icy* Rappahannock proved 'the river of death to thousands and thousands of brave men. Early in May the Union ^army, baffled, de pleted, ;and /discouraged,.; was again in its: old quarters 'where it had spent the winter. Ap parently- the, great forward movement had been a failure, but it was the cause of a loss ; to the Confederate cause from which it never i recovered— that of 'Stonewall' Jackson. So transcendent were this man's boldness and ability in leading men that, his death was al most equivalent to the annihilation of a rebfel i army. ' He was a typical character, the em- j bodiment of the genius, the dash, the earnest, pure, 'but mistaken patriotism of the South. No man at the North more surely believed he was right than General Jackson, no man more reverently asked God's blessing on efforts heroic in the highest degree. He represented the sincere but misguided spirit which made every sacrifice possible to a brave people, and his class should ever be distinguished from the' early conspirators who were actuated chiefly by ambition and selfishness. His death also was typical, for he was wounded by a volley fired, through misappre hension, by his own men. The time will come when North and South will honor the memory of Thomas J. Jackson, while, at the eanie time, recognising that his stout neart, active brain, and fiery zeal were among the chief obstructions to the 'united and sublime destiny of America. The man's errors were due to causes over which he had little control; his noble character was due to himself and his faith in God. Many days passed before Marian heard from Lane, and she then learned that the raid in which he had participated had brought him within two miles of Richmond, and that he had passed safely through great dangers arid hardships, but that the worst which he could say of himself was that he was 'prone to go to sleep, even while writing to her.' The tidings from her other friends were equally reasuring. Their regiment had lost heavily, and Blauvelt had been made a cap tain almost in spite of himself, while Strahan was? acting as lieutenant-colonel, since the offi cer holding that rank had been wounded. There was a dash of sadness and tragedy in the journal which the two young men for warded to her after they had been a few- days in their old camp at Falmouth, but Strahan's ' iucloinitable humor triumphed, and their crude | record ended in a droll sketch of a plucked - cock trying to crow. She wrote letters so full j of sympathy and admiration of 'their spirit j that three soldiers of the army of the Poto- \ mac soon recovered their morale. 1 The month of May was passing in mocking ! beauty to those whose hopes and happiness | were bound up in the success of the Union i armies. Not only had deadly war depleted I Hooker's grand army, but the expiration of ' enlistments would take away nearly thirty thousand more. Mr. Vosburgh was aware of this, and he also found the disloyal elements .by which he was surrounded passing into every form of hostile activity possible within the bounds of safety. Men were beginning to talk of peace, at any cost, openly, and he knew that the Southern leaders were hoping for the beginning at any time of a counterre volution at the North. The city was full of threatenig rumors, intrigues, and smouldering rebellion. - (To be continued.) 