Sermon. To Work the Works of Christ Br Key. J". S. Poixocr, Retiring Moderator Presbyterian General Assembly.' Preached in "Width am terrace Presbyterian Church, on opening Queensland Presby . teriau General Assembly, May 3, 1897. , "VerRy» 7?!°*. I s*7 unto you, he that beucreth on Me, the works that I do shall he da also; and greater work* than these shall he do, because I go onto My Father."—John xir. 12. [CONCLUDED FEOJ£ LIST issue.] W6 notice secondly that the work of Christ's people is in some reopects a greater work than that of Christ Himself. " And greater works than these shall ye do." Were these not the words of Christ Himself, we should, be disposed to set them down as pro sumptuous uncf misleading. Uttered by Him they arrest attention, and provoke the inquiry, "How can thisbe ?" We hare endeavoured previously to dear tho way by pointing out that "works" here must be taken to refer to those things which engaging Christ's life, also engage thai of His people. These are, und were, as Isaiah points out, the spread of the Gospel, the elevation of mankind through the apprehension of tlie principles of right eousness and true human liberty, and the alleviation of the condition of human life from the ills with which.ifr is burdened. These were the labours by which Christ's days were filled "up, and are also those to which His people arc called. Christ does more'of these things mediately than He did personally when in the flesh upon the earth. God in Christ and Christ in man—such is the Divine order for uplifting and blessing mankind. The Gospel history, as Luke tells us, is bnt a record of "all that Jesus began both to do and to teach until the day that He was received up again into heaven." Church history smco then is tho continuation of the story of what Jesus has done, and taught, and is . doing, and teaching, through His people • from that day to this. And this latter chapter is the longer, the record of more extensive operations. First, in the proaehiug of tho Gospel itself, and the results following. Christ came to preach His own Gospel. And he did so, lovingly and engag ingly, in synagogue and on seashore, in temple, court, and ou mountain top, He drew tho hearts of men to Himself and the Father. Even the most unappreciativo .%nd prejudiced " wondered at the gracious words that pro ceeded out of His mouth." The casual hearer was impelled to-gay, "Never man spake like this iTan." As the more constant, "Lord to whom should we go hut unto Thee, for Thou hast the words of eternal life." With authority and clear ness, freshness and humaneness Christ submitted the great truths regarding human life in its rotations to God and man, time and eternity, ns they had never before been s bmittcd; "and, as we read His words, wc do not wonder at the record that "all men came to Him," and that out of tho multitude there were some who believed in Hiin, and ont of a sincere heart became His followers, but rather that they were so few. The effect of an imperfect apostle" witnessing for Christ on the day of Pentecost was manifold greater than Christ's own preaching during all the years of His ministry. Not that Peter for a moment forgot that it was Christ behind him, and working mediately through him, that made his efforts successful. "This Jesus," saith ho, 4'•hath God ruised up, whereof wc all are witnesses. Therefore, being by tho right hand of God exalted, undhavingreccivedof the Father tho promise of the Holy Ghost, He hath shed forth , this which yo now see and hear." In what took place then,- and of a similar kind since, wo have the earnest of. what, according to the Divine promise, is to bo accomplished when " the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our Lord aud of His Christ." Christ's personal minis try was confined to the little country of Pales tine, but His disciples were commanded and privileged to 41 Go into all the world and mako disciples of all nations," and in every prayer offered, every lesson imparted, every testimony borne, every sacrifice made, with a view to tho spread of tho Gospel, wc sco in part the practical interpretation of the: Kuvtnnr'a otvMq. rrrvrlrs that T dn shall I Saviour's word3, "The works that I do shall i ve do also, and greater works than these shall ] ye do," : Again, as we regard Christ as a social reformer and human benefactor—for such Ho undoubtedly was—greater works are left for His followers to accomplish than Ho Himself ■"""formed. Christ "came to break every yoke'' performed. Uhnst"cmnetobreaKeveiyyoKo bycnunciatingthegreatprinciplesoffraternitv and freedom, and bequeathing to His church the Spirit and love of them. He taught tho little company of His disciples, by prayer and proccpt, to regard themselves as the children of God, and as equals in His family before Him. 44 Call no man master on earth?" saith He, " for one is your master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren." In this precept wo have the mustard seed of what was intended to develop into a great tree of human liberty. Follow its development, and you follow the history of yoke breaking, and the establish ment of the rights o! man. In Luther's protest, in Cromwell's revolution, in William the Third's settlement, in the abolition of slavery' in America, and in many other outstanding events of history, we have the constant feature oi a righteous indignation against, and determined resistance to, that which is enslaving, born of, and nurtured by, the religion of Jesus Christ. The fact of the past becomes the pledge of the future. The Christian man ana Christian community can not cease to ask, What is just? What is right in the right of God, "both to my neigh bour and myself ? And if this he the per sistent inquiry, who shall say but that the limit of reform shall be at length the fall measure of right and justice?' But if it be true, as history affirms it is, that we owe what is most precious in our political heritage to the religion of God and His Christ, what shall be said about the effrontery, the hideous and glaring ingratitude, which would exclude the very name of God, and all acknowledgment of Him, from tho proposed constitution and laws of our coming Aus tralian commonwealth ? Gradually and surely the shaping and controlling of our political and social conditions is passing out of the hands of the few into that of the many; and as the opportunities of influence become more widely distributed, so also does our respon sibility. The conditions are being fulfilled which make the greater works possible. Shall we go hack to political atheism, or, con serving our Christian name and privileges, endeavour to make our laws and institutions the acknowledged channels throujrb which the mind of Christ shall be expressed, and His will and wnrtr TI»«a ar* nn«K«n. will and work done ? These are question* that wait for immediate answer from us. May we be enabled to bear our part in answering them, as we shall he answerable to Jesus Christ. Lastly, Christ's works were those of kindness and benevolence. "He went about doing good." As an answer to all John's doubts regarding Mesmhship, He told the messenger, "Go and show John all the things which ye see. and hear; how that the blind receired their sight, the deaf hear, the lame walk, the lepers cleansed and the dead are raised." But peat though these works were of mercy and kindness, which our Lord performed apart from His disciples, they are overshadowed in number and magnitude by the greater works which He through the ages performs through them. Christ multiplies Himself in His people, and through their human hearts, and lips, and hands distribute*^ His blessings to fcbe'multitade. Still He is sending forth His disciples with commission to heal the sick, and cast out devils, and, a3 this commission is received and understood a dirine compassion Alls the human soul, which longs to express itself in practical kindness and helpfulness to the sick and suffering, and forbearance and pity to the etring and criminal. "Wisdom is justified of her children." The Christ has endeared Him self to the world by His self-sacrificing lore, by his pity, and benevolence. His gentleness and tenderness, by the] breadth, as well as tbe fineness and depth of j His sympathy. But 01 the great want of; the world is to have Christ revealed to it! To know the meaning of the incarnation of the Son of God. To see and believe that there has been such an incarnation. How shall this be brought about? How has it been brought abont? In part it has been done by the personal life of Christ upon the earth. And as that divinely benevolent life speaks for itself, we hear Him say, "Believe Me for thevery works'sake." The great and good works of Christ did convince some, and made them say, " If this ilirn were not of God He could; do nothing." "These are not the works of htm that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind ? " In greater part, the fact of a Divine incarnation is borne in upon the hearts of men by the living example of Christ-possessed men. They are witnesses of the incarnation of the Son of God, and so is also tho Holy Ghost in them and through them. Christ lives, and toils, rejoices, and weeps, and manifests His grace and truth in tho world through every "work of faith and labour of love," on the part of His believing followers, and as Divine impulses take shape in measures of loving helpfulness, 21s Christ through His people pours out the oil and wino for the benefit of needy, weak, and wounded humanity. He appeals to the world with a logic irresistible. "If I do the works of God, no doubt the kingdom of God is come upon you." We can give out no more tban we take in. Our pow r to work will be measured br our spiritual strength. For the " greater works" of Christ we need to drink of His cup, and be baptised with His baptism, to realise what Paul prayed might be granted to the Ephesian Christians, "That. Christ might dwell in our hearts by faith, that rooted and grounded in.love, we may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth and height, and to know the love of Christ which passeth knowledge, that we' might be filled with the fulness of God." Filled with this spirit, as it expresses itself in Christlike deeds, the world will be left in no doubt still that tbe kingdom of God is come upon it. Hay tho judgment of this spirit and the observance of this practice begin first at tbe house of God. May it he that in the counsels of this assembly we " shall seek not our own things, but thoso which be of Christ Jesus." " Looking not eveiy man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others." That from the Macedonian cry of needy dis tricts and brethren, struggling with diffi culties, we shall assuredly gather that the Lord hath colled us, Our work is great, but our Helper is greater. Christ hath gone to tho Father. He hath received the promise ol the Father for us in the gift of the Holj Spirit. Hay that Spirit fill all our heart?, guide all our counsels, and crown with bless» ing all our efforts to work the works of Christ. Amen* s A Prayer for the Sic!:.'.' 0 God, my Father, hy Thy love, When sorrow's waves around me roBj Lift up my heart to things aboVe, I Ana let Thy comforts fill my soul- 0 I 0 God, the Son, who did redeem, When heart and flesh at last shall faff From pain, or grief, or age extreme; Then let my humble prayer prevail* 0 God, the Spirit, hy Thy grace, Make pure my heart, fulfil Thy word j Grant me to see tho Father's face,. Best on the bosom of my Lord* Host holy, holy, holy Three, Thy church above, beneath, adore; Show forth Thy truth and power in me, And X shall praise Thee evermore. 