Thomas Jarvis Interviewed. On Thursday afternoon our representa-<*> tive made his way to the humble home of Mr Thomas Jurvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo, He was discovered nursing a two year old baby, uud his face declared him to bo one of the happiest men in Sydnoy. Ho waa up and'nboutarid able to answer the knpek at the door. Although pale and bearing : still tho marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it wa?. very clear that he was an invalid oa the rapid" road to con. valesceuce. In reply to the preliminary questions; he said: " You want to know all about'my case ? Well, lam glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facta urn}' be of value 6 those who are stricken us f was." * ' . " How long were you suffering P" ? " W??1I, twelve months ago I got so bad' that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years' ago.uext Christmas,l with an accidont. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident 1 have beon in failing health', and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to givo up my bi.let at the Globe Island." " What were the symptoms ?*' "Simply iudescribable. The* pains were something terrible. They were just about as uiuch as T could bear. They were for all tho world like as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every park of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else.. Iwas incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep.. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told rae that tuy case was utterly hopeless. However, he gavo me an order to the Diroctor of Charitable Institutions." "Did you make use of tho order ?" ? " No ; I camo home and went to bed, and have beon pretty well. in bed over since. Five weeks .ago I could not walk across tho floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with mo, and only a question of days when I would givo up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, , and did all he could, byopium and morphia pills, to easo tho agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. Ho .came to the conclusion that I was sufforingfrom Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal chord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty - in co-ordinating voluntary movements. Be told me that I might last for 10 years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Jnst then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible. ? Well, just as a drowning man will grasp nt a straw, I graspod at an idea conveyed by tho advertisement describing the cure effected in the' caso of another boiler maker in England, which I road in tho 1 yatralian Workman,, by Dr. William?' Pink Pills for Palo People. .I. read in tho advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give tho Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. the effect was as marvellous us it was magical. I wan able to oat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with mo. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have takon four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box. I walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigor and vitality. You eoe those crutches there P They are perfectly new, and I have never, used them* They were made for me before I, got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. ?You seo I am rnpidly tegaining my strength." \- "Hois 100 per cent, better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had coma in and taken the baby on her knees. "Tho Pink Pills have saved his lifo, and , made another * man of him." A friend, who called in at this point, said that Jarvis looked ten years younger th?+ day than he did a fortnight provio* V " I can now," continued Jar*-*'- „ cold bath, and all the. f ' ' havo a back in my lor* . *" *e?ling has come way I * keep on going the — - I nope to be able to resume ?*ork as a boiler-maker/ and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength :to work at that trade. X am better to-day than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Fink Pills. They have saved my life.' lam in t\o pain now, whatever, and feel liko a new man. On tho mahtelpioce there 1b a box of opium and morphia pilln which thie doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay' whero they are, for I no longer need'them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in mo. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about.again has caused quite a sen sation out here." - Such is this remarkable history, and it confirms what is said in nil tho chief news papers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo People. Thoy euro locomotor ataxy, pnrttnl paralysis, and epinal disease, also eho many disorders which ariso from an im poverished stato of tho blood, such as antnnua, pnle andsallow coinploxion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, \onz of appotito, shortness of brenth, pains in tho back, norvous headache, etc. Reports from the Soudnti stnto that 12,000 Dervishes ore confronting a forco of G5OO Italians and friendly nativoa at Agordat. 