NEW NOVEL BY MARIE CORELLL T "Vanity of vanities," saith the preacher. ". . . All is vanity." "Mystery of h myEteries," saith the reader; "all is mystery," as he turns the last page of " Ziska; t the Problem of a Wicked Soul"—-(Hutchinson and Co., London)—Mm Oorelli's latest, an advance copy of which we have received through Messrs. E. _S. Wigg & Son. As an effort of the imagination it is wonderful; as a work destitute of the faintest approach to realism it is unique. It opens with the "season" in fijll swing at Cairo, and this.iB bow Cook's " cheap-trippers" are Berved up to tickle the readers palate:—" Nothing like the cheap-tripper was ever seen in the world till our present enlightened and glorious day of progress; he is a new-grafted type of nomad, like and yet unlike a man. The Darwin theory asserts itself proudly and prominently in bristles of truth all over him—in his restlessness, his ape-like ability and curiosity, his shameless inqmaitiveness, his general attention to minutiae, and his always voracious appetite; and where the ape ends and the man begins is somewhat difficult to discover." But Cairo was not altogether given over to the cheap- tripper. Young Sir Denzil Murray was there with his charming sister Helen. He was a pure-blooded Highlander, with level brows, firm lips, and straight, fearless look, "that Bespoke him a descendant of the proud races that scorned' the ' Sassenach.'" There was Armand Gervase, the most celebrated painter of the day, the wicked orthodox painter of romance—as handsome and devilmay-care as they make them. The learned little Dr. Maxwell Dean was also there, the man who could read Egyptian, hieroglyphs and knew the difference between "royal cartouche" scar&bei; and Birmingham-manufactured ones. These, after the heroine, the incomparable Princess Ziska, are the chief characters in the book. Gervase and Murray are rivals for her hand. Ziska-Charmazel was the mistress of Araxes, a famons warrior, who flourished in the days of Amenophis III. She Was the most beautiful woman and the best dancer in Egypt. In due time the warrior murderedher. Our Ziska, like Hans Breiranann, " gifs a barty," and electrifies her guests with a dance after the manner of her namesake, the murdered beauty of ancient days. " All at once from a side entrance in the hall a bright, apparently winged thing bounded from the outer darknes^ into the centre of the hall—a woman-cjad in glistening cloth of gold, and veiled entirely in misty folds of white, who, raising her arms, gleaming ^with jewelled bangles, high above her head, remained poised on tiptoe for a moment, as though about to fly. Her bare feet, white and dimpled, sparkled with gems and glittering anklets; her skirts as she moved showed fluttering. flecks of white and pink like the leaves of May blossoms shaken by a summer breeze; the music grew louder and wilder, and a brazen clang from unseen cymbals prepared her, as it seemed, for flight. She began ber dance slowly, gliding mysteriously from side to side. . . . She seemed to float lazily like a creature that was dancing in a dream. The brazen cymbals clashed again, and then, with a wild, beautiful movement, " like that of a hunted stag leaping the brow of a hill, the dancer sprang forward, turned, pirouetted, and tossed herself round and round giddily with a marvellous and exquisite celerity, as if she were nothing but a bright circle of gold spinning in clear ether. Spontaneous applause broke forth from s every part of the hall; the guests crowded forward, staring and almost breathless with amazement. . . . Gervase, every nerve in his body quivering, advanced one or two steps, feeling that he must stop this bright, wild, wanton thing in her incessant whirling, or else die in the hunger of love which" consumed his souL Denzil Murray glanced at him, after a pause, left his side, and disappeared. Suddenly, with a quick movement, the dancer loosened her golden dress and misty veil, and then, tossing them aside like falling leaves, she stood confessed— a marvellous glowing vision in silvery white— no other than the Princess Ziska!" Gervase, dizzy, breathless, and torn by conflicting passions, was in a condition more mad than sane. One of the best-drawn characters in the book is Dr. Dean. The Princess hoodwinks everybody else, but not the clever little doctor. He is a believer in ghosts, but not the orthodox ghost of Scotch oastles and English manor-houses that appears in a nightgown, and rattles chains and bangs doors ad 1 libitwn. ]..if*iry-.i " Many \fanir a a. criminal," onmincl 1 ciiri said fha the cnlontifin scientific doctor, "undiscovered by the police is haunted by a seeming person, who is on terms ofU intimacy with hrm -who eats at his table, drinkB his wine, clasps his hand, smiles in his face, and yet is truly nothing but the ghost of his victim in human disguise, sent to drag him gradually to his -well-deserved miserable. end.". In this extract we have the motif of the book—the reincarnation of the soul. The concluding chapters are sheer delirium—fascinating delirium. Here is sample:—Gervase and Ziska are under the Great Pyramid, in a room paved with gold and studded with jewels. " Remember, remember!" and Bhe clung closer and closer as he staggered backward, half-suffocated by his own .emotions and the horror of her touch. " Remember the fierce word I—the quick murderous blow!—the plunge of the jewelled knife up to the hilt in the passionate white bosom of Charmazel!—the lonely anguish in which she died! Died, but to live again and pursue her murderer!—to track him down to his grave, wherein the King strewed gold and devils strewed curses. . . . Oh, for ten thousand centuries more in which to work my passion and prove my wrong! All the treasure of love despised!— all the hops of a life betrayed!—all the salvation of Heaven denied! Tremble, Soul of Araxes!—for hate is eternal, as love is eternal!" • Miss Corelli's " Ziska," in spite of its wild impossibilities and abstruse abstractions, is decidedly better reading than' either the morbid " Mighty Atom" or the silly " Murder of Deheia," her immediately preceding works, but it is a long way behind two or three of the earlier novels of this favourite writer. 