ENGLISH SPORTING SOTES. fFrom our Snecial Correspondent. 1 London, September 10, 1807. The Kieat professional swimming match be tween Ernest Cavil! and Joseph Nuttoll, which tuok plo.ee in the Donenster public swimming bath on Wednesday evening, turned out, like most of these much-boomed affairs, a bitter disappointment to all who took the trouble to go down to the northern town to witness it. They at least expected a good race with Nuttall on top at the finish, but iuste.id they i had a procession for half of the distance and a j one-nian exhibition for tho rest. To put tiie i matter in a nut; hell C.v.'ill was a beateu man before a quarter of the arranged journey had i been accomplished, and seeing the hopelessness of his task got out of the water after traver sing- rather move than 270 yards. The race — if I may eo miscall it— proved nothing with regard to Cavill and cannot bo taken as a fair test of his real abilities. Ho was not exactly ill or even iinwoll, but he was certainly not in his tip-top form, having suffered considerably from colds during the past few weeks. In regard to Nuttall tho swim proved one thing. llo is fit and well, still a marvellously fast man, but \ye are no nearer to a correct estimate of his utmost capacity than we were four yeais ago, when he walked awav frotn the American, McCusker, and knocked the milo record into smithereens. The Doncaster Bath, not a particularly good one from the 'gate' point of view, was crowded on Wednesday night with the sup porters of every branch of 9port— racing men, owners, trainers, jockeys, and bookmakers — predominating. The boukies, of course, came to do business if possible, but as a matter of fact speculation on tlia race was not indulged in to any extent. What money was forthcoming was all for Nuttall, and those who backed the Englishman were required to lay S to 1 on their fancy. Nuttall himself offered to bet Cavill ' tho gate' that lie won, but Ernest declined to risk his share of the admission fees. The bath when finally measured on Monday had proved to be 30 yards 1 foot in length, sc the men having I mutually agreed to swim 17 lengths in order to obviate tho use of a pole had to negotiate 515 j yards 2 fnet, instead of the 500 yards I for which the match was originally made. To prevent all chance of fouling a rono was fixed down the centre of the bath. Nuttall won the toss for choice of sides and naturally selected the right hand, which in the event of a close finish would give Inm tho advantage of seeing his opponent in the filial length. Precisely at 9 o'clock Mr. R. Watson sent the men away. Nuttall was very smart oft the mark and had the best of the plunge. He rose slightly ahead of Cavill and getting quickly into his stroke at once began to draw away. At the end of the first length (18 sec.) he was two yards to the good. Going wull within himself Nuttall drew farther and farther away. At tlif; end of the second stretch (39 J sec.) he was three yards to the good, at the third 1 miu. 1 sec.) a yard more, and by the timo he had negotiated four in 1 min. 25 he was leading Cavill by a good half-dozen yards. The Australian had swum fairly well up to this point, but then began to labor, and the leader increased his advantage so rapidly that at the end of thfi eighth length there was a gap of nearly 20 yards between tho competitors. In the tenth length, which Nutlall completed in 3 min. 53 sec, Cavill retired, lie being then close upon a length of the bath to the bad. Nuttall wont on in a comfortable fashion, but continued to get through the water at a great pace. At the end of tho fifteenth length he was timed 6 min. 1 sec, and in the seventeenth passed the 500 yards mark in C min. 38i sec, thus boating his own record of G min. 49£ sec. made at liambetb in. 1690\. He completed the full j bur uey in C min. 50 sec. Had Nuttall been pressed there oan be little doubt but that he could have done much! better than this, but after the fourth length' he made no particular effort to improve his position in relation to his 'pursuer. How fresh he was at the end of his journey may to a certain extent be gauged by the fact that he swam the final 30J yards in 23J Bee. London, September 17, 1807. When Tom Sullivan made his matoh with Sam Emmett, of Wandswprth, to row over the Thames championship course for £60 a side many waterside experts voted the match a bad one for the ex-champion. .He, as you already know, bound himself down to ubo his. rawing: gig fl Yopng Tonii' a two-ye&rHDid; . cr»f fc, ruppn which be was not to put-atewBkin, Emmett, on tlie other hand, 'was aj liberty to,g$- the could buy. These conditions were held by the quidnuncs of Putney to handicap Sul livan to tho extent of one minute at least over the championship course. This in itself, however, would not have prejudiced Tom's chance of success much in their opinion if they had not held the idea that the ex champion was a Bpeedy non-stayer— as fast a man as could be found up to a couple of miles, but a 'bad 'un' beyond that distance. ? The cause of this notion being prevalent was of oourse the double defeat Sullivan suffered ab the hands of ' Wag' Harding. But the Sul livan who stepped into his gig on Monday last was a very different being to the Sullivan who lost tho championship to Harding. In neither of the championship races was the Naw Zealandrr in tip-top condition, but on Monday Tom was, though what is com monly called ' a bit above himself,' as strong as a bull and fit to race for his lif* He rowed at 12 st. 4 lb.i exactly a stone more than his weight when beaten by Harding two years ago. The race does not need minute description. Sullivan won the toss and chose the Middle sex shore, the berth giving him shelter from the wind for the first half mile. It was 3 o'clock when the men took up their respective stations, and they lost little time in getting away on their long journey, onlv one false start being indulged in. At the second attempt the competitors shot away together, but Sullivan took his sculls through the water much the quicker. His first dozen strokes were made at the rate of 40 to the minute, and he fairly made his gig jump over the water. Tho result was Tom had gained a length before Emniett fairly realised that the race had begun. ''Sullivan having secured tho lead slackened his rate of striking, and Emmett, in answer to his supporters' shouts, began to draw up a trifle. But it was only on sulTerauce, for tho ox - champion, (settling down to a long, strong, and clear 28 gait, began to draw away again, and at the Craven Stops (2 min. 57seo.) was two lengths clear. At the milepost (4 miu. 59 sec. ) Sullivan had added four more lengths, and when hs Bhot Hammersmith- bridge his pursuer was fnilv 10 leiiffths behind. Bv this time it became apparent that Emmett hadn't the ghost of a show, for Sullivan was rowing very quietly and yet making his craft travel if any thing a trifle faster than Emmett. _ The latter worried along in a plucky fashion, and at Barnes-bridge, which Sullivan reached in 19 miu. 2 sec. after starting, was plugging away as though his opponent was alongside instead of 10 or 11 lengths ahead. Pursuing tho even tenor of his way, Sullivan passed the winuing-post 18 sec. in 'advance of Emmett, having negotiated the entire journey in 22 min. 35 sec— very good time indeed considering he was not pressed at any part of the race. A fast tide materially helped the men, and the New Zealander, though too far ahead of his cutter to be able to receive instructions from his pilot, steered a splendid course throughout and took full ad vantase of the tide. His victory was ex tremely popular all down the river. On Monday evening the Australian swimmers Jack Heliings and V. Lindberg, of tho East Sydney Club, were among the competitors in a 80 yards Limited Invitation Handicap, promoted by tho Zephyr Club as tho 'tit-bit' of tlieir annual entertainment. The prizes for .this event were found by that 'whole-souled sportsman' Mr. A. F. Calvert, who prior to the race presented tho two Australians with gold medals to commemorate their visit to the old country. The handicap was framed from Hellings and he was called upon to concede up to 11 see. Tho limit man was Hildred, of York S.C., and on the 10 sec. mark were Stoner, of the People's Palace, and Colley, o£ the York S.C., who had a second's advantage over W. J. Stratton (New Zealand, 220 yards champion), and Klafteu berges (of the Marcians) and Briekett (York S.C.). On the 8 mark were Regan (of the Leander), W. Henry (of the Lifosaving Society), Billy Hawcs (of the City of West minster), and GourIi (of the Zephyrs). Lind berg was given 7 sec, as was Burt (of the City of Westminster) to Logan and Akens (of the Leauder). Hellings was called upon to con cede 5 sec. The New South Wales crack won the first heat by a touch from Stouer, his time being 5G sec. 'dead.' The second heat fell to Henry, who beat Strattqji rather easily bv half a vard : and the third fell to Lindberg, who boat Akers by a yard, the time of these heats being respectively GGjj and 06 sec. In the final heat Henry was caught by Lindberg at the end of CO yards, but the Australian made a wretched turn and lost a clear yard. This he just failed to make up in the home stretch ; the Lifesaviug Society's secretary won by a touch. Hellings meanwhile had caught auc passed the rest and gained third place a yard and a half behind his fellow-countryman. The time of the heat was again 66, so to win Hellings would have had to notch a fraction better than 55. Last evening Hellings and Lindberg were Ihe ' stars' of the Cricketers' S.C. gala, and were once again engaged in a special handicap over two lengths of the Hornsey-road Baths— 88 yards, to wit. Their opponents included Henry 5 sec, Stratton 8, Logan 5, and Akers 5\. Lindberg, who had 5 sec. from his fellow countryman, won the first heat easily from Henry, doing 09? sec. for the distance, but Stratton beat Hell ings in the second. In the final Lindberg beat the watch at starting and ought to have been disqualified. He won comfortably from Stratton, with Hellings three yards away third. Lindberg's timo was given as 58? sec, but he certainly started a second before his time. Hellings in his heat did 55 sec. 'dead.'' C. F. Barden, the cyclist, left for Australia this week. Ho intends competing in some of the big Antipodean spring and summer cycling fixtures. 'Wally' Kerr, tho Australian amateur cyclist, was one of the party of riders which has just returned to England after what is called the 'Scandinavian fortnight.' A party of English oychets has for the past tour years taken a run over to Scandinavia and competed in a round of cycling meetincs in Norway, j Sweden, and Denmark. The trip is looked j upon as much in the light of an excursion as ! anything else, the cyclists being royally entertained. PosBibly the fact that this year the English amateurs won nothing is partly attributable to tho hospitality they received. It is true the 'pros' scored in their events, but they could hardly help doing so, as they met with no competition, professional cycling not beinc popular. It is one of the most singular tilings about cycling in Sweden that in amateur sporte meetings a totalizator is or-en on every event. It is the 10 per cent, which goes to the club of all money that passes through the machine that makes tho meetintrs pay handsomely. . A sensation in cycling circles was produced last week by the issue by the Dunlop Company rj a n.nnlnr fs- nil fKTflnt.G Bskhiir them to enter into agreemonts not to fit or sell any tires not Dunlop, ClinoW, or Warwick. An induce ment waa ?offered dealerB in the form of a bonus of 2a. Cd. on every maohiue sold. This method of trying-tp corner the market on the part of* powerful company met with a strong protest all round, and the circular has, I believe, been withdrawn. It is not so very long ago sinoe it was a popular theme of argument in sporting circles whether the bicycle would ever dp. as fast. tunes over short distances as. the thoroughbred.' Theargument now is when will the record -foi1 a mile % out down to a minute, Stookate attempt on the mile 'record from ft fly ing stivrb last,wBek wae a -wonderful performance, find »^9d£tefit\v«-y«o;gdg off $fttt$ejfa besfi and lowering the time to 1 min. 35g sec. this rider has brought us so much nearer to tho mile a minute speed. Stocks on~ the Crystal Palace track last Saturday lowered also the mile record from a standing start by 1{ sec. His time was l'min. 44 see. Oyclephobia has shown itself in many direc tions, but in none more unexpected than in a case which came to light last week. In a report to the councillors of the Oundle rural district the medical officer gravely assured that body that he was of opinion that much of the infectious disease prevalent was due to cyclists passing from one village to another. He gave no suggestion as to how the trouble might be overcome, but it will be surprising if the truly rural body to whom tho medical officer made this astonishing statement does not have a warm discussion shortly on the question— ' Shall cyclists who enter Oundle be compulsorily disinfected?' There is little left in the way of novelcycle records for the aspirant for fame to originate. One of tho last openings of this Bort has been snapped up by a cycling instructor, who recently accomplished the feat of riding four miles baokwards in 40 minutes. There are no other wheel-worlds to conquer, I should say, except the instructor does it sideways. It isn't reported if the 'backwardation' pro fessor was summoned for furious riding. If he wasn't the police missed a golden opportunity. From the other side of the ' herring pond comes the announcement that the Boston club is offering a £1,000 cosh prize for a one hour paced race. It is hoped that the offers of this record first prize will attract such riders as Stocks and Huret. One condition of entrance is that the competitors deposit £100 as a guarantee that they will put in an appearance and ride. The fee is to be returned after the race. Jacquelin, the famous French rider, com pletes bis military term in a fortnight's time, and will then go into training for a 50 kilo metre paced match against Huret, which eventuates on October 17. The few plungers who ventured to lay 10 to 1 on Galtee More for the Legcr experienced an awful moment when at the distance Chelandry swooped down upon tho Derby winner and all but overset the odds. Morny Cannon rode magnificently, and if the filly could have maintained her effort another moment she would have won. As thingB were Mr. Gubbins's crack only got homo by half a length. Beforo the race backers accepted 6 and 7 to 1 about him for the Cesarewitch, in which he has 9 st. 3 lb. to carry. Afterwards 10 to 1 was for a time offered. Wood of course says he could have won any distance, and that Galtee More was never extended. Experts, on the other hand, opine Velasquez would have upset the favorito had Lord Rosebery pre ferred him to Chelandry. The Sporting Times remarks :—' Ridden by Morny Cannon in the style that he is so fond of riding, and which undoubtedly often brings about great and un expected results when the course is clear, Velasquez would, we think, have swooped down on Galteo More, as Chelandrv. who was exquisitely ridden did, and, being able to sustain the effort longer, he would have got past the po3t before the great staying powers of Galtee More could have been brought fairly into play. Many of us remember how Tom Chaloner, on Pell Mell, swooped down on Cremorne, ridden by Maidment, in the Derby of 1872, and was within a short head of beating him, and yet there was no comparison between the two horses. If in the Jockey Club Stakes, of 10,000 sovs., to be run for in tho first ? October week at New market, Velasquez eives Chelandry 12 lb., which lie will be called upon to do, and beats her, nothing will persuade the majority of those whosaw the race for tho St. Leger that in not running Velasquez Lord' Rosebery threw away that very substantial and still more glorious prize.' Doncaster was a- bookmakers' meeting, favorite after favorite being bowled over. The Champagne Stakes, the chief twoyear old event, 'resulted in a tragedy. The least fancied of the eight runners was Mr. Leopold de Rothschild's weedy filly Ayah (by Ayrshire — Biserta), who both on public form and pri vate trials appeared to bo out of it. The stable pub Tommy Loates up, but limited their commission to £5 at 20 to 1, The public wero all on Mr. McCalmont's Floric Rubat tino (by Florentine— Wealth) and Lord Rose bery's Mauchliue. The latter collapsed at the distance, but Florio seemed winning easily opposite the stand. Here, however, Ayah put in an appearance and challenging resolutely got the best of a pretty finish by half a length. Most of the ring ': skinned the lamb.' This operation was repeated by many later in the day in the Glasgow Plate, a nursery which attracted 22 runners. Mr. Garton's St. Lucia, 7 st. 7 lb., started favorite and beat everything but Lord Rosebery's Alizarine, by Bona Viata— Rose Madder, who had only 0 st. 13 lb. to carry. The finish was a repeti tion of that for the Champagne Stakes, the outsider challenging inside the distance and getting home by three-quarters of a length. On Wednesday tho Westralian party slipped Mr. Albert Culvert's Prince of the Poets (who has often done them good service) for the Milton Stakes. They worked a big commis sion at fair odds (probably an average of 6 to 1), tho public preferring Mr. Hornsby's Ems worth, also a smart plater over five furlongs. In this the talent were right. The Prince ran well, but Emsworth stalled him off and got home cleverly by a neck. ThoWestralians' faces were eloquent. On dit Mr. Calvert has found racing expensive latterly. I The big gamble of this years Doncaster took ! place on Thursday, when-Kilcoek, Amphora, Melange, Fosco, Bellevin, and a number of speedy horses met in the popular half-mile scurry known as the Portland Plate. H Despite a welter weight of 9 st. 13 lb. Kilcock was well backed at 9 to 2, l- to 1 being laid Mr. Roths child's Fosco (6 yrs., 8 st. 11 lb.), 10 to 1 Kil kerran (3 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb.), 10 to 1 Bellevin U vtb.. 7 st. 13 lb.). and 100 to S to 20 to 1 others. After a long delay at the post, which greatly prejudiced the heavily weighted favo rite, iCilkerran was first away, but Bollevin settled down in front of Ugly on the inside, with Melange on the right next, and Kilcoek well up.. Presently Ugly deprived Bellevin of the lead, close up being Kilkerran, whilst Kilcock began to close. At the distance Bellevin was in difficulties, and Kilkerran heading Ugly, the pair came on from Kiloock, who was tiring under his weight. Kilkerran, however, ran on very stoutly, and defeated Ugly by a head, a length away Kilcook was third just in front of St. Noel, who was placed fourth. The winner belongs to Lord O. Montagu, and is by Ayrshire out of Maid of Lorn. His party won a nice 6take. .^ On Friday the Donoaster Cup was practi cally a walk-over for Winkfield's Pride, Mr. Rothschild's Jaquemart alone opposing him. Plungers laid 4 to 1 on Mr. Sullivan's champion, who won anyhow. The really interesting event of the Doncaster Friday was the Prince of Wales's Nursery of 1,000 bovb., in which that smart two-year-old The Baker, carrying 8 st. 7 lb., simply slaughtered a large field. The Baker is by' Breadknifer-Orusade. 