THE CRIME AND THE CRIMINAL. By RICHARD MARSH. (ALL RIsurTS RESERVED.] SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. The opening chapters of the story are narrated by Mr. Thomas Tennant, Lon don, Stock and Share Broker. Tennant, who is a good natured man, hit in esolute in a crisis, is attacked by an adventuress named Ellen IHowth, while tile two are travelling in a com partment on tile London 131ighton Railway. Teunant is acquainted with Ellen's career in the past, and the woman, fearful lest he should prove an awkard obstacle in her path, up braids hill: so savagely that he en deavours to leave the colnmpartment while the train is in motion. She tries to prevent him, and in her struggle loses her grip onil Tennant who ihas opened the door in his effort to escape--and falls out. A strong wind is blowing, and ere Tennant can recover from the lirst horror of the situation the door is violently slanmmed, the glass shivered, and the unfortunate 1man's face badly cut. . Instead of raising tile alarm, the man's irresolu tion is his ruin. He remains terror stricken ill the carriage until it reaches the nearest station, where he is confronted by an adventurer, who froml the nCext conmpartlellLt las ovtcr heard the quarrel between the stock brokelrr and tile wolanl who has, ill reality, fallen out. This individual, wiho is a "blacklnailer," has, it appears, been emlployed to trace out a lnissing heiress known as Louise O'Dlonnel, and he starts forthwith to make what capital he can by holding a veritable Sword of Damocles over the head of the nerve-shlaken 'ennant. In suc ceeding chapters Reginald Town send, a handsome "mlan about town," is introduced, and it becomes apparent he is in some manner mixed up with the fate of the missing Louise O'Donnel. Tennant, horrified at the position in which hle finds himself, en deavours to drown l'clncnbran.e cl ;t ill a round of gaiety, but his dissipa tion is brought to a termination by Iis seeing what he believes to be the ghost of the dead woman. During the illness that follows lie confesses all to his devoted wife, who confro::ts and disconcerts the Inlmortuntate 1:I ' k mlailer, who is constantly demandltling "hush" money from her husband. The scene shortly afterwards turns to the meeting house of a number of aristo cratic scoundrels who have formed an institution called "The Murder Club," and Reginald Townsend is one of the \- leading lights. At the gathering Townsend relates the details of : mur. der lie has tommlitted near the "Three Bridges" on the Brighton railway line, the motive ibeing "the honour of the Club." In the mecanwhile Tenoant is arrested for lmurder, and the plot thicken.. '1 ie in:1res. n0ow Ieings to c comle cent:e 1 in the doings of Iegi,:; I I Townsesnd, v:ho, dtcs;p:te is ilnn .te 1 - lainy, is inl outt,"rd lnann:er a I'r. atil'lnctlie 'rn. Hie bcc?ces cn3a1ge(d to Dora .lardine, an hih'en', 1and for a limle the story departs from ti-e st'r rolundinls Of tie un:ortuca'e Ten nant, and all insight is given into the career of Townsend. The interest in the "Three Bridges Murder" becomes general, and all London is astir about it. A second meeting of the "Murder Club"'' is held, and Townsend is shown by Pendarvon, one of the menlbers, a secret road of escape from the gather ing room should the police effect an entrance. 