THE IDEAL. Soft through the mists of the valley at dawning Stole there her voice to mc whimperingly, Calling me upw-rd to where'lhe gl*d morning Broke on the mountain in rapturous glee 1 Oh, the sweet voice with its infinite promise 1 01), the dear spirit who calleth to me I Swept through my being a great exultation, Sudden and deep and as potent as wine; Beat all my veins in a swifter pulsation, Stirred by the nearness oi something divine; Rose 1 and followed her up the steep mountain, Labouring ever to hold her for mine. All tbe-strong passion of morn and its sweetness Lo 1 at her feet as a gift I cast down; All the noon's glory in golden completeness Gathered I to me to weave her a crown; All my soul's wealth do I give her for over, So 1 may kiss hut the hem of her gown. Have I not followed with lover's insistence, Cliuihed all the long day the steep mountain side? Yet as I journey a still dimmer distance Parting our steps like an incoming tide, Spreading between us, and ghost-like and silent Steal the chill shadows of night far and wide. Still she leads up past the va ley-mists, sending Arms stretching skyward lo trouulc the night— Up where the stars of the heaven, o'crbeiidiug, llalo the brow of the mountain with light; Ob, the grand mountain that standeth for overt 01), the star-glory encircling its height 1 Oh, how the breev.es of night in their sadness Sob their lament for the death of the day 2 Is it a folly—a passionate madness Urging me ur wards for ever and aye? 'I'jen is it madness the sweetest that ever Held over mortal imperial sway 1 Farther and dimmer she showcth above me, Davker between us the night-shadows roil 1 Angels of heaven who pity and love me, Ani I for ever forbidden the goal? Morning and nooud -y and liijlit have I laboured— What shall I gain as reward to my soul? Only the rising again of the grasses, Pre sed by her feet in their hurrying there; Only the stir of a braucb as she passes, Only the el cam of the moon o:i her hair; Only a shadow thrown fitfully backward— This for an answer to all the day's prayer 1 Yet there shall guide me no daystar rnoro lowly No v.iico less sweet shall make music lor ule! Missing the highest, I hold, is more holy Ever t han touching the lower can be; Never to leach thee and yet to. have sought thee— This, oh, beloved, is a glory to me 1 Hope has departed—the spirit of sorrow Steps to my side from the shadowy grey; Oh, sha 1 there f»!! in the groat dim to-morrow Joy to ilia souls that go j 'yless to-day? Shall 1 thou find her in some far-off heaven— I who have missed her, but seen on the way. Tokens to guide of her presence behind her 'Neath fbe blue sky anil above th • green sod? Is there a heaven where I shall find her, . Higher than footstep of mortal hath trod, Farther than spirit of man hath atiainod to, Nearer the angels and nea or to God. Kate Addison, in Otago Witness, 