THE BROKEN PANE. By S. Gorden. rpilK judge sat in his study. The day's work being unusually heavy; JL sundry poacherB, smugglers, horse thieves and a political offender or two. had come up before his tribunal, and he had done his duty con scientiously. That was why he now felt so comfortable as he lounged in his grandfather's chair, wrapped in hi? soft, voluminous dressing gown, warming his feet at the bright blaze in the grate. It was only mid-autumn, but he was growing old, and his blood ran Bluggish, as if it were getting tired of the routine. On the table stood the tall reading lamp, burning quietly under its green shade. But suddenly the straight, steady ilare broke into a momentary flicker, and tho heavy damask curtains at the window swayed lightly as if unseen fingers were playing with them. Then the lamp sputtered more violently and the drapery moved with gently widening curveB. The judge looked up; what did this mean ? He felt a distinct gust of wind blowing into the room in a volume of chill night air. Ah, he knew—a pane in the window had got broken, his little son Rudolph had driven the bolt of his cross bar through it that morning. A smile relaxed the set lips of the Judge as he thought of the little fellow's tears at the mischief he had done ; how the boy would not be soothed till his father, on his way to the court house, had lifted him up and kissed him, and for stronger evidence of his forgiveness had presented him with a brand new silver rouble. He had ordered old Sebastian to Bee that the window was mended during the day, and the stupid rascal had evidently forgotten. With an angry frown the judge reaohed for the bell-rope, but just as it was about, to give tongue his arm stiffened and stopped motionless-something seemed holding it back— a sudden thought, a memory. His fist clinched as if he had caught some thing and would not let it go. The pale, silent-eyed ghost of the past had brushed by him and now he was clutching it ny tnesiurtB. Had it not all begun with a broken pane—and at this Reason of the year ? That was why the old Jewish vagrant had pleaded so earnestly that day to be let off so that he might not be deprived of his supplication for an auspicious year, with plenty of undetected pilferings. The judge laughed to himself—a broken pane ! How ignoble it sounded. Had he had his own will he would have chosen something more heroic for the pivot of his life. Providence stooping to the disguise of a broken pane of glass. No wonder people had so little respect for Providence. He was a little boy again, ten or eleven years old. It was the eve of New Year. Bis father and brothers, looking spruce and clean, were coming from the house on their way to the evening Bervice. " Come to prayers, you godless little imp," he remembered his father saying, " unless you would begin the New Year with broken bones." "1 shall be there as soon as you," the little boy had answered, pretending to be very busy collecting a basket of peat for the kitohen. And then, having watched his father out of night, he went back to his real business, whioh, out of deference to his father's fet lings, he had momentarily inter mitted. It in question was more important than going to synagogue, but for Jacob, that is the idle boy, it had more fascination. He was stoning the weather-«ook. The said weather-cock had its perch on the gable of the house wherein Jacob and his folks lived. Jacob hated it from pure jealousy. It looked so aggravatingly irresponsible, it could turn this way and that without protest from anyone, its life was not bent up between morning and evening prayers nor squeezed flat between the pages of Rashi's commentaries. And, therefore, to infuse a little sorrow into its existence, Jacob threw some stones at it on most occasions. Nine times out of ten he missed it, and the weather-cook swung round and round creaking, and Jaoob thought it said: " You silly little Jew boy." And the tenth time when it was hit its brasB pennon swung on just the same with a lordly unooncern, which annoyed Jacob more than to be called a silly little Jew boy, This afternoon he had been more than usually unsuccessful, the weather oook seemed invulnerable. But Jacob was determined not to be beaten, and that was why he sought a pretence for not following his father imme diately. At last he grew desperate. From the synagogue at the hack rose the Declaration of the Unity; it was getting very dark, too. Just one more missile and he would be done. Carefully he poised his throw, took steady aim, let loose and—crash ! Jacob felt a shiver wriggle down his back. What had happened ? Yes, there was no doubt of it, he had broken a window—the solitary window of the dingy sittingroom where the family took their meals on great oooasions. A nameless horror took hold of the boy. He dared not face hie father after this—his stern, loveless father, who had always made him a scape goat, who would lift him up by the ears and throw him on the ground and strike him with his cobbler's strap. First, for not coming to synagogue; secondly for committing a breakage on a holiday, whioh was a greater sin; thirdly, for causing an unnecessary expense of twenty oopeks, whioh was the greatest; and as the catalogue of hie indictments rose before the boy's eyes, he started away with a shriek and ran as if an army of fiends with cobblers' straps in their hands were pursuing him. The squalid Jew quarter lay already far behind, and he was still running, his head dazed and bewildered by the labyrinthine streets of the great city, his oheBt heaving, his eyes staring wildly. Whither was he running ? He knew not—only away from the hard, pitiless face of his father and the whizzing sting of his leather thong. Suddenly he felt someone touoh him on the shoulder, anu he flung himself to the earth with a howl of terror. " Spare me, father—spare me; only this once 1" he shrieked. " Get up, 1 mean you no harm," said estrange voior, and a hand stroked his head almost oaressingly. When he looked up he saw before him a man in a long oassook, who waa gazing at him compassionately. "You are frightened—you are fleeing some danger. Tell me all; you are safe with me," he said again. In flying haste, and with many a backward glanoe of dread, Jaoob told him what nad happened, his tongue lapsing now and again into his Ghetto gibberish. " If I go baok now," he sobbed, " I shall^be half-flayed and thrust into the cellar overnight—oh !" A greenish look crept over his sallow faoe, and he reeled and tottered like a drunken man. " Starving, as I live," muttered the oassookman, looking at him closely, and with that he stooped and lifted the boy in hiB armB. The burden was pitifully light. Then he strode on, and by the time he waa entering a doorway Jaoob had so far recovered as to raise his head. " What is that!" he asked, pointing to a gilded wooden figure that hung on a cross at the side of the entrance. " That ? That is my doorpost amulet," he answered, hastily; " like the one you have at home." "But it is not like ours," insisted Jaoob. " Yours is wood, and ours is a tin capsule with an opening, through whioh the eye of God peeps'into the house—so I have heard our rabbi say. But, perhaps, yours is a newer make." " A newer make, indeed," said the other, slowly, " but one that shall endure when your tin oapsule is eaten by rust." "Th6 rabbi says there is a soul in each capsule, and when the tin . gees rust- eaten the soul goeB into a new capsule; .and so.on'as long as thcworld shall last." , . Jacob shrank back, because the eyes of the man, which had till now looked so mild and loving, seemed blazing with a terrible fire; but only for an instant. " You know what you are saying," said the man in his soft voice when they had entered. "Come and 6at; your body needs tending first." Quickly he set right before Jacob all eatables, and Jacob did not stop to inquire into their nature. He thought he was in Kden Garden, and was feasting on the leviathan which is the regular bill-of-fare in the place. He had fasted all day, because his mother thought it fitting one should grow a greater appetite for the greater. glory of the festival. The man sat watohing him in silence, and byand-bye,^ when Jacob had ceased eating and his eyes grew heavy with the weight of sleep, he took him by the hand to lead him from the chamber, and Jacob a heart sank as he thought he would now have to go forth into the cold night and sleep on the stones, with evil spirits and other horrors to keep him company. But no, the man took him to a little room, wherein stood a bed, all white sheeted and raised from the floor on four legs, and Jacob had just time to think it was probably too high to be reaohed by the cockroaches that used to come swarming over his straw pallet near the kitchen hearth before he was fast asleep. But long afterwardB he wondered at the strange dream that had come to him that night. He dreamt he had wandered in the midst of a large plain, at one end of which stood his father with a scroll of the law uplifted in his hands, and at the other the cassockman raising aloft the gilded figure on the cross, and Jacob looked from one to the other, and gradually the law- scroll dwindled away to the size of the capsule, while the wooden figure waxed till it overshadowed all the plain, and then, opening its arms, caught him fast in its embrace. So it had all begun—his life in the priest's house, the acquiring of strange knowledge, the straggle between the old bonds of blood end the enticements of biB new home. Once, and once only, did the former triumph. It was on the fifth anniversary of his flight, when the idle cariosity he still felt concerning the fate of his people grew to a mighty longing. So he stole out into the dark, threaded his way as if by instinct among the ghetto streets until he Btood before his father's houses. Stealthily he crept up the ladder placed at the side of the window and peeped into the room. There they all sat around the table. Father, mother, brothers and sisters eating and bring as though they had no cause for sorrow in the world. A jealous anger swept through his bosom. They did not miss him. The gap had been filled and the pane had been mended. Silently he crept down again with his resolve firm in his heart. Overhead his old enemy, the weathercock, swung and creaked; but it no longer seemed to say: "You Billy little Jew boy." It said: " Wladimar, Wladimar, what a fine name we have, to be sure.'' And then he hastened away, wondering why a certain ruBh of blood should make his cheeks tingle so hotly through the darkness. From thence he only lived for his work and wrought miracles of toil and application. However hard his fellow-Btudents strcve he outstripped them all, and forged ahead as though poBseBBed of ten men's strength. But in his own heart he knew the spring and motive of his restless zeal. Every grain of learning and every atom of knowledge was a boulder for the building of the great barrier wall that was to sunder him from the other side of his life and all it once contained. And for a greater precaution he let his heart turn to a block of lead, so that if he were tempted to scale that wall it would drag him down again before he could aohieve his attempt. And then he made for the goal to which his talent and ambition were to carry him, and he succeeded even beyond biB own hopes. He stepped from post to post, making one office the vaulting board from which to reach the next. At last they made him a judge, and there he stopped, for he was growing aghast at his own greatness. After all he could not get rid of his parish instinct—he could not enterely forget the runaway little Jew boy whom the kind-hearted priest had taken far his son, to whom he had given his love, his wealth, his knowledge, and from whom he had taken in return nothing but his belief. On whose side had been the bargain J He asked himself the question many a time. One day he got his answer. It was brought to him as he sat at his tribunal by two men, draggle-tailed and shaggy-haired, reeking with the squalor of poverty. Oh, he knew what it was to be Joseph in Egypt. He recognised them at once. These two men were his brothers. "Why have we smuggled?" they whined. "Because our father lay dying and we had nothing wherewith to allay his sufferings, and we risked life and liberty to make his deathbed easier." So he was dead, the stern, sullen-hearted man, and here were his brothers, the living types of what he himself would have been but for that broken pane, " Risked life and liberty ?" No, the law of the land must not be trans gressed. But as he stood outside the penance chamber and listened to the swishing of the lash and the crieB of the oulpritB a feeling came over him as if hiB soul were being bastinadoed by proxy. True, he made amends to them, but without owning to his action, and he took no oredit for it; he knew it was no better than throwing a bone to a dog after one has kicked him. Certainly he was now a great judge, and judged God s creatures according to his wisdom. He himBelf would one day stand before the judgment seat of that greater and greatest judge, and what would His verdict be? Some times he thought God and he were colleagues, two of a trade, as it were, and that, therefore, he was entitled to a discount in his sentence. It was an impious thought, a sacrilegious test; but then he had laughed at so many things, one laugh more or less. Whew I the wind came through the broken pane with an angry gust. - Had it blown the lamp out ? The judge felt everything getting so dark and cold. He staggered up from'his seat, fumbling for the bell-cord. He would > summon Sebastian to take him to bed; or no, he would go and kiss his little Rudolph. What was that? There was a short, sharp'stab going like a rapier through his body. It seems to him as if a splinter of the pane he had broken years ago was being driven through his bosom with quick, clean thrusts—surely nothing else could stab like that—could stab again and again and again until— The stars of night looked at him as he lay there rigid and silent. Then they turned to one another and said reassuringlg : " True, we, too, are but windows, the windows of the sky ; yet let us not fear, no one shall break us. Are we not made of adamant ? (the end.) There had long been a Home for Jewish Incurables in Berlin ; but the building had in course of time become too small. A new and much larger one has now been provided by the munificence of a member of the community, a Mr. Mannheimer, who presented the sum of £25,000 to provide a new building which will accommodate 100 patients. This new Home, which has just been completed, is erected in the Oranienburger Strasse, next to the well-known syna gogue. Some years ago the same gentleman gave the sum of £50,000, which was devoted to the building of a Home for Aged Jews, where, we are told, his wife attends every day to serve dinner to the inmates. More than fifty years ago this Berlin philanthropist came to the German capital a poor and friendless lad. Finding employment with a wealthy mantle maker, who took kindly to the intelligent youth, he succeeded to the business, and to-day is the head of one of the largest establishments in Berlin. In all his altered circumstances Mr. Mannheimer has never forgotten the poor from whom he sprang. Prosperity, instead of dulling his sympathy with poverty and suffering, has, on the contrary, strengthened it. So noble an example of philanthropy deserves to be recorded. The following is published in the Daily Telegraph from the Paris correspondent of that journal :—M. Bischoffstein, Deputy, and cousin of Baroness de Hirsch, positively states that the latter intends to give the Pasteur Institute 2,000,000 francs (£80,000). The Baroness, however, is first desirous of seeing the statutes of the establishment, and will also confer with its controllers before handing over her munificent donation. Dr. Roux says that the money when received will be used in part for the full equipment of a laboratory of biological chemistry. In this establishment, the necessity for which has long been felt, Pasteur's successors will be enabled to make minute researches, entailing long labour. " In the Pasteur Institute," concludes Dr. Roux, " wo are perpetually carrying on a struggle against death, and we can only express our deep gratitude to all benefactors who assist us in alleviating human misery." No decision will be arrived at as regards the foundation of the proposed laboratory until the annual meeting of the board of directors, in March or April. It may be added, in reference to the funds at the disposal of the Institute, that the national subscriptions produced 3,000,000 francs (£120,000). The buildings in Rue Dudot cost £72,000, out of this, and the interest of the remainder of the money has not been quite sufficient to defray the expenses accidental to keeping the establishment in working order. The donation of Raroness do Hirsch will, however, cover any deficits. 