Only a woman’s face! Yes. but a very striking one. At least, so it appeared to Colonel Ferrers as it dawned suddenly | on his vision. The deep red of her hair was of the [ line that Romney loved to paint. Her complexion was of that peculiar trans parency which often accompanies hair of that particular color. The mouth was perhaps a trifle Irregular; but the lips were full, red, and expressive. ' -'What made the face, however, was a wonder-1 fill pair of eyes, which shone like stars under, the low forehead with its crown of curling hair. •Ferrers’ gaze was so full of admir ation visibly apparent that the object of it abruptly averted her eyes, not with out some trace of annoyance. Who,is that-woman?" said Ferrers to Sir W iiliam Yalietop. who was riding y.-itn him; “the one with the red hair,, who is passing now.” ”1 am sure I don’t know.” replied Sir William. “Never saw her before. Find I n'process of time Ferrers discovered: tlia-t the unknown lady rode a good deal 'in'the How: that none of his friends seemed to know her even by name: that the men more or less agreed with. Sir William’s estimate-of her appearance: L-jnuiltjVat-thft ladies were disposed to make: .spiteful little jokes about the color' of her. hair. * • .ijtjj.y sbampbo wouid go off at. the'; ; mere sight, of that tlerv top-knot,” said-' Lady’ Elvedon. and this witticism may he taken as a sample of the rest. Then.one day there.was great excite ment in the Row. One of the harum scarum madcaps who run wild in it, and are only occasionally called to order by the mounted police, galloped head long over the tan towards ^Kensington Gardens, incidentally and accidentally throwing up a great shower of mud over the rearward position of the horse of another lady. That charger, surprised and indignant at this unexpected com pliment, bolted in the. oilier direction. Thereupon arose a -great commotion, everybody screaming at once. Sundry ill- advised equestrians galloped head long after the runaway, - with the natural result that,'frightened by the noise of the shouting and the trampling Iioofs, lie became quite .unmanageable. When Ferrers realised what was hap pening, he halted his horse’and waited for the'Tugitive to pass him. Thou he darted out, caught the. -bridle of the animal,’ and brought, him suddenly round in the same instant passing bis arm round the lady’s waist to counter act-. the violence of the shock. The feat, was one which only a skilled horseman could have performed. If lio.had bung led it. he would have risked both lives. But then, as many of the spectators wlio knew him said, Henry Ferrers had been accustomed to-horses from infancy, and ft wasn’t for nothing that he was one of the principal pillars of the Ranelagli first polo team. Perhaps., moreover, he was moment arily inspired with unusual strength, for he had realised at tlie first glance that the unfortunate lady was identical with the owner of the sultry hair who had so powerfully attracted his thoughts. The rescue was an affair of a minute. "When it became evident HyM the lady was-not hurt, and thaYlyfe accident -was averted.the excit^ ;mt ceased, and the fashionable,L*«A?cl. not perhaps with out some sight feeling of disappoint-, meat, like people baulked of a sensation, turned away to more ordinary iuci j That tlie lady was high-spirited , and brave, was evident, for she was more ex hausted than frightened..' She realised that her steed had been reditced-to pro per subjection, and she resumed her con- j ,troI. ' , , ! “You have saved my life.” she said. With great feeling, and the beautiful eyes'shone like. ..stars. “But for you' I should have .been dashed to pieces. 1 can never thank you enough. And my husband, lie will be overwhelmed with gratitude. . You must give mo yom- ad dress, and he will call nmi thank you personally, tlio.us* -mere thanks can express toe aepth of the obligation you o put us under." There was just one word in her speech which destroyed all its sweetness to Henry Ferrers. Her husband!. She had a husband, then, who was devoted to her. and she to him. no doubt. What, then, was the good? Better were, it not to see her again. He strove to pass the matter off as of no consequence—just a mere ordinary service which any gentleman would be only too happy to render to a lady. She would not hear of this, however. She spoke very seriously and warmly, with glowing expression. Ajt last it was set tled that each would adhere to their own view, hut that .her husband:'Sir John Lauder, would call in order to put hers even more strongly. Later, when Ferrers went to lunch at his club, ho looked up Sir John Lauder in Burke and Debrett, but without find ing him. “Have you ever come across a Sir John Lauder, or do you know the name?” said he to a friend. ■ • - “Sir John Lauder?” replied the other. It was that useful and omniscient per son, Gordon Melrose. “Wasn’t he tlm man who was made a Jubilee baronet" partly because be was boss of tlie Green Ray Line and partly because lie bad been M.P. for Smokeboro.ugh for Lord knows how long?” “No doubt you are right.” “Well, then, I can tell you this. He is enormously wealthy, much advanced in the sere and yellow, and has been mar ried three times.” “Three times?” “Yes. I notice that men who make large fortunes by what are facetiously known as their talents, genius, and powers of organisation generally run through several wives pretty quick. The fact is that lovely woman undoubtedly thrives best when she lias her own way, Khd I expect that these men who shape the world to suit their own ends rule their wives with such a rod of iron that the poor dears die off like flies through sheer exasperation at never getting 'the last word..-By-the-hy. what's this storv that I hear of >our stopping a runawav horse in the Row this morning? Who was the lady?” “Well, she- happened to Ladv Lauder.” Phew. ... I see. . . . People have been speculating whether you will marry her?” “It is really very good of them to ( cern themselves with my affairs,” ; Ferrers, who wavered between an pulse to laugh and a keen desire t< some violent personal injury to so body. “Well, you will be able to sat them on that head now.” '‘Tes.It is a pity, a i*>m; manque. . . , And yet, who knows?” “Do not let your imagination away with you.” said Ferrers; ra sternly bringing down a heavy ham the little man’s shoulder with a that made him wince. “It healthy.” And with these words, w •may or many not have concealei warning, he released Melrose and the room. “Now, confound him.” thought latter, “his fingers are like iron, ami shoulder will ache for a week. And should he be so angry if be were epfis with her. I should like to knoi This was a question which pei Wnuld have found u iiard to answer truthfully. Sir John Louder called and proved to he a la,rye man with a. ilorirl face and white hair. '.Ferrers classified him os solemn, seventy, prosy, practical. The visitor held forth on the subject of the great service which Ferrers had ren dered, precisely as if ho were moving a resolution in the House of Commons. Only in the latter case he might have been howled at, mid Ferrers had 'to en dure in silence. The speech concluded ' with • a proposal that. Ferrers should I confer the benefit of his-friendship on the Lauder family, and cement the a.l- j fiance by. dining with them. , i Row. when a large, pompous, .arid somewhat'overbearing njderiy gentle- I man positively- insists on your adopt- J ing a course of action-which you fee] a i wj.l'I .and .-unholy longing' to -embark on, though you know- that if is ' about the most imprudent .’thing that you can] do. the end . may he., predicted | without requiring any assistance from j a ghost come, from the grace for " the .purpose. . - . In due course .-Ferrers dined'willr ;7k Landers. Ho was most charmingly re- , cei.ved by the scarlet-haired- goddess. ! who called him "my preserver.’' i. She b.dd tiie story several times in the even- ' mg, bestowing tHo warmest encomiums - cm the hern., and. when the ladies re i i red. J Sir dolin'' began on the subject. Bin. in;; .i-lhnnj: o! ah came after dinner, when ehe tnaida'iiint sit on the sofa be side. h‘-r. and talked to, him as if tliey had h.epn intimate for y--ars. . fAItF;-: that there veer,- continual meet ings’--She I’n'lf. in tha^ow’iiearly every flay. He took to going to'.parties:—to the am.osumpnt of his friends and tire in tense deliglit of Gordon Melrose, who notidgitijo-tliat wlfere Ferrers wont Lady Lai^-^'"generally appeared, and wlm, vulture like, scented mischief. Then cS.e day—just in 'time—Ferrers- realised that, he was slipping List down the steep Mrith military promptitude, lie pulled himself together and beat a, retreat by a. forced inarch, or, in ordinary parl ance. he started to. America at a moment’s notice, and -witliout saying good-live to any one; and the Landers, in common with the rest of the World, wondered what had become of him,, until one day a fashionable- paper 'an nounced that Lord George Levine and Colonel the Hon.. Henry Fevrers bad gone to the ltock Mountains, .to shoot big game. ' From tlie Rockies they went on ’ to Yokohama, drifted from there into tlie Archipelago, and wandered in and out among the islands all along from Ter nate to Aeheen, from Torres Strait; way up to the Canton River. At the end of three years Ferrers con sidered himself completely cured, and. growing weary of tlie wild scenes find lialf-savage companionship of-"the is lands. lie determined to return to F.ng land. whither George Devine had long preceded him. Almost1 iiis first' appearance in civi lised fife was the visit'that he 'paid to his married sister, whose husband was a county magnate in'the'"West .'Riding of Yorkshire. Shortly after his return he had written announcing tlie- fact, and proposing himself as a guest. Mrs Ori-e-' Clmrd wrote cordially in reply, suggest ing tlie following week, and mentioning that they would have a' houseful' for Doncaster. Slie 'added1 that he had better arrive .on Saturday, so as to lie in ad vance' of the others. As it happened, however, he could not fit in to the latter part, of .her proposal, and the result was that when he walked down to the drawing-room before dinner on the evening of his 'arrival, lie found himself face to face with—Lady Dauder. ’ The surprise was so great and mutual that both uttered an exclamation. Something that seemed to flutter within almost lilce a bird trying to escape should have warneij him. that there are some things-that, even if'sunk in the depths T' the Chinn.;ja.yiv.ltig UP “You am- the vowiflst person.T should have dremni.-r meeting," she said. She u-.-iii tno first to recover her composure. "1 thought you had disappeared entirely —got lost in some dreadful .wilds or. other, indeed, you are 'a mysterious Person. Tlie abruptness of your!re-ap pearance on the scene is only equalled by the way in which you vanished from it—without even saying good- bye. I con sider that I really had a right'to be very much offended.’’ • He thought that she looked as pliarhi ing as ever, and not a day older Ilian when he saw her last. • . They drifted at once into ,,the old. delightful, dangerous intimacy. He did not ask after her husband. She did not even mention the name of her' better hall’. It seemed to be tacitly under stood that that subject was taboo. This in itself should have been like a- red signal in their way; ' . Mrs Orre-C'hard was much pleased to hear that they had met before. ; • “He'saved my life, you know,.”:.. said Lady Lauder, and she blushed divinely as she re-told tlie story to her hostess.' Mrs Orrc-Chard looked keenly- from one"to the.other. She was an acute judge of character. Perhaps she knew her brother’s belter than lie did . himself. Possibly that,was why she sent him into dinner with another lady.,, when she could-easily'have told him to take Lady Lauder. . “Affairs” ripen rapidly in house par ties, and there is nothing like a race week to bring matters to a climax. Per haps, moreover, if airs Orre-Chard had not taken so much trouble to “interfere,'’ as Colonel Ferrers styled her conduct, it might have been more effective as a The result of long repression, proximity, and the feeble goading of his sister was that passion took the bit be tween his teeth, and Henry Ferrers was carried away by tlie wild rush of his emotion, just as Lady Lauder had been by lier steed in Hyde Park. At times he remembered' tlie husband, at whose table he had sat, and who had trusted hun as a friend, anu to whose friendsliip he meditated, such a fearful betrayal. Meanwhile the fortress had as yet. given no sign of alarm and defence..- He soothed himself, with the fancy -that j there had been nothing in his conduct to cause fear or indignation to' the most faithful spouse. At other times he in- I sisted to himself that she loved him f even, as he loved her. and that in their I mutual passion lay tile excuse ! [01-He did not dare to fiu-imi- i late his thoughts. Then there were | other moments when the supreme | dignity and modesty of her demeanor made him denounce as sacrilege tlie mere idea of any evil in connection ivitli her. ' The great devil Opportunity brought matters to the climax as'usual. Mrs Orre- Chard gave a hall to finish up the Doncaster week. Colonel Ferrers and Lady Lauder danced together, fell more in love with each other, and sat out in the conservatory. There he told her of his love for her. how ho had loved her from the very first moment, and she— “O slmrac. O sorrow, and O woinankhaV— did not repulse him. On the contrary, she avowed a mutual feeling, adding that she know it was very wicked of her. ' but that it was a fact that she had been very-much .attracted by film from the day when he saved her life. Ho pressed upon hey ati.ot;'. lop the consideration of tha date, "When v/e leave i us eo straikht-io 1 idoii led wit! s;£id, -ist and then. •‘Oil, d-.-jir, no." si feminine weakness. I shall least three weeks to pi-t thinfts to. m3' int at nine love reitular tr el<i|ie:neui in order't nlchd sere sh few a f I mai tlOlllolU oT s protceiion. I will that U have tuo gio 'his kindnos Flari-y. we towin' am! ’ sliottli hill b: .1 uim wished eertain kind s.i: am! b •el for his i •ides, f Ami •i" talk if si! run fast. w lik ■t !•)'■ did not breath ■ho had end lie Fen he i her. d b I h a t her husband's iii'e. but v what had been in his owmn.a when he proposed to e.or did Mrs Orre-Chard ever un derstand why it was .hat he,-, brother always laughed like,a. liya-na" whan .-hi- maintained that it was entirely dw i" her rloverness that lie had <-tipturec! Ids rah wife.—-Tim World." .. . 