HEINE, JUDAISM AND GERMANISM. By Jacob Voorsangkr. STUDENTS of German literature are as yet undecided as to the exact position of Heinrieh Heine in the Walhalla of German singers and poets. Some deem him a mere rhymester; others place him amongst the foremost of lyric singers. His proBe is now said to be classical; at other times we have heard it described as the mere evanescence of volatility. Whatever may be Heine's merits as a master of poetry or prose, whatever his position in the school of romanticism which he helped to found, we desire to present a glimpse of the man's life aB we believe it can be studied ithrough his lines. It is often said, and as oft repeated, that the life of the apostate Jew presents no encouraging nor instructive phases to the people he has forsaken. This is an extreme view ^ founded perhaps more in indignation at an act of treason than in philosophical considera tions of the apostate's motives. We are trained to view the personalty of an Acher with horror, and take little account of the self-torture a keenly sensitive mind -must exneri ence. For if the renegade be a man like the typical rabbi of old he himself feels the terror of his act most keenly. One cannot imagine a Benedict Arnold passing his days in real peace. The terror of his treason is always upon him; perhaps he is tlm last who discovers, secretly, before the bar of his own soul, the justifying grace of his act. But the world rarely thinks deeply enough to penetrate into so delicate o question. It views renegacy and apostacy as crimes ; it remembers but the consequences of the crime, and it hath grace for neither the deed nor the person whoso violently outrages the code of honourable men, And far worse than the political traitor is he who departs from the pennant of his faith and turns his back to the parents from whose loins he came forth. Israel has rarely had a kind word for the apostate, for reasons which are perfectly explicable. Israel has suffered more than other nations, hence the need of its loyalty was so much greater. The greatest coward is he whom a stray bullet has struck in the back ; lie has fled from the enemy. At a time when Israel needed every mother's son, every one of its great minds, every Jew's energy to defend and protect its endangered future, he is never to be pardoned who has deserted the cause for which others suffered, And therefore Israel has alwnys found it difficult to for give men of the Aoher type and stripe. And therefore Heine is viewed with considerable indifference by the student, who for the nonce contemplates this unhappy poet's life from the Jewish stand point. -From-the time of his desertion, it is held, lie has passed from the purview of;the Jewish student:, He has gone over.--to the Gentiles, broken the covenant, sold his birthright, and whatever his excellence .as a master of diction,-whatever his power in the world of culture, his name is mentioned no more in the synagogue of his fathers. We .cannot but consider such views as tinged with traditional prejudice. They have a touch of nature, but they lack the calmness of histori cal contemplation. They express indignation; but they wholly lose .-sight of motives which affected thousands of Jews in Heine's day. And like the poet,we believe those thousands to have been afflicted with the self-torture of their act, which later they believed to be 'the inevitable consequence of the social conditions and difficulties •which confronted and at times overwhelmed them. Heine, we believe, was twenty-eight years old at the time of his conversion to Christianity. He had then already finished his university .career, and attained a position as a man of letters. It is easy to say that his renegacy was the act of ambition. But that explains nothing to one who seeks for motives. We may rather assume that the poet was afflicted by the unhappy social conditions of his time. As a. Jew he consorted with men who despised his religion .and his people, and he himself had outgrown the relations that tied him to Israel. Most probably his early training was indif ferent; his parents already belonged to that class who in herited the unfortunate tendency of Abraham Mendelssohn to view baptism as a concession to the social nature of Jews who desired recognition from their German neighbours. A ■ true Jew can be true only if the capacity of sacrifice be developed in him;; if his mother teaches him the quality of noblesse oblige; if his; culture acts as a stimulus rather than as a barrier to his religious functions, That was the great misfortune of thousands .of German Jews who inherited the dangerous legacy of culture bequeathed them by Mendelssohn, the Rabbinist, who, let us not •deny it, builded better for us than for his immediate descendants. These, we may say, were culture-intoxicated ; the stream of modern knowledge became an unbridgeable chasm between them and their orthodox kinsmen; they felt the cravings for an emancipated religion, a free social position, and a knowledge not wholly rooted in the sources once so powerful in the Orient. No one can ever justify apostacy ; but history has at least this explanation to offer for the phenomenon of many German, Jews having embraced Christianity. They averred that it was not an exchange of faiths or creeds ; nor was it wholly the result of estrangement from their ■'brethren*; they felt the impulse of becoming, so to speak, an integral element of the German nation, and extinguished the fires on the altar of their God, hot realising, perhaps, the full, dread significance of the act. For the virtue of their citizenship remained tainted by this disloyalty to God ; they lost the strength of religious faith without growing stronger as German citizens. But—this is the explanation of their act. Jewish history asks no apology of them ; it is content to leave the picture, sad as it is, to the contemplation of futurity. It was this current that involved Heinrich Heine. He could not bridge the chasm. He believed that Germanism and Judaism represented opposite elements. All the others believed it. His apostacy was made easy by his diffident faith, for which the times were responsible. Conversion being then fashionable, and sponsorship to renegade Jews an agreeable social function, the act was stripped of the horrible character with which even now it is invested. At times the religious world crlorv in nennliarit.ifiB fnr which the mind can find no excuse whatever. Conversion was fashionable in Heine's time. But it was not a time of deep religious • fervour: that also lightened the burden: of the act. Here, then, he stands before us, as a Jew, very indiffer ently trained as such, a chasm between him and his orthodox brethren to whom German culture was as yet an offensive thing, his whole nature crying out for recognition as a man, a child of God, from the nation whose language he had enriched, the genius of which he understood bo well—the times themselves treacherously advising, by experience and example, that the member of society must be a Christian. Let us say now, that apostacy can never be justified—but can history not attach the responsibility of so dread ful an act upon any other than the man who is swayed by con ditions not of his; own making ? Had the speculations which resulted in the foundation of the first Jewish-Ohristian soot no influence on Acher ? Was Spinoza but a merestubborn, rancorous deserter who deserved the castigation of a publicly inflicted curse? Without condoning the act, we may say the times were responsible for Heine's defection. And these were the times, which, in the judgment and at the bar of history, will have to expiate more than the stealing of such brilliant sons of Israel as Heinrich Heine and Ludwig Boerne, master minds come from Jewish stock and merged into the great mind of the world. We have never been able to say conclusively that Heine's con version gave him satisfaction. We rather believe that he himself deprecated the act, believing it to be a " necessary evil." He never was a happy man. Something besides his physical infirmities embittered his life. His career was a perpetual war on his senti ments. Profligate and cynical, now snarling at religion, then again ridiculing the conservatism of his former brethren, with no respect whatever for any form of faith or any expression of human . virtue, he felt the aching void in his own heart of the love and faith that protected and sustained others. So, at least, we interpret many of his lines. If at times lie covers every human sentiment with ridicule, at other times he sings like an imprisoned bird, a doleful strain of his soul's captivity, bewailing the loss of something —something that at times we can only guess at. Did the cynic need religion? Did the profligate hunger for virtue ? Did the master of irony and sarcasm sufier from the want of that domesti city which he knew to be his people's greatest virtue? Heine wails like a soul in bondage. He is a child in the dark ; lie cries out to hear his own voice j he exorcises the ghosts his imagination conjures up. We will not say, positively that he was tortured by the recollection of his apostacy ; but we will say that we cannot contemplate the picture of an intellectual convert, with the deep sentimentality of a Heine, without feeling at the same time that the act of apostacy leaves traces, soars of sentiment, which are visible throughout life. When this cynic turns poet lie generally writes in the minor key peculiar to his people. That is particularly characteristic of his smaller poems, collectively entitled "Die Heirakehr." I he main point to oe considered in these reflections is that, thanks to the providence of God, the times are so changed that apostacy cannot even be explained upon such grounds as may have influenced the unfortunate conduct of Heine's contemporaries. The Jew has his opportunity. Unable as yet to wholly uproot social as well as religious prejudice, his advantage has come with the recognition of the rights of man'. He who under present con ditions, with the growing majesty of. Judaism saluting liirn, turns his back to the ancient faith is indeed a double-dyed traitor 1 And it is, indeed, a source of happiness to say that, despite the efforts of foolish missionaries, despite the treachery of money-bought renegades, the number of defections from the tents of Israel are far, far less than they ever were, because the right of conscience is nob assailed, and the folly of conversion does not now exist. For that reason, we are convinced, the twentieth century will furnish neither a Heine nor a Boerne, neither a Feist nor a Paulus Oassel, but the minds of Israel will remain Israel's own, for the world's follies and the world's injustice will grow less, and no longer excite our sons and daughters to unrighteous ambitions.— Emanu-El. Wh wish to oall attention to tho advertisement of Mr. Braham, 137 Bourke- street, Melbourne, who will bo pleased to receive boarders during Passover. Everything will be carried out striotly in accordance with Jewish law. Fried fish and stewed, also Motza Kike, and Kosher Wortht a speciality. 