HAUNTED. CHAPTER II. But she could distinguish no noise of footsteps amid the sighing of the wind, and returned to her book with redoubled attention. Then once more the tap at the window was repeated ; but, deter- mined to pay no further attention, she read on. But again the per- sistent summons roused her. Rising softly, she unfastened the long French window, and looked out into the darkness. Gradually—for the moon strug- gled through clouds— the outlines of the wintry world without became visible; the dark belt of wood be- yond the lawn, and the nearer shrubs and trees. "If anyone taps again I shall now be able to detect it," thought Delia, watching, instead of learning her part. But no summons was repeated, and Delia, a little ashamed of having thought seriously of a noise outside the window on a winter's night, resolved to say nothing of the tap on the glass. "Time is up, Delia," said Regi- nald, peeping in, laughingly, about ten minutes afterwards. "And I am coming, Reggy. I have done pretty well," answered she. "That's all right, then. Do come back with me to the drawing room now, or we shall have Lindsay doing something desperate. He has done nothing but look wretched ever since you left." "Pray do not be absurd," said Delia reprovingly. "It cannot matter to lord Lindsay whether I am in the room or not." "Oh, very well. Then I've neither eyes nor ears," laughed Reggy. "But come along." How often she looked back to these last happy hours, this last happy evening, in the sorrow which rapidly overwhelmed her; the delightful talk with Lord Lind- say, the cheerful group of friends, the merry evening, during which she sat by Lindsay's side, and he whispered soft nothings which conveyed so much. And once, looking up she caught a glance of radiant happiness from Fay's blue eyes, and knew that her joy was caused by Reggy's deep affection. When— some few hours later— it lay with her to save that happiness from ruin, Delia remembered that glance, and resolved that she would suffer alone, that Fay and Reggy should not be separated because she herself must mourn. Fonder than ever was the hand- clasp Lord Lindsay gave to Delia that evening as they said good- night. She was still dreaming of it as she went into her own room. Her sweet musing was interrup- ted by the voice of Deborah. "I made bold to wait here for you, Miss Delia," she said, "for I'd somethin' to ask you." "Certainly. Sit down, dear nurse," said Delia. Deborah sat down, nothing loth; but her face was sad, and she was paler than usual. "Miss Delia," said she, "I wanted to ask you if 'twas true what I heard them say in the servants' hall this evening, that you'd found a handkerchief near the spot where the appearance came last night but one ago?" "How could I forget to tell you?" cried Delia. "Yes, nurse, dear, I did find a handkerchief. We were passing it round at luncheon to find an owner for it, so then I suppose the servants heard what had happened." "That's just it, my dear miss. And you'll let me see it, won't you?" "That you shall, nursie; and I am so glad to prove to you that it was really no ghost that I saw that night." "I'm not so sure of that," murmured Deborah. But Delia did not hear the old woman's remark ; she had risen to fetch the handkerchief. "Here it is," said the young lady returning. Deborah seized the piece of cam- bric. Her fingers trembled, and she eagerly searched for the mark in the corner. It was easily found—"J. L.," embroidered. Deborah continued to gaze on the letters so long that at length Delia broke the silence with the remark she had made so lately. "You see now, dear nurse, that it could not have been a ghost that I saw." "Oh Miss Delia!" exclaimed Deborah, getting up in great agita- tion— "oh, Miss Delia! it's very awesome to my mind. You mind, J. L. were his initials—your brother James'— him you never saw! And this may be for a token, who's to tell?" "My dear Deborah," urged Delia, amazed at her old nurse's credulity, "surely you will not let an accidental coincidence like this make you believe that there was any connection between my poor brother so long since dead, and the handkerchief found yesterday morning? Don't you see that it must have belonged to some- body whose names begin with the letters J, L.? And who ever heard of a ghost carrying a cambric hand- kerchief?" "Don't joke, Miss Delia. I know it does seem ridiculous to you, but still it may be for a token." "Give me a kiss and go to bed, dear nurse," said Delia. And Deborah sighed and left her young lady to repose. 