A. True Anglo-Ausiralian fetory. (IVs Lancelot Booth.) '* Thora are racro ihtnca ia hnav^n ami c«trth, JJor&tio;* than aro of in jour nhUaJcobv.”—’’jr'jT. WAS Boatod in Fred Gsac-iwo's pm;g little study in far-away Eng land. There were Frod, myself, and two other mutual friends, Harry Colling and Regi nald l’awson. It was duek, and the lamps had just heen lightod, tho shutters closed, and we lour were Bottled down to a comfortable smoko, with a moderate a<vuncl (for l'red was Tory temperate, a.nd enjoined moderation on the part of his friends) in the shape of whisky and water, heedless of tee rain that dashed in gusts on the window ^ Fred Gascoigne was a young doctor who was Just beginning to make for himself what boeamo afterwards a comfortable practice. Colling and Pawson were medical students then, arul I_well, I wasn’t anything in particular then, though my inclina tions tended toward that fascinating will-o’-the-wisp literature. The conversation had drifted from spiritualism into mesmerism, animal galvanism, clairvoyaney, ghosts and apparitions, and very interesting to me was that intellectual^ discussion. Finch of us had something to say, either in favor of spirits appearing or otherwise, while many theories were started to account for authenticated so- called apparitions. At lcng.h 1 red sai.l, Well, hoys, we may scoff or not as we choose at such things as ghostly apparitions, but 111 tell jou what look place in our family, and not so many years ago, and what is more I can produce some dumb wit nesses. I have never. caTcd to relate the story before, but I can give you inv word that it is true, and he brought his hand down gently hut impressively upon the table, and the writer who now records it implicitly believes in the truth of it, and so will the reader. Well, wo all expressed our eager ness to hear Fred’s story, and without mote ado he began, and I will toll it in his own words, for I took care to make notes of it. rnim's stony. I don’t suppose you boys re member my brother Tom—no r.f course you cannot—I can barely remember him myself. Well! that’s his likeness, a pencil sketch, and it is the only one 1 have—photography was not much known then, hut you can see ho was a lino, toll, handsome man: that’s nnother brother alongside of him, George, drawn by the same artist. As bov and girl Tom and Mabel Bruu ioa (the daughter of a small farmer near our house) had been sweethearts. My brother had chosen my father’s profession (tho medical), underwent a course at college and so forth, and re turned homo a hue promising young man, to find Mabel developed into a handsome girl of 18. Tho love of tho boy and girl became the more passionate one. of the man and woman —and the two became most ardent lovers. Indeed, I am told that she was in every way worthy of an honest man’s love being vii!;i..u-. industrious, and moreover giite: with so much personal beauty that she turned the head of every vouug man in tho country about, gi ntle or bumpkin. My father and mother, especially the former, dis countenanced tho intimacy—Mabel was not of our class. Ah! That class distinction ! At times angry words passed bo tween Tom and my father. My mother pleaded with Mabel to give him up, and the poor girl, while tearfully consenting, only felt how impossible it- would he to do so. Tom had tacked M.R.C.S. to his name, and affairs were pretty much the same between him and Mabel when news came to England of the gold discoveries in Australia. Young men were iirod with the intelligence, and ships were being rapidly filled with passengers hound for the An tipodes—a voyage of no mean under taking in those days. Tom was also fired by these accounts. lie would go out to this new El Dorado, make r fortune, and return to wed Mabel, thf girl of his heart. So ho told her My father encouraged him, thinking it tho best way of curing him of hi.' intentions towards Mabel. Mymothoi relucts ntly consented. At last, with many tears and much misgiving on tho part of mater and Mabel, Tom took his departure. I was quite o little fellow at tho time. We never saw him again. He went out as doctor on board of cne of Marshall’s ships, and twelve months afterwards we got a long, hopeful letter from him, saying that he was just off to the diggings; how tho crews were deserting their vessels, and everybody who could possibly get away was making for tho gold ■country. Melbourne, then only a bilsh town, was almost deserted. Then, r.fier long intervals, came other letters ; 'Hag of fortunes made, and of his • ■, fluctuating success. Mabel too, you may bo sure, got ner letters, poor girl. I must hasten on. To bo brief then, Mabel two years later, in 1855, caught a severo ’old through playing croquot ouo Samp evening. My father pronounced her coso almost hopeless from the first; the chill laid an iron grip on her lungs, and in spite of the ten dercBt caro Eho died of a gallop ing consumption, after a few weeks- illness, on April 38, looo, Bis months after this sad ovont wo got another letter from, Tom, written CU>S3 tipon thin fornlgn paper as usual, Jtp used to write for some time prior to the dispatch of a mail, adding to it ganh day, go that wo received quite a journal, Hero is tho letter I refer io j }(■ is the last letter wo over got fyom him, It }a too Jong to read it jnSts entirety, so I will only give ymr (Up part which applies to my •story._ iifter recounting ]iis failures si?d~ fiUCepsaes he pays ho has, with :iiis ’5rrate, plllfted further- away, pros : 'Rtrfihfr, ffffA Ws getting payable gold .i^jjjgigdts jip.fi g°no to the township < .'p? ff tuekerM The letter is dated ><* Elegy Preak, Ballarat, Yictorin,” and •■thV following paragraph feparg datq ri' AntriW, We l’! " '* now can my pen write aown what I saw this night! 0, my deni parents, I fea> there is something sadly amiss at homo. I must he calm, if it is po-'/iblo for me to ho so. with my hlood at fovcr heat. At 8 o’clock I was sitting in my tent alone smoking, listening to the hush sounds and thinking of the loved ones fni away. Tlio moon was high and full in the heavens and shod its light through the opening of tho tont. I took u]i mv pen to add something to my home letter, when I heard a gentle sigh—0! such a sad sigh. 1 looked up when, God help mo, I saw standing in tho opening, tlooded with tho moonlight, Mabel Brunton! She was, 0 1 so pale, and she extended hei arms towards me ns though for an embrace. I Bprnng towards her, cry ing ‘ Mabel, my own,’ to throw my arms about lior,’ when I grasped the empty air. Sho had vanished and oven as sho did so I fancied I heard tho sigh again. I rushed outside, calling her by name, and searched around, but there was no trace of a living soul, no sound save tho occasional cry of a night owl, tho fox lilco yelp of a dingo. What can it mean ? I was not asleep, it was no drea.ni, for I have cut out the turf whereon sho stood, and will ten derly care for it, and will water it with my tears.” How the date April 28, 1855, is the date of Mabel's death, and making allowance for the difference in time, the hour corresponds also with that in which her spirit passed away. You can examine the letter, and must acknowledge that there cannot bo any collusion. But the strangest part of my story is yet to come. On the anniversary of 'Mabel’s death, i.e., April 28, 1850, my mother wus lying awake in bed alone, my father was out on his rounds. There was a dim night light burning in tho room. The door of my father’s dressing-room was closed, so.also was the bedroom door leading out to tho staircase landing. My mother said afterwards that she was thinking of Tom, when she was liorri iied to seo the dressing- room door open, and there stood her son, my brother. He was dressed after tho manner of an Australian digger, look ing sad and pale. lie gazed mourn fully at my mother with on intensity of love, walked slowly across to the bedroom door, looked once more at my mother, and passed out. For a moment my mother could not move for horror, then she gave utterance to scream upon scream. Tho household was roused. A search was anadc high and low, but no trace was found. The hour was noted, and it was the very same in which Mabel Brunton died. This visitation had a serious effect upon my mother, and my father’s skill was taxed anxiously on her behalf. Even ho could not 6Cout such a matter in tho face of Tom’s letter, received hut a few months before. Six months after this we received a letter in a strange hand, from Tom’s mate, who. by the way, was a lawyer. Here also is his lettter. After pre paring the way for the sad nows his letter contains he announces my brother’s death. “I had been,” he writes, “on one of my customary visits to the township to bank gold and obtain stores. . I was ab sent about four days, and oil my return on tho 1st May I was shocked to discover your son, my dear friend, dead. He had evidently been dead about three days. He was lying on his ’possum rug with a 8mile upon his lips and a tuft of grass, which ho tenderly cared for in a pretty square box he had made, firmly clasped near his heart. He had never been the same man for over a yenr, and told me of an apparition that- had visited him on April 28, 1855, and as the anniversary of that date approached ho became melan choly. My impression is that he died on that anniversary through excite ment preying on a week heart. l\e buried him in tho silent busli, and fenced the grave securely.” Tim writer thou goes on to say that they had made a really fair fortune ; that he wished to revisit England for a time ; and that he would bring home Tom’s share, with all his belongings. Ife was as good as his word. He brought a drawing of Toin’3 grave, with alibis belongings (which you observe form a miniature museum), his letters, a cockatoo, still living with ono of my sisters, and, in addition to the turf which my brother so prized, a corresponding piece cut from his grave. Each pieco of grass you see has the Australian soil attached. We found it difficult to keep them growing, so I preserved them as voir seo. My brother’s share in tho claim and its products realised something like £5000, which, as he liad made no will, of course, came to my father. How, can yousay, in tho face of this evidence, that the spirit of Mabel Brunton did not appear to my brother, or that his spirit in turn did lot pass before my mother ? Fred’s story was done. IVe were silent, and gazed curiously at the grass, read tho letters, and were con vinced. I have heard tho story since frsni others, hut this is the first time I publish it to the world. The law yer (tho mate referred to) returnod to Australia and diod only a few years ago, full of years and honors. With tho exception of tho names, the Etory is perfectly true, 