THE BULLET HOLE . strand magazine. At tho timo when I waa employed in tho War Office I had a companion who worked in the snmo room with me called Jean Yidal, an old noncommiaaioncd officer, who had lost his left arm in the Italian campaign, but who had still hia right hand— tho "cunning hand"ofa quartormaster— with which ho exccutod all sorts of wonders in tho caligraphio line— round- hand, flourishes, Gothio letters ; and ho could draw a little bird in tho final flourish of tho signature with a single stroke of his pen. As I lived in the suburbs towards the south of Paris at that time, I often walked liomo with Pfcro Vidal, and I used to take pleasure in getting him to give me an account of his campaigns as we walked past the Afiliiary School, meeting at every step — it was in tho latter years of the Empire — the handsomc'uniforms of tho Imperial Guards, the pioneers in green, tho lancers in white, the artillery oflicors in their magnificent sombre uniforms— black and gold. It was worth whilo to get killed in such a costumo as that ! One evening as wo went along that horrid Boulevard «le Crenelle ho stopped suddenly before the window of a secondhand clothes shop — there are a good many in that quarter. It waa a dirty, sordid shop, with rusty pistols, bowls full of buttons and tarnished epaulettes in the windows ; and hanging boforo the door, among dirty rngs, there was here and there some old officer's coat, rotted bytherainandfrcttedby the bun, with a sort of vague human resemblance in its tight waist and broad nhniilriern. Vidal seized 1113 arm with his one hand, and pointed with his stump to one of theso cast-off garments — it was tho tunic of an African officer, with its many-plaited skirt, and its triple gold band twisted into a figure of eight on the sleeve, as tho hussars wear it. " Look hore," said ho ; "this is tho uniform of my old corps— a cap tain's tunic." As lio went nearer to examine it more closely, and rend the number engraved on the buttons, ho added, enthusiastically: "My own regi ment ! Tho first Zouaves ! . . . How could it have come there? It is a long way from tho battlo field of Atelegnano to the Boulevard do Grencllo. Yes, I know there aro tho vultures who follow the army and plunder the corpses. But why just there, not two stops from tho Military School, where the other's regiment ia quartered ? And he must have passed hore : he must have recognised it. Oh, it is liko seeing a ghost!" " Como now, P6ro Vidal," said I, taking him j by the arm, intensely interested ; "3'ou aro not | going on talking riddles ; you may just as well : tell mc what that old torn tunic has reminded I you of." I But I verily bolicvo that if he had not drunk those two absinthe I should never have heard 1 the story ; for1 when I asked him to tell me Pfcre I Vidal uhot a suspicious and almost frightened glance at me. Then, Buddenly, as if ho had j made up his mind to Bpcak, ho began in a dry, | hard voice : — "Well, then, 3fes, I will tell you all about it, for you are a clever 3oung man, j and honorable, and I can trust you. You will tell me— honestly, on 3'our conscience — whether you think I was right to act as I did. ! Let mc see, where shall I begin? Ah, in tho ' first place, I cannot tell you his name— tho other' s, I mean — because ho i3 still alive. I shall ; have to call him by the nickname we gave him : in the regiment. Thirsty wo called him, and j ho deserved tbo name, too, for ho was ono of | thoso fellows who was never out of the canteen, and would toss off liiB 12 glasses of brand)', ono for each stroke, when the clock struck twelve. When I joined tho regiment Thirst)- had just finished his time ; ho re- enlisted, received tho j bounty and went in for a thrco days' regular ! carouse in the lowest parts of Algiors. With : four or five boon companions liko himself they drovo about, all packed in an open carriage, and flourishing a tri-colored flag with the motto, ; 'This can't last for ever! on it. Ho was ' brought back to the barrack with his head cut open by a Bword wound that he had got in a Moorish den, where he had a fight with tho Arabs. Thirsty got well ; he was sent to prison for a fortnight, and had his stripcB taken from i him. j "Well, ho loBt his stripes after that affair . with the Arabs, but he got them back again I 18 months later— at the same time that I myself j rose to ' bo sergeant-quartermaster — thanks 1 to the kindness of the captain, who < had always great patience with Thirsty. Ho was an old African soldier him self, and had seen him under firo at Kabylie. But just at that time our old captain was pro moted and left the regiment, ana they eont us out a young fellow, only 28, to take his place. He was a Coreican named Gentile ; a cold, ambitious man, just out of the school— a very good officer, they said, but fearfully hard on the men. He would give you eight "days under arrest for a spot of rust on your rifle or a button missing off your gaiters. He had never served in Algeria, and had no notion of any insubor dination or disorder. From the first moment he and Thirsty were at daggers drawn. That they were sure to be. Tho first timo the serjeant was absent from roll call ho put him under arrest for a week ; the first time he got drunk, for a fortnight. When the captain— a little, dark man, as stilt as a poker, with , bristling moustaches— ordered him under arrest, adding, in a stern tone, 1 know you, my friend, and I mean to master you !' Thirsty nover answered a word, but walked quietly away, toward the guard room. Still. I fancy tho captain would have lowered his tone a bit all the same if he had seen how the sergeant's face reddened with anger, and how his terrible bluo eves flashed as he turned awar. "Aleanwhilo the emperor declared war on Austria, and we wore all shipped off to Italy. I pass over tho incidents of the campaign, and come to the point at once. Tho evening before the battle of Alelcgnano — whero I lost my arm, you know— our battalion was encamped in a small village, and before wo broke ranks our captain mado us a little speech — he was quite right, was the captain — reminding us that we were in a friendly country, ana ' that for the honor of tho army wo should bo on our good behavior ; and he added- that anyone who caused the slightest annoyance to any of the inhabitants would bo punished mo3t severely. Whilo ho was making this speech, Thirsty, who was standing near me, leaning unsteadily on his bayonot— ho had emptied a good many glasses since tho morn ing — shrugged his shoulders, but fortunately the captain did not notice him. "In the middle of the night I was wakened up suddenly. I sprang from tho heap of straw I had been sleeping on in a comer of a farm yard, and by the light of the moon I saw Thirsty with a young girl in hiB arms, all torn and dishevelled, and calling on, tho Madonna and all the Bivints in heaven to save her. He wao struggling furiously, like a lion, with a lot of peasants and soldiers who were trying to rescue her from him. I ran up to help, but Captain Gentilo got there before mo. With one glance — he had a very commanding glance, had the little Corsican — he drove back the sergeant, cowed. Thou, when ho had spoken a few reassuring words to the girl in Italian, he came back and stood before tho culprit, and, shaking his finger beforo tho other's face, 'They ought to blow out the brains of wretches like you,' said he. ' As soon as I can see the colonel you shall have your stripes taken from you ; and it will he for good this time. There will be a battle to- morrow ; you had better try and get killed !' " We went back to bed again. But the cap tain was right, and before the break of day we were awakened by a cannonade. Wc flew to arms and formed a column, Thirsty taking his place next to me. I thought I had never seen his fierce blue eyes look more terri ble. The battalion began its march. We wero to dislodge tho white coats, who had taken up their position in the village of Melegnano, which they had fortified with cannon. Forward, .march ! We hadn't gone two miles when, bang ! the Austrian cannon burst over us, and knocked down 15 of our men. After that the officers, who had been waiting for the order to charge, made us lie down in the maize fields like the sharpshooters. They remained stand ing themselves, of course, and I can tell you our captain stood up as straight as any of them. Wc men, kneeling among the corn stalkB, kept up an incessant lire on the Austrian battery, which was within .range. Suddenly I felt some one nudgo my elbow. I turned round, and saw Thirsty loading his rifle and looking at me with n sort of dare devil Bmilo lurking in the corners of his mouth. " ' You sec the captain ? ' said he, jerking his head towards that officer, who was standing at a distance of about 20 feet from us. " 'Yes ; what of it?' I answered, looking in the same direction. ' 4 What of it? He ought not to have spoken to me as he did last night. "Then with a rapid, wcll-calculated move ment, ho levelled his piece and fired. I saw the captain, with a sudden convulsive spasm, throw back his head and beat the air with his hands, then drop his sword and fall heavily backward to tho ground." 