TWO OLD FOGIES A Short Story by the Australian Authoress. ADA CAMBRIDGE. Publi:hsd by special arrangement with fessrs. Ward, Lock 4' Co., Ltd. [ALL lIuHTS RESERVxE.] CHAPTER III. And the old man and the old maid had no luck at all. On Princ-aof Wales' birth day it simply rained in torrents from morning till night, without stopping ones. The flag on the churoh tower clung like a wet dish-cloth to the staf, from the time it was run up at what should have been iunrise-until it was taken down at dusk. And at dusk the town crier went round with-his bell, and announced that the dis play of fireworks was postponed to a future date. It would have been something to have a little tea- party at the parsonage, without the fireworks and the tower. But it was too wet even for that. The old man was depressed and dysp.ptic, and the old maid went to bed at nine o'clock and cried herself to sleep, though such old fogies were certainly old enough to have known better. But at last it all came right. The town was not to be defrauded of its holiday, and Tuesday, the 15th, was appointed, by advertisement in th local papers, as the day when shops would close, sports be celebrated in the public park, fireworks let off and torchlight procession take place, all as they would have done on the 9th had weather been favourable. And Tuesday was just as perfect a day for the purpose as the previeus Wednesday had been the reverse. Mr Paine sent a note to aunt before he had his breakfast. " DEAR Mis sRANWsoE, " Will you and your young people give us the pleasure of your company to tea to night ? The weather does seem settled at last, and it will be pleasant on the church tower, if you think you can manage the ascent. I am told the fireworks are to be very fl.e. With our united kindest re gards, " Yours very sincerely, " WLLLa. PAINE." Aunt hastened to return an answer-by Eve as she went to school " DEAR Mit. PAIME, "Thank you very much for your kind 1 invitation. ' ell dear Anna that we shall be delighted to come. We are quite look ins forward to our little excursion up the tower, especially in such beautiful weather. I I shall be able to get up quite well, I am 1 sure. I have always been fond of fire works, and it will be so nice to see rockets I go up without cricking one's neck. 1 " Beheve me, dear Mr Paine, most truly s yours, " ELIZABETrH BsoOME." The recipient of this note spread it on the breaktast-table beside his plate of egg I and bacon, and read it again and again, as if it were some choice bit of iterature. " How would it be," he suggested difti dently, " to ask one of Eve's schoolgirl I friends ? She is so much younger than r the rest of us. She might be dull without a companion of her own age to talk to." SA good idea," said Anna, graciously. " I will do so. Then," she thought," there will be six of us. Father looking after aunt, and Eve having another child to I keep her company, Alan and I will have a s chalce to talk over our affairs. And the table will he balanced properly." She set the table with her own hands at half-pat rive. There was a nice cold fowl, and a tongue, and a veal pie, and delicious I cakes that she had made herself, and a saLad, and a dish of strawberries, with cream. She was a sparing housekeeper, as a rule, so that Mr Paine, when he came out of his room from dressing, was surprised to see so handsome a repast, and his plea- I sure equalled his surprise. Aunt had not had a meal in the house for years, and he had been anxious lest Anna should think t less ot aunt's entertainment than of the keeping qualities of food in warm weather. I It was quite warm weather-full summer t -now, and aunt came at six o'clock, in the r prettiest new crepon gown, grey, with a puffy vest of white silk, that gave quite a style to her little figure. She had iron- c grey hair, which had once been black, and c her thin, small face was ivory-white; but her eyes were dark and brilliant still, with something of the expression of Toby's- c very sweet and earnest, if you took the I trouble to notice them. Her hair was drawn plainly back into a knot of braids t behind, as an old woman's hair should be 1 but sne had pinned a red rose into the lace I at her neck, which was an anachronism, a 1 fiise note, to Anna's mind.. "I think, Mise Bansome," saia that prudent young lady, "you "wonld have be~-en better advised to put o an old' gown to-night. The tower is a dusty, cobwebby place, and you will spoil that pretty new one." "Oh, no," said aunt, carelessly, patting her hair before the glass in the spare bed rosm. " It won't hurt." " You had better let me lend you an old one of mine." Aunt would not hear of sich a thing. She was like poor father, who thought nothing of tearing a good caesocke on a nail. They went into the drawing-room, which 'was profusely dcked with roses, and al most immediately into the dining-room, ,ehich was similarly adorned, s[veral vases of them standing about in the interstices of the well-fillad table. Alai, with a bud in his button-hole, sat by his hostess, and aunt at Mr Paine's right hand. The two old folks beamed as they settled themselves La their chairs and opened their napkins, but tie four young ones were too o:cupied with their own interests to notice it. The French windows stood wide to thel cx uiirte light and air, and on the ver ndah ''oby lay at full length on his stomach, with his nose between his paws, keeping an eye cocked upward in the direction or aunt's face. Now and then she threw himu a confidential smile, which set his fringed tail thumping vigorously. " You are not eating," remarkic the host, breaking off a little story of a qiua:rrel in the choir-aunt was so sympathetic and understanding about these thin"O-to note the condition of her liver wing. "Oh, I am getting on beautifully! It i a delicious fowl-I am enjoying it so much," she assured him ; and urged him on with his absorbing narrative. ,ut the fact was she had the very least sorethroat, which somehow seemed to have taken away her appetite. No one, of course, was allowed to suspect this. " And so I went to the girl, and told her I was sure Miss Lomnx had not intended fo msult her, and begged her to take the .do, since there was no one else able to sing it; and I had a talk with Mi?s Lomaix to try and persuade her to explain. But they would neither of them listen to me. Each said she would never come into the chour again while the other belonged to it. So they .sF both staying away-which means that we have not a reliable soprano at all. The others will not open their months without someone to lead them, and Anna cannot do everything." " It is too bad," said aunt warmly, "that you should be worried with those petty squabbles, when you have so much else. so many more important things to think of. It is a pity I am not a young girl, with a good treble voice." " Yes-no, no, I don't mean yes. It would be a pity if you were anything but just what you are. Do let me take your plate and give you some pie. Some straw berries, then ? Anna, Miss Ransoms's cup is empty." " I beg your pardon, Miss Ransome," said Anna, with a start. She was forget ting her duties for the moment in a semi private discussion with Alan on the great subject of individual responsibility. The pair of schoolgirls were chattering across the table about the affairs of their school, their approaching examinations, the holi days, the matric., and so on. It was a most successful tea-party. After tea, it being still broad daylight, the children eat down to a game of tiddledly- winks, to pass the time until it was dark enough for the fireworks. Tiddledy- winks looks a silly game to those who do not play it, but to those who do it becomes strangely fascinating; so that even after the lamps were lighted it was difficult to make these players leave off. Anna took Alan for a stroll round the garden, but before she did so gave, proper heed to the question of what was to be done for aunt. I I think, father," she said, " that Miss iRansomeooght not to go up the tower in the dark, for the first time. If you were to take her now, while it is still daylight, and make her go gently and take plenty of time, she would not be nearly so nervous. Al-Mr Ransome would see after us." ".That is a good idea," cried Mr Paine. "Come, Miss Ransome, we will lead the expedition. What wraps have you?" Au-t's little mantle was fetched, and declared to be inadequate. Mr Paine in sisted on an old furred jacket and woollen hood, provided by his daughter. "It will be chilly up there, though it is so mild now," he said," and you must be careful of that delicate chest. Put on all the warmth you can carry, Miss Ransome. Be on the'safe side." '"Perhaps I had better," she said, sub mttting meekly to Anna's resolute hands. " I seem to have just a little touch'of cold hanging about me from the damp weather." " If I had known that," said Alan menac ingly, "I wouldn't have allowed you to come. I've a great mind to forbid 'your going up." " Dear boy, it is nothing," she answered in a panic, and hastened out before he could say more. Alan was going to be a doctor, and was beginning to practise on his aunt. She thought it so sweet of him to take such care of her, and to give her pills and potions when she was not well; but to night she preferred to be taken care of by Mr Paine. Luckily. Alan desired her room at that moment, and not her com. pany; so he let her go. Happiness is not the prerogative of youth, whatever the young may think. Those two old fogies, left to their own devices for three-quarters of an hour, were perhaps as happy as they had ever been in their lives. When they had ahut them selves into the vestry, and nout out the dutiful children who loved to keep them t in order, they felt young themselves ; and, though they treated each other with a delicate respect that is somewhat out of date, the same light was in their eyes, the E same glow in their hearts, as had been kindled in those of the girl and boy now c walking round the garden. t "' This is my new chalice- veil," said the c parson eagerly, "that 1 got out from London last mail. I have been wanting to show it to you. Is not the work perfect ? c And here's the illustrated catalogue-I want you to tell me which of these altar clothsyou like best. I must manage some how to get a new one before next Easter, and I have such faith in your taste; I amn always wishing for you to consult with and U decide for me. Ah, it is too dark to see properly ! Put it in your pocket and look at it when you are by yourself at home." t This was the sort of thing they talked I about. Trumpary, doubtless, to people t who are not old fogies, bhut heart-satisfy- r ing to them. The dusk was gathering fast when they a passed down the church to the front porch a and the ladders, and Mr Paine began to be t anxious about aunt's nerves, and she c anxious to show him how intrepid (under certain circumstances) she could . be. He reproached himself for not having rigged up certain appliances to 11 make the ascent easier, and she skipped a up the trembling rungs while he was f talking about it, so that his heart came into his mouth. Anna would have been scandalised to see an old lady so conducting fi herself had she been there. They reached the top safely, but slowly. 'he rapid twilight had become night by h the time they emerged upon the roof, and a when auntwas led to the battlement para pet to look out upon the view for the first time, she cried, "Oh-h-h--h!" in rapture. It was indeed a beautiful picture, well worth the waiting for. There was no rain m ar mist to spoil it now. The sky was clear a of cloud, full of its own deep Australian night color, and thick with stars. Like t waves along the horizon rolled the forest movered ranges, all distinct in the trans- a parent air; shadows of velvet, with here c and there a house-light, like a diamond twinkling out of them. Thetown beneath t lay suffused in Rembrandtish glows from lamps, seen and uinseen, and red torches 7 beginning to flare under the new-leafed English trees. The atmosphere was pure f and fine to an intoxicating degree. for no factory chimney, no coal smoke, no mud, no-dust, no anything that was unclean,. defiled it; it was the atmosphere of the a hiUxand of an early summer night washed in plenteous spring rains and perfumed with the wholesome Lbreath of gum trees and flowers. In short, pe, feet. AunBt sighed a long sigh once or twice in silence. When she spoke there were tears in her voice. "This makels one feel," she said-and I stopped, unable to express herself. "Yes," said her companion, softly. The torches were all lit, and glowed redly down thl street like an invisible hiouse burning. Out of the glare the clock-t*wer of the post-oAice rose, pallid nd unsubstantial, into the upper dark- - cesS, like something in a lime-lighted transformation scene. Little foreshortened I hi.ures, msre ants upon the ground, were mviung hither and thither--members of the ire.-brigade, in their smart uniforms, arranging the torchlight procession. "I must call the children," said Mr lie went to the trap-door and listened; then he went to the parapet overlooking ihis own house :.nd grounds, and signalled with a gentle "cooee" over the tree-tops. Presently the young ones, heralded by tihe lantern, which was extinguibhed as aos, as possible, came scrambling up, .?aughing and calling to one another; and is the last one--Eye-pu t her head out of tile hole, usi l.h-sh--sh--the first rocket shot into the sky, burst with a little hollow noise like a bursting pea-pod, and rained down its enchanting stars. d'fhoce rockets," said Eve to her com p.nion, " cost five shillings apiece." "I think it a wicked waste of money, said Anna. In these bad times, too," said Alan, sympathetically. But aunt whispered to the grey man beside her, that she simply loved to look at them; and he said, so did he, The procession was formed, and began its march round the streets, to the stirring music of the town band. They could not see it for a long time, but saw where it was by the illumination of the trees above it as itp pssed. Every nowand then it emitted a spray of little rockets, that died npop ,the roofs and roads, and, like great chords in r a merry tune, another and another of those soaring big ones, which would have beckoned the souls of spectators like aunt to the infinities they seemed to pierce if Eve had not persisted in stating how much they cost. At last it came flaring and clanging into the street beside the church. along by the tree-walled church garden, and round the corner, and past the gate : and just in front of the tower it halted, spread, re-formed, and lit itself up in the most amazing blood-red flamo-a wizard light, celestial or infernal, anything but earthly, transfiguring the world, " just as if Biela's comet had run into us," Eve Ransomo said. The grey-white granite of the tower wall blushed crimson as a rose, and the faces on the top of it were the faces of angels or ghosts. The church trees glittered, leaf by leaf, like the jewelled trees of fairyland. " I would not," said aunt, in a low tone of rapture, "have missed this for any thing!" " I amn so "lad," said MIr Paine, earnestly, "so devotedly glad that it is a fine night. I did so want you to enjoy it." Then the red light died out, and the cool, clear, blue darkness came b.ick, with all the quiet hills lying out in it. The procession marched back into the town, with its Liliputian rabble after it, and worked its magic in other streets. Four more great rockets- another pound, as somebody remarked-leaped, hissing, into the empyrean, and dropped each its hand ful of colored stars in space. Then all was still, the.church tower was left alone, and the night suddenly began to feel cold. " It's over," said Eve, jumping up from .where shelay on the flat of her back along the sloping leads. ' Polly, let's, go down and have another game of tiddledy-winks." CHAPTER IL 'extt' morning aunt awoke with a very sore throat. Bat a maiden aunt is' not privileged to be ill on account of edordinary a complaint is that, and she got 'up and dressed and pursued the trivial round and, common task as-usual. First she went-into her nephew's room, picked his slimy sponge out of his soapy hand-basin, and his towel-very wet-from I the floor, where he had flung it, on top of his pyjama trousers. Also she removed i his hair-brush, which he had plunged into I the ewer before using, from the book-the good, new medical book-on which he had I left it, face downwards, to drain. Though i she had brought him up, she had never t been able to make him keep his things s tidy-nor Eve either. She, too, liked to throw her night-gown on the floor, and i anything wet that might be handy upon it, I or upon the bed. She would never hang I up frock or jacket by its loops, nor upon a i knobbed bhook if there happened to be a sharp-ended one available. .She would i never wear her " sets" in rotation, but s always took the garment that came first t out of the drawer; and she forgot to I change her things on the right days, and a to put them into the wash when they were s changed: Also, she never brushed her I teeth when she could help it, nor thought c it necessary to do more to her hair than s have it superficially smooth for meal-times. 0 Aunt did not blame them, for they hnd '1 had a slatternly mother. She just did t their tidying for them. This, of course, a was worrying work at times, and worry a tells upon you when you are not well To- d day, somehow, she did not feel as if she could stand too much of it. Going into her niece's room, before de- a scending to breakfast, she found Eve a dressed in the white frock she had taken. c off last night-by no means a frook to go a to morning school in. She was ordered at. c once to change it. t. "It's cool," said Eve mutinouly, "and all my others are hot ones. Besides, it's ti dirtied out, going up that tower." ' " It is scarcely soiled at all," said aunt, " and will last some time for afternoons. 0 Take it off my dear, when I tell you." Eve pulled it off tempestuously, dashing about the room. She. had a writing-table a of her own-a birthday.'iresent from aunt a -and on it stood the travelling ink bottle, n which she persisted in using rather than u the solid vessel that had been provided for her. The two halves of the travelling ink- ai bottle were nearly equally heavy, and she 81 mostlyleft it open. It was open now, and 81 as she ill-temperedly flung herself about a she knocked it over, and the ink streamed l across the pretty table-cloth. She has- h tened to mop it up with one of her b st n cambric pocket-handkerchiefs. " Oh, Eve ! Eve !" wailed aunt. "When ft shall I teach you sense ?" "I'm awfully sorry-I didn't mean to do a it,"pleaded Eve. " Don't be cross, there's h an old dear. It's all right now. And I'll fi put my old frock on, though it is such a fearfully hot day. st "I will try to get your new print finished, darling," said aunt, appeased. tl Eve took off the too-smart white dress, l and stood in the colored petticoat which had been showing through. On the breast tl of the petticoat was a large, dark patch. u Aunt saw it, and touched it; it was sopping wet. " Well, aunt, there was a slug got up- tl stairs and crawled over my clothes in the h night. I only saw the slimy mark where it ' had been after I had put on my petticoat, It and I just took a sponge and cleaned it." h " Child, take it off directly-take every thing off. You will catch your death !" "I can't, aunt dear. I haven't got a another petticoat. It's in the soiled- a clothes basket. I forgot to put it in the wash. And the other one is slit all down I the front." " Give it to me to mend," said aunt, in a voice of despair. The troubles of the day came thick and tl frast, and before noon the little woman broke down under them. Alan. hunting t for biscuits to stay his stomach until din ner-time, found her crying in the pantry, h where she was trying to fill a glass jug b from an empty tilter. 0 " Hullo, old woman, what's the matter ?" he cried, affectionately concerned. " Did you ever see -uch a sminz as Sarah ?" moaned aunt bitterly. " You ii would think she did it on purpose. Empty again-and in this weather! And C I have just found the big kettle cracked " right across the bottom: She left it to go dry on the fire, and when it was red-hot pioured cold water into it." Aunt dropped her head on her nephew's n stalwart arm, and sobbed aloud. h He put the arm round her. " Here, you are not going to cry about a rubbishy thing like that, surely ? Give mo'that jug d -1Ill till it at the bank filter. Why, t fou're all of a tremble: And how hot your hand is!"' He grasped the little hand, and laid his large, cool fingers on the flurried pulse. " Aunt, you're ill that's what's the matter with you- not kettles and filters. Come along and sit n dsown and tell me how you feel. It's that 1 beastly tower business, I expect. I just t. thought you'd catch cold, exposed so long h to the night air. h " I had it before, darling. I could not a have caught it there, wrapped up as 1 was -so well taken care of." He took her to the family sitting-room, and there looked at her tongue, listened to her breathing-which was decidedly heavy c -and put a clinical thermometer into her t mouth. Temperature 101 . "' You go straight off to bed, old lady," he said sternly. "That's the place for . you " " I can't, dear boy. I must get Eve's r print frock finished. Now that the wea- f ther has turned hot, she has nothing to wear." r *? Off to bed," he repeated, with the in- t elxeble air of the professional adviser. f you don't go of your own accord, I shall call the Governor to make you. I shall send for a doctor whom you won't f like half as well as you do me." Aunt went to bed, and Eve put on a poultice-in a great hurry-before going r to afternoon school, and Alan administered a dose from a bottle he had procured at t the chemist's. Then the patient was ordered to go to sleep, and no one thought - 1 anything more about her until tea-time. 3 The boy went to the club tennis- ground, a and the girl, on her return from school, practised exercises on the piano. Aunt, E propping herself on pillows, and with her work-basket beside her, sewed at the print I frock all the afternoon, and finished it. She was accustomed to a cup of tea at four o'clock, and to-day pined for it des perately, choked with the scorching thirst of a fever now at 1030. She heard the rattle of the tray as Sarah carried it to the sitting-room, and trembled with suspense as Eve strummed on and on, regardless of its arrival. After five minutes' waiting, aunt called aloud; she waited, weeping a little, and called again; but she was too far off for her voice to be heard, and she had no bell. At last, in desperation, she got out of bed and went down the passage in her nightgown-a thing strictly for bidden by her medical man. Eve heard her then, and came flying to scold her for disobeying Alan's orders. " You bad old woman! What's the use of doctoring you, when you undo it all like this ?" "I want my tea, love; and I want it hot," said poor aunt. "All right. I thought you were asleep. Get to bed, and I'll bring it to you." Aunt retreated to her room, and Eve brought the tea. But now it was tepid and nasty, the milk a brown scum upon the top-no comfort at all. However, aunt bore the disappointment,, rather than trouble Sarah and Eve to make a fresh cup, since they did not volunteer to do so. She drank the wretched stuff, while her niece eagerly turned about the*print frock and urged her to finish it it she could, so that it might be put on in the morning. When the girl had gone, having been called for to take a walk with I school friend, the little hot hands sewed on des= perately until their job was done. Then aunt got out of bed again to put away her woe k-basket, lest Alan should suspect what she had been doing and scold her; and, returning, lay down in the pensive dusk to realise how solitary she was, and how much more ill she felt than she had done in the morning. " Oh, how happy theyare that have their own dear husbands to take care of them !" she thought, with her handkerchief at her fevered eyes. However, she was not without some one to care for her. In the evening, when the family were making merry with a casual guest over a game of cards, and Sarah was talking to her young man at the yard door, a shrinking, slinking form came gliding through the passages and up the stairs and straight into the darkened room. Toby seemed to have foreboded that aunt was ill, and felt impelled to come and see, the I reason of which unusual solicitude on the t part of a dog for a person not belonging to his, own .household being due to his instinctive knowledge that she ought to have belonged to it, and virtually did a so. He laid his damp nose on the 'edge of I the mattress and whimpered under his i breath, begging her to reassure him. Then, ' after standing still for a long time, while I she embraced his head and let him lick her face as much as he liked, he 'stealthily climbed upon the bed and stretched him self at full length beside her. He was full a of fleas, but she did not mind-that now. i They lay there together in-silent sympathy until Mr Ransome, learning that his sister I was not well, came to ask her how she felt, c on his way to bed. Then Toby was kicked I downstairs and was bundled out into the I street. t All next day Mr Paine kept. audibly e wondering what on earth'was the matter with'that dog. Tobly left the house, and came back, whining and restless; left it c agaii,'and' returned in the same perturbed I condition, as if vainly looking for some- e thing. "What is it, old dog?.: What is it, then?" he demanded cheerily, slapping Toby's sides. :.. f \- Toby yapped, jumped with all his feet at -s once and made little rans~,et the door.. "'"Do you want me to tko -you, for a c walk, old fellow ? Very well,let us go for t a walk." 3Mr Paine went .fo get .his hat and stick, and Toby shrieked with eager ness. So the object of his desire seemed a understood. t The parson, who was an inveterate gos sip, stopped a few parishfiners in 'the t street; then he remembered''that 'he he had t something to say to his treasurer about i a Church meeting, and called at Mr t Ransome's bank. The manager was at o home. but seemed less interested in Church matters than usual. d " I hope," said ,Mr Paine, "that your v family are all well." t "Thank you," said Mr Ransome, " they 1; are, with the exception of my sister, who f has managed to pick up a nasty sort of t feverish cold." R " I am sorry for that. She is not 1 seriously indisposed, I trust ?" " I trust not," said Mr Ransome. " For the house all seems to go to pieces when g she is laid up. He said no more, and Mr Paine, feeling h that he was not wanted particularly, got a up to go. " Here, Toby i Toby !" he called. t " Where is that dog of mine off to ?" d "I daresay he is in my sister's room," said v the banker, with wonderful toleration, for g he had been heard to threaten that he would shoot Toby some day, " You miight V leave him, if you don't mind. It amuses her to have him." t ",5'rtainly," said Mr Paine, " if he is t not a nuisance. Give her my kind regards, t and tell her I hope she will soon be herself I again." That evening, when hle was in his study, t looking up a subject for Sunday's sermon, v Toby came and clawed at the door, and whined more urgently than ever. " Hlie can't want a walk now," thought c the parson, annoyed by the disturbance; V " and if he goes on like this, he will have I to be punished. Q.iet, sir!" he thundered. o Then Tuby gave upasking him to comeand 'I help poor aunt in her extremiiy, and went back to do what he could for her by him- t self. He found the bank shut up, and lay t on its street doorstep till morning. t In the morning the town rang with the news that aunt was in a critical state with inflammation of the lungs. The veriest nobody becomes a somebody under these a circumstances. Mr Paine, breakfastless, a was rushing oiff to make enquiries, when a note was put into his hand. " DEAR Ma PAINE, " M'r poor iuit. has had a .very bad night,.and the doctor seems to considher her case a serious one. Fath9r thinks it would be a comfort to her to pee aclergy man, so will you kindly come' round to day, if quite convenient ? They ire trying to sFt hIr to sleep now, so perhaps you had better not call until after dinner. "Yours sincerely, " Eva R?,'SOMIE.' lr iPaine called four-times, but it was not suntil late in the afternoon that he was let in, though hisdaughter had been assis t..nt nurse all day. It was Anna who with held, and then gave permission to admit t him, and who gravely escorted him to aunt's room. " She is a hlittle bett-r now,".said the young clergywoman, in her business-like i way. -" Iut it will not last. You had better urge her to take the sacrament while she can. I suggested it for this afternoon, and a that we should join, but she seems to wish to see you alone first. I am afraid she does t not realise how short her time is likely to be." The clergyman, leaving behind him his a prayer-book for the sick, and all concern c for the viaticam to which Anna attached t so much importance, crept into aunt's room. What a change, in three days, from i that happy, happy night! She had just rallied from a sort of half.drowned state, a out of seas of stupefying pain and narcotic insensibility, and she smiled at him wist fully with her heavy, dark eyes. But death was in her face. He saw it the moment he looked at her, and she- knew that he saw it. Jie sat down in the chair by the bed-on the far side of her lay Toby, looking from one to the other with solemn estisfaction -amid he took her poor hand in his, and wept over it and kissed it. It was the first lover's kiss that aunt had over had. " Lock the door," she a:hispered, pant ing. He stumbled across the room, blind with tears, and turned the key in the lock. Going back to her, he dropped on his knees, put one arm under the pillow and the other over her laboring little breast, and kissed her again-on the lips this time. She kissed himu back, moaning, with shut eyes, holding him to her as well as she could with hands so fast losing their power to hold anything. Toby gently stretched forward from where lie lay be side them, and licked the two grey heads. " I have chosen the altar-cloth," gasped aunt, when she was able to speak. " Num ber fifty-two--the Latin cross-with the three stars--on the super-frontal-in silk velvet-the best--" " Oh, my dear," he groaned, "don't mind those trifles now !" " Yes. You must get it-for Easter. I want a lawyer-to come and make a codi cil. I want to leave-the money to buy it -number fifty.two. Then-when you go -into the church-and see it--you will remember me." "Oh, my God ! As if I shall need any. thing to 'remember you by !" A bursting sob broke from him, hushed down quickly, lest the people in the house should hear. Aunt's face- screwed up for a moment, and two tears rolled down. Toby rose to his feet in alarm, and sniffed and whined. " Don't-darling !" breathed aunt. "Oh, I never know- I never thought-that yost cared like that!" ',,. : " Didn't you? You must have known.. But the children, dear--te childien---c' "They would nevedr have allowed it,' sighed aunt. " I might have had you all this time to take care of, to nurse---" '" And I could have been such a comfort to you -William --" "Elizabeth! Oh, what a different life! What a home--" "But the children -wouldn't let us. They woul& have said-we were mad; They wouldponever-never have allowed it, William." " And now-now we have lost the chance !" " Yes -no, not quite. This has been our chance. Kiss me, William. Oh, Wil liam! I never thought-to call you Wil liam-to have you kiss me--William--" "Oh, Elizabeth ! Elizabeth!" Toby whined again, begging them to command themselves. But they could not. Anna looked at the clock in the sitting room about this time. " Father must have finished his prayers and reading by now," she said. "I must take her some nourisal ment." She took it, and firmly administered it. Mr Paine witnessed the operation in mute anguish, hovering between the bed and the door, while the patient did her best to show him that khe could swallow still. Then he was ordered to go home and do his sermon. For it was Friday night. On Sunday night she died, while he was preaching a sermon that was several years old. And, "of course, he had not been allowed to nurse her. in her last hours, though Toby was privileged to stay by her 1 nearly all the time. Toby would have been I turned out often, but whenever he saw a chance of that happening he got under the bed, and so evaded notice. He also learned that he must not open.his-mouth, though his heart should burst with grief ; so he lay and watched in passive patience, f or with pricked ears and quivering nose, until his friend ceased to see he was there, 9 ceased to respond to his surreptitious ' licks, ceased to be visible to his yearning ° eyes. Then he did lament most dismally. They overlooked him, lyingunder the bed, when they left her in a long box with a. '1 sheet over it, hidden in a nest of out paper f frills; and the noise he:made gave Sarsh- v such a turn that she declared she dtrt'n't t sleep in the house till the corpse was out a of it.: A corpse that a dog. howled over in a that fashion was something out oL nature, f she said. c They tied Toby up with a strong chain I all Monday, so that he might not disturb the funeral. The weather changed on Monday-in that sudden way that is peculiar to Aus tralian weather-from summer to winter, in a night. And the hundreds of mourners that " followed," in cabs and buggies, and en horseback and on foot, after the kindly Australian custom. felt an unusual grey dreariness in the familiar function, and were glad to get it over and get back to the warm precincts of home and the public house. By four o'clock - twenty hours from the time when she had belonged to the living world-poor aunt was in her grave, with the raw earth heaped above her; and the gates of the cemetery were shut, and not a soul within them. But one came back. Mr Paine, having " gone through the ordeal of getting his tea, t could no longer endure the proximity of a his daughter, with her untimely questions and advice. On a pretext of parochial 1 business, he went out while it was still daylight, and took Toby oil the chain to go vith him. The dog sprang forward, wag gieg an expectant tail, as if there were still hopes that aunt might be somewhere e whence she could le brought back. But when he stood beside her grave, anl saw a how his master looked at it, he seemed to 1I understand what had been done that day, s tough he had not been to the funeral. tl le lifted up his nose and howled on a long s note; then he fell upon tha new-made g mound, and began to rake away the earth with his fore-paws. 0 "No use, Toby!" said his weeping P naster. And he stopped the dog's pro- m ceedings, replacing the scattered mould " with his hands, and patting it smooth. h Dogs were not allowed in the cemetery, by order of the trustees, but the print of Poby's body was discernible upon that mound as long as the soil was loose enough ' o take it. The caretaker laid wait with his gun for the desecrating beast, until " he matter wafs explained to him. Then 1 ho and the trustees gave Toby the freedom d of the city-that city of the dead. The Pnsoomes wanted to buy him, for aunt's sake, and the enticements of pats and bones were offered from many other quarters. But a dog like Toby is not to be bought, though men and women are. IHe stuck to his fellow-mourner, making more of him than he had ever done, seeing a new need for his devotion - a double need. The parish did not see it, but Tl'oby-saw it i -the change that the '80th of November had worked in W'illiam Paine. The child ron might call him an old man now, for he t was an old man. iBut he had not been old before. t5 LTiit END.] 