In An Alpine Hut. No paltry words of mine can even faintly shadow forth the radiant glory whelming every sense as we stood, the guide and I. towards sunset one August evening, on the great Aletsch Glacier. The western sky—la sera, 'the evening,' as the Italians call it—was one blaze of j color, blended harmonies in gold and j crimson, cardinal and amber, purple ' and brown, turquoise, opal and deli- | cate green. On every hand rose giant pies and aiguilles, gray rocks : and more distant snow-capped peaks, : glowing rosy-red or white, as no ; fuller on earth can whiten them, j And over all lay the tender ' light at j evening time,' its speaking stillness, its ineffable beauty and pathos, the sense:, like a soft strain from one of Handel's oratorios. j Even my trusty guide, Melchior, I a self-contained, broad-shouldered, j stolid-hearted giant, from one of the j valleys of the Bernese Oberland, j accustomed, as he was, to nature j alike in her sternest and most melt- j ing moods, was entranced. The rays | of the setting sun caught Ins yellow j hair till it stood out like a nimbus j about his weather-beaten John-the- ! Baptist-like head, and he muttered under his breath, more to himself than to me, ' Ach! ist es nicht schon!' (Ah ! isn't it beautiful!) Melchior and I had had a long and rather tiring day's climb up the northern flank of the Rhone Valley, by way of the Riederalp, from Brieg. We were making for Kanderstag by the Beichgrat, and were to sleep at j a hut on the way. Evening was | drawing in as we flung down our I knapsacks and gear at the hut door. ; A glance within showed us we were ; not going to occupy it alone. An- : other Englishman and his guide were already in possession. They had come across from the Oberland, and were going down to Zermatt, as yet unspoiled by hints of a railway, and where old Seiler, prince of Alpine innkeepers, still bore sway among real mountaineers. They had already I kindled a fire, and were now sitting j over it at supper, and after the first I mutual glances of suspicion, with which the British tourist all the world over is wont to favor those whom he considers to be interlopers on his special domain, whether in railway carriages or in Alpine solitudes, the freemasonry of the mountains thawed our insular exclusiveness, and we tacitly agreed to put up with each other. Supper over, we wrapped ourselves in our plaids, and sat by the fire. The two guides were already snor- I ing the snore of the just, and even ! had they been awake their command of English was too uncertain I and limited to cause any sense of constraint should my countryman j and I feel inclined to talk. But a j silence had fallen on us both. I cast a glance now and then at his face as he sat abstractedly staring into the fire, which was at that moment, j throwing out long tongues of flame j and wreaths of smoke that cast eerie and fantastic shadows on the bare walls of the hut. Insensibly L began to feel drawn towards him. He was a man of from thirty to thirty-five, of slight build, rather above the medium height, and his face was square and grave. Every now and again their passed over it a curious look as of something indefinably and elusively painful, it was so partial, so transient, that 1 could not at first leei sure of my own impressions ; but in half an hour or so I grew absolutely certain mat that look was not due to any mere physical weariness, f wondered whether he would talk, and felt drawn to him in that odd fashion which sometimes impels naturally self-contained and reticent men to confide freely in an absolute stranger. I was tired, but uncomfortably far from drowsiness. Notwithstanding the often severe physical exertions which mountaineering entails, these tremendous Alpine solitudes not in- frequently produce an almost unmanageable, nervous exaltation, under w'hich sleep becomes difficult. Knowing this well, it is my invariable custom io carry one or two small pocket volumes with which to quiet myself down a little before turning in. The indispensable "Baedeker" is, of course, rather for prosiac use than for enjoyment, and my literary companions on this journey were Shelly's "Prometheus Unbound," and a little volume of selections from Browning. Tonight, in comparison with the sunset I had just seen, even the "Pro- • metheus," with all its marvellous word-music, and its subtle interpretation of mountain scenery, seemed inadequate and out of place, and I j turned to Browning for something totally different in kind. ' Ah, you've got a book,' said the j man opposite, suddenly rousing j himself, as I took it out of a pocket, j ' If you wouldn't mind reading some- | thing aloud, I should really be greatly obliged, for I left all my books down in the valley with my heavier baggage. I don't in the least mind what it is.' I turned over the leaves haphazard, and began at ' The Mermaid.' The man opposite relapsed into his taciturn melancholy. I could not discern whether he was | ! j ; paying the slightest heed to what I was reading, but thought not. I passed on to ' Andrea del Sarto'— still the same abstracted look. I yawned, and thought I would lie down after one more piece, and listlessly began ' A Light Woman.' So far as my story approaches the end, Which do you pity the most of the three ? I droned away, without thinking much of the meaning of the words, | until I came to— I For, see, my friend goes shaking and white ; I He eyes me as the basilisk I have turned, it appears, his day to night, : Eclipsing his sun's disk, And I did it, he thinks I ' Oh, my God, my God! I looked up hastily. The face of the man by the fire was white and drawn. I flung the book aside, and jumped up. ' Are you unwell ? Here, I've got some brandy.' I thrust the flask | into his hand. He drank, and it l seemed to affect him no more than ! water. ' What's the matter ?' I asked, anxiously ; ' do you think you have strained yourself in any way coming up here ?' ' No ; it's all right. It's not anything. Don't mind. It's—it's only a trifling matter. I'm all right.' He was nothing of the kind. He was fighting hard, the sweat on his forehead, to regain his composure. However, it was not my business, or any kindness to him, to obtrude my ' said, ' Shall I go on ? ' Once more the man turned as | white as a sheet. In a moment or : two he burst out— ' No, for Heaven's own sake, put that confounded book away !—I beg your pardon. I didn't quite mean that. Look here, if you don't mind, I'll tell you about it. I'm not likely ever to meet you again, and, if I do, we're strangers, of course. But if 1 have to keep it to myself much longer I shall go off my head. Should you mind ? ' Of course I hastened to reassure him. His very visible distress had, then, a mental, not a physical, origin, poor chap, and he reallyseemed m a bad way. It is, perhaps, hardly what one would choose, to have confidences of Heaven only knows what nature imparted to one by a complete stranger, towards midnight, on a lonely glacier. He : might be a fugitive irom justice, for ! aught I could tell. I glanced at him again. No, I did him a wrong. There was nothing skulking in his face, the face of an upright, manly gentleman ; but there WclS 3. pleading, wistful look that conquered me. It was clearly a case of Black Care, not a crime and the police court ; i ! | ! I j i ; j j ' I { j j j i ! | j j j and he wanted simplv to make use of me as a temporary safety-valve for his surcharged feelings. 1 stirred up the fire, settled myself to listen, and begged him to say whatever he thought fit. ' I may as well tell you at once,' he began, ' that I don't say this because you could help me, or anythi ng of that kind. The whole thing is over and done with, irrevocably. But I can't get it out of my head. It's—well, it's all very much like that stuff you were reading just now. I'll be as clear as I can.' ' Jim and I are in the Indian Civil Service. We were at Eton together. Then we went up as Indian Civil candidates to Cambridge— Trinity Hall—for two yea r s.' ' Is he your brother?' I ventured to put in. ' Oh, no, nothing of that kind. He's my chum. We began it at Eton. Public School man yourself? Well, then, of course, you understand. I've got some brothers somewhere or other, I believe, but I never cared for any of them as I did for Jim. Out in India, you know, the natives believe in the transmigration of souls, and they won't kill a cow for fear it should be their transmigated grandfather in disguise. So, of course, it doesn't follow that the other people who have transmigrated into your family are really any relation to you. 'Pon my word, I'm inclined to believe it sometimes, or why should people belonging to the same family sometimes have so little in common with each other ? However, that's neither here not there— Jim and I have always been together ever since we were quite little chaps in the same tutor's house at Eton. He is a year or so younger than I, and one of the best fellows you ever met. We went out to India together, and got appointed to the same station. We were so entirely used to each other that while the other men of our standing went home, or got married, or did worse, neither Jim nor I ever seemed to feel the need of permanently exchanging each other's company for that of anyone else. ' Well, last year we were both down with fever—had it pretty badly—and then came home on leave. My own people are so scattered about the world that when we got home I went with Jim to stay for a few days with his people quite as a matter of course. They are W T est End people, see a good deal of the best society, and all that kind of thing. I stayed there fcr a few days, and then took some rooms close by. Society was exceedingly pleasant after so long at a lonely Indian station, and it was a treat to have some really varied and extensive ladies' companionship ; and yet somehow both Jim and I now and then felt it a real relief to betake ourselves off to my chambers, and be our natural selves , ' I suppose I am a confirmed old bachelor, but I have always been ; rather afraid that if ever Jim were to j fall in love, he would make a perfectly awful mess of it. He is a dear old chap, but apart from Indian affairs—where his judgment is worth as much as that of any man I know — he is much too easily imposed upon, and it is mainly his own fault. And he did make a mess of it with a vengeance ! ' It was within three weeks of our return home that I began to see that things were going very wrong indeed. There was a lady—let us call her Miss Redland, Evelyn Redland—who was a prominent figure in the circle in whicli Jim's people moved. We met her several times. She had great brilliance and beauty of a certain type, but women did not trust her, and she had among men the not unjust reputation of being a heartless flirt. I believe she was originally more sinned against than sinning : cherchcz lafemmeis a coward's excuse, seeing what circumstances, mostly of men's making, or, at any rate, of men's upholding, have often ; J j j j I j | ! j I j ' | • j i | driven women into in sheer self defence. I have otten thought she might have turned out a noble woman if she had been properly taken in hand when she was a child ; but her social upbringing had been as bad as one can well imagine. She had brains enough to make the fortune of a professional man, but all attempts to find a healthy outlet for her j energy had been deluged with ridicule and cold water. Her people flitted ! month by month from Belgravia to Brighton, to Ascot, Hamburg, ; Paris, and so on. She was very high- | spirited, but had never been taught self-control, never given any responsibility, no ideal set before her save amusement, and nothing to give her moral balance ; and she had, as a foregone conclusion, become—what she had become. Good heavens! anyone who attempted so to bring up a lad with similar tendencies would rightly be voted a criminal fool. Women are, I suppose, very like men in some ways, after all, and small blame to them, and every blame to their friends, if they sometimes very naturally develop into fiends. ' Well, as I saying, she was pretty well known by this time, and all the saner men took her just as she was. She and they flirted and fenced, and no particular harm was done. But when a stupid, soft-headed wrongheaded old boy like Jim threw common sense to the winds, the result was not pretty to contemplate. The other men spoke of her in Jim's hearing in a way that made him sick and savage. He loathed what he was pleased to call their cynicism, and rushed head-long into a fool's paradise, to place her on a lofty pedestal of every imaginable virtue, and then to fall down and worship her in a way that was perfectly abject. Every mortal soul could see that she was fully aware what a fool he was, and that she would only put up with it until his foolishness began to bore her. And I knew all the while that when the inevitable crash came, it would be death and all manner of destruction to him. If only he did not marry her first! ' At last I felt that I could stand it no longer. Things were getting too hideously serious altogether. I would save him against his will, come what might. And I did. But God knows at what cost. ' I lured him up to my rooms one night. I rammed into him, with perfectly brutal candor what everyone else knew already. I can't talk about that—it nearly broke our friendship then and there. Jim went raging mad. I don't suppose he would have said all the mean things that he credited me with if he had been remotely cool; and it hurt more than a little. There are things one can forgive, but never really forget. They burn into one like hot iron. We had ne^er had a quarrel like tnat before. I suppose that at last, from sheer exhaustion of his fury, it did strike him that he had been a bit unreasonable, for after he had sworn at me for a good half-hour on end, the dear old man came and put his hand on my shoulder, and said in a very queer voice : ' Let us drop the whole thing entirely, old chap. 1 daresav you thought you believed all you said, but then you're really suc.i an ass, and you don't know anything whatever about this kind of thing. There isn't a word of truth in it from beginning to end. You're one big mass of prejudice. You don't know her. Go and make friends with her ; you'll soon get to like her, and believe in her just as I do. Her nature is so strong, so straight in eveiy way [it was nothing of the kind j ; it would j make a man of you just to know her; | I am completely sure of her—no one seems to know her as I do. She is the one woman in the whole world who has made m.: feel what a perfect heaven life may be, what heavenly inspiration a wo.n:.n may be in a man's life. Go and make friends with her. I am so absolutely sure of her that I shan't be the least little bit jealous, even if you are with her every day.' He gripped my hand and went away. ' I think my first feeling was one of profound pity for the woman. What had she ever done that any man should go piling such monstrous responsibilities for his own sake upon her shoulders ! To do her justice she had only snubbed him, snubbed him with almost vulgar candour. This was her ' great strength and straightness of character !' What fools men are ! 'What can you do with a man like that—absolutely bent on proving himself an abject lunatic, or something worse ? I sat ruminating a long while. Nothing short of a cataclysm could open his eyes. I wondered whether there was still time for me to act Providence to Jim and provide a cataclysm for his especial benefit. His advice to make friends with her had set me thinking. I went to bed thinking. I woke up in the grey dawn, thinking still. Suddenly a notion occurred to me, an odious, beastly, loathsome notion, and I promptly kicked it oul. It came back ; not once or twice, but a score of times. I remembered that line in Horace about the futility of trying to expel nature with a pitchfork. I lay tossing for several hours. At last, in sheer despair, I got up and looked it in the face. It was clear that the pitchfork plan was a failure. I accepted the notion. ' You'll excuse me for going into detail. A man can't sacrifice his self - respect, even to a life-long chum, with entire equanimity. In short, I set myself to make love to a worn em I disliked and despised to draw her attention off }im—on to myself, if need be. Jim saw it and rejoiced. He thought I had taken his advice, and waited patiently for my congratulations. Hitherto I think I had repelled h;r. I had never, certainly, taken any pv.ins to make myself agreeable to her. She may have been a little afraid of me. Women don't like men who seem to have no separate individuality of their own. One reason why she couldn't care fjr Jim was that he deferred to her in such an abject way that she grew nauseated at being driven in upon herself, and despise i him for making her so selfconscious. But I assure vou, on my honor as a gentleman, that I never thought for a moment that what I was doing would have any other significance to her than that of a temporary flirtation ; and that would, perhaps, tide Jim over the crisis. ' One night—I had quite devoted myself to this hateful business—she and Jim and I were all at a big reception near Hyde Park Corner. Late in the evening I got her into a conservatory where we were fairly screened from the general view. I had been flirting idiotically with her all the evening, and had nearly come to the end of whatever self-respect I had left. We sat down. Like a mad fool I went just an inch too far, and said something compromising. Heaven knows I had not realised with what edge-tools I was playing. She suddenly threw aside her brilliant, cynical, society mask. I saw her for a moment as God meant she should be, if man had not done his best all her life to spoil His handiwork. She thought I meant it. ' She cared for me then, cared as only a woman can care! I who loathed her for Jim's sake, and no more wanted her love than the man in the moon. It was a sweet situation. ' In the very middle, Jim stumbled in. He caught the tender look on her face, the utter embarrassment on mine. He saw the impatient disgust with which she welcomed his interruption. He saw then, what she also saw, that I had been behaving like a blackguard, a low cad without sense of honor, or loyalty, or personal dignity. I shall never forget the next five minutes. What could I possibly say to either of them ? I never felt so like one of the damned in all my life. Poor Evelyn Redland. Poor dear old'Jim ! ' I don't quite remember what happened during the next week or so. A man whom I knew dropped in one day, and said incidentally that Jim had asked for Evelyn's hand that night, and had been refused with some plain-speaking that made him wince. It must have been only about ten minutes before I took her into the conservatory, and Jim, in his distress, was probably looking for me to go home. 1 saw nothing of him—1 have seen nothing of him since that night. I heard he had gone to Scotland, and that a brother and cousin, being anxious for his health, had gone with him. I was glad to think his eyes were opened at last, and before it was too kite. But at what cost! At what cost ! My God, my God!' * * * The fire had burned low, and the two guides were sunk in a deep sleep. I stirred the embers into a last blaze, and ventured to look across at the man who had just bared his heart to me. . 1 If I may ask,' I said, after a long silence. ' have you heard how things are going with your friend now ?' 'Just before I came off here, I wrote to his cousin and begged him to let me know. He replied that Jim was still in very wretched spirits, Out he thought they would pull him round. He had mentioned my name to Jim, and Jim had responded with something of a ghost of his old affectionate look. And I have learned that he has not applied for an exchange of posts in India. Fortunately, our leave is nearly up. J think we shall have to return in the same vessel. It cuts me to the heart to think of him. I see his face all through these mountains as clearly as I see yours. How does your book put it ?' ' My friend goes shaking and white.' Just so. ' Thanks very much for listening. I expect I shall be gone before you are up. My man and I start before daybreak. Good night.' We shook hands across the dying fire. He turned in his rug and slept. In the morning all traces of him had vanished. I never saw him again. 