From the Vasty Deep, (For the "Town and Country Journal.") I was 32, and had been at the bar seven years. Seven years, and during that time only twice had a solicitor. enterca my aaor, and I had long despaired of any chance of a third occasion. And yet when I was called my prospects were the envy of men four and five, yes, ten years my senior. Was not my nome Horrocks ? and was not my uncle senior partner in the firm of Horrocks and Perkins, who were reported to do more busi ness than any ten solicitors had any right to do? Had I not been brought up from the first with a view to practise at the bar, my uncle having guaran teed to send me work to the value of £300 a year from his own office from the day of my call? And yet, starting under better auspices than a judge's son, the result was as I have stated. The first of those never-to-be forgotten visits came a week after I had made my bow. when the Chief Justice said : "Let Mr. Horrocks be admitted to the bar," and had had fol lowed with the stereotyped, "Mr. Horrocks, do you move?" My uncle come up to my chambers with my first brief, endorsed " Johnson against Burke. Instructions for pleas. Mr. Horrocks, 2 guineas." " Jack, my boy," he said, "this is only a simple thing, . but you can't expect to argue a demurrer just at first, you know. It's an action on a pro. note, and you can draw the pleas in five minutes. Send it down during the morning ; I must get up to the district court." I opened the brief, not feel ing as eure as I could wish about disposing of tiie matter in, the time so glibly mentioned by my uncle. However, on per usal, the matter seemed simple enough. The defendant denied ever having given the plaintiff any promissory note whatever. " It is therefore plain," I thought, "that he doesn't owe the money, so 'never indebted' will do." This plea I wrote out neatly, endorsed the brief, and sent it down-to my uncle's office. Two days later, the eecond visit before alluded to took place. My uncle, who appeared at the door black in the face with rage, informed me that the plaintiff had treated my plea as a nullity, and signed judgment. What else he said I prefer not to remember ; enough it is that that second visit was the last that he, or any other solicitor, ever paid me. Seven years passed, and I had just determined to throw up my profession, and go to West Aus tralia, when the opportunity of making money in on easier way presented. One evening at a meeting of the Women's Society for the Study of the Higher Arts, Propagation, of Political Views, and Suppression of the Drink Trafile, f was introduced to Miss Moul ton. Mies Moulton was the kind of woman one would expect to meet at such a gathering. She was the typical angular, spec tacled, felt-hatted, short-skirted, crop-headed mon strosity of the comic illustration, but Miss Moul ton also had £5000 per annum. I look for more than mere beauty in a woman; and I take into consideration the claims of virtue and intellect. If Miss Moulton had not possess ed intellect she would not have studied the Higher Arts and Propagated Political Views. If she had not possessed virtue she would not have Suppress ed the Drink Traffic. Finally, she-but I need not enumerate all her attractions, they were num berless. Acquaintance ripened into friendship, friendship into love. At least hers did, for my feelings had undergone no such slow transforma tion; I had loved her wildly from the first. Just at this time Miss Moulton's mind gave evi dence of its vigor. She joined a society for psychical research, and bored me to death with perpetual stories of the marvels she almost night ly witnessed at the society's seances. That ls, she would have bored me, had not my love for her made her every utterance of never-failing in terest. It was indiscreet of me, perhaps, but It is a fact, that on one occasion I betrayed scepti cism as to the probabilities of General Wash ington's spirit having danced a hornpipe and sung a coster song at the seance of the preceding Thurs day. Miff Mmiltnn's manner became positively freezing. "Mr. Horrocks," she said, "vulgar scepticism IE to be expected by all who publish groat truths but from you, from you I had looked for some understanding, some sympathy for our glorious search after the veil of Isis." I was by this time too clearly aware of the error into which I had fallen to criticise the last few words of her speech, and hastened to modify my position, and T professed the utmost eagerness to bo converted. Next evening I accompanied her to a seance. The first great truth that was borne home to me was that the majority of the au dience would be the better for a good wash. There were, however, several fairly eminent professional men there, who appeared to believe in the thing devoutly.- The medium was a thin, wild-haired woman, whose English was more than doubtful, and who needed soap and water more than the mest unkempt of the audience. How the ensu ing phenomena were produced I do not pretend to explain. Shadowy forms appeared and conversed with us freely. Miss Moulton was so pleased with my comments on the seance that she intro duced me to the medium as the latest convert, and the next day sent me over several books on the subject. They appeared to me to be pseudo scientific literary hysteria, but this opinion I kept to myself. II. Why I had not sufficient sense to let well alone, I cannot say. Looking back, I daily curse myself for an egregious ass. Bmt at the time I thought myself so clever that I needs must try to give Miss Moulton indisputable proofs of the genuineness of my faith in things spiritual. And having come to this determination, what more effectual method could I adopt than to de monstrate that, not only did I believe in spirits, but that the spirits in their turn believed in me? Sufficiently, at any rate, to allow me to act as their "medium," when they condescended to play the fool for ithe edification of the faithful. Hav ing doubts of my ability to produce the genuine article, I considered it advisable to do the best I could with a colorable imitation; but for this pur pose it wais necessary to find someone to assist me by playing the part of the ghost. I cast about for tsome time in my mind to think of someone who could safely be trusted. As if in answer to my thoughts, tho second day after I had come to my notable resolution I re ceived a visit from poor old Dicky Merriman. Dicky was one of those Individuals of rather less than moderate intelligence, who by reason of much volubility and heavy drinking obtain the reputa tion of being geniuses who have wrecked their lives through intemperance. Anyone who mention ed hie name always remarked, "By George! if that chap didn't drink, he could he Premier of New South Waleis in a week"-an opinion which Dicky, who, like most heavy drinkers, was Intolerably p^lf-eoncelted, fully shared. He came up to my chambers to borrow half a crown to pay for a cab in which to call on a well known city man. "You see, my boy," he said, "I've got the grandest écheme on you ever heard of, and I'm going to see Barrett about it this morning and get him to finance the thing till I can float a company. And you know it'll never do ito go down on foot, he'll not attach the same importance to my representations as if I came down in proper style." This speech he accom panied with a grave and ponderous nod, while ho lit an evil-looking pipe, keeping his bleared eyes on mine in a solemn way for several minutes. I thought to myself that if Barrett was ass enough to consider Dicky as anything but a drun ken cadger, even if he came in tho Governor's carriage, then it required less intelligence to suc ceed in business than I had supposed. All I said, however, was, "Let us hear the scheme, old boy," with a great show of cordiality and interest. "Well, old chap," he said, "I'll tell you, though you must promise to keep it as dark aa night. I'm going to start a life insurance office." He paused, and looked ait me gravely and stead ily for several seconds. "Indeed," said I, "I wish you luck, but I thought you had some novel kind of scheme." "Ah!" he ineplled, "but wait till I tell you. We're not going to accept any life, unless our medical man certifies that the applicant suffers from at least three incurable diseases." "In that case," I answered, "I hope you will retain my services when you go into liquidation." "You think we'll go into liquidation, do you?" said Dicky. "That's all you know. Now, I've studied the matter carefully, and I've come to the conclusion that healthy people are so careless of themselves that they die at an early age of the first thing that gets hold of them. ' Now, people who know they've got to be careful, never die till they're about eighty or so, because they never take any risks." "Look here, Dick," I said, "never mind about the company just now; listen to me a minute, and I'll put you in the way of making a cool £500 in a singlo night." "Good luck to you, my son, and to the deuce with the old company," was his answer. "Fire away, and let's have up a bottle of beer, so that we can consider the matter properly." This being done, I explained the position to him. I was to give a seance at which he was to represent any spirits that might be required, and on the day of my marriage to Miss Moulton he was to receive £500. For the next week I practised evening after evening by myself the antics which I had seen the medium perform at the seance I had attended. I practised going limp and groaning and rolling my eyes, shuddering violently at intervals, and I also conscientiously went through the shibboleth of an incantation, which one of Miss Moulton's books recommended as effectual. The ensuing week 1 intended to have a full dress rehearsal with Dick, who for the present wa« in n glorious nnd con tinual state of drunk. It was towards the close of the evening, the fourth time that I practised that I was startled by a momentary appearance of something between me and the opposite wall. Directly I attempted to look at it however it disappeared, and I thought lt must hilve been merely a shadow. But the fifth evening tho same thing happened, and thlf* time the appear ance was slightly more distinct, u_id lasted longer. Tho sixth evening I could have sworn I made out an indistinct shape, and on the seventh I was paralysed with tenor when a voice in tho room said, "What do you wont?" Glued to my chair, my hair bristling and my jaw rigid, I stared at the wall, while gradually a misty shadow took shape and stood forth clearly outlined against tho pale colored wall paper. "Wk-wh-who are you?"I stammered, while the cold sweat mn down my face. It is one thing to interview spirits in company with twenty other people, and another to be alone with them in a dark room. Something indefinite advanced towards me and I fainted sheer away. I recovered my senses to find the ghost throwing cold water over me. III. I had now been three days in the ghost's company. The first morning I had expected it to vanish at cock-crow, but it explained that had it come of its own accord it must have done so, but os lit was summoned by me it could not leave till I dismissed it. I had Immediately ordered it away, but then found that it could only go when I should perform a proper ceremony what that ceremony was It did not know, and on searching the books I found that though they were full of information as to the manner of summoning spirits, they were absolutely sihmt on the method of getting rid of them again. I had gone to the leading spiritualists, only to find them absolutely Incre dulous. They wholly refused to believe that I had a real ghost, and seemed to think me particularly clever to He so naturally. I reluctantly aban doned all hopes in that direc tion. Aa a last resort, I had read fha Riot Act to the Ghost, and commanded it and every of it to disperse in the Queen's nama This failing, I had tried to dissolve it with acids. Then I read it a poem commencing "eftsoons the nocent water spout," but it only shuddered violently, and begged me to de siet. Not only was it a nuisance about the place, b*t it had begun to develop an appetite. Commencing with chocolate creams, it soon reached the stage of beefsteak and beer. When it had been with me a week, it ate twice as much as I did, and this I found a ser ious tax on my already low funds. One day, about a, month ofter its arrival, I was sitting in a chair, and looking very much bored. I noticed that it had become quite substantial-look ing, owing, no doubt, to- its liberal diet. "Look, here, Horrocks," it said, with a yawn¿ "I've had enough of this. I want a change. I vote we go to th« theatre to-night." "Do you?" I answered, with some bitterness, "and who's going to pay? Do you know what you've cost me already, confound you, I wish I'd never set on eyes on you." "And whose fault was lt that you did?" asked the ghoet, in an insolent tone, for which I could have kicked it, "you be careful how you talk, or I'll ask the Chief Justice whether he thinks it consistent with the etiquette of the profession for a barrister to have a gheet in Ms chambers. However, you needn't bother about the money, for I went into Jones'« office, downstairs, and boned ten bob out of the petty cash box." I thought I saw an opening. "Well," I said, "I shall im mediately go and Inform the police and havo you arrested, and get rid of you that way." "Not much; you won't, my son," It answered. "Suppose you do, they can't imprison me, for they can only take a man's body and imprison it, and you know yourself that I haven't got one. No, the probabilities are they'd hold you responsible." I had some vague recollection of the law maxim that a man is held responsible for the acts of his servant, but whether a ghost would be considered a servant, I could not say. And, anyhow, was he my ghost? In one sense clearly not, and yet-but I was not clear. I determined to temporise lest worse befell, and look the matter up in the morn ing. We went to the theatre. They were playing "Hamlet," and we were thrown downstairs because my ghost (as 1 may call it) audibly criticised the performance of the stage ghost. I was very much hurt, but the ghost didn't mind. He only remark ed, "Well, naxt treasury day the company can say that the ghost walked once in its history," and asked what we should do next. "Tell you what," he said, "there's that invita tion on your mantelpiece for a dance to-night. Let's go." "But you're not asked," I remonstrated feebly -the ghost somehow had a masterful way with it. "Blow the odds," it answered, "say you've brought a friend." We were already in evening dress, I having donned mine for the theatre, and the ghost could appear to have on anything he chose, and we went. The dance was given by Miss Moulton's aunt, and I introduced the ghost to my hostess, who assured me that any friend of mine was welcome. The ghost danced foul* dances with Miss Moul ton, and sat out three. While at the supper table lt informed me that it had discovered that though it could not return to its grave, it had the power of rendering itself invisible at will. In proof bf this statement it did so, and reaching over my head, emptied a glass of icecream down a lady's back. As I was the only person near her at tho time, my hostess came up and requested me to leave. I saw the ghost, who had re-ap peared twenty feet away, grinning. It turned up at 2 o'clock next morning, with its collar open, its tie under its left ear, and its shirtfront dishev elled. It went to bed with its boots on, and its breath would have taken Uro had a match been applied to it. It told me in a thick voice that it had come home in a cab and vanished when it arrived at its destination, and bade me listen to the cabman cursing in the street below. It also called my attention to the fact that champagne had the same effect on ghostly clothes as lt had on those of ordinary beings. That was the end of my prospects as far as mar rying Miss Moulton was concerned-she cut me in the streets next day. I gloomily explained to the ghost when it got sober, the wrong it had done m'e, and I do it the justice of saying that it appeared sorry, though that may have been feign ed. It had devoted itself so steadily to the cham pagne when I left, that it had not had time to play the fool any more, and had disappeared when it felt that it had taken too much. The good im pression it had evidently made on Miss Moulton was therefore undisturbed. Therefore I frequently saw it in Miss Moulton's company, but it always pretended not to see me. I was not surprised when it married Miss Moulton six months later. That ghost now drives in its own carriage, and smokes a cigar of the Havana, while I am still a penniless and briefless barrister. All chances of marrying a woman with money are closed to me, for the story of my "drunken buffoonery" at Miss Moulton's aunt's has shut the doors of so ciety in my face. One or two facts call for mention, as they may have an important bearing on this story. The day after the ghost's first appearance an inquest was held on the body of Dicky Merriman. The doctors gave evidence that deceased had been a heavy drinker, and had probably died of delirium trements. The medium whose seance I had at tened with Miss Moulton identified ' tho body as that of her husband. She said that he had desert ed her ten years before, when they were living in South Australia. On subsequent inquiry I ascertained from her that Dicky had during the time he was with her, been her assistant at her seances, but exactly how he had assisted she declined to state. The inference from these facts is obvious, and the question is, assuming that inference to be cor-' rect, can a ghost be prosecuted for bigamy? For reasons which will suggest themselves I do not care to move in this matter myself, but if any aspiring young solicitor wishes to make a name for himself, he can have further information on application to me. The chance is an exceptional one, for so far as I am aware the point has never yet been decided. I am prepared to supply real names (which in this narrative I have of course suppressed), and a photograph of Merriman. I can also point out the ghost any day in Sydney, though I must admit that the likeness is not BO striking as might be expected, but the fact that the ghost is rarely sober is important. But at any rate I Intend to find out the proper method Of dispersing a ghost, and then, unlesa the Comte de Montmorenci (so it calls ItBelf) is prepared to treat me handsomely, I shall try whe ther or not there can be such a thing as a ghost's widow. J. S. T. 