THREE WEI UD ADVEN TURES. 'Ibey wero talking about terrible thinfffl. They were ull young meu, ami one of them had just finished a story of a mau who bud been scared to death by a ghost. Not one of the party would own that ho believed in the supernatural, but tbo whole crowd was ngreed that there axo tbinyn tbat cannot always bo accounted for. Finally I hey got to taUciug *>S actual experiences. The outcome was that there wore three stories told. All of them were vouched for. These are tho f>tories : UNDER THE BRIDGE. Sumo years ago in Somersetshire a young Diun drove out into tbo country to see his swwtheart. At midnight ho started home ward. It ivai a dark night, but tho young man drove a pair of spirited horses and mudo good time until ho reached the outskirts of his homo town. Tho only way he could get houie was lo drive along tho hank of a river and thou pass under a bridgo thut s[uumcd it. When he reached the bridge it was so dark lie naturally slowed up his team. To his surprise, when he started lo drive under ilio bridge his team showed signs of not wauling to go on. He allowed the horses to have their own way for a time, and then seeing thi-y did not Beem in clined to go 011 he commenced to urge them. Still they did not go on. Ho was patient for several minutes, and then made up his mind that the hoi H s must proceed. The team, however, would not budgo a step forward, hut when urged seemed inclined to turnaround. This move could uot be made, however, with'out great danger, as the carriage was too near the river bank. So, after seeing that he was not likely to do much gooil from it, tl;e young man alighted and went to the heads of his horses. To his great surpriso he found bo!U auimals were in a foam, and then ho knew there was some reason lor the strange state of >> flairs. They were plainly frightened. He soothed them DS well an tie could, and then he tried to urge them forward. They snorted with terror, trembled in every limb, and with dumb eloquence begged not to be forced to go ahead. But the young man had to get home. He got iu front of the horses' heads, took each animal by the bit, and started to back into darkness. His hand seemed to reconcile the horses, and they moved after their master. They went slowly, to be sure, but they did move, and as they went the man eheertd them. Step By step the man and horses went along. They linally reached the bluckcat part of the darkness, the man still walking backward and pulling on his horses' heads. Suddenly one of the hoiscs gave a wild snort, reared high in the air, and came near gettiug away from his master. Tho man turned, and as he did so, to his terror, felt himself struck in the face. It was not a hard blow, but it was hard enough to caune him to cry out, more in fright than in pain . Then he reached out in the dork to grasp the thing that had struck him. His had found it. It was-a human foot. A man had hanged himself from the bridge, and his body swung just ojer the middle of the roadway. How tho young man reached his home he never knew. His hair, however, did not turn white, nor did he become a raving maniac, hut, although he has lived in tho same villago ever since, he hus never passed uudcr that biidgo. THROUGH THE NIGHT. Two young men once lived together in tho northern suburbs of London. One of them was iu love with a girl She didn't care for him, but he didu't know it. So lie went on and on keep ing iu love. One morning about ono o'clock one of the young men camo home and found his room-mate who was in love in bod as usual. The young mau »at down and rend for au hour, and then he wont to bud. At nine o'clock next morn ing he ncko up, and to his surpriso found that bis partner had not yet got up. He thought it was strange, but supposed that the young man knew bis business and would get up when he was ready to do so. So he drtssed, and was just about to leave the room when he thought perhaps his room mate was oversleeping himself. Bo he spoke to him. He got no response. Then be spoke a; ::in, this timo loud enough to awakon anyone who was usleep. There wm» no answer. Then hi: bti pped to the bed and gave hi« partner a shitke. i Thtro wn« no mistaking the fact that the J man was dead. On the table in the room was | a note telling why the foolish fellow had taken his own life. He bad Found out that the girl did not cart: for liim, and that settled it with him for all time. The man who had slept with the deail body (jot ovc-r the fright ho had re ceived in time, but ho often wonders why ho did uot see the note his friend loft for him tell ing him of his act and why he had killed him self. A D1SSECTING-KOOM STORY. The teller of this story and another student were to do saoio work in the dissecting-room. His friend was uot ready to go to work, no ho went in ahead and prepared himself for the ghastly job. It was lute at night, but this is not suppujod to malco any difference to medical .students, who nre not, as a rule, troubled with anything like a squeamish feeling. The young man was waiting for his friend to come, and was standing on l.ho slab on which rested the " subject" on which they were to work. Scattered about the room were various things which showed what the place was used lor. The studi nt was smoking. He was tlimiting of no thing in particular. Suddenly he htard a gritt ing noise. It was slight, but unmistakable. At first he paid 110 attention to it. Tlien, in a dim sort of way, it occurred to him that it was a rat. Presently the noise grew louder. Ho looked around him. It seemed to come from a corner. He listened closely for the noise, and thou he WHS sure that it came from that corner. Ho looked closely, and then ho thought ho saw some movement in the corner. be stepped closer to thu spot, aud then he was sure there was something there that was alive. Still, he was not frightentd in ttio least. Ho was a brave young fellow, and was inclined to investigate the thing that was causing him so much guessiug. But iu another iustaut hu saw something that was startling. A sltull was moving out of its place iu the corner, and was slowly coming over the floor towards him. It was grating along, and the sight aud sound was mora than tho young stud ent was able to endure, llis bravery vanished, he gavo a cr.v, foil to the floor in a dead fuint, and us he dropped a huge rat scrambled fiom under the ghastly thiug and scampered to its hole. The young man got over his fright iu a few weeks, but he adopted another profession. 