Wliorc (lie Cream E'^caiie.s. Tho following paragraph in a local paper was written by th') manager of tho ball : - A Siiasibfol Kalseiiooi..-1ii a recent issue of a local print a paragraph appeared to the elkd that the test at tho Worraucu creamery ami the churn at tho llcrry Factory showed a ditlcronco of 4001bs of cream. It also stated that one supplier obtained 10 OM of butter from 01) lbs of separated milk. Wo instituted inquiries ami mm tnac a gross injustice has bum done the manager, Mr. Hugh M'l'hcnon. ?J'ho diriorenca was a lucre trifle and such that might be caused by an accidental irregularity in the running of the machines- Mr. M'l'lierson has tho sympathy of the public while, too much contempt cannot bo expressed for the publication of a so falsa and injurious statement. Without showing how slrangcly ignorant tbo tntiiiucfor of tho bull tuvl prospootivo woathor cook c-in.H-.iitQ for Moruya ia of tho wholo sub ject of milk-tosting and croamorios gonarally — .Tiii/Tvnurlv in nnrHnnlAV — it. 14 nnnn^^nrv fn inoutton that tho uboro yvm writton hcuausu tho roportor of this journal wroto souio thing on tho othor sitlo, and thoreforo it wns noceasiry to hurl out the usual liillingegnto to countonjct its effect It is novor noeosaury to stick to tho truth if aliuso is -tho nrgumontativo wonpon, consequoittly tho abf-vo pfimgraph had its origin in tho sftino wobhly brain that' ndvocti tod eight hours as a lojial ilny's work on farjns, and tliou turned round'and'said eight hours was all rot. Also tno buiiio urtun tunt &ma; a tax on tho uuiinprovod vuluo of lund wis tho unindctit tho vory tiling 'for Oalwny. Also tho samo individual that said a tax on tlio uuimprovod value of laud was no good at all, and Hint na lncomo tax would kill an iron ghost. So it is nothing strange for tho eamo bruin to say that wo said smoothing wbicli is a shamoful falso till timo. What wo said was that tho directors of tbo Worrageo creamery f.raud that thoir lost and tho Borry churn showod a slwrtago of nearly -tOMbs of croam, or roughly speaking, Onrtllia nf lilitfiii* ntwl tlinf. nninn nf fltn prnnni hbd oscapod iu Iho skim milk. Tho writer of tho paragraph abovo says ho has mndo euquirios and found it was only trifling. Tho tmus of proving this now rosts with him. It is not nocessary to morely say that enquiries bavo beon mado and 2llbs i3 tho figure. Whoro ho has fallbu into stupid error is iu aocoptiug tho woisht of cream at Berry nud at Worrapeo, which showed n difference of 2Ilb3, and confus ing it with tho churn and Babcook, whereas tlio churn nvd Iho Ual'oook don't rocogniso tho weight. Our information in tho first ploco was bbtaiiipd from' a director, and to mako suro that we'woro right ;wo saw Mr. II. Boyd, auothor director, yestorday, nnd hoinformod us that the mnnagor roportod tho shortago as 200lbs. Had tho msnagor of tho bull uiodo tho samo on quiries ho would havo beon saved tho troublo of making himself look ridiculous. Of courso wo don t protond to suy that Borry or Worrugoe is at fault. . Only latoly a croamory in our midst sondiug'to Sydnoy discovered a shortago of bo twenn 'Mi) alid 40Dlbs of buttor botwoeu the tost and the churn, nud for n long tiino past thoso . best churnors nnd tostors, nnd it is not crofiit aldo to tho system that tboy aro occurring still. Wo know u cioamory hero which only a short timo ago accepted an offer from a Sydney turn of agouts to churn -its oreaui froo of ohaigo. Y»t with tho manufactiiriug charges absolutely abolished.. that croamory could not for tlio lifo of it iinnorstaud why it was notable to pay its per lb., of fat. Of courso, Eomo of our readers ovorybody. Tho Babcook is a rohablo tost, but ill tho most uotublo case of ebortago wo havo had in 3hoalkavo.ii tboio win uo doubt in tbo puldio mind that tbo croamory got overy pound of fat it was ontitlod to. Tho system itsotf appoars to bo weak, uud that is wby some croamorics in Shoalliavon shows shortngos or excesses ot 'different poriods. Whoro croam escupos throu' tho soparntors. as Mr. M'Phorson admits was .may account for it, bacauso thB soparators in Shoalliavon oro. as tho Swedish oxport who was htiro poiutfld out, woll ohosou and as ucnr p^r-1 .Wo would not havo roturnod to tho subject nrora it not that ; our object in publishing th-iso yidual.who caVe forgot tho parallol ealumns'wa published. ab}Ut^his:Campnign at Xiamu as a labor.- candidnto~-tho' . samo individual who ? !managod tho bail. . ??; 'X : ? ^ '. :.'Tho death of' tho N.S.W? Itiilway- Coinrois- ?tVtho Sliado. Tbo bittoroat and most prominont of his antagonists have also thoir .ignoblo n,-o but'if a scord uE such woro swopt inU» tho duit S 'hem mii!'i'!!:ft dlshWeuiugVfolitiuo'-of li'u nun ooonouiy that tho lpftiost niiturosaro also tho most dolicaTfc Thoir niisolfjih forothought;'. Ihuir conebnfration -or oxidation, tlioir dovotioir to duty, oro/obtaihednt :thp_'!cost of tohsiou which niakea their bodiosuu eawprey todiseu-so ;;. whilo coarso-graiued, thick-hojraod types sleep fiisht: hours- without a tfoiriofj-'oaf. and- drink hoiiily aU'dayfalid roar 'liko ;bulls .at stump.: deiuonstratiuns^- to end in tho odor of a 'Ui.ran roapectability ut njuoty'or so. ? K. Ml . SliEjdy .abio. ?rho-rbformod.N.S..W;''ruUway ??Byiioni'S: bis work ; and ho reapod tho reformor's harvest of animosity and slandur.;. Bo his givou ter.tho : publio good his . brain and tiiuo,' which : wefo paid fur.:- It ia ii iiobh'griof.tbat'such a man shou ,']io'hardly. past bis prime. ': . .. ' _ : :':. ?; . ., 