The I^aiid Repurchase Bill. LAND monopoly is the principal cancer of civilization. The fall of ancient Egypt's cultured magnificence came after the Jewish statesman had culminated the greatest act of political brigandage on record and laid the farm lands of the Nile valley as a tribute at tbe feet of Pharoah. Rome's pillared glory faded when her victorydrunken freemen allowed the public lands that were a common right to pass into the hands of consuls who had extended her empire abroad to aap.the foundations of the Republic at home. Tbe rack-renter, the sweater and the city-slum everywhere tread on the heels of the big landlord in competitive societies. Evidently the cancer does not need much time for development. The increased productiveness of labor gives opportunity for the accumulation of large fortunes. The rapid increase of population consequent on rapid development of industries and the overcrowding of the old centres has turned the holders of one time comparatively worthless areas into wealthy landhowners. South Australia is yet but a toothless infant among the nations, but, according to the Kingston Government, she has got the ' disease so badly that a poultice is necessary, and the Ministry is now: preparing the poultice in the shape of a Land Repurchase. Bill. The Bill, introduced into the Assembly by Lands Commissioner 0'Loughlin, is on first sight a poor attempt—r poor , but honest, no -doubt—to deal with' the man who-has grown criminally Ian3-wealthy either by design or by the force of circumstances over which he has no control. The document gets over the title clause without serious difficulty, but weakens when II .propefeds, to business in the second parjagraph. The provision made for the resumption of laud for closer^pttlement is the voluntary sale by an1n|ending benefactor of Iris race of the wh%.or ^ T surplus pari of fny estate, under^teinx """ *£&£<5onditions jare mal^ not foemo^>thalj;|he whose land is assessed at its actual value foe taxation purposes is dead long ago and owns nothing more than a six-foot block in a moist situation in the pauper side of a cemetery. Competitive civilization kills that sort of innocent citizen stone dead vetjr quickly. The party who was rated up to anywhere near market price has howled so much and appealed so violently that the Commissioner of Taras had been glad to get rid of him at half price and has paid about four thousand pounds - a year - for the privilege of hearing his appeal. Had the government given notice of the' intention of this bill before the last appeals were heard, they might possibly have got offers of some sort of land, but the chance is now remote unless they employ a partiuclarly hopeful kind of boom valuator on the coming assessment. In the second place the valuation of improvements by the State is, under present regulations, not sufficiently generous to tempt any but the most generous patriot to offer himself as a sacrifice to reform. The State Bank and the Commissioner have, in the past, modestly declined to consider grubbing, clearing, drainage and a few other trifles as additional land value on any terms. Therefore, if the State adheres to the conditions of the Land Repurchase Bill it is not likely to acquire any land worth speaking of until the Day of Judgement comes along and relieves it of the present alleged difficulty by settlement of the population elsewhere. On the other hand there is the possibility that successive generations of landowning politicians will tone up the present measure to such an extent to suit land boom times, until, in the endeavor to abolish monopoly by the repurchase of high-priced land, the State will " burst up " before the bi estates. If there is any difficulty in respect to land room in South Australia the road out of it lies through the Taxation office. New Zealnnd has tried both the system of voluntary surrender and compulsory sale, and whereas the returns to the State from all lands acquired do not average over five per cent, on the expenditure, th ; returns from the more violent treatment show a return of nine per cent. Nor is the compulsory sale effected bv any barsb injustice, but by a simple provision in the Taxation Act. The owner, wbo knows most about it, values his own land for taxation. If he undervalues the State may pur chase at his own valuation with ten per cent, added. In that way, land, to the value of over £200,000, was acquired in one transaction, and the speculation has been eminently profitable to the province, while the former owner has got higher interest on the bonds exchanged in paympnt than he could have got by investment in any other form of floating security. Also, if the necessity for room really exists, the Progressive Land Tax, properly applied, would do wonders io convince the large landholder that it were good for his welfare to sacrifice his securities in dirt and lay up for himself treasures in «ome other form. South Australian democrats have hitherto only played with the Progressive Land Tax, while they have energetically protested against the crowding cut of population by big estates. They have stopped at the mere affirmation of the principle by the imposition of a tax of a halfpenny in the pound. If that tax is not a just one, or if no necessity ex- ists for it, it should be abolished. If it is right and the growth of population demands room, it should be pushed to the point where it will have souie effect beyond a mere hysterical squeal from the monopolist. When a halfpenny in the pound does not discourage the holding of land in large areas, the Kingston Government ought to take a Bill and sit down quickly and write " 2d. in the pound." The Ministry has, by the introduction of a scheme to repurchase land, admitted the presence of monopoly, but is afraid to injure the tender feelings of the monopolist. It alleges that the existence of certain privileges is injurious to the community, and stops before one of the most clearly recognised axioms of political economy,— that before the community's necessity the privileges of the individuals disappear. No fighting nation in the presence of a foe asks private leave for the passage of its troops, or, driven to straits for transport, waits till the merchant marine has decided out of its kindness of heart and general patriotism to sacrifice its boats for the purpose. The policeman, wrestling with a criminal, does not parley with the citizen as to what wages " he will take for service. He grabs the subject in the Queen's name and. pushes him into business without respect to the importance of his private affairs. Looking at the Land Bepurchase Bill in thiR light the Times does not think any great things of the Kingston Government in the matter. That Government either thinks that land monopoly exists and is afraid to put important principles to the hazard of. a parliamentary fight, or else It is raising the ghost of an alleged evil which has no living existence p.nd is trying to make political capital out of the gruesome horror. , - MATOBBA OOUNCIIT INSPECTION,—-The annual inspection of .Mayurca district roe made by Councillors HolKgrefe, Hogan, Hann ahdNitschke, accompanied bJP the Overseer and Clferk, -tin" Wednes-; August 25th. The "company, -in two tratok,ifirst.inspected this f At drain 54 junction Mr. F. Nitschke asked that trodden in sides of drain be attended to,and was promised consideration. At the Wyrie Bidge the road asked tor by Messrs. Serle and Holland was looked at and it was decided to consider it at next meeting. It was also decided to slope a deep drain running through the hill and use spoil to repair road alongside. The party inspected the drain made by Mr. Guley into drain 53 and approved its position. Lunch was inspected and dealt with without further consideration at Milne's Gap, and afterwards Osborne's dam, placed for summer woolwashing was looked at. The cattle yards come in for consideration and new work done was approved, and road at Lowrie's Hill was thought in need of alteration. Driving up drain 36 the explorers discovered a rent in the spoil bank caused by the erection of an old government dam and a culvert was decided on there, while the question of levelling the spoil bank was discussed, and at Glen's Bridge the councillors favored remetalling of the bridge approaches. On the seeond day of inspection, August 26th, it was decided that shouldering was necessary at Murrimbum, and, on inspectien of the proposed drain at Snuggery siding, that water should be taken into drain 57. On drain g 56 the low ground on bank at Burnt Bridge is to be formed and levelled. The culvert by M. Kennedy's, let by Cr. Mc- Court was unsatisfactory. Bridges at Yarcoe's, Alleyn's and Kennedy's were thought to require new beams and metal, and 10 chains of construction was favored on the Racecourse d r aiu as well as a small piece near Fensom's. The inspection was concluded by Thursday evening. A THEEATENED STRIKE.—For a few da} s there has been friction between the Friendly Societies having lodges in MiU licent and the medicine men who attend the members. The cause is the preference of a request by the doctors for iugker wages and better conditions of wjrk. The fees paid by tbe lodges for medical attendance have in the past beotl 12s. a member a year and the mileage limit five miles. This, it is claimed by the medical men, i* not sufficient, and written requests have been sent to the lodges for an increase of fees to 18s. a member a year and a reduction of the mileage limit to tliree miles, 'i'.'ie lo !ge members view tbe proposals in different lights. By some it is claimed that tlie old terms are already as high as rule in other places, while it is stated by others that the rates demanded are fair, becail«e in other localities drugs are supplied by the clu- iiiist at a charge equal to the asked for increase, while here drugs are supplied by the doctors. The members of the lodges involved will consider the matter at meetings summoned for early dates. TOWN IMPROVEMENT.—jtfayurra Cmm- '•illors, on Wednesday, August 25th, concluded to attempt to tidy up the streets of the town considerably. Affc»r inspection it was decided to complete Williams* lioad, to regrade the footpath and make watertables in Short-street, to move the culvert running across George-street at the Mill corner and to run the water down Short-street. The permission of Mr. J. Bridges, the owner of adjoining allotments, having been obtained, it was decided that the accumulation of water in Davenport-street should be carried in a covered drain into the town drain. The footpaths are to be made along one side of Alexander Boad, along the west side of Davenport-street and on North Terrace from Davenport-street to Alexander Boad. While the council has thus made up its mind to town expenditure it is as well to point out that footpaths made during tbe year could be considerably improved by kerbing. Almost one-half tbe footpaths of recent construction have for the want of kerb been trodden into the gutters and washed down the main drain. At Penola a cheap, durable and sightly kerb is made of hardwood planking; but if that idea is not sufficiently brilliant, stone is plentiful enough in this district and the money invested in it would be well spent. BABBIT EXPORT—Mr. E. J. B. Ebdy, manager of the Produce Export Department in Adelaide, wlio is absent on leave until his resignation takes effect, visited the South-East on Friday, August 20th. He was at the Mount Gambier Preserving Company's factory on Saturday last, and expressed himself pleased with the plant and the way in which the work was carried out. Mr. Ebdy met tbe Directors of the Company, and proposals of business were made which on Monday evening led to satisfactory arrangements whereby a quantity of preserved rabbit will be taken to Europe by Mr. Ebdy. On Monday Mr. Ebdy visited Millicent, and in the morning inspected the Millicent Preserving Company's factory and tested samples of the various products. He met the Directors of the Company on the afternoon of Monday, and, though the interview was necessarily hurried, a satisfactory deal was made on behalf of the Company. Mr. Ebdy intends to leave Adelaide for Europe early in October. Se will try the British market with Australian products—preserved meat®, butter, cheese, etc.'—and ^pro)M»Be8 to' visi t Paris and other t>f tbe Odnlmtal tapitah to open up trade: fie *li likelihood return to Millicent About the etfdj. of KBNNIOH DtsTBicrCouifcn..—Kennion District ^i^^ii^aip,' wbtch had been already pfestpdned on; safte 0 ' 1 " August 121st, as a .Mn^ohnC^eron. fa ts ttjaignation 9f the ^ positional ' the leases. The violent rejection by a »tge, majority of the proposed amend- .^ntlias, however, dissipated all doubt *- intention of the District CouncilVAct. Virion Wab.—-The unanimity wrai which the Southeast is making waron the rabbit, promises not only to make the fur of that fruitful animal fly, JWt tolead to interesting. developments. ihe move of Mount Gambler landholders, who will not allow trappers on their land unless the " catch " is supplied to the local factory has brought Mr. P. Tucker down with a rush and an advertisement notifying that 5d. a pair will be given for the ex-curse, while the jocal company's price is 4d. The Directors of the Mount Gambier Company naVe retaliated with a notice that " 4d. per pair for rabbits will be given for the next six months to all trappers who con- tinue to supply the factory from the present date." The wisdom of the manceuyre is questionable. Very few factories work throughout the year without cessation. The local company has, however, almost, if not quite, given a guarantee that it will work and will take rabbits. Therefore, if anything should arise to force it to close, it is not unlikely that disappointed trappers, backed by a smart lawyer, could swallow a few hundred peases of of meat in damages for neglect ta fulfil contracts. JSIO6NT GAMBIEB STABB BOWKETT SO- CIETY.—The third annual meeting of the Mount Gambier Starr Bowkett Building Society was held at Mount Gambier on Monday, August 23rd. The Directors' report showed that the society now numbers 194 members who hold 274 shares, an increase of 39 members and 52 shares. During the year £450 had been allotted and £1,250 had been dealt with since the society began, while securities held for loans were goad and loan repayments and sulis. had been paid regularly. Messrs. F. H. Howlandand G. f. Wright were elected directors and the retiring auditors were re-ale^ted. The question of holding a msetiiig at AlilLcant t. endeavor to gather in shares was discussed and left to the directors for consider- •aticn. Afterwards an appropriation meeting was held' and £l<>0 allotted to share A'o. 168. hold by Mr. J. H. Taylor. RAILWAY KATES.—Tha question of a revision of railway rates so far as they apply to preserved meats, lias been brought before the authorities by the Directors of the Millicent Preserving Company, and other parlies are at the fame time pushing the matter forward. The action has heun forced by the reductions made on rabbit carcascs which come into competition with the product a of preserving companies. As the rates stand, the charges for rabbit from Mount Gambier to Adelaide is 27s. a ton, while the charge for preserved meat is £3 8s. o 10d. The disparity is ui ire nurked n when it is considered that preserved meat has already paid heavy freights on every article used in its manufacture—on tinplate, box-initterial, rabbits, firewood and a dozen other small items. Also, the article carried at the cheaper rate is i taken to Port Adelaide to be frozen at a loss to the Government, while on the penalised product the State gains considerably in dues and customs both before and after transit. Mr. A. H. Peak. M.P., brought the matter before the Assembly on.Tuesday last and made out a good case. ABT UNION.—On Wednesday, ANGUS' 25th, the art-union of pictures painted |by Miss B. Kentish was drawn in MiJlicent. The collection consisted of two water •colors—" A scene in New Zealand ' and " St. Andrew's Church, WalkerviJIe "— and an oil color of the Millicent bridge. Several subscribers were present at the Times officc to witness the drawing. " St. Andrew's Church" was won by Mr. S. J. Stuckey with No. 9. "The Millicent Bridge" by Mr. T. Stuckey with No. 6, and "A Scene in New Zeaand" by Mr. Horrocks. of Adelaide, with No. 10. MILLICENT CALEDONIAN SOCIETY,—The members of the Millicent Caledonian ^-Sqciety some time ago decided to fill up *- me^long interval between annual gatherings in order to show that the Society was still alive. In accordance with this decision, a concert will be given in the Institute Hall on Wednesday evening, September 1st, which is' notified else- : ._Whebe, aaid for which an extensive programme has been prepared. After the concert a ball will be held in the hall, and complete arrangements have been made in respect to the catering and accessories to enjoyment for this festivity. POSTPONED SALE.—The sale of Mi. H. J. Land's property in Hundred of Short by Mr. T. McCourt has been -postponed to Saturday, September 25th. * GENERAL GOEDON. The well-known pony stallion and prizs winner, General . Gordon,» notified elsewhere ;to stand in the Millicent-district this season. : * USOMETHINO ABOUT DBTMSTBY-—"The practice of dentistry Is aserious business. • Grave problems affectum jthe ^ealth of Ills patients beset tW conscientious dentist at eveiy tarn. Serious lessonshave been caused, and -even lives have been lost i die,incompetence and ignorance »Uld-be dentist failing to icombat \- -M®fatfonsa*tliej warsjpMmM imfacsseterSrf Becondisfh^LoUS^ *otnet<mes, %be patieritWill ^ 