A » Perilous « Position. q.';CPaunaa' K-Scwu&'AmHaiaaicrjt '.—> By MARY ALBERT, ' Author of "Tho Luokicst Man in tho World," "The Bride of a Day," "Brooko F'inchloy's Daughter," " A Hidden Terror," " Delia's Story," I . . "The Shelling of the Pons," &q.;, &u.; ' I " . CorMttairr. - — - - CHAPTER XVIII. A Giimi'sb of Liairr. , / LL tliis timo Murgarot. Iind IjSh lived thi'ough agonising days, l'or, over aud nbovo the pangs "E. oeoasioncd by licr being scp- avutedfrom Godfrey Byng, trad lier cruel doubt or him, there was always hanging over her hotul tho- torrihlo thought that, sooner or Inter, hor Aunt Elizabeth would havo to he told what was uwaitiug thom with regard to tho Truoinaus. /Much ns sho disliked the latter, both father and son, she could not hut own that thoy woro not grasping. Instead of intruding themselves '-upon her thoy had kept aloof. In 1 -placo ol' clamouring for rnoro than sho gave, and insisting, on their rights, thoy accoptcd a small portion oil what thoy could claim with n good deal of grati tude. Tho Trucmnns might ho illiterate and entirely out of hor world, but thoy possessed a good deal of humility — all appearances to tho contrary — aud fur from wishing to nnnoy hor by their presence had waited very patiently for .her uunt's return, and had only petitioned that they might not loso the oliance ef completing the purchase of a farm in Australia, on which tho older 'Truoman lind set his mind. 'It was such a chance,' ho argued respectfully, on paper ; ' he wasn't fit company for grand folks, neither he nor his sou, and 'twould ho best for all parties that lio should scttlo thoro. -And when Margaret had explained to him that he would bo outitloil to much 'moro if ho could' satisfy tho lawyers ns to his claim, ho seemed overwhelmed at tlie idea, uud at her own sense of justice, declaring that fivo hundred pounds was us much as lio aud his hoy would wnnt. Thoy wore working folks, and could earn, what more thoy needed ; aud as to selling tho Court, which had been hers so many years, anil dividing tho money with strangers about- whom she never hoard tell till tho other day, lie could howiso. allow it, for it wouldn't he fair. The little farm and sliccp run in Australia was all ho wanted in con sideration of his dead wife aud her son. Margaret," 011 hearing this, felt a tide of somotliing liko gratitude riso. in ; Iter breast, as sho nskcil herself whether nny ..arrangement could ho made by which alio could live on ijuiotly at tho Court, and not sell the dear old place, hut allow tho Truomans a yearly stipend in lieu of so many thousauds down. Up to this time slio had supplied nil their nctunl needs, without doing muoh more ; but now sho began to ask her self if, under 'tlio circumstances, sho , could rofuso to ndvnnce the sum for tho purohaso of tho desired farm — since though tho enso had to come before the lawyers, sho lind herself soon the- marriage certificate, and thoro was little doubt thnt Lady Ilurloy credited tho Truomans' tnlo — sho who had boon in America with her sister Susan. Un doubtedly, it would ho a relief to Mar garet to know that lier objeetionahle- looking hrotlicr-iii-law, with his son, woro settled onthoothorsido of thoglobo; but sho had no intention that they should suffer any loss by their modest demands. Over and ahovo this there was a keen desire ou hor part to sparo hor aunt auy- actual encounter with the Truomans, and Mre. Recch had written to say that sho might hope to sail within a week. As sho paced mournfully up und down a solitary walk within her own grounds, Margaret camo to tlio conclusion that sho would ' visit tho cldor Trnoinan, question him still moro, and thou, if she i'olt as ranch convinced of the truth of his assertion as sho did at that moment, to take tho responsibility on horsclf of advancing tho. five hundred pounds. Everything else could bo arranged by letter. Up nnd dowu, up' and down tho darkening path sho wont, hor hoart (ns over at this hour iu particular) turn ing towards Godfrey Byng. "Where was lie now ? Unhappy num.! Why had lie sopiirated himself from hor so hopo- lessly? Tlio remembrance of their mooting not far from this very spot, and of all the hopes which thou arose, only to die, rent her soul. Suddenly sho whs stnrtlcd by a rust ling among tho leaves of tho shubbery ; and tho noxt moment she caught hbr hroath, while a thrill of nlurm wont ..through her, as bIio becamo aware of a figuro "ilyiug aoross hor path, und hastily . disappearing from viow in tho gloom which was deepening every mo- mcnt. 1 ' It whs' tlio vicar !' gasped sho, all (loud to herself, us sho stood rooted to tho spot, gazing in tlie 'dircotion the figuro had taken, , . Mr. Luftou !' criod sho, rushing for- .ward, though sho trombiod from-hond to foot. '-Mr. Lufton !' v ' Thoro ivtis no response, howovor, and Margaret, very much ' shaken by this rencontre, and uniiblo to see anything distinctly in tho fast guthering twilight, ' sped, stnekon with nervous dread, to tho safety of the houso. '« Why, ma'am, you look as if you had soeu a ghost,' said Jauo, who had just carried n lamp into tho' hall; , ' Oh, Jano, I havo! ' I havo seen a .ghost, perhaps !' faltered she. 'At any rate tho figurq whioh darted just now aoross the shrnbbbry path looked exactly liko Mr. Lufton.', i, Jane uttered a cry on hearing this, and became almost as pale as her young mis- , tross ; and then) Anne, - tho underhoi|se- moid, hearing tho cry, camo up to. ask what was tlio matter, and found lliss ; Thorpoloigh and her maid whito and, trembling. < Margaret was tho first to regain oon- trol over herself;' and whilst 'the story 'that Mr. Lufton's ghost had heen seon flow through tlio village, Margaret was writing a inote to the Inspector of Polioe- to acquaint' him with'- whatAho had witnessed. . . '/I'lieVabove functionary, called at;/ the . Cqurt';iaimeatelyitarwttr(i8wearing ''a vttr "xrave datheangusi' '-j 'In my opinion, madam,' said lie, this makos -the cuso- look 'very gravo. You seo, if poof Mr. Lufton lins boon- inurdored,' this ' hiiiy be a trick of tho murderer to set up Za ghost story; ono nevor can reckon what criminals in fear of their livos will do. It looks very hiul, to my mind, that anyouo should luivb dressed up like tho vicar just as night was coming on. Of course, it might lmve boen done for a joke, people oro so silly ; but, if so, it was most un fitting.' ' Then yon feel certain that tho figure I saw could not lmve been Sir. Lufton himself?' rejoined 'Margaret tremu lously. . 'Judge for yourself, mndura,' / re turned . tho inspector. . ' None hut a madman would liido for weeks, nay, months now, from his homo, and ro- appear in the twilight' only to fly awuy ; anil .whatever olso Mr. Luftou was ho certainly was not a mailman. I never knew a clearer-uiinded, nicer gentle man.' Margaret.. sighed, and a very do- spoiidcnt fooling seized on hor. What tlie inspector had said was true, the vicar was incapablo of acting in such n manner. Ho was a innn oE high char acter, nor could any person imagine for a moment that he was insane. ' Wo shall know his fate some (lay, I don't doubt, madam,' continued tbo officer, ' but it will havo bcon a sad one, I fear, and wo must imike iip our minds to it. I'll wish you good night, madam, and thank you for - acquainting mo with this, matter.' When thu inspector was gqno a pain ful, nervous dread took possession of Margaret's mind. How drearily, tho duys wont liy. What doubt and uncer tainty suvrouuded hor. Whichever way sho looked, hor life's horizou was dork. Godfrey was lost to hor. l'or- chuueo hor old dear homo must ho vacated, nor could sho over forgot, oven should the Truomans go to the antipodes, that those people had boon very near to Susan, and were now . near connections tohcrsolf. The vicar's fato was still a mystery, and with tho home-ooining of her aunt the painful story of the Truoinaus must ho unfolded. The morning hroko gloomily. She was sitting absorbed in sorrowful re membrance, when her maid, quiveriug with bxcitoiucnt, literally rushed into tho breakfast-room. ' Oh, ma'am,' she stammered, 'there's news at last 1' 'Hows of what?1 replied Margaret, rising in linsto. ' Is Mr. Lufton's futo ascertained, then ?' . 'It is, indeed, ma'am. But it- is strnngo — Mr. Lufton litis returned to tho vicarage 1' ' 'Returned!' gasped Margaret, utterly bowilderetl, but hardly crediting the story. 'Oh, yes, ma'am! Ho walked 'into liis study without a word of explana tion, only telling his housekeeper to get him something to eat. And he won't say a word about whcro.ho has been all this time, nor why ho wont away. Ho says lio sliuu't think of preaching on Sunday, and that for the future lio- shall employ a curate, os ho needs rest.' — ; ' It is very unlike Mr. -Lufton to act in such - a manner, ' stammered Margaret, more and moro umazod.' ' It is indeed, ma'am,' ' agreed tlio maid, who still looked much agitated. 'His liousokeoper and tho girl under her, us well us the gardon boy, ull declare that " master is very odd 1" ' ' Go up to tbo vicarage at once, Jano, and nsk for further tidings. I am too much agitated . to go myself,' said -Margaret, hurriedly. ' I'll go this moment, ma'am,' said Jane, well pleased to be sent on this orraud. Aud the maid's l'eot never flagged as sho hastonod to tho vicarage. But otliors had preceded her there; in particular Lord Lanford ; and iu defcrcuco of his ago and raulc tho others fell back and allowed him to go in first. And Jano did likewise, hut sho waited in the vicarage gardon, near enough to tlio . entrance of tho house to ovcrhoar what passed between his lordship and" Mr. Lufton's distressed liousekoopor. ' He's, himself, aud yot not lninsolf, my -lord,' remnrkod tlio bowildorcd woman, ' nnd ho refuses to see anyone.' ''Then ho must bo suffering from mental aberration,' returned the noblo- mun, ' and lie raust bo seen. I am one of tho churchwardens, and it is my duty i to find out what is amiss. Whoro is Mi'. Lufton ?' _ 'In his study, my lord, pud there ho sits with liis old hut on ; but bo's not himself, anyhow.' ;. Without another word Lord Lanford walked into tho houso, and what then took place Jano '" only learned ' a little while aEtorwards, for it is.'almost noed- loss to explain tlint slio waited to know moro before returning to.. Thorpoloigh Court. What actually happoncd wris as .follows : Lord Lanford . kuookod at the clergyman's study door and then openod it, when, sure enough, seated before his writing-table,' was tho, longboat vicar. ' Why, Lufton!' bxolaimed Lord Lan ford, ' what a fright you have given us all. Why did yon go away ?' Aud thon, ns he looked olosor. at the , figure beforo him, the old. nobleman asked himself silently if this man was or' .wiis not the lost vioav. For tho figure seated in the leather chair, though, liko, him, vory,- liko, res'ombled him With a difforonco, and when (scared perohanco by- the fixed regard _ which Lord Lanford fastened fflon him) ho rose abruptly, nnd with tuis'liasty movement' his broad-brimmed .bait follvofP, then -Lord, Lanford, por- ceived that tho man- beforo him was not the vicar. \\.- . Stop_ him 1' oried tho old nobleman ; 'stop him-!' For the other had leapt to Jits foot in an. instsiiit; ;lia(J flung Jbook the, glass door wflibh '/bponed.ton .to the strip of lawn, and/had flod J wildly /towards the- nearest, holt of woodland and not for distant. \- 1 ; . HcitKor. Lord'Laiifiirf noiT 9iei%o3se keeper, ->-howevor;;,/tyiertf oqndlto/.'-tho clmso, .which 'tli6y.Jyet.inirsuod, .hoping to keep; the fugitive iu vew. . ' - . ' ' Somdono was iei'sonatiug tlio .vienv. TIub wns tho bowildering tlionght in the niinds of each as tliey hurried onwards in tho vqin nttouixit to overtake the' runnWny, while tho still moro liewildor- ing question shfqied itself in their minds,. .' \Vith' wlint, faiotivd/ ifas" this ,/dono'?' ' . Lord Ltuiforil was tho first to bo henten "iff the cKriso". Ho stopped, punting,' and, leaning n'gaiUst ftt>'gato, 'sa\v tho, counterfeit.. 'vicar v disappear into the wood. Tho liousekoopor toiled on n little further, 7 and' ythoA'khp,., too, gavo iu, gasjiing for hroatli. 1 ' 'Wo huvo lost him,' cried tho old nobleman, who was yory much oxcited, us, indeed, ho woll might be. ' I'd best go into tlio 'village, my lord, and tell what has happened,' answered she, breathlessly. His lordship nodded. ' Yes, do, as quickly as you can,' he managed to say. Then tho woman hobbled off, nnd Lord Lanford wont on into tbo wood. Ho could not run after tho fugitive, but bo would not turn buck. Scmo of the villngors would , be stlrc to bo on. the spot directly when such a circumstance had occurred. Good Heavens!- who could have been so heartless, so dnriug, nnd so much oL nil adept at disguise, as to havo assumed tlio part of personating the lost Mr. .Lufton. .If it was only a elovnr. trick it well deserved exposure, while if it woro- dono to throw tlio authorities- off tlio truck of a great crime it was a grave duty to trap the culprit. Lord Lanford, toiling aloug thejinth by which the fugitive lmd vanished, pcrcoived all the importance of tlio enpturo he wns attempting, since if accomplished it . might unravel the clergyman's fate. Was this tho culprit, who had dared this, reckless deed,' in order to raise tho belief that tlio missing man wns stilt alive ?. Anxiously tlio old nobleman scanned the path in hopes to catch a glimpse of some pedestrian who might join in thu pursuit, for timo was of supremo im portance. An instant aEtorwards he perceived someouo iu tho iield adjoining tlio wood, and frantically signalled tu this indi vidual to approach. The young man thus hailed paused, and then began to run towards him. ' Hi 1 hi 1 ' shouted his lordship. ' Coming,' returned tho othor. Lord Lun ford continued to gesticulate and to beckon to the young intra, who wns now nenring him with rapid strides. ' What, Atr. Olford, is tlint you ? You 'were never more welcome 1 ' ex claimed his lordship, when the othor was within spcukiug distance/ ' Have you heard of what has happened at the vicarage ?' 'I have just heard that Mr. Lufton has returned home, and tun on my way to tho vicarage,' replied Rogiuuld. I'lO BE CONTINUED./ 