Pith and Point. Habit, If not resisted, soon boepmes neces sity.— St. Augustine. ^ Censure Is tho tax a man pays to tho - public for being eminent.— Swift. A fan with a little ear-trumpet attached is the latest device to aid the deaf. There te many a sprinkling cart that Is , a needless leak In a city's. treasury. A rich gold .lode in Colorado, which was lost about twenty years ago, was recently././ found. Example is more forcible than precept. People look nt my six days to -see what It mean on tho seventh. ? i* A woman In VInccnnes, ilnil.; shot her. . husband tho other daV bocauso he would not allow lior to go ? to 'Sunday, school.- :r-.v ? Snakes in South America ? fear the cccre-; :? tary bird, and : will even, crawl away,. from..- - its shadow. This blrd:can easily thrash a bird twice its size. While in Enciand potatoes nro grown-: almost entirely as . an osculont, aVout ?- 4,000,000 tons are annually . used, in Franco - in tbe manufacture of stnrch- and alcohol.: - Fashionable women are ? designing their own jewellery just now, and they have some. very pretty Idoas. Cheap-working jewel lers, 'handy' men, are much in request. ? Until 1871 there were no shad in Pacific waters. In thnt year a few thousand were ? Introduced by the United States Fish Com- . mission. Lact year the catch cold for nearly £8000. It Is asserted that M. Rhlgl, of Turin, has succeeded In pro^ticlng and photograph ing ' tho globular lightning whose exist once has been bo long doubted by scient ists.' It. has been said that nowhere in the world are gathered together so many stately; beautiful, aud ^well-dressed women as ? Covent Garden during the grand opera sea son. A man's own conscience Is his sole tri-. bunal ; and he should care no more for that ? phantom 'opinion' than ho should- fear ; meeting a ghost If he crossed the church- ? yard at dark. ' - The report -Sf the Chicago Public Library shows that 1,173,586 volumes were circu- ? iated during the year ending 1st June, which breaks the world's record for free circulat ing libraries. Queen Victoria rules over more Moham medans than the Sultan . of Turkey, over more Jews than there are in Palestine, and over more negroes than any other Sovereign who is not a native of Africa. The robes worn by the Speaker of the House of Commons are identical with the judicial costumes of the Master of the Rolls, an office which In former years was fre- ? quently united with the Speakership. If the secret history of books could bo written, and the author s private, thoughts . and meanings noted down alongside of his, : story, how many insipid volumes would be- .'. como interesting, and dull taics excite the reader. It Is rumoured that Max Nordau is the - author of a book which is soon to be pub lished, entitled -? How Women Love.' ? In . this volume the author will attempt to ? present by romance his idea of woman's love. Lady Georgianna Grey, aunt - of Earl.'- Grey, is nearly 100 years of age. but. though ..' she is not very brisk upon her legs. man- , ages to keep informed on politics aiid the . talk of the day by having guests to dinner ? almost every night. A prcacher at Swcdeburg. in Nobrnclta. - has got hiinEClf into trouble by an aPoged ? .- hypnotising of a young woman and a re fusal to waken her. The girl says she . sutTors great agony In consequence when ever there Is a thunderstorm. Dr. II. H. Hale, of Detroit, carries a walk- ?? ing-stlck tho intrinsic value of which is . - £600. It was presented to hiin seme years ego by friends in Edinburgh. It Is. orua- -- mcnted with gold and jewels, and the heud^ contains a fine chronometer. ? - The tea always used by the Queen -Is bought from a quaint old-fashioned 'shop in- .- Pall Mall. Earl Grey recommended ^the blcnil to her Maiestv, and it is known aa. v '- Earl . Grey's mixture.-' Whel-ever-. file goes, a stock -of the tea— like ? her bed-- *? stead — accompanies her Majesty. ,j. VThe Queen made her will just about ? twenty years ago.- It is enprosised in vcl-.. - Ium, quarto size, and Is bound as a volume^' secured' by a private lock. When the.Prin- :u cess Alice died 111 1878 modifications of the ? : bequests were rendered necessary, : and in -; - the summer of 1881, after the Duke Albany's death, further revisions. were nmie-'v; : Miss Ellen Terry (says tho ' Magnet Maga.-.:: ziiib'.') Is a great sufferer- from neuralgia, :-; and her- nervousness 13 apparent -to every;-. one on the- stage. Among her '; friends, .- too, It is well known, and v.-hun ? sheUI i .'? dining out it .is: a very ordinary . occurrences: for ? .her to leave the table whon vuinner ia about half over. - She retires to a^ark'*.'. ened,. room, and rests on a ? couch for ; ?ten.'!': or fifteen minutes, at the ond of whleli time she returns jto the dinner table; '' :' ^ - 1 2 During, the: rolgn of- James:r I.' England's ? ? llrrt newspaper' v.-as born,. May, 1C.'2, seeing'': tlio first. Jsauo of tho ' Weekly ?Nev.-es:''. . . Notwithstanding, that It was . lliy rceel-. ed, 7. its editor, Nathaniel Butter, lived by ilie.*' businoss for eighteen ? years. .The venture - was the outgrowth of a custom Timoug 'the ;; country gentlemen- to pay stime writer - in ; -? London for news .letters,' and Mr: liut ? ter s brave attempt was merely the printing regularly, for the general ipublle. -that ..'-'wbiuh' -j: before had been .written in- a-', desultory , r manner for , the private iudlviduul. , :- '.--' '- . A girl can tell/ when a man- Is: really -in '; love with her, .long: beforo his -lordship- cau^- sum up '.courage-, to admit of a verbal ;«onfcs- i ' blun. His , eyes will wander towards-? her- - at table ; he will profess u-profound likln;; for': tho dishes she afTccts ; lie v.-ill adtuiro':;-; her ? water-colour sketches -in spite -.of. the '.????- fact- that her brothers caU-'-them - weak-- and splashy ; tho . colours that : she - woars .:are ?' perfection, yet he has the utmost dilHeui ty*- '.: in:, telling- pink from , heliotrope. - All : these ' and a hundred more iittlo ? things betray' - him. ' 1 he, Wheels of Chance'- is the first* work of fiction, in which tho- cyele supplies: ?: the central motive. The lover and tho : heroine meet and lnako acquaintance-' on ' wheels. The elopement with the --villain '.' takes place on wheels, and after tho villain '? has been unmasked there .is :a reBcue on ; wheels by the lover. Instead of a%ill«hf' on galloping horses, the . pair speed . down K; an. English road at tmidnightj on two .bl-r-; ' cycles. . The , bicycle appears in. almost all : of the illustrations, and the characters are ?: seen iu cycling 'costumes.1 ? ? ? ?' 