TALES AND SKETCHES. rCBLISlltO HY SPECIAL ABUANOEMENT. NEITHER WIDOW NOE WIFE, Hy M. E. 0. MALEN, Authur of " A Daughter of thc Philistinos," "For Uer Sake," "(July a Heathen," "The Stolen Will," "Two Countesses," "The Shadow Hand," " Esther," "Grevillea Wife," tic, &e.; [COI'ÏHIUHT.] CUAPTKU XVIII.-A l'AlBOF Ull'LOMATS. LUÍB always breakfasted in her emu bitiiug* rouii), Bi»! M re. Duucouibu broke thu lidiugs of Wi lie's suli|iujim to her very gently. "I can't sec thst il mutters," she said, " for what eau Willie know Î Only it worries liim, pour boy." Lois mude no comment on her mother's information, but as she was leaving the room she observed quietly : " I sh'iuld like to s(.eak to Willie before he goes out, mamma. Will you aak him to come lu me herc V "V,ry well," Mrs. Duncombe answered, Hnd went away, very glad that her uoplea* saut task was over, and had left Lois so calm. " 1 won't go. It will do no good," Willie auswered, when lie received Lois's message, a>id he persisted in his refunal for full leu minutes. Then he said passionately, " If she will, she must," au enigmatical phruse to Mrs. Duncombe, and marched straight upstairs nilli the air of a martyr goiug to the stake. It wuuld have been difficult to cay which was the paler, he or Lois, as their laces touched in a goud'inoruing kiss, but she was the calmer of tho two, at any rate. " You know why I wauled to Be© you, Willie {" she said. " Ves," answered Willie, who felt aa if he were chokiug. " You must know something, and they must kuow you do, or you would not have heen summoned as a witness." " Yes," «aid Willie again. He did not feel equal to anything but monosyllables at that moment. " Tlieu what is it ?" she asked firmly. Willie had expected this question, but he was no less overcome than if he bad been quite unprepared. "You had better uot ask,"ha murmured, presently, and his voice souuded harsh and odd in his own ears. " Though I shan't tell you anyhow." " Yes you will," and she laid her hand gently on hi«. *. I know you want to spare me out of kinduess But it is no kindness really. I want hardeuing, not softening, Willie, if 1 am to live throuph the next three weeks. What did you see f" " It it no what I saw that matters so much. It is what I heard. "Then what did you hear?" she per- sisted. Seeiug ehe was to determined, Willie blurted out the truth then, and Lois's face went whiter, if posbilile, as she listened. But presently a gleam of hope brightened her dim eyes. " Yon need not volunteer this, Willie," she said. " Of course, I would not ask you to tell a lie for the world ; but we are all of ns at liberty to keep siieut if we wish. And you can't be questioned directly, because nobody knows you were up in the tree and heard the conversation between Clement and Captain Crawford. " True ; I never thought of that," responded Willie, brightening. "I've never said it before, and I don't want you to trouble about it, but I half fancied at the time that Clement caught eight of me, though I wouldn't admit it. However, it wouldn't matter if be did, as far as I can see. I thought if I went into court I should be bound to tell all I knew." "You are simply oound to answer the questions put to you." " But won't they ask me if I knew of any cause of quarrel between the two}" " Let us hope not ; let us pray not," she said, her voice trembling. " Bul even then, you need not actually betray Captain Crawford. No one must ever know what he «aid about having found t difficult to hold bis band." " Bot t may say that Clement struck him, may I not !" "If you are obliged. We don't want to show there was provocation for the murder. Indeed, you muet help me to save him, Willie, because be is an innocent man." " How do yon knowT" Lois told him, reluctantly, of the apparition she had seen at the four cross roads. " People may say it was an hallucination," she added, impressively, "but, as you know, I am not imaginative nor apt to fancy what does not exiBt, and I saw my husband then as plainly aa I see you now, and he was standing just over the place where the suicides used to to be buried. Why should he have appeared to me there unless there were some special reason for it t" " It does look strange," agreed Willie. " Only, you see, this is not the sort of thing yon could put before jury." " I don't mean to put it before them, but I tell you, of oouree," she answered, withs con- fidential air that flattered Willie immensely. " I thought you would feel differently, perhaps, if you knew." Willie said nothing ; butitmaybeownedthat if Clement Dene's spirit had appeared at every cross-road in the kingdom it would never have induced him to believe that he had Dot been murdered by Captain Crawford. Still he was glad to leave her this comfort. It was always safe to be silent, as Kitty had said. " You won't say more than you can help, anyhow?" Lois went on, coaxingly. "I know that. It seems hard that I should have brought so much trouble on you all," she continued, " but I am afraid I was born under an unlucky star, and not meant to be happy myself or to make others happy ; but it won t be for long." ; " What do you mean ?" inquired Willie, anxiously. "I think Mrs. Lawton is right, and I am not long for this world," she answered, with- out so much as a tremor in her sweet, faint voice. "Whoever told you that humbug?" in- quired Willie, blustering to hide his feelings. " She told me herself. She came to see me on purpose," and LoU smiled a little. " She thought it her duty, .'he said." " Confounded old tool 1" muttered Willie. "But you are not obliged to believe ber, you know." "If I cared to live I suppose I shouldn't believe her," replied Lois. " But I am afraid I don't. Thc world ia to full of trouble, and I have BD much more than my aliare, it teems to tn« I »hall be much better out of it." " Pshaw ¡"íexolaimed Willie. "You'd be all right if you'd cheer up a bit. It's uo use grieving over spilt milk, after all. What you want, I believe, is change of air and tonics," and Willie looked very wise. " Nay, what I want is hope. If Captain Crawford is acquitctd I «ball live ; if he is hanged I shall die, because I shall know I have been the ruin of au innocent man," "But tint's juBt morbidity, you know," retorted Willie, with quite an elderly, pro- fessional air. "Because it stands to reason it has nothing to do with you." "You say that because you don't under- stand. It has everything to do with me." "Come now, that's nonsense, you know, for you didn't egg him on," said Willie, i forgetting his role in his anxiety to réassure I her. "Egg who on! What do you mean?" inquired Lois, opening her eyes very wide. "Humph 1" said Willie, stammering from embarrassment. "I mean that when men quarrel because they aro fond of the same girl, it is very often «he-humph 1-who has egged them on, don't you know, just to gratify her vanity ; and you aren't capable of that." Willie felt like a Machiavelli, and wondered if he ought nut to go in for diplomacy, he had extricated himself from an embarrassing position with so much taot and cunning, what be bad meant was that Lois had not helped tn the murder, and, of oourse, be must not take the tone that there had been a j murder, and ocrtainly not that Captain Craw- ford had oomtnittod it, if so. But he felt so I lillie «quat to coutiouing this Machiavellian policy of his, he decided to get away before he cuu.mil ted himself, and rose to Iiis feet. But Lois's hand still rested on his oon Btrsiuiugly, aud because of itB weakness he I could not break away from it. " Ouu't gu just yet, VVillie,"sbe said. "It is so nice to have you, and I wont to talk to you about the shooting." Willie sal down aguiu without a word. " 1'apa seemed to think I ought to let it," Lois weat au, in a soft, cooing voice. Her troubles had made a diplomat of her, as well aB Willie. "But I thought you would like it, dear, and I see no ueed to deprive myself ol thu plcdsuru of giviug you thia treat when I have so much more money than I know how to spend." " Hut you Bee I shan't be at borne most of thc lime." " No, but papa will make up parties now aud then, when you are away, eua there will be thc Christmas holidays. I want you to have a good time. The only oomfort Ï have in my money is seeing I hat it is oi Borne usc to others. Millions would not buy me either happiness or life, if Captain Crawford were hanged." feeing an odd look on Willie's face, she hastened to add : " Not because I love him-or loved him rattier. It would be shameless of me to be ihiuking even of such things just after my! hu biiid's death, but because, aB I told you just now, and I am the CSUBO of all his misfortunes. A little courage and common- sense would have saved us all. Clement would have been alive still, Captain Crawford's good name unasBailed, and I without cause for self-reproach ; but then I had neither, and so you see what has happened." Willie looked «t her reflectively. He had beard that when people were weak they sometimes had delusions, and he began to think that Loi» was suffering from this complaint. In that case she might never have been to the cross- roads, or seen anything there that could be taken for a ghost, and he need not attach the smallest importance to her Belf-accusationB. But he mustn't contradiot her, of course, or she would get excited, and so he said in a soothing tone : " But ii is no use worrying over what is passed, Lois. We all of us do a lot of things we are sorry for afterwards, you know." " Little thingB, but not really big ones that have terrible onsequeuces for others." " Uh, yes, we do ; and you are sensitive, and exaggerate. I have no doubt Captain Crawford will get off," added Willie, men- daciously, "and then you'll g*t away from Graydon for a while and forget all this un- pleasant business. Come, do cheer up, that's a darling 1 We couldn't bear to load you, and that's what it will come to if you don't take care." Willie's boyish comforting touched some chord of feeling which the others had not been able to reach, for Lois dropped ber head on to his broad shoulder, and burst into tears, to his embarrassment aud gratification both. " Dear old boy I" she sobbed oat. " You have helped me more than anyone," and she actually smiled at him through her tears. " You seem to know just what to say." 