18 LIGHTER' VEIN. AT THE HOME OF THE DRAMA. SCKNJK : Use Ikeatre. A Drama, « The Villain Still Pursued Her,' is about to be enacted. Stout Lady (to mellow youth, who is holding an agreeable and light conversation on the ' Unity of Two Hearts,' with a giddy little circleite in evening undress) : ' Yes, Reginald, it seems a pity that the modern dramatic stage is falling into such an abyss of inferiorism. Sex and problem plays are slowly but surely drawing it into an en vironment of contumely and contempt,' Mellow Youth : 'Quite so, aunt; you understand those things ever so much better than I do, and you know (evasively) that I like to be careful in expressing my opinion.' S.L. (with animation) : ' And the pity of it ; that we had a Johnson, Goldsmith, or Sheridan to revive the idol from protop- lasmal darkness, and left it the higher plane of truth and purity.' Giddy Little Circleite: 'But do you not think, Reginald, that two heats beating— [The overture has commenced, and a high blast from the first cornet drowns the re maining part of the sentence.] S,L. : ' I am writing a book, Reginald, on the degeneration of the stage. I intend to include full notes relating to—' [Theatre vendor :" Ice cream, lem'nade, apples, oranges, and bananas ! '] G.L.C. : 'But my heart is lonely (she sighs). 1 know that I have not yet found that sympathy which it requires.' Smart City Man (just returned from seeing friend) : 'Yes, Brown, old fellow, they tell me that that particular stock is rising rapidly, and you and I happen to be in the swim.' [Noise and shouting up in the gallery, and loud cries of, ' Up with the rag.'] The curtain rises with due dignity. The Villain : ' Women— from now and henceforth our paths in life lie apart. B-e-w- a-r-e how you speak of me, for by all the powers ou earth if you tamper with the lady whom 1 am about to espouse— I will kill you.' Heavy Lady : ' Kill me? Do not think to frighten me with threats, Horatio Barnacles.' Villain : 'Speak; what do you want? Stay, here is a cheque for £5000 ; leave me and ——' H.L. : ' I scorn you and your money ; you have bought me long enough.' [H,L. strikes an attitude on prompt side of stage as H. M. stalks off on the o p. side.] Villain (in the wing) : ' Whew ! Hot to night in front, Robbo (this to hero). Lend me three D— will return it when the ghost walks' ' To call boy : ' Bring me in a pint of two ales— and in a pewter.' Galieryite : ' Who is you a-spitting on ? Just keep yer spit till yerself— see! Yer wants it all by the looks on yer.' Voices: 'Chuck him out!' Vociferous Individual (at back) : ' If yer don't want ter see the show— git ! The like hov you coves as spile the drammer.' Galleryite : ' By the looks on yer 'air yer orter know sumthink of it. Bill Shakespear was only a kid ter you.' Eliza (who is cracking nuts and eating peppermint clips) : ' All right drammer this, Bill ! Why can't yer make love to me like that, eh ?' Bill : ' These coves be only a play-hacting. And dawn't I takes yer to the daunce wanst a week ? What more daw yer want ?' Another Zooite : 'Stow that chiv, and give the stage a show.' [ Inebriated individual pushes his way to the front of gallery, accompanied by a running fire of comment j Young Clerk (In stalls): 'Third act, Fweddy— very tedious, don'tcherno. Villain not dead yet, but he soon will be, I hope. I say, chappie, look at that deuced fine girl over there.' Freddy : 'Why, that's Flo, of the Wet Your Whistle. Young Toddletum with her, too. Who would have thought it ?' Y. C,: 'P'haps sweet there yourself, Freddy ?' First Juvenile (on the stage) : 'What you tell me, then, is true ; she has lived with him ; been his mistress. God ! that I had never lived to see this hour !' [Informant and F.J. retire up the stage to allow heroine to throw off a little business down at footlights.] F.J. (the wronged husband), sotto voce : 'What did you back for the Cup to-day, Dick ? I put a crown on The Barb.' [F.J gets his cue, and resumes business.] Long youth (in stalls, to lady): ' Yes, I have written several little poems and dramas, myself. Unfortunately, in one of my dramas, all the people die, or are killed, before the end of tho second act.' Jack (to next seat) ; ' I tell you, Harry, that there fellow with the long hair is a poet.' Long Youth (continuing) : ' My poems are rejected by most of the editors. But then, you know, Belle, genius is ever despised,' . Belle (sorrowfully) ; ' Well, never mind, Tennyson— you are the only poetry I want ; your eyes breathe expression in poetry, and your voice is the sweetest music to me.' [Roar of laughter by the audience, caused by the funny man exhibiting, for the hundredth time, a large patch on the seat of his trousers.] Young lady (to gentleman about to sit down) : ' Dear Major, we are just discussing Socratean ethics ; I know you will assist me, Miss De Vere maintains that morality is becoming a more unknown quantity every day. I maintain then that philosophy holds as good to- day as it did two thousand three hundred and sixty-six years ago.' The Major (who has led a very fast life) : 'Hem, hem ; excuse my cough ladies. I feel, Miss Xcell, that I am a poor and incom petent judge in such matters. Morals can be divided into two parts— educated morals and uneducated morals.' [The Major's answer appears later rather obtuse to Miss Xcell. and she is about to question him when a loud shriek comes from the stage.] Heroine : 'My child, my long lost child.' [This is intensely dramatic, and causes an outburst of enthusiasm from the gallery.] Stout Lady : 'I still maintain my opinion about the modern drama, Reginald, and that opinion has been strengthened this evening. [The manager of the theatre moves along the back of the Circle, and looks down into the stalls intently, ostensibly for the pur pose of making a rough count of the house. He, for a time, is the cynosure of all eyes.) Reggy (looks quite disinterested) : 'But what is this deuced play all about ? We are in the second- no, the fourth act (glances at programme) and this in the last.' Gertie: ' We have not solved the heart question yet——' Reggy (with alakority) ; -But we soCn will, dear, I intebd to ask your pa to morrow ulgbt for your hand, Yen, I think, have already given you heart to me f Literary Sack (in circle) j . « I have thoroughly enjoyed myself to-night, Miaa fiooktpere. I tat ohafmod with the redtnt at your early adventures in the world of letters, and I will read your next book, ' The History of a Saucepan-lid,' with renewed pleasure.' . . Miss fi. i *1 have hnjoyed myaelf to welL la tut, i atoorily adreoate a heat in the eiWle to Bfitehla toe to have a quiet ted ehitt/anuag.' . On tks fittegi i } W* arreit yon, Horatio Bamnolei, Cm thej smtue of the Qnsen, for wilful nihrderandf os^ety/ Tte vlURtsr'Woana yonr wurefit.' \- ' Pfoflhoad, tielng ifi ftnHgy the flisestdfia ami! hlU Iielett^g to the feiterittbr jrohhil tfae corner, and which the pro^ty mton. nhooniitioniiy trnt into hie 'iHero tod tii^t att^gronp^ilth diffsront eharaojni en ths ttoge. .TietoUafa, between two policemen, walks slowly off te appropriate music.] ' live for each other, and for onr little one (borrowed for the evening). No cloud will ever again come into tne sunshine of our lives to disturb the true happiness of Our hearta' [ Funny man exhibits the patch again, and causes a long burst of merriment, which ex tends even to the leader of the orchestra.] [Curtain]. THE EXILE. 