[?] ? f i|f iipta ;o:— A True Story of Northern Queensland. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. IN SIXTEEN PARTS ? o ? PART VII (Continued.) OTirHAT was that?' came the 4 VV query ' whereuP°n the young J 'a womar. told the siory of Walker's remarkable action, not con cealing anything, even the attempted ?hooting of the roan. ' That was indeed a strange affair, but it is just possible the poor fellow still lives. There is a liny islet on the Barrier which he might have reached, ^ and it is not a great distance from a here. My duty impels me to make a ^ J search in tbe locality before going -9 south. It would be a terrible thing to leave a solitary human being in such a place knowingly. I.ilt the anchor, lads, and make for the north point ot the Barrier yonder. We may be able to save another life there,' Captain James hastily spoke. The men needed no further incen tive to spur them on, and in less than an hour the Oxley was bowling merrily along in the direction indicated. Meanwhile everything possible was » being done to promote tbc comfort of the castaways. Captain James gave up his cabin to the two women, the only drawback being that there was nut a (article of female apparel on board. The garments of Ellen Cooney and Mrs Young presented a curious spec tade* and it was hard to say whether they more nearly resembled male 01 (fmale attire. The terrible journey ol over a month in the wilds ol Australia bad completely destroyed their clothes, which were kept together with all kinds of material, such as thongs of baik and strips of animal skins. Now that they were safe this fact caused them Utile concern, as in a week or two they would be able to get all that was needed at the Moreton Bay de^ot. It was shortly after noun when tlx. sloop neared the atoll on the Harriet, and the crew commenced a careful search amongst the nooks and creviccs of the great coral formation. Within ^ an hour they discovered the boat, bottom upwards, lying on a reef, but T no trace of Walker could be seen. 'There is no doubt the poor fellow has gone under,' at length observed Captain James. 'This place swarms with ground sharks, and they would make short work of the body. It is beyond all possibility that he could have escaped, and there isn't the least use wasting further time. However, \- I'll name this spot Walker's Point in memory of the poor fellow who must have lost his reason by the sufferings he encountered,' he concluded. The course of the vessel was then | altered to the south, and the sloop arrived safely at Moreton Bay, and ultimately at Sydney about a month later. On the voyage the admiration which Captain James felt for Ellen Cooney ripened into love, and before Farm Cove was reache'd he was her affianced husband. Before this the girl had shown him a pearl of great size and wonderful purity, worth a fortune in itself, and told him the brief history of its dis covery at Pandora Isle to the north of the Great Barrier. It was her father's express wish that the gem should be sold and its money value distributed amongst tbe members of the crew in certain proportions. On this Captain James called the brave fellows who bad acted so nobly to Captain Cooney and his daughter together and told them the position of affairs. When Sydney was reached he and Ellen would be married, and then J)eing her husband he would carry out 'every promise made by her father, even to putting out an expedition on the first favourable opportunity to v' see if any more priceless gems lay around Pandora Isle. ??? . ™ When the capital of New South U Wales was reached, the captain of tbe j V Oxley did even more than he had i ft*. promised. Tbe Governor was informed of the Pandora tragedy, with the result that the ofliciajs found berths in the i public service for the survivors until - they desired to leave. A pension was granted to William Young and his : I wife, anfl a large sum was given from 1 I the Slate treasury for the Pandora I; Pearl. A memorandum was made of ? the locality in which the pearl was ? found, but owing to a variety of reasons i ? no decisive action was taken to find out whether valuable deposits of pearl |K:*' l_,Jt was reserved for Captain James ' Bp-'- and his wife, with three of the seamen ? ? who survived the Pandora tragedy, to |0K probe tbe tccrets of the place and be i jag- the agents of avenging justice. Before - UK5' 1 explaining how all this was done, it will . be necessity to make a long digression i sB andijllow thefortuneeof others. \- Meanwhile we letve-Ellen Cooney — ] IB . nowMrs James— happy and contented §SI inSydney with those who so nobly ». shared her trials not leu so. When the tropical storm which i Ef burst upon the Pandora swept over the i If, ship, (he ruffians, Bloomfield and g - ' Jams, b&d; pfit the vessel into th^bgft Deprived AS tbejp were of the boat, It would hot have been safe to venture ashore pven could tbey have done so. Eariier.in the day it might have been possible to construct a rough raft, and well armed as they were, landed. Supposing that were done they would have been observed by those on shore, who would have doubled on them and regain the brig. That would have been a case of the biter bitten, as they would have become the losers. As the storm swept up, however, even this alternative was denied them, and all they could do was make the ship trim and tant and stick to her. Underhanded as they were, it was highly probable disaster would over take them if tbe wind was unusually severe. Yet there was nothing else to be done but face the inevitable. It was certain death on shore should they fall into the hands of those they had so betrayed, but in contending with the elements there was still a chance more, especially as the wind was coming off the land. Had tbe storm come from the eastward their case would have in deed been desperate. In that event nothing could have saved the brig from being swept on to the beach, and in the raging water, though it was possible to escape with life, there would be no chance of keep ing the muskets and a supply of dry powder. The desperadoes were of course ignorant of the terrible fate which had befallen Captain Cooney. Hardy they well knew was dead, for the hunch back had sent a bullet tliruugh Ins heait as he was leaping over the bul warks into the sea after l-arrell. Hardy was in fact their latest victim. They weie both good seamen and iiad weathered many a hurricane, but they quailed as the storm burst upon them. They had taken up a position al the rudder, which was protected so far as possible from the fury of the elements. It was well foi them that the brig was so closc to the shore and there was no chance for the waves to ^ct up, or the craft would have been overwhelmed at the first onset. The old ship trembled as the wind struck her, but in a few moments she wove lound and began to slowly follow in the wake of the storm. ' We arc saved, Jarvis,' hoarsely niiispcred Bloomfield lo liisconfedeiatc as this movement took place. ' We have a chance, at ail ever, is.' came the response. A sudden plunge made by the t j j showed she had parted the anchor, and the motion of the vessel became greatly accelerated. This was not a mis fottune, as it would allow the brig to ar.swer the helm more readily. In an hour intense darkness settled down lover the tumultuous scene and the ship pitched violently. The men had not the least idea whither they were being diiven, but concludcd they were going out to sea and so far were quite safe. In a coup'e of hours the violence of the wind ceased, and the rapi which tell did a great deal in moderating the violence of the waves. Shortly before midnight all was calm again, and both men began to regaid the danger as past. ' We're in luck's way, Jams,' at length spoke Bloomfield. ' Don't see where the luck comes in, Abel. Here we are tossing about in a strange sea with not half power enough io handle the craft,' responded Jarvis. 1 Better be tossing on the top of the waves than food for fish below,' said Bloomfield, elated with the feeling that safety was assured, and thinking only of the present. Even as he spoke an ominous grat ing noise was heard, or rather felt, ar.d suddenly the brig heeled over on the port side. The men hung on to the handle of the helm to prevent slipping 1 into the sea so acute was the angle, i and both simultaneously exclaimed : ' Grounded !' After a minute or two of painful suspense it became clear that theie was no immediate danger, as the water around was comparatively calm. The moon was yet clouded, and the con federates anxiously waited for light to ascertain if possible their surroundings. After the lapse ol more than an hour a break in the clouds allowed a stream of moonlight to pour down, and the first swift glance showed the baffled ruffians that their lives were not in any peril. The Pandora had simply drifted inlo a small coVe or bay with a sbingly beach on which the vessel had grounded- Iniact, if a more suitable spot bad been sought to run the craft on shore, it could not have been found. As the sky cleared and the night became brighter, both men dropped off the deck and swam ashore, where they walked '.he beach until daylight, speculating on what part of the coast the Pandora had come to grief. ' We may not be a mile from those fellows who are thirsting for our blood, Jarvis. We must be careful. It will be best to gel back ahd try for the muskets,' Bloomfield said. ' What a chance we'd have of getting them just now. I wouldn't go inlo the bold for a fortune at present. Besides, we can't be near tbat spot. Even if we are, it will take them some time to find out we're here. Tbey can't move till daylight, and we'll be afore them/ answered Jarvis, who was much calmer than Bloomfield. When morning dawned tbe men had good reason to congratulate themsel vet . They were apparently on the '»rn'nnd for north-soutb. The Pandora was reclining on a soft beach and scarcely injured, though it was clear she could not be floated off again. The small bay in which tbe lay was beautifully sheltered, while the country around seemed inviting enough to tempt settlement V - even sprung a leak. The cargo was of course jumbled ab.out, but that was a Small matter. In five minutes they were able to effect an entrance to the captain's cabin, where the much desired firearms were found. It was simply wonderful what little injury was done lo the ship. Wifh the weapons in their hands, a feeling of confidence and bravado re turned to the shipwrecked men, and tbey at once set about making arrange ments to convey necessary articles on shore. Before doing so it was agreed to make an examination of the sur rounding district, and with that object all the firearms, save four muskets, were carefully secreted in the hold Taking two each, they waded ashore, for tbe brig was nearly high and dry at low tide, and began the inspection. A beautiful tropical glen ran almost from the spot where the ship grounded. On the southern range was a high peak, and this the men decided to ascend. In a couple of hours the sunfmit was attained, and a splendid far-reaching view obtained. The scrutiny quite satisfied them, for they were now certain that a considerable distance separated them from those they had so treacherously treated at Mangrove Swamp. It was somewhat strange that the chief desire of the luflians now was lo avoid their would-be victims. What ever fcelines Bloomfield might have had lur Kllen Cooney had died a sudden death. Nor did they longer need a naiigaior, as there was no ship to steer across the trackless ocean. In siiou, circumstances had so altered that all the luliians now desired was never to look upon the iar.es of their late comrades and shipmates again. Considering how the latter had been led, Elbonifield smiled grimly to him self as he reflected on the impr, liability of the castaways ever escaping from their living bondage except through the portals of death. Alter satisfjing themselves that everything was right towards the south the confederates descended into the glen and climbed the opposite range. The view Ironi there was equally satis !acv.:y. There was no one lo dispute unh them, and that fact gave ihcm pleasure. In a sense they regarded thuns.-lves as outlaws, and the stores contained in the I'ar.dora made their exi.. jn easy one. H-sides, they had olhi i ideas which fortified them. It v.. is Ions; atter r.oon when the iniiieiercis returned to the brig tired and i.iiiigry, but everything was found as ie!L This pleased than, for il showed that not many natives could be ab.ut the district or such an object as the stranded ship would be sure to attract them. An ample dinner was soon provided and eaten, and then the two began lo disci: -5 the position. They recognised thjt the fusl lliing to be dune was to remove iveiything ot value which the hull --i the Pandora contained. The sea was a treacherous elemmt, and al any moment might swallow up the vessel and all i: contained. Upsides, a stray coasting party might drop upon the v-ieck anti spoil them ot the plunder. lielore anything else was thought of, all useful atlicles should be taken out. The remaining hours ol daylight were spent in searching lor a suitable spot where the goods might be stored, aud they had not far to go. A few yards from the entrance of the glen was found a cave, which suited ad mirably. Next day the goods were removed by means of a raft. The cargo con sisted of several tons of merchandise. Recognising that strong drinks had a ready sale in .Sydney, Captain Cooney had not failed to take in an ample stock lor trade purposes. In fact, there was enough provisions on the Pandora to keep the ruffians supplied for years. 1 We have enough to keep us here for life, Jarvis, and good stuff too,' remarked Bloomfield at the end of tlie fourth days' work, j Tbe satisfied grin of Jarvis was the only response he gave, for a feeling of contentment had come over him Not only had he and his mate all they could desire in the shape of food, clothes, and freedom, but they were also formidably armed. No less than twenty muskets had been found on the ship, with four kegs of gunpowder and three hundredweight of bullets. This was acceptable to men who had ob tained their comforts by violence, and if discovered could only retain ihem by tbe same method. It took a fortnight to empty tbe ship of ail she contained, and attention was then turned in another direction. Michael Jarvis had been the carpenter of the l'andora, and the first thing taken ashore by bira *-as the well stocked tool-chest. When all the articles were taken out they began to strip the vessel of timber and canvas. From their conversation it was apparent that they intended to build a comfortable and manageable craft in which they would be able to make short voyages, and with fair luck, even long trips by sea. This was not a matter tbey need hurry overhand the timber was slacked away for future use. It was not until the Pandora was half demolished that the men ceased their work, and then it turned out*hey were in quest of some thing else besides building material. ? We have lost a fortune in ibat pearl, Jarvis,' remarked Bloomfield one after noon as the two stood contemplating tbe wreck of tbe brig. ? The skipper told me hisself, Abel, that be kep' it in tbe cabin. It was there tbe very dAy we did for Sidmouth and Young.' ? Humph 1 I'm not so sure about Young. I can't forget that night see ing him in the jungle. Have you ever thought about it since?' interrupted 1 Bloomfield. . ~ ' was as dead as a door-nail I'll warrant,' came the careless response. ' But he seemed to get away,' urged the younger man. . ' Just the moonlight going off him, that's all. There wasn't anything in it, and those things don't trouble me,' returned Jarvis. 1 We've missed the big pearl, at all events, Jarvis.' ' Yes, an' that troubles me more than a thousand such ghosts as Young. I can't think what could have become of it The skipper never carried it about with him, l'in sure,' came the reply from Jarvis. ' Would Mistress Nell — confound her — have taken it ? Women love these kind of things, Jarvis, and sure as I stand here we've been doubly j foiled by that wench. She must have bad a hand in it,' returned Bloomfield. 'She might have had, but much good will it do her. What's the good of pearls where she and the old man is. Pearls won't keep them alive They'd give a dozen like it for a bag of flour,' fiercely icspondud the dv.ait. ' Maybe you're right, hut suppose tbey should get back to settlement. There's that devil Farrell with them, and the otheis have plenty of pluck, too. Il they came out right, and Nell had the gem, it would be a big haul to divide amongst litem, and ihe making of the haul wouldn't be hard to carry about either. It ain't here, so we must give il up as a bad job,' Bloomfield answered with an air of resignation. ' There's plenty more where thai came from, Abel, an' in good time we'll have them. Don't hurry busi ness. You're younger than me, and I'm willing lo wart. Let us fix up matters here first, and then we'll begin on the olher. What's that creeping along yonder ? A nigger, eh ? Pot him over, Abel,' the hiiiichbci k broke off suddenly, pointing to a daik object creeping through the scrub not more than fifty yards distant. Raising the musket, Blnormk-ld fired, ar.d as the smoke cleared away, they saw the black lonn lying stilt in the scrub. Running to a heap ot timber some thirty feet away, Jarvis pickcd up his firearm winch was stand ing against the pile, and rejoining his companion, they cautiously went to the thicket, where the body of a young aboriginal was found lying. Thinking he was dead, Bloomfield stooped to turn him, when, to his surprise, the young native rose to his knees in abject terroi. Luting his musket the hunchback was about lo dash out the miserable wretch's brains, when bis companion restrained him. 'Wait a moment, Jarvis. If this fellow isn't badly injuieil il may suit us to keep him alive. We must have help of some sought sooner or later. He doesn't look a bad sort. Let's see where he is hurt, and try a little kind ness with him,' spoke Uloomfield. He and Jaivis had more than once discussed the question ol their physical incapacity to carry out the plans they had formed, but hitherto the problem had not been capable ol solution. In fact the native who now crouched before them was the first they had seen in the neighbourhood. As a matter of fact, whatever additional labour they required must necessarily be black, and though it was not of much account, it would he better than none at all. As Bloomfield spoke, the dwarf lowered the musket and made a hasty examination of tbe young black. The only injury he had sustained was a grazed shoulder, and it was simply abject fright which caused him to be prone. Lifting him to his leet each man seized an arm and led him towards tbe retreat in the glen. ' Our only chance with this nigger is to treat hiin with kindness,' began Bloomfield; 'and we may as well begin al once. You can handle the medicine-chest, and that of itself will have a big effect otxhim. This cut on his shoulder must be smarting him, and a good pannican of rum will set him up. I tbink we'll manage him, Jarvis.' ' He'll likely go and- tell the tribe where we live, and then the thieving brutes will rob us if we ain't careful,' was the surly reply of Jarvis. 'Not much fear of I'nat, Jarvis. Those lockers you've made would keep the black devils out for a year. Besides, we are always at hand, and these aborigines have a holy terror of fire arms. See how well it acted on this chap' While they were thus talking, their place of abode was reached, which was a mass of strength. The sleeping apartment was ingeniously arranged with a view to safety, but as one man always watched while the other slept, it was not regarded as of such importance as the safe custody of the goods. The aboriginal was led into the outer apartment, and Jarvis at once set about bandaging his shoulder, while Bloomfield offered him a panni can of rum, which he signed to him to drink, and the order was obeyed. As the rum was highly diluted it did not taste very extraordinary to the nigger, but its effect was soon apparent in the bolder demeanour of the prisoner. Tlits is what Bloomfield expected. In the course of a week so well did the two men manage the young black that he became tractable, and it was recog nised that he was likely to prove a useful member of tbe small party. It was gleaned from this native, whom Bloomfield named Pen, tbat his tribe lived within ten mile* of the glen, but be showed no disposition to join tbem. After a while tbe men were able to understand the sign language of tbe youth, and soon tbey taught him ordinary and necessary words which made communication with himmucheasier. v When tbis was accomplished the three set pboi^ to build their tiny schooner. Jtgg^freing a -^gp^jaw' 