GENERAL NEWS A man named Terence Cleary, a farmer, residing at Biggenden, was brought down by train last night, suffering from fracture of left leg, causcd by being thrown out of his waggon by the horseB taking fright and colliding with a tree. Constable Law rence wired to the police to inform the Ambulance Transport Brigade, who, under Superintendent F, E. Smith, met the sufferer on the arrival of the train, and tendered the necessary first aid, afterwards convoying Cleary to the Hospital. This is the second case recently in which the brigade has attended to accidents on arrival by train, and shown much practical useful ness. Bicycles are coming into such common use that the need of some sort of regulation and the enforcement of penalties for breaches is becoming apparent. ' Scorch ing' in the main streets is one of the most prominent evils, and should receive a salutary check. A case in point occurred the other night, wheti a young lady while crossing Kent street about dusk had a narrow escape from serious injury, a cyclist dashing over the end of her skirt and nearly dragging her off her feet ; to say nothing of th^ fright and shock she received. Several cyclists have also been in the habit of stealing noiselessly about at night without lights. The Holloway Dramatic Company, who arc undertaking, and so far, with immense success, the unprecedented feat of touting Queensland twice in one winter season, are now playing to splendid houses in Gympie, and will open in the Town Hall, Mary borough, for a four or five night season on Monday next. Tho first piece will be the splendid drama, ' Silver King,' to be followed by the no less in tensely interesting and exciting 11 Harbour Lights.' Since last here this fine compscny has been strengthened by Miss Maud Williamson and Mr. Sing Hedley, two first class artists, while Mr. Chas. Holloway, who was too ill to appear at all last season, is now quite himself again. The trucking of cattle by rail from the Gin Gin district to Brisbane still continues brisk, and no less than three special trains passed through to the metropolis yesterday, conveying in all about 450 head of cattle. At present the Department is also running at tho rate of three trains per day on the Mount Perry branch, and a similar number on the Gladstone line. It is anticipated that the sugar season in the Maryborough and Isis districts will commence about the first week in August. By way of marking his return home from his European trip, Mr. Chas. Babaa, lessee of the Royal Exchange Hotel, last night entertained a party of abont 80 friends at an excellent banquet. A most convivial even ing was spent, with music and songs. Mr. Babaa gave an interesting account of bis tour in Germany, which was listened to with great interest, especially by the many fellow-countrymen of the host who were present -,?? :. The social dance in connection with Miss Nugcnt's Assembly Class took place in the Oddfellows' Hall last night. Thero was a large attendance, and a most enjoyable time was spent by the large company. Capital dance music was supplied by Miss Nugent (piano), Mr. J. Le Breton (violin), and Mr. S. Whitaker (cornet). Yestebday was a fine mild .flay, with light southeasterly wind. Last night was comparatively close and cloudy, and a little rain fell at a late hoar. Thebb is every prospeot of a cheap ex cursion train being ran from Maryborough to Brisbane, in connection with the Exhibi tion, early in August. Similar excursion trains have been run from Gympie and Warwick to the metropolis with great suc cess. A seoond excursion will be run from Gympie at the end of the current month. The fares for the excursion from Mary borough are to be particularly low to make it attractive. A very successful cyoling entertainment and skating carnival arranged by the Cyclists' Olub, was held in Hobson's rink last night. The attendance was very good, and an attractive programme was provided, a feature being an exhibition of fanoy and trick riding on bioyoles. Skating and at a late hour dancing were indulged in. To night there will be another skating and dancing entertainment with good music. We learn that the proprietors of the Maryborough Sugar Factory will procoed to Pialba to-day, and confer with the sugar planters there this evening, with a view of making satisfactory arrangements' for the season. We are also informed that most of tbe cane from Graham's Creek to Tiaro has been secured for this mill. The Crown Lands Banger (Mr. J. Murphy) has made a seizure under Clause 138 of the Timber regulations, of 16 hoop pine logs branded FU, on the Gayndah road, one mile west from Degilbo cattle station, containing 5196 feet. Nominations for tbe various offices in connection with the School of Arts, close with the secretary on Saturday night. This is the subscribers opportunity to infuse fresh blood into the institution if they deem it desirable. The new Normanby copper mine has been placed under offer to an influential borne firm, and a satisfactory conclusion is anticipated. The N. S. Wales Parliament was last week in the throes of a controversy on Sab bath Observance (says the S.S. Telegraph) : — The Sunday closing question was brought up by- Mr. Hughes, on an adjournment motion. Mr. Hughes inquired what the Colonial Secretary really meant by his in structions. Mr. Brunker intimated that he had said before, and would say again later. ' You've said so many things to different members,' retorted Mr. Hughes, ' that nobody knows what you mean.' The partial incomplete method of administering the law was bringing it into contempt and creating confusion. Where was the sense or honesty in ordering the small trader to get off the grass, while the Government, the biggest employer of labour in the oolony, openly violated and desecrated the Sunday by running its trams and trains. He con trasted the action of the Government in pouncing on the small trader and winldng at the law-breaking in gambling dens and tote houses. Support was riven by Mr. Waddell, who absolved the Colonial Secretary from blame. It was the law which was at fault. And the law ought to be amended. So Mr. Fitzpatrick thought. He invited the House to assist him to burn all the laws passed before the reign of Queen Victoria. They were lamentably out of touch with modern thought and modern requirements. The general sense of the House was that an alteration should be made in the law, and that then tbe law should be honestly en forced. The Colonial Secretary admitted as much himself. The most thorough man on the other side was Mr. Affleck, who was for keeping the Sunday absolutely on Puritan principles. ' Don't you ever ride on the trams on Sundays ?' a member asked him. No he didn't. 'Nor have a bath?' Mr. Neild was understood to inquire. ' No, I don't,' answered Mr. Affleck, amidst a burst of laughter. Most of the members who con tributed lu lira -debate insisted that whatever 1 refreshment houses were open on Sundays, the tobacconists should be closed. Even Mr. Copeland went this far, though in other respects he wanted the thirsty populace to have the right to choose what kind of drink it might have on the Sunday, ' whether soft or hard.' Mr. Copeland had no objection to a man drinking off a jug of beer on the Sunday. But the thought of a man filling his tobacco pouch or buying a cigarette was too horrible. At the recent conference at the Hawkes bury Agricultural College, N.S. Wales, Mr. M. A. O'Callaghan, the Government Dairy Expert, read a paper on ' Dairying ; some of its vital points.' In dealing with the Pasteurisation of milk or cream, he said Pasteurisation for butter-making had in creased very much during the last eighteen months in Scandinavia, and to this piore than to anything else he attributed their continued . superiority in price. After ex plaining ther process of Pasteurisation, Mr. O'Callaghan said the butter made at the college dairy was always from Pasteurised milk, and some experiments made recently went to show that where the butter was made under the ordinary process from un PasteuriBed milk, it went rancid in the ordinary atmosphere in a week, while Pasteurised butter did not show appearances of rancidity until after the third week. Thus he thought that Pasteurising and scientific dairing would be of more advantage to Aus tralia than to any other country, for no other country had to send its dairying products so far to market. The question of tuberculosis in milk was a very important one, not only to the public, but to the dairy farmers. He thought no grown-up healthy person need be very terrified at getting tuberculosis from drinking milk. It was young obildren for whom fears need be entertained. But their principal cause of fear would be for the calves of the colony. Amongst other means of checking the spread of the disease among human beings, he would mention oooling the milk quickly after milking, and heating or Pasteurisation. Calves were most sus ceptible to the disease, and he would like to see separated milk treated at a temperature of about 175 or 180 degrees Fah., so as to make it safe food for calves. All the fac tories in Scandinavia now scald the sepa rated milk before returning it to the farmers, and ho would not be surprised to see that made compulsory on the part of factories in countries where tuberculosis was prevalent. It had been demonstrated, however, that it was possible to rear healthy calves on tuber culous milk if it had been previously well Pasteurised. In reply to inquiries addressed to the Hon. J. Douglas, Government Besident, by the Home Secretary, Sir Horace Tozer, a telegram was received on Wednesday which contains the following : — ' No Japanese, males or females, can at present leave Japan for Queensland without a license or passport. Japanese emigration to Thursday Island is completely nnder control of the Japanese Government. Certain Japanese who had booked passages by the Sagami Maru were refused license, and prevented from leaving. Nine hundred and sixty Japanese have during the last four years been brought to Queensland under contract to planters, and a question has arisen lately as to their right to re engage. The emigration society concerned in their introduction do not wish them to re- engage, and would profer to take them back to Japan on the expiry of their time. Japanese immigrating is entirely in tho hands of the two Governments, to regulate as they please, and I believe that the Japanese Government will be found to bo perfectly reasonable.' AaaoBDOia to a private letter from Mr. , Lane's Oosme oolony. in Paraguay, says I ' Oatia' in the B. D Telegraph things there, are flourishing^ The writer goes very fully I into details, whioh show that the pioneers I have overcome much of the hardest initial ] work, and are within sight of a time when they can take things easier, with a certainty of having enough to eat and to wear. They I have learned a great deal from the failures . and successes of the beginning ; they are ex- . I tending the area of cultivation, and are J making better ohoice of things to grow. ' They all have fairly good houses, ana are I confident tbatsoon everybody who so desires i will have a fowl in the pot, as a pretty ' regular thing. Mr. Lane, who has been in England for some time, has been flooded with applications from persons desirous of joining the settlement, and is bringing out 50 selected families. The writer of the letter referred to speaks of the life on the settle ment as infinitely more pleasant than it is under ordinary circumstances in theBe oolo nies for wage- earners, with no friction or ill will worth speaking of, and no hardship save deprivation of some accustomed things which wilt-be procurable later on. This is good news, especially as many excellent and perfectly sincere people went into the Lane experiment at considerable loss to them selves, and with a hope of benefiting others, ! who seemed likely to fare very badly when ; the collapse of the original experiment took j place. Nothing should be able to break up i the Cosme settlement now but disagreement i between the members. Even such a result ] as that, after they are fairly successful, | would probably lead to nothing worse than : the white colonisation of Paraguay on indivi- | dualistic lines. j These never was tragedy written more terrible than that in Mr. Sberrard's ' White Slaves of England.' The publication of such a book just at tho time of the Diamond Jubilee eatings, drinkings, and handshakings reminds one of the appearance and occasion of Banquo's ghost. Perhaps it has been tho means of somewhat enlarging the oharitable impulse of some of those who can afford to indulge kindly feelings in a large way. It is believed that the painful passages in Dickens touching the hard lines of the^ oommon people, and Carlyle's terrible assailments of the prosperous who are blind and deaf to everything but prosperity, have at times re sulted in beer and whole sheep for tbe un fortunate. There is no imagination in what Mr. Sherrard has to tell. It is just a graphic, accurate account of faots, to be seen and verified any day, in the lives and deaths of thousands of those who work to make England great. Nothing more, infernal could be recorded than the conditions nnder which the wool-washers and the leadwor kers exist. In Bradford and Newcastle large numbers of men and women go to certain and early death knowingly, at branohes of work which no one oan engage in and live, in order to earn enough to sup port sordid existence without a gleam of hope in it. The form in which death over takes the miserable Englishwomen who work in the lead mills is unspeakably hor rible in its acute torture. Many of them are married, and in order to make ends meet, work all day, while their husbands work all night. In such cases husband and wife only see each other in the works, as the moment one shift finishes the other must begin. This is the sort of picture of Eng lish home life which the Podsnaps of the banquet-room never refer to. Plainly there are things nearer^ home which demand the attention of Englishmen, even more urgently than blood-curdling outrages in the purple East. — ' Outis.' | A Gulqono telegram in a Sydney paper says:— A wallaby drive took place at Mr. B. House's Biraganbil Estate. Eighty ladies and gentlemen attended. 307 kangaroos and wallabies were killed. Mr. Thomas 'West, ot Guntawang, was the highest scorer with 21. A pure-bred English fox was killed. A boy named Phillips was shot in the ankle with a full charge of shot, and Mr. Stanley House's horse was shot in the side. Another Special Line of Ladies' Calico and Flannellette Underclothing, comprising Nightdresses, Chemises, Knickers, and Com binations, are being closed out at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s at half usual prices. All j beautiful, fresh, new goods. ? 