Reformation (if Miverson's Pairat. ' ? : — 0-3 ? (By.' Ernest Favenc.) '' . 1.' HAT parrot of Miverson'e was an example— 'a shocking example; a bird without moral principles ' or decency of . .conduct. This trouT iVied 'Mivp-rBnn. who had a sneak ing regard for respectability; in spite of his occupation, which was that of a pu'bli can. He had owned lie parrot from the time It was. a crooning nestling, ana ae. naa pur chased it off a biackfel Icw. It turned _ out a wonderful talking bird, and ? though - Miverson tried /his best to keep its tongue in the ways of virtue, the customers and others led it astray, and it habitually indulg ed in 'language.' It was a corella, with an extravagantly - hooked beak, and blue wattles round its eyes, and when excited it could look more devilish than a nightmare. At last, in spite of Miverson's ef forts, it took to drink. Hum ?was its favorite beverage, and if rum was not forthcoming' when demanded, the place was ren dered unbearable with its devilish yells and cries. It would go to. sleep at dark very drunk, and pass the night muttering strange oaths, and falling off its perch at intervale. In the morning it would have a head on it. It was touching to see it stand ing against the side of its cage waiting,' with its: pear sore head resting on the bare, until some kind soul opened the door of the cage, when it could get out, clamber on to the bar, and dip its hot beak into something strong. The oldest topers used to say that to see that bird throw its head back and take down its first swallow of mm with a grateful sigh in the morning was enough to draw tears from a tiger-., snake Miverson got an idea that the bird's falling away was laid to Ms score, and being a goodin tentioned man it grieved. him very much. He had been offered large sums for the bird, but refused them — first, because he .had grown fond of the re probate, and next, the bird brought in a good deal of custom. It was only the small nucleus of a township on the bank of a river crossing, where Miverson had established his household gods, but there was a good deal vof traffic on the road, and Miverson's parrot became knowii far and ? wide. The opposition house had, vainly endeavored to get ujp a counter attraction, but without avail, and any attempt to injure the bird would have raised the country against the perpetrator of the outrage. So Miverson's grew and flourished. It was a crowded time at Miyereon's one day. Two or thf ee teams were camped at the river crossing, and the coach had broken down, and most of its passengers had to stop overnight, and rfinsB Miverson's. The coach had brought up ! news of the Melbourne Cup and the victory of the lEavordte, and great was the rejoicing— so great that it promised to drink Miverson's dry. But Miverson's saw it out, and next day the renovated coach departed, the teams moved on, and stagna tion reigned where riot had just been. Only in Miverson's cashbox was a solid and satisfactory memento of the late invasion. Polly Miverson had a very bad head, and he de served it. The excitement of the many visitors, and the -mixing of drinks, had been too much for Hum. He had to use his claw very, very ginger- j ly indeed when he wanted to scratch his head. He j sat on his perch morosely, regarding the only guest ' in the place, and occasionally bidding that indi vidual to go to sheol. Tie only guest was leaning back in the rough chair made of a sack, and medi tatively smoking. He was about 30 years old, not bad-looking, but with two fatal deifecte: His eyes were set deep, and close together, and his beard and whiskers grew unevenly, and in patches. He was diess'td in the usual bush style, so that dt was hard to say what his social rank -was. He had been there some three -lays spelling his I Ihorse, he said, on hie way bo the little eeaport ?where the steamers called. For some strange I reason the parrot, who was usually hail fellow well I met with everybody, refused all friendship with \ him, and heartily . cursed him whenever he came I near him. -? . I The evening closed in wet and gloomy, and the iniafoitante of the little cluster of houses by the Bide of the river betook themselves to bed early. Ah Sin, the Chinese ccok at Mivereon's, had gone iwith. some other of his countrymen to have a quiet all-night gamble at 'the gardener's. The knock about man, who had won £2 over the Cup, and got bappy, had gone to rest in a retired lean-to against the stable; Miverson was making up his books, and ihe and the solitary lodger were alone in the house. The traveller yawned over a tattered yellow back. Once or cwice he wandered to the bar and invited the landlord to drink with him, but Miver son was a temperate man, and did not respond very genially, being anxious to get his work done and retire to bed. At last the man went to his room, mine host shut his books, and closed the bar, and all was dark and silent save for the heavy downpour of rain upon the roof. It was past midnight when the traveller, who had not undress ed, stole out o£ his room and listened attentively. - All was still but for the steady patter. The man, j who had surveyed his ground before, unclosed he j back door and sieaked out. . The room where the j landlord slept opened out of the bar. To reach it 1 from inside the bar door and bedroom door would lhave to be broken open, and the man thought that the roughly-shuttered window opening into the | back veraridaa would prove the easiest mode of 1 entrance. Twice he had been within an ace of! bailing Miverscn up behind- the bar when he call ed him out to have a drink; but a man had been (hanged at Brisbane not many years before for failing to stick up a bank properly, and his cour age had failed him. Softly he crept round to the window, and commenced operations. Everything Iwas in his favor — the falling rain, and the dark ; night, broken only- now and again by a flash of j lightning. He worked noiselessly, and soon ! worked the bolt of the ill-fitting, shutter back with j bis sheath-knife^and had the shutter open. All was easy now. Miverson had been kept up all I the. night before by his noisy guests and slept; heavily. The cashbox, as the man knew, was in ] a -box under the Ded— one that could be carried out \ and opened at leisure'. He got skilfully and noise- j lessly into the room. Soft as a cat he felt for the ! box, listening to the heavy breathing of the sleep er as he did so, and had taken the box out and made one step towards the window when a sleepy voice said somewhat huskily, 'You damned thief!' The pairot. who always slept in the room, was I only muttering in hie' uneasy dreams, but it was enough to startle the nerves of the intruder. With j a start he nearly dropped the box, but managed to ! let it on to the ground with a good deal of noise. I 'Who's there?' cried Miverson, sitting up. A j quavering flash of lightning illuminated the room, and the men saw each other, and the thief saw that Miverson's hand was under the pillow as if feeling for a revolver. There was no time to be lost. His life was for feit, and drawing his eheath-knife the robber sprang on his opponent and stabbed recklessly and' furiously. Scream after scream 'suddenly came from the startled bird. When a par rot is properly scared at ? can make as much noise as a 'terrified woman, and mad with the rage of murder and baffled pur pose, the thief loro the. cage open and dragged the shrieking bird out to silence it. In the dark ness he did not get hold of it property, and -the bird, savagely biting, escaped from him iind flew ?through the open window, still screaming like an avenging fiend, and disappeared in the storm. Impelled by wild fear, the man followed, and ?wihen help arrived they only tound the bleeding body on the bed. Same life was left in it, which was nursed back before morning, and they took down what they thought would prove his dying deposition. It did not, however. .Miverson even tually recovered, to live a lifelong invalid. In the morning the river was flooded, and^all the anxious tracking that was undertaken by black and white' did not reveal' any clue as to the course taken toy the murderer. Two of the searchers, a black, if'' and a .white one, Were, busy scouring the bue-h, when they were startled by £he same mild screams that J iiad rung ouf- and frightened the sleepers. The parrot came They took .t home, but from that time the bird, although 'it recovered from Its fright, never epihe, and refused all offers of * Its once favorite refreshment. „ Whether the would-be murderer escaped or dieS in the bush, ihe people of the little cluster of 'settlement never knew tor long years. 4 Mi Vcraun had a brother down south who came up, and lcoked after the business until he was able to leave, when he sold cut and left the district, -taking the parrot, wb.o--.had saved his money,' ?With him; and the superstitious- people persisted |c the story that the mark of the murderous bang, upon his breast never died out. Every time the' bird moulted it was renewed, so they avowed. n. , Jllss ©are, the daughter of cne qf the wealthi est men abou', Brottelcne, was locally consider ed equal to any professional beauty that the ijrorld- could b^g'^prw^d.ir.;nMoriimately, she was of the same ojpinion herself in consequence of the spoiling proc^ she had undergone, which Tendered her^-a; rather .~dlsa'gTeeaTbie. person, not very popular amongst jthe other girls. In reality she was a pretty woman,: TyitbTi weak, si^ly head. She was' an only ^daughter; and old Dare, who had been one of.\,t&e; origiiiar settlers of Brook stone, was believed to. be able to leave her some- . thing warm. ? Consequently ;sh^ .-was much courts ed. and led to imagine that she bad the Austra lian world at Her .'feet.. . ''Bgo^kstpne. was .in a.' state, pf mild excitement just at mis time. Reef ing had been discovered in.tHe neighborhood, and the traffic in shares had for ; a ^tirne r^h high. Fiiialiy.it settled -'down intd}one or two paying mines, and several doubtful . ones. ' To one of these doubtful ones, came, a new, manager, who was going to make things hum generally,' He talked glibly, and witii much apparent knowledge, of the wenderful p.ew .process about to be started, of the elaborate maehinefy'abqiit to be erected, of the mistakes made by former managers by which one of the best-paying' mines 'in 'Australia had been left undeveloped, and; of the great future that lay ahead. -Shares 'ro'se, an£ amongst those tp invest largely was old Dai-e. Dare was noted ; as a cautious man, and others followed his ex ample; sp that things looked, up \p4th the 'Purse of Fcrtune.' ilJare and 'Hollingsned, the new manager, became what is known. as thick as thieves, and the now popular Hollingshed rode and drove with Misss Dare. /vrhen not engaged in bis mining duties, to'tae envy,- hatred, and malice pf all the other suitors. There were not wanting seme to say that the wonderful new process was j only a very old -one, better'kncwis as blow, unli- ' mited blow; but these were said to be men who had failed in getting cheap snares. At last it was rumored that Hollingshed had carried cfE the beauty and heiress— he was engaged to.. Miss j Dare. ' -'?.'' j -Meanwhile the. mine exhibited no very great] progress in' the -shape of development. It was bruited about everywhere that the proprietors were only waiting for the arrival of the new and expensive machinery from England, and some visitors from Melbourne and a champagne chivoo en tfle gro.una servea to tuny restore puoiie con fidence. ? ' ? ' * The marriage day was fixed, and there was to b.3 a great celebration on .the occasion, as the , local paper said, qf Mr. Hpllmgshed, the' popular manager of the 'Purse Gf .Fortune,'-' and the lovely and accomplished .daughter.' of our- esi teemed, * townsman Mr. John Dare be^ coming united. T-he day. approached as days generally do' if -one waits long encugh, and amid much 'health-drinking, con gratulation, and all the rest of it the daughter of our esteemed townsman was married to the popular manager. The happy couple were to go to Sydney for their honeymoon, and by the time they returned the 'new .and expensive machinery.' would be. on the ground, and the golden stream would commence to flow* . 'Dsn't be surprised, my dear fellow,'. said the manager to the editor of the local paper in strict confidence, 'if there sho.uld be a fall in 'For tunes.' Our people want to get as many shares as they can into their own hands. They are going to put a lot of shares on the market to bring down t\e price a bit, and then buy in again. An old dodge, you know. Don't you be frightened, but ju&i; hold on like grim death.' 'Trust me,' said the- editor, with a wink born of champagne. Then they started to drive thirty miles tp the town, where they would take the train for Sydney, and papa Dare was to join them in a day or two. The new Mrs. Hollingshed found her husband in high spirits as they drove along the country read. They had arranged to 'stop for an hour or two at a pretty little township -nestling in a farming district, about halfVway. There was a decent sort pf publiehouse there, where the bride ' had stayed once before, and found everything j very comfortable. They drove into the stable j yard, and the horses were taken out and given a j feed. The bride went to her room with a maid, j and Hollingshed strolled into the quiet bar for a j drink, the breakfast champagne requiring a lit- ? tie freshening up after the drive. j It was a. peaceful little place, more like a coun- 1 try inn in Europe than in a biish township in New j SGuth Wales. A sleek cat was asleep on the j counter, a white parrot dozing in a cage, and a j pleasant- faced girl came forward to serve hi™ ] 'Have you some good whisky?' asked the mining manager, with his persuasive, killing smile: _ 'Y«s, sir,' replied the girl, putting the re quired article down. Hollingshed helped himself, and commenced a conversation in the intervals of lighting a cigar. Suddenly the quiet was broken by a succession of piercing shrieks. The parrot was clinging to the bars of his cage as though he would tear. ti-em apart. His wings beating furiously the. while, he poured forth shrill screams mingled with oaths and curses. So violent was its rage that its body seemed suddenly animated by a devil. Aghast the girl stared at him, murmuring, 'Uncle Dick's dumb parrot!' Hollingshed dropped his cigar, and looked with a white face at the accusing. bircT His hand trembled as he clutched the bar, and he cried out as if in spite of himself, 'Mivereon's par- 1 rot!' ?'?.'? What passed through his Tnind? He saw a b!ood-stairied figure prone on the bed, illumined by a flash of white light. He saw a barefooted, hunted fugitive fleeing through the bush amid storm and tempest, with the same shrieks ring ing in his ears. He saw the same starved wan derer alone,: shrinking from the night and the blackness, and always pursued by a white, shrie king spirit with abloody brand on its breast. He saw the same wanderer come to an out station with a pitiful tale of losing his horse and every thing he had in the flood, and being taken in and fee!. Now, when he^saw money before him, and had just married; was it all to be dashed from his grasp by an accusing and avenging sprite in the shape of a wretched bird?'1 ' The mad, blind rage he felt once more came over him. He- would have sprung on the bird,-. -and torn it to pieces, but another voice was heard. In the doorway behind the bar stood a stooping figure, pale and thin, the ghost of Miverson. 'Uncle! uncle!,' cried the girl. 'Tour par rot's gone mad!' - The bird ceased its clamor when it heard its master's voice; but still flapped its wings and beat against the wires. ' 'The parrot suddenly shrieked out at this gen tleman,' the girl explained to .her uncle. The ghost of Miverson directed his lack-lustre gaze on their visitor. Four long years had passed since the two men had confronted each other. The recognition was mutual. Miver scn's eyes blazed up. . 'You villain! At last! at last!' he cried. j 'Lucy! quick! Call your father!' j Hollingshed stood his ground. Flight would have been fatal; his best game was to treat the j whole thing with contempt,. ' 'That's the man who tried to rob and murder me,' said Miverson to his brother when he came. way, mats tne manager of the new mine ut- i at Brookstcne/' ? - ? -. -? ' , i 'So I am,' broke in Hollingshed: 'what's up] with this old lunatic?' 'That's him right enough,' said another voice, i that of the old knockabout whom Miverson had ! brought down with -him put of charity. Thej police station was but a; few steps away, 'and' 1 Holiingshed found 'himself in an awkward fix.' His bluff about being a mining manager did not 1 arouse much sympathy as a.,-jguarantee of re- ' tspectabiiity. Miverson --*rothers were well I known and respected; ; the case had 'been i much talked of: at the time, and the policeman had the details that were forwarded of the miss ing man at the time. He felt justified in arrest ing him on suspicion. When the bride des cended she found that the bridegroom was in custody. As he had left 'the bar in company wjtii the policeman the girl looked at the cage ana gave a cry. . The parro.t was lying «on its back, stone dead. A great surprise awaited the people 'of Brook stcne. The shares of the 'Fortune' certainly fel!, and they did not recover again. The shares put upon the market belonged to Dare, Holling shed, and his partner— a |ieedy agent ? in Mel bourne. The new and expensive machinery, needless to say, did not turn up. No. more did our esteemed townsman, John Dare, in Brook stone. His property -was mortgaged to the hilt, and he left his creditors lamenting. Holhng sucd was passed over to the Queensland police, tried, and got seven years. The poor beautv of tic district will, doubtless- 'get a divorce under the act. A gentlemang3ias recenUy expressed admira tion lor the delicacy and skill with which a lady dentist in -Nenj£-STo£k treated Mm He believes that iady dennsfe -spill In future be numerous, for timid people, he surmises, will more readily consent to be ^operated -»n S»y']a. pretty, tasteful, and expert woman, than an awe-inspiring Indi vidual such as '-are many male specialists. 'Set touch was exquisitely soft, be relates, 'iud I' was more than sorry -Trnen-^the 'operation -was ' completed.' Lady dentists are springing up like mushrooms in America, it being 'supposed ] that there B?e more ot fitiem in ^few-Tork than j in any other place* *~in Hie tyorld. Some very ] beautiful specimens- of tireir workmanship 'have been exhibited, -@ie teeth ^fHheee gets being eg- ; pecially natural, comMniag |(ieaaty wita «trengta * in a degree never yet -excelled by their brotSiei practitioners. -- ~ - \- 'v . *' y „ * \ 