S£RH<m FORppW Knowing: Christ. Bt Lite Rev. C. H. Spuroeon. I count oil tilings but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ -Tesus my Lord, for whom I have suffered the lass of all tliinp.s, ami do count them but dung, that I may win Christ, and he fouuil in Hiui, not having mine own righteousness, which is of the law. hut that whioli is through the faith of Christ, .the righteousness whtoh is of God by faitli.--Phil. HI 7.9. In our text the apostle Paul repeats tlie word " count " twice over. He was skilled in spiritual arithmetic, and very careful in his- rcokoning. Ho cast up his accounts wdtli caution, and observed with a diligent eye his losses and hi; gains. He seems to be in a mercantile frame of mind, adding aud sub tracting, counting and balancing, with much quiet and deciaion of mind. I commend tho text to business men ; I invite them to follow tlio apostle's example — to uso tlieir best judgments upon eternal things, to sit down, tako out their pen, and figure as ho did, and inuko out estimates and calculations as- to themselves nnd'Christ, their own works nnd tlio righteousness of faitli. 1\. Lot us begin, then, brethren, by looking briefly at tiio apostle's, paloulations. The words here used by the apostle show us that ho lcueiv the Lord as Ohrist, ? or us the Messiah, sent ' and anointed by tlio Bather. Ho understood tho fulness, power, mid ex ceeding efficacy of tlio anointing of our Lord, which lie had received above his follows. .. He: saw Him to iio the womnu's premised Seed, the Coining One, the promised Light of Israel, the ordained Prince nnd Saviour of tho sons of men," and lie saw "all His qualifications for this wonderful character. He perceived His anointing as Prophet, Priest, and King,. Ho delighted to sec the Spirit of tho Lord resting upon Him, and descending from Him to Ilis people, us the sacred oil from the liemV of Aaron distilled to tho skirts of his garments. He snw great excellency in tho knowledge of the Lord's Anointed, whose garments smell of myrrh, and aloes, anil enssin ; but this was not nil, for lie proceeds to call Him Jemis. " Thou sbnlt, call His name Jesus ; for He shall save His people from their sins." Paul knew Him as the anointed Saviour — yea, as the actual Saviour, who had saved him : saved him from the madness of his blasphemy anil persecution, saved him from nil liis past guilt, saved him and made him to be an instrument of the salvation of others. He delights in tiio title of "Saviour," as we all do who know the savour of it. How sweetly musical is the name of Jesus ! how fragrantis it, even as ointment poured fortii ! Excellent indeed is tlie knowledge of our Lord in thiB character. How delicious is the apostle's next word, "My Lord;" not merely the Lord, hut "my Lord." His knowledge was an appropriating knowledge. He knew the Redeemer ns anointed for liim, as saving him, as Lord over all for liim, anil now us Lord to him. . The honey of tlio sen tence lies in that word "my." I do not know how it seems to your hearts, lmt to meit is one of the sweeteBt words tlint can possibly he used by mortal lips — "Hie knowledge of Christ my Lord." "Whether He is your Lord or not, yet is He surely mine ; whether He he accepted as Lord by the sons of men or not, yet is He joyfully owned as Lord to roe and Master of my spirit, sole Monareli of my whole 'nature, "Ohrist. Jesus my Lord." You see, then, how truly, fully, practically, nnd personally he lenew the Lord .Tesus. When we are raised from the death of our sin, and feel that Tto are so, then is onr knowledge of the risen Christ excellent, indeed. "When wo feel u new life within us, quickening us nnto spiritual things, and know that this springs from the resurrection of our Lord, and is wrought in us according to the mighty power which raised .Teens Ohrist from tho dead, then indeed can we rejoice in the excellency of the lcnowledge of Christ Jesus our Lord. More than that Paul knew something of Christ, aud was aiming to know more, by a growing likeness to Him. . "That I. may know. Him, unil the fellowship of His sufferings, being , inade conformublo unto His death." He had entered, in some measure, into bis Master's sufferings'; he bad been persecuted and despised of men, and for much the same reason as liis Master. He had, iu a degree, felt Christ's motives, Christ's love for man, Christ's zeal for God,. Christ's self-sacrifice, Christ's readiness to' die on behalf of the truth. This is an excel lent knowledge indeed, and Paul might well esteem it as far more precious than all legal privileges. He spoke of it as super-eminent lmowledge, for such is his meaning, and lie reckoned it to he beyond all price. Beloved, there is no knowledgo iu tlie world which enn ho compared with such u knowledge of Christ Jesns ns I linvo tried to describe just now, for it is a. knowledge which concerns tlie highest conceivable object — even tho Son of God. To know the saienceof nature, to bo familiar with rocks, to reacl the stars, to comprehend all things olse, is a/ eomparal ivo trifle when we consider what it is to know God in tlio person of the Lord Jesus, no in whom dwelloth nil tiio fulness of the Godliend bodily is most worthy to , bo known, und angels nnd princi palities unite with nil tho snints in thinking se. One truth about Ohrist is mora preoious than the total of all other knowledge ! This is a knowledgo which no man hath except it he given him of tho Holy Spirit — and Iniiioo its excellence. TVe may say to all who know Christ, "Flesh and blood lmt.h not revealed this unto thee." Divinely taught must lie ho who lias learned Christ. This science caimet he acquired in the schools, nor imparted by learned professors, nor even gathered by years of uiligont research ; to the heart ro- nowed by the Holy Ghost, the Lord .Testis must he revealed by the Spirit Himself, for no man enn say that .Tesus Christ is Loni but by the Holy Ghost. Tlmt muHt needs he u superlative knowledge which requires in caoli . case to he communicated by God Himself. This knowledgo' sanctifies, purifies, and delivers from the love 'of sin. It wives the soul — saves it from present sin mul from eternal woo. Tliis knowledge elevates tho motives, sweetens tlio feelings, and gives nobility to tlio entire life ; for the man .who knows Ohrist lives after u loftier order of life than those who aro ignorant of Him. This knowledge, indeed, beloved, is excellent, because it never nun he lost ; it is a know ledge which will continue to progress, even in eternity. Most of tho euhjects which mortals study here will he forgotten in the world to come ; the profomidest of them will he too trifling to he pursued ainid angelio thrones. Tho > honours 'of olnseioal and mathematical attainments will shine bnt dimly amidst the glories of heaven, but the knowledge of Christ .Tesus will still he priceless, and it. will oauso thoso who possess it to shine ns the sun. He timfc Imoweth Ohrist shall go on to sit nt His feet und still to leum, nnd hs ho learns he will tell to principalities and powers tho manifold wisdom ol God in the person of Jesus Christ. See ye, then, beloved, that the apostle, for Ilia' sake of the knowledge of Ohrist. .Tesus his Lord, still counted ns loss all tlio tilings that he had once gloried in. This wuS his calculation when ho was writing. It wan not merely tho estimate of his younger days, but it was his present renewed and confirmed judgmont. My friend, is it ours? The great apostle gives us a third counting, which may he regarded as his life estimate ; not of tho past only, nor of tho present merely, hut of the past and present inclusively. Here it is : _ " For whom LJiuve suffered the loss of all things, nnd do count thorn hut dung, that I may win Christ nnd bo found in l-Iini." Here, beloved, you see that his astimato sets out with actual test und praot.innl proof. He is sitting down, I suppose, in tlio guard-room of tlie Pnotorium at Rome, wlioro lie was a _ prisoner ; the chains aro on His wrists. Ho bus nothing in all the world ; he has lost all his old friends, his relations disown him, his country- men abhor him, and oven his Christian brethren often distress liim. No name mado tho Jew gnash liis teeth morn maliciously than did tho liuino of Saul of Tarsus, who was adjudged to ho the vilest of renegades. Ho had lost caste, nnd lost all ground of glorying ; ho had no longer n righteousness of liis own wherein to glory, but lie is stripped of ovory rag of legal hope : Christ I; liis all, nnd ho has nothing olse. Tie hns no' worldly property, ho hue no provision for his com monest needs, and most true arn his words ns ho writes, "For whom I have suffered tlio loss of all tilings." Lot us ontor tho prison and put to him a porsonnl question. Paul, your faith hus brought yoti to absolute penury und fiioudlossness. "What is your estimate of , it now ? Thoory is one thing, but does practico hear it out f Tho sen looks smooth, but seafaring is . > i — T" : "«» r ' y s .n '.4. . ' : pieaganterto? talK :,of 1 than to prootise. Tbo ' ; embarking was a fine spectacle, but what think you of a sea voyage when the storm rages? How now, Paul? ""Well," saith be, ""I _ confess I have suffered the loss of oil things." And do you regret it, Paul? "Regret it!" saith he, "regret the loss of my Pharisaism, my circumcision, my Israclitisli dignity? Regret it ! No," lie says, " I am glad that ail tlieso are gone, for I count it a deliverance to ho rid oftliem." Tho apostlo says that in order to win Christ and to be found in Him lie flung tlio whole cargo of his beloved confidences over, and was as glad to get rid of them ns if they were only so muoli dung. This ho did to win Christ, and that fact snggests another picture : Suppose an English warship of the olden tiinos is cruising the ocean, nnd sho spies a Spanish galleon in tho distance, laden _ with gold from the Indies. Captain nnd men nro determined to .overtake and capture her, for thoy have u relish for prizo money : but their vessel sails heavily. What then? If she will not move bccauso of lier load, thoy fling into the sea everything they can lay their hands on, knowing that if thoy ciin capture tho Spanish vessel tlio booty will make amends for aU tiioy lose and vastly more. Do you wonder at their eagerness to lose tho little to gain tiio great, ? Sailor, why east ovor- bonrd those usoful things ? " Oh," says lie, " they . aro nothing compared with that ' prize ' over yonder. If - we can . but get side by side and board her, we will soon make up for. all that we now throw into tho sea." And so it is witli tho man who is in . earnest to win Ohrist and to' ho found in Him. - Overboard go circumcision and Phari saism, mul tits binmolessncss touching tho law, and all that, for ho knows that he will And a. hotter righteousness in Ohrist than any ' whioli lin foregoes ; yea, find everything in Ohrist wiiicli lie now, for his Lord's sake, coiints hut as tlio slag of the furnace. 2\. Our own calculations. First, do we join ; iu Paul's earliest estimate ? At the outset of liis spiritual life ho saw, all his own natural advantages and excellences, and lie counted tiiem loss for Ohrist. Every true Christian here remembers the time when ha also counted all wherein he bad formerly trusted to be of no value whatever, and betook himself to Jesus. But perhaps I speak to some who liavo nover done so. You are at this time, my friend, still confident that on the whole you nover did anybody any harm ; that your life has boeni- amihblo ami upright. ; that yon havo been : just, charitable, and kind ; and that all this certainly qualifies you for heaven. You count your natural virtues to he groat gains. I spoke hut tliroo days ago to an old peasant, more than eighty, and when ho told me of his groat age, I said, " I liopo that when you dio you will go/ to Heaven." "Ah, muster," says he, "I novor did any thing why I should go any wlioro else." There are multitudes who beliovo that creed ; they do not. speak it out quito so plainly as tho aged peasant did, but they mean it all tiio same. All, dear friends, you must bo brought out of that delusion, and all theso moral excellences nnd virtues must bo loss to you that Christ's righteousness may bo your only tain. May tlie Holy Spirit tench you this . istasteful truth. I wish your heart would sing— " No more, my God ; I boast no moro Of- all the duties I linvo done ; - I quit the hopes I held before, ' To trust tho merits of Thy Son." —Secondly. Beloved, if Christ bo so t(» : yon that all things else in comparison to Hiin are dross nnd dung, do you want Him for your children ? Do you not desire Him for your friends ? Do yon not wish all your kinsfolk to liavo Him ? Whntovor a man values for himself, lie values for others: You want your hoy to follow your trade if you believe it to lie a very good one. You desire to see yonr children well placed in life ; bnt what, position ill life can be equal to being found in Ohrist ? anil what winnings under lionven can ho ' compared with winning Ohrist ? You may judge your own sincerity by tho measure of your desiro for tiio Balvation of others ; and I earnestly entreat you ho not baokwurd to tell to others tlio excellency of tho know ledge of Christ Jesus your Lord, and be ' not slow to impress upon thorn the abso lute necessity of being found in Him. Loathe tlio idea of having a righteousness of your own, hnt grasp with all your faith the righteousness of Jesus Christ. I com mend to you Christinna that you givo your whole selves to Christ — that from this day forward ye servo him, spirit, soul, and body ; for, after nil, there is nothing worth living for, nothing worth even giving a singlo tour for if you lose it, nor worth n smile if you gain it, save only that whioli comes from Christ, and nan he used for Ohrist, and is ; found in Christ. Christ is all in all. May ! Ho he so to you I Amen. ( 