CLiMPSES OF SHADOWLAND THE LAND OF GHOSTS. STORT ABOUT A SUPERNATURAL WARNING. WHT GHOSTS WALK, IF EVER THEY DO. , It has long been a popular belief that the soul does not leave the body until several minutes after apparent death, and that it finally takes its departure through the mouth in the shape of a little white cloud. The supposed escape of the soul in this way gave rise to -the idea that the vital principle-might be transferred from one person to another. Witches on their beathbeds selected a trusty successor, and breathing into her mouth, transmitted with their last breath the familiar sririt. Xhe presence of pigeon or game feathers is supposed to be a hindrance to the exit of the soul. In England a Sussex nurse once told the wife of a clergyman that she never did see any one die so hard Master Short. She thought there must be game feathers in the bed. So she tried to pull it from under him, but he was a heavy "man, and she could not manage it alone, and there was none with him but herself, and so got a rope and tied it around him, and pulled him right off the bed, and he "went oft in a minute quite comfortable, just like a lamb." There is also a Hindoo and Mahommedan belief that no one can die peaceably except when laid in mother earth. In India the dying are always taken from their bed and laid upon Uie ground. Among seafaring men on the east coast of England it is delieved that the soul takes its departure during the falling of the tide. Much weeping for the dead is said to disturb the peace of the souL A German song tells how a sister wept incessantly over her brother's grave. At last her tears became intolerable to the deceased, because he was detained earth by her excessive weeping, and suffered thereby great torment. In a fit of desperation be cursed her, and in consequence of his malediction she was changed into a. cuckoo, so that she might always lament for herself. People who believe in the re-appearance of'/disembodied spirits find great difficulty .in agreeing upon the weight and substance of apparitions. Most agree that the spirit retains the same bodily appearance as it had when in the flesh, -'immediately prior to death. Modern spiritualists put the weight down at three ounces. It is difficult, however, to reconcile' the vaporous shape and intangible form with the heavy tread which occasionally makes stairs creak and boards resound. Just as souls are possessed of visible forms so they are generally supposed to have, voices though less audible than when In lifeJ The Algonquin Indians of North America profess to hear the 'shadow souls of the dead chirp like crickets. ; . ^ Appearances immediately after -deatfi, in action, to friends at a distance are among the best authenticated of supernatural appearances. Captain G. F. Kussell COlt, of Gajitsherrie. Coatbridge, .Scotland, is authority for tie following: "I was at home in Inveresk House, In Hid-Lolnian, for my holidays. My brother Oliver who was lieutenant in the Seventh- Hoyal Fusiliers, and about 19 years cf age, was then before Sevastopol. He had been waiting in low ispirits, not .being well, and Z, to cheer him up, l jokmgly wrote that if anything happened to him he must let me. know by appearing to me in my room, where we had E i often Eat together as boys, and indulged d in pipe and chat. This letter I found h subsequently he had received, just prior h to going into the intpenchments, from m which he never returned. It was the 8th s September .3£55, ,at the storming of the Redan, ih&tiie; fell, struck by a bullet In the itempleL. be 'was 'found afterward propped tigpy&ifter; dead bodies in a sort of kneeling posltion. "That "night awoke suddenly and .saw, facing the window ol my room," by; my bedside, surrounded by a light sort of phosphorescent mist, as it were, my e e o i s l w o brother kneeling. I tried to speak, buj. could not utter a sound. By degrees, as- I recovered from my astonishment, I decided it must be a fancy, and the moonlight playing on a towel or something out of place. But lopking up, there he was" again, looking imploringly and sadly at me- I sprang out of bed and glanced, through the window, and saw that there. was no moon, and it was very dark and* raining hard. This 1 could -tell by the sound against the panes. I turned andi - still saw Oliver. I shut my eyes -and.-- walked to the door of my room. As I turned the handle before leaving I look- - ed back once mort The apparition turned his head slowly, and looked anxiously and lovingly at me, and I saw then for the first time, on the right temple, a" wound with a red stream flowing from: it His face was a waxy, pale tint, but transparent looking; so was the reddishmark. But it is almost impossible to de-. scribe his appearance. I only know that I shall never forget it. "I left the room and went into a. friend'sroom and lay on the sofa the rest of the night. I told him why: I told oth-. ers in the house, but when I tela my father he tjeld me not to repeat such nonsense, and especially not to let my mother know. "On the Monday following the news came of the storming of the Redan, but no particulars. I told my friend to let me know if he saw Oliver's: name among the killed and wounded before I did. About a fortnight later he came with a very grave face into my room in my mother's .house in Athole Crescent in Edinburgh. I said, " I suppose it is to tell me the saddest news I' expect?' and he said -Yes.' Both the Colonel of the regiment and one or two officers who saw the body confirmed the fact of the appearance as much as I had described it.and the death wound was exactly where I had seen it." Well authenticated cases where people have been warned of their coming death by spirit appearances are innumerable. Such, for instance, is the celebrated Lyttleton ghost story. Among this class the following is remarkable:— Dr. W. and Mr P-, both clergymen and graduates of Oxford, had been close friends during their university career. About the year 1S15 Dr. W. had an extraordinary dream, or vision. It was in November, and he was in x-esidence incollege. • He had seen his friend P."s face, pale and suffused with pain. He awoke with, a suffocating feeling, but soon went to sleep again. He then dreamed that Mr P. appeared once more to him, with Ms features drawn, his eyes glazed and very, wide open, with an expression of deep fear on his countenance, and that P exclaimed several -times:—"W„ they are burying me! W., they are burying me!" So deep was the impression made upon him that he resolved to ride over to Mr P.'s rectory the following day. Pressing work, however, kept him from doing so, and in due course he went to bed and arose as usual the next morning. After breakfast as he was sitting by the fire, he heard a tap at the door. Thinking it was his servant he called out, "Come in," without looking around, and continued reading. He heard, as he believed, the door open the next minute. P.'s familiar voice whispered in his ear, '*\v., they are burying me!" Starting up he found the door shut and no one in the room. Greatly perplexed and alarmed, he sent for his horse and rode at once to •his friend's residence. As he neared the house he noticed a plumed hearse and pair of horses standing on the gravel before the front door. i On inquring of the servants, Dr. W. found that his old friend was in fact dead, and that the coffin had been finally screwed down. Stooping down, however, to kiss his forehead, he at once noticed the absence of that peculiar and unmistakable odor which distinguishes the death chamber. He then put his ear to the body's breast and lips, and exclaimed:— "Surely he breathes; this is not death; it is a trance. P., do you hear me?" There was at once a slight—a very slight—paroxysm visible at one corner of the mouth; at least, so it seemed to him. Dr. W. peremptorily forbade the funeral, and, after some discussion with the relatives, the body was taken from, the coffin and placed in a bed. Restoratives were applied, and, though the trance lasted for three days, within a week of Dr. W.'s visit Mr P. had regained consciousness, and lived for nine years afterward. Ali sorts of reasons have been given why ghosts wander. Among the Greeks it was believed that unless the corpse had the necessary fee to pay Charon for being ferried over the River Styx, it was condemned to wander about the banks of the river for 100 years. In later times it was usually deemed to be lack of Christian burial, or the result of wickedness when on earth, as in the case of the German ghost known as the bleeding nun. This was a nun, who, after committing many crimes and debaucheries, was assassinated by one of her paramours and denied the right of burial. After this she used to haunt the castle where she was murdered, with her bleeding wounds. On one occasion a' young lady of the castle, willing to escape with her lover, in ordertomakeher flight easier, impersonated the bleeding nun. Unfortunately the lover, while expecting the lady under this disguięe, eloped with the spectre herself and was haunted by her ever afterward. On the other hand, the spirits of the good are said to return sometimes for the purpose of aiding the innocent or avenging the guilty. Then again there is the well-known Beresford ghost tale, in which Lord Tyrone and Miss Blank figure as the principals. They were orphans and eduaated together in the principles - of deism.. When they were about 14 years eld their preceptor died, and their new guardian .tried to persude them to embrance revealed religion. JThe boy and girl stuck to deism, but they made a compact that he or she who died first should appear to the survivor to declare what religion was most approved by the Supreme Being. Miss Blank married St. Martin Beresford. One day she appeared at breakfast with a pale face and a black band around her wrist. On her death-bed she explained how Lord" Tyrone had appeared to her Immediately after liis death .and correctly prophesied her.future; how he had also touched her wrist—his hand being as cold as marble —and caused "the sinews to shrink up and" every nerve wither. The ribbon is still in the possession of the Beresford family, every member of which to the present hour will attest the truth-of the narration. Different explanations of these appearances have been put forward from time' to time. De. Hammond, in his work on "łieryous Derangement," cites the folowing,case;—"A lady of highly nervous temperament one day, intently thinkng of her mother and picturing to her- her appearance as she looked when for church, happening to raise er eyes, say her mother standing before clothed as -she imagined. In a Yew the apparition disappeared, but soon found that she had the ability to recall it at will, and that the power xisted In regard to many other forms; ven those of animals and of Inanimate bjects. She* could. thus: produce . tkeraage of any person on whom. = she trongly concentrated her thoughts. At ast she lost control of.the operation, and as constantly-subject to haShicłnationat tight and bearing. .-• 