THE-GHOST OF SEA VALE. " To be let or sold. A well-furnished 12-room cottage. Lovely scenery, close to Bea. Good fishing. Low rent. Apply Agent, Sea Tale, Somerset." The above advertisement, in a London paper, was the talisman which drew ns to Sea Yale, a quiet watering place on the Bristol Channel. My father, a retired naval officer, hated town life ; but we had lived in London foi* the sähe of the boys. Their educa- tion was now completed, and all being well out of hand, there remained no hindrance to my father's modest ambi- tion for life in t! ^va'otvy, with a bit of fishing to while i^*f£' the time. The Knoll was a low irregularly built . house, ivy clad, and nestling at the foot of a larch-crowned hill, the slopes of .which were ^clothed with mossy turf, \- jewelled with sweet wild thyme, pink sea thrift, .dainty harebells and golden trefoil. In front of the house was-a large garden overflowing with fruit and flowers _ growing with little regard to order, but presenting a beautiful whole to lovers of old_ fashioned -gardening. Great bush roses, glowing with masses.of bloom, sweet williams in endless variety, pinks, larkspurs, and quaint faced pansies grew side by-side with fruit trees and \- vegetables. About a mile beyond the garden lay the channel, of which there wat; an unbroken view from every win ? dov. The inside of the house proved exceed- ingly comfortable, although the entrance was somewhat mean, there being only a email ball, with the foot of the stairs close to the door on one side, and a long, narrow window, on the other. This was exactly opposite the dining-room door, which room was of rather unique shape, having an alcove facing the door. Had the alcove been at either end of the room it would have given length, but so placed it seemed meaningless and use- less, except for the purpose of keeping out of the way a high, cumbersome, antique cabinet, which otherwise would have greatly trespassed on the very limited space. TÍ The Knoll was the property of a Mrs. ; Marsh, but she had not cared to Uve i nhere since the death of -her husband ; five yeal« ago. J ; The absurdly low rent and tho dis- covery that the Knoll - had chaiigei FC tenants nine times" within, five years, .-.mademy father dubious whether this tseemingly charming ha ven of rest might not prove defective in the matter of \- drainB or water Bupply. But he decided to take it for six months with the option í of purchase at the end of that tune. J-v We went in at midsummer, and by ^Christmas were so well satisfied that we feS&d; fallen upon a bargain, such as we limers scarcely likely to again meet an ,¿ jequal, that my father was about making ¡¿ arrangements for purchasing, when an incident occurred which altered our' \- desire to possess this picturesque X cottage. "It was Christmas Eve. All my ' ? brothers were expected borne by the last . "train. I and my sister, Madge, were Ïutting up evergreens in the hall, larkuess fell upon us before we had completed our task, but the lamp and .firelight streaming from the open door : of the dinning-room (where Hannah, our \- one domestic, was laying the table in readiness for'the tra vellers) was quite : sufficient. Madge, who was on a step ladder, placing ivy over the window. -VBuddealy SaTe a piercing shriek, and .fejell in a heap on the floor, covering her ; eyes as though to shut out some fearful ??' leight. Hannah rushed out the dhiing »oom, and in so doing closed the door r : after her, which added to the confusion -: .until my father came running downstairs * with a light. "What upon earth is the matter ?" he «xclaimed, as Madge, springing up, V threw herself into his arms and Duried % her face on his shoulder. " Ob, father," she cried, "I saw a |-4veadful old man at the window. He pjoqked as if he were dead. Is he there f »ow ?" and she shuddered as she clung to him. . My father opened the front door, but if Slothing could he see but the laurel bush <-.3which grew close under the window. ? " There is no one there. You are ^overtired, Madge," he said, 'somewhat SÍ-eternTy., " Hannah, take aU this rubbish ?\»way -giving the holly a kick as it lay «*;<on the floor-and he led Madge off into i- the dining-room and poured'ner out a glass of wine, but she could not be. con- vinced that it was her nerves that were > ' at fault. N ;.- ' . "Would you mind, staying with me, Miss Hanley, while I clear up the holly ?" S «aid Hannah. - « - "Wiiy,Hannah?"I laughed. "Surely gïjou JU?enot afraid of "the man afc the ÇïirîriàowF*; :_v ? '?,: ¡gí-TR*' Ï am, missj" she returned in a p flogged wavv "ana you must pMsa get g^ômeone else as- soon aa' you can. I p%irsn*t stay here "now that Miss Madge IpiàB seen old Marali." " ^r'lOld Marsh! What do you mean ?" v " Why, it was'im, miss, sure enough, ^aB:Miss Madge saw. I was told when I *':^eatne here that Í should never stay 1 ii' because of old Marsh's ghost. But I . didn't believe in ghosts then, and said : il'drisk seem,' him anyway; but you see, U;*ÎÏ8S, it is true.enough." rh *'I really do not understand .vpn. V .Hannab. Who Md Marah ¡>" - * i **£ -'" ? - - ? "Why, Mrs. Marsh's husband, miss. He committed suicide out in the garden there. That is why Mi«. Marsh cannot bear this place. They say old Marah comes and looks in at the hall window. He looks just as he did when in his coffin. I dave not live here, miss, so please tate a month's notice." " Really, Hannah, I am astonished that a woman of your age and sense should believe 60 impossible a story. I suppose you have been telling Miss Madge this absurd rumour " " No, indeed, miss, I have not. I pro- mised Mr. Small, the agent, I wouldn't tell why the other people left, and I shouldn't have said a word now if old Marah hadn't come back." The arrival of the boys dismissed for the time all thought of old Marsh, although Madge was so timid in passing the hall window at night that I was care- ful to sss that the blind was drawn at dark. The isolated position of the house bad hitherto made thl3 seem unnecessary. My father and the boys treated her alarm and Hannah's determination to leave as a huge joke, until one night when I had forgotten to draw the blind, Bernard, my youngest brother,, went from the drawing-room;1 where we -all were, to fetch something from the dining-room. " , "Father," he called, "conie ^ here quickly." The sharp ring, of terror or pain-we could not tell wlricV-in his voice made us all follow my father into the hall. "Look," cried Barnard, who, with blanched face, stood midway between the dining room and the ball window ; " is that old Marah r" There sure enough, in tbs upper part, of the window, we all could distinctly see the head and shoulders of an old man. The features set, the eyelids closed, as if in the awful stillness of death. In life it could not have been other than an unpleasing face, but with the seal of death adding to its coldness and hardness it appeared positively hideous/ *' This must be a cleverly played trick," said my father, going close up to the glass and peering out. But the cold, still face sesmèd to mock him, for there it was in shadowy outline against the , laurels. He and the boys searched around the j bushes, but nothing could they see or hear save the soughing of the windand the murmur of the distant, sea. Hour after hour weL kept going out iuto the hall to see if the shadowy-form of the old man was still theres Te3, there it was, and its very immovableness added to its bombie fascination. - It was long after midnight' before we could be per- suaded to disperse, although father, upon his return from putting out the lights in the dining room, thankfully informed us that the horrid face had' disappeared. "I will fathom this to-morrow," said he, "or.else we will go out of the house at once. I will see the agent and hear what be has to say about this cock-and bull story Hannah tells." Accordingly next day he went to Sea Tale. The agent allowed that it was reported that The Knoll was haunted, but, said he, " That, sir, is easily accounted for, because of Mr. Marsh destroying himself in the garden facing the house. People are always ready to declare a place haunted that bas been the scene of a suicide or murder." " Quite so," agreed my father. " I am no believer in ghosts, but the fact re- mains that my daughter, a fortnight ago, saw the head and shoulders of an old man, apparently dead; and we all saw the same face last night through the window. On no account shall I remain lat The Knoll unless the affair is; cleared up. Will you spend an evening" with us F Should the face again appear you" will at least be able to tell us if it resembles the late Mtv Marsh." "Willingly the agent acquiesced; but though he came for a whole week nothing was seen of the apparition. That, the man thought us little less than idiots -we were well aware. "I think, sir;' said he one evening when he rose to go, " you will allow tbat it is useless my coming out here night after night." " It doeB seem like it," returned my father, " but come until the end of this week." At this moment Hannah burst into the room without ceremony, crying, " Old Marsh ! sri-, old Marsh !* Quickly we went into the hall, and again were confronted by the cold, j shadowy form of the dead man. The agent took one glance, and putting up ! his arms to ward off the dreadful sight, exclaimed in hushed, horrified tones : " It is he, sir, it is Mr. Marsh !" Explanation there was none. Sleep in that house another night not one of us would. Late though it was; we waited into Sea Tale and took, rooms until such j time as we could remove our belongings, j The agent refused to again undertake ] the letting of-The^holl. Hewrpfe'Mrs. Marsh a full account of'whait he had himself witnessed. The following day brought him a letter from Mrs. Marsh, who commenced by : expressing her , thankf ulness to haye.at last discovered the reason why she could keep a tenant. Having, no portrait of ber husband she had a cast, taken after death, and a bust executed by a well known sculptor. This bust she felt sure was not a thing strangers would care to have about. Therefore when she let The Knoll furnished, it was placed on the top of the oak cabinet facing the dining room door. That it . was the reflection of this bust thrown upon the; hall window she had but little doubt. :Sbe requested the agent to. ask my lither to go to The Knoll and 6ee for himself. We went that night in a body. Nothing could be seen of the bust from the floor, but upon climbing to the top of the step ladder there it was, pushed ? far back against the wall in the hollowed arch of the alcove. We lighted the lamps and went into the ball. There, as hefore, was the face that had so alarmed us and previous tenants. Upon closing the door it, of coarse, instantly vanished. We are still living at our beautiful cottage, and we often congratulate our- selves upon the fortunate discovery of an optical illusion, which, upon the re- moval of the bust, happily freed us from the preseucs of " The Man at the Window."-London Dramaiib News. 