LADY TREVOR. CHAPTER II. IN accordance with his expressed intention, Lord Glenham called at the Zorlitz parsonage upon the day subsequent to that on which had occurred the accident we have narrated, and inquired anxiously after the health of Miss Rosse. He was accompanied by his friend, Maldred Crafton, and old Gretchen, after informing them that her young mistress would see them, ushered them into the Herr Pastor's study and presence. Herr Brocken arose from his easy-chair and the persusal of a musty old tome to receive them. He was about seventy years of age, venerable of aspect, with long, thin, bleached hair, a long, gray beard, his eyes concealed by spectacles, his mild, benignant counten ance wearing an absent look, his entire appearance indicating the scholar and book worm. Toe young earl introduced himself and his companion. The pastor had heard the story of the accident, and received his lordship's fervent regrets and apologies with kindness, declaring that the wound Cecil had received was not serious in itself, and had been so 'w'ell and promptly treated that no darngerous consequences would result from it. ' Miss Rosse is your niece, I think sh'e said, Mein Herr,' said Crafton pleasantly, his hard black eyes studying the old bookworm intently. ' She looks like an English young lady, and not at all German. And she speaks English, I notice, like an English. woman. Her name, too might be English. Pardon me, my curiosity is quite piqued at finding a young lady of her distinguished appearance and remarkable beauty in a little forest hamlet like this !' The pastor's face clouded. : He said, briefly, as if he preferred not to pursue the subject: ' Cecil's father was an Englishmen. Ah,' he added, with a sigh of relief, ' here. comes Cecil herself !' The door opened and the girl came in with a gliding step and a pecular grace that might have befitted a princess. The young men both arose, and she greeted them with a kindling flush, yet with a quiet self-possess;on that charmed them.. They had noticed on the previous day that she was attired differently from the peasant maidens of Zorlitz. Upon this morning she wore a simple white gowin, which clung to her slim shape in soft folds, unbroken by ruffle or tuck A frill of lace rose about her throat, and frills of lace fell over her small hands. A rose fresh from the garden served as a brooch, and her red-brown hair crinkled in masses from her forehead, falling over her shoulders in ripples that glittered like gold in a stray beam of sun shine. The impression she had made upon the two young men on the previous day was strengthened and quickened into vivid pas sion during this second interview. When they went away the resolve of each of the two men to eoo, and if possible to win, Cecil Rosse had become the purpose of their lives. They settled themselves comfortably at Zorlitz, hunted in the fores', and visited the parsonage daily; Absorbed in his books, the Herr Pastor paid little heed to the visitors whom Cecil 'entertained. June deepened into July, and August came.and went, and still the Englishmen lingered at Zorlitz. INo one but sharp-eyed old' Gretchen su'pected that they were the lovers of 'little Cecti,' whem : he villagers regarded as little more than a child. No one but old Gretchen saw the change in her young mistress, but she rightly interpreted the restlessness,' char ge fulness, and capriciousness of Cecil as indi cating a disturbed heart. 'She loves the English lord,' the old woman said to herself, well contented. 'And he loves her. The Herr Pastor is failing, no one can see it but I, but when bhe dies the little fraulein will have a grand home and a protector, and will not be driven to earn her own living, as I have often feared.' During these months at Zorlitz, Crafton had made inquiries among the'villagers cnn-: cerning the. parentage of Cecil Rosse. He had once or twice spoken upon the subject to Heir Brocken, who had evaded his ques tions, and this evasion bad convinced him that there was somte mys'ery about the girl''i origin, but none of the peasants could or would enlighten him. 'It was plain to Crafton that'ilt?,gieng earl, with"hbis blonde beauty, was the (aviuj~.i lover of Cecil, but this conviction was hitjtAd means agreeable to him. Meeting the beautiful girl daily Craefon also had become enamoured of her, and was filled with envy and jealousy of hbts companion. 'I shall win her,' he said to 'himselfi' grimly. 'I can work and wait. In spite iof any obstacle in my path, in spite of Glenham's beauty, rank, and wealth, in soite of the fact even that the girl loves him and dislikes me, I will win her. I devote myself, mind ard body, heart and soul, to the task, but if I" should fail-as I shall not-I would utterly destroy the girl before any other should pos sess her.' The hard, evil lo k in his eyes att.stgd to the truthfulness of.iths declaration. It ,as now the last w':(k in .August. One morning;, " as the two ,yorne .oen, wondered togetheiitn .fo.rest, :rifles on shoulder, Crafton said, carelessly: 'We've leen here nearly 'thre.' months, Glenham, How time fies! Flave you thught of your eogngement for 'S?ptem' e ? You, tememer; th'atj'4,bu! ,ro.tiit'd fjiI dozen guests to spend t rb ithao'isbhtf t . 'ox in. the Scottish Higblands?'" ' 'I remember, Crafton,' although I had nearly forgotten it.' , 'We must go home at once,'tsaid Crafton, '"If yod would not insult your invited guests, and mortally offend the most magnificent and the wealthiest woman in England. I mean Lady Trevor, of course. Thie charm ing widow is to spend Serstemher on her own Highland estate, arjoining your own, and her castle is to be filled wit!, guests. You're a lucky f loa, Glenham. Ifancy that Lady T'revor would not object changing her name to Lady Glenham'. :. ' That i )'i6 ?rfancy, Craftone, rnothing moire, irepliedtih''e tart redderiing. I admire::' lady: T'revor every one :admniires her';bui, as.v yoi? ell klbnow, I have never dream:.ed ojf love' or marriage: until :now. P, thaps: you arej.alous?' he adde?e;rtiiling. I remember.thati you alwiays admired Lady Trivor' ' But lnore partictiarly eer forlune. I am reputed, to be 'ealhy, ,but ·sher, ih?s.the veiitableidross,' Glnilriaiil,, sud liI h~ad ll ,ghost of. a ?cliice with ,?brvjd .iight.---I Craftoridid not'fln?h hib e?,ien'e . The leadiiig chiaactt;eisic of bris nature was his avarice. For wvealth and a brilliant marriage' with'one like. Lady.Trevor. he :flt, at that instan' that h'be rigliht Le wrilling tf relincijish love. He put the thought frorm ';him. horwl ever, as be recalled the image of the beautifu girl. SI think,' said Lord Glenham, ' that I will go on to the village, and leave my ripe, and change-my ?unting-suit, and th~bn visit the parsonoge.' His look de.clared his purpose,' 'You will go'on matrimonial thoughts intent?' Well, good luck go \vith you, Glenoham: you'll esucceed, 4n English earl, with a pedigree tracing back beyond the days of the Conqueror, with a rent-roll of twenty thousand a year, handsome, and all that sort of Ibirig, don't stand much chance of reftisal from a little half-German girl, poor as poverty, and only a Lutheran pastor's niece'!' There was a bitterness in this asse'tion that Lord .Glenham scarcely perceived in his annoyance. ' If Miss Rosse should accept me as her future husband, Crafton,' he said, gravely, 'she will do so through no consideration of my possessions-that I know. He moved on with a rapid step, vanishing down the path leading to the village. Crafton wheeled about abruptly, and made his way by a short cut to the parsonage. Leaving his rifle outside, he sought the Herr Pastor in his study. Herr Brocken arose wearily, betraying a physical weakness that a more observant person must have noticed. ' Atope, sir ?' asked the pastor. SYes, alone,' replied Crafton, smiling. ' Myfriend will be here presently upon a most'ithportant errand. You can guess it, perhaps ?' :Not I,' said the scholar, looking puzzled. 'An inmpcrtant errand ?' ' Yes, Mein Herr,' said Crafton. ' He will nnotliki'ne to betray. him,,,yet you must have noticed his admiration for your beautiful niece. Lord Glenham desires tomarry Miss Rosse-' 'To marry her ? Why, she is but a child i 'She seems a child to you no doubt, butt Glenham loves her and believes that she loves him !' The old scholar looked bewildered. He passed his hand over his forehead, and re peated Crafton's words without appearing to understand them. 'Lord Glenham comes of an ancient family, noted for its wealth and its pride,' remarked Crafton, with the air of a mediator. ' He will be a grand match for your niece, Herr Pastor. The Glenhams have all wedded rank and wealth, and my friend will he the first of his name who has wedded beneath him.' For, of course, Herr Brocken, good as your family undoubtedly is, it is no match for Glenham's. With his lordship's intense pride, I hope he will never regret a marriage beneath him.' ,,.:be;,pastor pushed his scanty and long locks away from his forehead with a trembling hand. SI thank you: for your forewarning, Mr. Crafton,' he said, 'This takes me quite by surprise. I know not what to say. If you will seek Cecil for a little while I will try to command my thoughts.' Crafton bowed assent, and sought Cecil in her own pretty sitting-room, which opened upon the garden. A little latter he took his leave. He had scarcely departed when Lord Glenharn made his appearance, and was shown by old Gretchen, in obedience to his request, into the pastor's study. The young earl, in a manly and straight. forward manner, declared to her guardian his love for Cecil Rdsse, and asked permis sion to address her as her suitor. ' My lord,' said the old scholar, ' Cecil is not your equal in rank. The marriage is not suitable. She is but a child-far too young to marry,' 'She is my equal, Herr Pastor-more than my equal,' exclaimed Lord Glenham. ' What .ar the idle distinctions of rank in a' case like this ? She is a lady born and bred. Your family, Herr Brocken, as I have heard you say, is good and honourable. What more can I ask than that my wife should come 'from such a family? As to her age; that fault will remedy itself with time. 1 love her, Herr Pastor-' 'Pardon,'cried the old pastor, raising his shaking hand. 'I had n t thought to con. fess, but you must know Cecil is not my niece-' ' Not your niece ?' 'She is of English parentage. Can jyou not guess the truth? She was sent here to be hidden from the world.' There was a brief silence. Then Lord :Glenham asked, in a low, pained voice: 'Who were her parents?' 'I do not know I' 'Is Cecil Rosse her real name?' 'No, my lord. Listen. My wife had been a,governess, and had had the care of children, whom she dearly loved. But after our marriage, after we had settled here, no children ca-ne to us' and the good wife pined for lhe stund of.,baby voices, the clinging (if (babya'rms' ,And: then it was that Providence sint'Cecil to us, One rainy night iritautunio fourteen years ago, a travelling carriage drew up before the lighted window of our parson-. age, and a man came in bringing a little child io.his arms. The man was English, evidently of the. rank of gentleman. The child was three years old, a beautiful little angel, who put out her arms to my wife and nesiled in her bosom. Then the man told us that the child had no name, nor relatives, no place in the world, and that he wanted her brought up a simple peasant, and that he would pay a certain sum every year for her support if we would keep her. The good wife beeged my consent, and the man went away and left the little one.' 'What was the man's name?' ' He did not give it,' said the pastor, itimlpii. ''He did: not stop in the village. No one saw him come "r go. He was not in may house ten minutes.' 'And the child's name ?' 'She called herself ' Pet.' She knew no other name, and whether that was a term of; carressine, or the diminutive po some English name, we did not know. So mi wife named, her Cecil Rosse, after the first pupil the good frau taught. The history is simple, my lord. You know it all. ' Has that man ever visited you since?' 'Never, But once a year comes a' little packet of money from the London post-office, without any word. My poor, proud Cecil ] For hea is very proud, my lord, this little; nameless girl.' 'Does Cecil know her history ?. 'No! I 'save not dared yet to tell her,' ' Then keep it a secret s'ill from her. . She must never know it. And give her to me, Msin.Herr, if she will marry me, and:let me guard and protect her' ~' You are generous, my lord,:byt-ftisican. not yet be. You shall not marry herri.on a generous impulse. Besides, she is too young. Go'baik to your own country for one year, leave her to me, and if, another summer, you still love Cecil, come and claim ber. But now you must'not speak to her of love. She is but a child, she is only seventeen.' .; Lord Glerham argued the point with all the energy and ardor of a passionate lover, but the gentle old bookworm was inflexible. The good pastor felt that be had i'iglhon his 'side Cecil was too young to mar'y. The easl should have time to consider the wisdom of his purpose, and Lord Glenhbam was.forced to acquiesce in his decision. Cecil was called in, and the earl. took leave of her in her guardian's presence. His lordship's tongue was silenced upon. the subject of love, but his eyes told the tale his lips had been forbidden to utter, and the gill's soul thiilled under his worshiping gang. ' I am going away, pecil,' said hif lordship, wjth a tenderness he coqld not repress. ', am going home to England, but I shall return next summer. Good-bye, Cecil, good bye, my darling 1' Th'e sorow in! her sweet eyes robbed hiit of his self-control, He caught her to his breast and showered kisses on her pure young face in an irrepressible agitation, Then, gently putting her from him, be wrung the pasto's hand and dashed from the house. An hour later, Lord Glenham and Maldred Crafton left Zerlitz ori.their way to England, the latter promising to himself a speedy and recret return. That evening, as the good old pastor sat alone in his study, meditating upon the great event of the day, a sidden misgiving came to him, and be asked himself if he had indeed done wisely in sending away Cecil's lover. ' If I were to die, what would become of her?' he asked himself. 'And yet, how could I take advantage of his lordship's generous love and permit him to marry a girl rf unknown origin without having had time to consider the matter soberly, and removed from the glamour of her presence. A year will soon pass. If then he still wishes to marry her, I will be willing. But yet, my mind misgives me-what may not happen in a year?' The door opened and old Gretchen came in, bearing in one hand a lighted candle, in the other a small packet upon which was impressed the London postmark. The annual sum of money sent for Cecil's support by her unknown guardian had arrived. Thepastor tore open the packet as soon as Gretchen had retired, Two En'glish banknotes fell upon his knee, and a folded sheet of 'paper, upon which he saw hand. writing, followed them. The old scholar started, recoiling, his gentle face' growing troubled and perplexed. ' A letter ?' he muttered. 'The first letter I ever received from Cecil's former guardian. What has he to say to me ? Doe- he intend to take the child from me? Is the long mystery of fourteen years to be cleared away at last ?'. CHAPTER III. ntERR BROCKEN unfolded the myaterious letter, a strange agitation quivering through all his nerves. He believed himself to stand upon the threshold of the solution of the strange mystery of Cecil's origin. A blur obscured his vision. He removed his spec tacles and wiped them with a trembling hand. Then he spread out the sheet of paper, his eager old eyes fairly devouring its contents. The letter, as he noticed after reading it, was written upon plain white paoer, without water- mark or imprint of any sort whatever. The hand.writing was coarse, and slanted backwards, with evident attempt at disguise. There was no date to the letter, which was as follows : "HERR BROCKTEN: It is now fourteen years since I left with you the little nameless child whom you agreed to bring up, ahndin all that time I have never written a line to you, nor have I heard from you'directly, but I am aware that the child is, unfortunately, still alive. I have remitted regularly to you for her support the sum of fifty pounds per annum. I remit that sum herewith, as usual, in Bank of England notes. As she is now about seventeen years dild, and quite able to make her own way, I shall not send any more money for her. As this is the first, it will also he the last communication you will ever receive from me, ' I suppose that she has been brought-up, in accordance with my instructions, as a German peasant girl. I suppose, also, that she is contented with her lot, since she has never known any other. If she should marry some wood-carver of your people, then my best wishes for her welfare will have been fulfilled. ' It is scarcely necessary for me to repeat what I told you fourteen years ago, that the girl:has no friends savesthose she may have made at Zrlitz; no relations; and 'the best she can-do for herself is to live and die in the obscurity of the Black Forest. My care and concern for her end herewith. Neither she nor you will ever hear from'me again.' There was no signature to this epistle. Herr Brocken read it over the second time and sighed. ' The unknown guardian washes his bands of Cecil,' he muttered. ''All connection belween the girl and her early past, is now completely severed. -She 'will never solve the mystery, will never-know ,her origin. .I almost wish .I had iiot sent Lord Glenbam away, and'Iet 1 could not do otherwise •cco ding td the traditions and usagesof the world, a girl like Cecil, hno matter how great her beauty, 'genius, and goodness, is no fitting' wife for a great lord.' , The ddor opened while his eyes were riveled on' the .pape,, and Cecil came in slowly, halfshsyly, her face paler than usual, her eyes red with weeping.. ' Waat is it, liebcbhen:?' asked the' pastor, 'tenderly, ' What troubles you:?' 'I amu lonely, uncle,' cried Cecil, wearily,: SHow tiresome the dear o:d parsonage. is I If we could only go away scm wliere ' : You miss the Englishmen, dear ? So do I,' said Herr Bkrocken, sorrowfully. ' Come, sit by me and we shall comfort each other.' Cecil approached him more swiftly, and sat on a stool at his knh e. And then her eyes rested :pon the open missive;. ' A letter, uncle l 'she exclainmed. ' Who can have written to you? Is it a last message from Lord Glenhiam ?' SThe pastor made a movment to put the letter in his desk, but changed his purlpose. 'My dear,' he said, ' you seem somehow les ~ofat.cbild to me' than usual tonight. IM. hbart is heavy and sore with arany burdens. ' Shall Ilay them upon )ouryodung shoulders ? ":The tender young face grew stronger at once, resolute and thoughtful, with a gravity and courage that touched the old scholar. '1 did not know that you were bearing secret burdens, uncle,' said Cecil. ' Let me 'belp-you, Do you need money ?'. SThe pastor glanced at the two banknotes on his desk. SNo, dear, it is not any tear of nuverty that troubles nie,' lie said gently. I feel strangely weak. 1 realize to.night that I: sin growing old: , I day not livnotI other year, and thete are things you ought to know. 'I' will tell theim 'to you nts. CeCil;' 'this: handsome English lord asked.me to-day for my consent to address you as yoatr 'uito.' The girl bltshed and paled, arid her eyes gloed waith a swift and azlin'g .splendlour. ' \hat did you say, ucle i?' she whispered, after a little pause. ' I bade himnt wait a year. 'I told him that you were too young to marry. ' Heloves me I He loves me 1' .Cec;lsaid to herself, spftly, her glorious youing beauty radian' as a star. 'And he is coming back. nest year ! Qh, uncle, I am thle happiest girl in all the worldl tosnight I' Tae old pastor sigbhea and stroked her red brown hair with a "sanakin' hand. ' H may never retirn, Cecil,' he said, very gravely. 'He loves you noo, but con aidgerations of worldly wisdom may deciJe him to setek a bril?? who is his Equal-' ' }ou allude to my being poor, uncle ?' 'hNot that alone,' said the old pastor, nerving hirmself to (tle task of telling Cecil the whole truth. Lord G:enhamn is rich, and would not care if his bride is poor. But he is proud, and when the first glamour, of passion shbuld be dissipated, he would reproach himself for having married a girl of no family-' ' Oh, uncle i' interrupted the girl, in loving reproach. 'You are not titled; you are no proud courtier; but you are of gentle blood, and your niece is the equal of even a proud English lord i' Herr Brocken wiped the perspiration from his forehead. 'I feel straegely weak:toinight,' he said, wearily. ' Who can tell what will happen ? It is time that you knew all, Cecil. Tell me, my child, have you never wondered that you look so little like me or the dear wife who was a mother to you ?' 'Why, no, uncle. My father was an Englishman-' ' Your mother, too, was English, for aught I know to the contrary. Chi!d cf my love and prayers, my darling, how can I tell you that not one drop of my blood flows in your veins ?' ' Uncle !' ' It is true. Do not look at me like that, Cecil. Why, is it such pain to know that I am not your uncle ?' 'Who,; then, am I?' asked the girl, wonderingly, with a white, bewildered face. 'I do not know. I 'do not even know your.real name or parentage !' ' Uncle l' repeated Cecil, involuntarily. S'It is true, dear. 'You are certainly of English birth, that is all I know. There is a mystery about you which will never be solved in this world, Cecil.' ' A mystery ? You do not know who I am?' cried the girl, in a quick, startled voice. ' How and where did you find me, uncle? And my name-is not that a clew to my parentage ?' TO BE CONTINUED 