IRE'LAND AND THE RECORD REIGN. The refusal of the City Corporation of Dublin to officially recognise in any way the record reign of the Queen has set an ex ample which the Irish representatives In the House of Commons seem inclined to follow. At n of tho Dlllnuitp sontinn of them held the other day a manifesto was adopted, and will probably be published, setting forth that the members will not join in tbe jubilee celebrations, as a protest against the wrongs which Ireland has suffer ed under British government. Although the motive which Inspired the Dublin City Cor poration in tbe action it has takeu has not been stated, it is probably the same. That the Irish members of Parliament are not al together sincere in their professed disap proval of the forthcoming rejoicings appears to be disclosed by the fact that a large number of them have applied for permission to occupy positions in front of the House of Commons from which they can enjoy the spectacular part of tiie proceedings. The reason for their churlish public attitude on the subject is probably a belief that political expediency requires that the shilling gallery of Irish discontent should be assiduously played to. That the Union which brought Ireland under government from Loudon has been in many respects an unhappy one, and the cause of bitter memories, few candid persons acquainted with its history and con sequences will deny. To people who, like those of our provinces, have at the first time of asking been granted autonomous govern ment so complete that the power of the Im perial Parliament to interfere in our affairs has hardly ever been felt, the political posi tion of the majority of those of Ireland would he unendurable. That tho inhabit ants of Ireland should demand fuller powers of self-rule is, therefore, perfectly compre hensible, and that they should feel aggrieved at the opposition against their reasonable claim is not to be wondered at But that much of the blame for the state of things which has prevailed for so long rests with themselves must be admitted. The worst enemy of practical political change of the kind demanded by a majority of the people of Ireland is the Irish orator or writer, who recounts and magnifies tlie wrongs iutlieted upon Ireland iu the past, and attributes them to enduring racial or religious hatred. There is such a tone of contempt of and hostility to England iu a great deal or the written and spoken propagandism of Home Bule as could hardly fail lo provoke answer ing hostility. As an example of this an ex tract may be given from an interview with Michael Davitl, published iu the "Mew York World." of April 4 last. Mr. Davitt said "there would never be another war between Great Britain aud America, as Great Britain bad been whipped three times, and she did not care to go to war with a country that used Gatling guns." This is sorry stuff for a leading Home Uule member of the House ol' Commons to talk, but it is, unfortunately, very like a great deal of tlie press and platform matter which Is employed by some of the advocates of Home Rule. 'The folly of such a course becomes obvious when it is recollected that to secure self-government for Ireland it is necessary to convince a majority of the voters of Great Britain of the justice of the claims advanced in its behalf. This cannot be done by raising a long procession of the ghosts of wrongs which stretches out to the horizon of dubious history before and since the Uniou, or by reviling or belittling Eng land and the English. What is wanted is reasonable statement of the political dis abilities under which Ireland suffers at the present time, and of the probable advan tages to both that country and the Imperial Government which would result from grant ing the remedy sought. This Mr. Parnel) saw clearly, aud iu applying himself solely | to current political issues and practical ques tions, brought Home ltule to the verge of ac complishment in a few years. It is in this field that tlie oiily work which will bring about the desired result can be done. The great Jn.|ss of persons having votes in Eng land, Scotland, and Wales must be brought to see that Home Rule can be granted to Ireland without Injustice or the probable dismemberment of the United Kingdom. The greatest difficulty yet to be overcome is The fear that the granting of this right or privilege would lead to separation, and the establishment of a state of domestic fric tion which would be injurious to the Em pire. Aud in such acts of purposeless aud ueedloss ungraciousness as those of the Dub lin City Corporation and the Dillouite mem bers this fear is strengthened. They will he interpreted as expressing hostility to tho Throne, inasmuch as 110 other Interpretation can reasonably be found. Whatever the wrongs Ireland has suffer ed during her reign, the Queen Is in no degree responsible tor them. The laws of that period have been mi'de aud unmade by a Parliament which is a machine iu millions of hands, every one of which ninv exercise some influence in the working of it. The forthcoming celebration is in its nature a matter of kindly personal congratu- lation in which those holding the most di verse political views can freely join with out to the smallest extent compromising their principles. Probably tlie most critical period, from an International point of view, in the strug gle between Greece and Turkey is now ap proaching. Tlie complete victory ail along the line won by tlie Tur kish forces, and tho probability tbnt if per mitted by tbe other Powers they could prac tically annihilate the Greeks, have apparent ly made the Sultan over bold in his asking. The war was entered upon in spile of n warning from tlie European Concert that whatever the result neither party to it would be aliow'ed to reap substantial benefit. Pre sumably this was not intended to mean that a claim for reasonable indemnity of tlie cost incurred would lie disallowed, but. it was generally interpreted as meaning that 110 re adjustment of territory should take place. More recently it has been announced on be half of the British Government that 110 re placement of Christian by Moslem govern ment would be tolerated. The claim of flO, 000, 000 made by Turkey Is regarded as monstrous, and such as Greece could not possibly pay, and is consequently looked upon as an attempt to establish a chief lien upon tlie kingdom aud make it in some de gree subject to Moslem rule. Not only this, but the direct cession to Turkey of the pro vince of Tliessaly is demanded, and at pre sent tlie indications arc that it will be in sisted upon. In flint case, it is believed at Athens, Great Britain will withdraw from the European Concert should tlie other Powers constituting it not staud with her in opposing Turkish exactions, and very grave complications may ensue. The strength of British public opinion in favor of Greece may yet force tlie Imperial Government into a position of open hostility to some of the most important European Powers. ? The special committee appointed to inquire into tlie state of local finances by ibe Albury Borough Council lias submitted a very gloomy report. Tlie council lias expended in other ways £5000 received iu tbe form of water rates, uiul it is shown that if tlie annual instalment of the waterworks debt due to the Government Is to be paid, and the ordinary scale of municipal expenditure maintained, £1000 per annum will have to be raised through extra rating. In apology for tills state of things it is explained that the water rates wore devoted to local uses before the Government had intimated that payment of the debt would be enforced, aud when "the council was under the belief that tbe Government would not require repay ment." This shows tlie difference between an obligation to tbe Government and to any private creditor which exists in the public mind, and constitutes such a danger to the extension of .State functions. If the work of supplying Albury with water had been un dertaken under given conditions by a pri vate corporation, there would have been no doubt iu tho local alderinanlc mind as to those conditions being insisted upon. Iu that case the money collected from the rate payers for a certain purpose would not have been applied to any other. But because, un der pressure of political influence, other sec tions of tlie community had been enabled to evade their specific obligations aud leave the public to pay the bill, the Albury people seem to have thought they would have the same good luck. Possibly Governments of tlie past have been to blame iu having per mitted them for a moment to entertain the idea that tlie payments would not be in sisted upon when due. 