A LIGHT BATTERY IN ACTION. MEETING AN ATTACK BY THE ENEMY— A GALLANT DEFENCE— KETKEAT. [By William W. Carruth.! ' Can you see anything V' said the captain of the Lattery, standing up iu liis stirrups and peering into the thick fog. He spoke to one of his lieutenants who had ridden up to him at that instant. They gazed and listened together between the guns, in the very centre of the line of six pieces of artillery — for the young captain's battery was un 1 1 in bored, loaded witu canister, and in position for instant firing. So thick was the fog that they could see neither the extreme right nor left of their owu guns, around each one of which its detachment of men stood at strained attention. From the front came the sound of an occa sional musket allot, and now and then a bullet creased iu volume, but was still irregular and scattering. It crackled ominously, now to their right and now to their left, but always deep in the fog to their front. Suddenly the musket-Snug developed not a hundred yards from their faces, and a volley of bullets sang around them. This volley was evidently replied to by a rattling picket-fire, and just then both officers exclaimed — . ' I see them V' A very thin line of Union infantry, so shrouded in the fog that the men seemed like ghosts, came drifting along in retreat toward the guns. Now and then one of these men would turn and discharge his rifle into the thick mist, and then hurry to keep 'dressed' on in line with his comrades, most of whom seemed to understand that their fighting was, for the moment, at an end. The captain of the battery rode forward to meet them. _ ' Where are- the enemy '{' he demanded. 'Right behind us!' replied the panting lieutenant of the picket lino, with a cheerful l.iiigh. 'We held them to the very last, and drove back their skirmishers, but their main line of battle is moving forward now.' As he spoke a heavy musket fire blazed flirimifilv frnm Hia PTlfirnTr'u linn- t.ha lonrl»n missiles flew harmlessly above the battery, and tho density of the fog seemed doubled. ' We won't make that mistake, Allyn, whatever we do,' said the captain coolly, re ferring to the enemy's high firing:. Then, riding to the rear of the line of guns, he shouted — ' 'Run up your screws ! Depress the muzzleB well !' 'They're right on to us, sir !' exclaimed Allvn, dashing up to his captain; 'see, sir, see!' The combined fog and smoke had thinned for nn instant, shifted by a breath of the morn ing air. And now, not 50 yards before the gnus, checked _ for an instant by a Virginia fence over which they we're ew.irrning, came the dauntless infantry of the Southern Con federacy. 'Yes, I see,' said the captain. This was the instant for which he had waited. It seemed to him then as if his whole life had been a preparation for that crisis. The gunner !at each piece bad adjusted the screw to give the gun the necessary depression, and had brought the muzzle to bear ou the lino of the fence. ' Commence firing !' shouted the captain. Crash'! crash! crash 1 responded the guns, one after another. Crash ! crash ! crash ! There was an interval between the discharges, but so brief that the roar bknded iu one sub lime peal. Now thick white clouds of smoke so mingled with the fog and enveloped guns, men, and horses that it was impossible to distinguish anything. Vaguely -indeed, as if they were flitting Bhadows, the ' captain saw ' his men working at the pieces, under whoso blasts the i earth rocked. Now and then a team of horses reared and plunged,* excited to frenzy by the thunder of the artillery. The captain rode up and down tho line between the guns and their limbers. His face was turned towards tho enemy, from whom no shots came now. AIqb for them ! Their brave advance was at an end. The captain could not see it, but from the fact that he heard no more bullets whizzing about him he knew as well as if he had been able to eee that oa both sides of the rail fence, and indeed on it and among its broken and splintered timbers, dead and founded men lay thick. ' , ? ' Neither hearing nor feeling shots from his front tho young artilleryman knew his fire had been effective; but what about his flanks? Since, jnot before sunrise, he had been ordered to take up that position, no communication hnd reached him from auy one in authority. He supposed he was provided with an in fantry support both on his right and on his left, hut he was not certain. So dark had been the morning, although it was in tho month of August, so thick had been the fog- and so occupied had he been with watching for the onslaught of the enemy, that ho knew nothing of what had gone on else where than withiu his own command. But he gave the command, ' Cease firing !' The din of the canon was diminishing, although tho sJ.oke had not lifted, when suddenly, with a terrible shriek, a heavy shot cut the air over his head. Another bird of the same flock struck the eod in front of him, and then spared away to take test far within the Union lines. He could discern, as if they were flashes of electricity, the flame of the enemy's cannon. They had brought up their guns to crush the battery which had so cruelly repulsed' their infantry. ' Load with shell !' ordered the captain, riding down tho line ; ' load with shell, and fire at the flashes of their guns !' His guns were rifled dnd carried a percussion shell. So far not a man or horse of his command had been injured. Every shot of the enemy's had been thrown away. But even as ho was wondering at his good fortune, a spherical case burst between the two guns where he at the instant had pulled up his horse. He saw the number one man drop his sponge-staff and roll over on the sod, and was conscious that tho horse on which he himself sat was sinking under him. : 'Give me your horse, Kelly !' he cried to a boyish-looking soldier who had followed him like his shadow. The captain and the soldier were on their feet at the same instant. The captain sprang into the saddle vacated by his follower, who ran to the rear and threw himself face down ward under a caisson. In the roar and tumult the young captain wondered more than ever as to what was taking place on hisritrhtnndonhisieft. Now fiom both these localities the sound of firing came sharp and heavy, and seemed to move in and to chjse to the rear. m It was as he h*d feared. On both sides of him the line had been forced back, and the enemy was pushing hard on the retreating hue. One regimental commander had given no thought to the battery he had been ordered to support, and had left it to take caro of it self ; the other colonel had sent his adjutant with a warning ; but this messenger lay dead on the field — shot down as ho rode on his errand. .1111 X bull \Jl± ; UMUUJ^ilU bllG IXlfJUillll. 'Get the guns off the field .into the road one at a time,' he said to Allyu, who was his effi cient first officer, ''and fall buck then on to our lino, which is away to the rear by this time. Be quick about it, too! I will bring up the rear. ' He rode to the right flank and encouraged the men at these guns to increase the rapidity of their fire. Ha could not see his left, but was conscious that the guns there bad ceased their fire and were moving away. In a moment moro Allyn reported to him : 'All the guns are in the road but these two.' 'Take ono of these with you,' was the reply, 'and dDn't come back.' Through the smoke he saw his obedient officer disappear with the piece. And now, with the cessation of the fire of five out of six of the guns, the air began to clear. Still the hostile battery iu his front kept up its ancrv demonstration. This was music to his cars, for it indicated that the enemy had not discovered that he was 'limbered up' and moving off. At such a time a battery is per fectly defenceless. — Now could he get away with the last gun ? That was the question. ' Cease firing !' he called to the sergeant of the piece. 'Limber to the rear 1 Forward now, for your lives !' The gallant teams of the caisson and the limber threw their shoulders against the collars with a dash ; horses as well as men seemed to comprehend the extremity of the crisis. The road at the point where the five guns bad escaped was already occupied by the enemy's infantry. As the smoke lifted and they saw the remaining gun, they yelled iu triumph and fired their rifles at it. Oue of the three men on the lumber chest fell bock with a bullet through his brain. 'Pitch him off,' said the captain, sharply. He held his cocked revolver in his hand. 'Oblique to the left. Forward— forward !' As the teams dashed furiously on, the enemy, who were being every instant rein forced, fired and moved along the road to intercept them. When the artillery reached the shallow and narrow ditch which separated the field from the road, the two hostile bodies met for an instant in a wild nieleo. The captain does not know to this day how the gun was saved, any more than he knows just when that rifle ball pierced his leg; but as his trousers were burned by the flash of the rifle, ib must have been at very close quaitora. The sergeant was shot through the left arm ; two of the men on the chests were killed. Neither the captain nor sergeant had a shot left in his revolver when they compared notes a few moments later. With a wild rush, a lashing and spurring of horses, a rapid volley ot rifles- and cracking of pistols, rumbling of wheels and clanking of chains, the last gun of the battery made its retreat from tho position it had defended with such consummate gallantry. — Boston Youth's Companion. 