NOVELIST ly Lady's Rlvlngs, By E. GARRISON JONES. CHAPTER XIII (CO?VISCED.) "My Iotd,you amierey cord-" "No," interrupt St. Aubyn, "I want you to do me a favor, and this is one of my in. duoemente. Here is another." He takes from his pocket a green silk purse, filled to the clasp with glittering gold, and puts it in the keeper's hands. '" Now," he says, before the man has had time to speak, "I'll name my favor, my good fellow, I've a friend up there" pointing towards the dark turrets of the madhouse-" a dear friend, She's a deli. cate, tender girl"-his voice ehaking-"aand abhe was pledged to be my wife. They told me she died, and for two years I've mourned for her. Today I find she's in there-not mad, mind you, but a prisoner, buried alive." He stops and wipes the great drops from hie ashen brow, while Jacques stares at him in wonder. "Now," continues St. Aubyn, "I might demand her-force them to give her up tc me; but that takes time, you see, and would cause trouble and delay. All this I must avoid, and I mast have her out this night, Will you help me I" "What can I do 1" inquires Jacques, help. leaely. "Let the gate remain open to.nicht, nnly for abshort time, and shaut your eyes and esar to all you see and hear. The rest will be managed byothers. So take the gold, and keep it for a marriage-portlon for your pretty, blaek-eyed daughter. You'll do it-a deed of merey " Jacques muses a moment, his eyes on the pletborio purse, his brain busy with Josie'e future; then he looks up, and answers stoutly : "Tee, my lord, I'll do it." "Spoken like a man I And when do you come to live at Nivernois Court ?" "The first of the month, my lord." "Very well. Drive me baok, now, Ed. wards." The oarriagerolls back the way it came, and Jsaques gets out at his own door. "For mercy'e sake, husband, what did his lordship want ?" cries the dame the instant he enters the house. "Nothing," responds Jacqune, quietly, "only we're going to Nirernoie Court the first of the month." "To live?" excitedly shrieks the amazed woman. Jacques only nodl;' bt Jasi ean read his face like a book, and she sees that all is right. A great, hoarse bell, m one of the grim turrets of Mount Chateaurono, tolls for mid night. Silenceas of the grave reigns within and around the queer old place. A solitary rontinel paces up and down the long corridor that faces the endlessline of cells, but the doors are all so strongly and so seoourly locked, and the inmates have been en ad. mirably trained ender the rule of Dr. Lenoir, that no outbreak or attempt to escape is an. ticipsted, and it is no unusual thing for the guard of the hour to elumber at his poet, leaning against one of the huge stone pillars, or seated in the old leather arm-chair at the end of the corridor. The guard dozes now, eitting in the chair, with his feet elevated high above his head, and a long-stemmed pipe in his mouth dozes and poffs away again at intervals, Isking all the comfort to himself that hie situatlon affords. His trained ear can eatch the faintest cound, and on an instant's warning he would be up and in pursuit of any poor soul who should he fool enough to attempt an eusape. In her cell down below, on her knees, in the dead, hot darkness, with the little shining key claped in her thinwhite hands, poor Bess waits and watches. She has heard the bell toll for midnight, and, likea devoaut nun counting her beads, she kneels there trying to count the laggard moments as they paee. In an hour's time, as nearly as she can tell, she must make the attempt. She knows too well, if she should fail, no other chance will ever come to her; and she lifts her wan face in the dark. nees, and ahks God to help her, as a helpless li:tle child might aek an earthly father. Oh, to breathe the free, pure air once more; to be away from all theee poor, witlees fence; to get out into the world, and make her way back to the old cantonment, and to Redmond Carew I That is her dream, as eea kneels there; that has been her dream for over two long years. Strangelyenough, all the yearning of her imprisoned heart go out towards the old, faithfullove ofher girlhood. She Ecarcely ever thinks of the man who held her later promise to become his wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have beenlost to her with all that brief, feverish life she led at Mount Storm House, and she has no wish to reclaim him, her old life and her earliest love fill her soul so completely. She rises to her felt in the solemn, elsilent darkneee, and groping with her hands, after some little trouble she inserts the key in the lock. It ite; she turns it with a slow, noise. leoe motion, and her prison door is open. For one thort instant she stands gasping for bresth, a dull, roaring sound in her ears, a tremor in herlimbs. But she remembers Jodie and Josie'e warning, and her strength retrens to her assuddenly as it went, 6She takes the key from the lock, elips out, and cloring the cell door, she locks it from the outeide, removes the key, and hides it in her borom. Then Ehe estart down the long, blauk corridor with a otep like the wind. A dim light glimmers at the fear end, revealing the double line of cells, and the guard dozing and smoking in the old chair. She fl:te along like a shadow, and has al most reached the far end, her heart throb. bing violently as she nears the guoard, when all at oncethe flap over one of the cellwin dours flica up, and a wild, woeoful face peers out, the faceof a maniao woman. Her blood. 'hot eyes glare out into the semi-gloom, and lighton Beae she fles along, and then a wild shriek ringe out upon the silence. "There she gos I CtBh her--catch her l There goes the pele-fscd choot I" The guard is on hie feet in an in.tunt, and dashing down towards the cell. HIal a dozen keepers, rouned by the nnueaol outcry, start epin different dirtctions and horry to the spot; and poor Beer, more de?l than alive, totters on till she raAches the old choir, and then, with the instinct of a wild crelsture brought to bay, she crouches down behind it. t AfaOPTER XV.-t A BUDDENot WDTe, - The guards and keepers bustle about from c?ll to call, and the manioe woman still sheriks at them to cstob the ple-fectded ghost. Boutthere is no gbhost to be con, and they dnd the call doors all lokced end quiet, tod aflter a little more Faradi: .ng a felw oathie at the manoi, they di'pcre alnd rlturn to their former quort~er. The ktpers dropop down and sre teon eund a?sleep again, telt the gusrd va'lks up sad down anti emokee passing and rep?sinoc poor Bees crouchingin A herhidiog place. b She clssps e h?rnd acnd prays thrt she may die, raoihr than be coneigntd to her dreary ceil co:aino, and while ebo prays the B gurd vanihco,. li , hethinks himsoelf the h there ia some brandy on a tablea in the re. caption room shaove. and feelir nnusually n, 'The ('llarto; Iill lha e.? i(eee ~lc.oleIm I nearly all the omuoicipalitie: in the ?l,,t, I and by most of the charitable institutions, thirsty and eluggir?, ha runs up to refresh himself. Bess hears his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an raparitien. A fewnoiseless etrep3, and Esh Etendi belere the great outer door, and, as Joio rnid, the huge key is in the lce:. She ecizes the hey with both hands. It turns in the lock with a ramping sound, and the door ewingo open. She darts out, leaving it wide opun behind her, flies along the subterranean court. uu the steps, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. The silent summer sier r.o aivee her-the cool, damp winds fan her hot brow, As she stands dazed with the blissfall fancy that she is free, a figure darts out fromthe ivy gloom,and a firm hand grasps her arm. "Here you are at last," whispers Josie's voice. "Oome-quick I" She hurries her ouot towards the main gate,which theyfind standing slightly aiar, " ome," urges Josi ; and she drags her hall.ffainting companion through, and out into the narrow path that leads down the steep. They are secarcely out when a figure rises silently from the roote of a huge tree, and in a twinking the gate is looked, and Jacques "hlere yon are at Iast ,ukp:r Joie. "Cj9: quick: "~ plods op and down the gravel, poluffing away at his pipe, as stolid and impenetrable as the desert ephinx. Meanwhile Josie puts her dimpled fist to her red mouth, and utters a faint whistle like the ory of a bird, still holding her com. panion's arm. Swift as thought another figure shoots uop from amid the olive growth-a tall, impos. ing figure this time. He leaps np the crag, and reaches Josie's side. "Bess," he gasps-"Bess, my darling, is it you ?" Bess lifts her wan, white face, and the moon shines through a rift in the low-lying olouds and falls full upon it. St, Anbyn rees it, recognises it in a breath, and catches her in his arms with a low, passionate cry. But she struggles, to free herself, a strange expression in her wist. ful eyes. "Oh, let me go, Lord St. Anbyn," she murmura, in a broken, piteous voice, "I had no thought of seeing you. I-I hoped it was RehJ,;cJ." St. Aubyn does not comprehend her faltering words, and holds her fast, all his old, rmad, short- lived love blazing up afresh. Sensible, matter.of-act Josie, however, pots an end to his little love scene with great coolness. " My lord," she says, touching his arm, and pointing with a nod of her carly head towards the madhocee, on the upper terrace of which unusual lights are glieming, "Look there I In afew minutes the keepers will be in pursuit of us. Don't you think we had better escape while we can I" "TYes, yes ; what a fool I am I" cries St. Anbyn ; and taking Bets in his strong arms, as he caught and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashes down the steep at a headlong pace. It is characteristic of the man that he should forget Jouie and lose eight of her danger; he never cared for any earthly thing save his own self.gratification. And at this moment it pleases and charms him to have Bess restored to him in this ro mantic and marvellous fashion. So he dashes down, eloering her closely, utterly unmindful whether the child behind him breaks her neck or not, It might have been as well for my lord, the Marqois of St. Aubyn, if she had, taking after events into consideration; but there was little fear of such a catastrophe. Josie's foot was as fleet and sure as the foot of a mountain chamois, and she descended the dangerous path, and was at the door of the carriage, which stood in the valley below, quite aB soon as my lord himself. He sprang in, still clasping Bees in his arms, and then, turning to speak to the driver, he saw the girl to whose wondrous courage and skill he was indebted for his great happiness. "Ab, I had quite forgotten," he said, "Come, my brave little girl, jump in." Joeie's fearless eyes had eomething very near akin to contempt in their shining depths, as she looked up at the handsome nobleman. "No, my lord," she said, quietly, "I am going home." But Bees struggled up and put ount her white face. "Please-obh please don't leave me 1" "Honh I" interposed St. Aubyn, before Josie could answer; "you may rest now, my darling, and go with me, Sle shall come to you to-morrow. Come to Nivernoie to-morrow, my girl-do you hear?" Josie nodded, and the carriage dashed off down the rirer-roas , while the girl pursned her way across the grove to the little cottage on the suburbs of Moulin, The hot, cloudy night is ended, and over the hills the Sabbath moranning dawns. A bright, crisp September morn, with a stiff breeze raffling the river, and drifting the fleecy clouds across the dazzling river. In the white bondoir at Nivernois Court, on a white velvet couah, all starred and fringed with silver, Bess lies. Her toilet has just been made, in obedience to my lord's order, and Feline, the French maid; has foond that wondrons becoming wrapper of white and blio silk somewhere amid the many treasures of Nivernois, and clothed Bess's willowy figure in it. There she lies, lair as a snow.drop, passive as a babe, a great wistful tendernes in her brown eyes. MIrs. eath, the housekeeper, appears with a dainty breakfast on a silver tray, CO& insists that the young lady must eat; and Bass rises obediently, and tries to eat the broiled bird, and the roll, though every morsel tbre?tner to ch:'oo her. Then she lies down again, seh feels so tired and weak, and listene, in a languid way, to the Sabbath bells chiming in Moulins, wondering 'hat the poor creatures at Mount Ch-tetorzon are doing- silent tears of gratitude trickling down her checks mesanwhile. She is free, but yet there is a look of regret it her eoe.l, meek eyes. She hb.rn the bells again, and eomehow they carry her array back to her old Indian life; she thinks of her father, and her tears flow flster, "Ah." she murmurs, deapoiriogly, "if I could have gone to It.dmond I Oh, poor led-. mood I-lshlll never see him again ?' A q"i:k, buoyant step ricgs upon the marble tilts without, ad there is a sharp, impatient rap at the door. "Come in," says Beaf , lnguidly, end St. Aubyn enters. He resches the coch at a boned, and has her in is orme. ".'y poor Ioltlo dove, my pciouos ittet Bws ' he h"!f ,11 eb., dropping hot his'es on her trembling mouthl enel shite che:eks. "Oh, to think hos I h?o; bolieved you dead and buried, and hon I have mourned for , i il god s na.ain at the end cf tieso ,l Utteele you I Oh B , D?ss, if you had come to me from your eofa?n, it could not seem stranger. I am so happy. Child, what makes you tremble? Are you afraid 1 Why, sweet, no harm can reach you here. You are mine- tinelto loea and cherish forcrer. Beho, look at me; let ro e: yo~r oiwet eyes; and tell me ltf on ore ?I?i to pet back to me saoin 0" I:es] lbol up, and mneets hit mecmerio > :e, a.d a faint flesh rises in her waxen checks. 11ia eyea have lost none of their old dangerous power. " YP ," she falters," I am Cla." " And you ill do oo?ncioely as I onlh you, dearest l"continui St. Aubyn. " Yen, my lord," eo breakn into a gay tlu h, and covers her face with carectre. " Then, you demure little nun," he crica. exultantly, "in an hour from now you hsill ray, not my lord, but my husband. S's here, Bess,thik is your wcdniog tine, til! till- well"-- he Etammera end fa!iers. remembering that Lady Co.urndra now wears the old St. Aubyn opal, in token of her cna gagement to hlmoelf-" till I can get the old opal you ones wore. It shall be yours yet; but thiswill do now, in its etcad. Th!cre is a priest all ready in the houae, and we will go before the old Nivernois altar, and be made man and wife, and then, my own love, no earthly power shall part us. Sheal' it notbhoe l" A faint sob eseapee her, and she looks up at him with entreating eyes. " Oh, my lord," he faltera, " yon are good and kind, but it muet not be-it cannot be, Don't you know that she loves you ?--Idy Cassandra, I mean? Don't yon know that she parted us, and put me in that dreadful place, bheauee-because, she could not bear to aee me your wife 1" "Yes, I know," St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, purple veins starting out on his white brow, "There is no need to remind me of all the wrong you have EsuferCd at that wicked, heartless woman's hands. B?t the hands of vengeance is now at hand. Lady Cassandra's pride shall be houmbled in the duet beneath your feat, my darling. I shall do it, though she were a hundred times my cousin." Bers starts up, her face white with pain and terror. " Oh, my lord," she gasps, " don't say EPoh terrible things I The past is done with now, andI tam free. If I can forgive her, sErely you can." "No, Bees, I cannot forgive her. I shell hand her over to be dealt with by the law." "eIy lord, for shame," cried BeDs, with flashing eyes, "and she a woman sprong from the same race She was forced into doing what she did by your neglect and in fidelity. She loved you, my lord, and looted upon you as her promised husband. You ehould never have desertedhcr for me." "Bess 1" exclaimashis lordship. "It is the truth, my lord. But it is too late even now toundo all this wrong. You most go back to her, my lord, and be true to her, and tell her that I forgive her." " And you, Bees, my darling?" querics St. Aubso, with an amused emile on his lipo.- n ro on conTvrnED 