THE ROYAL «8NG CQMSSJOEi Moxday. October 11. Present : Messrs Gilbert (chairman), Grant, Bryant, R. D. McKenzie, Scarvdl, and ii-aton, and th » secretary (Mr Aytoun) Frank Kingston, miner, deposed that he had been appointed by the Amalgamated Workers' Association to give evidence on their behalf. He thought that the labor condition of one man to throe acres was fair. As a rule hi: was not in favor of exemptions, but they Khnaiil be granted in certain cases. .'Often im inflow of water oceurrwl in a mine. to cope with which it would be necessary to grant exemption. In the event of the capi tal beco.uing exhausted time should be per mitted to reconstruct. Three mouth3 should be the limit of an exemption, and the state ments of thK applicant should be verified; A mining board was necessary on these fields. He favored the abolition of the deposit of £25 required to be lodged by an applicant for the forfeiture of a lease. A public battery could be erected advantageously at either end of the Kalgoorlie mining belt, it was preferable for the Government to erect the butteries itself than to subsidise private companies in doing so. In the present Act no provision was made, he thought, for cart ing the wash-dirt or almvial from the scene of. the prospector's labor in order to get facilities for washing it. Clay- like suostances were met with which must be treated by water ; and if there was no water on the ground tiie prospector should be allowed to . cart it to whure there was water to euablo him to puddle it and extract the gold. Here also he found that there was no sliding scale for deep sinking in 'alluvial. The areas should be- granted on- a' sliding scale of sizes according to depth. There was only the one area (,70ft x 70ft for one man). At i-anowna alluvial was found at a depth of 50ft. The sinking at that depth was hard, and would entail large expense. The present size of an area mi ht be retained where 'the depth was not Vreater than 50ft. Below that level. the size of the area should oe enlarged. In New South VVale3, where he had had a lot of experience as a. pros pector, each man was allowed 70ft square; but' the. 'size increased below 50ft. Where the depth was between 50ft and 100ft one man was allowed 100ft square, two men 150ft, three men 180ft, and four, men 200ft. Below 100ft the sizes of- the areas' would in crease in the same ratio. This provision was 'included- in the Victorian Act. He favored a prospecting vote. The Government should subsidise; prospectors who went out at a dis-' tance, to the extent of £ for £ on their ex-, ptuditiire, and companies should be similarly assisted to prospect their mines at a depth. ; Its any locality only one miho should be as sisted to prove the lode at a depth. Ho. favored the duality, of titles to land involved by allowing alluvial diggers to work on m.itiine; leases. The two systems of mining were quite distinct. It was not 'worth the powder and shot' for the- Government to; tssb the legality of the McArthur Forrest. cyanide patent; .The ' isifticulty could be settled far .cheaper by pur chasing the rights of the - patentees, ' and the Government should ' meet the leak' in that w.iy. , A greater number of competent mining inspectors should ba appointed.-;.. ByMr Bryant: He had; not known of a place where the miner had been prevented carrying his , wash' dirt to 'water. There was a, pince in this colony where ? this sort of aliuviai oijtaincd. It:was only risrhc to have a clause inserted, to enable thu digger to take ihe alluvial awayi 1 1 would cost a good deal of money to provide the various dis tricts with public batteries. .-.''The- Govern liient need not expend the money all at once. For a start they ;ould erect the batteries iir the most favorable districts. There was a diificuky in getting . quartz crushed here. The cos^t (about £2. per ton) was the greatest ditficultv. .- o-: ..' . ?-; -?:/ . '.'''.-';.'-1\\--y ? ,By,Mr Eaton: He favored lessees having the option of paying their rents quarterly or' yearly. ? Unless under exceptional circum stances leases should be forfeited if the holdeia neglected to work it for three days in succession. There was an unwritten law un :erlying'the regulations, and Wardens had discretionary power. Leases should not be forfeited on technical grounds. By Mr Grant: To stop the outflow of capital lo the eastern colonies he suggested the 'fostering' of the agricultural industry and the granting of homestea s leases. In the allocation of a prospecting vote the subsidy to bona. fide prospectors should take.pre .cedeuce. Seeing that the surface had been prospected but little here he would encourage that first. ?'.-? By the Chairman : The cry of insecurity of tenure as applied to mining leases in West Australia was; only a bug-bear. Working' miners, business people, and the country at large hati suffered greatly from the granting of exemptions: tie approved of the sugges tion of Mr R. D. Thompson to pro-; ville for portions of leases being set apart for homes for the nailers. Ju sinking it was necessary that there should be a knocker line in each winding compart ment ox the shaft, and there should be a common system of signalling. He' was op \ Oaed to the consolidation of leases. One scene of operations was not sufficient to properly develop a number of leases. He favored the amalgamation of two leases being permitted. It was not in the interests of the country that the labor of nine leases should ? be concentrated on one. No race whose standard of living was below our own should be allowed in the colony. The labor conditions and rents of leases should be parts of the statute. He approved of the creation of mining boards. The representation of all classes, on the board would not. militate .'igiii.'iBfc its efficiency. They were not likely to conflict. Evidence of that was available in the amicable manner in which the mem bers of this Commission had worked together. Boilers and machinery on mines should be periodically examined by a competent engi neer. . . ? Michael Henry O'Connor, president o£ the Kaiiroorlie and Boulder Branch of the \--N.W.A., deposed that he agreed that the opinions of Messrs. Hastie and Hihgs'on were those of the majority of the miners here. By M,y Scarvell : The exemptions un resi dence areas should be abolished. There was an insufficiency of residence areas, and more iaud should be made available. The sugges tion to settle workers on the minus was a go ud one, providing proper care was given lo the sanitary arrangements. Tl:e Commission at 12.30 adjourned for luncheon. On resuming at 2.30 o'clock, II. O. Call a-, hau, manager of the Lake View Consols mine, wasca'lcd. . . Mr Cailahan said that his views on rafnirg were so entirely different to anything in vogue in this colony that he had thought his evidence would be of no value to the '.Com-. mission. The Chairman (Mr Gilbert) : New ideas are exactly what the Commission want. Witness: My idea of ? mining is that the country should be developed, by the prospec tor. A miner who finds new country has had to take all the. risks and chances, and you should try and put it within the means of the prospector himself to develop the country. You have hail here a most remarkable mining boom. These things come seldom, and in the future if ? i he mines are to be dtveloped it must be by the individuals themselves. You h.-ive all suffi cient -knowledge of co- operative or syndicate minin : to know that it is all done for a little stock jobbing. Sooner or later these must come to grief, as they are dictated )-y men who have no idea of mining, fn -America we had all this stock specula tion. Mining in the sixties went down to nil. '\ he Government then adopted a liberal atti-udc, and said that anyone could ?' locate ' country if they wished it. The law there now is so simple that all a miner has to do 13 to peg out his claim, pay one and a half dollars to record it, and tveiv year record the work he has done. Thi' latter is filed in the records and is prinia facie evidence o£ bis title. Tn Austin.; i.-i it is argued that under this system -.a n-'csoti' could locate the on tire country. In America that is not the effect. Though it may lead to a little ' shepherding,'1 still it puts t-ho prospector on his own mine until it is developed. The prospector there has no partner. He wiU delve on year after year and eventually brings out a mine. Some of the finest shows developed there have been proved by so-called 'crank-.' The prospector sometimes works on for 20 years before h« is successful. Whilb we lose iu what yoi may call 'hording,' it develops that individually which makes the miner. Here four or five men g ? to work, and they may have a little ore in siglit. It is 10 to 1 thifr- +b*y get what Hi tie mufl'-y they can out of it and let it go, and after they leave it it is a worse hoid'og th:rn it was originally. In Ne;.v South Wales and Victoria they had friirly £O.'.-! ralni:;^ cr.mp^ 2^ ye.ro r.~o, willi lktlo lo'les. The law couits compelled the mincis to pay a heavy rental ami employ so m-iuy men on the ground, so Hint a man h-d to na?e five or six partnets. The effect was that the land was abandonee when it should not. have been abandoned. Your object should be to make a nation of independent miners. It cun be done. In Colorado there is do prominent mire on the stock board manipulated for stock purposes. The only stock so manipulated- is on the Comstock. You war.t labor conditions on mines. Until yon get a mine you cannot get labor, [f a prospector is willing to risk liis labor and industry, that is sufficient for the State. . . . The Chairman : We are told here that the first essential to mining is to introduce capital. -.'.;?.. Witness : No. There is no capital equal to Australian muscle. Colorado would never have been devejoped otherwise. They did ni-t say, ' We want capital.' Cripple Creek' was developed by a carpenter. They said, ' The gold is too fine ; you can't save it,' but he kept on delving until he demonstrated it. Capital follows -after profitable investment. Capital flowed in here because they had a chance of floating mines. Your idea is to locate a claim and sell it to someone else, ami sometimes you hold on so long that you are left holding the sack. The Government should look at it in another light and say, ' If the people want to locate country locate if.' We will regulate it so that you can have it surveyed at the smallest possible expense, so that you know exactly where you are, and one woa't interfere with the other.' I would say then, 'goto work and make it within the province of any one individual- to perform. the required amount of work during the year.' In Aus-' t-ralia, with all your labor conditions, there are many c'aims held without working. They are ' shepherded.' For much discre tionary power is given to the Wardens Each prospector should be compelled to do so much work per year. That work either sinking, driving, or crossctitting (but not sfcoping) — is measured at the end of the year, and a description is filed in the Record ' Office and becomes prima facie evidence of title. By that means you develop the individual miner who will have an incentive to open up country. It may take him a lifetime. Someone may follow up where he left off. By that means ? you will develop a higher class of prospector — miners who 'belong' in the mining business. . Nine-tenths of tlie directors of companies have no idea of mining. They di hue, however, and perhaps the poorest miner on the mine knows more about the handling of it than they do. What I advo cate is a radical change, but-it would be air 'improvement in my opinion. ? ..- ? V .,: The. Chairman: Do you. consider the present title for leases satisfactory ?.' '-.'. Witness: I am not a believer in abso lute security of tenure to mining claims! unless they are worked by some means or another. ? The Chairman : Do you favor the present labor conditions ? ; . '?' Witness: The .labor conditions I consider a farce. IF a man has a 'mine' he will work it. You can't create - labor or an . avenue for labor until you find the mine. The Government, by the laws and the charges they make, anticipate that when you put in four pegs and apply for a lease they are giving you a mine. -.- But they do not. They simply give you a prospecting area. Mines are not fonnd by simply running over the country. You don't dig out ores by simply backing up a cart against the side of a hill. , Wheu mines are opened up, if they are profitable they will be worked ; and if- not you have to give a man who is an owner timo to develop it. himself with his own energy and labor he can get no other. The Chairman : Are not the labor condi tions a safeguard for the British investor ? Witness : You don't define the difference between a mine and a 24-acre salt bush claim. A mine iis not a mine until it is de veloped. 1 f the foreign investor is so fo:oli:-h as to invest his money there Idon't. think he . should get any pity. . .''? :- -':i-v:V ':??-''-':. The ' Chairman : What are your views about 'jumping?' ?'.:? ?..'??';.. -.:_;:' .: :, Witness : The ')' jumper 'Vis' certainly ; an ?' undesirable article in any. country. The title t-hould not leave any question {is to jumping. The amount of actual work per form.''d' should be recorded and ':? serve , as prim a facie evidence of the continuation of the title ; and if ha allows the time to pass over for putting in the record the land then becomes a public domain again. So e official could be employed to inspect the min 'S and record the amount of work done. You are always ; anticipatina: that mines are not going to be worked ; but. you know as a matter of fact. that, where, there is the ghost; of. a show a miner 'would -, s(-ay '.there as long as he could. Men don't leave sovereigns lie in the street for the sake of the, trouble in, picking them up. Tht Chairman : Then .it is really in the interests.of : the State if the ' salt busb mines' here, as you call them, should bs branded. : Witness : No man should be allowed1 to locate a mining claim until he finds minerals at the place. If he wants a prospec'ti rig area he should brand it as such. There should be no location until the mintr has found either gold, silver, or other precious metal. You must first start with, the proposition that he huts something in the shape ai a mine. Do you. suppose the Australians'' located all this ? ountry for the mines that were in. them ? This State has ha'd a remarkable revenue from a mining.boom, occasioned perhaps by a desire in ! omlon to. sell West Australian mining claims. You can't expect that it is going to occur again here. ' . The Chairman : Do you think the erection of public batteries would encourage prospect ing- ,- ????' . . Witness : Tn regard to that if you look over Arizona, California, Mexico, and all those countries, you wi'.l find that the less the Government mterfeTS with an industry in the shape of assisting .it the better. All attempts of Governments to venture into private enterprise have been failures.. If jou want public batteries. 1 say put t-em np as chi-aply as pos&ible;, ami let them be under the supervision of one man as .watchman Then all those who. -wish to crush ore win tnke charge and do their own crushing ; but to keep a staff of officers and employ men to work, thu' batteries would, I belli; ve, entail a very heavy expense and prove a failure. The watchman might be an engineer, A-bo could see that the work was properly pe - formed. In America they lend mill j bodily in this fashion. The Chairman : Do you approve of the establishment of technical schools of mines on the goldfields ? Witness : 1 '.hink it is a perfect absurdity. It has proved so throughout all the colonies. The only way is to have a good School of Mines for all the colonies. All Australia might sui port one 'good School of Mines in Ballarat or Bendigo, where a good (leal of mining is done. The Chairman : As to reward -areas for prospector--, Mr Oallahan ? Witness : If a prospector finds a mine in any place it should be a reward area, and he should not be Charged a cent. If he goes there and locates it he is doing the State r bene.fit All mines should he reward min°s. If t?- e mine is productive and you chose to put a tax on it, w«ll and good. Only the smallest tax should be put ou development in the cai- ly stage-. Ths ' h.'iirman : Do you favor the present rent of £1 per acre for mining leases ? Witness : That would be a tax of £24 per annum on a prosppctor who tonk up ao area. If th ? amount were put into the mine in working expenses it would do the State more goo'.l. If yon are going to tax the miner, tax Uie ship builder, the forester, and everyoue in the same, way The. expense - of living is part ami pare 1 of the Cust of working the mine; consequently the- industry is already called upon to pay for the maintenance of the Government. The Chairman : What are your views con cern ng a prospecting vote ? Witness: My exp^ri^nce of the pvos p ctors When I '' put up 'for them has been very bad. (Jive them a show ; k-t them go out 'on their own.' locate grouui? and i.lc vclop it. The Government do. s not need t-. step in and assist them in any way. The Chairman : It is sm-\ 'hat trouble may arise over the lea eh older ami alluvia} digger ciiuh ha.vin.ar a title to the snne piot-o of ground. What is- your opinion, )-r Calia han? Witness: Tho America^ laws overcome that. You allow people io go all ov«r th«' ? coaotry without respect to lode formation or any known indication. In order lo dis tinguish what is a placer mine and what is a lode. forni:ii..on you must find omo mineral bi'f.iri- you sire en.'itl^l.i.iv si lease ai the hand of th«*Unif« ? Stiles Com missioner. You must swear rher , is a lode there. Wben a man has a !---le it is n seriou tfj.ng to use any of th« surficii area for otlicr purposes. When a lot!.: formation is dis covered the pr spector shonll have the :b*i lute riuht to th.s gr.mn.i. If the -jovurn- ment thinks it iV alluvial let it be worsed as alluvial until it i- abandoned, or grant a lode title subject to the conditions of. those who have placer claims. The Chairman : That is the system hero now. The lease gives a title to mine for quartz reef lories or veins. Witness ^ But when a man locates a mine as a lorle mine his title' is secure. Don't come afterwards and s.iy'.yo'u are going to pros pect it for', ?aliuviai. A man started to work under my dump the other day and wanted to mine for alluvial. Alluvial diggers should not be allowed to undermine the whole property. Wo' have a little alluvial on our property, ar.l where it does not interfere with thrt works, we have no objection to the men working it. To say that they should be allowed to go into the shaft and de stroy the uermancnt works is ab surd. It is a very '-ticklish' law leu must give a man some privilege of work ing hisclaim. Tw.jnty-four acres is a vary small lease on which to put up «11 requisite buildings. The Ivanhoc : is hampered for room for the mill they propose bui'kliii'. The. topography of the country should h;ive a- direct bearing on tho question of hovr much land is required for the buildings on a mine, i-o far as the alluvial workers luivo gone on the Lake View we don't objw:t. No hardships have been put upon me so far. J'he Chairman : What size do you think an auuviai claim snouul ne : Witness : In America, wherever rich patches are discovered, the miners have power to regulate the areas which they ure individually entitled to. The question can be3t be ans vered by the diggera themselves. If a prospector finds a sew district— and it is only onaa in a. lifetime that he will- — i should give him a sufficient area to males a fortune out of it. ' The Chairmau : The evidence we have had from the alluvial men so far is that, as the gold is so easily won from the surface, they are favorable to the present size of alluvial claims, so that oioe man may not monopolise the whole country. ' ' . Witness : They are the best judges of that. '?'.' ,: : In*' answer to other questions, Mr Caliahan said he was pppo'-ed to any amendment of the Act - aking it compulsory for companies to put aside one-fourth of their capital for working expenses., . A scheme of the magni tude of that proposed bj the Government for supplying tln3 field with water was necessary. U'ining inspectors had outlived their usefulness. The manager knew how best to manage his mine, and miners pro tected themselves. In the case of contribu tory neglect' the mine owners should not be held responsible. They should trust to the intelligence of the miner to take care of himself.-^ ??;';'~ ?'.-?; ,,;';'\ ;;;'-' ' '.. '''' ''?: ' Mr -Bryant said he had listened with con-: sider;ible interest to Mr Callah tn's evidencje. The inquiries of the Commission were re stricted to ' the best mode of developing the auriferous resources of the colony.' It was scarcely likely that the Legislature was going to wipe oufc all the existing laws and regulations, and revert to something: else all at .nice, it might see its way clear, however, to em body some of the alterations suggested by Mr Cailahan. ? , After the witness had been questioned by ? Mr Bryant concerning the development of the Lake View Consols and the cost of working, etc, . ' . -The-. Chairman thanked Mr Call ahan for his attendance. ' He' was sure that, the wit ness7 evidence would be read with a great deal, of interest. A section of the Press had 'advanced the opinion -that the Commission had brought forth ho. new ideas. . : iir Cailahan : Mine are radical enough,' I hope. (Laughter.) The Chair man : They don't deserve that reproach at anyrate. '?:'-. Charles ;P. Johnson, a leaseholder of Bala gundi, was the next witness. He said he attended . as a deputy from the Bal igundi Pr.jgress Cbmtuittee! In his evidence he stated that he thought, the prospctor of a show 25 mil.:S or over from the nearest work . i)!g mine' should have a'2-l-acre block free of rent f-r the first year, and free of survey fee'?, but not not free of labor conditions. The rent should be 10s per year, payable quar terly at option. Registrations and transfers sno.-.Li be finally made on the field.. He was in 'favor of a dividend tax. The alluvial digger should be allowed to go where he chose, though, of course, not allowed to ..interfere with workings and building--. He would approve of a. vote to encourage deep sinking. The Government should certainly act in the matter of the capitalisation of mines. The present restriction' regarding: the inspection of ? mines to where five men were employed underground' was ''a. fair. orie. He was certainly in favor of mining on pri vate : property. Mining courts of appeal should be instituted in the various centres of .ihe goklfieldB,' Public batteries should be generally established on the report of an inspector as to the value of the material in the -different localities. He. would not stop in hi: district a day if he thought the Giivernmerit were not. going to put up batteries. Batteries; meant everything. At present about four or five leases out of 60 were being worked in his 'district. ' The pros pects were very good:. ' The prevailing Warden's Court fees were too heavy nearly all round. The present regulations regard ing the taking up of abandoned' leases and ; forfeitures' were: not at all satisfactory . 'An adjournment was here made, till 7.20 p.m. ??.-.?.. ? Mr 11, D. Thompson was called upon to act as chairman at the eveuing sittinec. Arthur Nicholls, general secretary of the Engine-Drivers' Asjociatioii, stated in hi~- evidence that he thought it a very good Me* that .engine-drivers should prove their capabilities in a practical way at the engine before certificates were issued to them. There might be difficulty in the case of there 'being so many candidates, as was the case in Kalgoorlie. He believed that first and second class certificates should be issued, the first 'to entitle a man to drive a Winding engine and the latter certificate to allow him to drive stationary engines. In his estima tion, a man'. should have held a second cl s*; ce- tificate for six months, and had on the average assisted at the engine for the same periO'l, before he could have a first-class cer tificate. In each goldfield a conipeN;nt qualified engine-driver, a miue ix'anager, and an inspector, should constitute the examinhii,' Doard. The Government couid nuike ihe appointments from the nominees of th.; classes represented. The members of the association considered Mr Arnell's system of semaphore signalling a very gooJ one for equipped shafts,- though not for sinking shafts, and recommended it3 adoption. There was a very strong feeling in favor of a uniform code, of signalling. It was advis able that there should be a knocker shaft in each '.lompartrnent of the winding shaft. i'To al-o approved of the adoption '.of a speaking tube. At the Lake View mine suoh a tuh'e was use! to the S.OUffc, level. , The present, regular, cms regarding the inspection of wind ing plante, e'.c, were sulticient but they were not properly- administered on account of. the one ;u.-|jeetor not having time for thi work. There should be periodical careful inspec tions of boilers and machinery, and the insiicc-or should, after ea-:h inspect on. stamp on the boiler what pressure it sh'iud bear duriog the ensuing period. He w.mM have the iiniit. of men riding on the bucket to be three. Boilers should not be so near to the engine as to cause discomfort throii'h heat id the drivers. Safety c-iges should be compnl-ory, and they should he teste.l. say, (nice a week, by the shift; captain. It was 'a good provision to have in tho engine-hou-:e a book, wheivin the cngine-driv. r could writ' down about any defect, he noticed. To get over thesa t water difficulty there shouli be a brining ewk on the boiler which constantly released salt. The rope should, he thought, 5'C sho.1 and n.it *pliocd at the end. Me did not consider it fair to have it as part, of tku mining regulations that the occurrence of an aeci.ieut, was prl/iia fltvie evidence against the O!u-im;-:!rivors. He knew of t-vo e,-.ses where ineii wiihout previous kuOW Uulg-j h il been grume- 1 cortilieatos. M. J. K.unlc', Pivsiiionr nf the Enginc nriv(«rs' Assomtii'm. w;s n.-xr. heard.'' He ri.ouht. tli,-. {rrar- tiuvr -«f (.?onificat-s as «t ('?r-'si'iifc w.-K !i f.-irei'. Tlir! .-xa- niaifitc board sht-ui i O'.niiiri.sc tho iii-ipcclo- of boilers, a rip' !?*!!-; :il iv mim- i»:i-«i.«i-r, and a. compe tent en-ine'lriv.r. \\\v jl0;,l the same views as. Mr Nioholls r--.u'-;riin;r the Arnell syst.-m sam.i|)liore signnJliug, ami a uniform cod', of squills. 'lUivli-rs shoisli be inspected., at le.-isi. once in six mouths, So-uu of the boilers on i hi- field should le inspected once a ilay. There we-v men in charge of ma chin iy here, who were not fit to clean. Uo .?i«retvl thiit. the Uovennnent should ?jutitute hijiher c!:i*s uxaminaiions which would jjiw men :m opportunity of mviiijr i-.eir kuowk'dg:-. of comp und eiitrines, e'e Me thought it should be com p Isni-y io us.j conden.-wi waltz ia boiiets ; :uiu f.n^tj-jverntinv^t; wntcr Sf;ho;-ie w;is most ?ioi'e,.!ai-le frnii! this point. of view alone. A kj»':i' it:tr -ube, i - sir}.- x k:i(vkei\s, was ile nir.i'.l- Thuru «huuld tv. :ls few knocks as }»)-. i' -I- in i'giialliii-;. 5T»- would be very st,«nijr|v m favor of i'ookrt bein^ kept ia eng n -h us(S for a man going off duly to rej ioi 1 1 he st if -? of l he i-risyi uc. The en srine- driveis were, he knew, in f.ivor of the Go vernment water scheme. Ho approved of the proposal to have railway connection with Espui-anct!. He would like to St-e a small brass plate on the front of a boiler wherem the inspector would place the day and. date of his examination, as well as the pressure the boiler should be till the next examina tion. John Beseigh, engine-driver, of the Boulder, followed. He agreed wi;h the ' previous witnesses regarding first and second class certificates, and as to the constitution of a satisfac ory board ot '? ocamlners. As a matter of fact drivers who hal got certificates else where did not think much of tho. certificates issued _ here. He did n- 1 think elec tricity would be found to w-»rk satisfactorily for signalling, especially in wet, shafts. Safety cages and safety hooks should, he thought, be used. He preferred the side . gnpp'Ts, worked with a spiral sDi'ing. It would, .he th Might, be a good thing to have ambulance instruction among mine employ., Sal' water should be prohibited from use in a vertical boiler. It was also dangerous in a Cornish boiler. He approved of the estab lishment of Schools of Mines. Mr Bryant mentioned, as a matter of in formation, tint the Government were con sidoririi.' the advi-.abloness of i-ssnin-.' not only second-class, but j)rob;tbly also third-class, certificates in addition to first-class. _ At 10.40 p.m. the Co.-ninission adjourned till thefollowin'_f morning at 10 o'clock. 