WHOSO FINDETH A WIFE, . ' : FOILUHED B-S?E01AL ABSJUKHHESI. | By WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author of "The Great War in England in 1897," " Zoraida," "Stolon Souls," " Guilty ' Bonds," "A Secret Service, 'V &o; , &o.; ' i fConmisBT.l 1 CHAPTER XXII.— ( Continued.') W 18 n0' you, Geoffrey, to fl M cruel to a woman,' she J8 -said reproachfully, standing before me. ' I admit I have acted foolishly, , but that man you saw was not my lover. I caro for no ono oxcopt your own dour self.' ' Torins of endearment arc unneces- siry,' I answorcd impatiently, turning from her. ' Such expressions from ono who has so grossly deceived mo are absolutely nauseating. I havo striven for your social advaucomont and havo loved you dearly, but from this moment you aro my wife only in name.' She buried hor faco in her hands, and was seized by a lit of hysterical sobbing. All. her self-control had vanished at tlio' instnnt bIio realised that I 'know tho truth, and sho now stood before me bont and penitent. . : 'Forgivo mo,' sho whispered earnestly. ' Forgive mo, Geoffrey.' ' No,' I answorcd with firmness. 'I cannot trust you.' 'Overlook this incidout, and I will novcr again give you causo for jealousy,' she exclaimed. 'I will do any tiring you ask, only havo patience .with me.' 'I havo already had patience,' I answered. ' Yet, deceived as I am daily, wo can live togothor no longer.' ' But I lovo you,' sho declared with fierce earnestness, fixing her fathomless eyes upon mo. If I lose you I shall kill myself.' ' It is your own fault entirely,' I said. ' You liavo chosen to act in this manner, ami whatever nro tho consequences they are of your own seeking. I suppose you will tell mo next that this man who was with you compelled you to meet him.' ' That is the ahsoluto truth,' she faltered. ' All, always tho same lanio tale,' I observed in disgust. ' I have not for gotten that night at tho Nook when I watched you walking witli Bock. -No, Ella. Thero is some strange mystery about it all that .1 don't like. You pro tend to lovo me, hut you have somo ulterior' motive.'' ' Thero is a mystery, it is true,' she admitted, her eyes dimmed with tears. 'A mystery so strango and 'startling that when you know tho truth you will stand aghast and dumbfounded. But with its elucidation yon will havo know ledge of how I havo suffered and striven for your sake; therefore I can only pray that tho revelations that must neeriio may he hastened, for, although to-day you regard me ns 'baso and de ceitful, you will thou learn how much one woman has endured aud sacrificed bccauso sho loved you.' ' Then wo must part until this mystery is cleared up,' I said, calmly, my heart full of grief. ' You refuse to takono, your husband, into your confidenco, therefore I cau place no furthor relianco in yoiu'vwprd.'; , .,. ,, 'Think,' she cried, clutching my anus convulsively. ' Why should tho happi ness of both of us bo wrecked by a more misunderstanding ?' ' A misunderstanding ! ' I echoed. ' It is assuredly more tlinu that.' ' No,' she answered, endeavouring to stiflo hor sobs. ' You misunderstand me, believing mo false to you, whereas I am acting solely iu our mutual interests.' ' To wnlk alone with a stranger is surely not acting in your ' husband's interests,' , I observed, bitterly, ' Ah, you aro mistaken,' sho said, quickly. ' When all is explained you will regret the cruol words you havo uttered this evening.' ' Have I, then, no causo to object to your acquaintance with this man ? ' I inquired, looking slinrply at hor. ' ' Nono whatever. Ho is neither my lover nor my friend.' ' What is his name ?' ' I do not know. Ho did not tell me,' sho replied. ' Was this tho only occasion you had met?' 'It was.' ' Ho spoke to you casually in tho street, I suppose ?' 1 No, wo mot by appointment at "Vic toria station,' she answered quito frankly. ' By appointment ! Then you know him?' ' No, our. mooting was arranged by a third person. It was by no moans of nil amatory character, 1 assure you.' ' What was its object ?' I asked. Slowly alio shook hor head. .'lean- not tell you without relating to you facts that I dare uot yot divulge.' ' Ah ! ns I thought;' I cried in angor. ' You rofuso always to oxplain. Aseuoh week pusses tho mystery surrounding you increases.' ' Unfortunately I cannot prevent it,' olio answered in a low earnest tone. ' Before wo married- -I told you plainly, that I intended to seek tlio'truth of the conspiracy ugaiust Dudley's life, and you did not object.' ' Why not. lonvo that wretolied affair to tho polico and secure - our own happiness ?' I .urged. , Because the polico ore powerless. They can havo no clue.'. . . .;« Is it tlion absolutely necessary ;th'at you' should attain thisond?' I inquired dubiously. ' Are yon ready to' sacrifice your own-homo and husband in order to uscorthin. tlio truth' regarding a orimo ?' Ycsj it is absolutely imperative, ' sho, replied emphatically. . ' Before perfect happiness con ho ours we must both bo awar6 of tho causos which lod to Dnd- loy's sudden death. Towards that end I ani striving, and. knowing what I do, T arn, regardless of your suspicions and your oruol words. If wo part4-wcll, it will ho.- j'ou who ono day will bo filled with.bittor regret; and as for me,- I sliall not pauso in my mofoiloss quost.' :. Often sho had told me that to ascer tain the true cause of Dudley's death was, next to her duty as my wifo, hor main objeot in life, and those words, littered . with an earnestness that was genuine, horo .out her most frequent deblprations, Glancing at tho facte as a.wholo.it- wnq not surprising that I should have suspected! Dudley of having hobn jior, loyer whoso death she intended to -ayongo. ,- . . . In silence and hesitation I paced tlio - room that sho had furnished with such : exquisite taste. A dozen times sho asked forgiveness, but no word passed my hps. Sho stood motionless, her head bent in submission, her hands clasped before her, awaiting my decision- -:. _ Her palo teor-stamcd faco betrayed signs of a terrible breathless suspense, ' she fearing that I intended to cast her off, whilo I. could not bring myself 'to - any firm heliof that hor declarations of affection wore genuine. Between - us thero yawned a gulf , of darkness mid mystery wliioh hourly grow wider and more impassable. ' .'Toll mo that you'll still ho patient and wait,' she implored at last.- ' Surely you can seo how intensely 1 lovo you and how utterly aimless will ho my life if wo part.' - 1 'This mystery is, I confess, Ella,' driving mo to distraction,' I said, halt ing at last before hor. ' Cannot you coufidcinmo? I will preserve silence, I promise.' . . 'No, no,' she gasped in fear. 'I — I daro not.' Her attitude was ono of deep do- - jcetion, j ot I could not fail to notice, ' oven at this moment of her abject" despair, how beautiful she was. But n ' look of unutterable terror was .in her :- deep blue eyes, and upon her handsome - features was an expression as though,- dreading exposure, sho were haunted by. somo tcrriblo ghost of tho past.- ' You told mo this once bofore,' I said gravoly, ' and I trusted you. To day I havo discovered my confidence ill-placed.' 'Trust mo onco again,' sho cried- hoursely. ' Only once, and . I will show, you ere loug that your suspicions aro utterly without foundation.' I took another turn up nnil down tho drawing-room, my hunds clasped behind my bnck, my gazo fixed upon the carpet. I was still undecided. . With a sudden impulso slie rushed forward, and flinging hor arms about my neck kissed mo, next second bursting into tears and burying her faco upon my shoulder. My limul unconsciously stroked hor hair, and, bonding, I pressed my lips upon her soft oiicok. Then sho know that I had forgiven, and holding hack her sobs with difficulty raised hor face, and idssing mo pas-' sionately, thanked mo in a low broken voice, assuring mo that I should never regret tho stop I had taken. During half an hom- wo remained togothor, sho full of lovo and confidence, I admiring and hopoful. I was glad I had not ucted rashly nor loft lior us I had intended, and ns wo- went in to dinner arm in arm we laughed together, joyous in each otlior's love. . After wo had caton, I smoked a cigarette and lingered us long as possible, happy with my well-beloved, thon kissing hor fondly i was compelled to. take -n hansom to - Berkeley square, promising lior to return, at tlio earliest- possible moment, nnd expressing confi-' denee that our lovo would lust always. Tho carl, grumbling at my tardy arrival, was busy in his library with a number of important despatches relating to our affairs in tho East. When ho had oxprosscd displeasure that I hud not been waiting to receive him ho added : — ' But there, I suppose now you are married, Dcedcs, your wifo is exacting . — thoy always arc. She likes you to dino with lior, oh ?' 'Yes,' I admitted, smiling. 'I did dino at homo.' ' Ah, I thought so,' snapped ' tho shrewd old minister. 'A good dinner and your wife's smiles were of mora consequoneo to yon than England's prestige with tlio Sultan, eh ?' I mndo no auswer to this sarcasm, hut began busying myself with tho corre spondence, packing it away in the despatch-bag and sealing it for delivery to Hnmracrtoii, tho messenger, who was waiting iu an adjoining room ready to tako it to Constantinople. Not until eleven o'clock was I able to get away from Berkeley 'square, and leaving tire aged statesman alono, deeply immersed iu the puzzling applications for advice of all sorts from Her Majesty's roproBentativos at the various courts of Europe, I drovo back to Phillimora Gardens. ' : On , arrival homo my first question of-, Juclcos was whether Ella was in tho ' drawing-room. ' " 'No, sir. 'Madame is out, sir.' /.v.'.vf? . ' Out ! "When did sho go out'?.' . ..' - ; / _ ' About an hour after you had loft, sir,' replied the man. ' She has gone- into tho country, I beliovo.' ' ' Into the country ? What' makes you think SO ?' . .. :-iy . 'Becauso she .put on her travelling dress and took two trunks with her,':hoi- answored. ' Roberts; hor maid;.saysshe ! packed tho boxes herself tlireo'' days ago.' ' ' : 'Did she say where sho was going?'.: I inquired breathlessly. ' 'No, sir. Sho left no messago-witlvv anyone.' . . . ; , \- , Entering the drawing-room witUYmy!; oyorcoat still on." I- noticed lying iipon- hor' littlo rosewood eseritoire, a-; hbtb'j addressed to mo. 7f"; Eagerly I took it up, tere it Vopbn;;:; and read its contents. There wero only/i a few hurriedly scrawled words— a brio?!- and formal farewell. 77-' 'You cannot trast me,' -she, JwVbteJ'S 'therefore we nro best apart. Do-rabtl attempt to follow mo,' for -you 'cannot?1 find mo. Do not think .ill vbf:;nfe/i;iqi<>'i; oven if I have yri'onged , and -dpbmved-7 you, I havo novcrthoiess heen your ,- friend.' . .' 7 f It commbnced formally, withouteanyr1!, endearing term, and couolnded abruptly. ! with tho two words, ' Your wife.';' . v'-.-V For a fow moments I Btood vy'ith it in- my hand, staring at it in blank' a'mazoi ment. Thon it oeourrod to mo that iu£ that very escritoire she . keptallSo correspondonoo, and it wns moro ' thah ? probable that I might learn" th'c-fruth;"- from some of the letters therein cwi- ' taincd. v - w> is 