Onr Melbourne Letter, BT TOBIAS. Those great parliamentary representatives of labour, Trenwith and Hancock, invite the Public Service to affiliate with the Trades' Hall. This ia an insult past all endurance. Fancy the " curled darlings" of Toorak breathing the same vitiated, plebeian atmosphere as the Lygon Street push. I remember listening to Trenwith one night, seven or eight months After he was returned to the House, while speaking upon a question affecting the status of the Public Servants, Before he went into Parliament, his hand was on the throat of capitalists and all employers of labor, as the natural and bloated foe of the working man! After beiug acclimatised to his new surroundings, and brushing shoulders with a new order of people, Trenwith became pompous, and alluded half-a-dozen times in the course of a short specch to the Public Servants as our employes J Verily, circumstances alter cases. He may rest assured that the day is far distant when the Public Serviee of this country will affiliate with the Trades' Hall. They have not fallen to that yet, and it is to be hoped, never will, * # * * * * Nothing is talked of just now but murder. The Elizabeth St. tragedy is hailed by (he press as a veritable god* send in the heat of our arid season. The steam of excitement will now last until the Federal Convention elections are in full swing. To my thinking, therd is far too much said and written about that brutal murder. I'd hang the bloodthirsty young ruffian for what he is—hang him like a dog—despite his innocent-looking face. Do you know what I tell you straight, that the incipient spawn of hell, capable of committing saoh a brutal murder as this, is also capable «f defaming the dead and blasting the memory of his victim, to save his own worthless neck on the plea of manslaughter. Not only the voice, but the hand, are those of an outside influence—and oh ! the pity of it! * * * * # # * I'm about to set out on the warpath, old and all as I am. I can stand this life of literary drudgery no longer, especially as I am not paid reg—[take care,. Tobias. If you wore» upon the turn it will tread upon you.] If my letter then suddenly ceases to put in an appearance, take the calamity with composure, and reflect that I am in pursuit of fortune, unaided by the golden wand of literature. Yes, sir, I am in search of the heiress to whom the late Mrs Silas Harding bequeathed an immense fortune—a quarter of a million ! Miss Oldham, this ravishing beauty in the eyes of all men, is the object of my pursuit. I have already tried for the richest, Miss Edith Walker, of Sydney—no go ! I now start forth in pursuit of the second richest, with oolonial cheek, as the least prominent portion of my equipment. If I fail, you will hear from me as usual next week. # * ^ * # * * If one were disposed to doubt the proximity of a great electioneering campiagn, the amount of protectionist literature flying about just now would promptly undeceive him, and dispel the delusion. This unusual activity indicates that the protectionist party fear for the stability of the " settled policy." The Free Trade party are slumbering inactive, and the exponents of the great cause are partially if not wholly voiceless. This mistake may cost them dear, should they continue to lull themselves in fancied security. Free trade is not the " settled policy" of the country, and its apostles cannot afford to doze upon the pillow of inactivity, while their opponents are utilizing the shining hour. * * * # * # When the Public Service gave their grand outing in the bay a few days ago, it was well that their continuous exercise and amusement of "heaving the log" precluded the possibility of being vaccinated by . Trenwith's radical and socialistic principles. He would give the Pnblic Servants, he said, the privilege of taking as activa a part in public and political matters as any other factor of the community. Imagine to what this arcadia of concessions would lead! We would have the discontented legion roundly abusing their superior officers, the permanent head, and the Minister pro tem. on every conceivable occasion. We would invest them with privileges denied to their pay-masters, and would subvert every principle of discipline, through all the branches of a dissatisfied and ever-grumbling service. No, Trenwith, they hava quite enough \iberty as it is, Though I am no bicyclist as vet» acting on the principles inculcated by the poet, which says: " Be not the first by whom the new is tried ; nor yet the last to lay tho old aside," still I sympathise with the cyclist, and deeply, gravely sympathise with the companies and manufacturers who have embarked energy and brains and capital in the new industry. Yarram has spoken out, and bicycling is doomed ! They held an Agricultural Society Sports at Varram a few days ago, and scornfully put aside the proposal that, a biey«ele race be an event of the day. Bicycles, they argued, have destroyed our horse-breeding industry, and bicycles must go under, or Yarram would know the reason why. They would not foster the accursed thing, and refused to give a penny for a bicycle race. This is too bad. too terrible, too inhuman ! They might have killed this unconscious curse of the Yarram horse breeders slowly and in parts, and let down the industry gently ; but no ; by one fell swoop they have extinguished the bike, and destroyed a great and promising industry. The spirit of thy relentless hate, O Yarram, will haunt thee to the end for this merciless and mercenary act of ruthless annhilation. * # * • * * The contractor, who appropriates the refuse in the shape of broken victuals at the Benevolent Asylum, sent in a strong protest the other day, complaining of the falling off in the quantity of his purchased perquisites. He feeds 20 pigs less now, he complains, than before the new superintendent's appointment. This is a grave charge against the new boss, unless it can' be showu that the decreased supply of offal goes to minister to the wants of 20 additional patients, who haze suplanted the pigs alluded to by the contractor in his letter. If this be the case, the superintendent, who was appointed for his severe religious proclivities, has scored a point. • * * * * * On Friday night last an extensive robbery of gold from the Oceana was discovered as she lay alongside the Port Melbourne pier. As on each of the four previous occasions, when a robbery of an almost similiar character was perpetrated, 5000 sovertigns disappeared. No trace of the missing gold has yet been discovered, and the detectives have accompanied the boat to A delaide with a view of prosecuting their search and investigations up to the last movement. The haul is a good one, and there can be no doubt that the perpetrator was familior with the ship arrangements, and quito at at home iu the surroundings of his enterprising exploit. The loss falls on the P. and O. Company, while the moral effects mu6t needs bear heavily upon the principal officers of the boat. On a similar occasion when 5000 sovereigns were stolen from the strong room of the Iberia nearly 8 years ago, all the officers had their services dispensed with for manifest carelessness, though no shadow of suspicion rested morally upon the unfortunate men. Weiberg's sensational robbery of £5000 about 20 years ago, and the robbery on the New Zealand boat Tamara in 1880 completes the list of daring and successful attempts to loot mail boats of their precious and movable cargo. In 20 years we have thus had 20,000 sovereigns annexed. Not a bad record this. A missing, steward has given rise to a clue in the present case, a clue, however, which is likely to prove vain, in the estimation of the detectives. * * * * # # The miserable pessimistic growler, who sees no improvement in our financial affairs, must needs go forth on the high ways of life determined not to see. Railways, trams, customs, general revenue,—all add their individual items to swell the general testimony of improvement. And now comes the Post Office Savings Banks with their overwhelming and convincing proof of improved times. The increase in deposits over withdrawals, we are officially informed, now amounts to four or five thousand pounds per week. And this is not the outcome of a lack of trust in the stability of our ordinary banking institutions. Confidence in our financial corporations is almost wholly restored, so that tho increased business in our Savings Bank is the purely natural outcome of increased prosperity among the industrial classes, by whom the state institution is priucipaly patronised. Hurrah! then, for better times, and a new land boom in the near future ! * * *. * * « * Premier Reid ir- .. hard to have a universal hilidsv proclaimed on the 4th of March, the day on which the elections to the Federal Convention arc to be held. He has done so, as fur as the mother colony is concerned, and wishes the others to go and do likewise. It is scavccly likely, however, tlmt our Sir George will fall in with t his arrangement, designed only for the benefit of public servants and hotel keepers,—publicans and sinners! The election for the Assembly is not thus honored, and as the national enthusiasm of the people is still comparatively dormant, there is no reason to suppose that the Convention election wiil be specially favored on the coming occasion. * * * # * * Some excitement obtains in Sydney over the proposed nomination of Cardinal Moran to tho Federal Council. While there can be no doubt that the Cardinal would receive such a strong support as would piace his election beyond the pale of uncertainty, there are thousands of people, among whom Homan Catholics aro an influential factor, who doubt the expediency of such a departure in the political arena. Should the Cardinal persevere in his candidature, there is no reason why every denomination, whose strength is equal to the trial, should not send forth its representative to do battle in the cause of Federation. This introduction of the religious element into a great national cause would be a public calamity. It is believed, however, that more prudent counsels will prevail, and that Cardinal Moran will recognise the wisdom of personally abstaining from identifying his church with the coming contest-. Some months ago you predicted in one of your leading articles that Chief Justiça Way, of South Australia would receive tho appointment to the Privy Council, which has been created latterly in the interests of the colonies. Your prediction has been verified, and ** Sammy " is the man. Thus the cable announces. What a " slap in the face" to Now South Wales is this! In the eyes of the Sydney people there was only one man qualified for the post, and that wa-s their Windeyer—oue man who only had a ghost of a show in the running, the Chief Justice of New South Wales, the mother colony, the Australia of Australia. It will take days and weeks and month* to heal this latest imperially-inflicted sore. The people of New South Wales are as sensitive as they are cheoky. 