THE BTJOTJ THEATRE. When tho boll tinkled and the curtain was rung up at the Bijou on Saturday evening and there was displayed the picturesque circle of old favourites, chief among whom was of course mt. xomrny nucison, witn ris wonarous smile — it might almost be termed a worldly stnita, for it would be no exaggeration to say that it stretched from China in the east to South Australia in tho south— the overflowing house scut up a roof-raising cheer of welcome. The merry niinstreliata broke forth into song with tho introductory overture 'Home once moro.' Space scorned for the nonce annihi lated, and wo were carried back to fourteen months ago, the timo that has elapsed since Hudson's Surprise Party loft these shores on their Eastern tour. Having conquered the potentates of those climes where thoy have late been journeying^ tho happy company were delisrhtcd with tbo right royal reception they received 'at home, and they one and all entered into their work with tho greatest of zest to show their appreciation of the cordial greetings. After Miss Lillio Linton, the conversa tionalist, and the fnnny 'Tommy' had had sn amusing speech-sparring match, the Thornton Sisters gave a lively song and dance medloy, 'Jubilation,' for which they were recalled. Miss Lilian Stan bridge, whose excellent soprano voice has if anything im proved, delighted her hearers with the number 'Fetters of gold.' Messrs. McKisson and Kcarns brought down tho houso with their acrobatic song and danco, 'Southern country,' their precision and tho capital timo they kept in thuir evolution) eliciting the warmest encomiums. Miss Violet Elliott, who will bo remembered as singing 'The Quaker' in 'In Town,' and who joined the Surprise Party to go East, gave a vory sympa thetic rendering of 'The chimney oornor,' and the house insisted on an encore Tho lady's expression and enunciation were very effective, her lower and middle notea were lound. full, and pica- ing, but her upper register was not so cood. She was, now orer, under the disadvantage of the fatigue of travel, and her best oSorts will be heard later on. Mr. Hudson con tributed the humorotte and jubilee refrain 'I want ma honey,' and it is safe to say that age cannot wither nor custom stalo the evergreen minstrel's infinite variety. A vociferous recall followed bis ludicrous funninoss. There might be such a thin* as 'Too much John ion,' but it would bo highly criminal to hint at 'Too much Hudson.' JPttite Ida Rosslyn, with her merry eyes, winsome face, and lively presence, is as cheering to tho spirits as a glass of champagne; her sorio offuuon and danco 'The jolly piri' met with an undoubtedly healthy encore. Bnt Mr. Wallace Kins roccived tho ovation of the evening. He had to stand bowing tor several minutes to thunders of applause. His rendering of 'By tho waters' earned for tho tenor another demon*, ttration of approbation, and he responded with his favourite 'Sallio Homer.' After a piano interlude by Mr. H. Burton, Altro, tbe clever equilibrist, renewed his Kqaintance with the Adelaido public, and bis sloan and dextrous business found is much favour as of yore, and that is sayinc a great deal. The proprietor, in the words of the bill, then rhapsodized ' and parodized about tho ' Maid of Athens,' and, assisted by Miss L. Linton, introduced a side-splitting burlesque an the modern drama. Miss May Habgood, whose playinit is so much enjoyed, gavo a mpital interpretation of 'Air do ballet' [Ohaminade), and ' Scherzo brillante' ( Wollen- bauft). ? Miss Ida Rosslyn was bountifully Ate while she told of the ' People we meet' in the Strand. Messrs. Watkins and Sherwin bave recently joined the party, and in this juad Mr. Hudson has secured an undoubted acquisition t3 the show. Tho one is as funny u the other is clever in producing music »nd meritorious' music, too, from all ?orts and conditions of instrument*, the selections on the mandolin,. sleigh bells, fairy harp, cow bells, funnels, accordeons, and billiard cu«s wore worth tho money alone. The Town Hall chimos, clear, full, and rhythmical, now soft and echo-like, now swelling and resound ing, which were poured forth from a miniature aesordeon, excited quite a furore of appUuse. Blumenthal's ' An evening song.' arranged as a vocal quartet by Miss May Hatxrood, and snng by Misses Stanbridge and Elliott and Messrs. Wallace King and Reed, was ono of tho gems of the cvouing. Miss Jessie Wil liams was billed fora 'Grotesque legmania specialty.' Tiio younc lady it a wonderful high-kicker, and can put herself into all sorts of almost impossible positions, but her most difficult feats are not the most graceful of her turn. The ontertainment concluded with a laughable sketch entitled 'Dr. Brown's Troubles; or Thompson's Ghost,' and the, andienco must havo gone home smilincr,* determined to tako the first onportunitv to tell their friends to go and, see the donators of mirth and music 