S T O R Y . Confession of a Physician. (Continued.) >1116. JtllSI.ANll. This lady received me with the greatest cordiality nnd euipresseuient when 1 was called to attend her husband. 'Miss llarnsford is a friend of mine," fclie said, " and I Imve often heard her speak of you. Our doctor died last week, aud 1 was so distressed to lie obliged to jmt my dear husband infrcsli hands, until 1 thought of you. Everybody MVS you arc so clever and scientific and successful. Von will have to prescribe for two, I can <ell you. My husband's health gives nie, at times, great anxiety. 3 am perfectly miserable abont liini if his little linger aches. 1 don't suppose there is much the matter with him, rcahy, but I am so foolish about him. His health has been slowly failing him for some lime. It is so strange. His father and grandfather died young. I sometimes fear but now that you have como, I am sure all will be well. With your skill he cannot fail to get well. Come up stairs." She was a handFotne woman of about thirty. She was Lent upon ingratiating herself with me, but with every word of this speech 3. felt an increase of (he feeling of dislike with which she had inspired me before she opened her lips. 11 have a habit of regarding strangers attentively. I looked closely at her—nt her cold, black eyes (that so belied her warm words) and ilie heavy Wows above them; noted her excessive, unusual paleness and thin lips, and a kind of imperious grace which characterized her every movement. Finding that I did not '• rise " to 3icr compliments, eIic be came warmer, more flattering, more bent upon making a good impression than evor. When Bhe hnd assured me that 1 stood at the head of my profession, head and shoulders above every doctor ill the country, from all she could hear, I cut short her glovvin periods. " Shall I go upstairs," I inquired. A red spark appeared in the black eyes and the thin lips tightened : then her smiles oceanic profuse again. " Modest, of course; that means ' merit.' " she remarked, " and now I 'know'that my husband will gel well at once." She took me up to her bedroom and introduced me to a perfect ghost, the most emaciated creature that 3. ever saw in all my professional experience. Ah, there you arc, darling. Who is that ?'' he feebly whispered. Mrs. Morlaud embraced him fondly ; kissed his hair, his hands ; shook up his pillows, straightened the bed-clothes assured him that I would have him up in a week, seated herself on the foot of the bed—" to be near her precious.'' 1 When I left the house 1 felt it my duty to tell Mrs. Morland ' that her husband was seriously ill. She laughed in my face. " Oh ! he is always thin, and sickness tells on him more than on most men. He lias no constitution. In a week or two, very likely, he'll be looking like another creature."' She was right: in a week or two lie did improve amazingly—but ill three days more he was worse than ever. " That is just like him—poor, preciou one! He has been going on like (his for months," she remarked to me, standing at the head of the stairs : and I daresay will keep it up for twenty years." The front door opened at (hi; moment. Mv back was toward it, my eyes fixed on Mrs. Borland's face. As I looked, she glanced past me and blushed, a dull, suppressed blush that was yet wonderfully becoming. " Oh ! the mail to wind tlie clocks," slie remarked. "James;! am not at home to any one," she said, " except on business." Her man-servant paid no heed. " Captain Sauuder^ -madam," ho announced, as lie mounted the stairs : " you always sees him." 1 turned and saw n natty, well-dressed man, of a bold, military type, disappear into the back diniug-room. Mr. Moi'laud's case interested me beyond measure. 1 could not make out, for the life of me, what ailed (he man. I exhausted every hypothesis and theory 1 could possibly form about him. He had been in India, and I finally came to the conclusion that he had absorbed a whole swamp into his system and that it had shattered him completely. " Such rigors, such nausea, such exhaustion ; a convulsion yesterday. a convulsion to-day. 1 can't understand it, madam," I exclaimed "Has your sewerage been overhauled lately ? What has he been eating ? Canned vegetables ? Only a mineral poison, it seems to me, could account for it." 1 was looking at Mrs. M.or\nnil as I spoke. Her face became rigid ; her eyes took on lhat curious masked look which tells of a soul on guard ; the muscles of her jaw were tense. "She is afraid of alarming him," I thought. " Why, you ought to know what he cats ; you order it yourself. And cook prepares it, and 1 see every mouthful he takes. You Know I won't trust him to a nurse, at all," she replied, with great rapidity. She rose and laid aside her work, and went and bent over husband. " Don't you mind what the doctor says, precious, you arc all right. We'll have you up for our wooden wedding yet— see if we don't!" she said, and stroked liis hair and patted his arm and kissed him affectionately. - " Oh ! I think so—perhaps," the Jiiud fellow said. " Did you ever sec Eucli a woman, doctor, as my wife ? She hasn't taken oil her clothes for two nights. , £ can't make her leave inc." Helook her hand and kissed it, all his honest heart in his eyes. " 1 said I thought I.'d get well to please hei - ;" < he eaid to me. " She is perfectly wrapped up iu me : she always savs she only lives for me—though what she sees in me I can't imagine. JSnt 1 don't know—sometimes I think I It is a comfort io rue to think that nty wife is all right if anything should happen to me. I've insured uiy iifc in three companies for seventy thousand dollars, m her favor." I congratulated hini on his forethought and prudence. I left him, but 1 did not like the rate at which his pulse was galloping aud, contrary to my usual custom, I slipped in at dusk to see him again James admitted me. 1 was shown inlo a little boudoir olf the drawing-room. James reported presently that I could go up in a few minutes, and betook himself to the basement. It grew quite dark while I was waiting. 1 heard voices iu the hall. " In l ore, my darling,'' said Mrs. Morlaud. in a low voice : "the gas isn't, lit, but we don't mind that." 1 half rose. Kol much," 1 now hoard in a deep voice—masculine and amative. 'J'he couple entered the room adjoining and took possession of a small sofa on 1 he other side of the portiere. I wnnleii to see tny patient—1 hated the role of eavesdropper—hesilntcd a moment and sat dmvn again. In iho next five minutes 1 was considerably enlightened. Mrs. Morlaud and the stranger were lovers, and no mistake, if words and oscillations were to be tni?r,ed. ] now dared not leave, simply. His visit over, the gentleman left. Mrs. Morhind herself lit the gas in the hall and showed nie Captain Kauuders. They were far too much occupied with each other to think of anybody else. The captain dismissed, Mrs. Morlnud was about to enter the boudoir ; 3 slipped into the dining-room aud waited there until she seemed to me to have been iu there an hour. 1 could dimly see her sitting on the sofa J had occupied, lost in meditation. She went slowly upstoirs, finally, and I made my way out on tip-toe. '* So this is the way that Mr. Morland's devoted wife serves he 'precious' husband, I thought, and found food for much reflection in the fact. For a week after this Mr. Morlaiid was desperately ill, and, 1 confess it. I had my suspicions. 3 n spite of sober sense and a hatred of melodrama 1 could not dismiss them, livery day 1 saw Mrs. Morhind, She expressed the most intense anxiety and grief of the most tragic kind : but all the same 1 caught at the windows of her soul those fiithomlfcss black eyes— a glad devil on the day 3 told her that her husband could not possibly live. Theie could be no mistake. I thought him "in extremis." 35ut lie rallied again. He must have had a constitution of iron, or rather of steel. Two days later 1 went to see him ; walking up-staire unannounced. Mrs. Morlaud was standing at the window of her dressing-room Her hack was toward nie. She was holding up ii glass and looking at it critically with the light shining through it, I stepped up quietly behind her and took it out. of her hand before she could wink. She wheeled round. J. had shuddered when 3 first became convinced of her guilt. I almost pitied now her craven fear. The next moment she raged and Ktonned. ) had only said : '' What are von adding, madam, to mv prescription ?" lint she accused nie of hating and insulting her. Mr. Mor laud's phial was on the table in front of her. She tried to bullv me into giving up the glass : it was useless. She tried to cajole nie outof it, but without effect. Finally she tried to bribe me : whereupon 1 turned on my heel aud walked dowustaics. I sent for her tin; next day. after seeing Mr. Morlaud. I told her what 1 had found u that glass. She had done the thing very fitnpirily. Crime is always stupid. I told her that ]ier safety and my silence depended on tliiee things : Mr. Morhind was to got well : Captain Saunders was to bo dismissed ; Mr. Morland's insurance policies wore not to be. renewed. The fury of the look she gave nie ought to have been fatal, and would have been if she had been one of Hulwcr's evil heroines. Mr. Morland got well, and a reputation for curing swauip fever was now added to my past triumphs. (To be continued.) 