A WIDOW ON WHEELS. The question of the proper bicycling costume for ladies has not yet been settled. It is generally understood that the Knickerbocker suit is the most convenient ; but women do not appear at present to have the courage of their understandings. A few days ago, however, I saw a costume which struck me as peculiarly appropriate. The wearer—to judge by her head-dress was a widow. And she wore an elegant pair of knickerbockers made of crape. Could she have more gracefully indicated the combination of wheel and woe ?—" The New Budget." There are many men who are afraid of ghosts who have no fear of spirits. There are two parts to every enterprise, great or small—the planning or preparation, and the active carrying out of the plans adopted. Fear, or rather caution, belongs to the first ; hope, energy, and courage to the second. If either is allowed to intrench upon or absorb the other, defeat to that extent will ensue. All probable difficulties, obstacles, or untoward contingencies should be looked squarely in the face and fully provided for. But, when the time of action arrives, courage and resolution should take their place. Then it is that, if a prudent circumspection has guarded against the dangers, a manly and hopeful spirit may defy them. Rose Bushes.—In order to secure a pro- fusion of bloom ; rose-bushes should be pruned every year ; yet many families having rose bushes in their yards never prune a bush ; consequently the crop of blossoms is necessarily light and of inferior size. Per- haps there is no other bush that will bear so much pruning. Ordinarily, the canes need to be cut back to a bare stub ; then, new stems will be produced, on the end of which there will be one or more roses. Amateurs should know that roses will grow on the new wood that is produced the present season. All of our own rose-bushes are cut back to about two feet in height ; the old stalks are cut to the ground, and the bushes that are allowed to remain consist of short stubs, a half dozen of which will yield a more abun- dant crop of large roses than twice the number of stalks that have not been pruned. In case the ground should be be rich as to produce an unusually large number of new items, let a part of them be cut off. By removing a part of the stem, all the vigor of the bush will be concentrated in developing a few large roses of exquisite beauty. Iron filings, iron turnings, and the litter of black- smith's shops are excellent to work into the ground about growing flowers of any sort. The iron or ferruginous material that the roots will collect from iron, imparts a rich and velvety appearance to the petals of the roses and other flowers. Rose-bushes ought to be primed early in the season, before the sap begins to flow ; and when the new shoots are growing pinch off the end to prevent a long, slender growth. After a stem is six to ten inches long, if it appears small, pinch off the end just enough to remove the bud ; the cap will then form a more stocky growth. It is a good practicc to remove the old stalks every two or three years. Small farms in a district mean a great many advantages—better roads, frequent schools, better prices for produce, better cultivation, improved implements, lower taxes, and more frequent consultations among farmers for the advancement and protection of their interests ; and when low prices and pinching times come, the small farm owner has a decisive advantage over the great propritor ; he weathers the storm because he is out of debt, and when it has passed he is fond still safe under his roof, while debt, mortgage, and a sheriff's sale have swept the great farmer off to another region. When Foreign secretary Lord Dudley, dining with Prince Esterhazy, the Hungarian Crœsus, who used to strew Almack's with fallen diamonds (the London tradition says about three hundred pounds' worth every evening he attended), was put out at finding none of his favorite humble delicacy, he kept muttering in his absent way, " God bless my soul, no apple pie." 