THE RELIGION OF THE CHINESE. - v Tlie strongest of all religious feelings in China, which has nothing whatever to do with Buddhism, is that of reverence for cue's predecessors. It is weaker in the extreme north than in the south ; . but that is only natural, when we con sider the influence of the Tartars, many of whom still dispise the old and neglect the deaa. Notwithstanding this, the feeling may be described as universal. The idea seems to be that each human being if merely a link in the endless family chain, and that if ancestral sacri fices are neglected, or male heirs not forthcoming, the continuity of existence will be broken. Thus it is that, however common .infanticide maybe, male chil dren are never murdered. Unmarried females being almost an unknown nheno - inonen in Chins, and a woman ceasing on marriage to belong to her father's family, women are regarded much in the light of merchandise. In the same way tha continuity of existence is broken by the loss of a limb; hence the deeply rooted objection to surgical operations. In the whole empire ii is hardly possible'to find a Chinaman with but one arm or leg. A criminal naturally dislikes execution, and strangulation is much more painful than decapitation; yet with the head on the shoulders one can always make a nresent able appearance in the world to come. That world, according to the Chinaman's inborn'notions, is simply a repetition of the present one, and nothing more: the same mandarins, squeezes, pleasures, and evils. The idea in sacrificing to the spirits is to keep them quiet in their new sphere, and to prevent - them from coming back to " howl" for assist ance. Even the Emperor, in conferring posthumous honors, invariably ?winds up with the words, " and this in order to comfort the migrated soul." So . far as a Chinese has any anticipations of future bliss, he simply contemplates a repetition of his present experiences. If hie is a bad man here, he will be one there; hence he conforms his conduct to good just so far as he does so with a view of gaining human credit on earth, ana no further. There is no dread of death, except in so far that it is painful and it"sad severance. Though the Buddhist stories of heaven and hell are freely repeated, no Chinaman seriously believes them, nor is, his conduct ever motived, as it is with Christians, bv hopes and fears of what iuav happen ih a future life. The true attitude of the intelligent classes towards religion is that ofiicially laid down by the Emperor Tao Kwang, grandfather of the present Emperor. It is in effect, " .All religions are nonsense; but-the silly people have always believed in ghosts and after-life,' and, therefore, in order to conciliate popular feeling, we are - disposed to protect evety belief, including Christi anity, so long as there is no interfer ence with the old-established customs of the State." Confucius had no religion, and even declined, to diseuss the ques tion ; his system is revered simply as the embodiment of decency and order. Prom our point of view there is a slight touch of-priggishness about it; but, anyway, it is the Chinese version of " the'religion of a gentleman," even though the gentle men may not exist in Urge numbers. As to the popular attitude towards religion, it need not be discussed at all from an academical point of view, being siinnly a bundle of ignorant prejudices! From a practical point of view it is. of course, extremely important, for It is by no means a matter of indifference to us that the Chinese peasant or laborer should imagine that we use babies' eyes for photography, indulge in monstrous im moralities, despise our ancestors, play religious tricks with convert women, and such like things. These superstitions are not grosser or more dangerous than were the middle-age notions current in Europe touching witchery, heresy, and supernatural agency. It is simply a question of education ; not only book« learning, but good roads, travel, com merce, interchange of thought, kind treatment, and reasonable concession on our own side. Buddhism was first heard of in Chiaa almost exactly 2000 years ago. China was at war with the Scythians and her envoy, who had been sent to the Pamir region to try aud create a diversion against these fierce Tartars, heard, whilst in Afghanistan, of India and its fout'u faith. This is the modern pronunciation of two Chinese syllables, which then spelt the 'sound Vaddhu, or "Budh," and which are still pronounced in Japan Both-our English word " bonze." A hundred 3'ears later the Indo-Scythian king reigning in the TTdjana, and Balkh region, orally communicated the Budd hist canon to a Chinese envoy, or traveller ; and this is the very first the Chinese ever heard of images or precise teachings. Emperors alternated between slavish adoration and brutal scepticism. In S39 there were 265,000 monks aud nuns in the empire; in S45 all the monasteries were destroyed, Neither the Cuthayau nor the Golden Tartar dynasties of North China did much for or against Buddhism, but ths Mongols supported all religions. Kublai was greater under the Tibetan priest, Paspa. The later Mongol Em perors were poor superstitious creatures, "and may be said to have been dyuastically ruined by pandering to grossly corrupt Buddhism. The native Chinese dynasty of Ming, which succeeded the" Mongols, and reigned until the Manchus conquered China, 250 years ago, kept Buddhism within strict bounds. In 1430 the Em peror said ; ** In our own day men are superstitious as ever." A century later one of his successors burnt all Buddhist sanctuaries in the palace precints, de stroyed all books andimages, aud pitched the holy relics away. One, however, is still in existence, under a stupa near the "Marble Bridge of Pekin. The Manchus have from the first made intelligent use of Buddhism as a political lever. 