RELIGION AND MORALS. Aba meeting of Glasgow Free Presbytery, Mr. Forsyth gave in the reporbon " Religion and Morals." It stated that church atten- dance in proportion to tbs membership was fairly good. The chief causes of the non- attendance were given as Indifference, sloth, the rage for football and other athletic games, lute shop hours, intemperance, poverty, " Sabbath pleasuring," and in- creased railway facilities for week-end holidays. With regard to the methods to interest the people, one minister reported that the success of his meetings was due to the fact that' they were short, suggestive, and ." sappy." (Laughter.) A minister, in reporting upon the work among the yoting, said that the average young mun bad no enthusiasm and no religion. As to hindran- ces, drink headed the list. Then followed football, gambling, and billiards, The com- mittee felt that what was needed was a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost, and that this alone would beget a spirit of prayer. Dr. Stalker said the committee might vary their report from year to year. They might look into the homes of tho people and try to lind out whether there was discipline on the part of the parents, and obedience on the part of the children : whether family wor- ship was observed, ' They might also look at the amusements of the people, and what kind of language was employed by the people in their hours of freedom. They might look Into the workshops to ascertain whether working people were giving an honest day's labour, and whether masters were giving a right wage. They might look into public libraries to find what kind of books the people were reading, and also learn whether organs.of public opinion guided the people or served Mammon, or were the mere mouth fiieces of apolitical party. They might look nto the Town Council, and find whether there were men serving tho community from Patriotic motives or serving themselves, hese things' concerned the religion and morals of the city as much as the particular question in the report. The Rev. Dr. Wells said his experience as a minister and missionary among the poorest and among those who were nob so poor, deepened iii him ono supreme conviction that unlesB ministers and elders were able to do real pastoral work, and find an oppor- tunity of becoming personally acquainted with their younger people, and como into friendly relations with them' on a far larger scale than just now, they might have any number, of agencies, but they would lose some of the very, richest opportunities of useful- ness-within their reach. He hud been absolutely amazed to And the lack of this In quarters where it should not have been lucking. 