CORRESPONDENCE. THE CODLIN MOTH ACT. (To the Editor.) Sir,-I note in yours of 18th inst. a re ply to mine on the above act, in which I complained of my treatment as as instance of the absurd and un-English working of this law. Instead of arguing with the Ringarooma Fruit Board or its employees, I forward the documents they favoured me with 'gratis'-"all for nothing"-and would call your attention to a few written lines by the inspector on the back of it, in which he stated "strict" enforcement on several clauses, which were duly marked. Clauses 8 to 10 I specially draw your attention to, as this is where Mr. Eccleston and myself come into collision. If this does not mean "to remove hedges, fences, houses, cocksfoot, and other grasses," what on earth does it mean? 1 enclose also copy of my letter to Ringarooma Fruit Board, praying an extension of time to lot my cocksfoot ripen, and also their curt and august refusal. I considered it such, as I had already removed a fence and hedge of many years' growth, and a bee-house of some considerable ex tension. This might have been a green house, into which (had it not been removed) I might have invited Mr. Eccleston to argue matters, as I have not seen him inside my orchard at all this year, and lie might have judged my caseo' with more correctness. As regards my assertion that the present inspector examined my bandages last year, I was with him, or his ghost, when lie took the bandages off, and I have a witness to the fact. It is a simple matter for you, Mr. Editor, to make convincing enquiries as to whether lie was not round as in spector, and acted as such. Why did lie not tell me then they were placed wrongly? Regarding the number of infected apples found, the writer must have been very much misinformed. Apples of all descriptions were put in that kerosene tin, and the com mon sense of all growers must tell them that the affected fruit would not predomi nate. The second time I was so occupied that I could not go round with the inspec tor, and his heavy struggle must be taken with a grain of salt, for I have many wit nesses that I amn constantly picking and pick ing up every day, or my boy for me. This is only of importance in that all these various calls upon me have entailed great loss in the ruin of my cocksfoot seed and loss of apples, the time and labour expended on removing a fence and hedge, ruining one side of my orchard, and removing hedge out of it The reply of Mr. Eccleston is another proof that this absurd and ex tremely objectionable act requires revision, and that too much power is placed in the hands of one man, to display his malice or otherwise. Mr. Eccleston invites me to con test the next election for the fruit board, but till this act is amended I decline the honour. Cannot someone else reply to my letter, more with a view to improve mat ters in effecting an amendment of this act, instead of misleading and annoying equivo cations?--Yours, etc., CEO. W. SALIER. Scottsdale, July 21. (The documents mentioned by Mr. Salier have been received.-Ed.) 