REVIEWS. Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Hon have sent to us, ; on behalf of the publishers, two new volumes j in Hntchinson's Colonial Library. The ; ".Uncanny Tales,"bespeaks its purpose in its : title. The book i3 designed and executed on ! old-fashioned ghost-story linos, and the narra- : tive of "The Shadow in the Moonlight1' deals : .with the strange proceedings of a spook who ; shared all a fond lover's hieing for walking j when the lustrous silvorn orb of night is at iLs : post in the firmament, whoso ruling pc.<: i mortem passion ran apparently in Uts dazzling- : jewellery line, n-nd who bohasefl altogether . in such" a freakish mrvnnw as would have j delighted the haart of" Mr. W. T. Stead', i Indeed, it is perhaps as weli that the ghost j has been laid to rest by Mrs. Moleswortti in 1 this volume; otherwise "the pood journalist"' j would probably have had him interviewed, or : even appointed sub-editor of " Borderland." j "A WeiL-meaning Woman," by Cio. Graves, I is the work of an author possessing a copious j Vocabulary of good English, to wlii.-h occasionally are unwisely added a few archaic | terms of not exactly self- coined words. The j ?writing is charmingly clear and incisive, and as for "the theme-well, those who swear by Ouida's lurid pictures of the: abominations of modern society as displayed'in "Views and Opinions" will not be disposed to swear at Clo. Graves's charooal sket hes.; The average reader may fancy that some of the heroes and heroine®, villains and yillaino«ses, are iUiWtt /ch(trti$'; ? te)S^ea!Iyi:lrat cinlli#«holo the 4x>ok shows that itscreatbr hai-'&n; enviable power M portraying the riot* and the virtues 6f human natureas itis in society* Tbegeneral iinprSSsion left by the- recital oftheeKperl ences of "awoll-meatiitig wonian"-that is/an inveterate match- maker-is that the oomitiff of the milleniuni does not appear to be a olossely impending event in the world of fft3bion, ana that one of Marie Corelli's latest heroes VVonld not lack congenial oorapany there. Still, glimpses of the better aspects of life are given,. and this thoroughly readable novel -has a purpose beyond that of mere entortaihraertt. Froni-the same booksellers " The Qaeen of the Moor," by Frederic Adye, Macmillan's Colonial Library, has reachod as. This work | has already gone into a seoond edition-a . fact which is a'practical proofof. popularity, and a pretty fair indication of special merit. I Mr. W. G. Rig by has eenit us' No. 321 of Macraillan's Colonial Library. This volume | is a republication of the series of remarkable articles contributed to London magazines by "Imperialist," it has a suppIerAen tary chapter by Dr. Jameson en titled "My Reminiscences of Cecil Khodes," and it is embellished with a map and por traits. As the hero of both writers is now a man of the time more completely than in the popular senso ho ever was before, this book is particularly timely, and its references to the I .Raid on the Band, tho raiders, and the Colossus of Rhodes are extremely interesting and serviceable. The Right Hon. Cecil I Khodes has a good literary hater in Mr. I Labouchere, but this work is an evi I donee of tho fact that he has also enthusi ! astic friends in the literary world. " About ' Catherine de' Medici," translated by Clara Beli, with a preface by George Saintsbury, is No. 305 of Macmilian's Colonial Library, and this also reaches us through Mr. W. C. Rigby. The productions of the famous author of " Comedie Humaine" require no comment. T»E "LUDOATE."- Whether for light fiction, short articles of general interest, literary excellence, or the character of its illustrations, r.he Lvdyate for April continues to hold its own as a sixpenny magazine of the highest class. Among the more prominent contributions are "Black and White_ Artists of To- day," "The House of Norfolk,' " Memories of Old Bow-street Police Court," "Duelling in Germany," and "Johnson's Bos well." " WHO'S WHO? 1897."-Wo havo rooeived from Messrs. A. & C, Black, the publishers, this annual publication, whioli will be found more useful than ever, inasmuch as many entirely new features havo been introduced. The biographical notices are now extended to all contemporary English men and women whose record has any public interest. Indeed, the vast majority of the numerous notices are autobiographical, so that the correctness of the information given is placed beyond all doubt. Mr. Douglas Sladen ia the new editor, and deserves every credit for tho care and trouble he has taken to make this edition as complete as possible. Still we must admit a slight feeling of disappointment when, with an old Australian identity responsible, reference to such well-known people as Australian Premier?-Messrs. Kingston and Reid to wit is conspicuous by its atmence. As some slight recompense, however, it may bo ni>ted that The lleiiutcr is the only Australian paper thought worthy of recognition. THE "WINDSOR MAGAZINE."-We have re ceived from Mr. W. C. Rigby the April number of that excellent publication the " Windsor Magazine," which maintains its place in the forefront of magazine literature, ; That vigorously written story "The \ Christian," by Hall Caine, is continued, while j seven cr.pital and diversified stories will prove j delightful reading. A novel article is "John I Bali's Balance-sheet," giving a splendid idea of "how the money comes and goes," by J. i Holt Schooling, a Fellow of tho Royal rftatisti- j cai Society, with illustrative diagrams by the author. The illustrations aro as numerous, j appropriate, and .irtistic as ever. | " TitePjctcrk OF TiTrcCisntiiry"."-VVohave : been shown by Messrs. J. Marshall and Co. a photogravure of the celobrated painting ; by W. E. Lockhart, U.S.A., "Tho Jubilee ! Celebration in Westminster Abbey, 1887.11 a I work which has been described as "a faithful ?? record of one of the most memo'ahle and I picturesque historical occurrences in tho j history of the nineteenth century." The ; original is in Windsor Castle, and it has been \ reproduced by permission of iter Majesty tho j Queen. The plate measures 37 in. by 30 in. | Messrs. James Marshall & Co., wiio have i secured the sole rights to sell tho work in i Scuth Australia, have twenty-four copies. I Sir Fowell Buxton and the Governors of the \ other colonies are subscribing. Considering | we aro on the eve of the Diamond Jubilee the reproduction of such a uni jue work is most fitting. It ia stated that the execution | of tho picture monopolized four whole years I of the artist's undivided time and efforts, necessitating many visits to the Courts of Europe to obtain sittings from the various royalties and personages depicted. It is averred that trio strain on tho artist was so overwhelming that since its execution ho has been entirely incapacitated so far as ful filling other orders is concerned. Thk "SCOTS Pr.Tro!ir.\r.,."-.We have re ceived from tho publishers the first number of an illustrated weekly journal published in I Edinburgh, Glasgow, ana London, styled the | Scots Pictorial. The very marked advance | which has been made in the method of illus- j trafcing periodicals of this class is taken full advantage of by tho proprietors, and a most intcrusting collection of photographic views are produced, which cannot fail to be of v«]ue, not only to those hailing from Scotia's hills, but to the general public. A feature is made of descriptive articles on li'lnq Scottish worthies, and the Duke of Argyll, who is tho first portrayed, is dealt with in a generous fashion. Scvoral photographs of pictures in tho Scottish Ac^ftomy arc reproduced. and j altogether the number, which is a remarkably good one..-£!vea promise for tho future. i 