H f e Sale. CARROLL O'DONOGHUE. CHAPTER L\L—(Continued). Carter bit his lip until the blood came in his effort to repress his baffled rage. "Am I, then, to have no reward for my work in behalf of the government, my lord ?" he asked, his voice husky and trembling. Lord Heathcote answered quietly : " None, Mr. Carter, save the testimony of your own conscience." He touched the bell; an attendant entered, and baffled, discomfited, humbled Carter was obliged to leave the room without uttering another remonstrance. The nobleman turned to Dennier, the anguish which he had striven to repress showing so painfully in his face that the young man- could not bear to look at it. " Walter," he said, speaking with difficulty, " I shall do every justice to you all save that of making any public acknowledgment—my wealth shall be at your disposal; it will enable Marie to bring a dower to him to whom she has already given her heart; it will place within your reach affluence for the lady you would wed ; aod it will give to this young priest, to whom my heart yearns, though I cannot yet entirely believe that he is my sop, enough to enable him to dispense his charities. For myself, my failing health has made me think for some time of resigning my onerous position —I shall now do so, and returning to England, I shall bury, in a life of quiet and retirement, this heart which has sustained so many shocks." "Father!", The young man knelt beside him—"Since your own voluntary act will give to her I would wed the protection of her brother and her home again, I ask no more. I shall devote my .life to you, .and my brother a^d sister will, I doubt not—" " Cease !" interrupted the nobleman, with something, of his olden sternness. " You do ndt understand me, Walter " —his voice softening. "I shall go away without seeing again those who remind me of that unhappy, that guilty past.' I shall bury, myself in a. solitude which they must not disturb. If you—the sole one whom Marie left to me when she took her guilty flight—if you choose to cheer my declining years —I feel they will be few—I shall accept the sacrifice ; understand, I place no restriction upon, as .much of the tale being tolti.as.may be necessary to make people know'that my daughter is not the child ofthe degraded man who claims her .as such. I only ask that my name be, spared !" " Po hot,fear, father," answered the young man, somewhat bitterly; "in the pain which must result from the thought of the^gaUt-which you still believe ad" ~ ' " " "" be nan bbleman, promised to me in for London .go tSaM'fi.W tl say that^ •triendsiTBT to-morrow? 1 Dennier took a hasty adieu,~and hurried to the hotel, where his friends so impatiently awaited him. "What a greeting was his—what a welcoming upon every side ! And as lie stood; one arm encircling Nora, the other hand clasped tightly in both of Fr. O'Connor's, and directly in front of him Fr. Meagher and Clare, and the whole party too excited, and too wildly joyfjil to do more than look at each other and give vent to their feelings by incoherent exclamations, he also gave himself, for the moment, entirely up to that unrestrained joy. He would not telL them yet of the sadness which oppressed his own heart—instead, he would whisper first into, Clare's ear the. story of her brother's pardon, and the restoration of his property. She re-' Seated aloud the delightful tidings, andthen, while joyous excitement again reigned, she seized his hands and cried her grateful tews upon them. He could" not restrain tife~ impulse- to stoop and whisper:; - " Have j made amends, for all the past,-Miss ODdhbghue ?" a : "Captain Dennier—Mr. Berkeley, I mean—how can yon ask ?" arid her beautiful eyes turned upon him with a look which thrilled him. ' At length Dennier's communication was entirely made—Lord Heathcote* s determination and liis own resolution. To leave them—to go back to England ! not even toaccompany them oft their return to Tralee in order to congratulate Carroll on his wonderful good fortuneHow Clare paled and quivered ! And then for the first time he read the reciprocation of his passion. He extended his hand while he ventured to whisper : "Clare—I may call you so this once —you will sometimes think of me—you will pray for me—you will hope with me that one day Heaven itself will interpose to rend this veil before my father's eyes, and that " She broke from him to conceal her painful blushes, but he ha;d read more than enough to convince him of a very blissful fact. He bade them all adieu, confiding his newly-found relatives to each other's care ; and promising to write speedily, he tore himself away, hurrying to the quarters of Captain Crawford, though it was long past midnight. CHAPTER LVII. Never was there a more exultant heart than that of Tighe a Vohr when he learned of Carroll's pardon ; it was only his respect for Fr: Meagher, the relator of the good tidings, which prevented him from throwing his caubeen up to the ceiling of the hotel parlour, and shouting aloud ; as it was, his body squirmed with contortions expressive of his efforts to contain his joy, and the moment he found himself below stairs.in the servants' quarters his comical gyrations, and the tricks through which he put Shaun, relieved his overcharged heart, and convulsed the domestics with laughter. He had one anxiety : how shouldl he ever wait the return to Tralee to be assured by the evidence of his own eyes that his young master, was once more free.. The-party, however, were already ^preparing for their return, and in a few hours all were once more on their whirling journey. On their arrival at Tralee they found Carroll's release still delayed by some preliminaries required by the law, but a couple of days sufficed for all ar rangements, and Carroll O'Donoghue, pale, emaciated, but a free man at last, was in the midst of his friends. No eye could remain dry, no heart without a wild palpitation, as they looked into his dear face, and felt that he had been rescued from the jaws of death itself. They would not wait to tell him, there in tlie.priyate apartment of the governor of the prison, the wonderful circumstances which had brought about his release, but in a private parlour of " Blenner's " whither they were immediately driven from the prison, and over a repast of which all were too excited to partake, the wonderful, wonderful story was told to Carroll. "And so, my lady-love," he said, playfully, to Nora, or Marie, as she was now called by her friends, " turns out to be a real lady after all—the daughter of a nobleman ! Why, it is like one of the romances we used to read in our childhood." Nora blushed, and was silent. There was one cloud, however, on the happiness of the little pSrty—the absence of Dennier, or W&ltef; Berkeley, as they now called the jfoung exofficer. Carroll sq yearaeAjo welcome him, and even Tighe a "Rohr, who had been favoured with an embrace from his young master as warm as any the latter had bestowed, wondered to himself why the Englishman kept away at this time, when he was so attentive to the little party before they started on that mysterious journey to Dublin. AniJ .in the. visit that he contrived to make to Corny O'Toole, before they all started for Dhrommacohol, when he had given Corny' tt- graphic account of P., J. Q'GonnoBi Merchant Tailor, next - Richmond Town HaIL A nice assortment of fashionable tweeda' just opened. FirStclass .tradesmen employed. : Prices, fit,anfl material guaranteed to give- satisfaction. % r trial'solicited.'" as .much as he kpew of the, wonderful events which had happened, lie concluded by saying : "You see,-Corny, the comfortable misgiving I had about something good coming of all them queer Journeys to Dublin that Fr. O'Connor and Fr. Meagher were making wasn't far wrong. It's all right now, and if only Captain Dennier, or.Mr. Berkeley, as. they told i«e his name was now. wan here, I'd be quite content; but somehow I don't like to see him away from' Miss O'Donoghue at this particular time—however, it's all right, or maybe it will come all right when the twists and the knots that arc always in true love are taken out. And now. Corny, we're all off for Dhrommacohol this very evening, and I won't forget to try and do my part for you—and do you hold yourself In readiness to come on to us as soon as I send you word ; fo just as speedy as I find my mother in the right kind of humour to receive the offer of your heart and hand. I'll either come myself, or I'll find some iwans of sending you word." * • "Thank you, Mr. Carmody, thank you F' and the little man was radiant with smiles. Moira Moynham was hardly prepared for the influx of visitors which came so suddenly to the little.pastoral residence : but YWfcf. accompanied them<^$ra She irtiif ia&ffe.-; joyful fact of bemgjpermitted to heat all about it fro&STighefi;^ft^i^ips} while the remaiidM of the party re£. paired to the stu^wto.the put her into excelletfkSt^c&y.; What thoughts filled''fetrroM^ffilnd as lie stood once more in the house in which his last arrest had taken place— what burning admiration and love for her whose noble sacrifice of self had really been the cause of his release ! He turned to her : "Maj-ie!" • Accustomed as he had been to Nora, singularly enough this newer name came tejiiim with little effort to remember, it. . . "A life of devotion to you, as I shall strive to make my future, will be far too littijfc to. show my gratitude, my love !" A troubled look came into her eyes, though she smiled faintly ; and withotit answering him. she found some pretext to leave him, and at length to steal to her old favourite haunt, the chapel. There, with her face uplifted to the tabernacle, she prayed : " Oh. my God ! I thank Thee—Thou hast well rewarded the little I have done ; and now, I pledge myself to do Thy work, to serve Thy poor, to wait upon Thy sick, to deny myself !" She rose when her prayer was finished, and rejoined her friends. It still required some little time before the ancient home of the O'Donoghues 1 would return to the possession of its heir ; but Carroll, knowing it. would certainly return to him, was well content to wait—passing delightfiilhours in rambling over the old grounds, planning improvements, and greeting old friends. All Dhrommacohol was aroused by the story of his wonderful release, and the still more marvellous-tale of Nora M'Carthy not being even Nora Sullivan, but having to change her name a second time to Marie Berkeley ; Clare, as happy and as eager as himself, always accompanied him, but Marie sought for pretexts to decline joining in the rambles. At first Carroll laughed at the work which she alleged as her excuse, then he became a little annoyed, and at last, on the fifth day of their sojourn in the pastoral residence, he deliberately stood in the doorway of a room wtiich Marie was about to enter, and said reproachfully : * "Now, Marie, this is very, cruel .of ypu! Why, if you, .treat me so unloverlike now! what will be your manner when, on the restoration' of our home, I dare propose for a right to your obedience ? Perhaps, however," lie continued, in a playful tone, it is because my lineage do.es :not .compare -with your own^you, you know, are the 1 daughter of "a peer!"' T She lta®ed at -him with gentle reproach, butv.befqrfe he cwild .answer, Fr. Meagher's yoice was calling to them both frbm the foot of the staif\ Tifey hurried doVii to find themselves face to face with' Rick of the Hills. Yes, there he was, but so wasted by disease that he seemed like the ghost of his former self ; his face, however, had no longer its wild, unhappy expression ; haggard and worn though it was, there was a peace, and even joy upon it,'which told of quiet nnd happiness within. Beside liim was a. pale and delicate, but remarkably prott.v. young woman—a charming modesty marked her mien, and the taste ami simplicity of her dress gave evidence of no ordinary mind. She was in turn accompanied by an elderly female, dressed in deep mourning, and on the other side of Rick was a. beautiful boy —but his beauty, exquisite though it. was, was also saddening by the evidence it gave of early decay—the hectic colour, the lustrous eyes, the marble brow, all told of fast approaching dissolution. Clare was already in the room, standing near the young woman, and on the entrance of Carroll and Marie. Rick trembled so violently that he could scarcely stand. " You have nothing to fear. Rick." said the priest reassuringly ; " you have been forgiven everything. Here" —approaching the young woman, and leading her forward—" is Rick's true daughter, Cathleen. And here "— drawing forward also the elderly lady —" is the good woman who has proved •a true mother to Cathleen. And here" •—crossing to the boy. and taking him by the hand—" is the little lad of whom Fr. O'Connor gave us so touching an account. Now, Rick, tell us why you did not reach Dublin in time to bo present at the interview we all had with Lord Heathcote ?" The poor fellow, weak as be seemed to be, would have stood to tell his story ; but Fr. Meagher forced him into Ills chair ; and he despatched Moira, whose curiosity had made her thrust her head in at the door, for a drink, which should revive the feeble man. " Why, do you see," he began, " the shock of what I told Cathleen, together with my own wild feelings—for I couldn't contain myself at all when I saw in her face that same look that had never left my heart since she was taken from me—prostrated her entirely ; and when she recovered enough to weigh well all that I told her. and to look into the proofs that I brought her of my strange story, and to listen to the promptings of her own heart,which forced her to believe me, it left her so weak—though at the same time happy—that for some days there was even danger of her death. The letter, which told me to come immediately to Dublin, arrived at that time; I could not leave my darling then, when there was likelihood- of God himself taking her from me, and I waited; praying t» have her restored ; she was restored, and with her first return to strength, learning of the letter ^rhich had come to me. she insisted on bearing me company. Although she is present, I may tell you what she said. "' Father, let me go with you ; let me beg forgiveness for you from her whom you caused to make such a bitter sacrifice!' " So we all came—the good woman, who would notjbe parted from Cathleen, Donovan. us—and we/>Sb6fied Dublin'^w find nobody thdrfi /whojjwpi^e^.^iis "i ,me came on to tohrommafcbnol! indjjie jore we got as Mr.as. this we heai^K^erybody full of and the rumour^^tih&li;&i;&afe; was to be restored to him, 5 and how Miss M'Carthy. that was, was no longer even the d^ghter of JEtick of the Hills, but a Miss Berkeley ; though the people, who thought they knew so much, did not seem to know anymore than just these bare facts. They were enough, however; to tell'me that justice had been done, and I-came here with a. lighter At-TOOIiB BBOSn Hlohmond, are to be proctrrcd: tlie very cream of Scoteb and Irisli Whiskies, including Jolin Jfinesoa'and Son's Irish, and a blcml of Scotch specially selected pnd pat'np for thera in tbe Highlands.' 'By arrangement, the; are the j>>-oprietojs of "IijybMo" Brandy,'aboat J6 jeara old, the best produced in Pjanae, and of whose quality Mr. Bluckett »JK*fc» very highly. - OoaBtry order* am especially attended-to, ., ffise tfemm-^I bave a flw explanaffi^SWV^SB s s - s r s . ^ I'M " wlipn I sought to excuse my claim- ^gof h MiL 6 M'Oarthy as ^angWer bf saying that it was the.love for my child which drove me to it, ana wneu I seeing you touched and won by my niea made it the stronger and wilder, -s'-Mm-n Rnoke And afterward, not to De K v in the sight of Heaven of allow- Satouch of her pure handsupo*, me, she herself can tell you ^w I com manded her never to rest even hei Sneers upon my arm. God, however, S a S own blessed way ofrewardmg her goodness. Her devotion to me, her kindness, even when I read loathing and horror in her eyes, were breakup my heart; her efforts to reform me s0 touched my soul thai many a time when nothing else would stop me, the thought of her face, the memory of her words, kept me from drowning my misery in drink. And at last, when Fr. O'Connor came to us, when he said to me at parting such strange words that they seemed as if he had read my heart, I took desperate courage and determined to fling off my burden ; there was little use in waiting longer for Carter to redeem his word, and restore to me Cathleen ; my heart misgave me that Gathleen was dead, and that Carter would not tell me, knowing that in that case his chief influence over me would be destroyed. I went to Fr. O'Connor, and you know the result. I feel now that my days are numbered; but my peace is made with God, and when all of you, whom I have so cruelly injured, assure me that you forgive me, I have nothing more to ask." He turned to Marie, and before she could prevent him, he was kneeling at Everybody was crying: even Fr. Meagher, though he sought to conceal his emotion by shaking his head and pretending that the use of his handkerchief was only to remove the perspiration. Carroll O'Donoghue, who stood beside Marie, instantly stooped with her to raise the suppliant. "Dear Stick," said Marie, softly, "my part, my sacrifice, have been little compared with your noble repent- ance !" A smile of ineffable joy broke over his face, and motioning to Cathleen to draw near, be put her hand in that of Marie, saying to the latter: " May I ask you to be her friend ?" Marie's answer was a warm embrace of the young fragile girl. Tighe a Vohr had beard from Moira something of the strange scene in the parlour ; she had contrived to remain when she returned with the drink her uncle had ordered for Rick, but which the latter had forgotten to take, though it had been placed beside him. And Tighe, when he bad heard sufficient from the priest's niece to know that Hick was craving forgiveness, ventured himself to the parlour door, and asked permission to add a little to Rick's statement. The permission OS?'BOX OF OIAB,KK'B B41 PILW 1» •wmmnte to our,e *U discharges from the tTetimry Organs, In eltlier sex (acquired or cpMUtijtlpiittl), Gravel, and Paine tothe Biok. XJuareiteed tree from Meroary. Sold iB&oxes;, 4g. eft MOh,byallChfemIsts»n(l'Pftt«nt Medicine Vendors, Sol* Proprietors, THB .lairooiiH iitD MiDLUrt) coronra Vfiya 0O„I4BM1A, JSot- «wn tffic6li^r, %ut none the less ifitereltihg&fier;, life told of the way m which Rick had intercepted Carter's plan for Carroll's tnock release. " I told you I'd not forget that good turn," he said, as a sort of explanation t&Rick;, " bad I think I can swear that Uig young master will not forget it e i "¥ndeed you can, Tighe !" And Carroll O'Donoghue was again supporting Rick, and warmly shaking his band. " Tou shall live with me, Rick, he said ; " your home, your happy home, with Cathleen at its head, shall be upon my estate, and neither you nor yours shall ever want for anything "Surely, God is too good!" murmured the poor fellow, looking about him with eyes swimming in grateful tears. , All were to dine in the little pastoral residence, and Clare, when the joyful excitement was somewhat subdued, stole into the kitchen to assist Moira. Nora would have followed, but Carroll intercepted her, insisting that she should repair to the study to listen to some communication from him. She entered reluctantly, and he, closing the door, leaned against it with folded arms. . "Now, Marie, I insist upon a straightforward answer. We have both gone through too much to trifle with our happiness longer. In a fortnight work will begin upon the estate, and the dear old home will be speedily renovated. When that is done, will you become my wife ?" She did not speak; instead, her bosom heaved, and her eyes filled with " Answer me, Marie !" he said, in an alarmed tone. "Surely there is nothing now to prevent ?" She answered slowly : " I would not have your wife one who is stained with the disgrace of her mother." " Is that all ?" he exclaimed, joyfully. "Marie, did you think this heart of mine could give you up for anything in the world ? It is you I want—you, as you are, with your own pure heart and noble mind, regardless of what those may have been from whom you have sprung; further, I deem the innocence of your mother to be firmly established. Are you satisfied r " Yes "—placing her hands voluntarily in his—" but I have a request to make.'" " Speak, dearest; it is granted before you utter it" " That you defer our wedding." His face fell; he had not dreamed that such was to be the purport of her boon. "There is no need-fW;-"haste." she said ; " wait, and 'tofts£^Hra^CXith the improvem^jtVyo'u have ' T^nii^d on the estate. have a.toope^isfait something tfijl / hap^uHfv konMafe Lord Heathoot&vof; my motherXifraocence, and I Va^aM •brijBg^.^'^^War with you a your own is." • " r "* It was useless for him to remonstrate or entreat; the utmost to which she would yield was not to delay the wedding longer than a year. " And in the meantime," he asked, " what will you do ?" " Continue to live here with Fr. Meagher and Moira; I thought of going to Fr. O'Connor, now that he is really my brother, you know "— speaking playfully—" but his reverence, in answer to the letter which I wrote him to that effect, disapproves of the planhe says it is better to let his parish- d ioners remain ignorant of his changed identity, especially as Lord Heathcote could not be quite convinced that he was his «on. So, as I could not go to him kjaown as his sister, why, I shall remain He I plain, unable Fr^Connor." Catrol shook his h<iad. and I shall reniore to the old home as soon as it is prepared, and your home Ki be with us, as it has always no, Carroll, you must let we have my own way in this matter ; and after, when Providence deigns to permit our union, I shall be as obedient as even you can wish me to be. He was forced to be satisfied. That very afternoon Carroll, accomnanied by Fr. Meagher, sought foi a cottage which might form a temporary home for Rick and his family , and one was secured not a great distance from the little pastoral residence. Thither, after an interval of two days, during which Carroll had it repaired and neatly furnished, the little family removed., , . Sullivan had grown alarmingly weak, even more so when he learned from Fr. Meagher-the latter being obliged to tell him because of Ricks own earnest questions-that, had be reached Dublin in time to give his evidence to Lord Heathcote, the latter might have been convinced of the innocence of his wife. „ «i shall endeavour to get to London, he said. " I shall compel his lordship to believe me." But the priest well knew that his journey would be sooner to the bourne beyond the grave than the one he contemplated. And so it proved to be. From the moment be entered the pretty little cottage he was scarcely able to leave his bed; everybody vied with Cathleen in ministering to him—even the neighbours, who could not cease to wonder at the strange fact of Rick's new daughter, as they called Cathleen; but next to Cathleen's own tender hand, Rick liked to have Tighe a Vohr about .him ; the simple fellow, gentle and kind as a woman, had won the poor sick man's heart and to Tighe, when Rick's strength would permit, he loved to talk of all the recent strange events, and to deplore his absence from Dublin at a time when his evidence miight have done so much. In that way Tighe learned all about Lord Heathcote's refusal to make any public acknowledgment of his children, ow- ing to Carter's denial of his guilt of the past, and with his natural shrewdness, he divined the cause.of B6nnier's (or Berkeley's) absence, and on the day on which he was thus enlightened by his reflections, he vented'his feelings to Shaun, when the two were out on the country road: "So it's that old beast of a Carter that's the means of keeping Miss O'Donoghue and that noble-hearted Englishman apart!—it's a wonder the lightning of Heaven doesn't strike the old vagabond and make him confess! However, it's a long lane that has no turn, and, mark my words for it, Shaun, but he'll be caught in a noose of his own making yet J" CHAPTER LVIII. Carter was in his old room in Tralee, a bottle and glass on the table before which he sat, and his bloated face and blood-shot eyes betraying how deep had been his potation. " They thought to snare me," he muttered, again half-filling his glass, and draining its contents, "but I carried the day by my courage. It's a wonder they didn't have Rick of the Hills to face me—and if they did, it -jyould have been the same, for I'd pretend to put the lies down his throat. They snatched the game from me—they foiled me .of my revenge—but I'll give them a parting blow before I leave! 141 wait awhile yet, and I'll set another watch on Dhrommacohol, and may foe Til find,«o^ejppportunity of abducting tjiafc jfeaftt fee, and if t^atffc.sI'H put a bullet through Carroll O'Donoghue's heart—that will give his dainty affianced a life-lotig grief- It ft time Thade was here "—looking at his watch ; and then he helped himself to another glass of the m^r. At that Iristant tlnfre Was 4 knock at the dOor, and before Carter conld respond, Thade entered. "Well, will yon be ready to start this evening?" said Carter. a , " Aye," answered Thade. " And mind you do your business better than you did it before—sending me reports that everything was quiet, and the pastor of the parish at that very time thinking of starting for Djibljo !" " Well, how was I to Jcnow that ?' said 'thade, surlily ; IjfMph, and as soon as I saw himself jM Wm O'Donoghue, and Tighe a Vohr following them, didn't I write to tell you so ? But you were away when the letter came," and I, wondering, that yoti gave me no answer, neither to that nor to another that I sent, came up here myself to find that yoti had gone to Dublin. It's you that had a right to send me word, and not be keeping mb jn the like of that suspense I" " Well, I suppose I had," said Carter, considerably mollified ; '"hut but I didn't expectto'be'' gone long, apd I wouldn't have been, either, only they showed pae such attention in Dublin Castle, telling me that Lord Heathcote was too ill to see me for a few days, but that he wished everything to be done for my, comfort." . ' " Faith, Mr. Carter, but you must be a great man entirely to be received at Dublin Castle that way !" " May be t am, Thade ; and may be, if you serve me well, there's no knowing what I'll do for you." " The devil a fear of me, Mr. Carter ; I'll serve you as if yon were my own brother!" " Very 'well, then, Thade ; and here are the funds you will ileed "-counting out a couple of potftd notes ; fnd help yourself to a. drink before we part." Thade, with every sigp of delight, obeyed the invitation, drinking to Carter's health and success; and at length, having safely ptit away his money, he departed. (To be cQntiniiecl,) The following incident, as Reported by the " Baluchistan Gazette," shpiild make the people <jf Victoria thankful that precautious are taken here against the introduction of this m$ignaiit disease :—gome gentleman from the Quetta took a drive recently towards Banna, and stopped en route to look at a flour mill worked by water-power. On entering the mill-house, the visitor saw a man lying there, who was suffering from a virulent attack of smsfll-ppx. It may be interesting to learn, in connection with this fact, that the mill in question turns out between forty and fifty niaunds of flour daily. Several large Russian landowners are offering supplies of fcorn for the victims of the Indian famine. The newspapers are urging the Government to assist by land and sea. to transport these gifts. The " Standard's " Paris correspondent reports that Mr. Pasteur's 'pupil, Dr. Yersin, who has been working at Saigon the last five years, has "discovered an anti-plagne rierjun, 'yipfcU has effected numerous cures. 