Local and General . . . The Palling Duties— The dutieB on kerosene and candles come off on tho 30th June inBtant and will take effect from the first July. The duty ou kerosene it Is per gallon and -Jd per lb on candles. It will be worth observing how much cheaper these articles will be after the duties are off and local coir petition is knocked ont of it. The Couboii. and the Printing Bill. — At the last meeting of the 'Municipal Council, the aldermen were evidently seized with a spasmodic fit of economy, ond His Worship the Mayor arose and with much seriouB ness moved that the proprietor of this journal bo requested to either reduce his charges or allow a very liberal dis count. He also said that the Coun cil's priDtiDgbill was greater than any other Council, costing between £30 and £40 per year. No doubt the Mayor was animated with the most laudable motives in moving in the matter aDd really believed what he said was correct, but we would, with all due deference, suggest that in future he should acquaint himself with facts before making serious statements. We might point out that our charges have been extremely moderate for the amount of work done, and the sum paid ua last year was £19 16s 6d, and \- not between £80 and £40 as the Mayor stated. This was not for ad vertising alone, but for printing, stationery, -fec. Our quarterly ac counts rendered to the Council for the year 1896 and paid, have been as follows : — March 80, £8 5s ; Juno 30, £7 7s 9d ; September 30, £3 3s ; December 31st, £1 Os 9d ; total £19 16s 6d. We understand that the Mayor and aldermen desire to keep down expenses as much as pos sible, but in a new municipality, where all work is let by contract, the advertising account must necessarily be larger than that of an old Council, that had completed all its necessary works, and merely kept a few main tenance men at work to keep the streets in order. However, our ob ject in penning these few lines is not to complain of the action of the Mayor in moving in the matter, but merely to point out that he was in error in. regard to the Bum we re ceived from the Council last year. Watkhiiole N*eab Rowney'p. — We are sorry to see that the Municipal Council has decided not to drain the largo waterhole near the river at the foo't of Chapman-sWeet. We under stand that it has been reported on by the Inspector of Nuisances, who re commended that it should be drained. The Improvement Committee esti timated the cost of drainage at £2. This outlay would defray the cost of making an outlet that would not only drain the stagnant hole complained of, but would also carry away a good area of surface water during heavy rains. ,. True, during flood time the hole would fill with water, but then it would be sluiced out as the river went down, and would always be kept clean. We trust the Council will yet have the work carried out. Juby Disagrees. — The jury in the criminal libel case against the re doubtable 'Jack' Norton, has once more been unable to agree, and have been discharged. Norton has surely ' been prosecuted enough over the Kitchen case. At least old New Zealanders will think so. Federal Variety Co. — Professor Barker and the Federal Variety Co. appeared to a poor audience at Vic toria Hall on Saturday night last. It had been advertised in the Mercury, but not locally, and we feel sure that had the public known that such a ?plendid nhow could have been wit nessed at popular priceB the hall would have been well filled. Professor Barker gave some splendid exhibitions of his conjuring tricks ; his equil ibrium act was a very 'clever thing, whilst his ghost producing seance was simply marvellous. He was firmly tied in a bag by a committee of gentle men, placed in n cabinet, and after wanla ghostly ll^ures appeared and walked on the stage. Wnen the cab inet..was opened the Professor wns found still sitting where ho hod been tied, Ho claimed to dj the whole thing by trickery, and said it waB dono in tho same manner as Mrs. MellonB produced the now famous .figures of 'Josephine,' 'Cissy'' and ?'Geordie.' Songs and sketches were rendered by Messrs Why, W. H. Kelly, D. Nicholson, E. Coleman, snd Baldock, and the audionce nere moat liberal in their applause Mr. Kelly ia to be complimented upon bringing riii ill1, a splendid company to the town. ,1onN Robson reports : — Pig market firm for good baconers and porkers, other sorts dull in consequence of scarcity of food, and I would adviae constituents to forward only pigs of good quality. I sold at my yards on 5tli inst. as tollows— T. W. Parker, 2 nt 30s, 10 at 20s Gd, 1 hog 15s, 13 at 14s, 20 nt lis 3d, 26 at 9s, 11 suckers nt 3s 3d ; A. Tighe 2 at 21s, 10 at, 19s 9d ; J. Walker 20 at 22s DJ ; P. J. Fitzgerald 1 at 22s 3d, 2 at 14s 9d ; Bradbury 1 at 22h Cd ; P. Connolly 1 -it28«9d; E. Taylor i at 12*, 1 at lis. I expect a nice lot for Saturday, I2t!i. Fpbwitdee Sale. — Tho sale of fur niture, &c.;, advertised by Messrs. Carlton and Abbott for Wednesday, has been postponed until Saturday next, in the Centennial Hall. Illness.— We regret very mapa to learn that Mr. Vincent Carltoij, of Glen William, is in a precarious state of health, and his death is almost hourly expected. Mr. Carlton has been an invalid for some years now, suffering from the efforts of a fall from a horse fn Dowling-street. [Since the above was in type Mr Carlton has passed away. HiB funeral will take place to-day, leaving his late tesidonce at Cape Vale, at noon, for the Dungog cemetery.] Visitobb.— Mr. and Mrs. J. Dixon, of Tocumwall, were on o visit to Mr. T. Irwin, of Telligra, last week. They have just returned from a visit to New Zealand. Mr. Dixon returned to Tocumwall on Saturday, where he has a position in the CuBtomB, but his wife will remain with her parents for a short time. Meeting. — A meeting of ladies will be held in the School of Arts this (Tuesday) afternoon at 3, EE Record Reign picnic, &c.; . Departure. — On Saturday morning Inst Mr. H. Hughes, who has had cli .;-o of the Superior Public School, Dungog, during Mr. Filshie's absence, left for Sydney, and Mr. Filshio re sumed duty yesterday. On Friday night Mr. Hughes waB entertained at a complimentary social. He leaveB a large circle of friends behind him. A Fbee-Tbadeu'b Confession. — The 8ydney press are always attempt ing to prove that N.S. W ales is in a more prosperous condition now than ever it was, and freetrade members are never weary of extolling the vir tues of the Reid polioy. Mr. Fegan, one of the members for Newcastle, however, has raised the curtain a little and shown the true sta(e. of affairs. In pleading with the Govern ment tr ceed the poor of his district, he thus referred to the state of New castle, 'wages being so low, work so scarce, and poverty so abundant.' Police Court. — At the local Police Court yesterday (before J. Abbott and Ed. Piper, J's.P.) a man named Peter Peterson was fined for being drunk and disorderly. — J. Galvin was charged at the instance of Thomas Thompson with the misappropriation of £1. The case was dismissed. Blankets bob the Blacks. — It is the custom of the Government to dis tribute blankets among the aboriginals of the colony each year, but it is re ported that no blankets have been sent to Dungog for distribution for over 3 years. We do not know who iB to blame for this, but we think immediate stepB should be taken by the local Bench to obtain a supply for the rem nants of the once powerful tribe that had their homes in the WilliamB val ley. Concert and Ball. — A concert and ball will be held at Fosterton school ou Friday evening next, in aid of the school library fund. A splendid pro gramme iB in course of preparation. London To- dat. — No one will dis pute the statement that the attention of Christendum and a wider area is centred on London to day, ond will be fixed on the world's metropolis for at least three weeks to come. The cele-' brations, now imminent, will be unique in history, and will beggar description. While the events are of peculiarly in tense interest to the inhabitants of the Empire, scarcely a den i son of any other division of the globe iB uncon cerned about the honors about to be heaped on the venerable Sovereign, whose reign has been unique and so abundantly beneficent. For Austra lians the record reign celebrations have a special significnrce. During the past sixty years this continent has de veloped to its present proud position. Sixty years ago Australia was id its in fancy, and a pathetio and problemati cal infanoy ,at that. But a develop ment of remarkable rapidity Boon _ set in under the free institutions provided for it. Great cities have arisent and an immense territory has been bravely pioneered and settled upon. The diffi culties have been many and enormouB, but the majority have been overcome. And it is now a satisfaction to know that the people of Australia will be exoellentiy represented by their Pre miers at the forthcoming functions in London. And their presence is warm ly weloome at the head quarters of the Empire. Certainly tho best medicine known is Sander & Sons Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs coldB, influenza — the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases and accidents, be they wounds, burnB, scaldings, bruises, sprains, is tho safest remedy — no swelling, no in flammation. Like BurpriBing effects pro duced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, in flammation of tho lungs, swelling, etc. ; diarrhoea, dysentery, disensos of tlio kid noys and urinary orguns. In use at hos-. pitals aiid . modieal clinics all over the globe ; patronised by His Majesty, the. KiLg of Italy, and crowned with medals ana diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Insist getting Sander & Sons Eucalypti Extraot, or else you will be sup plied with worthless oils. The New Zealand Premier foresees the establishment of an Ifaperinl Council, at which colonial delegates will be heard on all matters affecting^ oolonial interests. r Mr. Jackson, manager of the Unioij S.S. Company; states that the come' piny has spent locally £210,009 sin ?- the beginning of the veur i Mr Ki'gst -, Sir Geir^t,: I'nrne ai d sir Hu-jh Mel-m. a--' *peudiu_ ;a week on tbe Continent. Tho Eurl of Ranfurly, the ne-v Governor of New Zealand, will spend .the Queen's jubiieu v\ut-k at-Ouuwn with tho Govomor- General of panada, Intbbksxing Ceremony, — Tho con socration of Coadjutor Bishop Dwyer at' West Maitland, on Sunday, wns a magnificent and impressive ceremony. Cardinal Moran, numerous bishops, and nearly 200 priests took part in the proceedings. The congregation was an immensn one, the church being filled to overflowing. 