A Michaelmas Spell Grandmamma was in bed, with her night enptied under her chin ; and the lamp lunut still, thnt I might undress by it. Generally . wiib no Ificgnrdj but tos^od my clothos in n Biirmoso irny, said my prayora, and tuolcod mvolf under ttio countorpnno. On this particular night I lingerod over otory gnrmont, folding nnd arranging ovory nrticlo with iho most spinstor-likorognlnrlty. In fuct, I wuntod grandma to go to sli-op, for I had soniuthiug to do whioh I dosired thnt sho should not boo. That day was my sixtcontb birthday, and our housomnid, Mndce, bad snid to mo : ' It is Michnolmas Evo. and your birth night, and you can get n vision if you wish. All you have to do in .to tako your finest, pockot- handkorchief, markod with your nnmn, nnd aftor you aro nil undressed nt night, dip it up nnd down in clear watr-r thnt hns novor had a hand put in it, nntl »»y:— . :'..'?.'..?? ? I clip my 'kcrclilcf into the sea, Ouco nnd twice, anil tlircu times three ; l\f who turns it nmy miirry me, And only death shall part us.' And hang Iho handkorehiof. without wring ing, on tho foot of tho boil, sproad out smooth. Thon, miss, you uro to go to bod backward, without Tspeakinsi.Ti word, or you'll bring the wonifc of-Juottin yourself, and in tho niulit you'llfsoo thobneryou'ro to ainrry como in nnd turn, tho hniidkercllief. But you mustn't speak to him oithor ; that's worse luck }0t. for he's no rouller than tobacco smoke, but just a ghost like. "You make me all goose flesh, Madge," I cried, creeping close to her. "Did you ever try it?" "Yes miss," said Madge. "And what did you see?" I ssked. ' Nothing, miss. Which provos it,' snid Mndgo. ' For ain't I an old maid ? Woll might objoct j but I just Mi you how you could soo him, if you was so disposed.' 'Thank you, Madgo,' I said; 'but I don't supposo I shall fry.' -'-*.«. And I wns a littla hypocrito, for^I^meant to try that very night. That wob why^-Jo como to my starting point — I lingored ovor my undressing, hoping grandma would go to sloop ; but sho kept porsistently awake and watchod mo with undisguised pertinacity. ' How slnw you aro, child,' sho criod at last; 'do put tho light out, aud como to bod.' And thero was nothing for it but to oboy. I put out tho candle, nnd in tho dark dipped my hnndkerohiof in tho glass of water I had ready. ' ' I dip iny 'kerchiof into the sea,' ' I whispnrod. ' ? Onoo anil twice, anil three times three' ' 11 Wlint'e all that splashing?' criod grand ' ' Ho who turns it may marry me, Ami only .loath shall part ua.' ' I weut on, in a stiflod gasp. ' Aro j'ou talking to yourself, child ?' crird grandma. I darod not roply. I remomborod tho awful warning about speaking aftor tho spoil wns bogun ; and aftor I had spioad tho 'korehiof on tho foot of the bedstond, I tumbled into bod backwards. ' Eflio, my dear,' said grandma, ' I novor saw you behavo so before. You toss about liko a porpoise in fits. What is tho matter, child?' 'You neodn't protond to bo nsloep,' criod grandma, ' for it don't deceive me, Thore's something* on 3'our mind. Havo you torn your now bluo silk? Why don't you speak?'' Still I was dumb. ' Oh, Effio !' criod grandma, ropronch fully. 'nro you importinont to mo, aftor being suoh a good girl always ?' 'No, ma'am,' I sobbod. And I shivered afterwards; for I had brought tho worst possiblo luck upon myself? I lay awake nftor this, ovon whon grand ma foil asloop. The full moon shono solomnly in through tho window curtains, and a clock somowhoro struck ono, and I hoard — yos, cortainlj', I honrd a stop upon the stairs. It camo toward tho room door it pausod thoro. It ontored. A man's figure stood in the moonlight, nnd I recognizod it. It hnd tho appoarance of a neighbour of ours, an old bachelor of sixty, and _y pot avorsion. Ho ndvancod to tho foot of tho bod, lifted tho handkerchief from tho wnlnut-rail, shook it softly, and replncod it. Thon. in nervous hnsts, ho snatched bis glasses from his pocket and fitted thorn on his nose. On his nose I say noir, but I thought on ils noso ; for this was no lmrann boino; but tho wraith I had callod up by mv spoil. This ^was my future husband. 1 dared not shriek, bi)t I dragged tho counter pane ovor my head and hid my face. When I pooped out again tho'ghostwas gono. He hud turnod tho handkorehiof and vanishod. I aroso noxt morning tKb.inost miserable orcatiiro on oarth. I felt that'my f nto wns too torriblo to think of. 'What is tho mnttor, Effio?' nskod grandma. 'Tho child is getting something— scarlatina, perhaps,' said grandpa. ' I hopo so,' said I. 'I want to die young.' 'Sho's dolorious already,' said grnndnn. 'I shall go for Dr. Donrborn ' At this momi-ut somoono struck on tho panosof tho dining-room window with his knuclrlos. Hooked up. To my horror it was our elderly noighbour. Ho had como to ask my hnnd of grandpa, of course. ' Como horo, plnaso,' ho called through the window. ' I want to speak to you.' ' Don't givo mo to him, grandpa,' I ira lilorod. 'Mydonr, this is drondful. Tho child is raving,' said grandpa. From whoro I sntl could hoar tho visitor's ' Look hero, Mr. Portor, I mndo a most rudiculous mistnko last night. Como in to npologizo. Think ono of tho ladies saw mo Do you know I hnd nn oxtro glass of wino at a big dinner— mistook tho house-— oponed your door with my lutch koy and wont up stairs; First tiling I mur was a little inco hundkor ohief on the bod post. Thon I put on my near-sighted glasses; and (lien I bolted. I bog ton ihousand pardons'— a hundred thousand. **-r ' No harm done,' snid my grandfather j-o nnrm wnatov^r*, — uno day, — i am afraid my littlo girl is going to bo vory ill ; I am going* for the doctor, and must say 'No, no, grandpa,'I cried, through Iho window. 'I'm quito well again.' And then, sitting between' tho dear o!d people, I told tho truth. ''...'? Grnudmn threatened to dismiss Madge but only scolded hor u little. Aud I never tried either Miohaolmas ovo-cr. Hallow-o'uu pell again. 