fl 1? K T W M P « • AU 11 Jj fl i 11 11 0 U , ; I OR, THE M l r STJEIt I" OF BLACK HOLLOW GIlAKdE. CHAPTER III. A SIGHT OF TEKUOR. The darkness of sudden nijjlit settled down upon the doomed vessel and the desolate shore near which fhe. lav. Tbt? foa rose hivrhtr ani higher, prent wares, like mountains, struck ll:e ship, lifting her iip, n.ui i^ft'.iiin^ her heavily asainst h'-> rocks. Wit -.:tl, tha'ioavr threatens Ji tr-ile caum on, tearing through the black fog like a shrieking dunnn, and beating the poor flouiiilcriii'j Nautilus with 6uch mcrcilcss fury that she began to show sure signs of {join? to pieces. fc'nr away in the black distance liortrne thunders bellowed, and at intervals a red flam* of lightning leaped out, giving the poor B-JHU liu.!<)led on the deck a glimpse of the awful doom that awaited them. Snrieks and wails of lamentation rose above the clamor of the storm, and every minute some poor cre.itLire was dashed into tho sea. The captain, driven wild with terror, secured the only available boat, and With some half a dozen men, desert-d the isbip, bat the boat was ewamped almost in- ST-.uitiy7hastening the fate the occupants were no desirous to escape. In the midst of all this awful peril, while the Ka-.ttilus ehud-U-red tin lor him. and the i_'iviU vitoj rushed over her. sweeping 06 ii zeti> -if poor ?iv.:Is <0 untimely iientf:. Andrew l):-iiiv 1 n• 10 hip w.iv to ih.it part of the d>>en where the dead man had lain awaitin 1: iv.nir.l, Trie i-1 !y lay there slil!. sown up ia tho ha:jini"-k. an i thrown into a sheltered corner. when- it i'«,'ap-> 1 the full force, of wind sn.\ writer. While s;..ics of living men had b-rn sw.iii.iwed tip by ti.e sea this dead man w.n spur d. Andrew l'-rice saw the shrouded figure,by th- 1.-•: . f the luhnrnu. and put forth his •; .-.-id I'l'.u'ho 1 it. i!is face, as he stood t 1 !••• ei 1 !;•> s*'.rmy darkness, wore a s'.ra:: re 1 ••!—*:;-• i.>"k of a man b«ct by some s'.'-'-i t-. rep'Rii'in. to which he was not wh :;y >vi,l:i!j to s'!cc:inib. 1-"' r ti«-e j:v.:vt!c«. pe;'aa'.n.he hesitated, his fi'V a-'i 1: wiiite. lr.s orL'at'u c.-ming in i- iredL- L-"S. 1 h-. TI suddenly lie 1'eil otl his k-:e,-j! ii". : • tiie corpse of the mr;n who had 1- -r. id- -if'. " 1 ;vay :".s well ta'.o them,"' "he muttered. " U" ,. t ;11-11 a nil.' And there's no telling w t y are " 11 w a from li ; .3 pocket, . .• e \ the kc n. slim blade. Then. .. v r.41: 1 strwkes, though he worked in " d.ir'.itifr?, lie c.'it aa opening* in the i • ' •;,:..• i.i.g : than was necessary for t- • , f / he ie:;t it more than iialf its >Vith eaj.T l:ands lie groped for a few ni uv.entu n;.' -.n i the d> ad man's bosom. He fi'iitid the nimiatand the package of U t f -rs. and drew them forth. T:,e ] ffns warm, sn was the ivory ease nt 11i• - :ir,n ature. S > a!s > was theli.is iu i.'- 'iii whieli he had taken them, dn nched a* it w as by l he sea ; but in his terror and hurry, A:id;cw 1'rucc t >ek no note o£ these strange f..'••>. Ih' l-.il tee tn:n:3t::re and the letters io- cw;i i.i- ast, looked about hira with !•; art pi ir.e ••=, to be certain this robbery id tli" 'Vai had r.ot been witnessed, and i ten I; • 1 awav t i make an effort to save his own life. " . 1 dead man lay where he left him ; the haniin irk rut p.way. his cliest and his fsee bot h i p 'S • An awfully ghastly face it was, is a s:;ddeTi lightning ll.ime iilueainated the ! deck for an instant, a face very like unto death. Vet m the Ii'_'ht cheek thorc was » lotr* j.-asb. r:is ;e by iSruce's carclcss and cruel knife, and Tr-m this wuuui a blender frtreara r.f ted bitiod trickled. Andrew llmee, having secured the papers he coveted. Inn t ied forward just ns the Nautilus patted amidships with athundering noise. He l ad secured a life preserver, and then made his « ay to that part of the wreck which w.vi nearest li'C feast. Tiie black wavt< were strewn witii bit.- "t i-.rr.ber. and !!.m'inj; chests, an:l bjxcs.and to tuese dozens of poor souls thing, struggling fur life, being beaten down every minute by the restless wavi s. There was small chance of escape ; little hope of life, but Andrew Truce was resolute to jisk his fate. He was a daring man, mi l an expert swimmer. While an effirt rem.-.ir.e 1 to him he would not stand and wait for death. He was on the point of leaping oil the wreck, which was momentarily going to pieces, —hen a shii;2 cry arrested hisattention — a child's cry. lie looked down, and the moon, wading through drifts of black, and throwing a fitful IigHt upon the sec:!*' of horror, showed him a child just below him, clinging with both frail arms to the vessel's side, his poor, imploring l ; .t.lle face looking up but a hand's breadth above the feethinir sea. The child was the son of thedcadman lying on the deck beyond. Andrew Hriici rccognised the boy at s planee. and with a thsil! of surprise. He thought he had gone to bis doom long ago. Seeing him thu?, however, his first impulse to save him. lie could save him. and £ive him a chance for life. He actually made a movement toward the child, as another entreating cry reached his ears ; but a sn ideii thought struck him, and he stood irres ilnte. If I save him, he may come between me, atid—and—what I hope for," he slowly muttered. While he hesitated thus, a great wave dashed over the wreck and tho child was swept away. With a frantic leap, Bruce gained the open sea beyond the wreck, .inJ began to battle for his life. B it bis very face, as the pale moon-rays revealed it. was chanced ; for in that swift moment Andrew riruce. hitherto a comparatively moral m3n, became a murderer. Th*; r ibicnn of crime was pa«scd; and henceforth his course would load downward. T.'ie opportunity had been given him to make his choice between right and wrong, and he had etiosen the latter. A c'ou'l'ess morning f ollowed that night of death and horror, and golden sunshine beamed down upon the Fulien sea and the drenched shores strewn with debris <•{ the wreck an 1 the ghastly faces r,f the drowned. SwRrms of people flocked to the fene from all quarters, some eager for plunder, others merely curious to see, and a few intent on good purposes. Among the latter were two or three peasant women from the neighborhood of St. Main. " Look, Clotilde ! look !" cried one of them a lovid dame, speaking in her native tongue, "there's a little lad, no bigger than your Andre, all dead and drowned, poor little fellow." Lots of them went down last night, poor fellows. Here, mate, lend a hand here, will you ? Let us take this chap over tothe guard-house ; he has got a queer look somebow for a dead man. I can tell a corpse by the look, and the feel, too. There's a spark o' life somewhere here, if I'm not much mistaken." The men carried the body off toward the guard-house ; whils tbe women weeping and chattering by turns, tenderly lifted the boy and hurried away in the direction of tit, Malo. It is a month later, and Clotilde has returned to her own cottage in the valley of tbe Loire. The summer is* well over, and the lime, leaves are growing yellow, and the vineyards hang laden with purple clusters Clotilde is looking for her husl>ands's return. He has been abroad for over a year; but his last letter which reached ber months ago, told her to expect him before tbe winter net in. Accordingly, ehe has cut short bet visit to her eister, near St. Malo, and has returned home to make ready for her husband's coming. She sits in tbe cottage porcn ^niS auauj afternoon, watching ber two children as they play beneath the limes. She calls them both her own, and love* ihem almost with an equal fondness—her son Andre, and the little storm-waif, the boy found on the coast on the morning titer tbe wreck. They restored him to life, she and Rachel, and Clotilde has brought him home with Andre to her own cottage. " The dear little fellow," she thinks,watching the two children as they follow their Itoops. "Oh, I do hope that Andrew won't mind my keeping him when he comes. £ fbould so hate to part with him!" Even wblle these thoughts fill her mind tbe vine- leaves rustle behind ber. She looks up and uttets a err of ioj. Her iiutbuu! ptands before her. ' 'Vunt be a too), Cloture," he sars.coolly, " Yl ' s « rvo c " me an . t * I'm thoroughly used up. Uring llring nie me a glass of wine.' wine." As she looks at him her eyes dilate with horrified wonder. " What ails you ? What do yon see that you stare at me so 2" he demanded with a brutal oath. She clasps her hands across 'her loudly throbbing heart. " You have changed so," she whispers,awe find terror in her voice. "Ob, Andrew, what has come over you ?" A harsh iaugh cscapes him, a laugh by no means plca?ant to hear. "Oh, a ureal deal—more than I can tell you now," he answers. No wonder you find me changed. The whole world has changed for me. l'ou shall hear it all in good time. But let me have the wine now." She turns from him like one in a dream. " What is the cause of his strange demeanor V' she soliloquises. "What has changed him so fearfully At this moment, the two cliildren came running up, hand in hand, flushed and Lrosy from their play. Andrew Bruce tinned round to greet , his own son, and thus came face to face with the son of his dead friend. Ho whitened with craven' terror, and his rery knees shook under him as if a spectre had confronted him. " Papa, papa," cried Andre, running to his •idc, and catching his hand. But his father threw him off, without greeting or caress, and stood staring at the other child with distending eyes and gasping iips. "I saw him go down; I saw the waves swe?p him off; and here he is ;" he vacantly muttered. Clotil 2e returned with the wine ; he >8iEed the. glass and swallowed the contents at & draught. "Thai boy' how came he here!" be demanded then, pointing toward Richmond. 1'oor Clotil le trembled. Iler English husband had nerer been over tender to her, and now there was something in his face that filled her with terror. "Andrew,pray do not be angry,"she began, clasping his arm with two beseeching hands. Hut he threw her from him vith an oath. " Answer tne," he replied, his surprise and terror giving place to wrath; ."where did you get that boy 2" " There was a vessel lost off St. Malo a month ago," Clutildc faltered— " And he was ®n her he interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over liia face. "He drifted ashore. I might hare known. And yen saved him, and have him here. Curse you, I'll have your life for it!" He seized her by her abundant dark hair, and poor Clotilde, unable to comprehend the secret of his wild rage, fancied that her husban ) ha 1 gone mad, and Bhrieked aloud for help. lie clutched her throat until ,her face be« came purple. " Andrew ! Andrew 1 for Heaven's sake do not murder me 1"she gasped. "I will send the boy away—" " Xo ! no ' no I" he interposed, with terrible vehemence. " 1T1 murder him, I'll have his life! How dare he come back to stand bet weon me and my good luck ?"' i j lie threw Clotilde from him with a force that, clashed her to the floor of the porch,and rushed upon the affrighted child. " C.irse you he hissed between his set teeth. "Von shall die !" The lal shivered with terror, a3 the man's iron grip clutched him, but he looked up with clear, brave eyes. Why do you want to murder me,Andrew j Bruce ?"' he asked, simply. You promised j my f.uher to take care of me.and take me to ; Et^'and." ' ! This simple question went to tha guilty ma n's heart I;ke a knife, and for one minute he felt a pang of genuine remorse. •• Yes, I promised him." he gasped, in hoar&e; accents, "an.l calied God as roy vritne«s." 11 o staggered back a pace or two, and sank into a seat, covering his face with liis bands. ' J'is not too late now." he muttered. "I might do it yet!" Clotilde,who by this time had regained her feet, approached him, and laid her hand on his arm. •• CorcM into ihe house, Andrew," she entreated. "You are not well; you'll feel better whoa you have rested." Her voice recalled him to his senses, and cis momentary irresolution vanished. The evil within him was growing so strong, ihe good so weak. " I should have to give it all up," he muttered. Sir Geoffrey Trevetbon, baronet,with fifteen thousand a year 1 Think of that! I wun't give it up." He leaped to his feet with a hoarse cry and rushed at the boy again. He shall not live to thwart my plans,"he yelled. «• He shall die 1" He struck the child a brutal blow fnll on the temple, a sing an ugly wound,and felling him to tbe lioor, where lie lays bleeding and insensible, while Clotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. But Bruce soon silenced both with threats and oaths. Take him up and carry him into the kitchen," he commanded. " When it grows dark I'll throw him into the Loire." Clotilde obeyed without a word, shivering in every limb with mortal terror. She laid the child down on the lounge, covered his ghastly blood-stained face,and then crouched down herself with her son at her knees, watching her maniac husband,as she deemed him, with affrighted eyes. Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into amused laughter. " You think me mad 2" he asked,divining her thoughts. Well, I am mad—drank with my own good luck, Clotilde I There's nc need to tremble so ; the fit is off now ; it was the sight of that boy there that brought it on ; but he lies quiet enough. He won't arise between me and my good fortune a train 1 Sit still, Clotilde ; I have my senses back now ; I won't hurt you, my girl; I'm awfully glad to see you; and" I have a wondrous story to tell yon. Bat get Andre snug in bed, and fetch out some cold meat and a bottle of wine before I begin, that's a good iass !" Clotildie arose to her feet, but her limbs refused to support her. "llun away to bed, Andre," she whispered, riinging to tha window-sili for support, Uiin away, like mother's good boy." Her Eon, still in terror of bis father, crept .it casting a wistful glance at the couch >rhcre his unconscious playfellow lay. Then .ue wife turned her ghastly face upon her lusbaui. " Andrew, for the love of Heaven, what is i l 1 What has come over you !" she faltered ' ^«you madT' He laughed again, that ugly, murderous augh. "1 think I am," he answered, "and so will von be when you hear what I have to tell. Fetch out the meat and wine, Clotilde ; my good luck hasn't impaired my appetite 1" " But the child there t" she cried; " the poor little lad, he'll die if we .do nothing for nim," Will he ? So much tbe better." The look in Iter husband's eyes tnrned ber ick and faint. Se used to be a handsome uau, tender and gallant, when his hot temper was under control, and she loved him to adoration; bat now she recoiled from him in shuddering fear. 4 " So much the better," he repeated. 1 As soon as it grows a little darker I shall throw him into the Loire." " But you will be a murderer," she shrieked out, "and they'll hang you." 16han't give them the chance," he answered, coolly, " 111 throw the boy into the Loire to-night, and before the day breaks we shall be on onr way to England, fiit down, Clotilde, and hear my story; there's no time to lose." Tbe woman dropped into a seat from sheer exhaustion. " I am not orer fond of soch jobs," her husband continued, as he nncorked his wine " but once in a while the end justifies the deed. You should not have saved tbe boy from the wreck. Never meddle with what does not concern you. Clotilde, how would you like for your son to be a baronet—a baronet of England, with an Income of Ifteen thousand pounds per annum f" " Andrew i" "Don't call me Andrew, please," he continued, coolly. " I have changed jny name well as my fortune. Henceforth I am Geoffrey Trevetbon, tbe late Sir Geoffrey's only son and heir, and to-morrow I go to England to claim my title and estates I Fact, Clotilde, upon my son I—and that boy yonder, whose life you bare been so anxious to rnre, that boy would come between me, and between Andre after me, and all this good fortune. Joat tbink of thatr She looked «ttrfm with wide, Wild cyee. "Andrew, Andrew, yon are taad,** ahe gasped. "How could all this beT* «!*<> JL^UL&MAW; m "Sir Geoffrey TrevetbonI What tlgtt havejY.ff to his title and estates?' Xliave beard you sav that ii« never kn&nied; your mother. You are only an—" Utter it at your peril,** he cried,Bprihg-. ing across the room and 6eizing ber jby the throat. "If you ever allude to /fef again /on are dead «r<xaan! Sir Geoffiey Trevethou d;' j ml marry my mother. She was a poor actress, ana ne an fsn^iiib baronet. JNo matter; bis title ahd bis^wealtjj shall be mine all the same. Woman, beware how you—" " Hist," gapped Clotilde, some one is coming !" He released her, and regained his scat just as a peasant woman came in. *' Why, what ails thee Clotilde J" ahe cried, shrilly ; " wearing the face of a ghost, and thy good man but just returned ?" " The poor girl is ill," answered Andrew, quickly, giving his wife » swift, warning glance. " I found her in bed when lcame home; and the lad there is sick, too/'liecoBtlnued. pointing to the lounge. " What, Andre sick ?" asked the woman. " No, no; the other lad ; he's a weakly child, and Fm sorry Clotilde picked him tip; but she's loath to part with him; BO we must take him with us on onr journey, I suppose." Clotilde glanced at her husband in amazed awe. Not a muscle of her serene, smiling face moved. "What journey? You are not leaving here?" questioned the neighbor. " That's it," responded Andrew, pleasantly. u We start for England in the morning. My business calls me, and Clotilde is too delicate to be left behind." The night came on, and after some little chat, and many regretful adieus, the woman took ber departure. Andrew accompanied her to the door, locked it after her, and pocketed the key. He lifted the handkerchief from the child's face as he crossed the toom. It was ghastly .white, and to all appearances lifeless. He is all right this time," he muttered, with fiendish content; then he turned to his wife. " Clotilde, get your crucifix," he commanded. Tremblingly she produced the crociGx and while he held a pistol to her brow, bt forced her to swear that she would never be> tray him. '* Remember," he added," I am yonr husband no longer; neither is Andre yonr tx>n : I am Geoffrey Trevetbon ; my son is called Richmond, and you are his nurse and companion. Swear also to this J" She looked up into his merciless face with imploring ejes. " Oh, Andrew, I cannot swear to this. Would you cast me off forever i Think of the past, and how we have loved each other." " Old things have passed away, all thinga have become new. As to the lore between ns, no need to meddle with that; you can be my wife all the same, only the world must not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trevethon'a banished POD and heir, and my wife died abroad. Do you comprehend? Of course you do; and if you are a good girl, Clotilde, and love me at all, you'll be willing to help me to bring this about.*' " But I am not willing," ehe replied. " It is all a wicked lie. Your wife did not die abroad; and if Sir Geoffrey Trevetbon was. your father, you are only an illegitimate son—" Crack! went the revolver ; the flash blinding ber, scorching her very lace, tbe bullet whistling within an inch of her head. The poor ci eature uttered a wild shriek. Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and shook her till she was breathless. t " Silence 1" he thundered. : I missed you this time, but my aim will be sure next. Woman, make your choice at once and abide bv it. Wi" ill you ~ do my bidding, and go with me and your child to-morrow, or will you die like a dog, here at my feet f As sure as there is a heaven above us, I mean to kill you, unless you swear to aid me in the work I have in band. Come, now, you can have your choice ! I would sooner take yon along, and I'll do well by you. What do you say? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed I" The kneeling woman, with the crucifix against her quivering heart, glanced toward the window. The night had fallen dark and rainy, there was no help within hearing of the lonely cottage. She looked up at her husband's face which mocked her with fiendish cruelty. " One! two—" "Oh, Heaven pity me.? Yes, I will swear." The pistol was lowered from her head. •'That's a sensible girl now," commented her husband. " I'll take you along, and you shall share my good fortune ;and you'll lead a jolly life Clotilde. Even if I marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into possession of my title and estates, I will pro- vide for you handsomely; and I'll sot forsake you either, for in spite of all this, I'm fond of you, Clotilde. And you will have the satisfaction, too, of seeing your son the heir to a baronetcy ; for I shall make the Jad mv heir and successor." She leaned her head upon her clasped hands, and made no movement or answer. *' Well, now," he went "on. " One thing more, and we are done. Yoa must swear never to leave me. You are to stick to me and my fortunes. Come—swear." The cold steel touched her throbbing head again. It was a hard oath to take—to stick to this man and his fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime, and yet not even be his wife. But she did not hesitate; after that other oath, by which she surrounded both wifehood and motherhood, nothing could move her. Yes, I swear,** , she answered, quietly. He returned the pistol to his breast, and buttoned ap his coat. Clotilde looked at bim, as she still knelt, wondering vagaely if he could be the man who wooed and won her girlish love! He had chenged terribly in the brief time 6ince he had surrendered his soul to the power of sin. But his voice brought her to her feet. " Come, come—look alive. There is no time to lose. You might pack np onr best things, and have the boy all ready, and I will call upon Larcom, and instruct him as to what disposition to make of what we leave behind us. But this job must be done first." (TO BB COXTKTUED.) 