7\. The Mines of Dustopolis- NO. 2. (Br H. C. D.) On no other part of the field is there such an array of deserted mullock heaps and abandoned claims as there is on the southwestern fringe of the Boulder line of country, surmounted by dismantled windlasses and remnants of other hauling tackle in various stages of decay. An unbroken line of exempted claims is visible as far as the eye can reach, and seem to extend beyond that point to the utmost limits of nowhere, relieved at unfrequcnt intervals by a patch of abandoned alluvial workings and an odd condenser. Nine out of every ten of the exempted properties have been shut down, and the syndicatesor parties worHng them compelled to give up the ghost and seek protection from the Warden, either because of their inability to comply with the present labor conditions, or for want of the necessary funds to obtain suitable machinery to enable them to prospect the country below the water level, where in this part of the line it has already been proved that big goldbearing formations exist. JD one or two isolated instances indications point to the claims being barren of anything appertaining to gold-bearing deposits, but in the majority of cases it would appear that all that was necessary to include the mines at this end of the field amongst the gold producers of the district is depth ; and owing to the heavy influx of water, that can only be attained by the acquisition of powerful pumping plants, which are needful for its advancement, and without which developments other than surface workings can proceed no further. One of the properties which divides the outer from the inner circle of THE BOULDER URQUl' OF MINES is the Golden Treasure. This property, however, belongs to the " ain't agoing to tell" division, and absolutely no information whatever is forthcoming as to the developments going on below the pit mouth until such time as the writer has become an adept in the black art of hypnotism. He has abandoned all hope of trying to induce the manager of this mysterious mine to disgorge information concerning the richness or otherwise of the underground workings. Two blocks further south lies THE SOUL DEE CONSOLIDATED. This mine is owned by an English company, and must not be confounded with an adjacent colonially floated concern, which the writer believes to be dead and decently buried. Five shafts have been sunk on the property, varying in depth from SOft to 100ft, two of which are connected with drives at the 60ft level. Two gold-bearing lodes, of the schistose and ironstone variety have been met with below the surface, from which excellent dish prospects are obtainable. Pending the arrival of a pumping plant, however, it is impossible to continue sinking, but immediately the machinery is erected into position the manager intends to pursue a vigorous policy of development with a view of testing the lodes at a depth. Lower down on the flat, and, metaphorically, nestled in the bosom of the old lake bed is THE GREAT BOULDEE JUNCTION. Two shafts have been put down on this property. About 220ft of driving has also been done at the 60ft level of the main shaft, a 5ft lode, together with several gold-bearing leaders being met with en route. Like all other claims in the vicinity this property is destined to be cursed with the water difficulty, and machinery is urgeutly needed to enable sinking to be continued to the regions of settled country, where an opportunity will be afforded the manager, Captain M'Clure. of proving the worth or otherwise of the property under his control. The output of water from the adjacent claim to the east, THE HESPERUS, exceeds 32,000 gallons daily. The finishing touches are now, however, being put to| a powerful pumping plant, which when completed will keep the shafts dry, and enable sinking operations to be carried on. Five shafts, ranging in depth from 60ft to 220ft, have been put down on a big low- grade formation which traverses the property. Now that pumping machinery is on the ground capable of coping with the present heavy influx of water, s start will immediately be made to continue sinking in the main shaft until a depth of 250ft. is attained, at which level crosscuts will be run to tap the lode met with at the higher levels, and to prospect the surrounding country. A powerful winding end pumping plant lias already been erectei on THE HESPERUS EXTENDED, and the mine, in all respects, appears to be thoroughly equipped and prepared for the worst, wllich in this part means the striking of an underground 2ake of salt water. Only one shaft has been sunk on the property, and at present sinking operations are being pushed on with all despatch with a view of getting down to a depth and testing the country in stratified regions Adjoining this property is the newly-floated I VAN HOE CONSOLS, possessed o£ large acreage, and blessed with a London share register and a nominal capital of £125,000. Notwithstanding the latter throttling disadvantage, the mine, which appears to be situated in the heart of a gold-bearing eone of country, has excellent prospects, and certainly indications point to it being a good many removes from an untamed feline concern. The main shaft has been sunk to a depth of 190ft. At the 150ft level a rich 9ln leader, covered with a thick casing of mullocky Lodeetuff. was met with, and other gold-bearing formations have also been met with en route from that depth to the present. Another shaft has been put down to a depth of 120ft. and, on the arrival of machinery, which is expected to be on the ground shortly, a start will be made to sink and connect both shafts at the 250ft level, also to run crosscuts with a view of testing several formations known to exist within the confines of the 64 acres that comprise the area owned by the company. Further south, in the midst of a iusuriant growth of shrubs indigenous to swamps in this colony, and alone in its glory, so far as complying with the labor conditions is concerned, Ues the furthermost southern relation of the Boulder, best known as THE SOUTHEFIN BOULDEE. A big gold-bearing jasper and quartz lode formation runs through this lease, on which two shafts, connected atadepth of 50ft, have been sunk. The cry of "Pumping machinery wanted" is also heard here, and until its arrival on the ground systematic development work cannot be proceeded with. Half a mile further south, at the extreme end of the belt, and in close proximity to the Leviathan battery, THE DTJNBAB LEASES, now under flo'ation in England, are met with. Several parallel schistose and ironstone lodes traverse this property, bulk assays from which have given very high results. The claim, however, is purely a prospecting show, and a good deal of development work will have to be done before it can claim to have emerged from its swaddling clothes. [To be continued,] 