A Wonderful Woman ; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY, :o: By MES MAY AGNES FLEMING. Author of " Wed, Yet No Wife," "Norine," "Baronet's Bride," Etc. — — — :o: CHAPTER I.— KATHERINE. The large, loud-voiced clock over tlie stables struck nine, and announced to all whom it might concern that the breakfast-hour of Sir John Dangerfield, Bamnet, of Scarswood Park, Sussex, had arrived. Within and without the gTeat house nas very still; a breakfast- table, spark ling with crystal; rich with rough old silver, gay with tall glasses of Septem ber roses, and snowy with napery, stood ready and waiting in a spacious room. Through the open windows the sweet- scented morning wind blew, and far off you caught in the summer stillness the soil wash of the waves on the yellow sands, more than a mile away. At the last chime of the loud-voiced clock the door opened, and Sir John Bangor field came into the room. The baronet glanced impatiently around in search of something or somebody else. " Not down yet," he said. '' That's not like Katherine! She is not used to dissipation, and I suppose last night's concert has made her lazy this morning. Thomas" — to the footman, appearing like a tall plush spectre in the doorway — "tell Miss Katherine's maid that X am waiting breakfast. Has the 'Times' ar rived?" ''Ves, Sir John." Thomas presented the folded Thun derer to his master and vanished. Sir John Dangerfield flung himself into an easy- chair. He was a tall, portly gentleman, this Sussex baronet, with a handsome, florid face, and an upright, military bearing. For three months only had he reignea master of Scars- wood ; three lives had stood between him and the baronetcy, and, a Colonel in the Honorable East India Company's Service, he had, four months before this sunny September morning, about as much idea of lording it in Scarswood Hall as he had of ever sitting on the throne of England. Suddenly, and as if a fatality were at work, these three lives had been removed, and Colonel Danger- field, of the H.E.I.C.S., became Sir John Dangerfield of Scarswood Park, and, with his daughter- and heiress, came back to England for the first time in fifteen years. He was a widower, and AllSS DdllffPrflPlfl Vlic a no-Hton life heiress, his idol, had been born in Eng- o??' and was two Years old when her lather had last gone out to India, and BTown up t0 i>e nearly seventeen before she had ever set foot upon English soil again. He unfolded his paper, but he did not read. . Prospect," he said — "a princely efJta,,ce! And to think that four months ago I was grilling alive in Cal- \- Wlth no rthly hope but that of 'r.ln? one day from the company's en ice with chronic liver complaint, it J\?0loners half"Pay. For myself would not matter ;but for Katherine!" «is face changed suddenly. "If I could oon'iJ i cerlaln she were dead. If I only rid „ ?.e. c®, tain tllat my secret was bu- -«» ! rt never mattered before hivno' 0. out o£ ller reach; but since turn t„ Tl<m to Scarswood, since my re- has 1,1 ,nglaniJ' that wretch's memory last n'ght r i!!6 Hk® an evl1 s»irit- nly saw w dreamed of her-dreamed I me in ,,v ack eyos gleaming upon A s ,,00m' Faugh!" h freshli.far above closed with a bang; bird- "the VOice carollin& like a little i>m?,UlCit Da14®1"' patter, patter of three CS down stairs-the last door of with a jump; and then the Wide anfl hreakfast-i-oom was flung l»e heireag of Scarswood PlLhtrt int0 the room. Sashed in in US6 the word advisedly— a hill- Siae hrL& St o£ sunshine— like lather in flm£!!!fand st<»od before her tfbbons waving white muslin, pink fcyes dancing an V40 wa hair flying, grey tinging throiiPh esh' sweet voice lorough the room. "Good morning, papa!" Miss Danger- field cried, panting, and out of breath. "Is breakfast ready? I'm perfectly fam ished, and would have starved to death in bed if Ninon had not come and routed me out. And how is your appetite, pa pa? — and I hope I have not kept you waiting too long — and, oh, wasn't the concert perfectly de — licious last night!" And then two white arms went im petuously round the neck of the Indian officer, and two fresh rosy lips gave him a kiss that exploded like a torpedo. Sir John disengaged himself laugh ingly from this impulsive embrace. "Gently, gently, ICatliie; don't quite garrote me with those long arms of yours. Stand off, and let me see how you look after last night's dissipation. A perfect wreck, I'll be bound." "Dissipation! A perfect wreck! Oh, papa, it was heavenly — just that! I shall never forget that -tenor singer — who sang Fortunio's song, you know, papa, with his splendid eyes, and the face of a Greek god. And his name — Gaston Dantree — beautiful as himself. Don't talk to me of dissipation and a wreck ; I mean to go again to-night, and to-mbrrow night, and all the to-morrow nights while those concerts are given by the Tal- bots." She stood before him gesticulating rapidly, with the golden morning light pouring full- on her face. And Miss Katherine Dangerfield, heiress and heroine, was beautiful, you say, as an heiress and heroine should be? I am sorry to say No. The young ladies of the neighborhood, otherwise English misses with pink and white complexions, and perfect manners, would have told you Katherine Danger- field was lanky and overgrown, had sunbyg-nt hands and complexion, too small a nose, and too large a mouth and chin. "Would have told you her forehead was low, her complexion sallow, and her manners perfectly horrible. She was boisterous, she was a lioiden, and said whatever came uppermost in her mind, was utterly spoiled by a doting father, and had the temper of a very ter magant. They would probably have for gotten to mention, those young ladies, that the sallow complexion was lighted by a pair of loveliest dark-grey eyes, that the tall, supple figure of the girl of seventeen gave rare promise of stately and majestic womanhood, that the ever ready smile, which parted the rosy lips, displayed a set of teeth hashing like jewels. "Well, papa, and how do I look? Not very much uglier than usual, I hope. Oh, papa,". the girl suddenly cried, clasping tyer hands, "why, why, why wasn't I bom- handsome? I. adore beauty— pic tures, music, sunshine, flowers, and — handsome -men! I hate women— I hate girls, vain, malicious magpies — spiteful .and spiritless. Why don't I look like you, you handsome, splendid old soldier! Why was I born with a yellow skin, an angular figure, and more arms and hands than I ever know what to do with? Whom do I take after to be so ugly, papa? Not after you, that's clear. Then it must be after mamma." Sir John, in his sunny window- seat, had been listening with an indulgent smile, folding his crackling paper. The crackling suddenly ceased at his daughter's last words, the smile died wholly away. "Say, papa," Katherine cried, im patiently, "do I look like mamma? I never saw her, you know, nor her pic ture, nor anything. If I do, you couldn't have been over and above particular during the. period of love's young dream. Do I inherit my tawny com plexion, and square chin and snub nose, and low forehead from the late Mrs Colonel Dangerfield?" Her father laid down his paper and arose. "Come to breakfast, Katherine," he said, more coldly than he had ever spo ken to her before in his life, "and be kind enough to drop the subject. Tour flip pant manner of speaking of— of your mother Is positively shocking. I am afraid it is true what they say of you here— Indian nurses— the lack of a mo ther's care — and my indulgence, have spoiled you." "Very veil, papa: then the fault is yours, and you shouldn't blame me. The what's-liis-name cannot change his spots, and I can't change my irreverent nature any more than I can my looks. But, really and truly, papa, do "I look like mamma ?" "No— yes— I don't know." " 'No— yes — I don't know.' Intelligible, perhaps, hut not at all satisfactory. When I am left a widow,1 1 hope I shall remember how the dear departed part ner of my existence looked, even after thirteen years. Have you no portrait of mamma, then ?" "No! In Heaven's name. Katherine, eat your breakfast, and let me cat mine!" "I am eating my breakfast." res ponded his daughter, testily. "I sup pose a person can talk and eat at the same time. Haven't you rather got a pain in your temper this morning, papa? And I must say I think it a little too hard that I can't be told who I take my ugliness from." Sir John again laid down his paper with a resigned sigh, lie knew of old how useless it was to try and stem the torrent of his daughter's eloquence. "What nonsense you talk, my dear!'' he said. "You're not ugly. You don't want your father to pay you compli ments, do you, Katherine ? I thought your cousin Peter paid you enough last night to satisfy even your vanity tor a month." Katherine shook her head impatiently until all its red-brown tresses Hashed again. "Peter Dangerfield— wretched little bore! Yes, he paid' me compliments, with his hideous little wizen face close to my ear, and . I told him, for goodness sake, to hold his tongue and not drive me frantic with his idiotic re marks. He let me alone after that, and sulked. I tell you what it is, papa — if something is not done to prevent him, that little grinning imbecile will be ask ing me to marry him one of these days — mark my words." "Very well — suppose he does?" The baronet leaned back iflfchis chair, and raised his paper nervously before his face. " Suppose he does, Kathie— what then ?" "What then!" The young lady could but just repeat the words in her amaze and indignation. - "What then! Sir John Dangerfield— do you mean to insult me, sir? Put down that paper this in stant, and look the person you're talking to full in the face, and repeat 'what then,' if you dare!" "Well, Kathie," the baronet said, still fidgeting with his paper screen, and not Inrtlrin cr hie ovr-l trii HfiTo pfimmflTlflill? officer in the face, "Peter's not hand some, I know, nor dashing, but he's a clever little fellow, and my nephew, and in love with you, and will make you a much better husbaud, my dear, than a much better-looking man, Handsome men are always vain as peacocks, and so deeply in love with themselves that they never have Topm in their conceited hearts and empty' heads to love any one else. Don't'be romantic, my dear— you'll not find heroes anywhere now except in novels. Peter's a clever little fellow, as I said, and over head and ears in love with you." "A clever little fellow! A clever little fellow!" repeated Miss Dangerfield, with intense, concentrated scorn. " Papa," with dignity, "a few minutes ago you told me to change the subject. I make the same remark now. I wouldn't marry your clever little fellow not to save my own head from the gallows or his soul from perdition. Sir John, I con sider myself doubly insulted this morn ing! I don't wonder you sit there excru ciating my nerves with that horrid raft- ling paper, and ashamed to look me in the face. I think you have reason to be ashamed! Telling your only child and heiress she couldn't do better than throw herself away on a pitiful little country lawyer, only five feet high, and with the countenance of a rat. If it were that adorable Gaston Dantree. now ! Oh, here's the post. Papa, papa! give me the key." Miss Dangerfield, forgetting in a second the late outrage offered her by her cruel parent, seized the key, un locked the bag, and plunged in after its contents. "One— two — three— four! Two for me from India— one for you from ditto, in Major Trevanion's big slap-dash, and this Why, papa, what lady corres pondent can you have in Paris? What an elegant Italian hand! what thick yel low perfumed paper, and what a senti mental seal and motto! Blue wax and 'Pensez a mol.' Now, papa, who can this be from?" She threw the letter across the table. With her first words the face of the Indian officer had changed — a haunted look of absolute terror had come into his face. His hand tightened over the paper, his eyes fixed themselves upon the dainty missive his daughter held before them, his florid, healthful color faded — a dull greyish whiteness crept over his face from brow to chin. "Papa!" Katherine cried, "you're ill ; you're going to have a fit! Don't tell me! Oan't I see it? Drink this — drink it this moment, and come round." She held a glass of water to his lips. He obeyed mechanically, and the color that had faded and fled slowly crept back - to his bearded, sun-browned face. "There!" said Miss Dangerfield, in a satisfied tone, "you have come round ! And now tell me, was it a fit, or was it the letter? Tell me the truth, sir; don't prevaricate." "It was one of my old attacks, Kathie, nothing more. You ought to be used to them by this_t hue. .Nothing more, I give you my jswd.i 'paek-to your break fast, (ld;.ie-<»id,--Seti,f',and don't stand storing there in tba't uncomfort able fcay." 7 CT g ti l ') " | "My opinion is.iapa, rjsgpQTided Miss Dangerfield-, with gra>ritj.v,|_,iat you're in a bad.3Y;'ii.sb0bIOurn your at tention i rnftxJi iri f<M y ' f i-Anfiff i e roast beef of old England to water gruel and weak tea. A fine old English gentleman of your time of day, who has left his liver behind him in India, and who has a Sepoy bullet lodged for life in his left lung, and a strong tendency to apoplexy besides, ought to mind what he eats and drinks, and be on very friendly terms with the nearest clergyman. Aren't you going to read that letter, papa, and tell me who the woman is who has the pre sumption to write to you without my knowledge? Now where" are you going?" For Sir John had risen hastily, his let ters in his hand. "To my study, Kathie. Finish your breakfast, darling, and don't mind me." He stooped down suddenly, and kissed j her with almost passionate tenderness. "My darling! my darling!" he said. "Heaven bless and keep you always, whatever happens — whatever happens." He repeated the last words with a sort of anguish in his voice, then turned and walked out of the breakfast-room before his very much amazed daughter could speak. "Well!" exclaimed Miss Dangerfield at. lost, "this does cap ' the universe, doesn't it?" This question, being ad dressed to vacancy, received no reply. "There's a mystery here, and i don't like mysteries out of sensation novels. I, have no secrets from papa — what busi ness has papa to have secrets from me?" She arose with an injured air, gave the bell a vicious pull, and walked in offended dignity back to her room. The broad, black, slippery, oaken staircase wont up in majestic sweeps to the re gions above. Miss Dangerfield ascended it slowly, and with a face of perplexed thought. "It was never an attack— don't tell me — It was that nasty, vicious, spidery written little letter! Now, what woman wrote that letter, and what business had she to write it? I shall insist upon papa giving me a full explanation at dinner time. No woman in Paris or any other wicked city shall badger my pre cious old soldier into an early grave. And meantime I shall have a gallop on Ilde- rim over the golden Sussex downs." She entered her room singing the song the handsome tenor had sung at the con cert the night before, the melody of whose silver voice, the dusky fire . of whose eyes, the dark foreign beauty of whose face, had haunted her romantic seventeen-year-old mind ever since. " Rispondia a ehi t' implora! Rispondia a cava a me!" "How handsome he was— how hand some—how handsome! If ever I marry, it shall be a man — a demi-god like that Peter Dangerfield, indeed! Nasty little bore! Still, I would rather have him in love with me than have no one at all. I wonder if it is I myself he loves, or Scarswood Park, and the heiress of eight thousand a year. Ninon, my green rid ing habit, and tell them to fetch Ilderim round. And, oh, Ninon, niy child, tell that tiresome groom I don't want him perambulating behind me, like an apo- plectic shadow. Ilderim and I can take care of ourselves." " But, mademoiselle, Seer John's or ders " "Ninon Duclos, will you do as I order you? I won't have the groom — there! I'm always shocking the resident gentry, of this neighborhood, and I mean to go on shocking them. I feel as if I had a spy at my heels while that beef-eating groom is there. Help me on with my. habit, and say no more about it." Little Ninon knew a good deal better than to dispute Miss Dangerfield's mood when Miss Dangerfield spoke in that tone. Miss Dangerfield had boxed her ears before now, and was very capable of doing it again. Perhaps, on the whole, smart little Ninon rather liked having her ears impetuously slapped by her impulsive young mistress, and the tingling cured, as it invariably was, by the present of Miss Katherine's second- best silk dress half an hour after. Looking very bright and dashing, it not in the least pretty, the heiress of Scarswood Park ran lightly down the slippery stairs, out of the vast vaulted hall, where statues gleamed and suits ot mail worn by dead-and-gone Danger- fields centuries before, flashed back the sunshine. Her dark-green riding habit fitted her, as Katherine herself said, "as though she had been born in it," the waving brightness of her brown hair was twined in thick plaits round her graceful head, and her hat, with its scarlet bird's wing perched ever so little on one side, set off the piquant face beneath — a thoroughly English face, despite the gol den hue of a tropic sun. "I beg your parding, miss," Roberts the butler said, stepping forward. He was a dignified, elderly, clerical-looking personage, like an archbishop in silk stockings and knee breeches; "but if you will liexcuse the remark, iniss, it thinks as 'ow we're going to 'ave a storm. There's that closeness in the hair, miss, and that happearance in the hatmosphere that always preceeds a thunderstorm. If I might make stf bold, miss, I should hadvise you not to stay hout more than an hour, at the furthest." "Good gracious, Roberts, what non- i sense! There's not a cloud in the sky. Oh, well, that one! Why, it's no bigger than my hand. I'm going to Castleford, and I don't believe In your thunder- storms." "You'll ca.tch It, though, for all that, my young lady," soliloquised Mr Roberts looking after the slight girlish figure as it dashed out of 'sight down the elin ave nue mounted on a spirited black horse. "Great storms 'ave come from clouds no bigger than a man's "and before now. But you're a young persing who won't be hadvised, and you'll come to grief one of these days through 'aving too much of your own way, as sure as my name's Roberts." And then Mr Roberts philosophically went back to the " Castleford Chroni cle," and never dreamed that he had ut tered a prophecy. Miss Dangerfield dashed away ovei the breezy Sussex downs— gold-green in the September sunshine. But the brilli ance of that sunlight grew dim and dim mer with every passing moment, anfl looking up presently she saw that lier ' "cloud no bigger than a man's hand" had spread and darkened, and was fast glooming over the whole sky. Old Ro berts had been right then, after all; and unless she stayed at Castleford, or turn ed back at once, she was in for a drench ing. "I won't turn hack, and won't stop at Castleford," the baronet's daughter said, setting her white teeth. 'Til get my books, and I'll go home, and Hdeirim and I shall outstrip the lightning after all." She dashed into the town. Castleford was a military depot, and knots of red- coated officers grouped here and there, lowered their crests, and gazed after hei with admiring eyes, as she flew by. "Plucky girl, that," said Captain Vers de Vere to his friend, Captain Howard. "Gad! how squarely she sits her saddle. And what a waltzer she is— as graceful as a Parisienne ballerina, and as springy. Comfortable thing there waiting for some lucky beggar — clear eight thous and a year. 'Not a handsome girl, I admit; but what would you ? Doosldljr clever, too, and" that's a drawback. I hate your clever women — put a fellow out of countenance, by Jove! Shouldn't know anything, women shouldn't, be yond the three great feminine arts- dancing, dressing, and looking pretty." With 'which terse summary of womeii's duties the honorable PJantagenet Vere de Vere lighted his huge Manilla and sauntered away. "She seemed uncom monly sweet on that foreigner, thai -SSli Creole fellow— what's his name?— at the .incert last night," he thought. '' It's always fellows like that, with tenor voices and long eyelashes, that draw the matrimonial prizes. Heard her tell Edith last night all the officers at Castle- ford had ginger hair, and knew no more how to waltz than so many lively young -elephants." Miss Dangerfield's errand Was to a Castleford bookseller's, and her order was for all the newest novels. She came out presently, followed by the obsequ ious shopman carrying her parcel, and bowing his thanks. The storm was very near now. The whole sky was dark— there was that oppressive heat and stillness in the air that usually pre cede a thunderstorm. "Coming!" Miss JDangerfield thought, % j 1 hon vaulting: miio <ner gauuic. Iiderim, my beauty, my darling, outstrip the storm, if you can!" She was off like the wfhd, and in a few minutes the town lay far behind her- But fate had decreed'to take sides with Roberts. On the bare downs, treeless and house less, the lightning leaped like a two- edged sword. There came the booming trash of thunder, then a deluge of rain, »nd the midday summer tempest was jipon her in its might. The swift, sua- den blaze of the lightning In his eyes Startled the nervous system of Iiderim. He tossed his little black Arabian head In the air with a snort of terror, made a bound foi-ward, and fled over the grassy plains with the speed of an express train. "A runaway, by Jove A man darted forward with the cry upon his lips, and made the agile spring of a wild-cat at Ilderim's bridle rein. A moment's struggle, and then the spirit ed Arab stood still under the grasp of an Iron hand, quivering in every limb, and bis mistress, looking down from her saddle, met full two of the most beauti ful eyes into which it had ever been her good fortune to look. . It was Mr Gaston Dantree, the hand some silver-voiced tenor of last night s concert, and a flash of glad surprise lighted up her face. "Mr Dantree," she cried, "youand in this tempest and at so opportune a moment. How shall I thank you for gave — for rendering me such very timely assistance ?" "For saving my life," she had been going to say, but that would have been coming it a little too strong. Her life had not been in the smallest danger — she was a thorough horsewoman, and could have managed a much wilder animal than Iiderim. But the knight to the rescue was Mr Dantree, and last night Miss Dangerfield had looked for the first time into those wondrous eyes of golden brown-light, and fallen straight in love Withtheir owner. He was very handsome ; perfectly, faultlessly handsome, with an olive com plexion, a low forehead, a chisselled nose, a thick black moustache, and two dark almond eyes, of "liquid light." Hot toll, not stout, not very manly looking, ferhaps, in any way ; men were rather given to sneer at Mr Gaston Dan tree's somewhat effeminate beauty. But they never sneered long. There was that in Mr Dantree's black eyes, In Mr Dan- tree's musical voice, In Mr Dantree's trained muscles, that would have rend ered a- serious difficulty a little unplea sant He tookoff his hat now, despite the pouring rain, and stood before -the heiress of Scarswood, looking like the 'Apollo himself In a shabby shooting jac ket ' \- "You do me too much honor. Miss -Dangerfield ; I don't really think your Jife was In any danger; still It's pleasant to know I was the one to stop your black steed, all the same. Rather a coinci dence, by-the-bye, that I should meet you here just at present, as. taking ad vantage of last night's kind Invitation, I was about to present myself at Scars- .Wood." t " And Scarswood is very well worth seeing, I assure you, As it is not more ban a quarter of a mile to the gates, appose you resume your hat and your Journey?" \- "But, Miss Dangerfield, you will get your death at this pace in this down pour." r "Ob, no. Til not!" Katherine answer ed, coolly. "The rain will never fall that will give me my death! You don't know how strong I am. Come, Mr Dantree. let me see If you can walk as fast as Iiderim." " She looked -down at- him with that bril liant smile tfhat lighted her dark face Into something 'brighter "than beauty, "Come, Mr Dantree," she repeated, "let tie be cicerone for once, and show , you the splendors of Scarswood. It is the show place of the neighborhood, you know, built by a Dangerfield, I am afraid to say how many centuries ago. We came over with William, the what's-his- n&me;, you know, or perhaps William found us here when he arrived; Fm not positive which. We're a dreadfully old family. Indeed, and I'm the last daughter X>t the race; and I wouldn't be anybody "but Batlierine Dangerfield of Scarswood Park for the world!" She dashed under the huge masonry as .he spoke, half laughing, wholly in earn est She was proud of the old blood that flowed so spiritedly in her veins, of this noble mansion, of the princely in heritance which was her birthright. \- "Welcome, to Scarswood, Mr Dantree," he said, as be passed by her side under the Norman arch. \- He raised his hat 'Thank you, Miss Dangerfield," he laid, gravely; and so, still by her side, walked iip the dripping elm avenue and Jnto.thehouse. His fatal beauty— -fatal, though he was |>nt-sey»h-ana-twenty, to many women— Jkad dope Its woric ones more. Her own I hand had brought him there, her own voice had spoken her sentence. Gaston Dantree stood under the roof of Scars wood Hall, and until her dying hour, this day would stand out distinct from ail other days in Katherine Dangerfield's life. Sir John sat in his library alone, the letter from Paris still crushed in his hand as though it had been a serpent. It seemed a very harmless serpent at first sight; it only contained these lines, written in an elegant, flowing Italian chirography: Paris, September 23. My Dear Sir John Dangerfield, — How delightedly my pen writes the title! A baronet! Who would have thought it? And Scarswood Park is yours, and your income is clear eight thousand a year. Who could have hoped it? And you're back in England, and la petite — the lit tle Katherine. Darling little Katherine! tso iuii 01 spirit ana seu-wiu, as sne was when I saw her last, and that is fifteen years ago. Ah, mon dieu! fifteen weary, weary, weary years. My dear baronet, I am comiDg to see you. I know you will be enchanted. On the 3rd of October you will send your carriage to Castleford station to meet the twenty minutes past seven London express an.d me. And your servant will as for Mrs "Vavasor. I adapt my names as I do my conversa tion to my company, and among the ar istocratic county families of Sussex let me be aristocratic too. Adieu, my baronet, for the present, and allow me to sub scribe myself by the old cognomen of HARRIET HARMAN. P. S— Tell my pet, Katherine, I ant coming. Kiss the darling child for me. He had sat- for hours as he sat now, that letter crushed in his hand, a grey ish pallor on his face, his eyes looking blankly out at the drifting rain, at the tossing wind-blown trees. The light ning leaped forth at intervals, the sum mer thunder broke forth over the roof, the summer rain beat on the glass. He neither saw nor heard; he sat like a man stunned by a great and sudden blow. "And I thought her dead," he murmur ed. "I hoped she was dead. I thought, after fifteen years' silence, I was safe; and now — oh, God, will the wicked wish never be granted?" He Still sat there as be had sat since he left the breakfast table, when the door was flung wide open and Kathe rine, dripping like a mermaid, stood toe- fore him. "May I come in, papa, or have you fallen asleep? Do you know it is two o'clock, and past luncheon time, and that I have brought home a guest? It's Mr Dantree, papa. You remember him, you know; and he wants to see the house and I want you to be civil to him. He's in the blue drawingroom; and while I'm changing my habit, I wish you would go and entertain him. Papa!" (She broke off suddenly, catching sight of his altered face.) "What is the matter? You look like your own ghost." He rose up stiffly, as if bis limbs were cramped, crushing the letter more tight ly stiU in his hand. He turned away from the window, so that his face was hidden from her, as he answered: "I am a little cold. Who did you say was waiting, Katherine? Oh, yes, the singing man/Gaston Dantree. By-the- bye, Kathie, tell Harrison to prepare one of the front chambers for a— a.lady— an old friend of mine — who is coming to visit us. She will be here on the even ing of the 3rd of October next, and her name is Mrs Vavasor." (To be continued.) 