SMALL EVENTS ON A BIG JOURNEY.— XX. IBy G. Fleckek.1 SWITZERLAND. I was very well received by the hoteliers in Switzerland, and enjoyed of ten their company. I learned that the constant improvements and suDerior accommodation offered bv the latest hotels make hotelkeeping very dimcult and rather costly ; so I asked them on one occasion if their ultra-democratic Parliament does not help ti.'-ui by giving them a certain monopoly or by refusing other licences or by closing some other hotels. ' What,' said my friend, 'makes you think of such an absurH proposition V'' 'There is nothing absurd about it,' said I. 'About twenty years ago the hotelier iu the colonies was in tho same way harassed ; anybody could put up a hotel, rill hotelkeeping became a real hard trade I to make a living af. They formed an Associa j tion and thought on the best means to secure a j living. A very clever fellow suggested the I formation of an Anti- hotel Society, which was later called Anti-liquor or (falsely) Tempe rance Society. 'Nothing like having to tight an opponent. The clergy, always at hand to help the unfortunate, joined tho Society, whese first aim was to stop building more hotels, and the next to close the poorer class so as to give the struggling richer class of hotels a better chance to live in comfort. Like every other j reform it met with great opposition and with ridicule, but one clever fellow piciced quietly up a few women, and encoivraged them to join the Society aud make feeling speeches against :he evil of drinkiug, against the drink traffic, and personally against the hoteliers, whose faces were as blnek as ink, an! whose hearts as hard as metal. At first that Association was nearly killed with ridicule, till a tew otherwise empty - headed fellows saw a splendid opportunity by its means to enter society and Parliament. They took up the cry against liquour, they stood shedding tears for the unfortunate, aud mostly succeeded in getting a bil.et in Parliament. Here they made speeches on every occasion, in season and out ot season, against the hotelier, who goes there by the horrid name of 'publican:' although the latter has nothing to do with the stupid fellow ivho spends his money in some drinkshops, ?vhich they call with the same title as that of the legitimate hotel-keeper, whose business is harassed by insulting laws, but at the same time he is guarded agains; undue competition. That is ;ill our fellows wanted.' The Swiss asked me what was the eiiecfc on the drink traffic. ' I cannot say,' I replied, 'thatiti? diminished ; the Treasurer seem? to be satisfied with the Customs duties, which are net lighter, and the brewers don'c complain. Drinking is done in a more quiet way, but for the last twenty years no hotel has been built, and the present holders of licences have for this to thank the gentlewomen, v/ho are still keeping up the agitation.' 'But/' said my friend, '' where shall I get the ladies to term Societies and to speak at meetings!'' ' V-'ell, ' saici 1. 'you may arrange to import some, or in their absence start with gentlemen. They some times play ladies' parts.'5 So I left him, aud I think he is going to propose tiie idea to his Association. Besides rising early and ascending soair; mountain there is no amusement in Switzer land worth mentioning, but you can look at the mountains, you can ascend them by all sorts of vehicles, and you generally cet tired and sleep soundly. I did that conscientiously for a few days and then left for Zi:g, s. beau tiful spot on the lake of the satne name, and the capital of one of the smallest cantons. Hence I intended visiting the two moat fre quented favourites in the mountain line — the Kigi and the Pilatus. I picked the tirst ta start v/ith. The railway to Riga is one of the boldest constructions you can imagine. On certain parts it seems that the whole system is hanging. The ascent varies from one in six to one in four. You cross a small viaduct, just as you might go on astaircaoe. over a precipice of thousands of feet, and you are always thinking how the deuce did they fix the rails on. It is quite amazing to observe the curves. All at once you see a hilly patch, a hut, and a few cows, and you think you aro in Dreamland. Then you reach the lligi ivaitbat'u station, i» health report, ami you notice a lake to the risiht, a lake to the left, and in the front a little higher the Vierstiidt Lake. Tiie engine brought; u-i up to .mother littie station heroic we reached iligi Kuhn, and then the sun net ; but unfortunately heavy clouds were hanging, so tnat we covuu not s&o; uie rave spectacle, v, e arrived in Kifri Kulm a'ueut is o'clock in the evening, and after wo had ascended another hundred feet a porter met us, took charge of our scanty goods and chattels, and led us to a, very commodious hotel. V/a weie now over j.000 ft. above the lake, and lira! to go up *.hree staircases to reach our bedroom, where icy and frofty air went through our bones, al'-fnough it was the hc-itrht I of the summer, and of course we had left our overcoats in Zug. However. v?e got warmer by looking-iip a parlour where a nice tire was burning. The bell rang, aud about 300 people sat down to a fairly ^good dinner, after which we looked round at our neighbours, the majority of whom were Knglish or American, with a good number of French aud a sprink ling of Germans — all fashions, all tongues, and all costumes; all tired, and a!l — went to bed '. At about o o'clock next morning tho Alphorn blew, and I was tho first to jump out of bod — an operation I had not performed for mauy years. I just wanted to take tho blanket from my bed when my eyo met with the remarkable notice — '' Passengers are not allowed to take any blankets.' The air v.v.j bitterly cold, but I Sail to leave tho blanket. 1 went .straight to the porter with a hearty stuiU- and some thing between my linger?. He received me very kindly and gave nis th-j desired cloth, which 1 wanted very badly, because snow v;ns falling outride and cold air pas-fid through thu passages. I was rather delighted to see tho snow, which I had not seen before for many years. Unfortunately it did not stop on me but melted. Moving a little further outside the hotel I met ihe strangest company. Jltst of the ladies had their husbands' overcoats on, and tho freezing gentlemen had rugs, or apparel bolonsii:jr to their wires Mid sisters. It was rather dark, and we wandered about for a while, and went up to a little platform which the hotelier provided, thinkiug to add a few feet more to the 5,000 or (5,009 of the natural elevation. All at once, 011 the furthest horizon, was seen a yellow stripe, which divided the grey rm the sky. After a fey.- more minutes a white stripe cut the sky, indicating some light in the farthest distance, ami then slowly disap peared. Tiie horn was blowing, the people were moving, and everything around seemed now hopelessly grey — the sky, the hills, aud the valleys. The latter were tilled with .1 milky substance, Vhich looked like cloud.-* going through a still, and I waited with greac anxiety for the appearance of the sun. But nothing happened fur a whil o. By aud-by, however, .x ray of light suddenly broke through the clouds and formed another stripe ou the far horizon. Gradually it acquired morecoiour, growing red and redder, then pale and paler: then it played in two colours for a few seconds, and then came a cloud, and every thing was quiet again. In the meantime all t'ie inhabitants of the hotel asseinblod and hushed about like ghosts, tearing that tho sun might [ret shy and notappear ; but after a while a faint liglu broke through the clouds, and everybody seemed to be full of hope for a good sh;-'.v. But. alas '. the jjloom came again and covered the light-rays, sin.'l we saiu clearly that tho tus.-le between the light and the clouds was becoming earnest. A eload. a glimpse of light, another cloud, and for a part of a second a corner cr* the fireball appeared, when a power ful cloud covered the- whole scene, and the nsrht was at an ena. Xiie clouds had won the day. Slowly came daylight, but tho sun stopped stubbornly behind ttie clouds. We left the zenith of the mountain quite dis eouraared. Cold and dismal did we turn back to the hotel, looking for a cup of tea. It v.-as 0 o'clock when we arrived in our nost. where we tried hard to get a few hundred winks, but excitement aud forlorn nope would not allow us to hitr.-p, and 30 we soon got v.p auain. We tried oar luck at S o'clock for a second-class view, but wo found the »amo oid clouds, without .a sun, and made up our minds to leave this sublime spot after breakfast. People who knew gave up all hope fur the day. aud a-t 10 o'clock we left iilg'i ivulr.i for Zug, and then with the- next boa' to Lucerne, the capital of the same named canton, one of the nieest spots N'ature provided for us. aad a special favourite with all £nj;ii.«hraon. The principal resort of Lucerne is Hohevesr, an avenue of walnuts. The hotel? are iarcre aad perfect. The great popular peaks, th-j Jungfrau and others, are before one's eyes, for I-.ut.-orm* iiea between the giant mountains of Swit7.evla.:ul. We wen1; to tha Scir.veir.erUof, one of tiie lar^o and beautiful hotels. and had r. ?rt^a; fro at the meals ami the bad wines which |hey are trying- to throw on your throats, but in vain. 1 preferred even the bad beer. We made a slight attempt to enjoy city amusements, but wero told that it \va- r.o use. :w tho people would not go t-_- pco anything except it was as high as t lie Young Frau or St. G-cthard. So after looking again at those majestic ruountr.ir.s we left the next day for Interlaken, another suburb of Lucerne, ant! one of the most charming spots on God's cartli. It has the samo class of surroundings and the samo class of mountains, but oEers more excursions 'then Lucerne. Out of the multitude of sicio trips \re picked the excur sion to Griadelwald. We made the drive in a small country trap, and once in Grindehvald i we mounted two horses and went straight to the glaciers— I thiuk they call them upper piaciers. At a very small wooden bridge over a deep gullv .1 professional made some wonder ful shots and produced a chorus of echoes. A little further a Swiss blew the hora and showed us what he can do in the blowing line. Then another half an hour brought us up to another hut where we drauk that horrible stuff called Swiss wine, and a quarter of an hour later we shook our feet on a genuine glacier. It was not washed, aud looked a dirty srrey. I had % pair of thin shoes and felt the ice under my feet very keenly, but I went on for a while. Presently I entered an artificial ice protto, ibout 150 ft. long, but returned quicker than I went in. Then I was invited very heartily by pur guide to cross the glacier and come down in another direction, but declined the great honour, which my young friend accepted. Back at Grindelwald we drove to another :elebrated shere. The drive tooK us through inother gully, where we passed a good-sized Farm, and where Swiss milk is made wholesale. Then we went to seo the Staubfall, a small ivaterfall dropping from a considerable height, ivhere the water falls in dust foam. There are scores of important excursions to the Alps, but! I was not ambitious to run any risk, and I had no time to make them. Switzerland ig actually a great elevator of small thonghts — nothing is small, nothing prosaic, everything gigantic, everything mblime : Nature seems to hold all her trumps in that little, but very important, piece of land. I made great friends with those big mountains, but even thu best of friends must part. 1 left mountainous Switzerland with the promise in my heart to come again and spend a whole summer amongst those favourite hills and gullies, waterfalls, and mountain railways. * My next journey was to Berne, where I tried to get some political information, but Parlia ment was closed, and we could only .see the building and have a glimpse into .the hall, where the model Constitution is practised, and I thought the Constitution might be a model of political thought and the result of practical experiments of many centuries ; but to convert their parochial institution^ to large States would be just as idle as to t^nsplant tropical plants into Switzerland, which, from an agri cultural point of view, gives the impression of being a poor country, although there is a big capital in the mountains and in the genial beauty of the place. We made a tour through the town, which has, unlike the oth-ir places in Switzerland, curiosities outside the mountains. The emblem of Berne is a bear, and you see him everywhere — in the street, on the fountains, in all positions, and in all uniforms. You see him with a sword, with a helmet, on the top of a clock, marching with his brother-bears in procession, just before the hour strikes. In fact the bear is everywhere — I don't know if he is repre sented in Parliament, which was closed, as I have mentioned. Thera was, however, a very serious dispute between the German aud Italian pajt of the population. This was not fought oiA in the Legislature with tongues, but outside with blows, and there is still a bitter feelinir between them in spite of the model Constitution of federated Swiss. By and-by we found ourselve3 in Geneva, at which we stopped for the sake of its exhibition, the fifth we have seen during the last two months. After visiting the town and admiring the beautiful bridges over the Rhone and the Quai Mount Blanc, a grand promerfade, we went to see the English Garden, but found very little P]nglish. but beautiful cafes and fountains. Geneva is the only nlace in Switzerland where mountains and special scenery have to give way to city life of some note. But the great order of the day was the Exhibition, and there we went. It was a really nice and charac teristic show. Tho grounds wero particu larly well laid out, the buildings all iu Swiss style, and woodearvings, high gables and chimneys were everywhere. It wns the only Exhibition I saw where everyday merchandise was not prominent, and where were shewn only characteristic productions of the land, such as Swiss or Geneva watches ir. all siv.es, from that of a child's head to that of a big pea, and in all forms. There were also special Swiss woodt-arving works, products in silk, and t'ne famous laces. It was at that l:L-;hii):tion where I saw the automatic Vic toria, but [ could not move the exhibitor to make her perform her duty as a vehicle, so i did not buy one for Adelaide. When T v.-.-us in Berlin at the Exhi bition the display cf the human incu bator was prohibited by the authorities, but the prohibition was cancelled after we left Berlin, hi Geneva 1 saw the same kind of exhibit. Prematurely born or extraordi narily weak or small children, who otherwise would not live nv.-re than z, lev.- hours or a few days, arc kept alive and put under an appa ratus which from outside looks like a small meatsafe with a kind of tub or chimney. Through a pipe air of an even temperature is admitted. In that safe you see a tiny baby 1/injr on a tiny little mattress on which a small pillow is thrown as a resting-place for the miniature h&ad.; The infant is covered with a blanket. Every hour this mite, which looks like a moving doll, is taken out by a nurse, and fed and then replaced.' There were six machines standing side by side, and two nurses were present. A doctor is also at hand to be cousulted if anything goes wrong. The si^hc of this arrangement is anything but pleasant, but the attendant told us that about 3! 1 per cuit. of thssejEites aro saved. I u;is glad to hi-.vc seen the apparatus, as the time may come when the colonies will have to 'i:eep_ such an institution j,'°'no if they will continue to put difficulties in the way of immigration. France with its two-children system is already beginning to feel the neces sity of keeping up its numerical strength, because Germany is increasing, while the French natiou is decreasing. Leon Say said on one occasion that; France is losing every day a battle, while Germany with its never too-many-chi!dren system is gaining one. Geneva, like all the other Swiss cities, had very little attractions fora moralist, so after having seen the Exhibition again I left for the land of the gods— Italv '. 