THE DREAD OF THE SUPER NATURAL. "We irish. the Psychical Society -sould one day attempt ail analysis of shat- for -want of a better word, we oust call the dread of the super natural. Both those who believe and those who disbelieve in the rotion that >he veil between this -world and the other is capable of being lifted 2<nree in one thing. They all recog nise the fact that most people feel fear, or something alrin to fear, at -sriiat they believe to be the occurrence of supernatural phenomena. There is here, therefore, a piece of ground which may be explored without any begging- of the question as to whether the fear is caused by real ghosts or by iiiekery, by Tats and water-pipes, or lr genuine glimpses of the people of aaother world. One would like to inoir whether the fear felt is alciu to that experienced when a man is frightened by a runaway horse or a are or any other imminent risk of life, or whether it is something different in VJnd. Speaking broadly and without any minute consideration of the facts, one would say that ghost-fright did differ in kind from the fright that comes from active danger. Most people have, we imagine, at some nine or other in their lives experienced aat eerie, uncanny, creepy feeling ?rfrich is associated with the possi bility of contact with the supernatural. Yet few would declare that it was in my sense connected with the dread of b=s of life or limb. The man or ?soman who wakes up in the middle 32 the night and hears strange noises | -ihnmps, raps, clangs and crealdngs -or sees lights or feels the touch of mseen bands, is probably very frigh tened, bnt the sense of bodily fear is Mt present. There is no dread of being killed. People in the agony of -error caused by dangerous accidents instantly call out that they are going :o be killed, but we doubt if that is rrer the case in the fright caused by sanntea houses. Possibly this differ ence may be said to be due to the fact hat the dread of the supernatural is ;ot nearly so acute as that caused by (ae imminent risk of death. People 2 aav oe argued only imagine iemselves to be frightened of ghosts as_ women pretend to be frightened of aice. In neither case is the fright nirfe genuine. It is only want°of ar-controi, and could be mastered in a instant if the will power were in aoper order. Unfortunate! r for ^ose who argue thus there is plenty I evidence to show that occasionally ae oread of the supernatural pro aces Terr serious results. On the I dole, we should say that more people 3a been mghtened out of their wits Twhat they believed to be saper smral phenomena than by accidents phing great risk of life. It js EOt ~ea that one hears of insanitv caused ten by the prolonged agony"of ship Tec£- Tie fear caused by what is IPP°sed to be a supernatural agenej ses. then, to have in it some ele ?au found in ordinary fear. If d when the haunting phenomena snssiear they seem to give a shock ^wie special keenness. Another page thing about the dread ; tho supernatural is its greater wer of transmission. One may, no wbt, read about hairbreadth escapes T a pleasmg thrill of danger, and ^ sensitive people ma;,- even find \- trying " io hear how the hero of mountain climb crawled along a age of rotten rock with a 2000 feet ep below and a sheer wall of cliff OTP. but no one is really terrified ? this in the way that sensitive ople are terrified by reading- or gaost stories." People sus phole to such impressions not un epently find themselves in the aaon of Sir "Walter Scott and amah More, who sai up telling :ost stories till they were both aid to go to bed. Unquestionablv \- lear which we call " ereepiness " much more easily kindled at xmd hand than the good honest ad of having one's skull split. z another curious fact about "the 32 of fear we are discussing is its fitted unreasonableness and want sufficient cause apparent to account ? a man is asked why he is raid of standing in the line of fire -Hi soldiers are shooting, or of Jig any other dangerous thing, 15 -30 sort of mystery about his .=><». -He tells you at once, "lam ^ °f doing this or that because I n t irant to be killed." If you ask a why he is afraid of sleeping in a .anted room,^ as in many cases he -Maotedly will be, even though per dy sane and sufficientlv brave, he ~ 05 unable to tell vou. He will abaoly declare that he does not -^?e in ghosts, and does not ~eve. indeed, in any supernatural -Somena being permitted. Yet he ^ if honest, add there is no sort I SJc-eriainiy about his objection to ! :eping in a room believed to be I .fcited. He may say, of course, that' : toiild force himself on good | ^Dads to submit to being frightened, She will not deny the fright. If! 3 ask him, further, what are the ^squences of which he is afraid, he 4 as we have said, be unable to He will admit that there is ^ear of the figure said to haunt room injuring him in any possible I' sod he will laugh at the notion voices, or loud explosive raps, iOiiehes from cold fingers doing ? bodily damage. In the end, ne will be forced to admit what he is really afraid of is frightened. " Experience -> us that these things, what they are, cause a very un t ^ form of terror in. the ?a an mind, and experience is backed by a str&ng; instinctive feeling in ^men-s minds. I don't know in . least why these things should -se alarm, but as they do I intend avoid them. -An adequate ex piation, if you will, for avoiding Sated rooms, but clearly a very ^rerit reason from that which "V" a bad rider avoid getting on ^iack of a buckjumper. His dread ;'-2'Jamental]y the dread of pln-sicai i_?T- There is yet another verv fact connected with the dread ..-9 supernatural. It often, seems '-people were afraid of ghosts in ' "?T?rie ratio to their belief ?s5?'.r. e5i?I:ence. 'Tlie convinced ?r-ialiit sees no difficulty in r""TI:i= Aat ghosts and haunted ^?23<.are true, and feels little ^ at the thought of encoun fjt? ^bus. The man who disbelieves :n ghosts, and thinks that 0-111 ^Ja explained by tho °n na^ural laws, will, on the ;j~ frankly admit that he is as not to care about sitting ^ ai, .n>gbt in a haunted room oJ' vyai0'i he has heard 1 some ;4 ;SRoas tfdags indeed." Though ^re a'J doubt things which ; ®n be explained, he confesses twilling to try hiE nerves gra j tuitously. On the other hand, it not j nnfrequently happens that people who I are not disposed to be satisfied with j the materialistic explanation of what I are called psychical phenomena, and j who even lean to a supernatural I solution, are by no means easily ! frightened by hauntinss. eithpi- rrami or audible. : Spectator.'' 