THE ELEMENT OF CONTRACTS IN THE MARRIAGE SERVICE. The following interesting and thoughtful paper was read by the Rev. E. H. Scott at the last meeting of the Bendigo Ministers’ Association:— In the opening paragraph of .this special form of service for the solemnisation of matrimony, in the Book of Common Prayer, marriage or matrimony is defined as “ an honorable estate, instituted of God in the time of man’s innoconcy.” Looking at the institution from a purely scientific stand point, the formulators of that service might have said that marriage was a condition of reproduction imposed by the Creator on His calling into existence, this primordial germ and most elementary cell, whose existence is now only made known to us by reference to the lowest strata of rock- testimonj'. Marriage may be defined as the union of the two com plementary elements of reproductions. Marriage is the universal law govering re production of species both in the vegetable and animal kingdom. To this perhaps some will be inclined to demur and cite the apparent exceptions in. the vast families of the aphides, also certain ex tensive orders of microscopical animal life, and, in the vegetable kingdom, the ory ptogamous, where it was thought the law was suspended. A fuller and profoundcr knowledge of animal and vegetable physi logy has shown, that though this law operates in shadow, it is still dominant. In connection with the family of the aphides it was noticed that, at the begin ing of the season, the eggs, laid during the preceding autumn or early winter, all hatched out females: no males could bo detected anywhere, yet the females brought forth perfected young. This con tinued through some fifteen or sixteen generations, till the aut umn, when males began to appear, with the result, that the females ceased bringing forth perfect young as they had done all through the spring and summer, and laid eggs. On en quiring into this unique phenomenon, it [ was found that tho apparent reproduct ion j by tho unaided female was not true birth, but a process of germination or budding, and that generation was transmitted through a whole series till the time came for the last of the series to mate and lay eggs when tho true act of reproduction took placo.. This is known as transmitted generation and applies to tho microscopical orders to which reference was made as well as to the aphides. Again with the cryptogamous plant, tho absence of flowors in ferns, lycopods, mosses, etc,, with the attendant absence of pollen, seemed to indicate the power of the so called fern seeds, as the spore patches wore called to reproduce contrary to the bi sexual law. This conclusion was accepted on insufficient knowledge of the mystery of tho life of those plants which carry on tho processes of reproduction in. shadow. As a matter of fact fern spores are not seeds, but cases of buds. If fern spores, when subjected to moisture and warmth, be watched by means of a fairly powerful magnifying lens, it will bo found that the spores open and minute grains designated spornles fall out.- These sporulcs are buds, not seed. Kapidly they prolong themselves like some of the seaweeds in their develop ments. Quito a tangle of growths appear, with here and there a little cavernous recess or matrix, a number of bulbed baccilli being around the edge, .Finally, one of these bulbed baccilli bonds over into tho recess, with the result a tiny leaflet or the new plant appears. So that even here the Taw of marriage has not been sus pended. I trust you will pardon this somewhat academical introduction, but I dcsiro to substantiate the statement that marriage was universal, and by impressing the fact of tho universality of marriage to emphasize tho terrible responsibility incurred by anv one who trifles or tampers with so far reaching a law. In connection with this subject I mav also perhaps ho permitted (o remind you of the provision made by the Creator for the maintenance of the most perfect in species, while also making provision for progress and development, and if wo can onl)’ bring ovrselves to road the writings of the revered late Charles Darwin from a Thcistic rather than from a pan-thcistic point, I think that much will ho found in those writ ings that even tho most devote Christians will find instructive in consider ing this subject. I think yon will find that the more complex this organism to be re-prod need, the more complex are tho safe-guards provided for suitable marriage, so that tho offspring may maintain tho status of tho parent, or by blending of special perfections in the parents attain even a higher status or move perfect beauty. In the lower forms of life, especially in the vegetable kingdom, marriage or fertili sation seem to bo loft to purest chance, tho pollen being carried without any volition of its own. But as wo proceed higher in tho scale .of being, marriage is safe-guarded not only by the will force, but the will itself is also comlil ionaled and inlluouocd by a wondrous complication of emotion. Quite an army of sentiments array themselves to direct tho will in resisting or accepting any given union. This is observable in birds and animals in varying degrees. Bui when we come to man, the determining causes in our senti mental nature are almost beyond estima tion ; for what is termed aversion or love is the resultant of tho action of tho whole, complex sentimental and emotional na tures. So important has this universal law of God, in its applicat ion to man, been deemed by all civilised communities that most elaborate legislat ion has boon thought necessary to aid tho individual, and ail the forces of Church and Slate have been put. in operation to.ensure the observance of tho Divine Ordinance,and that its applica tion may conduce to tho greatest progress of society. When wo speak of marriage in connec tion with man, it implies, if tho relation bo consummated in its ontirity, three things:— Fii’st, the agreement on the part of man and woman to live together in that in relationship which results in offspring; secondly, tho contract in which mutual obligations are undortakon, ; hnd documents signed of' which tho .State, through its its officials, is both witness and custodian as well as tho enfor'eor of the obligation; thirdly, the blessing of tho Church. Tho contract being of such a serious and of so far-reaching a nature (tbo one individual losing its individuality oven in tho life of tho other),, tho Church - accentuates the solemnity of tho contract by its presence, and while encouraging 1 tho contracting parties to fidelity by its blessing, as the voioft of God' ■ expresses tho Divine Will with regard tp the nature and scope of tho relationship. ! , Tho Church in its legislative enact ments and provisions for contracting this relationship, with its customary equity, righteousness and justice, has made tho scope of tho obligation!) equal to both tho man and tho woman. I may add, perhaps, X use tho word Church in its widest sense. In order to make myself perfectly clear I would point put first tho scopo and extent of tho contract,as indicated in tho cere mony of tho. Anglican communion, and kftorwurds point out any minor modifica tion to bo found iu other Christian organia ations. In the Anglican Marriage Service 'the essence of the contract is found in the following formula*:— “ AVilfc thou have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God s ordinance in this holy estate of matrimony? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor and keep her in sickness and in health; and forsaking all others keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live." The man replies, “I will ” Next in the cxpousal clauses we have ; take thee, N., to my wedded wile, to have and to hold from this day forward, for hotter for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health to love and to cherish till death us do part, ac cording to God ? s holy ordinance: and there to I plight thee my troth" The formuhe for the woman is identic ally the same as that for the mail, save with the addition of the obedience clause. 1‘inally, the contract is completed by the man giving the woman a ring, saying, “ With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow : in the name of the .Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." I may perhaps remind you that the word “ worship" is used in the old sense in which Wicliffc used it: and though (lie Puritans objected to the phrase in 100-1 and 1661, conceiving it to mean divine worship and adoration, it was on both occasions agreed that it might be “ wor ship and honor,” or “ with my body I thee honor." The old word has been retained, especially as it is still common in the word “ worshipful” for honorable, signify ing that the woman is to bo admitted to the honor and dignity of a lawful wife. The contract is one of absolute equity and justice, the man and the woman giving pledge for pledge all through, and though the woman gives a pledge of obedience, yet the man gives a pledge of endowment* to the extent of all his worldly goods. It is to be noted that the contract, is not simply to the extent of co-habitation, but em braces affection, sympathy, service, mutual and common life. It also pledges to equal fidelity the man as well as the woman, “ forsakes all others,” he also pledges to keep only to the wife, as she to the hus band. 8o far as I know this is the extent of tho contract in the Greek Church and the Church of Pome, so in the communions of Germany and Scotland, and likewise i what in England would bo designated the dissenting bodies. I use the word here 1 simply for convenience, not as indicating j any difference of ecclesiastical status. Con gregationalism, it may he urged, presents ' an exception. But by the very nature of | Congregationalism, it has to be spoken of by itself in any generalisations of this 1 nature. In Congregationalisms every I minister is practically a corporation sole, I He is a law to himself. In this body j there is, therefore, great divergence of i usuage. Some adopt a practice that is i cautious, and I think I may say wisely I conservative, and follow very closely the Anglican formula; others use what is known as Condors service, while the ox- ; tremc left, tho radicals of Congregational ism use the hare brief contract of the Statute Book. This practically makes the Church Catholic one in her estimate of the marri age relationship and the scope of tho obli gation resting: upon both man and woman. Now, gentlemen, it seems to me a little strange and, perhaps to some of you, not a little startling that the Statute* Book of the Realm is at variance with regard to thc-fuudamental principles underlying this relationship with the Church. Although the Church demands, equally with the woman, fidelity on the part of t he man. in marriage, the State docs not seem to re quire this fidelity. First, a civil marriage is merely a license for co-habitation apart from all other consideration or obligations. Secondly, in the divorce laws though adultery on tho part of tho woman is ground sufficient for divorce, simple adnlterv on tho part of tho man is not a ground sufficient for a woman Ioohlain her release. As a mere bald statement of those two facts may not be deemed sufficient I will state more fully my grounds for making them. First,a civil marriage is merely a license for co-habitation apart from all other ob ligations and consideration. The State does not recognise or permit sexual com merce outside marriage. Outside marriage such relationship is illegal and an infringe ment of fundamental principles of society. Fora woman to solicit is a misdemeanor or if not a crime. For a man to enter a brothel for purposes of gratification and to take by force what he has legal right to in marriage is a crime, even (hough he has paid the woman liberally for her prostitu tion. Tho law docs not recognise a womans right to sell her virtue, and anv man going with the most depraved of prost itutes is liable to a charge of indecent assault, and if the jury did not go outside the law and take into consideration tho circumstances, ho is also as liable for con viction and serious punishment as though she were the most virtuous woman t hat overlived. That, gentlemen, I am assured is the law. All that Parliament has done in its legislation for secular or civil marriages, is to give permission for a man to co-habit with a woman, without mak ing himself lialde to a charge for assault. In support of this, I would" ask your at tention to the wording of the contract in Schedule II., of the Marriage Act “I, John Smith, of Bendigo, bootmaker, do hereby declare in tho presence of A'."B., registrar of Bendigo, that. T t ake Mary Edwards, of Bendigo, spinster, to bo my lawful wife. And I, tho said Mary Edwards, do hereby declare that I take the said John .Smith to ho my lawful husband." Signatures | J’ Signature of Witness *— That constitutes a legal civil marriage. Possibly Parliament could do no more. But there is the fact Parliament, has taken marriage to tho level of (Bo animal, while tho Church desires to lift the marriage state to tho glorious condition of being a vestibule of heaven. I come to my second statement, namely, that (.hough in tho divorce laws, adultery on tho part'of tho woman is ground suffi cient for tho man to obtain a divorce, simple adultery on the part of the man is not a ground sufficient for a woman to obtain-her release. In support of this statement I do not know that I can do bettor than quote Clauses 75 and 76 of thoMarnago Act, Part VIII., 1890;— “ It shall bo lawful for any husband to present a petition to tho Supremo Court, praying that his marriage may bo dissolved on tho grounds that his wife has since the celebration thereof* boon guilty of adul tery." “ It shall ho lawful for any wife to pre sent a petition to tho Supremo Court, p.rayiug that'hor marriage maybe dissolved on tho ground that since the celebration thereof, her husband has boon guilty of incestuous adultery, or of bigamy with adultery, or of rape, or of sodomy, or of boastiality, or of adultery coupled with such cruelty as without adultery would have entitled, her to a divorce a mouse ot thoro, under the law horotoforo existing in England, or of adultery coupled with desertion without reasonable excuse for two years or upwards." Prom this it can bo clearly seen that simple adultery or adultery alone without judicial cruelty is not ground for a woman to obtain divorce. I must confess it is not without painful significance to mo that ( he only ground allowed for divorce by the Christ, so far as the man is concerned, is ignored or passed over by Parliament, while in the present legislation, especially in the Shiels Bill, grounds of divorce arc deemed sufficient, which arc entirely out side of what is given as the only ground of divorce by the Son of God. Unsavory as this subject is, I offer no apology, gentlemen, for obtruding it on you ; its importance and far-reaching in fluence of (he marriage relationship; the dependence of society upon its mainten ance in its integrity ; the fact that it is an ordinance of “Go 1 and therefore to he treated reverently ; the fact that the ele vation of society depends entirely upon the success of the marriage ; the fact that men arc represented in Parliament, and that woman is without this suffrage ; all should urge us to feel that we arc in honor bound to give a sub ject of such moment and importance our best attention, and 1 think you will agree with mo that the contract, though fair, equitable and just, as defined by the Church, is scarcely as fair, equitable and just as drawn by the State. 