' JDL/t»I-OJ-AlUnlIN'tf, Dublin graveyards are us ariy nil out? Ha the walls— that is. supposing the walls to exist wLich oncu made Dublin a fortified town. There are a surprising number of them when when one thinks of it, and the more surprising that th-y aro not churchwards, but simply places it sepulture, though occasionally a mined gable thrusting itself above tbe grey headstones proves that ouce the graves were cltiftteicd about a church. There is qnitu a ring of those almost forgUtttn graveyards mil rounding Dublin at every point — gruesome plac es until Nature has quite rcr'ovt red .them, and, as in the case of Bully's Acre, tbe most, famous of them, 1 idden.Mll except .the shoulders of tie gravestone.*, under the long iv..ving grey-, greeu ^rass. as luxuriant as the coarse grass of Americrn prairies. But this dees not take place until man has consented to give back the grave yard to Nituie ;. and this is what he is loth to do in liu'and. He clinys lo his own right, and l.is chiliiieu's. to be buiied with bis father's as strt uuuusly us he clings tii his pr.tch of land while, he livi s Why, the attempts of the Ruyal Hospital autl .oritirs to close, or even to enclose, Bully's Acre, caused the mo.-t violent riols in Dublin. Oreo tin; Liberty Bi-ys marched out to attack tl.e lu-yal Hi spitsl, and were met with closing of l ho gatis and hasty arming of the veterans who had fought at Miudeu, Detti gi-i', ami the Heights of Abraham The mob wis repuls. d with tome slaughtt r by the old s- Idiers, but the attempt to enclose this historic graveyard wps given up. The place wss finally closed as a I urial-yrouud after the chclera of 1832 had congested it past its utmost limits. Tliey Iniruri live hundred there in ten days. Tiio same year saw the burial there of Dan Donnelly, the famous pugilist, who had in in ternational comoat beaten the Englishman, Ooopcr, in that ii dentation of the Curragh of Kildare known since as Donnelly's Hollow. Nothing would please hi? adoring countrymen but to bury I heir champion in what is known as ' Brian Boru's crave.' And there under tne ancient CrosR of St. Margueud the prize fighter's dust mingles with the Royal dust of the victor of Clont»rf. Old people in Ireland will tell you still of Donnelly's triumphant entry into Dublin after the prize-tight. He was carried on men's shoulders in the midst of a roaring sea of men, while bis old mother walked at tbe head of the proefssiou, ciying with exultcnt pride as Bhe beat her bosom, ' There's the breast that sucked him ! There's the b'east that sucked him !'? A couple of miles or so from Bully's Acre, on the high road leading to Kildare, is Blue Bell graveyard, which used to be the scene of many body-snatching exploits. It, too, is closed as a place of burial, though, still, burials take place there by stealth. It is hidden by a high wall, with a big gate »t one end, and a lonely lane leads to it from the road. Such places, in their loneliness and isolation.were the body-snatchers opportui ity. I know one who when his locks were linl-white was an innocent accomplice in the body-matching. I give the recital in bis own words : — ' There was a man named Jemmy Byrne, iD my grandfather's employ, used to drive a milk eart to Dublin by the Naas-road every morning, I was a rosy-cheeked little ch»p at the time, not above eight years of age. One morning I was in tbe cart with Jemmy, and it was the grey of the morning. When we came nigh Blue Bell, Jemmy pulled up in the shadow of the wall aud gave a low whistle. There was another whistle out of the daik, and then two fine, able-bodied young fellows lifted a sack into tbe cart. The minute we had it Jemmy drove off like blazes. * Sit down on the sack,' s»id Jemmy to me, 'an' mike yourself comfortable, an' if we're stopped just keep your seat and look quiet an' aisy, an' I'll buy you a fine lump of gingerbread.' We wertn't stopped that morning : I've no doubt Jemmy couldn't have had a better disguise than my innocent face, 'l'was long afterwards, when I was nearly a man grown that I knew what we picked up in the sack and dropped at Steeven's Hospital. They used to give Jemmy oneand six cr two shillings for fetching in the body among tbe milk-cans. Jemmy was the devil for roguery of all sorts ; but I wouldn't have taken the risk, rot I.' The risk was no light thing. The relatives of the dead used to watch tbe graves, and woe to the body-snatcher who was caught red-handed ! Young Dr Abraham Colles, of Merriou-square, . was either shot dead in a body-snatching melee, or died i f tbe wounds. It was at Saggard churchyard, further into tbe country than Blurt Bell, and in a wild mountainous district. He »nd some others were lifting the body of a girl ' wuo nmi uic-a or consumption wuen tney Wrre surprised by the watchers. The man who fired that fatal shot was a near relative of tbe dead gill. No one betrayed him, though evory one knew ; I suppose they thought it was a just retribution. The mau died the other day at & ripe age. I had seen him many a time, ruddy choekeii, bluc-eytd, his red beard beginning to grizzle. To judge by his looks, Dr. Colles's death had not li in heavily on his heart or conscience. Sir Dominic Corrigau used to tell us how he took pail iu budy- sn;-tching expeditious, aud of how he. had to run for bis life from Bully's Acre, with an infuriated crowd at bis heels. A friend of mine became very innocently iuvolved in as disagreeable an ariienture. He is an enthu siastic ai.tiquirian, and being on a visit with a trie ml, a country doctor, he suggested one even ing that they might see tbe old abbey by moon light. Thi: abbey is on a headland jutting into the bay. They reached the place before the mocn was up, nirl having left the town bi hind, found the country enveloped in the pitchy blackness before moon-rising. Thny had taken the precaution to bring a lantern, however, anil this they proceeded to light when they had turned into the long, lonely lane, which is so truly a road of sorrow. Arrived at the abbey, they amused themselves while waiting for rEoon-risir-g. by deciphering with the aid of the lantern the inscriptions on tho old tombs. A wet fog was blowing in from the sea by this time, and they began to consider the advisability of getting back to their warm fire side. Suddenly there was- a faint rustling movemi nt through the long grass about the graves. ' Ghosts !' said my friend. ' Worse,' said tbe other man in a fierce whisper. ?? The watchers ! Out with the lantern, and make a dash for your life !' The lantern was blown out and flung down with a clatter on a hidden grave itone. That minute there seemed to be a rush from every side. ' God grant now the moon doem't rise !' prayed the unhappy antiquarian. He eluded half-a-dozen grips as he made his dash for life. At every step he fell over old headstones, or stumbled upon graves. All around him be heard men parsing below their breaths as they too groped and felt in tho blackness. He was some time before he found an exit from the graveyard, for though the moon rose the fog was a thick white vapour. Once his presence of mind saved him. He was suddenly caught and held in the mist. ' Damn it, man,' he said in a husky whisper, ' don't throttle a friend !' The hand relaxed from his throat, and a few minutes later he was pelting across fields as hard as he could go in the direc tion of the town. His friend had reached home before him, and was considering whether friend ship obliged him to call in the police. ' I knew if they had yon it was murder,' he said, ' but on the other hand, if they knew it was I was in your company, my bouse would be wrecRed and ? — myself driven out in the world. '' Oh, the devil take you and your antiquities !' 'Easy,' said the other, ' 'twas yourself should have known the folly of the thing. And surely you could have cleared vourself to vour own townsmen !' ' Tbe waters of the ocean wouldn't wash me I'' said the doctor, '* and anyhow, they'd give me no trial. 'Twould be a case of hanging first and trying mo afterwards. But all's well that ends well. There'll be a hullabaloo about the body snatching, but they'll put it down to tho lads from C ? Medical School. One devilment more or less to the acrount of those luckos won't matter.'—' Pall Mall Gazette.' 