Queea Elizabeth’s Ghost. A very remarkable story is published in" the “Daily Mail,” to the effect that Lieutenant A. St. Leger Glyn, 3rd Bat talion Grenadier Guards, has seen Queen; Elizabeth’s ghost in the library at Wind sor Castle. The following statement was made by, the Lieutenant’s mother, the hon. Mrs Carr Glyn, to the “Mail” investigator:— “It is perfectly true that my son has wit nessed something abnormal. He was,he tells me, sitting in the library of Wind sor Castle, reading a book—The History, of Dorsetshire, to be exact. As he read,, he became aware of someone passing ini the inner library. He looked up and saw a female figure in black, with black lacs on the head, falling to the shoulders., The figure passed across the library to wards a corner which was out of vieW_ atj my son sat, and he did not take much! notice, thinking it was somebody elsa reading in the inner room. This was just upon four in the afternoon, and ani attendant soon afterwards came up tof close the place. My son asked who the lady was at work in the inner room, and' the attendant replied that no one elsa was in the library. My son assured the attendant that a lady had just before walked across the inner room. 'Then! where could she be?’ asked the attendant,, having ascertained that nobody was ini the inner room. ‘She must have gone, out of a door in the corner,’ said my son, indicating a corner to which the figure had passed. ‘But there is no door,’ saidi the attendant. My son said no thing about this incident, and did not think much about it, I understand, until Mr Holmes, the librarian, asked him about it, the atten dant having mentioned the matter to Mr. Holmes. Asked by Mr Holmes to describe the figure he had seen, my son did so, and Mr Holmes replied that my son had! seen the apparition of Queen Elizabeth, Mr Holmes added there were records that this apparition haunted these rooms, but Lieutenant Glyn was the first man in our. time who had seen it. The Dean of Windsor also asked my son about it, and) several members of the RoyalFamilv have interviewed him on the subject. As for Mr Holmes, I am given to understand that he has spent nights and days in the library since, in the hopes of being, vouchsafed a visitation.” The hon. Sydney Carr Glyn, the fam ous Crimean veteran, and the father of Lieutenanat Glyn, said:—“If my son says he has seen anything you may take if: from us that he has seen it. He is aI fresh, honest English boy. and he ■wouldn’t exaggerate anything a hair’s breadth.” Both the hon. and Mrs Carr Glyn! gave pel-mission for the publication of this statement by their son. subject to the sanction of Lieutenant Glyn. On! Sunday night a telegram was despatched to Lieutenant Glyn, soliciting leave to give the story oh his authority, and oni Monday morning came the answer: “Cer tainly, if you like.—Glyn, Grenadiers, Is lay.” The representatives of the “Daily; Mall” next saw Mr R. R. Holmes, P.S.A., the librarian of the Castle, and writes:— Mr Holmes conducted me to the scene of the alleged apparition He says that this gallery has had the reputation of being, haunted by the ghost of Queen Elizabeth: from time out of memory. His recollec tion of the story dates from twenty seven years ago. and he has been in thd habit of spending Hallowe’en in the gal lery for several years in the hope of en countering her deceased Majesty. He had heard some rumors to the effect that' the Empress Frederick had. when al child, seen an apparition in the gallery, and on her visiting Windsor next weekd hopes to secure some corroboration or, denial of the rumor._ To the ordinary citizen whose income, earned by patient perspiration, is just within the tentacles of the Income Tax octopus, the return of gold from the Charters Tower* mine from the end of 1S7T to that of 1S9G reads like a dreami of the golden Spanish Main, a vision of ingots. The total in ounces is set as 3,53G,G31. and the money return calcu lated at L3 10s per ounce, as L12,377,85S 10s. The very idea of such a sum is euough to make a' man say, with more than Mantalini recklessness, the “teni ■ bob be demned,” and the comparative ly paltry LSoS may be lightly regarded: from the stupendous standpoint of the twelve millions. The individually per sonified owner of such a sum might: send in his schedule with a smile, and ask the Commissioner to dinner intet the bargain. 