THE NOVE LI ST. THE SQUATTER'S; DAUGHTER. -44*--, .By Harold At. tackcent-e. - [corYRIGIIT RnESEVED.] CIrPTE TV.-COflcsica . As he mounted the box-seat one bright spring morning, drawing on his dog-skins, and took the reins from the groom, the lenders dashed off with a merry "who-o. o-ph" from Eric,and much'barking from the two collie dogs which accompanied the trap. IBeside him nat a small black boy, born and bred at " Knratoomab," taken' for the purpose of opening gates and making biniself generally useful. STipoo, Such was his name, lind some-" what of a grotesque appearanc; as clad in a claret-colored coat with immniiieoo silver buttons, and high hat, he sat stolid: as the sphinx beside his master. 'The road lay throlugi some of the pret tiest colltry to be found in the neighbor hood. For miles a lagoon calm and clear as mirrer, fringed tothe water's edgewith thick -:egetatin, where wild-duck and. water-fowvl- remiained 'undisturb6d, bor dered onet side of .it; on the. other., stretched away for miles tlle now luxiiri ant paddocksi of Karatonoiah, encircled by thick helts of eucalypti. Beyond this again and soma fifteen miles lay Timboora, a place the render has previously made acquaintance with. Never was Eric in such good spirits as on this brightband health-giving morning, he restrained .a too willing leader or touched up a sluggish poler, which were taking him to Timboors, for the purpose of joitinng in some festivities provided by the manager. Since Muriel's departure many months ago, he had never set foot in the house. Duncan Grey had thien appointed the present locins tenens, a jovial open hearted bachelor of some forty years of age to act as manager. -As ho-tuned Ahis -team- into-the last - paddock which separated him from the home-station, the house wherein he had passed so many pleasant hours burst into view. Never did it look better. The garden, one mass of flowering plants, casting far and wide its rich scents, the tennis-court was a perfect sward of vel. vet, on which a set of players were con testing for victory, aid above all'came the aughter of girlish voices, which Eric oved to hear. As the panting team halted in front of Ihe house and Ronald Gregory issued 'nrth to bid him welcome, Eric felt, de spite his former gaiety, a slight misgiving if the heart. He saw before him the garden wherein he had pledged his love, :hn house now tenanted with gay and :heerful voices, but amonest them none like Muriel's, so low and musical in sound. " Glad to see you, Rymanscourt," said the cheery voice of Ronald; "come in and have a ' nip' after your drive," with which refreshing greetiing the' two sauntered into the dining-room to partake of spirits and water, during the con sumption of which they talked of many. things ; what number of bales there was likely tobo at the end of sihearing, tie. prospect of the welcome rains continuing, and all those questions which are so dear to the squatter's heart. Then they came to questions of a social :hairactr. ". " And so, my boy, you kept it dark as long as you could," said Rouald, cheer* fully poking Eric in the ribs, " but bless you, we knew all aboutit long before you told us." Their conversation was here interrupted by the presence'of two young ladies ane: their cavaliers, who had just completed t; set at tennis and were now discussing thi rights of victory. Eric,. rising, was introduced by Mr. Gregory to Miss Elwood and Miss Sea. combe, who, under the care of the former's mother, were now' staying at: Timboora. As the company sat down to dinner that evening, comprising s?nie thirty guests in number, drawn.together from all parts of the district Eric's alloted partner dur ing the repast was the latter of these two young persons. Mary Seacombe, as she sat under the shade of the rose-colored lamhp, lending her complexion quite a beautiful tint, but which, when seen under the full glare of daylight, was not quite so faultless, plied Eric with all manner of questions as toý his movements. She was known to people in general as the husband-hunter, end scarcely could a mure applicable name have been given to her. Her age was somewhere between tweity and twenty-five, but this, she kept a profound secret, and to give her her due, thanks'to the aid of pearl powder and bloom of roses, she did not look much more than eighteen. She delighted in eccentric costumes which she believed exercised a captivating influence over the masculine mind, and was known on oc casions after a day with the hounds to have drunk soda and brandy and sarnked cigarettes. She flattered herself that at billiards, or turning a team of four horses in their own length, she was as good, if not better, than the average mrtn. Uer conversation was generally of the raciest order which allured one kind of man and repelled another. It may be said, however, that in excuse for soni of Miss Seacombe's idiosyncrasies that they were d'io more to ignorance ,than from a sense of impropriety. LIer mother had died at an early age, leaving her in the care of a father who in the exercise of paternal advice was vtry remiss, allowing her to hase quite her own way, so long as he waits no interfered with. lie was dotingly fond of his daughlter, and on this account was very blind to those faults which to the casua" observer were so clearly palpable. * "I've a tip-top fencer now, Mr.. Rymanscourt," she began, as sipping her champagne she turned her lustrous eyes on Erie, "and am thinuking of entering hinm for the ' Squatters' Cupl' next year. "Itndeed. Miss Seacombih--aid iwhero did you pick himii up, atnd may I ask where you intend training him ?" "Alh, ha I now Mr. Rlymtanscourt, that woulid indeed be telling eaccrets"-which remark, with a roguish twinkle in lier eyes which she knew so well how to assume, quite amused Eric. "You'll see him all in good time, and I'll lake long odds itn fivera trat ho gets a place in any case." Miss Seacombo ihero pecked at the meringue which she had on her p.te, more to patss thottimaothant bho cause shle really lelt any inclination for eating. "So let it be," replied Eric, " nothing would please :n:e mnore than-to.. seyour horse w'in." \- The dinner having drawn to a close, the ladies sought the drawing-room. Ronald Gregory was a man who knew Ihow to entertain well. Being, as we ihave said, a bachelor of the gay order, he delighted to surround himself with such young folk as he had now asked to Tim boors. " Help yourself to the claret and pass :it along," he exclaimed every now and Jiheato a member ofste opmfS~r who. amight have allowed his glass to remain enipty too long.,. Eric, now that the running fire of con. versation which his late companion so earnestly kept up lhad subsidedl; leaned back lazily in that self-contented state whichcomestoaperfectlyhealthy man after dining. Opposite him sat a son of one of the, wealthiest' men in Iliverinna, a' young fellow whom it was supposed that'any girl might .hare accepted.had she had the chance. Born in Victoria, he had been sent to England to pass a few years at anmbiridge and on the continent, and had returned what might be termed a polished young nln. Bla name was Dalrymple, and nt.one time it was thought that his attention: to Muriel" Grey were not to praoe fruitless. The public, however, were, ,wrong, for, Muriel, although appreciating his many' courtesies, could never bring herself to care for him any more than as a frienid. As Dalrymple'uip to the present time had,?,iot' had a' chance of speaking to Eric, he wished, despite the fact that the latter had what is generally termed " ut him out," to show that as far as he was concerned, 'not the slightest feeling of ill will existed. Dalryniplo's manly nature and good. training had taught him to despise all: sucho:mean isentiments as jealousy, in. viewing the position of his more fortunate rival,, though not long 'since he would have cut off' his right hand had Muriel bid him do so. All was over how, however, and there. was no use in regretting what might have been. Tossing his cigar-case over to Eric he offered him one anmid proposed a .stroll outside; the two then wandered on to the tennis ground. The heat of the day had given place to a calm, cool and starlight night, as they: took their seat away from the sound of mirtlhful voices which issued from the: open casements. Dalrymple's first words to Eric, as he puffed the rice-paper and tobacco, came: naturally and without any tbne of insin' cerity in them. "My heartiest con gratulatiohn and good wishes, Rymans court,-an?"bTlive me, that although I would have given all I possessed to be in your place, I know that you have won the love and respect of Miss Grey, where I have failed. Though rivals we may have been,' I trust that'" whatever little differences we may have had will be sunk in the past. Your hand, llymansecurt. sn a prooi.that I mean it." The words uttered with such genuine feeling touched Eric, and as he proffered his honesthandin response to Dalrymple?s, the latter's character rose an hundred fold in his estimation. After this the two welded together in somethiig more than a mere acquair.tanc. ship, had' many things in common, and for a quarter of an hour gave rein to thoughts of a varied character. When they entered the house and. sought 'the drawing-room where tlu -ompany were assembled listening more out of courtesy than in admiration to the metallic tones of Miss Seacombe's voice struggling through ".Non rer," each took a seat quietly, thinking to himself that whatever else Miss Seacombe might do, singing was not her strong point. Later on, nowever, when she was asked to take a cue at pool, she proved herseilf to have a renmarkably traight' eye as taking their. "lives" as well as their shillings, for what woman is not a gambler at heart, she weon t~he .admiration of all prcsent. As the men sought the smoking-room to have a final wdiff before retiring to rest, Miss :Seacombe's. prowesaa as billiard player had become renowned. "Yes, and Egad," said a' rubicund faced old bachelor,' "what a figure, and what arms--if I were twenty years younger-" The remainder of this eulogy on the somewhat questionable beauty of Miss Seacombe was mtet with peals of laughter front the rest of the company who flattered the speaker by telling him that his chance was as good as ever. When Eric laid his head on the pillow that night, the thoughts of the next day's doings kept him awake for a time. Eric had entered hinimelf,and his horse for the " Squatters' Cup," a race of three miles over some of the stiffest fences that the heart of any sportsman could wish for. His final orders to Tipoo wore to call hint at seven in the morning, from ,which tinme there remained but scarce six hours. *With all the coming excitement of the morrow Eric was soon wrapped in sleep, dreaming of great yawning crerasses over which he r-d his trusty hunter wore flying with the utmost unconcern. CHAPTER V. TIIE SQUATTERS' CUP. The day of the Finbuorne race meeting was ushered in with all the appearance of wet weather, but after a slight shower or two which was just enough to lay the dust, the sun which had been hiding beo hind a thick bank of clouds issued forth, making a11l bright again. Everyone was up hetimes; some were to ride to the course and others drive. Amongst those who rode were young D.alrymple and Miss Seacombo, the latter attired in a dark greet: habit, than which, per haps, nothing could have suited her better. Eric, of course, was to drive his team, sad great was the anguish amongst the remaining ladies when they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on to the box. scat These little attentions, which, perhaps. may seem nothing, are not thought lightly of acmongst single girls who fancy them' elvesro shlghted when perhaps, as often happens, a married ?volnan usurps what tihSy regard as their right. In this case, however, Eric did not wish to give of fence. He felt himiself privileged, being an engaged man, to choose whon.'over hIo pleased, and with that in view chose the best looking to ornament the front scat of his drag. It could not be deiled either that Mrs. Ferdlrc was very sweet to loo.-_ipon._ bloe had when analysed no very great rc deeming features in her face, yet withal, t hero wrsa anindescribablebeautyof expres sion which lent a charm to her eyes, and a mouth just a thought too large, per hapes. The recent showers had drawn a sweet smelling fragrancce from the pine and eucalypti trees which lined the track that led to the course over which the drag and four bowled. Rabbits, these pests of the squatter, s:uddted across the road in hluncidreds, as ihe noise of approaching hIoofs startled them from their ambush. Cockatoos, magpies, and the irrepressible jackass with its moekieg laugh greeted the party from the neighboring clumps of wattle and gum. The morning was just such a one as makes the heart of man rejoice, and now that the little Fordyce episode had been forgotten, the party under Eric's charge was laughing and talking merrily. "I must really lay claim to much honor in being favored with this seat when Ho masy girls are preseqt," ex lasimed Mr., ?0?gq? in he mk-t w?. * qrnhnr wits "Yon must not' forgot, however," answeord Eric, "that you are the right person in the right place. aee?iig hat yui are acting the part of cha' perono." At this speech an amused little smile played round the corners of her muonll, knowing that if that term could he ap. pled to her in theory, practically her chaporonage was a farce. "Talking of chaperons, Mr. Rymans. court," she continued, "(1o you believe hde company would behave theinselves aty the less were I notpresent. Is it not in these days, when girls are allowed so much independence, just a trille absurd? We have not the eyes of Argus to watch them everywhere." " Well, really now, you come to put it in that way," toucling up the near side Ieldor, "it does strike me as being sich,: tore especially when the chapeonoe in question receives as much, if not more attention, than those under her charge." At this remark the large black sunshade of Mrs. Fordyce was geotly lIwered in order to conceal from Eric the mischievous smile on her face. "Very neatly put, Mr. lrvmanes court, it wouldn't, do to say that such a speech coming from an engaged man is. out of place. You are apliv lelged being, and exercise that right to perfection; were you otherwise I should order you to turn the horses' heads." Eric knew just how much of this last, apparently withering retort, to believe. Hers was the kind of disposition that lie fancied lie could fathomn so easily. To: put her out of temper was impossible, so whatever else people might have said about the pretty Mrs. Fordyce, this at least, could not be laid to her charge. Her husband who was seated at the back of the vehicle, poring over a race card, was in her eyes of as little import ance as the leaves which strewed the track ahead of themt. She had made a bad marriage. and more sensiblo than most of her sex; was aware of it. But never did site by a ghost of a chance ap. pear so before the world as anything but the havoict of tmorials.. She looked upon all Odsplay of temper, wren her hus band did something to exasperate her, as the Worst of form, only suitable as she ,would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of all' descriptions were her positive aversion, and site avoided tham. She was without children, and rather congratulated Il rself upon the fact, be lieving as she did that if there had been any they would moast certainly have takeen after their father. Whatever faults Mlr.. Fordyce now possessed were due to the result of this unhappy alliance. H[er marriage, like mantty another, had startid under the most favorable auspices, only to grow as time wore on, utterly Intoler able. That trust which she had so iiu-' plicitly placed in her husiband had been ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud nature revolted at the treatttment she h:ad received from lier par;wier, and unabl'a to show proof of his basement, was content to suffer in silence. " What about your chance of winning to-day, Mr. Ryansnacourtl'" site ,xclaiued, as scarcely more than two or three tndle separated them from the course. "Ah, that is more than I can say, but if training can do anSthing and Teair away" doesn't show temper at ithe post I'll be 'bound to say we'll uiake a good race of it." "' Why are ali these exciting pleasures reserved for men," continued MreB.: Fur dyce, "w:hilst we pour uidrtisitchint e for something of the kind can only look on. It makes me far more nervo,us to watch a steeplechase than if I really rod= in it.".. " Come, now, Mrs. Fordyce; plucky as you are, no one would care to see you risking your life in that fashion. Imagine your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off atru.gling hoofs. It snakes one shudder to think of it." Mrs.'Fordyce had never regarded the situation from this point of view. "VWell. I call assure you there will be no pleasure for tme to-day until the Cip, is over. My heart will be in miy mouth at every jump your horse comles to." This last was said with almost a pathetic tone in her voice, to which Eric, not onl flattered by the remark, repl.icd: "Ntonsense, it will be the most glorious fun out, and reluetmtber from your ilands aud no other wifi take the ribbonu of honor if my horse wins." Mrs. Fordyce would have wished for nothing better than to have been able to crown Eric IRytanscourt with vice tory's reward. In many ways and by casual little speeches let drop, shie had shown her cards to this astute young man, who now rattled on to the course in the midst of a varied assorttment of people who had flocked to the Finbourne meeting. In front of what was generally known as the " Grand-stnd " tile " Karatoo nah drag and its living freight came to a halt. Had the day been imade to order, none better could have been provided. The course was alive with life. Bookmakers, loud-tongued, and ar rayed in garments of wonderful and fear fill make, shouted the odds in one's ears. 3rotesque negro minstrels wandered about from carriage to carriage, going through tile usual buffoonery. .h\ut Sallies, three-card trick imen, thimble riggers, and the thousand anid one honest and dishonest distractions of a race course were here in abuldance. Within the saddling paddock, where Eric, accompannued by Ronald Gregory alid others of the party were, walked ith horses, swathed fromn head to foot iln warm rugs. Jockeys and train rs stood about in knots here and there, deep in consultatioin as to the li!kelilloodl of the patient training bestowed oli their re sluetive horses at loegth resulting in: ueccess. Around a dark iron- grey hunter, clad roetn head to foot in a thick navy blue ug with the initials " EI.R." worked in the corners, stood Eric, Dalrymple aid ethers. i Strip him," said the former to the -table-bo-y, - vhose- arnm--weruru--i ai: pulled out of their sockets from tihe con stant habit which Tearaway had of lhrowing his head up. Presently was revealed to their gaze the satin-like coat of thle grey, whose veits, standing out like thick cords, and hld eyes, clear as crystal, denoted this picture of icquino grace and strength to he in the pink of condition. " What do you think of him " cou quired Eric of Ronald. "Couldn't be better," reimarked the latter, whose judgment inmattersJaf horsoe-flesh was much respected. " How about that off fore-leg, looks to no a trifle puflty. Has hle had bandlages on 1" esnquired theo manager-olTimboor, walking up to examine the limb hiie closely. "You've a sharp eye indeed, Mr. Gregory," answered Eric. " That is the only queer-looking point about him; here is nothing really wrong, however. 've hunted hlim twice a fortnight regu arly with the Melbourne hounds without his showing the slightest sign of weak ne?s," - 