CHARLEY’S FIDDLE. K Story of the American Fratricidal PY r.ODKHT C. MSYEil3i IT ia small matter (o what aiir.y, North or South, thi? drunuuer-b ov belongod. Young ho woe, his fair akin tanr.eil by the grim old sun, his blue eyes shining out, liko very forget-me-nots, in tho dull, dark surrounding*. They said ot him in camp that ho was a hoy, and eiuoly they treated him, in their rough way, like a child. Sun f burnt men called him ' V1 Charley talked with him; ; i poke of scenes far away, i/ where these whom these sun burnt men loved more then tiau m tut: wumuivcu ; uuu u>:mney listenod to thorn, and heard what was never told to older, lees unsophisticated com panions, for somehow his young faco and light, cheerful laugh appealed to these men, and made them coniine in him. There was even a rumor that Sandy Green, the tall, awkward widower from the frontier, had told Charley about Ilia own young days, and made the boy's blue eyes brim over at some little touoh of sentiment. You may, perhaps, say that there iB no time, no place for sentiment among big, brawny men prepared for and experienced in war. It is not bo. Around camp fires, in dim places at night, when the tramp, tramp, tramp of the sentry seems ghostly, and dreary, and full of dire warning, there are tale3 of love, and Borrow, and loss, and hope remem bered and told to listening ears that hear those faintest whispers as greedily as they do the awful, death- delivering sound of can non, or swift whistle of the rifle-ba!!. Thus was Charley, the drummer-boy, a cyoloptedia of the gentler thoughts of tko soldiers about him. Often in the dusk of evening, when the men wore loitering about the camp, and the kindly Blare were peeping faintly out above the white tents, there would come a littlo, wailing sound on the breeze, and the listc-nera would stop in their game of cards, or their wild talk, smile, maybe, a little, and Eay, “That’s Charley’s fiddle!” And u;d anyone take the trouble to look for the boy, ha might bo seen perched up on a ledge of rock, or sitting flat on the ground, his chin pressed down, and his bow in his hand, scraping dolefully out of his shabby violin ail the oid, old tunes he remembered, and some oi the newer ones made for the war, and even some silly, love lorn ditty, which iisd come by a devious way and a fear ful mischance into camp. So, here among the purple Bhadows, when the fire on tho outposts shimmered, and there was a strange quiet around, wliilo the crickets chirped, , Charley would play the tunes of peace and j happiness, the same as miles away they \- wsre being played and sung by laughing, careless people in tho crowned cities, filled with tho rumors oi war, not understood, but . appreciated. Hat Charley had never been in an engage ment S3 yet, and the men Baid, “ Don't be so anxious, boy ; it'll all come soon enough !" And it did come soon enough for him. Charley wrote to his aunt that camp-life waa just the thing for him, only it was so monotonous. He also told the boys that this aunt was the ouly relative he had in tho world, and that she was a queer old woman, strung oi will and temper, and that she was “mottal augry with him "for going away from her—for, somehow or other, he guessed , she “ sort o' liked him." That was all he told them, and they got quite a joke up about “ Aunt Teddy,” and often spoke of her to Charley, and told him, when they saw him busy writing, to be eure and send much of their love to her. “ You don’t know her," said Charley, “ or you wouldn’t make so light of it. Why, she uould take any of you single-handed, r.nd you’d never know what hurt you.” And so he wrote oltea and often to her. But Charley’s fiddle I Well, it seemed part of him. He loved it 1 lie loved the miserable little tunc-8 he could play cn it; he loved to sit down anywhere, and at any time, and strike tip one of those little tunes, and play, and play, and play, till it was a wonder how much endurance catgut has, not to mention human fingers and patience. He would pat i is fiddle almost as though it were a liti iw child, and his blue eyes would flashes hi- iiand swept over tho strings. And the tin.-- went on ; and in tho intervals of Charley's drum- taps his fiddle took it up. The day came when there were prepara tions for a battle going on ; tho enemy was surrounding them ; and Charley was glad, but quiet. There was lacs time for fun in camp now, and picket duty was not eentimenlal any more—except that is w-.is tragic. Two mea had been picked off by scouts, and the grim faces of tho boys looked death when they Yet one pleasant, cool n'gkt, while the long, white atreetd of the camp glistened in the moonlight, and it was not yet lime ior the men to turn in, Charley was ecc-ii hy Sandy Green busily writing a letter cn hie drura-hoad. “For aunt Tod, Ch ar 1 o y 1” aa lie d Sandy Green. And the boy nodded, and laughed. Then the old man stood there watching him tor a long time. { Ha saw the pleasant,/ brown tr.eo with tbe\; blue eyes bent over ' tho writing—and he was a rougn, a very rough man, mind you I —a loll, ungainly, red-haired backwoods man, older than middle life, too ; and one to whom trouble was no account, heoause it muEt be surmounted. And yet ho stood here, in the early moonlight, watching the drum mer-boy writing a letter to an old woman. Charley looked up when he had finished. “Ho, Sandyl you there yei!''said he. Then he folded the letter, nnd directed it. "Sandy, I'll give it to you to see posted for me. \\\'ill you do it ? You’ve got more obor.ces than I have.” So Sandy took the letter, and eaid, os ha turned to Charley : “ Do you know, boy, that wo expect a scrimmage to morrow ? ’ Yes, Charley knew it, and he wno glad. Ho got Sandy Green to tc-ii him r.ll over again about the bailies that had been fougbt before ; he listened, and was bright and obiipy over the stories ; and the older man warmed with his subjict, watched the light in the hoy’s eyes, and ended by patting him on the back. "You’ll do, Charley 1" he said. “And now give ua a tune, for- who knows—well, give us a tune 1” So Charley brought his fiddle, and sat down on the side of his drum ; and Sandy laid bis sprawling length on the ground, his head on his hand. Then a tune, light and gay, went forth from the little fiddle 1 And the tune went on and on, till the stars blinked, and grew brighter; and all at once Sandy said: " Say, Charley 1 give ua the song you played last night.” There was a slight pause, and then quietly, plaintively on the pleasant air came tee whole timo of “Home, Sweet Home," softly and slowly played, filling the air around, and touching with kind fiugera the henita of the listeners. The boy a bead dropped over bis fiddle aa ho sat there balanosd on the drum, and Sandy Green’s hmd was pressed hard into hia head. And the tune went on and on, and the stars sparkled, the crickets chirped peacefully, when, all at once, a bugle sounded, a con fused noise was borne to them, Sandy was on his feet, Charley's drom was in his hand— and the enemy was on them 1 Who. can tell of the dreary surprise, of the fterrible fight of that night, carried far into the beautiful morning when innooent daisies \- were red end horrible to look at, and the . 9* WJiyjJg&iaed; tB$ «««ohed cytneBQwaerr Who can tell oi ton win, | emirnix <1 faces, turned slightly up to the ol:y; : the «3ad hands clutching the grass ; tba 1 soiled and torn clothing pierced with n little i new hole, whence life and fluttered out? i Long into the day it lasted ; and there were | no more birds’ songs heard. Tho white streets of the camp were gone, and a confused mass of men, some wounded, cud ail bitter, were here instead. And the fight bnd c-nded, the enemy had disappeared, and these men were—victorious ! ‘ Throughout the tirht they ail remembered to have heard tho drum. They remembered seeing young Charley bailees, his lithe, boyish form in the thickest o! the light; for there had been small order—it could not bo otherwise. And tome of them said he had been seen with a musket in his hand, loading and bring, brave and soldierly. llut now there was a silence ; these wers nut hi3 drum-taps. And somebody else sounded the roll as these men stood up to answer to their names. Thera vrero many papa in the roll— many men who would answer to but ono ralt- call more—the mighty Kail o£ the LasS. And when Charley's name was called there was no response ; and many eves turned to othe r eyes in mutoirrpriry. So ou tho roll went; and at brat S may Green's name wa3 called—no answer. Again it was called, and then—then Handy Green’s voice answered from far away, and they saw him coming and limping up the hill, Charley on his Ehouldere, white and wild. The men cheered —yes, they did—they cheered I And Sandy Etood in the midst of them, Ilia leg wounded by a ball, and told how he had been found by Charley when a bayonet was going to make an end of him, but that Charity had used bis bayonet to dreadful purpoee, and Sandy had | been saved. Bur, throngs to say, the boy had not seemed to recoguiEO him. Sandy ! ad taken him on his shoulders, for the boy had grown j faint and white, had called Ilia name ; but a 1 | blank lock vena all the reply he hud received. ; j Charley's mind had stepped. There ho wua, looking as the men, a smile on hie face, but ; an unmeaning light in his blue eyes. ; They looked at him, they shook him by j the hand ; but he said nothing—he reoognioed no one. Tho surgeon came, and shook his head. “ Fright!" he said. *3ut Sandy Green cried: “It’s a lie, begging your pardon I Tho j boy wasn’t frightened.1' I For all that, it made email difference to Clmrloy. Day by day, as this portion cf tho army mado entrenchments where they were, and prepared for winter quarters, (or this point must be guarded, Charley loitered about tho hospital, not sick, not ailing, but with his mind clouded. One of tho boys had hunted (or his fiddle, but only tho frag ments and tho strings wero left, and thoso Sandy Green had taken charge of, as he lay in his cot ; for, said he, “ Tho fight of these things might make the boy worse.” . The surgeons studied the case. It was now to them ; a fine opportunity for experi ment ; and experiment they did, and made nothing of it. And still Charley smiled, and went about seemingly happy, knowing no or.o, speaking to no one, missing nothing he had before known The men, when they met him, called out, “ Hi, Charley 1” and ha seemed to be pleased at that—nothing more. Often they would look at him, speak of him, for you seo they had all so liked him. And Sandy Green was grieved at heart, though his manner was as gruff and rude as ever. Alter awhile the surgeons earns to a strange oonclution. They said that the life of Charley, from the first surprise on that eventful evening, that night when he had seen a fight, waa a blank. They said that there was no bridge to connect tbe time be j fore, and the tima after that terribly expert ' cnee. They cited vast authorities, and con fused themselves about them, and so far ; confused Sandy Green, who was hobbling about, that the rough man looked on Charley as though he were a ghost. One day Sandy green, feeling in his pocket, found tho letter which Charley had written to Aunt Teddy, and which had never been posted, and had been forgotten ever Bince, At eight ot it, he went for paper and pencil ; immediately. That night ho had told tho ' boys he had written to Charley’s aunt, ; getting the direction from Charley’s unposted ; letter. : “ Aunt Teddy’s coming to camp, boys,” said eorae of them, in faint remembrance of their old humour, over Charley's relative, j “ Sandy Green has written to her, telling her j all about the boy.” i Lo I io ! A few days after, a tall nppari ] tion, gaunt and grim, draped in grey, made its appenrauce in tbe hospital, asking for Charley Morgan ; and in lese than an hour it waa known all over that Charley’s AuDt Teddy had come. ; All who could sauntered past the window, 1 just to peep at her. But they did not go ; twice, for her fierce look was something dreadful; and it wna everywhere at once. They were afraid of her. They might faco the enemy, but Aunt Teddy wag something more. And Charley f i She just went up to i] the poor lad, and took \ iiia face between her ;\ two bony hands. I ] 11 Charley!” she said. I And ho turned hia smiling meaningless -I face to her, and Slouched low. and did not know her. She sat quietly down, and rooked hereell to a fro. No I Aunt Teddy oould do nothing either. So the days wore on, and some of the boys eaw her sitting beside Charley, holding his hand in hors, and looking fiercely about her like a lioness guarding her young. She would not have him stir from her, r.r.’ 1seemedperfcotly contented besideher. And when the men saw her sitting there, fierce and on guard, holding the boy’s hand j in her own, and he smiling and happy- | looking, they felt a lump in their throats j and in a way they respected Annt Teddy more than it she qried over him, calling him loving i narr;.:,, rorthey saw strength there, like their j own—strength of protection. And, do you know, it was said that wnen ! Sjruiy Green bbw her coming in that day, j he hobbled out as fast as he could, and with n white faoe ; a‘d be would not go near h;r when she asked for the man who had written her about Charley. He, too, was afraid of her—tho gaunt, grim apparition. To the doctors she was a little more conciliating ; and, although she told them they did not know their business, yet, when one of them leaned down, and tried to take Charley’s hand from her’s to give it a friendly shake, she said: ‘‘ Don’t, please I I want io bold him to mo, for he’s all I’ve got.” And tho doctor could not help grasping her’s, with a great choke in his throat. " If we could awaken Charley io some memory of tho past," said the doctor to hot one day—“ if we oould bring him baok to the day before the fight—if he coaid recognise Domothing he had known then, we might save him perhaps." 11 I’m not a rich woman,” was the reply, 11 but I’ll write this instant to my agent to sell my house. And that money—all I have in the world—I’ll give to the man vrho brings my boy back to me.” Now all this was duly reported about camp —all this and more, And it was told to Sandy Green, among others. He shook bis head gruffly. But in the middle of the night Sandy Green rose up like one possessed and searched around, and found an old flat cigar All the noxt day he worked at the box, worked mysteriously and kept lookers-on away. For two days he Bcraped at it. On the third, Charley was to go away with his aunt; for she had determined to take him home, On this last evening Sandy Green was seen larking about the hospital; and once, when Annt Teddy rose and went to see about som» in. caught Chnrley by the bond. End limping swiftly away with him, took him to a little knoll fair oil—took him io a drum laid side wife on the ground, and. seating him there, pulicd out <•-cigar-bos. ehapr-d rudely like a violin, the hirings ot Charley's own lost in- | eirunicr.t stretched upon is. Then ho brought out a rough bovr. Charley Eat down there, and smiled vaguely up at tho sky. Sanely drew the bow across the strings, but before he could repeat it, a rustling noise web heard, und there was Aunt Teddy, frightened out ot her wits at missing Charley, and sho was followed by halt tha boys, the two surgeons among Handy Green raised his bond to warn them. They stepped, motionless. Then slowly, laboriously, out on the pleasant evening air came tho old lure ol "Home, Sweet Heme,” rudely and brokenly played; but there it was—there it waa 1 The smile on Charley’s face faded out,like tho light of tho ignis faluus. A startled ex» i pression cams instead; he leaned forward— I ho listened. j The boys pressed closer and closer. Sandy Green’s lingers trembled so that ha could scarcely hold the impromptu fiddle. All at once, all at once, two tears rolled down Charley’s face; he started up, looked confusedly about him, opened his lips. “ Aunt Teddy !" he cried. He waa savi jj. His aunt waa Kneel Ing at hia feet, hugging hie knees, crying The boys stood there, a glitter in their eyes, until the two doctors went up to Sandy Green, and shook him by the hand, for ha bad done more than they could do, and they owned to it. Then they all, every man of them, v/ent up to Sandy, and wrung his hand. lie had let the fiddle fall to tho ground, and his rough face was seamed with " Here!—somebody lead me to Sandy Green 1" cried a voice, the voice of Charley’s aunt; 11 for I can't sec, I’m crying so hard ; and my legs aro clean gono from under me 1" And Aunt Teddy was marched up to him, but not beiore Charley had caught both Sandy’s hands in his, ! And what did Aunt Teddy do? She just threw her arms around Sandy Green’s neck, and gave him a Bounding kiss, before ail the boys, too 1 And from a score of strong throats came a cry : 11 Tbreo cheers for Sandy Green—and ft tiger 1" And she shook hands with them, every Aunt Teddy did not have to eel! her houso as a reward for “ anyone who could eave her Ths cigar-box fiddle may still be seen there—and often h seen by Sandy Green and others—and it is christened 11 Cuahley’s Fiddle." 