Iptmtimt. A VALUABLE LIFE. By ADELINE SERGEANT. Author of 'A Rome's Danghtor,' 'A Life j Sentence,' ''Sir Anthony's Secret,' 'Marjory's Mistake,' 'Dr. Endieott's Experiment,' ' J;icobi's Wife,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. All ri{;lils reserved.) ? Chapter XV.— The Nigiit Watoh. Chloe's preparations had uot been oi any very mysterious or alarming character. She had merely prevailed upoa Mrs. Groan (who heartily sympathised with her in her sus picions of Nv.rso Ellen) to make up a bed for i her in Ilia sitting-room next Miss KettleweU'ss bedroom, which could bo entered by the door in the wardrobe if necessary. From this room she could hear quite weli a great deal of what j passed in ivliss js.eitieweii s cnamoer, ine tinkling of glasses, llie moving of chairs, and | what seemed to Cliloe a groat doa! of unneccs sariJy uuisy preparation for tin: night. She resolved to sloop in this room erery niglit uulcss lir-r father forbade her to do kg, for she was sure that the knowledge of her presence would tend to make the uurso's movements Rentier and leas cureless. She was sure that there would not have been all that tiu;noil_aad confusion in the sick woman's room if Nurse Kilen had known that one of the patient's rela tions was within hearing. Chloe felt herself ROinctliiusr of a traitress. She reproached herself for uot having to!d the nurse what she meant to do. She liked to bo fair and straightforward. But at tiio same | time- she saw that if she had told the nurse that she was going to sleep in tho next room her purpose would have been frustrated. After this first night Nurse liileu ?migfct know and welcome, But aho first wished to know what was going on when nobody was at hand in order to check the nurse's way of dealing with her patient. It had seemed wrong several times to Chios that none of Miss Kettk'Well'K relations should be staying in tho house at night. Dr. Fleming aud Mr. Corbet bad spent two or three nights there certainly, and Mrs. Fleming and her daughters had come during: tho day ; but Miss Kettlcwell's known dislike to Mrs. Fleming, as well as Miss Wedder burn's insulting speeches, had put barriers in the way of her remaining, and at night, i here- fore, the old lady was usually left to the care of the two nurses and Mrs. Green. As long as the nurses were trustworthy this arrange ment was all right ; but Chloe had conceived a dislike and distrust nf thoi'ounger of tije two, the ono known as Nurse Ellen. The other nurse. Sister Mary, was a thoroughly sensible and reliable woman whom everybody liked and respected. But it was (she who bad brought Nurse Ellen with her as lier^assistant, and Chloe had a natural dislike to complaining of the younger woman until she was certain that she had net b&cn; mistaken in her doubts. Perhaps they camo only from Nurse Mien's rather sharp and disasicunblc manner. Sister Mary was a lacly ; JNuire Ellen was not. And her rosy underbred fa«-, her twinkling black eyes, and immeutc; bush ol frizzled black hair awoke an irritable fueling within Chioo's gentle bosom whenever she saw the girl. Still, as she lay down on her camp bed near the door thatied into Misa Kettle well's hanging closet and thence into the bed room, Chloo vowed to herself thai she would never condescend to underhand measures again ; they were humiliating, especially if Nurse Kllen were indeed faithful to her trust, and horribly degrading in their elfeot upon the mind. She could not burn a light lost it should shino through the cracks of the door, but Uie broad moonlight shone into the room arid guve. an much illumination as she desired. Khe took oif her dress aud wrapped a loose, soft dressing-gown round her, then she awaited the course of events. She knew that she was a light, sleeper and would awaken at tho slightest sound if she were at all on the alert, so she had no hesitation in Bleeping for a little timo aud at 12 she would rouse herself and make euro that the nurse gave Miss Kettleirell the medicine and the nourishment which were ordered nt that hour. But suddenly she awoke from the light Blumber into which aho had dropped with an uneasy feeling and a start. Someone had come into her room. Someone was gliding towards the door which led to the hanging closet and Miss Kettlewell's room. Who could it be ? The moonlight had shifted and left Chloe's couch in darkness. Tho newcomer had evi dently no idea that anyone was in the room. The figure was that of a tall slight woman in black with black drapery over her head — so strangely liko that of a nun. that Chloe . in voluntarily recalled the legend of a ghostly novice who was said to haunt tho house after being murdered,' by a wicked abbess when King's Leigh was a convent in prc- Reformation times. Tho story was old and shadowy and no one within living memory was reputed to havo Been the ghost, but Chloe'a mind reverted to it instantly and she wondered, with a shiver, whether its appearance heralded tlie approach of death. Then her senses and her memory came back to her and she almost laughed. Of course it was Sister Mary gliding through the room on her way to pay a midnight vieit to Miss Kettlewell. Chloe felt relieved and yet a little surprised. For had not Mrs. Green impressed .upon her that neither of the nurses kntew of the concealed entrance' to Miss Kettlewell's room ? It was for that reason that she had chosen to spend the night in a place whenco slie could command entrance at her will, for she had a strong suspicion ' that Nurse Ellen always locked the dressing-room door against visitors at 11. And yet Sister Mary came this way when sbu went to make a midnight inspection of the patient and the night nurse. Chloe did uot move. She hoped that Sister Mary would not see her, for she felt rebuked in her own mind for having suspected any want of care. Even if Nurse ISilen wero inefficient or uuconsoientious no doubt Sister Mary would step in to remedy all defects. So she waited quietly in her dark comer while the black figure passed her by, pressed the button of the door into the hanging-closet, and mado her entrance into Miss Kettleweli's room, leaving, as Cliloe waB quick to notice, the doors behind her just ajar. Nurse Ellen's heavy breathing could then be distinctly heard. As Chloe had Burmised, she had made arrangements for her own comfort and fallen fast asleep ; there was no appoarauce of her being ready to awake, for she did not rouse herself even when the older nurso entered tho room ; she snored lustily in her armchair, leaving the necessities of her patient tu chance. Chloo listened keenly, She expected to hear tho sounds of her awakening, of Sister Mury's severe reproof, of the slight clink of medicine-bottle and spoon and glass, which would show that the nurses were complying with the orders given by Dr. Fleming, liut she heard nothing at all. What could Mister Mary bo doing? Why did she not wake her assistant 7 Did she imagine that Nurse Ellen had already aUt-nded to Miss Kcttlcwell's requirements? There seemed a lull, an extraordinary silence in the, room, tho night nurse still breathed heavily, but there was no other sound, and Chloe's nerves began to feel the strain of the un natural silence. It seemed to her as though ic would oe a relief to scream. What sound was it that came at last ? A most unexpected and unaccustomed sound indeed, 'i'iiu turn of a key in a lock, the opening of a drawer— then the rustle of papers, with odd silences between. Cbloo drew herself into a sitting position on tho edge of her bed and deliberated. She feit that she should very much like lo know what Sister Mary was doinjr. Not that she dis trusted her— oh, no ; eke. was sure that Sister Mary was good and honorable and true ; but wh.it was she doing at Cousin Koturaii's boxes and chests ot drawers? For as it happened Chloe was familiar with the sound of the clicking key that she bail hraid. Some sounds stamp themselves upon our memory in sue.!] a way that we can recall and recognise them to the last day of our lives ; and U!i!og distinctly remembered hearing that click as a child wliRii she stood one day in Cousin Ke ttirah's room in dire disgrace upon soino for gotten cnunr, and when Cousin Keturnh had solemnly unlocked a codarwood box in her presence and remarked, 'Now, inydenr, lam going to scratch your nnine out of my will.' It was a b'rotcfiquc, almost :i farcical inci dent, for Cliloo know tlutt Miss Kettlowell had only been iihyin^ upon her childish fears; but k'uo would remember the click of 'that key in the lock to her dyinp- tiny. What was Sister Mary doing with Miss Kt'ttlewcll's ccdarwood box V Sums prescription was missing, perhaps; some paper of instructions ; and the nurse thought that it h.id boon placed in one of the drawers or in tho box — that must bo the ex planation of her actions. Even then Chlos's indignation began to wax hot within her. No nurse bad any business to ransack Cousin Keturah's boxes and chests of drawers. She heiwlf would never havo presumed to do such a thing. No, hateful though her errand was, she mu^t present herself iu the nexc room and arrest Sister Mary's hand. She rose, gathered her sweeping vobo in one band, so that it should not betray her approach, made her way to the wardrobo and stood for a moment at the haif- opeu door into t!io bedroom, surveying the. scene. The lire cast a dull red glow upon the ceiliug aud the polished furniture. Before it, in a cr:-at chintz-covered chair, reclined Nurso Ellen, still soundly asleep. Hound the high mahogany four-posted bed ths floirared damask curtains wp.io partially drawn, but Chloe could see the high frilled pillows *ud tho worn old face, upon them, the whita kheei on which Miss Kettieweli's thin hand htm lying, and tho satin quilt which rested on tha white counterpane. Sister Mary's tall dark figure was bent above an open drawer. A Email candlestick was in one of her hands ; iho lighted candio threw straugo flickering ! shadows of the veiled bead about the room as f!iu moved it hither and thither iu search of something that she evidently hopsd.to find. The codarwood box siwined to ba inside tho drawer, and the restless prying fingers hastily turned over the papers which it contained', pausing now and then apparently as if to give their owner an opportunity of considering the nature of some specially interesting document. Chloo hesitated no longer. She walked swiftly and silently across the room and laying her hand on the biack-sleeved arm said iu a low but distinct voice — ' What arc you doing with Miss Kettlewell's papers, Sistfir Mary ;' 'j.'hfii she recoiled. It was not tho face of Sisl.er Mary that looked at her from under the sombre veil. Cli'.oe was not easily frightened —not easily dismayed— but something like a pang of absolute terror passed through her as bIio looked into the cold blue pyes of Lavinia Wodiicrburn. '' Y.iu !' she .exclaimed, her hands dropping to hcr&idts.; Miss Wuduerburn said nothing for a minute or two; she- was too niuuli taken by surprise. She had not suspected that Chloe Fleming was in the house. The muscles of her pale faco twitched a little, the thin lips set themselves tighter, but the expression of her eves did not change. She sot tho flickering candle down and looked tentatively at the open drawer. The cedarwood box was open and the papers were in disorder. It did not escape Chloe's notice that cue piece of paper was crushed inside the bosom of Lavinia Wedderburn's dress. Was it one that she bad abstracted fium the drawer or was it ono that belonged to herself ? 'What are you doing here?' eaid Chloe sternly, but in a iow voice which was an esscn tiul in Miss' Kettlewell's vicinity. 'You are not allowed to conip into this room,' the girl said, taking the bull boldly by the horns. 'Allowed!' exclaimed Miss Wodderhurn in her iciest and moat disagreeablo voice. 'I don't need a chit like you to tell mo what I am allowed to do.' 'You are certainly not allowed to search my cousin's boxes and papers while she is ill aud at midnight too,' said Chloe steadily. ' You will shut the drawer and give mo the key, if you please.' Miss- Wedderburn uttered a contemptuous laugh. ' Do you think you can make me do what you tell mo ?' she asked, turning to tho drawer again, as though she designed to con tinue her search. But Cbloe's hand was in stantly laid on her wrist.. 'Are you not ashamed?' said the. girl. 'After you have been here so long and have been kindly treated for so many years that you should turn against us all in this way and ransack my cousin's private drawers and boxes — I am sure I cannot imagine for what reason— are you not ashamed of it and of yourself V' ' 1 ' I am not going to bo lectured by a girl,' i said MiBS Wedderburn, with porfeot calm. 'I am only lookinc for a paper of my own, which _ I left here by accident. To'imBjiJ^JiS «', most important paper, but I krioiy tliatil should never recover it unless I tpok/iny ,iO}\ai means of doing so. You need not befiif raid ;: I am not going to steal anything.' from Miss'; Kettlewell. I am quite in the habit of going toller drawers;' . ? ' ? , ' ... ?. ' ' Yes, in her presence and at her request,' said Chloe. ' Miss Wodderburn, uuless you go' away this moment I shall wake the nurse and rouse the servants.'- 'You will havo a difficulty in making the nurse,' returned Miss Wedderburn, who seemed to have reached the point where reck lessness begins. ' She has had— something to mako her sleep.' Cliloe looked at her with wide-open eyes. 'You mean you have drugsod her !' she cried in a louder voico. 'Ob, you wicked, wicked woman !' Miss Wedderburn made a sudden movement as if she would ? liavo 'struck her ; but it was not often that she completely lost her eelf ontrol. ' Take pare what you say, Cliloa Fleming,' she Eaid in a tone of scornful warning, 'your fate lies in my hands far more than you imagine. For every insult you heap upon me I will have my revenge. 1 have been insulted I and trampled upon ever since I eamo into this house more lhau ten years ago, and I have always looked forward to some future day when I could tell you all what 1 think of you — how I hate, and loathe and despise you ! And the day has come at last.' Cbioo drew back a step in absoluto horror and dismay. 'What havo wo done to you,' she said, ' that you should speak to mo like that?' 'It matters very little what the distinct and serjaratc reasons are,' said. Miss Mredder burn calmly. ' The fact remains that I hate you all and if it is ever in my power to do you an injury, Miss Fleming1, 1 shall not hold my hand.' Cliloo would not bandy words any longer. She stepped backward, seized Nurse Ellen by tho arm, nnd shook her violently. The woman was in a dead sleep, but Chioo's grasp partially arousod her at last. And then the girl reached across her to the woollen bell-ropt. that bung beside tho mantelpiece and pulled it with all her might The bell was a loud ono aud she could hear it clang vigorously a3 she pulled and pulled until thp rope came away in her hand. But she did not see I what Nurse Klieii saw as the sloop vanished from her heavy eyes. She did not seo a weird, white figure raise itself slowly in the bed .and lift its white-capped head and skeleton like hands and try to utter vague words of rage and denunciation and despair. The sight frightened Nurse Kllen more than anything she had ever sficn in her life before, for she bad looked on Miss Kettleweli as dead. And here was tin's paralytic woman, as good as dead, climbing forward on the bed, stretch ing out one long trembling arm, pointing one shaking finger at the woman who stood beside iho drawers and finding voice at last to cry in 'Thfef'f thief ! thief!' Miss Wedderburn shrank back aghast. Chioo looked and saw and sprang to her cousin's' side And it was then that Nurso Kllen, losing all control over herself, Eet up that terribie shriek of terror that roused every sleeper in the house and brought the doctor with flying steps to Miss Kettlewell's bedroom door. Chapter XVI.— The Flame in the Socket. Mies Kettlewell's door was locked, as Chloe had divined. She could not leave her cousin to demand the key from Nurse Kllen, she cuuld only cry in answer to her father's wel come voice and imperative knocks — 'Go round —go round. The wardrobe door.' Fortunately IJr. Flemiug caught her words and knew of the other door. It took him only a mo'.ueut to make his way round and during that instant Miss Wedderburn had mado a frantic effort to escape. lie met her at the very door of tiie room where Chloe had slepli just lire paring to fly to the upper rooms. Ho had wit enough to sec that she wa3 concerned in tbo trouble, whatsovcr it might be, and he caught her at once by tlio arm and compelled her to go back with 'him to Mis Kettlewell's room. Here a strange sigh t met bis eyes. His daughter was holding in her arms the gaunt white figure of the old woman, who was struggling with her furiously and gasping out threats of punishment against Miss Wedder buru and vengeance on all the world iu general. Cbloo w»i trying to get her back to bed, but in was quite evident that her strength would not bo equal to She effort. Dr. Fleming came up to her aud relieved her of her burden. 'Come, come,' he said soothingly, 'let mo help you, Keturah. Come, you 11 catch cold if you leave your bed like this. I have got Miss Wedderburn safe if you want her.' Then, over bis shoulder, 'Lock tho door, Chloe, and don't let Miss Wedderburn leave tho room. But you may let in old John aud anybody you can trust. Mako that woman stop crying if you can.' Ii'o alluded to Nurso EiJen, who had suc cumbed to a (it of hysterical crying and was beginning to shriek again rather than to sob. Chloo locked tho wardrobo door and then went iu tho dressing-room to admit John and Mrs. Green and Sister Mary, who were all gathered anxiously about the door. Miss Wedderburn .showed no further intention of making her escape. Siis stood at' the foot of the bed looking white but x-erfectly stolid, while Miss Kcttloweil, fully restored to sanity and speech, screamed accusations at her from the bad, where Dr. Fleming was firmly but quietly holding her. ' That woman is meddling with my papers ! She wants io rob me. She has robbed me all these years. She wants, to get at my will ! She is a thief ! Search lier, search Jier boxes, search her clothes. She has taken something — taken something that is mine.' 'My dear cousin, calm yourself,' eaid Dr. Fleming soothingly. ' Wo will all do our best lo keep you safe from her or any other person who will do you haim. Yes, she shall ba searched, if you wish it. Yes, yes, we will do all you want. She has no business in your room, certainly ; and &lic; will' havo to answer for it by and by.' He spoko thus to sootho her, but his eye rested sternly on Miss Wedderburn aud read in her face an assurance that she would resist his authority with all tho force at her com mand. 'Send her to prison,', cried the infuriated woman on tho bed. ' You are all cheating me — robbing me — illusiug mo ! Why am I left with nurses who forget me and sleep all night in their chairs? Why does not Laurence come? I ciu trust Laurence ; lean trust no one else. Send for the policn, John— John Driscoll, eend for the police, I tell you, unless you want to see your mistress murdered in her bed.' 'She is raving,' said Miss Wedderburn, with calm contempt, to Sister Mary, who now stood beside her with enquiring eyes. Dr. Fleming frowned her into silence, but Miss Kottlewell had heard the words and now broke forth again with all tho spurious strength which vindictive rage could give. ' '.' We shaU 6oe if I am raving ! Search her, Tom Fleming ; search her, if you are an honest man. See what she has in her band, in her pockets, in her dress. She has robbed me, I tell you— she shall restore what she has stolen before she leaves my house. Give up the paper you have taken, .Lavinia . Wedderburn, or the police will make you do it.' ' If you havo taken anything belonging to Miss Kettlewell you bad better restore it at once,' eaid Dr. Fleming. . ; '^'t^fjs'^^AOttibiag,'' Lavinia Wedderburn r 'jfe'fiii^iljs&jijper;,' said Chloe, coming f or vyft^^nd jppjutirig .to tho frbnt of- her dress. ^'I^aw^jtbere ; r^rtiere is it frpue?' '? 'You,^ve.-a-liarJ-;':8aid Miss Weddorburn. *'I Kayo no paper oh me at all.' .-? '.Slier-laid better bo searched,' said Dr, lTleniing .quietlj', 'if she will not show us what you saw, Chios. Sister' Mary, Mrs. Green— Chloe; go with tier into the next room and make sure that eho has none of Miss Kettlewell's papers in her possession. Now, Cousin Keturah, wo shall get back any thing of yours that she may have taken.' But hia promise proved vain. Chloo pre sently returned to say that, although they had examined her tjlothea and, in short, searched her to the best of their ability, they had not found upon her a paper or a valuable possession of any kind. Dr. Fleming hesitated. It flashed through his mind that these three women were not pro fessional searchers or detectives and that Miss Wedderburn might have got the better of them still. ' Take her to some safe place— not her own room, Mrs. Green,' ho said, 'and lock her in. We will investigate further in the morning.' 'Send her to prison,' moaned the old woman from tho bed. Her strength was fast leaving her and her face was changing color. Dr. Fleming looked at her and knew in his own heart that Keturah Kettlewell's end was nearly come. After a little hesitation Mrs. Green sug gested a small room at the end of the corridor, where she considered that Miss Wedderburn would bo quite safe until morning. And thither Miss Wedderburn was removed, though not before she had thrown a mocking word at Dr. Fleming and Miss Kettlewell. ' You are not so clever as you think your selves,' bhe said, and, with a vicious glance at Chloe, 'I shall be equal with you yet.' Then she sullenly moved towards the door with Sister Mary and Mrs. Green as her warders, one on each side of her. She preserved a per fectly impassive demeanor as long as they were in her company, liut they would have been amazed indeed if they could have seen her when she was alone in her prison-room with the door locked and no possibility of escape. For here, instead of weeping or raging as many another woman — and particularly an innocent woman — would have done, she burst out laughing and seemed in every way satis fied with her night's work. '?Fine detectives they would make !' she cried, alluding to the nursing sister aud the housekeeper. ' Why, I should havo known better what to do than thoy seem to have done. ' Turn out your pockets'— oh, yes, 'with all the pleasure in 'life. ' Take off your dress,' feel the lining, fed me all over if you like, ' Take off your shoes' — oh, yes, shoes, nothing in tho shoes ; why, where else is there to look ?' She carefully felt her foot, then her hand travelled up her leg as far as tho knee. There was scarcely anything unusual to be felt. But it was in her Blocking, the bit of blue paper that she wanted to keep ; she had just had time to stoop aud Blip it beneath the fine black boss before Chios had turned back from the bell-rope to look at her. Aud they had never thought of searching her so closely as to find it there. She laughed again as she felt it and slowly drew it out. It was not a very large bit of paper and it was thin. She held it in her hand a minute or two and considered the matter. ' 1 wish I had a light,' she said to herself at last. ' ' It may bo not be worth keeping. It may be that I am troubling myself for nothing. If I could read it I would sea. But I must wait for morning, and what mayn't happen before then ? I think I can even make a safer place for it than this.' Her hands went up to her head. She had thick black hair fastened up in neat plaits at the back. These she now took down and care fully unwound iu the darkness. Then just as carefully she fastened them up again. But inside the coils of hair a piece of thin blue paper was artfully concealed. It was easy enough ia cover it with her hair. Of course she could not be quite certain that a corner of it was not visible between the thick black braids. She had to risk this, for she possessed no looking-glass aud no light. Sho drew over her head the square of thin black stuff which she had assumed when she wished to personate Sister Mary, and laughed aloud at the success of her plan. Meanwhile Dr. Fleming and Chloo watched together at Miss Kettlewell's bedside. The dying woman's fury had died away in moans and gasps and f utilo tears ; at the last she lay quite still, pressing tho doctor's hand in one of hers and holding Chloe by the other. She would not bo silent, however, though speech was almost failing her. ' I always liked you, Tom,' she said, 'and I meant to leave everything to you if you hadn't married that girl from Surbiton, whom you know I always hated. Oh, well, I won't speak of that. There are your girls, at any rate. Yes, they will have everything — every- thing, King's Leigh and all. You'll fiud it all properly arranged. If only nothing goes wrong through that woman — that woman — who tried to rob me, who would have robbed me if you had not coins in time. ' You'll find my last will and testament ia the cedar box if she hasn't taken it away. And even if sho has, why, the lawyers have it all safe, you know. They won't let anybody else take the money from your girls, will they ?' ' Of course they will not, Keturah, if you have been so good as to make your will in ilieir favor,' said the doctor kindly. Sho was silent for a moment. It seemed almost as though she was trying to remember something which half escaped her memory. 'I havo made a good many wills in my time,' sho said. ' I hope it's all right. I mean your girls to have my money and King's Leigh, you will remember that? Who. else is here? Green and John Driscoil? and that sleepy nurso ? Oh, and Sister Mary, as you call iier, she's the better of the two. I call you all to witness, good people, that I want my house and my money to go to Chloo Flem ming and Millicent Fleming, the daughters of my good cousin here. I havo always loved them best, though I may sometimes have seemed, unkind, and I want them to have everything I leave.' Then her mind seemed to wander a little and she spoko of other things. 'Frank,' she said — and Dr. Fleming re membered that that was the name of the man she was to have wedded onco — 'Frank dear, you are rather late. Where have you been? Oh, fishing— down by the marsh ponds. You'll be drowned there somo day. I've told you ;30 many a time. Emmeline, is that you ? Toll Frank not to go into those dangerous marshy places any more. How changed are both you ! Am I changed too V Shall we know each other when we meet?' Her voice sank to a whispering sigh. She lay quiet for a little time with a strange look of peace upon her face. When she opened her eyes her senses had come back to her and sho spoke rationally again. 'Cbloe,' she said, 'I like your young friend Frances. You might do something for her some day. I meant to do something for her myself, but I'm afraid I have forgotten. You'll be good to her, will you not?' ; . ' Of course I will, dear Cousin Keturah.' 'She's, a good girl. And that isn't all. You should trace out tho people she belongs to. Get-Jjaurenoe— to tell you. She belongs in some way to fheHerons, you may be sure of that. There is eometbing about her that's un mistakablo. Tel! Laurence I say so.' ? ??'.? — : ? -? '^m ' Yes, cousin, we will tell him.' ..'-; ' J.v?'J . 'Don'tforget. Look, she's coming towards .i-.r* meiu her white dress find the pretty flowers in '?»-.; her hand. Don't you see her, Chloe? Tliero . vr.» in.tiiemiddlAbf the room.' ? - ;?! Tlio thin finger tried lo point and then fell !, ; on the counterpane. Chloe murmured sprue- *:,'.' thing caressing; but she.could.not bear to aay ?:?/ that she did not see, what, in her dying horn1,. ?/?? Keturah Kettlewell saw. ' ? ' ].''.;? 'Is it Frances?' the old woman murmured in a changed tone,' ''or is it Emmelint;'? I ?.'?'? scarcely know one from the other now-— they '.: '?'. arc so much alike. You'il remember what L, ?':'. say, Chloe? You will always be good lo. -. Francos, for Emmelino's sake.' . : ' ?';-? Greatly wondering, Chloe promised. Neither . she nor the other listeners knew whether the - ..:?.. dying woman's mind was wandering or not. . * 'And you must punish Lavinia Wedder- ::-' bum, unless— unless— if you fiud it is all right*, you can let her go. So long as you and Milly get it all, I don't mind. Only ba sure that it -.. : is all right; aud then you cau let Lavinia go. And bo good to the animals; bo good to Jim.' ?. said ? the old lady, with reviving cnti-gy. 'Don't forget what I tell you, Cbloe'— witb .' the sharpness that Chloo remembered -so well in days of old. 'I will remember all you say, Cousin Keturah.' ' That's all right. Now say good-night and fro to bed. It's getting late for a child like ~ you. Give my love to Milly and to Francos, and — Frank, lDmmoline, are you there ? Do you know me still ?' The answer to her questions came to her in another world than ours. Her head fell back upon tjie pillow. Keturah Kettlewell's long and dreary pilgrimage was done. I To be continued. ) 