©Qntributed 'SLriiele* CHATS WITH CHARLIE ! By a Cotjntby Pabson. Iv.— Out op ' Lamentations ' into ' coeinthians ! ' Charlie, man ; are you ready for another sermon ? The run has been long, and the way is rough for the mile ahead of us. Now listen, old fellow, whilst you quietly pick your way along this execrable track. Thank you kindly. Sir ! Those ears of yours mean business. Were the congregations we have left behind us this day, as responsive as you, to an appeal for attention, it would have been pleasant work preaching to them. Our last chat was all on the minor key. Sadness is as infectious as are the measles ; and I fear me, my wailing in Gr flat, may have made you mopish. But cheer up, colleague mine ; sunshine follows darkness; — relief should come after physic ; — a full manger at the end of a weary journey ; — ' weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the moraine.' Charlie, we have often given vent to our feelings, haven't we, as we have journeyed and chatted together ? That is how I feel at this moment. I would fain sing a Jubilate to the praise of our beloved Methodism. Take her for all in all, I know of no ship, in the gospel fleet, so taut and strong. A fine old batering ram she has over been. Built for aggression ; with ribs of Royal Oak, and ram of keenest steel ; in all the fleet there is not a line-of-battle 3hips, better fitted, when 'properly manned, to force the devil, ' the world, the flesh,' to exhibit the .white feather of retreat. But, Charlie man, our present weak ness is just at this point. We have officers on board who will persist in acting as if Methodism were a Transport Shi]), for the safe conveyance of our own soldiers to the glory land : Or, a smart up-to-date Cruiser, built for dashing sailing in all seas, in the hope of but an occasional capture : — Or, a Hospital Ship, like unto the famous 'Dreadnought,' for th6 care — I had almost sad ' coddling ' — of that unfor tunate type of Methodists who are for ever and a day wailing out their un scriptural doggerel : — ' 'Tis a point I long to know. Oft. it causes anxious thought : Do I love the Lord, or no ? Am I His, or am 1 not 1 ' Ugh, Charlie ! if I had the writer of that execrable twaddle on thia bush track, I would give him the length of my tongue. But to proceed: 'Or a Shoiv ship like the old veteran ' The Victory ' in Portsmouth Harbour. A ship whose crew live on experiences — inspiriting indeed, but that are all of the past. Or ! a ship of the R. IV. Reserve, good for j Royal reviews, but always coming in at the tail end of the fight. Charlie, that is where we are making j a fatal mistake. Listen, your place, dear old fellow, is between the shafts of | this sulky. There you are facile princeps j amongst the roadsters of these tracks. Behind a plough, or on a racecourse, you would be a pitiable failure. Methodism, too, has her place. And, hearken to me. old friend, if we do not 1 learn to stick to our own last, we shall have to rest content to do a very second rate business. If people want an elabo rate ritual, they will go to the Angli cans for it. All our attempts in that direction are but second rate copies. And men naturally prefer originals. Every church has its specific work. No one system can cover the ground of the whole. Just as High Anglicans are now busy preparing their folk for a journey to Rome, we had better look to make Methodism a home, and not a training ground for other pastures, by doing our own work and doing it well. The specific call of Methodism is to' spread far and near the influence of INTENSE EVANGELISM. Thank you, Charles, the significant prick of those ears tells me that we are in agreement here. The history of over one hundred and fifty years is pregnant with lessons that teach this profound truth. No barometer ever responded more truly to the pressure of the atmosphere, than does the record of our church, to the presence or absence of the evangelistic spirit. Now, colleague mine, I am going to venture upon a remark, that were you j ever to make public, would, I fear me, ! vex the righteous souls of not a few. Anyway, I will venture to trust you j with my burning secret : The revival that New South Wales Methodism needs j to-day ib a revival within the pulpit ! ! In several respects our pulpit was never Btronger. As an expoBitional and ora torical and intellectual force, she is | miles ahead of fifty years ago. Clean . cut, sparkling, argumentative, eloquent, j poetical, 'abreast of modern thought ' , — whatever that may mean — all that, i and much more, the Methodist pulpit is j to-day. But, where we are lamentably weaker than we have ever been j is in the power of appeal to the individual j conscience. We do not succeed in tnak- j ing men miserable. They go from our j services smiling because of the treat the preacher has given them, rather than weeping over the sins they have com mitted. We make our net so fine, that the fishes have no difficulty in breaking their way through its meshes. I fear me, many of us would find it a difficult task to preach a Pauline sermon from those words in 2 Cor. v. 20 : ' Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by %is ; wejway you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God.' It were a difficult task to fit in much of the preaching of to-day with that hymn of the immortal Charles Wesley, one couplet of which goes as follows : ' With cries, entreaties, tears, to save. To snatch them from the gaping grave.1' ' or this : , ' ' For this let men revile my name, No cross I shuii, I fear no shame.' or this f ? ' My life, my blood. I here present, ? If for Thy truth they may be spent.' The fact is, we aim too high. ' Fire lotv men, fire loivl' is a command, and others than soldiers in the battle field would do well to remember. The sooner we parsons, one and all, get back to the first chapter of the first of Corinthians the better. And without we do, we shall have a succes sion of yearly statistics such as are fur nished by our present ' Minutes ; ' and it does not require a lively imagination to foresee where that will speedily land ! us. Charlie, my friend, I am sick of the pedantry that puts Ruskin, or Shake- j Bpeare, or Browning, where the Cross ought to be. If we could only but reproduce 1 Cor. i. 17-29 in every Methodist sermon, we should soon shake the very gates of hell. Look out, old man, I feel like shout ing ! I. want to utter a prayer that may be heard in every minister's study in this land : — ' loed save us teom PULPIT CONCK.ITS.' Whoa, old man, steady there ! I was afraid you were in for a bolt. Just fancy running away from a parson's prayer ! I hope no one elae will follow your example. Now, slow down for a I mile or two longer. Just a word or two more I want to say to you. Charlie, this revival in the pulpit must in reality begin in the Btudy. We preachers need a new revelation, a revelation of the marvellous spiritual possibilities that gather around our profession as consecrated ambassadors of the Cross. And that revelation tvill only come to ^ls when on our knees, . I have no sympathy, old fellow, with parsons who say : ' I am not cut out to be an evangelist. That is not my line.' Fancy a red coat excusing himself to his superior officer, ' I am not adapted for aggressive fighting.' ' Then away with you man ; off with that coat, and go home to your mother.' Such would be the only natural retort for such an utterance. The man who is not ' cut out ' for bouI saving work will never be a success in the Methodist ministry. ' Strong words, Mr. Super,' did I j hear you say ? Yes, Charlie, as strong j as they are true. If not, Wesley was j utterly wrong in all his teachings, and j our glorious history is romance and fireworks in place of sober fact. Mark, Charlie, I do not say that we are all called to save souls after the same fashion. Of course not. Just as in the army there are Sappers and miners ; sharpshooters and heavy dragoons ; scouts and skirmishers ; artillery and men of the foot. So, blessed be God, we have amongst us as ministers, a blessed diversity of gifts. But in all these worketh that one and the self -same spirit.' And the call, in every case is to aggressive warfare t Charlie, my sermon is long, and we are nearing home. I will end with a story. I have heard of an old local preacher, who had apparently outlived his usefulness. So unpopular had the prosy old fellow become, that com plaints came in from every quarter of the Circuit. The Super at last went to interview the old man, when the fol lowing, conversation ensued : — ' My Brother, I wish you could see your way to retire from the plan.' 'How's that, Sir?' asked the old man, in unfeigned surprise. 'So many complaints reach me,' said the Super, ' that I fear I shall not be able to give you any further appoint ments.' And then, after an embarras Bing pause, he added, ' Do you know what they call you, through the Circuit?' 'No, Sir,' tremulously answered the old man. ' they— call — you — old — Brother — Dry — Stick,' slowly, and with difficulty answered Mr. Super. 'For a few moments the old man was like one paralvzed. Then, with tears raining down his furrowed cheeks, he pleaded to be allowed to preach ' just once more.' The concession was granted ; and with what result think you? Away to his little room went that dry as dust old preacher. He wept, and pleaded with God, hour after hour, until his old Btiff body was worn with weariness. He went again and again. Like old Jacob, he literally wrestled with G-od, until there came down upon him a strange new influence. Still trembling and anxious, he went off- to that strangest of trial sermons. Before he had been long in the pulpit, the place was shaken with the Holy G-host. Tears took the place of criticism, and ere the service ended souls were saved. It was so everywhere. ' Old Dry Stick ' became a flaming sword ; and many will bless God throughout eternity that the dear old man's name was not removed from the plan. Charlie, this is no made up tale. It is a living fact. If we, the Methodist preachers of New South Wales, would but follow old Dry Stick's example, we should, within one brief year, revel in a revival that would mean an additional chapter of the Acts of the ApoBtles. And now my dear old friend ' just one word more 'as we parsons Bay in the pulpit, to the horror of youngsters, yearning for the benediction. Every thing in this world has its price. And the price for success such as I have been speaking of is explained by the MaBter Himself in Mark ix. 29. Let us pay a long and lingering visit to that truth, and then fix up our abode in 1 Corinthians, chapter 1, and — Oh,. Hallelujah !— no more such returns as have given me this attack of the blues, and are responsible for these two lengthened chats. Gee up, old horse ! Yonder is home, and you deserve it after such a journey and such a sermon. 