mm mm.' . NOTHING BEYOND. (Continued. 'Yes, I replied; ' bat times have altered. ... I am very liappy in the rank of life which I -, ; have chosen ; you are equally happy in yours . i. Please remember tb at I am your paid assist - tant:; you are Mrs. Carnegie to me in future/ Her bright face clouded over. \- Of course I love you all the same,' I could' not help adding, 'but now let us see to business. I shall be ready for any amount of consultations after someone has brought me a cup of tea.' Mrs. Carnegie stood still for a moment reflecting, then she went to the bell andrang ; it. In a mbmerit a neatly dressed maid appeared. 'Susanah,' said Mrs; Carnegie, 4 this lady . is Miss Boss, who has come to help' us' with our theatrical dresses, and this young girl is her assistant. Will you kindly attend on Miss Boss, take her to her; room, and do everything that is necessary for her. She would like tea immediately so have it brought, please. Also see that Lucy Price is made thoroughly comfortable.' The girl, a bright, pleasant-looking crea-' tore, answered in cheerful' tones ; the next moment Mrs. Carnegie had left the room. 'You would like to see your room, Miss Boss, said Susanah. ' I should very much'' 1 answered. ' If you will take me there now, I can take off my bonnet- before tea. Is Lucy Price to \- Bleep anywhere near me ?' ' Yes, madam, she will s'leep not far away,' replied the girl. ' Coisie : this way, please, Miss Boss.' I called to Lucy to follow me, and accom panied Susanah down one long passage after another.' 'I am sorry, madam,' said the girl, ' that our housekeeper has been obliged 1 to place you in a room so far from your work- room, but every corner of the house is full. You will be very comfortable, however, and per haps you will not mind this slight inconven ience.' ' It does not matter to me in the least where I sleep,' I answered, heartily. The girl continued to trip on before me. Lucy followed behind. We had now entered the old part of the house, and very old and queer it looked. The windows were narrow \ .and low, the panes of glas3 diamond shaped, : , and so thick as to preclude the full ingress of. J light. We stopped at last before, a heavy- \ oak door which Susanah opened, showing a ; neat and cheerfully furnished bedroom. '.This is your room, Miss Ross,' she said. The shape of the mom, : the size of the windows were of course old, but the furni- : tore was eseentially light and modern. A : splendid fire roared in" the grate — in short, the queer old-fashioned room looked charm - \- \ing.. | . ' And where is Lucy to sleep ?' I asked, | as I laid down my handbag on the nearest 8 chair. H ' 'I will take her to her room,' said the 8 girl, the faintest shade of hesitation In her H manner. ' We - are sorry that she is to be H placed there,- but there is not another corner.' 8 .'I am sure Lucy will not mind where she a sleeps,' I said. a ' Of course not,' answered Lacy. ' Come- with me, Miss Price, then,' Baid H Susanah. . || The two disappeared, and I spent a few » moments removing all traces of my rapid H journey to Derbyshire. I was preparing to if leave the room to find my way back as bast . m I , could to my far distant sitting-room, when »:Lncy, Price knocked at. my door. \- ' 'I thought I could show yon your way HI back, Miss Boss,' she said. ' I noticed as we |H came along all the many turnings ; we turned |i to the left the whole time. Ingoing back, if W we. turn to the right, we shall gain your sit- W ting-mom, madam.' .' Well, come along,' I answered ; 'it was clever, of yon, Luoy, to be so observant. I- iope-yon have got a nice bedroom.' 1 I don't know, madam.' ' You don't know P.I said, for something ; in her tones surprised me. ' Didn't the ser- vaat show you-your room ?' . ' She did, Miss Ross. It seemed a little lonely and far-away - from every one, but I daresay I shan't mind it when the time comes. I generally sleep without rocking all night. Oh yes, my. room will do.' 'Of course it will, M answered. 'Now help me to find our sitting-room.' The rest of the afternoon and evening passed, quickly . Lacy- was invited to have hertea in the servants' hall, and as soon as X,had finished mine, Mrs. Carnegie came to' fetch me. lmcy- had also to be summoned," in order to bring down the several bales of silk and stuffs which I had brought with me from town. - 1 met a large party of ladies and gentlemen in the hall where the acting was to' take place — a magnificent room' some centuries old. . A stage was in course of pre paration, one or two artists were busily employed doing the scene painting. I un folded my parcels and spread the glistening stuffs about.. The ladies went into raptures, the men criticised freely. I unfolded as briefly as I could a programme which I had ' made up in my own mind with regard to the ftrPOQPR tflA tilfforAnf /Yrfi "MVa was to take the part of Phebe, the Shep herdess; two very handsome giris who were' staying in the honBe would act respectively. Rosalind and Celia. I resolved to 'take especial pains with regard to Mrs. Carnegie's dress, and showed her. some charming- prints and cretonnes which would make np ex quisitely for the shepherdess's costume. My wish was, of coarse, to let the dresses be as rural as possible. I bad firm- ideas witb regard to colour "and certain broad effects whicji .would look admirable when' repre sented on the pretty stage. There were "several re'ally good actors and actresses in the honse party, and enthusiasm rose to its Height when the scene of the Forest of Arden ' -was enacted for the benefit of , several 'jstactators. It was late before the ladies wbo we?3 to act had finally "chosen their, costumes. I" folly meant' to be th9 dressmaker all the time, but I also intended to be the leader as far as colour and' design were concerned. As my custom was, I threw my whole soul into the work, and as was usual, found that "my .strong opinions were easily adopted by the .amateurs who were present. Before' bedtime that evening the ladies, had all chosen their costumes. I had taken their measured, and had arranged hours when -each was to come "to me to be fitted on the morrow. Having done this much, I was tired and glad to go up to my sitting- room. Here a tempting supper was provided for me. I mace some notes, arranged iriv nlan of work for the morrow, asked Lucy Price to take a' message from me to Mrs Carnegie to the effect that 1 should require the services of every available lady's maid in the house, waited until Lucy brought me back my hostess's reply, and then suggested to her that we ahonld both go early to bed. ' I'm: sure I'm dead with sleep,' said the girl ' Well, come and enjoy it,' I said. We left our sitting-room, again traversed the various passages, turned as before ever to the left, and soon reached my pretty, cosy, old-fashioned room. It was a bitterly, cold night, and the fire blazed high in the grate. ' Good night, Lucy,' I said, ' sleep, well ; -remember we must'he up early in the morn- ii mi Boss,' answered the Bda moment, holding her . .' I wish,' she said, after i'd just come with me as \\-oi course it's all right, bat V / jth is Susanah ; she will take you. \- iff wonld like' me td Bee 'it', I a: ii hriswered. ' I was just coming to light your candle,' said Snsanah. She walaed down another long passage, at the end of whioh were two or three steps leading to a heavy oak door. 'This was pushed open, and we stood in Lucy's chamber. If my room was old-fashioned, this was unquestionably not only old.fashioned, but eerie. It was a large room, three times the size of mine. An enormous four- poster occupied the. position of importance in the centre of the room. It was hung with heavy velvet, which may have been crimson by day, but looked black at night. A much worn Brussels carpet covered the hoards. The furniture would have delighted many a connoisseur, being veritably Queen Anne, with moth-eaten tapestry covers. In the light made by our few candles it looked dismal. The room struck one as intensely- cold, and I looked with dismay at the fire- less grate. ' Mrs. Mitchell, our housekeeper, is so very sorry she can't give Miss Price a fire,' said Susanah. ' We tried' to light it, but there must be some birds' nests in the chimney; for it smoked awfully ; we were obliged to give up. We'll get.a man to-morrow to see' if the chimney can't be-put right. Perhaps you can sleep for this one night comfortably, Miss' Price. There are a great many blankets, and. I will fetch a hot- water bottle fcr your bed.'! Susanah tripped away, and Lucy turned to me. Do. you like this room, madam?' she said. ' It is a little gloomy and dark by this light, certainly,' I answered, ' but it is in reality a very comfortable room.' .' I asked Susanah,' continued Lucy, ' if there were any rooms beyond this, and she said, ' No, there is nothing beyond.' I must be at the extreme end of the house.' ' Well, you are not far from me,' I ans wered. ' If you' are nervous, come to me. I would gladly have-you sleep with me, but my bed, as you noticed; is a very , small one.' ' Oh, of course, I could not think of that,' said Lucy. She bade me ' Good night,' and I went back to my room. The contrast between my bright and par ticularly snug little room, to poor Lucy's dark but m some ways palatial chamber, could hot hut disturb me. I laughed, how ever, at the queer nervousness which had somehow come over me. ' The room is old-fashioned, but perfectly comfortable,' I said to myself. ' Lucy sleeps like a top ; she will fall into a deep slumber the moment she' lays her head on her pillow. Now, I' must not think of anything more, but get quickly into bed, or I shan't he ready for my hard work to-morrow. I removed my dress, standing by the fire as I did so to warm myself. I had just put on my dressing-gown, when a knock came to my door. I said, ' Come in,' and Lucy Price entered. Her face was perfectly white,' her' eyes dilated with "terror. 'I can't sleep in that room, Miss Boss,' she Said: 4 What do you mean ?' I said, really annoyed by the girl's manner. 'Yon know. Lncy; ybuoiight not tb be so silly as to give way to nervousness.' 'I know I ought not,. Miss Ross,, but I can't help myself. I feel that there is some thing wrong with the room — I can't account for it, for I'm not silly as a rale ; and as to ghosts, I don't believe in any' such non sense.' ' Well, what do you mean to do?' I asked. 'May I sit on a chair in your room until the morning? I had much,' much rather if I ' might.' ' You silly girl,' I replied,' ' how would you be fit for all the work you have got to do'to- morrow if yon have no sleep to-night ? besides, we have to he here for seVeral nights, and you'll be just as much alarmed at 'sleeping in that room to-morrow. You can't stay up all the nights yon are here, Lucy. I am quite certain there is nothing whatever the matter. Yon will probably find that yon have got a splendid room which yon will be proud to have occupied when you awake in the morning.' ' Perhaps so, Miss Ross, but I'm not at all proud now — I'm shaking all over ; the fact is, I can't and won't go back.' I looked at the girl's white face, and saw that she was really very .much disturbed. After a brief pause for thought, I saw there was nothing whatever to be done but to give her up my snug little bed, and go to sleep in the four- poster myself. . _' I see you cannot help your fears,' Isaid. ' You shall sleep here, and I will go into the other room. When I have assured you by a night's sound rest that .that four-poBter bed iB thoroughly comfortable, perhaps yon won't be silly to-morrow evening.' ' Oh, I am so grateful to you, Miss Ross,' said poor Lucy. Tears filled her eyes, she clasped my hand. and kissed it. . : 'Foolish child,' I said, smiling at her. ' Now go to bed,; ard to sleep.' I made a few preparations, and soon after wards left Lucy to her peaceful repose in my eniig firelit- chamber, and went to tbe room at tbe other "end of the passage. ; It struck' very chill as I entered it: I resolved, however, to get quickly into bed, and not allow myself a moment's time for thought. Before doing jso, I took the pre- . caution to look round the room; as far as. I could see, there was no mode of ineress but by - the door through which . I had entered.. The room was panelled with oak, and I thought it just possible that I might be dis turbed by rats behind the wainscoting. The windows were high, narrow, and Bet with diamond, panes. Having satisfied myself that the room was all right, as far as I could see, I got 'into bed and put out my candle. Then' I suddenly remembered that I had come away'frdinmy own room without bring ing any matches with me. ' No matter,' I said to inyself," ' it is cer tainly not worth while disturbing poor Lucy now: The bed is quite warm and comfort able; I shall soon be in a sound sleep. 8 Somehow or other I never felt more tired in'my life. I wrapped the bedclothes high over my head and shoulders, and closed my eyes. I suppose every one knows the sensation of suddenly becoming intensely broad awake after one has got into bed. Snch a feeling visits one now and then in moments of extreme weariness. It came to me this riight. I am a good sleeper as a rule, but I found that I could not sleep. Each moment became more intensely wakeful. I turned from side to side in my large bed, and wooed sleep- as assiduously as if I were a lover. Sleep was coy, however, and would not come. HI had brought matches with me, I would have lit my candle and looked around me on the chance of finding a book toread. In the utter darkness I could not divert mv thoughts. and I found them to mv own dismay, turning resolutely away from all cheerful subjects. I kept, thinking, not of tbe work I was to do on the morrow, not of the beautiful dresses which were to grow into form and airy lightness under my clever manipulations, but of the eerie room in which I had found myself. ' There is nothing beyond, I kept 're peating to myself. ' This room is at the end of the old honse. The passage whioh leads to it leads to nowhere else. It is ridiculous to be nervous, but l am just a trifle nervous. I wish I had matches. Shall I go to Lucy for'theffi or not ?' l had not quite made up my mind how to act, when a sound' in the room caused my heart to stand still. It was the stealthy sound of a footstep. I called ' out, 'Who 'is there?' but' there was no answer. The footsteps seemed to be proceeding from the door. 'On they came, treading softly, very softly on' the carpeted floor, but now and then making an old board creak 'as they proceeded across the room. I felt cold and sick.' Why had I ventured into this room ? Why- had I given up my snug . bed to Lncy Price ? . Why had I not been warned by her neryoos terrors, and accepted her suggestion that she should sit on a chair in my owe chamber «1L I night? I These thoughts flashed through my ix- ; cited and overwrought brain, while trie footsteps, stealthy and slow, wandered about the chamber. "Who was in "the room with me?' Unquestionably someone was there. Who was it ? "Who was this dumb person who refused to reply to my question ? 1 was in capable of saying ' Who is there ?' a second time. My tongue seemed to cleave to the roof of my month. I knew if Imade any sound again, I should scream— I did not want to scream. To mj horror the footsteps chme closer. One, two — :onej two, they paced across the floor — they approached the bed— they paused — then hands felt me all over with stealthy quiet touches— they felt my legs, my arms, they even touched my hair and cheeks. The hands ivere cold— they had a hard and skinny feex. Still I kept back my screams. The awful ' Thing,' for I conld give . it no name, hav-' irig satisfied itself as' to tho nature of the occupant of the bed, now moved round to the other side of the four i poster. The bed was placed about tWo feet from the wall at this side." I heard the footsteps oome up the narrow passage, and then stay' still. Now was the moment for deliverance. With a wild and sudden bound I sprang out o'f bed and rushed to the door. I caught the handle and tried to open it; To my horror it resisted all my efforts.' The door was looked. Who had locked it ? I felt for the key— the key had vanished; j I can scarcely tell'how T manage'd to creep back into ' the bed. I did so, and lay half fainting and perfectly motionless for the remainder of that night. Nt another sound did I hear. The room was as still as a ' grave. The slow hours dragged themselves on, -and at last — at long last, the blessed light stole in behind the heavily curtained windows. Even then I dared not move, fearing that the fearful Thing;that felt me all over in the night still be in ambush to spring upon me. At last the light became sufficiently strong for me to venture to raise my head. I looked around ; I could see nothing in the room. Gaining courage with the increasing light, I ventured at last to get out of bed, and to examine the roorii' thoroughly. It was empty of any' living creature but myself. I went to the door, and once again tried to turn the handle. It opened at once, and I saw that the key had been put back into the lock. So amazing was this that I might have come to the con clusion that I had only been the victim of the most horrible form of nightmare, when my eyes were arrested by something which lay on the ground at the foot of mv bed: T walked up to it, and examined it closely. It was a large loaf of bread, oh the top of which reposed a piece of bacon. Astonishment took away my breath. I got into bed: and waited until the door was' opened, and Susanah, bearing a large can of' hot water, entered the room. I raised my head and looked at her." She started in amazement when she saw me. 'Why, Miss Ross, have you slept here ?' she said. 'Yes,' I replied; 'Lucy was nervbusV I don't think you ought to have piit her into the room.'- Susanah " coloured ; then her ' face turned' piale. '1 said so to our housekeeper,' 6he an-, swered, ' but she' said thkt she'd mbst'lifeely sleep aU night and know nothing!' 'Then there is something to khow'?'.'I queried. 'Ob, miss, for the love of ' heriveri, dbri't let oh that' I said it ; it would be as much as my place is worth— it would indeed. I made no reply for a moment.' Susanah arranged the bath for my comfort, drew back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. . ' I hope, miss.' she said in a.'vbibb 'of hesi tation, ' that you— that you »lppt well.' ; 'No, I didn't,' I answered curtly, ft, don't suppose that any one could sleep Well in this awful room.' ' ' Oh, miss, why do you say that? Oh, my. word, what's that on the floor ?' ' . Susanah's eyes had suddenly lighted on the loaf of bread and the piece of cold bacon. 'Take them away/ I said. You kioW more about them than I do. I can't tell ybu how they got there — take them away at once.' I spoke angrily. The girl's face, with its changing- colour and hesitating mannfer, frightened me considerably. She stooped down and lifted up the loaf of bread and piece of bacon, and walked out of the room with them. I jumped" up and began, to dress hastily. I resolved to sift this thing'to the bottom. My impression during the night was that I was" visited by a ghost, but ghosts did not care for snch material things as bread and cold bacon; Perhaps, after all, my terrible visitant might be accounted for in another way ; if bo, there' was some mis-' chief going on. Yes, I would sift the thing. As 1 dressed, I resolved to' say 'nothing of what had' Occurred to Lncy. She came- into my sitting-room to help me almost im mediately after her breakfast. ' I hope you have had a good night, Miss Boss,' she skid. ' ' I seldom sleep 'well in a strange bed,' I answered; evasively. 'I hope you had a good sleep, Lucy/ ' I should think I had, miss ; I never stirred all night. I am sorry I was 'such a coward as to put you into my bed in that dreadful room: I — I hope, mi hp — ' Now, look here, Lucy,' I interrupted, I am not going' to eay a single word with regard to that room. You can .sleep in my room while you are here, and that is the end of the matter so far as you are concerned. If the subject of our having changed rooms- is referred to in the servants' hal!, you are to be silent. If forced to speak, you are to mention nothing beyond the fact that Miss Ross likes a large room to sleep' in. I will confide in you ; something did happen in the night, and I am determined to get to the- j bottom of it ; but all- will depened on your having the courage to'hold your tongue/ 'Oh, madam, I won't breathe a 1 word,' said pcor Lucy. 'How good you are to let me use your room. You'may be sure 'I "won't say a word.' Soon afterwards, the heavy work of the day began. I felt strangely tired, my limbs were heavy and ached as I dragged them about, my brain felt less clear than, usual. I took no special interest in iny work. When I went into Lucy's room to rearrange my hair, I noticed lines about my face which I had never seen there before ; my hair was dull and devoid of any bright colour. Had I looked closely, I have not the least doubt that I should have seen some grey for the first time in iny locks. Ail during the hours of that day, while 1 woraed and manipulated and cut out ' and " contrived and planned, I thought of the ghastly night which was ap- iiu w was x to euaure ine sound of those footsteps r How was I jo bear the feel of those bony hands ? If I were exposed to another night of equal terror to 'the last, I wondered if my senses would hold out. (To be concluded next week.) The Prince of "Wales wears a bracelet on his right wrist, so do the German' Emperor and the Duke of Edinburgh. On the stage Kyrle Bellew used to wear one, and so did Mr. Owen Hall; and Mr. Henry Neville now wear's ohe in ' Cheer "BoyS, Cheer/ Extbavaganoe.— (Overheard at a hotel in Boulogne.)— English _ Traveller: I say, is this all the soap I'm to be allowed ?— Land lord: Otti, M'sieu.— E. T. : Then I'll engage two bedrooms, please, because I want to wash both hands. Pboof Positive. — Bev. Mr. Stiggins : Brother Lushing ton, I was grieved to notico that you were in a state of intoxication in chapel on the Sabbath. — Brother Lashing- ton : Well, to tell you- the truth, old man; I ' don't remember, but I expeot l must have been or I should never have been there; N? 