THE GREYPONY. Texas isn't giveu to shying. Therefore, wlieu lie suddenly jumped sideways right out of the narrow trail, almost bowling over Devereux'6 pony, I pulled up to discover what the trouble was. The great tropical moon was brilliant above us ; but the shadow und°r the gloomy boughs of tlie immense live oak was so thick and sombre that at first 1 could only distinguish a mere formless bundle amongst the dead leaves at its foot. Dismounting and moving nearer 1 struck a match, whose feeble glimmer flickered 011 the body ol' a man limply outstretched on the carpel of dead and rotting leaves. A second glance, and the match dropped from my nerveless fingers, whilst Devereux, at my elbow, horrified, sprang back. For under the upturned jaw a purple bullet hole in the brown throat showed that a life had been suddenly cut short, whilst in the same brief moment both of 11s had recognised the victim. " Ed Hart! " muttered Devereux. "Yes," I answered stepping back into the moonlight ; " and I know" I recollected myself, and stopped suddenly. " Say what you were going to," went on my companion grimly, "' Pedro Martiuez's work,' you were going to add. However fond I may be of Isabella, be sure I fully realise her father's little eccentricities. But look here, Fenton, I beg you will do me a favor. Don't say anything about this discovery. Let someone else take the news to the sheriff." Amomcnt's hesitation, and I assented, and, remounting our ponies, we passed out of the belt of heavy hammock or swamp forest that borders Muddy Creek, and, cantering up through the open, moonlit pine woods, soon gained our shanty on the bank of clear Lake Stella. For hours that night I lay awake. I was younger then, and uiy thoughts dwelt on the vride open eyes of the murdered man under the oak—eyts which, even when I dozed off, seemed angrily to reproach me for leaving their hipless owner to the tender mercies of the range-wolves and buzzards. Let me here explain why 1 had con- ' sented to this strange request of my dear friend and partner, Philip De- Tereux. Pedro Martinez, a Cuban settler in our remote Florida township, was the father of a very lovely daughter, and at the same time the possessor of a very handsome grey saddle pony. The former Devereux was deeply in love with; the latter was widely "coveted by Ed. Hart, a young cattleman from the adjoing county, who frequently passed our way with' beasts for the Tampa market. Six months before the date of my story Hart had appeared at the Martinez place with a fast and very pretty little bay mare, and had actually, by many and desperate lies aud false swearing, induced Martinez to do a trade—an exchange of which the older man got all the worst,"for the little bay speedily proved utterly unsound and untrustworthy, with never a thing to recommend her but her looks. The hotblooded Cuban, naturally resenting this 4 arrant swindle, sent a message to Hart, requesting him to set the matter right. To this he got a sneering, even insult- /"itiK, reply, which so infuriated him that both Devereux and I felt sure, from threats uttered in our hearing, there would -be trouble when swindler and swindled should meet. Martinez was a dangerous man when roused, and quite reckless of consequences. So it may be easily imagined to whom our suspicions jumped when we discovered Hart's corpse, aud equally the anxiety of Devereux that his prospective father-in-law might not be branded as the slayer. Understand, we knew nothing of the facts of the killing— whether it had been a fair fight, or, as we feared more likely, an assassin's shot, from the depths of the brash. In the first case public opinion, as it then was, would have so far acquitted the survivor that he would not even have been asked to undergo the formality of a trial. In the second, what is in the south and west somewhat grimly designated as " necktie party " would be the likely result. Next morning Deveicux—who was, ' fellow! naturally restless and unusy—rode over to the Matinez place, rhere the very first thing that met his eye was the bone of contention, the grey pony, contentedly cropping the Bermuda grass behind the rails of the cow pasture. Ciceio, Martinez's negro hand, informed the visitor that, on going down early to water the stock, he had found the little beast evidently waiting to be let into his old quarters. Old Martinez was about as usual, in his blue jeans and steeplecrown straw. He was queer and surly in his manner, though his face wore its usual look of impassive repose. After a few rather point^ss remarks Devereux made come cxcusc, and turned home- wards, without so much as a ingle word with Isabella. It was the busy season on our orangegrove, and day after day we worked on at the steady round of ploughing, hoeing, aud fertilising, eae.li morning nervously expectant of hearing from our colored hands of the discovery of the remains of the wretched Hart. But the news never came ; and when one night, a couple of weeks later, we nervously ventured along the creek track, no feigns of the body were visible beneath the live oak. The wolves and buzzards had well done their loathsome work. Gradually matters worked back to the old routine. Devereux again took to spending his leisure evenings in the society of Isabella Martinez ; I, too, using them for the fishing and shooting that had always been my favorite pastime. Martinez had substantiated a claim to the grey pony by a judicious payment to the county authorities, as represented by the sheriff. Bart's disap- pearance, owing to having no relatives in the- State, had passed almost unnoticed amongst oar so ant and busy population. II. Some four months had slipped by, when one evening my old hound. Rip, treed a 'coon in a hollow cypress on the edge of Muddy Creek, not 00 yards from the spot where we had found Hart's body. In the excitement of the chase I gave not a second thought to the locality, but eagerly set to work to smoke out my quarry, stuffing into the trunk bundles of smouldering grass and Spanish moss. Whilst thus engaged, the stillness of the dusky forest was broken by the rapul thud on the soft ground of the feet of a loping pony. Glancing up, the last clear rays of twilight showed me, fast approaching down the creek track, the grey pony with Martinez in the saddle. Convinced, as I was, of the old man's guilt, a vague wonder seized me at his hardihood in passing the very scene of his crime on the self-same animal which had borne the murdered man. On they came until opposite the great live oak, when suddenly the grey stopped short, checked on its haunches, and that seemingly not by his rider's hand. With a enr.se Martinez raised his heavy raw-hide whip and cut the animal heavily across the flank. The game little brute reared aud plunged, apparently unable to force his way past some, to me, invisible obstacle. Martinez, a splendid horseman, sat for a moment or two as firm as a rock. Then as I, impelled by some unexplaiuable emotion, hurried towards him, 1 could plainly see a ghastly change over-spread his face ; the reins slipped from his limp fingers, and he dropped to the grouid as though stricken by a thunderbolt. Before I could quite reach the spot the pony had wheeled, and gelloping furiously homewards, in an instant disappeared up the winding trail. The fallen man lay huddled at the foot of the great oak. In the trunk above him was visible, yet unhealed, the white score of a heavy bullet. The curious resemblance between his attitude and that of the former victim struck me most forcibly as I raised the body and unsuccessfully did my best to restore animation. The frozen horror in the glaring, wide-open eyes absolutely terrified me, and I kept glancing round into the deepening shadows with a positive dread of what might emerge from the surrounding leafy depths. • A. very few minutes convinced me that Martiuez was quite dead. Yet what cou'd be thecausu? The fall on the soft ground was a m^re nothing ; neither was there any sign of kick or blow. I left the ill-omened spot and hurried home; afoot, where by good luck I found Devereux, and t.ild him what had occurred. He was all anxiety for' his sweetheart, and suggested that whilst he went over and prepared her for the shock I should bring the body in. This, with the aid of a negro hand and our light spring waggon, I did, and by 10 o'clock the unpleasant task was finished. Next day was an inquest, and the verdict given, " Death from natural causes ;" but as there was no doctor within reach wc were as far as ever from understanding the aetual facts of the case. Privately, I felt sure that, could any of the jury have seen those dreadful, staring, horror filled eyes before they were finally closed, their opinion would more likely have been "Death from sheer fright." III. And now coincs the sequel, which is to me more of a mystery than what has gone before. Shortly after her father's death Isabella Martinez and Phillip Devereux were quietly married, and settled dpwn on the Martinez homestead. My old friend and I still, however, 6aw a good deal of one another, and about once a month would ride together into' Fort Harney, the county town where we transacted our business, and gener- ally had a pleasaut chat and game of billiards with some of our countrymen. It WBB an August evening that we two started on a return ride from Fort Harney—I on old Texas, and Devereux on the grey, which was now his favorite mount. All the afternoon a series of brief but fierce thunderstorms had rolled up from the Gulf and passed rumbling away towards the Atlantic. The creeks and slews brimmed with the recent torrents, and drove us from our usual road to the old and long-avoided Muddy Creek trail. Again, as on that memorable night nearly a year ago, a glorious moon, bursting through the vauisliing track of sullen cumulus, lighted us 011 our way. We forded the creek, and bath instinctively forced our animals to a sharper pace, the grey rapidly outdistancing my less well-bred, mustang. About the great live-oak he was leading by perhaps some 70yds. And then, as he passed the ill-omened spot, ouce more Devereux's mount began plunging and kicking furiously, and a. moment later frantically bolted, his rider still in the saddle. Spurring on, I followed, but only to lose sight almost immediately of the pair. The track, easily visible on the wet, yellow soil, led me along the road to the Martinez homestead, and I pressed on as faBt as my weary beast could carry me. Just at the top of the slope, where the hammock gave way to open pine forest, a great patch of silver moonlight glistened on the moist soil, and there I found my poor frieud, and, in less time than is taken to tell it, sprang down and raised his liaad. Thank God, though stunned, he was at least alive, and soon came round. But he seemed to have sustained a severe nervous shock, and kept raising his hand to his neck as if it pained him. Not a word could I get out of him, so lifting him into Texas's saddle I soon had him homeat Lake Stella, when I dosed him with brandy and made him bathe his head in cold water. Suddenly he turned to me abruptly and said : a " Fenton, do you believe a dead man can have power to harm a living one ? " Not knowing what to say I kept silence, and he went on : " As sure as I live, just as' I passed the oak someone or some thing sprang from the shadows into the saddle behind me, clutched me with icy fingers round the neck, and began slowly strangling me. The pony, as you saw, bolted, but it was not till I lost consciousness and fell from his back that the horrible grasp was slackened. I don't know what it was, nor do I want to ; but this I do know—that never again will I ride the grey." He was quite right, for the poor little beast never appeared that night at the pasture-gate, and when next day we followed his trail we found him many miles away lying dead on the edge of a great gloomy swamp, ridden to death by the ghost or fiend that had ended the life of one rider, and even in death seemed still to covert the cause of the cutting short of his own earthly life. 