A LINCOLNSHIRE GHOST STORY. From Halton Holcrate, a village near Snils bery, Lincolnshire, comes a quaint ghost «i.ury, bringing with it, however, an air of reality in tho form of authoritative details winch accounts for the sensation it has caused in the neighbourhood. The spot where tho uii.-archly tappings and other unfamiliar Mounds denoting the presence of an apparition are reported is a farmhouse near the village, standing back some. distance from tho high road. A Lincoln reporter, who visited in last month, found it occupied by a Mr. nud Mrs. Wilson and their servant nnn. When questioned Mrs. Wilson was at first very reluctant to make any statement, but subsequently narrated a rather remarkable story. According to this the Wilsons came to the place on Lady D iy last. The first night or so tiiey heard very strange noises about mid night as though a mysterious person was knocking at the doors and walls. Once it t-eemed as though eoruo one was hurriedly moving about all the furnituro downstairs. Another time tho noise was like a heavy picture falling from the wall; but in tho m irniug the inmates found everything as right us it was tho night before. Nevertheless the servant man left tho premises, saying he d arc not stop, and the Wilsons had to secure the services of another. About six weeks ago "something" was seen. One night Mrs. Wilson, heforo getting into bed, where her husband had already retired, thought she would go downstairs and , see if the cow was safe. She satisfied herself J that the animal was all right, and was at the foot of the stairs preparing to go up again when she saw an old man standing above her at the top and gazing directly at her. "Ho was standing,"said Mrs. Wilson, "as though he was very round-shouldered. How I got past I cannot 6ay, but I darted past him into the bedroom and Blammed the door. Even hero, however, I felt some one was behind me. I turned round sharply, and there again stood the satno old man. He quickly vanished, but I am quite certain 1 saw him. I have also seen him several times since, though not quite so distinctly." Alter recounting her strange experiences Mrs. Wilson conducted the reporter to tho sitting-room, where a gruesome discovery had been made. In one corner the floor, it ap peared, was very uneven, and here a day or two ago Mrs. Wilson took up the bricks with the intention of relaying them. No sooner had she done this, however, than a most dis agreeable odour was emitted. Her suspicions wore aroused. She called her husband, with whose assistance a minute examination of the place was commenced. With a stick three or four bones were soon turned over, together with a gold ring and several pieces of old Hack silk. All these had evidently been burled in quicklime, the bones and silk being obviously burnt therewith. The starch was not prosecuted further, but a quantity of sand was introduced, and the floor was quickly levelled again. . Here, accordingly, are all the elements of a last century romance. Pending further de velopments it ia interesting to note that Mrs. Wilson holds the'belief that at some time or other foul play must have taken place in the farmhouse she is living in. Dr. Gay, to whom the bones were submitted, stated, that they were undoubtedly human, but. he believed they would bo nearly 100 years old. 