Christian Endeavour Notes. [Specially Contributed.] [All Endeavour neivs to be addressed " Superintendent of tlie Press Department," care of the General Secretary. News must be forwarded early.] Motto for the vear—Psirim lx.'4 This is life—io P":rr <-,;j 1 love unitinted Good and evil aiinlilL-o blesseth lie. Through ynurtijiite U His infinite limited? Children of your Father must ye be. ,(T, LUCY LARCOK. tear not, for behold I brine you good tidings of great joy. which 'shall be to all people. 1 We thank God that the joV of Christ is a continuous joy, and in the hallowod memory of the Saviour's birth we trust that this Christmas may bo a season of "great jcv" to each Endeavor! rer. The wise men of the East presented unto Him gifts, gold and frankincense aud myrrh, aud 'so at this season we may I>reeenfc much unto .4im through others remembering that while our efforts, our actions our gifts are the outcome of the love " which is shed abroad in ouf- hearts by the Holy Ghost."'vet" by bestowing these upon tho poor, th>« weak, the suffering, the homeless, the friendless, theweary, thesick we are doing what He-would like to have us do; and in the great treasure-house of God's kingdom boyoiid the crave we are laying up for ourselves riches for haavon. The " Inasmuch as ye havo done it unto the least of thebo mv brethren ye have dono it unto Mo" will bo the blessed benediction bestowed upon each loving, sympathetic giver for Christ. Be ye doers! That is the chord of the divino toiler's life-song. "Go" and do ire tft-o of the smallest and yet tho most lieavily weighted of our English words, fraught with eternal results and freighted witn divine significance, we commend them to every Endeavourer, that caoh heart in tho steps taken end tho things done mav find this Christmas not "the zenith" but the highest) pinnacle yet reached in Christian love and Temember the "HoVGrall"- leper ia tho Not what we give, but what we share » For the giver without the gift is bare The Port Adelaide rally last Friday was a success. Mr; Loveday takes the place of Miss Norman as Secretarv, and may he havo an abundant blessing. The Rev. E. B. Turner succeeds the Ret. W, FJ James as President. Mr; James s services have been much appr ciatod. Mr Turner is zealous and earnest. Most of all he is.spiritual, and'it ia to be hoped more evangelistic efforts will be made through the district. It is a sin that no hall is engaged on the Sunday for bright music and -soul-inspiring -addresses,-and that the ! iem SI * not visited with tracts and Bi bias. 1 he Semaphore ought to have an Endeavour service on the beach: Here is an opportunity for tho Semaphore Baptists. Port Endeavourers with your responsibilities and opportunities' . . Throw'oiit the lifeline.Hhrow outtheiUeline Some one is drifting awav; ' Throw oat the lifeline, throw OBtthe lifeline, . Some one is sinking to-day. Archer-street, North Adelaide, and Church) of '•Christ, Norwood, were visited by the X resident and General Secretary last week. Both meetings were well attended, and earnest consideration was .given to the stirring remarks. Pastor Ranlone is alive to God's work.' With his band of Endeavourers all fired there is yet more a blessed ontlook tor the district in which he works. Houghton had a good meeting on Saturday night. ThO' Christian Endeavour missionary department has been, greatly Uewed thi» year. Regular missionary meetings haVe -been held in almost every Society, and Miss Tilly, of Hardwicke College, has been visiting the Societies in turn. At the Aroher-street Wesleyan Junior a meeting was held attended by soventy-four boys tend girls. A branpie from a missionary, filled with tinymodels, gave immense pleasure to the juvenile audience. • Other junior mission - -work ia flourishing. A great many boxes of.Christmas gifts have been sent to various stations, and we" ira sure Jill our members will pray that our friends on distant fields may have " A happy Christmas." ' The Junior Superintendents of the Southern Suburban Distriot Union me* at the residence of'the District Superintendent, Mm. A. H. Gault, Lower Mitcham, on Saturday, Decernbor 11\. A very ploasant and profitable afternoon was spent, talking over the junior work of the district. The Good- citizenship Committee, of the eame Union, held their firsi meetiug on Monday, December 13, in the Unley Wesleyan Church. Ten members were present. Mr. J. E. Robinson was elected Chairman; and the District Secretary, Mr. M. F. Culliford,' Secretary. A programme of visitation was drawn out, and it is hoped that SWry- Society in the Union vrill be Visited during the firat quarter of 1898. The-subject to be taken up for tbis quarter is •'The good citizen: his privileges and responsibilities." The Union work throughout is very encouraging. . ': . The North Adelaide Baptist Juniors, .fifty in number, held a demonstration on-December 7\. 'They carried out a programme of no less than thirty-six items. The pastor; Rev. E. H- Ellis, presided, and presented several prizes and badgfeg to the juniors for good oonduet and for missionary work. The children' had been carefully trained by Miss Kemp and' Mr. S. Bowering, who should be much eo^ coursged by the success of the gathering. Tlie Executive Committee of the Chris' tian Endeavour. Union' met" on Monday; Mr.. Sinelair presiding. The' anti-gambling pledge as recommended' by the oonferenoe of representatives of' the Christian EndeavourSunday-achoo'l Union and W. C. T. U. - was unanimously adopted. The two other UnioftS' are how awaiting tho decision of the Sunday-School Union/ Let no time be lost, as the -pledge is in demand. The Christian Endeavour executive appointed -the Revs. S. Lehtbn and W. G. Marsh, Sir. F. Johns and Mr. E. H. Baaney, convener, as a committee to prepare the notition which it is proposed to ' circulate for - signat'uro for the-repeal of the' Totalizator Aot. We are 'pleased- to notice that the; Y.M.C.A. Board of Management has appointed a committee to co-operate with representatives of our executive in this matter. Mr. A: Wi-Jones'wrote tendering bis resignation-as Superintendent of Good Citizenship owing to the state of his health. Of course the committee did not accept the resignation. The ' executive, expressed pleasure ~ at his being on tlie road to recovery, and appointed Mr. Arthur .R.- Urea as A*sistaUt Superintendent 'to' act with Mr. Jones. Mr. Urea's qualifications forthe position are Buch that good- citizenship work ought to advance greatly through his more active connection with it. A strong protest was entered against the action -of the Adelaide brewers in offering beer to charitable and State -institutions, -such- as-the- gaols and asylums. The Secretary was instructed to write to the Premier on the subject. . The quarterly rally- of the Adolaide District Union, held in the City Mission' Hall on Wednesday, was a lively and thoroughly satisfactory meeting. The Rev. H.J.Pope presided; and addresses wore delivered by the Rev. G. E. Wheatley, the President, 1 and tho General Secretary.- Mr. E. -Sanders, - the enthusiastic Secretary,- and his coadjutors are no doubt highly gratified Ut the Tesulta of the gathering. One outcome was- the decision of a large number of Endeavourers to enter upon the Endeavour-Crusade work, and they joined - their fellow-Endeavourers • from the eastern suburbs at Victoria Park on Sunday mornings and afternoons. Other Endeavouret* wake npi SOOTH AUSTRALIAN CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUH JJmox.' — At the monthly executive. meeting held, on Monday evening -tbe following resolutions were passed:— " That the Government be thanked by this Union for their earnest efforts towards -securing effective Sunday closing, and congratulated on their success with the Gambling BUI recently passed;" also—"That in conjunction with kindred Societies steps be taken to petition Parliament for the abolition of the Totalizator Act." 