QUI! TELEPHONE. Hello, Ezchanga ! Mr, La,urenq& Harnett, Serg«ant-at-Arms, please. Ri'toh I Hallo -T- Mr. Haraett ?,»?., About that bouquet I About that what? That bouquet I Now, look here, my boy, Tm not going to say a word about ib. When a fair lady is in the question I'm mum. Muui's the word, sir ! Not one whisper I But, wait a minute. It is a very ordinary inquiry as to an occurrence in the Assembly, where tho representatives of the people aro gathered together. The people want ta know, and have a right to know,, all that takes plaas there. Ah, that is in regard to tha formal Parlia mentary procedure. This affair of the bouquet was — er — informal. H4m ! Oh, then, tbero was an affair of a bouquet? Ah — h'ni.! — you see ? Perha-ps we had better tell you the facts as reported. A lady dropped a beautiful bouquet, with ribbons attached', from the gallery- on to tbo Premier's head, .Oh, no! Notion his head ! Athissida! Very wellv then. This was thought at first to bo accidental, but, seemingly, tha Premier grasped the situation — and the bouquet, for ha does n ot appear to have ordered its return. Yes ; but ? O11 the following; day, however, according to our veracioua luiorinaut, your eagle eye detooted something in the ladies' gallery that made your blood run cold. Now, now I Thus the informant. IE was made dear to you that tho incident of Tuesday \tgs not an accident, inasmuoh as there was a lady present, right above the Premier's head, with another bouquet decked with streamers, OJcactly iu tho form of that othor bouquet. It was a moment of imminent dangot* but you were'equal to it. With one bound — — — Just a moment, please. No heroics — no heroics ! This was the position. Tuarer waa Joe — I mean tho Speaker, of course — there was the Speaker looking, as stern as the beotling eraga of Kosouisco's Bummit— . . . 'Where the pine-clad ridjes raiso Their torn and rngfjed battlemenbS'On 'Where- the- air is clear ae orystal, and tlier white Bt.nrs fairly blaze At imdflfjjhb, ia tha cold and- frost? soy. 'Where ? But never mind that. Had tha bouquet fallen I don't know, what- lie mightn't have done Ordered the lady to- bo beheaded, perhaps ! Not so-bftd ttathat ; but ha doea believo in. maintaining the dignity of the House'. So ? You quickly mado your way to the ladies' gallery, interviewed the lady, with the result that she repented, hid the bouquet iu her mantle, ii ud. tha situation was. saved L mm. „ 1. A noble deed ! Was there no apphvuse ! What, in Parliament! Notahandl Why, it would never be permitted ! Well, consider it conferred now. Your promptitude no doubt saved the lady from, a rebuke that would hava been at least dis concerting. You're right ! But don't say a word about it. Not a syllable! We may, however, ask ' Bfcnjo '' to write a poem on ther incident- 1 You do. aud I'll ? Ting, ting. o o » Hello, Sunday Times ! Man on tho Oorner calls. Right 1 About that Tichbome case 1 Well, what about it? How will it finish ? That is a conundrum we cannot, answer., We. do hope, however, it will finish. Ah, that's it! Most people would like- to see the mystery settled once- for alL But how the juice can ib be settled if those who believe the patient Cresswell' to be Roger Tichborne aro not allowed to have a medioat inspection of their man? Come now I We give that up L It- seems- pretty strange to me, anyhow. How is thut ? Well, it dees appear that the authorities have a far more affectionate regard for Cress well than for tha other lunatics in their charge. You think so? I do that ! On the facts it is impossible to think anything else. Do you. mean to tell me that tho Government would go to law torptain an ordinary lunatic (without romantic or sensational association), if. application wero mado for his release and the required bonds wero entered into? We haven't ventured an opinion on tho subject. We don't know whether Cresswell, of Parramatta, is Tichborne, or Orton, or Cre8awell, or anyone else. Nor I j but what I've said I'll stick to. There's 110 denying, mind you——' Well, this case is only part heard, you know, so perhaps you had bottar postpone further remarks until it has quite oonoluded. Certainly, but in tho meantime? In tho meantime !— oh, go and havo a talk with Mr. Soott-Rosa. Happy thought! I will. I can t«U bim enough about this case to keep him for hours. And he oan tell you enough to- entertain you for weeks. Ting, ting. D C t) The Hon. G. H. Reid, Exchange. Oh, yea, certainly 1 But I eay — who waa she ? Who was who ? Yon know. The lady who threw the bouquet, of course. We asked you to give us Mr, Reid. Very well, but you might have told. All us girls aro just dying to know. There he is. Are you there, Air. Reid? Thanks, We. see that you have had a visit from your old friends, the unemployed. Yes ; I fear I have beeu but too indulgent to them. They really do try ono'sgood nature, you know, especially after all I havo done to make them jolly and fat. And yet they don't appear to get any jollier or any fatter. No ; it's unaccountable, too. I have prove.d over and over again by speeohos in tho House and outside that tho prosperity of tho country is increasing under my policy by leaps aud bounds, and yet these confounded fellows obstinately refuse to be prosperous. 'Sh, be careful — ' confounded fellowa-' won't look wall in print, you know. 'Sou will havo to keep the fear of M'Gowon and Co. before your eyes, Butldidn't intend thatremark for publics-, tion, so please to consider it withdrawn, and oubstituto .' unfortunato gentlemen. Right you are, but say, whY didn't you hand them over to Garrard? Well, to tell the truth, I thought I'd hetter not. You see Jacob occasionally makes in judicious remarks. Only the other day he put his foot iu it over that Bogan SQrub«cutting deputatiou, and, aftor all, thero'o no one in the Cabinet can lay on tho soft-sawder like myself, though I Bay it, who shouldn't. But the constant haunting of the unem ployed must bo a fearful trial to you. That is no name for it. They havo boon a perfeot nightmare, and avon haunt my dreams when I fall peacefully asleep in my place in Parliament. Sometimes when the mombers think I am only snoring I am really moaning | with terror at an apparition of the unem ployed. But you have got rid of tliem for a time. I. hope so — though candidly I should not be surprised if a deputation stowed itself away on board the steamer and demandod an iufcorviow directly we got outside thoHpada. And what about tho banquet? Koop quiet; for goodness sake don't put anything of that sort into thoir heads, or theyjwill be there like Banquo's ghost, and — look here — Yes !' If you hear anything of unemployed meet ings about tho end of August noxt, get tha police to smuggle me ashore like Butler. It would be the death of mo to meet a deputa tion on Circular Quay on my arrival. We will communicate your wishes to Mr. Fosbery. Thanks very muoh and au revoirt Ta, ta and Son voyage . Ting, tiug.-: 