AN AUSTRALIAN CIRL; OB VITHIN HER GRASP. BY MARY H. TENMYSON, Author o f : " The Mystery of HoHnleigh," " Love Will Find Out the Way Etc., etc. CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) f or half an hour 1 paced my room ex citedly from end to end, but still they did not send for me. At last I felt I could bear it no longer, and I went in search of Morris, whom I found wan- ilcvimr nimlesKlv about the hall, his ordinary calm, precise, face, flushed and anxious. "Is my uncle's friend with him, Mor ris?" I asked. "Yes, sir; he has been there for more than half an hour. I'm afraid that master will be over-doing it, and yet I daren't go in without being sent for. But there, lor' bless my heart, Mr Rex, you look as white as a ghost. What's the matter with you, sir?" "I don't know Morris," I answered. "I don't feel well. I am not in good con dition, I think, and the heat was ter ribly oppressive on the river to-day." "Ah," he said, nodding his head sym- patheticallv. "verv lilmlv it to ii.t t was afraid perhaps you might be feel ing lonely, and oult in the cold like; there's nothing makes a young cheek so white as a heartache. And," continued the old man, with natural tact, "if that had been so I would have taken the libe rty of saying, don't you fear, Mr Rex, master is constant and true. Once he takes you into his heart you remain there, unless you turn yoffrself out by .deceit or other wrongdoing." j I nodded my head to show my appre ciation of his kindness, but I dared not trust myself to speak nor to look him in. the face. I knew that my voice would falter, and that my eyes were full of tears. For the second time that day I had nearly broken down. "Whait will become of me," I thought, "if this weakness should increase?" Startled at the mere supposition, the hysterical inclination passed away for the time, and I managed to say, calm ly enough: "If I had something to do, I should feel better, no doubt, Morris, but Sir Robert wishes me to stay at home, and I am too restless to settle down to reading." | "And very natural, too, Mr Rex; read ing is poor work after all; I don't hold with too much of it, but what do you say to going into the music room a bit? We could light up there in a minute." I felt that it would be the very thing of all others I should like at that moment; for in all moods I could find relief and consolation- in music, but I answered hesitatingly. "They would hear me, Morris. I Should be interrupting them." "No you wouldn't, not the least in the world, Mr Rex," the old man answered promptly; "you can't hear a note from the music-room where master is." I knew I could trust him, so I made no further demur, and when they had light ed three or four of the lamps I dismissed the servants, and taking my guitar, commenced at once to pour out my troubles and grievous doubts and fears through the medium of my saddest and most plaintive melodies. As I lifted up my voice the heavy bur den which lay upon me seemed to grow lighter, and at length a strange warmth began to creep inito my heart. How long I sang I know not, but very soon misty visions conjured up by the power of music, came between me and the realities by which I was surrounded. I was no longer playing a part, I was myself, Margery Howard, and round me were grouped all those I had ever loved Then a curious tiling happened, I did it unconsciously at the time, but I am aware of what I did now. ! So thoroughly had the music taken possession of my soul that I closed my eyes, and ehaunted my own thoughts in a weird musical rhythm. "Mother! Lucy! you are there! you are there! Stay with me a little lon ger; lay your cool hands upon my brow and press your lips to mine. Oh, let me lean my head upon your breast, mother, for there alone shall I find peace and rest. I am starving for your love. John, John, why do you stand aloof? Have you no word for me, not one, and my heart is so sad and lonely?" But all at once my ehaunt ceased, and I sat motionless and breathless, gazing straight in front of me. I dared not lift my eyes, for an awful dread had seized upon me. The very air seemed full of home; had the spirits I had invoked come to me in very truth? Wiping the dews from my forehead, at last I forced myself to turn my head. Then with a_stifled shriek I flung my arms wildly in the air, and dropped fainting upon the floor. In the centre of the room, with both hands outstretched towards me, and his face quivering with emotion, stood John Murray! CHAPTER XXIII. My swoon could not have lasted a min ute. Almost Immediately I became aware that my head was supported on someone's knee, and that this person was trying to unfasten my stiff linen col lar. With a desperate effort I sprang to my fee't, and still half dazed .shrank away from John, crying piteously. "Don't touch me. Oh, John, if you have any mercy don't look at me! Let me creep away and hide myself. If I had thought that we should meet I would not have done it, I would have died sooner. John, have pity on me. You cannot hate me so much as I hate my self, but it was not for my own profit I did It, it was for them. The tempta tion was too great for me. Oh, for give me, forgive me. If you take your love from me my heart will break-" In an. agony I flung myself on my knees before him and hid my face; foi the time, in my overwhelming humilia tion, I had forgotten everything; but in another instant I awakened to the full horror of what I had done. One weak moment had shattered the edifice built up with so much pain and sorrow. "What will he say to me," I thought, with a shudder, "will he spurn me from him in his righteous indignation and dis gust?" If he had done so, I believe I should have died then and there; but instead, after 'a momentary pause, John laid his hands gently on my shoulder, and said, in tones which trembled with emo tion : " Rex, dear friend, you are blaming yourself without cause. Far from think ing badly of you, I admire and honor you, knowing you so well. You need not tell me that what you have done has been done for others. You have sacri ficed home, and love, and everything that makes life worth having, and you fancy because you are the Innocent cause of my disinheritance, that I shall lay it at your door. Why, I should be unworthy of the happiness, wliich«one day, please God, I shall compass, if I could harbor such a thought for an in stant" Taking courage, I lifted my eyes timid ly to his, and then with a sigh, and a sense of blank unreasoning disappoint ment, I rose to my feet, and stood facing him. My worst fears were quieted. There was no suspicion of the truth in John's kindly frank eyes, hut where was the lover-like warmth which used to shine from them, and which filled me with a strange bewildering happiness? "Gone, gone for ever!" I murmured inaudibly, as, motioning him to follow me, I led the way to one of the window esa.ts, "gone like my innocence, gone like all my hopes in this world!" Seeing that I was still terribly dis composed, John did his best to give me confidence by selecting topics of conver sation which were not of too agitating- a nature. He told me of his astonish ment when he found the nephew Sir Robert had adopted was his dear friend Rex. He had always known, he said, that my parents came from the old country, but Howard, not being an un common name, he had never associated us with the old baronet; and then he re minded me of his reticence about liis own past. "It seems almost' as if fate h3d ar ranged that this should come about, Rex does it not?" he said cheerily; "there fore, if we blame anyone we must blame fate. If I had told you the name of the man who I believed had cast me off so heartlessly, the chances are, with your delicate sense of honor, you would have declined your uncle's offer." I tried to smile, but I could not do it; nor could I shake off for a moment the dreadful weight of shame under which I labored. It seemed to me as if a great crash had come, followed by a cruel glare of light, which laid bare before me all the black spots in my soul, and in this awful light I trembled with a sickening horror of my self. Before this, according to my own distorted views, I had simply been act ing a deceitful part, and moreover my deception had appeared to me quite pardonable. "R is our rights that I am struggling ivii i CvuiiuUcuiy rcpviiivU w nij DCHI cannot surely be blamed for taking this means of saving my darling sister's life, and I injure no one, for the heir to the baronetcy is already very wealthy." But now for the first time I recognised plainly the fallacy of such arguments, and my conduct appeared to me perfect ly inexcusable. Then again, my disguise, which hitherto had not been a serious difficulty to me— I presume because my early bringing up and inclinations had been of such an entirely boyish order— in these new circumstances became utterly haiteful to me. Under my lover's eyes my feelings on this subject underwent a sudden and terrible change, and his unconscious glance seemed to scorch and bum me until I could have shrieked aloud in my misery. Nor was it alone my fraudulent scheme which tortured me; every time John called me by my dead brother's name, my heart was riven within me- Such an awful mockery it seemed, to hear him and to know all the while that my darling lay cold within the grave. John's voice, associated as it was with everything I held dear, seemed to probe afresh the wound I had suffered when Rex died, and my agony becoming un endurable, at last I faltered: "John, I know my reception of you must seem very strange; but I have not been well for a few days, and your com ing has upset me altogether. In time I may reconcile myself to our position, but at present I am overwhelmed. Leave me to myself now; I feel utterly unnerved-" "Rex!" he cried, "T cannot go yet ; don't ask me. I cannot go without hear ing of her. I was waiting for you to re cover yourself. Rex, how is my darling? How is Margery; tell me everything." He spoke so tenderly, oh, so tenderly! My eyes filled with tears, tears of piiy for myself. "Poor wretch!" I cried inwardly; "your heart is craving for love! Here is Jove, earnest, passionate love, and you must thrust it from you." "Tell me, Rex!" he implored; "what did she think of me when I left her ? Even now I can see her sweet, startled eyes, and feel the clinging of her fin. gers. What does she say of me tell me?" "I know nothing of Margery," I an swered brokenly. "Do you not under stand ? It is part of my compact with Sir Robert that I should neither write nor receive letters from home." With an impulsive action he seized my cold hand and squeezed it hard. "I had forgotten." Then in warm sympathy lie -went on, "No wonder you find it difficult to cnnalr r>f iiuim fiir "Robert has been cruel in that; and what must it be to them, to your mother and Margery? My Margery worships you, Rex- Sometimes I have been almost jealous of you." "Oh .merciful heaven!" I thought, turning away, "I cannot hear this; he (tears my heart with every word." John sat quiet tor a minute, and then he continued, "It must be terrible to those dear lov ing souls not to hear anything of you, If I only dared write." With a start of dismay I clutched his hand, but I could think of nothing to say, and he went on, "But I can't, now, more than ever. I must adhere to my original resolution." "What do you mean?" I faltered. "Don't you see, Rex," he said, sadly, "Margery's position and mine are veiy different, now. If I thought it incum bent on me before to withdraw myself from her life until I saw the prospect of being able to ask her to be my wife, how much more imperative is it now? Mar gery will be a rich woman in a few months, for I know what you will do when you get the money, while I have still my way to make. Surely if I hesi tated to speak when she was poor, it would be dastardly of me to do so now." What I suffered when I compelled myself to appear to see reason in these remarks of his, nobody can imagine. It would have ruined me entirely if he had written, but even now the recollec tion of his involuntary ..sigh of disap- I Ma « I ' JU — & 3 tl'l mm a _ p0iQtiR6Qt tteiy i BuuCrySl f f1."9' r/aU ment to pass ujmhalleiYged,- . in my mind with qicjst vivid distinct ness." | ! Ub£& \ "The punishifient for ' m'y' ''ctlmg finding me out,'-' L-Jl) ought. liged to heap obstaoiesY in -thepatjj/of my own happiness. he think of me?" At length, to my unutterable relief, John rose to go. "We shall not meet again until I come to Beckworth, Rex," he said, I looked at him enquiringly. "Sir Robert has asked me to join you there," he continued, "and when I have arranged some rather important busi ness I shall follow you. I should have declined his invitation ' if it had not been for your being there. For I leave England in a few weeks." It would be hard to say how this news affected me; to lose John now thai I had found him again, even, though I was a comparative stranger to his heart, was agony to me, and yet I could not deny that his absence would be a relief, and I experienced a dreary sense of comfort in the knowledge that my present time of purgatory would not be long drawn out. Somewhat strengthened by these re flections, I was able to show a calm interest in John's affairs, and he in formed me he had almost concluded an engagement with a well-known firm of engineers, wlio had just patented a new invention, which it would he his work to try and push in various loreign countries, nis extensive Know ledge of languages had obtained him this appointment, which was very re munerative for the present, and opened out good prospects for the future. "Altogether, Rex," he said, cheer fully, "I am well contented with my look-out; the work will he hard, and I shall have to rough it, but the life will suit me; I have always had a taste for travel and adventure, and the spice of danger in it only makes it more attrac tive." "Danger," I cried, starting. "Well, yes," he replied, with a laugh; "I don't mind admitting to you, Rex, that there is a distinct element of dan ger about my undertaking, though if I were speaking to. your mother or my darling I should deny it emphatically. My work will lie principally in Spain and the southern parts of America, and as I hear there is a prejudice against this invention over there, there is a possibility I may get my quietus from some of the fiery-tempered gentlemen of those parts, rxowever, the danger is fully taken, into consideration in my salary, and I am hound under my cir cumstances to accept it. Without means, you know, or very special tal ents, it is so awfully difficult to make a start." I hung my head, and turned away with a shudder. Through my fault he was going to death perhaps, and I would gladly hav# given my life for his. Seeing my distress he put bis arm round my shoulder, and said affection ately— "Forgive me, dear old fellow, for speaking of my want of means to you. It slipped out in spite of me. Don't you trouble yourself for me, Rex; I feel confident of success in this affair, and if I do succeed there is a bright future before me. Before the three years are out, I have good reason to expect this engineering lirm will let me become a junior partner on very easy terms." "If, on ilie other hand," he continued gravely, "I am mistaken, and luck should turn against me, then I consider that a sudden death would be a merci ful ending, for unless I can do so honorably I will never ask your sister to marry me, and life without her would be unendurable." With no further delay he left me, and then bidding Morris excuse me to my uncle, who I learn had fallen asleep, tired out with pleasurable excitement, I went straight to my room. The night was hot and oppressive, and scarcely a breath of air seemed stirring. Laying my weary head upon the pil low, I closed my eyes. ' ' T mill rdAAn Y vvrill -I A fhlnlp ! ! T A liiii A trill lift LiiliiAi A IJJVil mured. "I must forget my troubles, or I shall go mad!" But it would not do; all night long I tossed and turned, my eyes burning in my head, and my lips cracked and parched with fever. "I am going to be ill," I panted. "Oh, heaven help me, what will become of me now?" Trembling from head to foot, I tot tered from my bed to a great chair which stood near the window ; and then I flung myself down upon my knees, and burst into a hysterical par oxysm of tears. The great choking sobs seemed tef tear me to pieces, but in some sense they brought me relief. Then I tried to prey, but in vain, when I would have lifted my heart in supplication, an awful mocking spirit seemed to stand by my side and taunt me. "What are you praying for, Mar gery?" it said, while loathing myself I crouched by the chair, and buried my burning cheeks in my arms, "what are you praying for? Are you praying that the Almighty may assist you to pursue a course of vile unwomanly de ception? Henceforward your life will be one continual torture to you. The man you love and respect has been a witness to your degradation. How can you face your lover's eyes when he hears the truth? If you pray at all, rather pray for death." "No, no," I cried in agony, "not tnatv I will not die yet. I must go through for nothing; mother and Lucy shall reap the benefit of my wickedness, and then I care not what happens." Utterly worn out, I gradually sank into a sitting posture by the side of the chair, and then I laid my aching head against its soft cushions. The dim, peaceful, morning light was already stealing into the room, and a cool refreshing breeze began to stir the leaves of the plants. "Violent fires soon burn out themselves." The tempest of my grief and shame wan over for the time, and by and bye my, heavy eyelids drooped, and with the twittering of birds in my ears, and the scent of the awakening flowers in my, nostrils, I fell into a fitful, disturbed, sleep, which lasted until Morris's knock at the outer door aroused me to consciousness. Stiff and unrefreshed, I rose to my feet. "Oh, that I had never waked!" I moaned, and then walking to the look ing-glass I regarded myself steadfastly. Where was my healthy color, and where my bright eyes? Wan and hag gard I stared at my reflection; I seemed to have aged ten years in one night. "Poor creature!" I murmured, "poor, unhappy creature! You have dug the pit beneath your own feet, yours is all the blame. Submit to your punishment it is well deserved." CHAPTER XXIV. jjUCKiiy lor me, oir xiuoerL was too self-absorbed to take any especial no tice of my depressed and languid state, He was himself feeling the severe effects of the excitement he had passed through, and he attributed my condition to ths same cause. "If the shock has been too much for you, Rex," he said, "No wonder it has bowled me over. What a queer thing that Jack should have knocked up. against you at the Other end of tha world. He didn't speak to your father." "I only knew him intimately after mjj father's death," I responded. "Well, he's a capital fellow, and tha more you see of him the more you'll Ilka him. Ah, dear me, I am done up alto gether," he continued, languidly. "Wis shall both be the better for country ale and quiet. By-the- bye, you'll reap tha benefit now of having refused a valet, Morris has his hands full with my pack ing, so that you must look after you£ own." Thankful for occupation of any klndi I set about my task at once, and the real hard work of strapping and dragging trunks about, by distracting my thoughts, did me good and raised my spirits. When at last all was finished, I sat down to rest and cool for a moment. " Perhaps Sir Robert Is right," I thought to myself. "If my health had not been weakened by my unwonted round of gaiety and late hours, I might be able to see a rift in the clouds. Change of air and scene may bring some hope to me." . But here again the tormenting spirit of the night, jogged me by the elbow.and whispered, "How can any change bring comfort to you, Margery? You cannot undo the past. You reckoned upon telling John the truth when an interval of years Bhculd have rendered your exploit a dim and misty recollection, but how can you soften things to him now? Your lover has looked upon you in your humilia tion. Can you hope that he will not shrink from you in disgust?" And then, for the first time, a new fear came upon me. , How, if, after all, my mother should refuse to accept the price of my shame. It is strange that this doubt should not have- occurred to n» before, for I was perfectly aware that my mother would never have consented to my wild 'undertaking In the original instance; but 1 had been blinded by her absorbing love fnr T.nev. and regarding that as para- mount to all other considerations, the no tion that she might refuse to allow the child to benefit by my grievous error jever entered my mind. The sight of my lover, however, had jndermined my confidence altogether, ind it now appeared possible to me that a still greater trial than any I had yet known was in store for me. The idea that my mother might spurn the money obtained by such unworthy means, pre ferring that her darling should die rather Uian suffer the contamination of sharing sven indirectly in my guilt, was so over whelming that I grew faint at the thought, and wringing my hands, I :ried, "It is too late, I must not think of that now; she shail take it, she shall take it; I will go down 011 my knees to her, she would never sign Lucy's death wan- ant, and yet—" I began to tremble, but still I thrust the doubt from me, and continued fever ishly: "Part of it is our own, she has said to herself, slie shall take it. I swear she shall." "Whether, having faced the worst, which was the renunciation of all my hopes, where John was concerned — I gained strength, or whether the three or four quiet, lazy days which succeeded our arrival at Beckworth really effected any material benefit to my health, I can- 1 .not say, hut one thing is certain, by the j time John joined us, although I still suf fered acutely In his presence, I contrived to appear outwardly calm and composed. In my anxious state of perturbation . the life at Beckworth seemed to contrast delightfully with the feverish rush and glitter of my town experiences. Beckworth Is situated in the heart of Bedfordshire, and is six miles from any important town or railway station; the place is not popular either with tourists or artists, being difficult of access, and having no particular object of interest in its immediate locality, and Sir Robert »nd the Colonel were considerably as tonished at my pleasure in what appear- 6d to them very ordinary rural prettS- aess, until I reminded them that this was my first introduction to English country scenery. I have no doubt they were right, and that there are scores of villages in Eng land to which Beckworth cannot com pare In point of beauty, but all the same I thought It a gem, nestling in its valley Willi H«s hfiltVkltnff IHHck vlvnr i4c waaiIa hills, and Its old tumbled-down cottages covered with creeping roses, and sweet- smelling jasmine and clematis. Sir Robert's home, Beckworth Hall, stood in its own grounds— which, how ever, were scarcely extensive enough to be dignified by the title of park — about half a mile from the village. It was not by any means beautiful In architecture, and had been rebuilt, after a fire in the early part of the century, by the sixth baronet, Sir George, who, having run through a large portion of his fortune, could not afford to re- erect the house on Its former scale of grandeur; indeed, in order to set it up at all. most of the land adjoining had to be disposed of, only a small farm, .which yielded little more than sufficient for home consumption, and a few acres of pleasure ground, re maining. (To be_ continued.) 