Bowser's Troubles.. How the Worm Turned and Sur prised Hr. Bowser. . Dinner had been difposed of and the Bow sers were seated in the back parlour. Jdr. Bowser had come home with a tvritch in his eyes and a hump to his bach, which meant He had intended to find fault with the dinner, hot it was so good that he couldn't eay a word. He was fishing for something, howeTer, and by-aud-by he found it. He noticed a stain on the carpel, and exclaimed:— • "So the whole bonse is going to ruin for ihe want of proper attention 2 No matter i how much I buy you manage to destroy it 1" j "fyh&t;'a the matter now FT1 asked Mrs. Bowser, as she turned on him. "The matter is thai yon honied up the ink bottle and poured the contents on this new carpet 1 Look at that spot OTer there! Nice sight to greet the eyes of a husband, isn'tit?" "This carpet is three years old, Mr. Bow ser, and that stain has been there for two years. Ton made it yourself by upsetting a bottle of hair dye, and though I nave used everything I could think of I hare been unable | to take it out." : "What! what! Ton talk that way to me!" I he ohouted as he sprang up. " Woman, I! permit—" ! . " Sit down!" commanded Mrs. Bowser, as I she pointed at him. '* Now, then, I want to | hare a little talk with you. Ton are dis satisfied as to the way this house is run." " Yes, I am dissatisfied," replied Mr. Bow ser, as he sat down in surprise. "Then why don't yon leave it? There is so rope around yon—no reason why you jshonld stay here and fed yourself a martyr." j "You—ron are talking to me?" "I'm talking straight at you, sir! Every, week or bo yon raise a row about your shirts, collars, and socks. I want you to stop such conduct. If you don't I'll gather them all up end pitch them cut of the window!" "This—this is Mr*. Bowser!" he gasped as he rubbed his eyes and stared at her. "This is Mrs. Bowser, 6ir—wife to Mr. Bowser, the biggest crank in America ! She I has put up with your nagging just as long as •he can. If there is any more of it you will hear something drop. There arc a few little things I want to speak about. You always find fault with the gas bill, no matter whether it's more or less. You either quit that or we'll turn to tallow candle*. Idon't inhale the gas or give it away to beggars V* "SayI" said Mr. Bowser, as.he looked around the room to see if he was in his own house—" aay, I—I " "And the coal," she continued, as she waved him to silence, " Coal is so much per ton. "We burn about so much per month. I don't eat it nor trade it off for caramels, and yet you raise a row every two or three weeks about the coal bill. If I hear another word from you is winter I'll put out every fire and turn this house into a cold storage estab lishment." That was Mrs. Bowser sitting there before him—the same Mrs. Bowser whom he had bulldozed and browbeaten for years and years, and she was now talking to him in that fashion. It was the same woman, sore enough, hut he looked at her as one in a dream, and her words seemed to come from far away. I hny the meat and groceries," she con tinued, "and I buy as economically as I can. I save at least 15 per cent more than jou could, and yet yon are always finding fault. I. am tired of it. You cither cease to talk or I cease to buy ! You are also constantly meddling with the kitchen help, and thereby usurping my anthority. If you think yon can run the kitchen, then stay home and do The best girl I've had for a year left yesterday because you were always poking your nose in tho kitchen." "P—poke—pokingmy nose murmured Mr. Bowser as ho grew white around the month. That's what I said. You thought your self a philanthropist when you sneaked down and said it was too bad she had to work for a living, but she called you a bald headed old meddler." She called—she called me that, did she : "Why, the—the-r-"" "And here's another things Mr. Bowser; you come home and want to plav cards to pass away the evening. We sit down to play, and because £ beat you three or four straight games you get mad and kick things about and wish you had spent the evening at the club. I don't know where your club is, or what it is like, but anytime you prefer it to xny society don't hesitate ou toy account! As a matter of fact, you hardly know one card from another, and should take lewons from me for tvro or three months. However, as I shall never play with you again, it's a matter of indifference." Mr. Bowser rose up and gasped. Then he sat down and cbokod. Mrs. Bowser could see his Hps moving, but no sound came from them. "And you talk about my extravagance in clothes," she suid as she looked brm up and down. " Yes, that's a pet hobby of yours, and yet you know you spend more for cock tails than I do for gloves—more for cigars than I do for shoes—more for worthless patent medicines than I do for dresses. There isn't a hnshand in the State earning 30 dollars i per week whose wife does not dress like a queen compared to me. You hare got to stop throwing away money and turn it over to mo to dress on." Woman—w-o-m-a-n—I" Mr. Bowser managed to gasp, but she pointed her finger and said:— " Once in a great while you open your heart and give ine a dollar for pin money, but you expect it to last me for three months. I want a change right here and now. I want a weekly allowance, and a liberal one at that. You amply drink fewer cocktails and smoke fewer cigars and I'll take the money. It's a favourite theory of yours that no woman can be trusted with money, but if-1 can't make 75 cents go further than your dollar I'll be willing to mend my own shoes." Mr. Bowser was now as pale as a ghost, and his chin was trembling as if he had a chill, but Mrs. Bowser calmly went on :— " There's another thing — your patent medicines. Any humbug of a man can make jou believe jour liver is as big as a bale of cotton, your gall bursted, your lungs full of nails and splinters, and your kidneys turned to chalk. You buy whatever he has to sell and come home to dose and mope. To-day I flung out about a hundred bottles of your stuff, and I warn you not to bring another into this house. You come home occasionally to find me down with a headache. At such times you fly mad and knock things about and talk about doctor's bills and all that. Now and then you come home .with a head ache and everybody must step softly and wait upon you and give you sympathy. If it cost 50 dollars you'd buve the doctor. I don't want another word of fault finding about my headaches 1" Mr. Bowser got up to walk about, but his knees wobbled so that he had to eit down again. ""There's another thing, while we are talk ing matters over. Whenever you get mad at mc you talk about divorce, alimony and all that. If you want a divorce from me, go and file your application, and I won't contest it. I'm young enough and good looking enough to find another husband in a year or two, and I'll take care be isn't a crank. As to alimony, i I've helped you to make all you have, and Ij shall want half of it. If there's a separation' one of us will hare to leave the house, and it won't be me, Hr. Bowser! I think this is about all. I nra now goings up to my room, and should anyone call you will say I am not at home. Should you wish to talk with me on any subject we hare missed, just come up stairs and give three raps on the door, but I think we have gone into matters pretty thoroughly." She vanished np stairs, and then Mr. Bow- j ser sat with his head in his hands audi thought and pondered for the next half hour, i He couldn't mako it out, try as ho would, j and when Mrs. ■ Bowser came downstairs at: midnight she found him asleep on the Jounge and a tear in the corner of either eye.—Kcw Ihri Serald. 