CJRRENT NOTES. A medical witness in a recent case in which * doctor figured as defendant admitted under cross-examination that there exists in Melbourne an association of medical men the object of which is to provide for the defence of members of the profession who might be called upon to fight a charge in the law courts. This admission excites no surprise, the existence of such an association beingja well-known matter,but as the fact is now before the people, a few reflections excited by Prof. H. B. Allen's confession are of interest. Firstly, the public would like to kaow how many of the medical men of Melbourne are members of the Medical Defence Association. No doubt, all, or, at least, a very large majority of the better known doctors are in the society, its benefits being bo obvious and so valuable from the point of view of the profession. We do not question the intentions of this defence force—they are strictly honourable, of course ; but the probability of unintentional bias is very strong, *nd it is fair to assume that the sympathies and prejudices of such an association would be all on the side of the medical defendant. Two o! 4 trade never agree is an axiom that does'not apply now-a-days when the members of a pro- ' cssion agree with truly marvellous unanimity when the interests of the profession are at stake. * * * * How would the fair administration of justice be affected by the operations of a Medical etence Association ? is a question that appeals to the lay-mind, and the lay-mind is quite certain that the layman'6 chance of justice would not be helped thereby; indeed,^ the opinion of John Smith, who is the man in the street, is that in certain cases against doctors chances, however fair his claim might . » would be exceedingly poor. It usually lappens that when a man proceeds against a doctor for damages for malpractice his case depends entirely upon professional evidence ; he can only prove he has suffered wrong at the hands of one doctor by bringina other doctors into the witness-box. flow rosy his chance must aj pear whtn he finds all the professional men to be members of the Medical Defence Association, and practically allied against him ! What would John Smith do under such circumstances if he were a commonsense man ? He would swear a prayer or two, md back down as gracefully as circumstances would permit. It is not necessary to assume that the members of the M.D.A. would swear falsely on behalf of their professional brother but they are banded together for a certain purpose, and all their sympathies are bent in the one direction, so that if any possible, probable manner of doubt existed it would not be difficult to guess who would get the benefit of it. New Zealand intends establishing State fire insurance, and as there is a strong public feeling here in favour of the same departure, the friends of private enterprise are seriously' disturbed, and are casting about with the energy of despair to discover wajs and means of discrediting the socialistic system of assurance. "With this end in view they have made much of the recent big fire in Melbourne, ingeniously manipulating figures and probabilities in order to show that 6uch a catastrophe would buckle up a State insurance system, and leave the Government no option but to rush off in pursuit of the British' investor in order to raise the means of paying the piper. This is bunkum, and probably deceives those who propound it no more than it does the average citizen who has at least business knowledge enough to satisfy him that no sane G ivernment would set up a wild-cat system of insurance, founded on nothing, and trusting to luck and the possibility of shifting the responsibility of losses on to the shoulders of posterity in the shape of further loans. The New Zealand Government is no longer a bogie wherewith to scare Victorian electors. Ultra-toryism at one time laughed uproariously at everything in the shape of a political idea hailing from Maoriland, but it does so no longer, for in spite of errors and failures and occasional extravagances New Zealand has established a deal of useful practical legislation of a kind that may be copied with advantage, and, moreover, the M.L. Government has succeeded in the one way that appeals to oldfashioned Conservatism and shuts up the backdate scoffer—it makes the thing pay. Life assurance has been a success in the hands of the State in Maoriland. It pays, and the people are more that) satisfied. Why then should not the same success wait upon a system of State fire insurance 1 Anyhow, the people want it, and they have in Premier Seddon a strong man and a man who may blunder, but who at least is never scared by turnip ghosts, and he will give it to the country. We do not presume to say that the New Zealand system is the best,possible, but the real point is in the query, is it bo far superior to the existing system to justify the change 1 No one expects the shareholders in insurance companies to answer " yes " to this, but the verdict of the people would be emphatically in the affirmative. * * # * It U complained that as a consequence of the big metiopolitan ure some of the societies here that paid 15 per cant. last year will only be able to pay 7 this. Seven per cent, is not so deplorable a profit these tough times as to inspire very deep sympathy for those distressed shareholders in the public bosom. Seven per cent, would be considered a very high profit for the Government institution, which, by-the-way, would never water its stock. When private companies are talking about their paltry seven percent, profits, they are d screetly silent on these liltle schemes of irrigation in connection with stock. How absurd it is n deal with the business aspect of this one fire, ana hang it out as an awful example ! A fair idet of the position of the companies would be aiven by a compilation of the business of a decade, giving the guod with the bad over the ten years. The companies have raised their rates, too, since the realisation of the 15 per cent. p«-ofite. That was a most unwise act, considering the state of public opinion at the time, and it has been highly influenzal in killing the prejud css of the business-men against State intervention, ; at least, in so far as fire insurance is concerned. However, Sir George Turner has developed into the tired man of Australian politics, and without the municipalities lake the matter up fire insurance business is not likely to be socialised in Victoria yet awhile. JoiifiE a'Beckktt, in his recent remarks on the moral and legal culpability of a prisoner charged under the Crimes Act, was quite in sympathy with the opinions Punch has often expressed in commenting on this ticklish question. The prisoner before His Honour was a boy of 18 ; the girl was under the statutory age, but confessedly a girl " who did," a girl with a past, and one to whom any act of the prisoner's was no wrong if regarded in the true spirit of the law. The law was designed to protect innocent young girls, not to enable vicious oueB, young in years but old in wickedness, to victimise mere youths whom they had decoyed into the very illegality attested against them. In this case the girl practically admitted her own culpability ; she it was who suggested to the prisoner the idea of their living together, and it was evident that, despite her short fourteen years, her precocity and experience made her the youth's waster in what are pessimistically called the ways of the world. The people who instigated the Crimes Act, ana who would have it carried out in strict accordance with the simple letter of the law, cannot see the terrible injustice that would be done in inflicting a long term of imprisonment on a boy who, in all probability, is the real rpnnocent; but the view these people take of human nature practically ppts them out of court, and it is a matter for sincere congratulation that our judges are not similarly tainted with the'prejudice of unreasoning bigotry, and that the class in (juestion is too small to make itself fell on the juries. # * • # The jury that tried the prisoner to whom we allude earnestly recommended him to inercy on the grounds stated above, and His Honour Judge A'Becketb in passing a nominal sentence was bold and dirt ct in defence of the lad's character. The Judge pointed out that the temptation had been offered by the girl, and it was absurd to regard the prisoner a seducer. The sentence passed » as one month in Castlemaine gaol, and His Honour said: "There is no reason whatever why prisoner should not lead a respectable life after his release. There is nothing in the sentence to justify any person in associating him with the criminal classes. . . . 1 consider the youth has broken a law which must be enforced, and which in certain cases haB most beneficial results, but as to whether it has operated beneficially in this particular case opinions may differ very much." Evidently Justice A'Beckett inflicted even the small punishment imposed with very great reluctance. He practically says the prisoner haB done no wrong apart from the personal moral aspect of the case, and most people will think that His Honour would have done justice to bi6 own feelings and the merits of the case had he followed the example set by a brother judge, and liberated the youth to come up for sentence when called upon. Judge Bra m well has left on record his contempt for the "amiable imbecility of lawmakers who take the part of women against men," ivhereap Bramwell's judicial experience taught him that it was the men who should be protected. Punch would extend all fair and chivalrous protection to women, but would never forget the truth underlying Baron Bramwell's utterance, which recognises that women shared in the general fall, and are capable of any viciousness that slurs common human nature. The City Council in considering the lease of the City Baths the other day seized the opportunity to express its opinion in reference to the bathing accommodation in Melbourne, and as one Councillor after another arose to urge the necessity of the municipality providing many more public bathing places on a scale worthy of the metropolis, Punch rejoiced muchly to find ho had not been scattering seed on barren ground. Cr. Jeffries was sure no work would pay the Council better than the erection of modern baths in the centre of the city, and is probably correct in his opinion. The returns from existing baths are absolutely no criterion, since really fine baths would create their own cusioniers. Thousands who would not go near public baths offering poor accommodatioif would flock to a fine establishment constructed on modern methods and run in a liberal and business-like manner. If the sight of means to do ill deeds makes ill deeds done, so does the sight of means to do good deeds make good deeds done, and baths that would be at once a pleasure resort and a sanitary institution would raw in thousands who now content themselves with the tub, and be another profit-making oncern on the Council's little list. * * * • But Punch still plumps for great public baths at Brighton Beach. This is a matter apart from the City Council's business of course ; it is a eclieme with which the Railway Department and the Brightou Council should concern themselves. <nehas only to seethe enormous crowds attracted to the 6ands on a hot night to receive a fair idea of the financial possibilities of great baths there, well appointed, lighted with electricity, and taking in many acres of water surface. If our municipalities were represented by men of the stamp of the Glasgow councillors, a scheme like this would not long be neglected. Glasgow runB baths, trams, steamboats, wash-houses, electric lighting, gas works, etc., etc., and runs them with such excellent ^method that the people are provided much more cheaply than when private enterprise Iruled, and the Council itself reaps such large profits that rating in the city hai become a matter of no concern. The Brighton Council has made a success of the small baths at Middle Brighton, and although it has not the means to work upon that the Glasgow Council had, it might try its hand on the bigger roject, with the idea of securing the co-operation of the Government or the Railway Department in the establishment of an institution that ould be a bfjon to the people at large and a ource of profit to Brighton and to the railways. How we encourage art. Longstaff's "Breaking the News" is allowed to be sold out of the country as a matter of the supremest indifference, and Quinn's " Too Lite," an exceedingly clever picture, goes humbly begging for a buyer in vain. In the latter case the young artist, being about to travel, was>particularly anxious to dispose of his paintiug, and, as a last resource, wrote to the trustees of the Bendigol gallery, offering them the privilege of exhibiting the picture for a couple of years. The reply was most gratifying : " Pay for the cairiage of the picture to Bendigo and we will take it in." That is the munificent manner in which art is encouraged in this country. Surely it would be a wise thing oa the part of the trustees of the National Gallery to purchase and keep these scholarship pictures. A gallery of these paintings would be of great historical and educational value in the course of few years. On the whole they are better , rt, too, than much of the stuff purchased broad by the unpatriotic and unsympathetic uthorities. 