SPORTING NEWS Turf. Weights for theCaulfield and Melbourne Cups wil) appear ou Monday next. Croiuorno, instead of being spelled at Table Top, is to bo kept up and given anither chance. IVatnp carried 01 b overweight when bp 'won the Queeu's Stakes at Randwick ou Tuesday. Cosh as well as crodit wagering is still in full s\ving oa Sydney course*, despite all the fines. ; ."*? ~ Mr Alexander; Brown, who raced as "J, Baronet" tor many years past, died at New. castle on Monday. Ho bad beou ailing for, somemonths< ?From Perth, it is reported that Tom Payten's brother iutends to take Paul Pry over; to Victoria, but it is hardly likely that ho can improve sufficiently for him to 'have.any.chance ttiero. \ : ' Somiramis has beoa unlucky, in metropo litan company, having filled second place ia the Royal Stakes, third in the Ro?ehill Cup, and second in the Jubilee Cup during the last month.— Mr J. 11. Davis, (son of the late Mr George Davis, M.L.C.), intends to tako n string of horses-from Victoria across to India, and race them" for a season iu the land of the Hajahs. ? The field for the Bosoliill Cup, 43, was the xecord for Australia j but even this would have been: increased had jockeys been available. The previous best was 42, in the Ladies' Trophy race at Canlfield in. 1883, and which was won by The Ghost. There were 41 starters in the Caulfield Cup that Grace-Darling won. ; The Clan Stuart horse Bonuio Bluo, who was taken from Sydney to Now Zealand some months back, won a welter handicap at the Auckland Grand, National Meeting. Ho- was but little fancied, and paid a dividend of X 22 15s. It is stated that ho was under otter recently for something liko £25, his would be purchaser failing to complete tho bargain, and ho is still owned by It. Ship worth. Owners had some difficulty in getting, riders for their horses in.the Kosehill Cup, and but for tho supply of light-weights runniug short perhaps thero would have bean one or two inore starters. As it was overweight was' carried by eight horsos, tho most notable instances being Geology 14lb, Ettebab 81b,'and Influenza Gib. How ever, as far as tho?o mentioned were con* corned, it-caunot be said to havo made any difforonco, as even with . their proper were not at all likoly to havo come undor the judge's notico.. Following are tho drawers of tlio placed horses in .Tnttersall's Consultation on tho. Maitlnnd .Cup, run. on Monday last, and which closed with 8000 at 0s : First horse (Quadret), Mrs M. Duckworth, Kumora Junction, AVostland, New Zealand; £720; Bocond (Ajjnto), H. Boyco, Of) Salisbury street, Christcliurch, New Zealand, £180 ; third (Newmau), "WV J. Britton, Quirindi, New .South Wales, .£lOB. These amounts are nett. Following wore also thepriucipal prizo winners in " Tattorsall's"consultation on tho Bosehill Cup:—.£2,2so, W. N. Camp- : bell, West Australia; second, *€075, Abra ham, Quirindi; third, £450, Blauch Shying, Sydney. ; 