CHURCH NEWS. The special form of prayer with thanks giving appointed “to be used in all churches and chapels in England and Wales and in the town of Berwick-upon- Tweed” to-morrow, has been reoeived. The form follows the ordinary service, with the following speoial introductory sentence, suffrages, proper psalms and lessons, collects, epistle and gospel, to.: — Introductory Sentence : “I exhort that first of all snpplioations, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks be made for all men; , for kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable'life in all godliness and honesty, for this is gond aud acceptable unto God our Saviour. —1 Tim. ii., 1,2, 3.” Proper Psalms, xr., ci., oxxi. Proper lessons. The First, Joshua i. to v. 10, or Proverbs viii. to v. 17. Tlie Second, Rom. xiii. to v. 11, or Rsv. xxi., 22—xxii., 4. Suffrages next after the Greed:—... Priest—O Lord, show Thy mercy upon ns. Answer—And grant us Thy salvation.. Priest —O Lord, save the Queen. Answer —Who putteth her trust in Thee. , ■Priest—Send her help from Thy holy plaoe. Answer—And evermore mightily help her. Priest—Lot her enemies have no advantage of her. .- ■ ' Answer—lst not the wicked approach to hurt her. - Priest—Endue Thy ministers with righteous ness. Answer —And make Thy chosen people joy ful. Priest—Oh Lord, save Thy people. Answer —And bless Tbino inheritance. Priest—Give peace in onr time, O Lord. Answer—Because there is none other that fighteth for us, bat only Then, O God. Priest —Be unto us, O Lord, a strong tower. Answer—From the face of our anomies. Priest —O Lard, hear our prayer. Answer —And'lot our ory coma unto Thoe. Colleot after that for the day:— O God, which providost for Thy people by Thy power, and ruleat over them in love, grant unto Thy servant onr Queen the spirit of wisdom and government, that being devoted unto Thee with all her heart, she may so wisely govern this kingdom, that in her time the chnroh may be in safety and Christian devo tion may continue in peace; that bo, per severing in gond works unto the end, she may by thy guidance coma to Thine everlasting kingdom, through Jesu3 Christ Thy Son onr Lord, who livetli and roigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost ever one God, world without end. Amen. In place of the State prayers:— O Lord onr God, who upholdost and governost all things by tha word of Thy power, receive our hnmble prayers for our sovereign lady Victoria (as on this day) net over us by Thy grace and providence to be onr Queen; and, together with her. bless, wo beseech Thee, Albert Edward Prince of Wales, the Princess of Wales, and all the Royal Family, that they all, ever trusting in Thy goodness, protected by Thy power, and crowned with Thy graoions and endloss favor, may oontinna before Thee in health, peace, joy, and honor, and may live long and happy lives upon earth, and after death obtain ever lasting life and glory by the merits and media tion of Christ Jesus our Saviour, who with The* and the Holy Ghost livoth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen. Almighty God, Who rnlsst ovor all the kingdoms of the world, and dispuseßt of them according to Thy good pleasure; we yield Thee unfeigned thanks, for that Thou wast pleased (as nn this d<y) to place Thy sorrant our Sovereign lady, Queen Victoria, upon the throne of this realm. Let Thy wisdom be her guide, and let Thine arm strengthen her; let justice, truth, and holiness, let peaoo and love flourish in her days. Biroot all her connsels and endeavors to Thy glorjr, and tho welfare of her people; and give us grace to obey her cheerfully for conscience *ake. Let hsr always possess tho hearts of her people; let her reign be long and prosperous, and crown her with immortality in tha life to come; through Jesaa Christ our Lord. Amen. Then follows the Prayer for Unity. In tho service for Holy Communion— The Epistle, 1 S'. Peter, ii., 11-17. The Gospel, St. Ma'thew, xxii., 16-22. Thanksgiving, immediately after the general thanksgiving:— O Lord, onr Heavenly Father, we giva Thee hearty thanks for thejtnany blessings which Then hast bestowed npon ns daring the 60 years of the happy reign of onr gracious Queen Victoria. We thank Thee for progress made in knowledge of Thy marvellous works, for increase of comfort givan to human life, for kindlier feeling between rich and poor, for wonderfnl preaching of the Gospel to many nations, and we pray Thee that these and all other Thy gifrs any be long continued to ns, and to onr Queen, to tile glory of Thy Holy name, through Jesus Christ our Lard. Amen, The Diamond Jubilee of the Queen’s Acces sion will be marked at St. Peter’s by special servioes to- morrow. The appointed form nt service and appropriate hymns will be u-ed, and. at each service “God save the Queen” will be sung. In the afternoon, at 4.20, the congregation wilt be invited to unite in tho chain of thanksgiving which is to girdle the world by singing tha Rational Anthem. At the close of evensong a solemn “Te Deum” will be rendered as an act of thanksgiving for the ble-sings granted to U3 daring the Queen’s long reign. The sermons will be preaohed by tho vicar, and will have reference to the memorable event wo seek to celebrate. The annual rlediostion festival services will be held on St. Peter’s Bay, 29th June. The sermon at evensong on that day will be preached by the Rev. H. W. H. Adeney, the first vicar of St. Peter’s. Special services will be held morning and evening at St. John’s Church, Soldiers’ Hill, in thanksgiving and prayer to Almighty God npon tha completion of the sixtieth year of Har Majesty’s reign. The Rev. J. C. Car michael will preaoh at both services. The scholars attending St. Jotin’s Sunday school, Soldiers’ Hill, have purchased an ex oellent likeness of Her Majesty the Quean set in a handsome gilt frame for presentation to the Sunday school. The presentation will take plaoe on Monday evening, when the schelars, by invitation of the teachers will be present at a lantern entertainment. The Sohool of Mines lantern has been a neared for the occasion, and over 100 oolored slides ordered from Melbourne. Light refreshments will be supplied daring the oonrse of the even ing. The series of npocial mission servioes is being continued at St. Stephen’s by the rais sioner, tbe Rev. H. Braddock, incumbent of Broadford, who, having been relieved by a clerical enbst'tate of bis duties, is carrying on his nsefnl and Bnocessful effort for two more daye. There will bs a children’s service at 3 p.m. to-day and at 3 p.m. on Sunday, and for adnlts also at 8 o’clook to-night and 11 a.m. and 7 p.m. on Snnday. The Rev. T. E. Cairns wilt oonduct both services at St. Andrew’s to-morrow. Hisenb jeots will be “Choosing a monarch” and “A memorable reign.” At the evening aervices reference will be made to the noteworthy events in the reign of Her Majesty the Queen, and speoial hvmns and anthems will be sang. The Rev. John Mackenzie, M.A., 8.8., of Treotham, will conduct bath services at Ebenezer Presbyterian Chnroh, and in the evening will preach on “National religion.” Speoial offerings will be taken on behalf of the interest fund. The services at St. PaulYwill be of a special oharaoter on Accession Bay. The advertise ment gives particulars. The woßt front of the ehnroh will be adorned by a transparency, prepared by Mr Bash. The annual tea meeting in connection with St. Paul’s Chnroh wae held last night in the eobool hall. There was a large attendance, abont 200 sitting down to the tables. Mr Buobanan was the caterer, and the tables, which were nicely arranged, were attended to by Mesdamos Bavis, Joseph Lakeland, John Lakeland, Budge, Siedel, C. Ludbrook, W. Robertson, R. Robertson, Eddy, Kenny, Hush, and Misses Lakeland (4J, Dunn (2), Short (2), Eddy, Richardson, Els worth! Boyoe,' Siedel, Grace (2); Ludbrook'and Twenty man. An enjoyable ooneert.was held subsequently.. An excellent programme had been arranged by Misß Greaves, tbe various items giving much satisfaction to tbe large audience. The Rev. T. Tapley Short, M.A., presided, and ad dresses were given by the Bean, the Revs. R. Heffernan, J. C. Carmiehael, and H. Braddock. Apologies were received for the absence of Archdeacon Mercer, Canon Radoliff and the Rev. F. Slaney Poole, M.A. At the Reptist Church, Dawson street, to morrow, Rev.'J. A. Soper will preaoh in tha morning, when the subject will be "Onr Queen and 60 glorious years.” In the evening Mrs M‘Kenzip, lady missionary from Bunda berg, wilt give the address. Notwithstanding the delightful rain last night there was a large attendance at the Dana street Lecture Hall to hear the iter. C. Tregear’s entertainment, “ Picture, song, and story.” The rev. gentleman was ably assisted by Mra W. F. Coltman (accompanist) and Miss Edwards. . The excellent attention of the young folks present was a specially pleasing feature of the evening, and was of great assistance to the leoturer. Tbs proceeds were in aid of the Sunshine committee of tiie Christian Endeavor Society. A special thanksgiving service for the com pletion of the GO years of Her Majesty’s reign will be held in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Chnrob to-morrow evening. The Rev. E. Wason.Nye,'pastor of the church, is to occupy the pulpit. At the close of the regular ser vice the preacher will conduct a pleasant Sunday evening meeting at a quarter past 8 o’clock,. Solos and choruses will be sung, and an address is to bs given by Mr D. J. Wheal. These series of meetings are to be continued throughout. the winter month", and all are cordially invited to attend. The anniversary of the Disciples of Christ Sunday School, Armstrong street, was oele bratsd last night by a tea and public meeting. About 150 persons attended the tea, which was dispensed by the teachers of the Sunday School. The public meeting was rendered the more interesting by reason of a presentation to Mr Martin, late head teacher of the Dana street State'school, who had been for m’ny years a reader in the senior Bible olass. The schoolroom was beautifully decorated with colored lanterns, fiowetß and evergreens. Mr C. Morris presided, and addresses were de livered by Mr Ramage, the superintendent of the Peel 'street school, and other gentlemen. Daring the evening the chairman presented to Mr Martin a handsomely framed group of photographs of the teachers of tho school, end Mr Martin made a suitable response. Tho secretary, Mr J. J. Shaw, read tho annual report,.-which showed that there were 120 scholars on the roll and an average attendance of 60. The choir, under the conductnrsbip of Mr Hayes, rendered a number of anthems, and a feature of the musical portion of the progromme was the solo singing of a number of little children from the kindergarten class. The sale of gifts at St. John’s School, Soldiera,ifiill, was continued-yesterday, and again attracted a very large attendance. In -the evening an excellent musical programme was provided by Mr Herberts orchestra. In addition to the names of the ladies previously announced as aßßisting at the sale must bo mentioned those of Mrs Lambert, Misses Irvins and Jones. The sale was of a most satisfactory character, and resulted in a' large amount, being realised. The Mayor of the City, Cr Bell, who opened the proceedings on Thursday, contributed a handsome dona tion to the funds. A lecture on’ “Queen Victoria and her won derful reign ” will be given in the Baptist Chnrch on Monday night, 28th Jane, by Rev. J. A. Soper and Mr W. H. Wooster. Fifty views, specially prepared to illustrate the lec ture, will be shown by a powerful lantern. Ad mission will be free. Colleotion at the close. At the Barkly street Wesleyan Chnrch to morrow the Rev. W. Burridge will preach in the morning, and the Rsv. S. T. Withington in the evening. Special Jubilee hymns will be sung, and in the evening the choir will sing the beautiful anthem, “Swaet is th» sun light” (Egglestone) and “Tho Gloria” from the Twelfth Ma'B. A military jubilee sorvioo will he held to morrow morning in Wesley Chnrch, Lydiard streot. AH arrangements have been completed by tho Commandant for the presenoa of the 3rd Battalion, headed by the band. The officers and men will fall in at the Orderly Boon at half-past 10 o’oloek, and then march to the ohnrch. The band and non-eommissioned officers will wear red, the officers and rank and file khaki. All ranks to wear white helmets, belts, side arms and laggings. The Rev. R. C. Flookart, ohaplain of the forces, will arrive from Melbourne this afternoon and onnduot to-morrow’s service. This occasion being the first hold in a ohnrch in Ballarat it will be the more notable, and very suitable in connection with the week’s Jubilee rejoicings. Special hymns are being printed for ths occasion. At tho Cathedral Church to-morrow tho dean will preach morning and evening. In the afternoon, at half-past 3 o’olock, a children’s service will be held. The R9v. H. Swan will condnot a speoial public jubilee service at St. John’s Pres byterian Chnrch, Peel street, to-morrow morn ing. A similar servioe will be held for children, in the School Hall, in the afternoon. Mr Swan will also prenoh in the evening. A public thanksgiving sorvioo will be held at Holy Trinitv Church, Sebastopol, to-morrow afternoon, at 3 o’oloolc, in commemoration of Her Majesty’s Jubilee. 