SERMON FOR SUNDAY Cheering Incident at Bethabara. By Late Rev. C. II. Sfuroeox. Therefore tliry Bought again to take Him ; hut Ho escaped out of thetr baud, and wont away again beyond Jordnninta t.lio pleeo wlioro .rohn at first baptised ; anil tlioro Ho abrido. And many resorted unto him, onil said. Jolia did mi mirneio ; but nil things that John annuo nf this M-.n woro true. And many botloved on Him thorn.— John x. 39-12. What wus thoro purtioulur about tlio re tired plnoe in which our Lord, on this 0011a- siori, gathered so muuy ilisciplns ? What was there about tho placo boyond Jordnn whero John ut first bnptisoil ? It was a piano where divine ordinations had boon observed : " Tho Sluco whero Joliu nt first baptispd ; and many oliovod on Him there." Wlioro iho Lord ia obeyed, wo may liopo to seo him revealed. Wo aro not among those who condemn others for mistakes about outward ordinances; lint yot wo do not look upon erroneous practices without sincere rogror and apprehension. If the ordinance! of baptism bo uttered, or uppliod to tlio wrong subjects, or prno- t-iScd iu an unsoriptural manlier, _ and used for unwarranted purposes, it is u sorbins error. Disobedience 011 this point may ovou now bo grieving tho Spirit of God, and restraining His sacred operations. Wo must bo ctirofiil to keop tho ordinunces us they woro delivered unto ns. Oh that in this placo, whero wo havo bap tised many in the nurno of tho Futhor, and of tlio Sou, und of tho Iliily Ghost, wo illicit meet with an abundant, blessing ! Iu keeping His commandments thcro is groat reward. Outward ordinunces cannot secure 11 blessing : hut tho spirit of obedience, which lends to u careful observance of tlmm iiccurding to tho Divine cnmmimd. is a blessed fruit of tho Spirit. Whore John baptised, and Jesus submitted thus to fulfil nil righteousness, wo find 11 spot which is suited for u Divine revival. Secondly, remumbei. this Bethabara wns tlio place where faithful preaeliingciineorning Jesuuluid been heard. ' For this John who baptised also proaohod- tho Gospel of re- pontanco. Ho laid groat stress upon that part of the Gospel which prepares men for tho coming Kingdom. Whero ropoiitanco lius been thoroughly prcaohod, I bolioro that many will come to. holiovo in Jesus Christ. Jesus fitly followed John ; and faith will follow readily where renentanco bus been thoroughly preached arid explained. Tho plough must lead tho way, and thou it is good sowing. Wo must first send in tho sharp needle, nnd then the sillceu thread will ho drawn after it. There must ha a measure nf conviction of sin lio- foro there will bo a joyful acceptance of tho groat Sin-offering. Brethren, where- over there has been earnest preaching wo mny oxpeot tlrat many will heliovo 111 tho Loril Jesus Christ before long. Lot 110 faithful preunher'u heart bo faint within him ; Christ is not proaohod in vain — you havo not pointed to tlio Lamb of God for nothing. Evon should you die without seeing it, there will ootno another after you who will reap a harvest from tho sued' which yon have sowed. As for tho place wherein wo stand, I cuii solemnly assert that I luivo with ull my heart preached to you tho Gospel of tho graoo of God. It a thousand' pcrsuns wero to believe in Jesus to-day I should not bo in tho least surprised ; for this I surely can oluim— that to the best of my knowleago and ability I lravo tlicso mauy years preached nothing among you hut tho" Gross of Glirist. I, too, havo cried, " Behold tlio Lninb of God, which takotli away tlio sin of tho world!" I have eudcavoiirtxl to point out to you Him whoso shoe-latchets I 11m not worthy to unloose. I havo prayed tlrat Ho might baptise you with tho Holy Ghost and with firo. Many saints havo joined mo ill that earliest pruycr. If at llothabara mnny believed on Him there, wo may expeot that many will, holiovo 011 Hini here. Oneo more, not only was this 11 vory interesting spot to onr Lord Jesus Christ, hccnuso thoro God .lind borno witness to His Sou Jcsjis, but Bethabara was also very in teresting to tlio lenders of tlio little band who accompanied Him ; it was the placo where tho Lord'a first disoiplcs had beon won. They heard John spenk und followed Jesus. John nnd Jumea, nnd Androw und Peter, hud been thoro brought to Josus, and certain others also lind joined tlio ohosen band. To visit tho pluce of their own spiritual birth would cause a rcnowul of their vowa, and not aa an oncouiugemout to persevoro in winning othors. Brethren, wo feel hopeful that God will bless utliors in tho placo whore Ho bus blessed 11s : in tho placo where Peter nud John und Andrew huvo boon found, it is to bo hoped thilt other Poters nnd Johns and Andrews will he discovered. Where solid stonos havo boon quurriod, there remains inuoh moro material wliioli may yot ho brought forth. Eternity nlono shall tell how inuny souls havo boeu born to God in this house. Wo lravo actually, up to tlio month of October, 1880, registered nearly eleven thousand persons who lravo como forward and confessed their fuith and joined this ohurah ; hut tlioso aro only u small part of tlio wholo ; for great numbers como lioro and rotnru to the country, und unito with othor olmrohos. My brethren, if the Lord Iras found you out in tlria place, you will cry duy' mid night unto Him that othere may bo found of Him ulso. Sit in your pews and say, "Lord, I boliovcd on Thco in this place ; therefore I pray Thee this day grant thnt many othors muy do tho same, and mny it bo said, ' Many boliovcd on Josus in tho Tnhomaolo.' " I suppose it is a lovely quiet spot, by tlio banks of tho Jordnn, with only a littlo villago or hamlot, named Bethany, closo by. Tho nnma Botlrany wns nltorod by Origen into Botlinbara, I suppose for distinction's suko. It really wns Bethany ; anil so our Lord lrad two Bothnnios. It wns thoro, in a rural retreat, that many boliovcd on HiH numo. Oh hills of Piedmont, when tho Vnudois preached tho Christ amidst your valloys, it may ho said of you, " Manylioliovod on Him there " ! Oh mosses and hillsides of Scotland, in tho Cove nanting times,' "Many boliovoil on Him tlioso " ! Talk not so exceeding proudly, Oh . yo cathodrnlH, or yo great tabornnolos ; for many havo boliovoil on Josus by tho highway , side, out on tho villugo grcon, or nndor tlio spreading onk. Out in tho desort of southern Franco, wlioro mon fled for their lives to hear thu Gospol, many boliovcd on Jesus. In what placo cannot Josus triumph f Ho noods no Solomon's Tomplo ; nay, in its poroh Ho finds cavillers ; but yonder by tho willows of the Jordan IIo finds a pooplo that holiovo 011 Him, Go forth, yo .heralds of tho Gross, tmd prcaoh tho Gospol evorywlioro henoath tho arch of houvon. At tho oornors of tho street, or on tho hillsido, publish tho pro clamation of tho groat King. In all ours proclaim tho Gospel, till by rivor, sou, und plain it shall bo said, "Many boliovcd on Him tlioro." ..u Secondly, it is vory inslructivo to note tho time wlion "muny boliovcd on'Hini thoro." First, it was ufter n timo of very groat and obstinate opposition. Tho Saviour could mako nothing of thoso cavilling Jows ; thoy woro so desperately projudiood against Him that Ho turned away from thom to moro-liopoful spirits. No sooner does Ho orosu tho rivor tlmn wo rend tlmt ' ' many boliovcd on Him_ tlioro." So groat a differonoo may wo find in 11 fow miles and a fow hours. Opposition is no sign of defeat, hut tho contrary. When tho dovil roars, it is liccuuso his kingdom is being shaken, or I10 is afraid that it will bo shaken. It should not doprcss 11s whon wo see n bitter spirit aroused ; it should griovo us to soo mon opposing tho truth, hut it should not load us to abstain from spreading it. Iu tho faoo of opposition onr oyes should spurklo " With that stern joy winch warriors fool In foomen worthy of tlioir stool." Tlio timo wlion theso bnliovcd wns a timo of calm, unbroken quiotudo. Tlioso who oamo thcro uunio with tho desire to hoar and louru ; thoy resorted to Him, and were prepared to hour thoughtfully. Ono of tho fathers has a famous Borinon upon this text, in whioh ho douls with women, and speaks of tlmm us hav ing so much inoro timo forrotircinont und quiot than tnon ; anil ho thinks that this is ono of tlio reasons why so many of thom holiovo in proportion to mon. Mon livo in tho noiso of pttblio life, and so grow worldly und forget tho Lord ; but woraon aro moro ofton nlono, and walk in quiotor places, and wo muy therefore oxpoot to soo more of them turning to God. Certainly an opportunity to tlrink ia a groai; privilego to any man or any woman : arid thoso pooplo at.Bothahura, dolivorod from tho oluraour of Jorusulom und its priests and seotarios, wero ahlo to weigh tho claims of Josus,- rind wcrol led - to dooido for Him, Givo mo tho riverside, away from the rush of fashion, and I will preach with great hopefulness. A time of great thoughtfnlness and peuce of mind ahonld suggest to us tho proprioty of sotting onr houso in ordor towards God, and considering the oluims of tho Lord Jesus. If you uro this day froo -from anre, froo from labour, froo from fretting, I beseooh you, calmly judge of your own condition as to the world to como wborcof wo spouk. Think of the Son of God ; soo whether Ho ia not worthy of your immediate confidence ; judgo whether it ho not n day of graco to your soul, whoroin you should, holiovo in Josus. This timo when ninny boliovcd wns a timo of great desiro for houriiig. Lot mo rend it: " Many resorted unto Him, and mnny bo- liovod on Him thoro." You cannot eutchfish whero thoro uro none : hut wlion tho fish come swarming up to tho not wo nray liopo that somo will be taken in its moshes. Wo ohoor- fully liopo that when mon floelt to hear tho Gospot somo will holiovo it. Whon I seo tho ' vust crowds flooding this plaoo like a soa, I hopo it will not nil bo 111 vain. Whon mon are as ougor to onter tho liouso of prayer as othors aro to got into a theatre, suroly wo may hopo that God moans to bloss thoiu. Oh that God would bless tlio multitudes tlrat contend for stand ing-room in thoso aislos ! To what purpose doos Ho iuoliuo thom to como hither if it bo not that thoy should holiovo nud live? Muy it ho said of this house, not only tlrat many resurtod to it, hut that thoy resorted to Josus ; not only that thoy hoard of Him, but that thoy boliovcd in Him. We now muko a third remark, whioh is this; It is chocring to obscrvo tho fuot itsolf. Wo havo noticed the pluco und tho time, hut those aro of secondary consequence ; it is most oliurniing to observo tho fuot — "Many boliovcd 'on Him." . Tho belief of thoso peoplo was prompt. Christ hud proaohod without result for yours to somo othors ; but to thoso who oumo to this plaoo Ho spoko only for a short time, and they -boliovcd on Him there. How I wish taut many who , linvo never heard tlin Gospol bot'oro may bolievo on Jesus tin's day ! I bolievo that new hearers uro often tlio most hopeful heurors. If you could take 11 blind man out under tho heavens, and in a moment remove tho soulus from his oyes, und lot lriin sec tho stars for tho first timo, how amazed ho would be ! It is said that much of tho epcaial results of tho picuohing of Wesley and Whitcfiold uroso out of tho fuot tliut tho Gospol had becomo a novelty in England, so that whon thoy preached it, men wero struck with wonder nt it, I have, therefore, hopes tlmt tho preaching to-day of tho fact that tho blood of Josns Christ, God's dour Son, clonnHcth us from all sin, and that thoro is immediuto pardon to bo hud by simply trusting in tho Lord Josns Christ, will tnko somo of you so by surprise that you will beliovo nt 01100, and it shall bo said, "Many bolioved on Him there.". Theso pooplo did not stop to got homo ; they did not wait for noxt week ; hut thoro and then, by tho rivor's brink, thoy looked to Him who is tho Lamb of God, unci boliovcd on His numo. Soipobody wrote a book, and wished to prosont it to old G corgo tho Third. Furmor Georgo said, " What's tbo book about, sir P" " Sire, it is un upology for the Biblo." " What !" said George, " what ! Apology for tho Biblo ! Novor heard of such a thing. Don't want your book, sir. Apology for tho Bible, indeed !" Quite right, King Georgo ! Surely wo do not want tiny apologies for tho Gospol — it is its own witness. " God was in Christ roooiiuiting tho world unto Himself, not imputing their trespasses unto thom." Josus Christ suffered, bled, nud died, bearing human sin in Himsolf, uvd wliosever boliovotli in Hini shall ho imiric- diatoly forgiven, lminodintoly renew-ill in his hoavt by tho Holy Spirit, and -mado a now croaturo in Christ. "Why thin ia evidently a Divino messugo. " Look and live." Such 11 Gospel novor was invented by man. . for no mini likes it well enough to invent it, not oven to accept it nftor in is invented, till God rciiows his heart. Lot it sound forth thut Josus, mighty to save, irivitos moil to trust Him, and, trusting Him, they ahull live. Oh that you would oast jrour guilty souls 011 Jesus, und find Him mighty to redeem ! Here is a simplo verso for you to say in your hearts : — " A guilty, weak, and helpless worm, On Christ's kind iirms I full ; Ho is my strength and righteousness, My Jesus, and my ull." If you huvo said that from your hoart, you iiro'a saved man. Go your wuy rejoicing in His salvation ! Tho Lord bless you ! Amen. 