JOCKEY DROMIOS. " Tickets, please V There were only two passengers in the com partment) one of whom had hi» ticket ready ; the other was apparently still fast asleep. '. Come, sir ; wake up, if you pleaae. Tour ticket!" gaid the collector, impatiently. " All right-here it is, in my pocket-hook. Why, I've bean robbed ! My pocket- book is gonu !" and he glared in a suspicions manner at the other passenger. " 1 sot in at Darlington, sir ; you were then asleep," said the other traveller, stiffly. " Here is my card ; I travel tor Messrs. Boult Bros., of Liverpool." "If yon cannot pay your fare, sir, you must *ee the station-master at Newcastle,-' said tlie collector, slamming and then locking the door. " Well, I'm in a nice picklc, and no mis take. Don't know » soul in Newcastle, and it's past midnight. What on earth shall I do P" Pardon my curiosity, sir, but surely you must bo Charlie Cooke, tbe jockey ?" said Gerald Thorburn. "Thank goodness somebody knows me!" ejaculated the jockoy. " I was never caught napping before when the light-fingered gentry are about. I showed mv ticket at York, and fell asleep soon after leaving. Was there a ladr here when you got in at Darlington ? " No ; you wore quite alone." " Then the thief was a woman, who joined me at Normanton.and must have left at Thirsk, or at Darlington, before you got in." .. You ride at Goiforth Park to-morrow, I prtoume ?" " Yes ; but what am I to do to-night, if the station-master-oh, here we nro." '. Come with me to my hotel, by all m«ans, Mr. Cooke. I will also pay your fare, if the station-roaster insists upou it." " A thousand thanks, my dear sir ; and take the word of Charlie Cooke for it, you will not regret your kindness." The 'station-master at Newcastle proved to be ami'MHbletoreason.and on learning the name of tUe ticketluss passenger, readily accepted his assurance that he had takeu a first-class ticket at St. Paucras. The two newly-made frirnds had a bottle of wine after a late supper, and ere they parted in the morning, the jockey had found friends in the town, and repaid his share of the hotel WN .' If you want a good tip for tho Liverpool Cup, put every penny you can scrape together on Fly-by-Night. If I don't land him first at the post I'll return you every peuny you lose by taking my tip. That is a bargain," and again thanking Gerald Thorburn tor his kindness, they parted. The Liverpool traveller was not much of a betting man ; in fact, he had not made half-a dozen bets in his life. He was rather prone to a " sweep " in the commercial room, and was therefore fairly conversant with racing matters, especially in connection with Aintreu. " Fly-by-Night, a rank outsider I Vory little known of him, and that not greatly to his credit. But Charlie Cooke sei-nis cock-sure he will win, and then there is his offer. I really believe he will refund, if he fails to win the Cup," mused Gerald. ! And during the mouth that elapsed between \his meeting with the jockey at Newcastle and j the Aintree meeting, he could think of little else but the possibility of " making a pot of money " by acting upon the " tip " given him I by Charlie Cooks. j " Twenty to one, and I have only £90," said | Thorburn to himself, as he perused the "Latest Betting "on the Monday evening 'before the meeting. " With this £210 I bad from Lancaster to-day I could put £300 on Ply 'by-night. I'll do it! If I succeed-six thousand pounds ; if not, £300 is not much for ' Charlie Cooke to pay, and he will keep his word." \ And without stopping to think of the possible consequences if the money he was appropriating were lost, he hastened to a well-known book maker, and made his bet.J i Gerald Thorburn had a stronger motive for his conduct than the mere wish to make a small fortune easily. Unknown to her futher, he had won the affections uf Bmily Boult, the only daughter and heircsB of tho seuior partner of the firm for whom he travelled. Emily was only 19, while ho was 27, but although Gerald knew that his suit would not be regarded favourably by Bmil/B father, ho believed the girl would be ?' true to him, and both hoped that time might ' smooth their path of the thorns that encumbered it. "Withnearly six thousand pounds to my credit I can go to him, and boldly ask him forlfimily," ! was Gerald's ecstatic thought after making his ! bet, but a terrible shock was in store for him. I The lovers were accustomed to meet on the '? Landing Sage sometimes in the evening, and after a hasty meal hehurried down to the st«ge. Bmily had not arrived, however, and he sat down in the smaller Shelter to wait for her. " Did you hear of the nasty accident poor Charlie Cooke met with this evening ?" said a man in the seat fronting Gerald. " No ; is it serious ? Will it stop his runniug that horse there is so much talk about, as a possible winner of the Cup V And Gerald Thorburn awaited the answer with a suspense so keen and terrible that his heart Beemed tos top its beating. " Broke his left wrist, and put out his right bhoulder. Taken to the Northern Hospital." " Then it will be a month or more bofore he will ride, How did the affair happen ?" " He was doing what many foolish people try to do-leaving the train at Lime- street before it had stopped, and was thrown violently on the platform." j " A good thing for the bookies." j " Yea. It's an ill wind that blows nobody any good." | Gerald Thorburn was in dcspair.He bad been 1 suddenly plunged from his contemplation of the coming fruition of his dearest hopes, into the abyss of desperation. It was almost im possible that any other jockey would win the Cup, even if the owner of Fly-by-Night did not scratch him. And how cottld he approach the injured jookey. and ask him to keep the promise he made at Newcastle ? In a few days his umployers would discover that he had embezzled their money, and then-arrest, con viction, imprisonment Too well he knew the reed of his employers on tho subject of such a breach of trust, the law must take its course. That had been their answer to the appeal of a widowed mother, whose only son, a porter in the warehouse, had stolen some goods. Would they be any more lenient with him ? No. And Kniily-would she dare to avow her love for a falon ? " I am doomed, and have nought left to livo for, 'there is no sorrowing mother in my case to bewail my fate ; nor stricken father to go through the streets with bowed head because of the disgrace of his son. No brother or sister to blush for mo when my name is mentioned. I will do it, before my rwolutiou vanishes banished by the fear of what is to come beyond." And he walked slowly to the edge of the stage gazing into the water abstractedly. " No ; Bmily shall not regard it as suicide I will wait until one of the boats is going out. A desperate leap when the distance is too great to be successfully jumped, and a sympathetic jury will say it was an acoident unless it haB been discovered ere the inquest that I am a thief.." .. Stand back 1" vainly shouted a stageman, as Gerald Thorburn ran aoross the stage and took a flying leap, failing however, to reach the de-parting steamer. Instantly the brave stagemau leaped down into theMcr»ey,and though tho swirl of the steamer s j paddle sucked Gerald luuier, be was seized on coming to the surface, n&ri; held firmly until a boat came along and rescued both meu. Gerald had been so long under the water that be was insensible when rescued, and ho was at once taken to the receiving-house, followed by'a constable, who aoclared that ho had been watching the young man for somo tiuie, and bo had every ronton to bolinve that tbo act was in tended to be suicidal Tbo result was that when his clothes were dry Gerald wns taken to tho Central Police Station in a cab and formally charged with attempted suicide. He did not resent the accusation, he was too downcast for that. He daro not send word to the few friends he had in the city, fearing tbivt if his omployers learnt his position, inquiries might bo at once instituted, bis embezzlement come to light, and the fate ho had tried to avert overtake him. When nsked his name ho was strongly tempted to give a fictitious name and address, but fortunately did not yield to the tomptotion. Had he done so the theory of attempted suicido would have been strengthened. Questioned at to his occupation, ho kept back nothing, and an hour afterwards Emily's father arrived at the police-station. " Surely, Xhorburn, this cannot be true ? You did not purpose to commit suicido ? Had you taken ti>o much whisky or what ?" Gerald bung his head, and was silent. '. It is an unhappy business, altogether. You did not know that my daughter was on the landing stage when you were iwirried up the steps at the back of the stage, supposed to be dead ? She came homo in a state of hysterical frenzy, and said that as you were dead she had nothing to live for. Tell me, was it drink ? I never knew you to take too much. Have you nothing to say to me ?" " What can I say, Mr. Boult ? I have dis graced myself-and you. I shall have to appear before the Stipendiary, and whatever the result, how can 1 again lift up my head in Liverpool f" " For the sake of my child, I will see what can bo done," and Gerald Thomburn was again left to his harrowing thoughts. The knowledge that Emily had been present -had possibly heard the constable say that it was a case of deliberately attempted suicide, filled him with the keenest anguish, and wben Mr.Boult returned, accompaniod byt be inspec tor on duty, and the Govenor of tho Brrdewell the young man was in a pitiable state of pros tration. "Come, Mr. Thorbarn.the charge is not to be proceeded with. Tho officials aro of my opinion that you bad taken too much drink this evening and you are free. Outside the police-station, Mr. Boult hailed a cab, and bade Gerald get in, " I am going to take you home, and thus satisfy Emily that yuu are still in the land of the living. Perhaps you think I have been ignor ant of the attachment between you ; if so that was a mistake. I knew of your secret meetings six months since, and believing that my child's happiness depended upon her affections not beiug trampled upon, I determined to let matters take their course until Emily is 20. So far, all my enquiries as to your usual pur suits when not on duty for the firm have been in every respect satisfactory ; but I trust you will not again take so much drink Xs to impel you to the reckless disregard of danger you showed this evening. I have now done sermon ising, Gerald ; try to meet Ifimily with a smiling facs, and let her believe it was a simple acci dent." A smiling face ? Gerald Thorburu could have groaned aloud as ho heard tho words. Every word of sympathy and kindness spoken by Mr. Boult had stabbed him to tho heart, for uulesa a miracle intervened, a day or two at the most would suffice to show him up in his true colours-as a thief, utterly unworthy the love of such a girl as Emily. " Look up, my darling; Gorald is here!" waB tho father's greeting, as, followed by Gerald, he entered his daughter's sitting-room. Sho was lying on a couch, with hor face in the cushions, but when her fathor spoke she rose as though electrified, looked from one to the other, aud, realising that her father knew, and did not resent their attachmont, flew to the arms of her lover. " Ob, Gerald ! Gerald ! they said you were dead, and I wished myself dead, too. My dear, kind, good father I" and going to where he stood, she kissed him fondly. " You are not angry with me, father ? Nor with Gerald ? " " No, my child. But it is very late, aud I fear the immersion may have worse effects than we think, if Gerald does not go to bed at once. He will stay hero to-night.'' Gerald Thorburu did not sleep that night, notwithstanding the tumbler of port negus sent to his room after he had retired. All night long he was racking his brain in the en deavonr to fix upon tamo feasible scheme for procuring the money to repay the £210 he had " borrowed" from the monies of bis em ployers, and the morning found him looking oven worse than on tho previous evening. Ur. Boult would have had him stay there for a day or two, but, much as he would have liked Emily's companionship, while her father was away at business, he could not brook the pros peot of being a guest in his employer's house when his delinquency should be discovered. " I shall be. much better at my usual work. Indeed, sir, I will go to Preston to-day, I think." " Very well, Gerald. For the present no one in the office need know of the closer connection you will have with the firm next year ; it would not ba wise to arouso any jealousy among those who have been with us much longer than you have been, my boy." And Mr. Boult put down the agitation of his daughter's lover to bis overpowering feelings of gratitude ; whereas, it was caused by a keen sense of the misery that overshadowod him. " Two more days, and my doom will overtake me. Weils and Co., not getting the firm's receipt, will write for it ; then my despicablo ness will be mado manifest. And I must meet it-must bear it all ! I cannot again attempt my life. The horror of those few seconds when I deemed myself on the point of death-when the past, like a dread panorama, swept before my eyes, was such as I would not again experience." These and similarly depressing thoughts wore his companions duriug that day ; hence it was not surprising that the orders he succeeded in obtaining were small in number, and also in amount. On his journey home, the conversation of two passengers, evidently sporting men, routed bim from his gloom. "Thats a queer tale about Charlie Cooke,isn't it ?" remarked one of the men. " There's nothing in it. Teddy Graham was at the hospital this morning and saw Charlie in bed ; how, then, could he be galluping Fly by-Night the same morning ? The tale has been started by the backers of the horse." " I don't care what Teddy Graham has said, Tom Foley knows Charlie Cooke as well as any man now at Aintree, and he told me that Charlie was galloping the horse this morning." And Gerald Thorburn was as m'noh puzzled as his travelling oompauions. He had received an invitation to call at Emily's house that evening, and in a state of much excitement and anxiety he sought for information at the bars of the hotels frequented by the bookmakers, but failed to obtain such evidence as satisfied him. When he turned into the office oo the morn ing of the Cup day, a few minutes later than usual, he was startlc<l to find Mr. Boult await ing him. With a sinking heart he heard one of the elei k.i say, " Governor wants you, Mr.Thorburn." " Close the door, Mr. Thorburn. How pale you lire looking. Not yet (jut over the wetting, I'm afruid. 1 aio going to (tee the Cup raoe ; would you care to come with me f Have you ever seen a good race ? " " I buvo never seen uno of any kind." " Nor have X, though I have been iu business hero nearly lorty years. Wo will go by the noon train, ftoin the Kiehauge, station." And when the horses for the Cop race were brought out, Gerald Thorburn sitting by his employer on tho grand stand, watched with amiety he tried to conccal for the appearance of Fly-by-Night, " Now, who is mistaken ! There goes Charlie Coolce. The story of his accidont was a clever ruse, but it leaded out, and spoiled the game of those who invented it," said a gentleman behind Thorburn. Failing Fly-by-Night, the favourite would win easily ; hnnco the tremendous excitement when it was seen that the jockey believed to bo in the hospital was with bis mount. And though the favourite showed the way for three-fourths of the distance, Fly-by-Night drew to the front with a troinendous spurt, and won easily by two lengths. Tho reaction proved too much for Gerald Thorburn ; his nervous system had received too severe a shock, and he fainted, A strong vinaigrette, lent by a lady, and a drink of iced champagne, soon brought him round. " I don't wonder at your fainting, it is fear fully hot up here. Let us go homo." Gerald uccoptcd his employer's invitation to dine with him and Emily, but, managed to get uway early enough to call upon the bookmaker and obtain the amount of his bet. " Thank God ! I am saved !" he said, as he hurried to hit lodgings. There he found a lettor awaiting him. " Northern Hospital 1 Charlie Oooko !' and Gerald stared blankly at the brief note heading and signature. " Am I goiug mad P There is I a mystory here I must fathom." j Next day he went again to Lancaster, and not only miuaged to explain the non- remittance of the receipt, but to obtaiu payment of a more recent account, and by this means he was en abled to square the matter. Returning to Liverpool soon after noon, Gerald took a cab to the Northern Hospital, and waa allowed to see the injured jockoy. What did it mean ? Here was the very man who had truvellod with him to Newcastle, with his arm in splints, bis shoulder tmudaged, and yet, was he not riding Fly-by-Night only yesterday ? .' Come, Mr. Thorburn, I'm not a ghost, though you have some reason to look puzzled. If you eon spare another half-hour, you shall be enlightened. How much did you lay on the winner ?" " Three hundred." .' Good luck to you ! You've pulled it off proper this time. You'll set np in business for yourself, I suppose, oh P' " Probably, or else go into partnership with a good firm." "Ah! Here coincB the other Dromio. My brother Bill; Mr. Thorburn, the gentleman who played the Good Samaritan at Nowcustlo. Now, sir, tuke a good look at us." And the resemblance between the two hrothers was so remarkable that Gerald no longer wondered that the closest friends of Charliu Cooke had been mystitled. " Bill went out to Melbourne when he was a bit of a nipper, but it waB in tho blood, for father was a jock, and after making a name for himself in Australia, Bill came home just in the nick uf time, to save your three hundred, old man. Mr. Thorburn,I believe 1 was shoved a bit gotting out of that train ; but they who thought to gain by such a nasty trick have been bested. I knew I could win the cup witii that horse, but it was all a chance for Bill to do it." Before the uext Livepool cup day came round Gerald Thorburn was the son-in-law and part ner of Mr. Boult, but when asked if he would care to go again ' and see the race, ho qui3tly declined. " I was within an ace of loosing every penny I possessed that day, Mr. Boult, and vowod never to make another bet." And then, without confessing the oftenoe he had committed he told his father- in-law the story of the Liverpool Cup, and the Jockoy Dromios. 