STAGE STUDY AND STUDIO. By JARNO. A VALIANT AND LUCKY PIPER. A little time back the cable told a story worthy of the old hard-writing ballad-singing days. Pro- bably somebody has written a ballad about it already. It was the story of the Piper of the Gordon High- landers, who, when shot through both legs and un- able to move, sat down and screeched out the pibroch from his pipes when his battalion stormed across the fatal space of open ground in front of the Afridi position and under a hell-fire of Afridi bullets. The Gordons, of course, cleared out the enemy, but it is enthusiastically believed by local Scotchmen the the playing of that heroic piper was largely responsible for the panic that fell upon the same enemy. When the victorious troops returned to England at the close of the Ashanti war they re- ceived a great ovation in Southampton, and South- amption's prize poet wrote an ode, which he read on the occasion. The ode contained the following lines : — The fierce Ashanti fled full sore-dismayed When Scotland's bagpipes through their forests played.. As well they might. This is a country full of Scotchmen, and therefore these remarks are per- tinent. If you come upon a Scotchman representing 999 out of 1000 of his countrymen, and — always supposing he happened to be in a heated Caledonian humour — quoted the foregoing lines to him with sarcastic emphisis, he would probably become im- mediately beligerant. Even the very Scotch them- selves have forgotten that the original purpose of the war-pipes was not so much to cheer the Clansman on to battle (the Clansmen never needed any cheering) but to cause terror to the enemy, The pibroch is simply an instrumentalised war- cry. But the pic- ture of that Piper with shattered ankles playing his pipes under the hissing rain of the tribesmen's bullets is almost epic. It recalls at once to the mind of the reader a companion picture — if there were only an artist to paint both ! — of Volker play- ing the death-song of the Neblungs with his sword Fiddle-bow in the Hall of Attiea when the slaughter grim and great''' avenged the woes of Chriemhild — making a ghost of her at the same time. Anyhow, the local Scotchmen are not going to allow the Piper's gallant feat to go unrecognised. The Caledonian Society has started subscribing, and expects to send some hundreds of pounds to him. The writer, speaking to Hugh Patterson, the Decorator, on the subject, suggested that, as British regiments are notoriously intermixed, it would be quite possible that the money subscribed would come to a man who was not a Scotchman. ''We don't care about that,'' said Hugh Patterson, earnestly. ''He might be a West Indian negro — or even an Irishman — but he acted like a Scotchman !'' Or even an Irishman ! And the writer is Irish ! But Pat- terson spoke with a twinkling eye. Anyhow, it is exhilarating to learn that deeds of valour are not overlooked or forgotten even in this far-off end of the Empire. ...................C.R. Ancient Art, from the point of view of a modern Artist : The other day a painter, of the house or fence-painting species, was putting a coat of white lead on the statues in the Fitzroy Gardens. A passer-by, being curious to learn if this refurbish- ing Artist knew anything of the statues he was working upon, said ingenuously, ''Who are those figures supposed to be ?'' It was the well-known sculptural representation of Bacchus and Ariadne. ''D——d if I know,'' replied the Artist, planting another brushful of paint into the vacant eyes of the God of Wine. Asked further about what certain other statues were supposed to represent, he replied, ''D——d if I know,'' all the time — and, as a finale, 'D——d if I care !'' Which is precisely the Aus- tralian attitude towards Ancient Art. The slip-shod methods of many artists are con- spicuously evinced in book illustration, the first principles of which are often completely unknown to the draughtsman. In the first place the illustrator should only pourtray what cannot be adequately de- scribed in words, such as a woman's beauty, a landscape, a group of characters, etc. Too often the artist does not concern himself with the context at all, but draws from his fancy, and frequently pro- duces pictures utterly inconsistent with the letter- press. In the last number of ''The Idler," tor instance, two men are shown carrying on, in a pad- dock, a conversation, which, according to the story illustrated, took place in the smoking-room of a country house. Notice this sort of thing, and observe how frequently it occurs. It is characteristic of the marked stupidity of journalistic craftsmen as a class. Ward, Lock, and Co. are English publishers who have laid themselves out to push Australian books and encourage Australian authors. They have a Melbourne branch, and their magazine, ''The Windsor,'' usually contains at least one purely Aus- tralian item. With enterprise such as this the con- tinuous exodus of our native writers to England should ultimately cease, since all the advantage of Brtish publication — and it is an immense advantage — can be obtained by negotiation on the spot with the local representative of leading publishers such as those mentioned. Ada Cambridge, Ethel Turner, Guy Boothby, Thomas Heney, and Fergus Hume are a few Australian writers whom Ward, Lock, and Co. have under their wing. Ada Cambridge has been contributing some de- lightful short stories to English magazines, in which she has embodied charming pictures of Australian life. Australia can only be made truly known to the outside world by talented writers such as these, who stay amongst us and get their impressions first hand. It was not so much the questionableness of the play ; what shocked me most was the horrible levity of the audience, the laughter with which every in- decent allusion was greeted.'' — George Moore. How often, alas, can such a remark be applied to Melbourne audiences in these sadly degenerate days ! The other Sunday I was staying in a mining town, and, wandering round some of the workings, all at rest, I suddenly stumbled upon a group of men lying in the shade, smoking and listening to one who was reading. ''Hello,'' I thought, ''an open-air revival meeting !'' But a few words caught con- secutively brought to my ears the familiar 'Rhymes from the Mines and Other Lines,'' by Edward Dyson. The reading lasted nearly an hour, after which I joined in the most enjoyable talk on Aus- tralian literature that I have ever listened to. ''This,'' I thought afterwards, ''is a real rational Sunday.'' Angus and Robertson have now issued a half- crown edition of Lawson's prose, ''While the Billy Boils.'' Good, but a popular shilling edition would be better. The letters ''S.P.Q.R.'' — meaning Senatus Populusque Romanus, and under which the Roman legions fought — are inscribed over the door of a small cash grocery store on Collingwood Flat. Asked to explain what they meant, the proprietor replied, ''Small Profits, Quick Returns ; what the h—— else should they mean ?'' His troubles about the Roman Empire ! 