Thomas Jarvis Interviewed, Oα Thursday afternoon, our representa tive made his way to the humble homo of Mr Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown-lane, Ultimo, llu was discovered nursiug n two- year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He wns up aud about and üblo to answer the knock at tho door. Although pale and boating still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that ho was an invalid on tho rapid road to con valescence. In reply to tho preliminary questions, he said: ?' You want to know all about my cneo ? Well, I am glad of nn opportunity to toll you. The facts may be of value to thoso who are stricken as I was." " How long wer?you suffering?" " AVoll, 12 months ngo I got so bad that I had to iKAvn orr wouk,. nnd I havo done nothing sinco tbon. About five yoars ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have boon in failing health, aud of tor four yonrs of gradual develop ment of tho malady, I was forced to givo up my billot at the Globe Island." ?' What wore tho symptoms t" " Simply indescribable. Tho pains were something torriblo. They wero just about as much as!l could bear. They woro for all tho world liko as if a', SAW WEBB CUTTING MY HONES in two in every part of mo. I had no con trol over uiy bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone olso. I was incessantly shivering nnd shaking, nnd could neither eat nor sleep. On tho 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and ho told mo that my case was utterly hopo. less. However, he pravo mo an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you mnko uso of tho order ?" " No ; I came homo and went to bed, nnd hnvb boon pretty well in bod ever since. Five woeks ngo I could not walk across'tho floor ; in fact, I could not got out of bed. I folt thon that it was ALL OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days when I would givo up tho ghost. My doctor was attend ing mo, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the ngony I woe in I was undor him for fivo or six weeks. He came to tho conclusion that I was Buffering from Locomotor Ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturb ances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told mo that I might Inst for 10 yoars, and that I might novor get tho uso of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to phpw that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at-a>straw, I grasped at tvn idea conveyed by the advertisement describing tho euro effected in the caso of another boiler-maker in England, which I rend in tho Australian Workman, by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo Peoplo. 1 read in tho advertisement of a-, cose which seoroed to fit my own. I determined to givo the Fink Pills a trial anyway, and . SENT FOB A BOX. Tho effect was na mnrvoHou? ns it was magical. I was able to cat and sleep as though nothing was the, matter with mo. It wns tho'first appetite and rest I had for ninny a day. It was incredible I imme diately loft tho bod and was ablo to move about. I havo taken four boxes of' Pink Pills during tho past four weeks, and nm now taking the fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a sticl, and am gradually but surely, recovoring my former vigor and vitality. You seo those crutchos. thoro? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They wore made for mo before I got the Pink Pills, but I vena too wealt to übo thorn, and now I don't want them. All I want in this Btick, and I hopo soon to do without it. You soo lam rapidly regaining my strength." . "Ho in 100 per cent, bettor," Bind Mrs Jarvie, who had como in and taken the imby ou hor knees. Tho Pink Fills have' SAVED 818 LIFE, - nnd tnnde nnother man of him." A friond, who called iu at this point, said thitt Jnrvis looked io years "younger that day tlmn ho did ii fortnight previously. "lean now," continued Jarvie, " have ? cold bath, nnd all the fooling has come bnok in my lege.: Tf I keep on going the way I am,'l hope to be Able to work in two liiouthe' time. I fool that I shall thon be well enough to resume workj as a boiler inufcor, nnd you know-1 bavo to be in the very pink of health and strength to work nt that trade. lain. . . ?? BETTKR TO-DAr . tlian I linve boon at nny time during the piut flve.yoiirs. I ascribe all the chuii?O and benefit to tbeeo Pink Pills. They have envod my life. lamin no pain now, what ever, and fool like a now man. On tho innntulpieco thoro Iβ a box of opium and iioitriiiA pills which tho doctor gavo me to doadon the uxorucintiug pain. But thoy can stay whoro tboy aro, for I no louger need them. Everybody who knows me h>l9 boon amazed nt the change in me. Thoy can hardly bo liovo their nyee. My buiiig about again hrts caused quite a Buusntion out huro." HaTinij wished Mr Jar via oontiouod spued towards recovery our reprusentntivo withdrew. ' 