Swimming. TYERS v. CAVILL. The 'Blackpool Gazette' of September 21, in referring to the above match, says : — '' J. H. Tyers, esrtwhile the amateur champion of Eng land, may now hide his diminished head. And while he himself was badly beaten on Saturday, his sup porters were considerably discredited on account of the frivolous and unsportsmanlike objection they raised to Cavill being awarded the match. Any thing more ungenerous and, in fact, un-English we have not heard of for a long time, and the action of Twrawa' eni^vnrtrffil'B nflTl riTlllT V\R ft POrtllTI +J*f\ ffir fill f.VlA win, tie, or wrangle principle, which, although common enough in matches where large sums of money are at stake, ought not to have been intro duced into an international contest of this descrip tion, where both men were supposed to be swimming for the honour of their respective countries. Tyers was beaten on his merits. He had the pick of places, and got well away. But his forte is obviously speed in still waters, with the fortuitous aid which the ? push- off ' from the side of a bath gives— a knack from which he obtains a wonderful advan tage. The stamina and endurance which a swim over a mile course in the open sea require are evi dently«aot his, for he kept a bad course towards the finish of the race mainly through physical distress, and he was undoubtedly ' all out ' when he left the water. On the other hand, Cavill lost ground at the start through steering badly, but the further he went the more strongly did he swim, and he finished iu^ brilliant style some considerable distance ahead of his opponent — it was certainly 30 yards, if not. quite. 50 — and left the water perfectly fresh. The gentlemanly young Australian has won the esteem of all who have been brought in contact with him. He puts no ' side ' on, there is no affec tation or bombast about him, and he must be very warmly congratulated 'on his well-deserved victory. Tyers did well to decline to swim the five-miles raCe — he certainly wouldn't bave had a ghost of a chance. AU the same, however, when he was the one to formally issue the challenge, it might have been thought that British pluck, if nothing else, would Have led him to see the engagements through. Mr. Cavill, therefore, may claim international honours with the full astisfaction of having come out victor of a fair fight. ' ' AN ATJTHOBITATrVE STATEMENT. ' One of the bestinf ormed authorities on swimming matters is the correspondent of the ' Manchester Guardian,' and the following statement, which appears in Monday's issue, wUl effectually dispel whatever doubts some people mav jet harbour in their minds :— ' The race at Blackpool on Saturday betwixt Cavill and Tyers was by general opinion re garded as the finest ever witnessed. The swimmers were rarely seen for the huge waves which dashed over them, and it was well that both were in grand condition to withstand the buffeting received. They swam almost parallel with the shore. Cavill swam the better course, Tyers getting too near the shore, despite the frantic efforts of his coach to get him. away seaward. There was no doubt as to the result, for Cavill held a very distinct lead at half distance, which was gradually increased to 50 yards at the finish. Owing to one ot the stakes at the finishing point having been washed away, some ob ? jection was taken to the victory of Cavill, and this was dealt with at a later stage by the judges — Mr. R. J. Sanders (on behalf of Tvers) and Mr F. Baxter, of the A.S.A. (on behalf of Cavill)— who finally agreed th it there was no ground for the ob jectiAi, without calling upon the referee, Mr. J. H'. Fisher, president of the N.C.A.S. &.., to decide the matter. It appears that it was originally in tended to finish between two stakes, one of which, however, had been washed away before the race started. Thereupon instructions were given to the judges to draw an imaginary line with the end of, the Victoria pier, and award the race to the first man passing it, and this was done. On an examination being afterwards made, it was found that Cavill had actually passed between the stakes as originally placed, and that Tyers had passed between the pier and the first 6take— being, as stated, 50 yards be hind—so that the objector was really, had it been a close finish, the one to be disqualified. The dis covery cleared away all doubts to the satisfaction of all parties, and Cavill established bis reputation as one of the finest swimmers of the day. Our correspondent was requested to announce that Tyers has now declined to swim the five-miles race, fixed for Wednesday next, and that, having broken his agreement to 6wim three ra?es, the contests, an arranged between Cavill and Tyers, are now at an end. The decision of the Englishman is much re gretted, and little hopes are entertained of another meeting between him and the Australian.' ' Mr. J. Hellings, writing on September 24, to his relatives in Sydney, says : ' While at Brixton I . twisted my bad knee (he hurt his knee at football some little time ago), and when I got back to Lou don it became very bad, and I could not train for the 250 Yards Championship, which comes off to morrow, 60 I will not start. (Tyers beat Derbyshire by three yards.) The knee is getting all right for the 100 yards, which comes off to-morrow week. (This was won by Tyers. Hellings swam a dead heat with Derbyshire for second place, the Sydney represen tative unfortunately missed his turn.) I tried my knee in a 60-yards handicap on Wednesday, and it stood pretty well, as I swam from scratch in record time of 33 seconds. I have a couple of handicap races to swim in next week, so they will try me for the 100 yards. I have had a few offers to stay here, but they are not too good. I am, however, con sidering whether to stay for 12 months or not. If I get a fairly good offer I will try a London winter. V1. Lindberg and myself have struck on really good friends in the Strattons, of New Zealand.' Mr. V. Lindberg also writes : — ' Jack Hellings and I are training together for the 100 yar.is championship, and I think he can just about win, and I have a chance for a place. I won my first race in London last week, an 88-yaids handicap. I had 5 seconds off Hellings, who got third, and I swam second the night before in a 90-yards handicap to Henry, to whom I was giving a start of a second, and I was only beaten by a touch. I have now won three seconds and a first. Jack Hellings has won six races, and the prize for the one at Manchester was a lovely shield worth £15. We are swimming two or three nights a week at present, and if I cannot win two or three more events it won't be my fauttt' 