Sermon. Pentecostal Power. Bt Ret. "W. Slant, or Hicxix. X wartt to raise one or two preliminary questions., What is the church ? And what is her mission in the world ?' The answer is this: The church consists of all who call Christ Saviour and Lord, who possess His spirit, and who seek to fulfil His-, mission in the world. Now what is the mission of the church in the world ? It is twofold. She is called to evangelise the world, to bring the world in submission and faitli to tha feet of Christ, and to instruct the world thus won in His laws. This is her work as laid down in the terms of the great commission. "Make disciples of all the nations, and teach them to observe all the tilings I have commanded.*' To turn the world from its sin, and convert it into the kingdom oi God : this is the supreme task of the church, a task of gigantic difficulty and demanding a higher than human power. The Chuech's Qualification. Now what is the supreme qualification for such a mighty work? "Go ye, make disciples of all the nations, but tarry first till ye be clothed with power from on high. As the Father hath sent Me, even so send I you. And he breathed on them and saith, Receive ye the Holy Ghost; yc shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be My witnesses unto the ends of the earth." In such words did the Lord of the church lay down her mission, and indicate the power by which she was to fulfil it. Pentecost is the church's qualification. What is Pentecost? It is 'the descent of God the Holy Ghost to fake up His abode in the church, to teach, strengthen, inspire, and in other ways to fit her for her mission in the world. Pentecost means the empowering of the church both for work and moral warfare; it means the " union of vast spiritual power with feeble human agency• it means the Spirit of Good centring itself in the church, and antagonising itself, through the church, to the spirit of evil in the world. Pentecost means the enriching of Christians individually and collectively with the divine fullness of the invisible and spiritual Christ, the con tinuance of His presence and resources amongst men. The distinguishing feature of Pentecost was " they were all filled with the Holy Ghost," without exception. "All filled," not only the apostles, but the rank and-file of the church, men and women alike. Each had his tongue of fire, each his filling of spiritual power, so that cacli became a centre from which radiated the light and holiness of God upon the surrounding darkness. This is that characteristic feature of Pentecost, which the church, in later ages, has nearly lost sight of. What are the siims of Pentecostal nower? High-toned SrrKrnjixnr. [ The descent of (ho Spins raised the life of the church. She became in the truest sense of theword unworldly. Her affections wereset on things above; her ideals were of the loftiest I and purest land. She then lived in the ! clarified TCgions of high aims and holy fcllow | ships. She renewed her strength and mounted up with wings as an eagle. She was a church with the world under hc^ieet. Her life was one of fervent prayer, bounding praise, and all-conquering faith. To the church in her Pentecostal age, the spiritual universe was a profound reality, and ;he lived in closest touch with the upper side of it. She was then in possession of the power of an endless life. Unity of soul and service was another mark of Pentecostal power. "They were of one heart and one soul." The church of the Pentecost was noted for her consecration and concentration. She served God, and had no fellowship with mammon.' Her all was on the altar, and her whole service centred on her mission. Her whole influence was for Christ. Then was the chnrch strong in the might of a single spirit and a single aim, and what wonder that the hosts.of evil fled before her onward march. The Powee of Ieeesisthle Witness. " Ye shall receive power and ye shall be my witnesses," were among the farewell words of Christ to His disciples. " With great power gave the apostles their witness." Then the church dealt with facts, not with theories. She bad something positive to tell the world about her Lord, and she told it out with u boldness." Testimony, and not argu ment, was the chief instrument in the word-of-mouth ministry of the early church. She converted the old world by the power of a Spirit-backcd testimony. Her tongue was a tongue of fire, and her speech burned. Christ was a living, bright reality to the consciousness of the church, and she with her tongue of fire, " made known to the sons of men the signs in fallible," and there were added to the church daily those that were being saved. Con tagious enthusiasm marked the life of the Pentecostal church. "They were all filled with the Holy Ghost," and from that hour the disciples became a baud of enthusiasts, so much so that the very first criticism tho world passed on them was, that they were drunk, but they were not drunk in the vulgar sense of the term. They were inspired. God had breathed His own life into them, and raised their religion to the high level of an impassioned earnestness. The effect of the baptism was a mighty quicken ing of their whole nature—body, soul, and spirit experienced the reviving touch of God. Their religion took fire. Their joy became exultant; their love became a flame; their zeal suddenly shot up to boiling point. They became men of action. Their season cf wait ing was past, they had found u new tongue, and use it the** must, and use it they did. With spirits rapt, inspired, overborne, each took up the work that lay nearest to hand, and the result was three thousand souls for the -'Lord that first Pentecostal day. Their religion became a contagion. It bad a mar* vellous propagativd power. It leaped for ward like fire among dry stubble. There is nothing so contagious as joy, nothing so win some as love, nothing so convincing as earnestness. Love, joy, and ?eal always, make enthusiast^ and enthusiasts always win. Pentecost was the church's equipment for work and warfare, the pledge of her victory over the world, tho flesh, and the devil. Thus equipped she went forth and led the old world captive, in penitence with faith, in love and loyalty to her great Master's feet. High-toned spirituality, unityof soul and service, invinciblo courage, irresistible testi mony, contagious enthusiasm are, in every age, the characteristic features of Pentecostal power. Church Lite of To-day. Are these the prominent features of the elmrch life of to-day? Are fbeso the marks of our owu church life ? To these questions we must return a sorrowful no. ,TI» church j needs above all things a new baptism of spirituality, a new baptism of holy boldness, a new baptism of contagious earnestness. In a word she needs a revival of Pentecostal power. Her children need to become once again whole- souled, consecrated, concen trated, Spirit-filled, with the mark of loyalty to Christ stumped on their brow, and with love as an all-consuming passion for lost men, in their hearts. Is Chbistianitt a Failure? This question has been asked a good deal lately. Let us honestly face it for a'moment. Let us think of the stupendous claim of Christ. " All power . hath been given Me in heaven and in earth then think of the church with her tens of thousands of clergy and other workers, with her tens of millions of members, with her scores of millions of Bibles and works in sup port of the Bible: let us think, I say, of the •'all power " of Christ, uud of the church and her hosts. And think, after niueteen hundred years of so-called Christian influence and activity, of the sad state of the* world. Of the civilised world with its insane standing armies and navies, and the growing tendency to increase in this direction; with its lusts of the flesh, of money, and of power, of power for c^en-iiling and crushing the weak. Of the pagan and heathen world, with its superstition, cruelty, and sin. Think, I say, of all theso present-day evils, and can wo wonder that agnostics ask with a sneer, " "Where is the evidence of the 4 all power ' of your Christ ? His boastful victory over the world seems as far off as ever; your legendary devil is still the god of this world, and bus a far larger following thaii Josus of Nazareth." These taunts make our cheeks burn, and our hearts sad, for in our deepest conscience we feel that such a taunt ought to have been an impossibility in the closing days of the nineteenth century. The Cause of Failure. "We oil . know there is something wrong1 somewhere. Yet wo are certain there is 110 lack of power in Christ, for wo are not un mindful of His splendid and far- reaching victories in the early centuries, victories won against as great odds as the world could muster to-day. Yet we feel there is failure somewhere. To whose door, shall we trace it ? I say to the door of the church. And this is the secret of the failure: The church has slighted, if not rejected the Ho'y Ghost. While she has retained Him in her creed, she has denied Him in her practice. The church has trusted in an arm of flesh rather thaii in the Spirit of the living God. She has leaned on emperors aud kings, on armies and navies, on parliaments, on priesthoods, on theologies, on sacraments, on rites and ceremonies, on any thing rather than the Iloly Spirit. She has substituted the material for the spiritual, the power of man for the power of God. " Sho has allowed concrete symbols to usurp the place of the living God." She has deified her sacraments and worshipped them; she has exalted her priesthoods and gloried in her authority. And while she has been doing this tho power of God has departed from her, as it did from Samson of old, through his dalliance with the strange woman of Phiiistia. The church has lost the power to transmit the fullness of the unseen spiritual Christ to men, and hence at the close of the nineteenth century her work in the world has many marks of failure. No Laos of Power. Yet we are satisfied there is power enough for the full accomplishment of all tho Lord's designs, for the Spirit of the Lord is not straitened. All power in heaven and earth is in His hands. There is power enough at tho Source. It has been blocked at its outflow. The Lord has been hampered in relation to His disbursements. His channels of communication have been choked. The connection has been broken—the wires cut. The supply of power lias been immensely larger than the means of conveyance. The glorified Christ has been sorely hampered for tho want of hearts, souls, and lives, into which and through which to pour the fullness of His life. The river of the water of life would hare distributed itself ere this in healthful streams over the whole of humanity, but it has been dammed up by huge banks of error—priestcraft, worldliness, unbelief, in difference, and love of ease—within the church itself. God Hindered in His "Wore. God cannot get His Spirit upon the world if His church refuse to convey it. This is a point I want to press, for it is just here that failuro comes in. Many Christian people seem to think that God deals directly with tho world. This is their mistake. If ever the Spirit is to move the world, it will be through the church. The church is the point of contact between God and the world. The one hundred and twenty in the upper room formed the point of contact, between God and the Jerusalem sinners. It was through them that the Pentecostal power flowed to the outside world. The Okoan cf Manifestation. The church is the body of Christ—the organ through which the invisible and spiritual Christ manifests His saving power to the world. Tnihafc body of belicving*men; called the church, the unseen -glorified Christ, tough • tho Holy Spirit, seeks rein carnation and re-expression. . His abid ing saving power in the world is hinged on Bis re-embodiment. This is tho truth St. Paul puts before us in that suggestive phrase, Tho church which is His body." This is the truth our Lord Himself teaches in another form, hut equally suggestive: "I am (lie vine, ye are the branches." Christ and Bis church are indispensable the one to the other. In a certain qualified way, Christ without His people can do nothing. The branch is essential to the vine. A branchless vino is a fruitless vine. And, up to a certain point, a branchless Christ is a fruitless Christ. As the vine needs the branch through which to send its invisible eap, and on which to express its bounteous life in visible luscious fruit, 20 Christ needsalivingchurch through whiehto manifest to dying men the life of which He is so full. A true church is a living organism, pulsating with the life-forco of the invisible Christ, and manifesting that force, in tender virtues, beauteous graces, and saving deeds to the world. And the mediating agent is the Holy Spirit, centred within tho soul of such a cnurch. The church is the orgun of contact between the unseen Christ and the world oi sinful men. Every great revival has had some point of contact, some soul or sonla through which the saving power of God flowed forth to the world. This could easily be illustrated from tho history of the church. In 1830 a great revival occurred in Ireland, in which more conver sions took plaoe than iu all the previous 50 years. That revival was traced to its origin. First it was traced to a certain county, then to a town in that county, then to a district in that town, then to a workshop in that district, then to four young men in that workshop. These young men bad regularly met iov prayer for a revival of the work o"f God, and these four became the point of contact be tween God and the outside world. They became the channels of blessings to others, lad tens of thousands got converted to God. Reception and Conveyance. It is jnst a question of reception and con veyance ; of inflow and outflow ; of receiving and giving:. To this double fact our Low Himself calk attention. "If any man tbirst let him come unto mo and.. drink, and from within him .shall flow rivers of living- water." It is just a question of inflow and outflow. No.w it follows that the church can only give as she receives. "When her lifo • runs low, when her fellowship with the source of power is fechlo or intermittent, her spiritual service to the world becomes limited; but when she is " filled with the spirit," then she saves and enriches men. The Need op the "Whole Cntnicn. Pentecostal power is needed by the church as a whole. All are commanded to possess it, all may enjoy it, all may use it. No one has a monopoly, of the Holy Ghost. He belongs to 110 exclusive cast or priesthood. He is the common heritage of the whole church. Lite God's pure air and glorious sunlight, His grace and power are for all. There i« a Pentecost for every Christian who is prepared to claim it, and to accept the responsibility it brings. There is a possible "filling with the Spirit" within the reach of the humblest member of Christ." Christ lives and reigns to clothe His people with power from on high. " Bo filled with the Spirit " is the divine command to every Christian. If Ihe church, as a whole, were to arise and claim her Pentecost and fulfill her obliga tions, then should we sec the kingdom of God coming with leaps and bounds. Soon would be the sign of the Son of Han iti tbo heavens, and the hour draw rapidly' near for the evolution of the new heavens and the new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness. Appeal. Brethren of the ministry, brethren of the laity, brothers and sisters of the church—it is for us to decide whether such a day of power 3hall dawn on this colony; it is for us to de cide whether that spirit which took hold of the fathers ox the church, and used them mightily in spite of their many educational aud social disadvantages, shall take hold of us, their more favoured sons and- daughters, and use us as Ho did them, for His glory and the extension and establishment of His kingdom amongst men. Let us to our knees in pcnitenco and faith, in stern self emptying, in strong crying and tears, and in earnest pleading of the promise—1"If yo then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the. Holy Spirit to them that call on him." 