The Gladness of Gotl in Saving; Men, By Dr. John Clifford, M.A. "According to the Gospel of the glory of the blessed God," — I. Timothy, 1. 2. (Concluded from Last Week.) IH. Now God cannot be known as thug glad to redeem without the heart of th Gospel belngjtnown, and when the heart of the Gospel ia known man la saved; Ho is saved from misgiving as to the free- ness and completeness of the Divine par don. Bunyan .tells us, in his "Grace Abounding," how that for years he lived in agony because he could not discover peace with God. When we turn to the New Testament we find no repetition of the experience of John Bunyan. The Eunuch hears from the iips of Phillip the preaching concern ing Jesus Christ, becomes a Christian, and is baptised forthwith. Cornelius lis tens to Peter as he proclaims Christ to him, the Son of that God who Is no re specter of persons, but recelveth eveary- one who fears Him and works righteous ness; and he at once accepts the Divins pardon, and is invaded and overflowed wifth the energy of the Holy Ghost Three thousand on the Day of Pentecost hear of the crucified Jesus as the exalted Lord and Christ and listening to and accepting the message receive salvation from all doubt as to the freeness of God's par don. How can you doubt the reality and oertalnity and adequacy of that pardon when God Himself delights to give it? WHY THIS SCEPTICISM about the mercy of God when he hat taken so much pains to make it clear that it is His joy to receive you? His meroy endureth for ever. . Why should any man hug his sin to himself, as if he could not live In the consciousness of God's full compassion, and in the acceptance of God's free and complete pardon? 2\. To know that God is glad to redeem is certainly salvation from all fear and apprehension concerning the continuity of our Christian progress and the final Issue of our Christian endeavor. The early Christians were able to say in. & prefectly logical and commonsense way, "He that hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ." The work in which you delight is not instantly surrendered or broken off midway.Joykeepsyouat it and holds you to your post and makes it easy for you to persevere to the end. So God, having Himself wrought out for you everlasting salvation in Jesus Christ, will assuredly work In you to work out your own salva tion, though it may be with much fear and misgiving concerning temptation ; but never with a trembling spirit con cerning God or the adequacy of his re sources. You will say ait every stags, "If (Sod be for me, who can be against me?" As He is not appearing as Saviour merely by necessity, or by the misery of the situation, but because of His owa delight in repairing the ruined temple and reconstructing His fallen universe, therefore we may say with Paul, "I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that He is able to keep that which I committed to Him against that day." 3\. And if this message be accepted, shall we not also be saved from any misgiving concerning the final overpowering of goodness by evil, and be filled with a Divine content even amidst the manifold miseries and wretchedness of our lot ? Shall we complain because we cannot clearly understand all that has taken place in our own day and within pur own observation, and speak as though God had ceased to attend to and rejoice in His saving work? No, rather let us find SERENITY AND JOY in the thought, that God has set Himself with glad-heartedness to the work of uni versal redemption, that His counsels stand fast, and that His purpose is from generation to generation, and ' will triumph. So shall we be able to erites into the significance of the saying of Ne- hemlah, "The joy of the Lord is you stronghold." It Is a place Into which you can betake yourself when attacked by foes, and find abundant protection. To know the message of God as it la given in the Gospel, to see and feel thai He Himself is glad to redeem, that ia salvation. Why, then, should you not rejoice In this salvation to-night? and live in the consciousness of Divine peace, and in I the assurance that God Himself is not distant from you and Indifferent to you, but is actually carrying on for you what Jesus Christ was carrying on for His Vwn dfecipies and followers. Get your doctrine of God where Paul got his, and you will be aWe to talk about the gospel Of the glory of the blessed God, and know that He rejoices in all His work for the salvation of man, for your own personal salvation Could I convince you of this it would be the beginning of a new life for you? Then you might, With the swiftness of the Eunuch and She certainty of Cornelius, raither than SLe slowness of John Bunyan, enter to the blessedness of the Gospel of the Saviour. XV. But we shall do injustice to our text If we failed to recognise that this Incidental statement is so introduced by the Apostle as to indicate to us that the self-same Gospel is .to him A HIGH ETHICAL STANDARD fend source of ethical energy. You know the way in which the passage comes to us : "According to the Gospel of the glory of the blessed God." What is ft that is to "be according to this Gos pel?" It is "sound doctrine," says Plaul; that is to say, the teaching that makes men sound in moral wind and Jlmb, and fits them for a robust, and jnanly life. Not sound doctrine in the Jnischlevous mediaeval sense of a sound ireed .That conception of Paul's teach ing has wrought more mischief than any other legacy that has come to us .from the period of logic-chopping and hard metaphysical talk. What is in Paul's mind is the teaching which makes manhood and builds men up in the three qualities that he speaks of in the previous part of this paragraph — in love that is out of a pure heart, in a good conscience, and in faith that Is unfeign ed — carries men on from all 'that is hate ful and unreal, and from all that is dis trustful, to that which is radiant with love, and true in its loyalty to God and to conscience, and rich in its repose on the infinite power and grace of Christ. Those who are familiar with Paul's writings -will recognise the facility with which be introduces at different points those words "according to." He wishes to show that there is no limit to " the power" that makes good Christian men of us, and he says that it works in us 'according to the power that raised Jesus from the dead." So he puts info our hands as a Standard test of the Di vine grace the great miracle of Chris tianity ! He wishes us to know that we can offer any prayer that comes into our heart that concerns the building up of our character, and he says it will be answered "according to the power that worketh in us," and therefore God will do exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think. So here he is tell ing the teacher© what they ere to teach, and says that the old law gave us a sketch of AN IDEAL MAN. hut the sketch was Imperfect. It re quired to be completed; the law of Moses set before us a type of manhood, which lias to be corrected and enlarged by the revelation of the real man, Christ Jesus. That is "sound doctrine" — doctrine which makes men moral and spiritually sound, which enables men to attain to the manhood of Christ. So that this Gospel is for Paul a cer tain rule that he carries about with him to test all teaching; juat as a car penter carries with him a three-foot rule and as a man carries ta watch with which to measure time, so Paul carries .with him this gospel — as a measure of ethical teaching. And he vindicates a position like this by discovering to us the deep delight of God in the redemp tion of mankind which is calculated to give force to the conscience, to quicken the love of the heart and perfect the consecration of the man; and any teach ing that falls short of this great goal is not "according to the glorious Gospel of the blessed God." Here, therefore, is revealed to us what we are to do with God's Gospel when We have got it. It comes to us as a message acquitting us completely of the guilt of our transgressions, and intro duces us to peace with God and joy in God. It supplies us with great forces that we are to use in making men of ourselves, and In helping forward the manhood of the world. Such is the Gospel of the glOiry of the blessed God. Learn it. Accent it. Love it. Preach it. Practice it, until this grand old Gospel is known to every body and has become the peace, the strength, the joy of men. "Look not mournfully into the past; it comes not hack again. Wisely im prove the present; it is thine!"— Long fellow. Men might spin, and churn, and knit, find sew, and cook, and rock the cradle for a hundred generations and not be women. And women will not become anen by external occupations. God's colors do not wash out; sex is dyed in .the wool. — H. W. Beeclier. At a recent meeting of the Glasgow Philosophical Society, Dr John Macin- tyre exhibited some remarkable Ront- gen pictures by means of a kinemato- graph. Controlling the motions of a frog's limbs by mechanical means, be il luminated tbem by a Crooke's tube, ac tuated by a 10-inch spark coil. He then covered the instrument with lead foil, presumably removing the lens, and sub stituting for it a lead diaphragm, with small aperture. Then illuminating the tube, and setting the kinematograph, . Supplied with 35ft of film, in motion, he j . obtained a series of views of the skele- ton, which, placed in the instrument, enabled him to show to a large audience actual movements of the hones of tiiciimbSv 