flood and field. (BY CAPTAIN COB). Mahy aigrand innings has beeii' played on the Adelaide Oval, George Giffen has made his centuries in' masterly style, Lyons has banged them up faster than anyone else could, Albert Ward, of Lancashire, made 219 two years and a half ago, by' perfect batting, and Clem Hill, 1 when just eighteen years of age, played beautiful cricket for 150 not out against .Stoddart's first team, but never has a finer exhibition of all-round batting been seeu in Adelaide than Clem's 'display On Thursday, when' he; scored 200 not out against the Englishmen, (says the " Register.") As a gentleman from Sydney remarked. " it was worth comiugall the way from Sydney to see." The bowlers plied him with all sorts of theories. They pegged ^ bis off stump, at his legs, outside the wickct altogether; they bowled him fast balls and they bowled him slows but he disposed of every ball with masterly judgement, acting strictly on the defensive when necessary, and hitting when be had the opportunity—in fact, he executed practically every stroke known in the science of batting. The young batsman lias only to make seven more runs to head the highest score he has yet got in first-class cricket—his 206 not out for South Australiaagainst New South Wales : at Sydney last year, the innings which gained him lii6 plate in the Australian Eleven. The hardiest and most skilful batsman who ever withstood the assaults of a "demon howler" will hear with misgiving of the invention, by a too ingenious American "professor," of a mechanical bowling apparatus, an unspeakable arrangement of barrel, spring and trigger, from which the ball is delivered precisely as if it were fired from a gun, and by the use of which the art •of the bowler, as at present understood, is to be rendered a superfluous acquirement. Though we are becoming accustomed, in this inventive and trouble-saving age, to have most things done for us-by 'machinery, the line will assuredly .be .drawn at this villainously 'unsportsmanlike contrivance, the adoption of which might just as well be followed by that of mechanical batsmen and an automatic "field." Mechanical ingenuity is an excellent thing in its proper sphere; but the domain of athletics is no place for its exercise. Young Trumper, of N.S.W., is batting in form at Sydney, his two last innings being 83 and 123. The fine play Saturday after Saturday by such colts as Trumper, Pye, Poidevin, Hopkins, Austin, Noonan, and Farquahar, will make the picking of the N.S.W. representative team particularly difficult. The nine professionals of Stoddart's team, while in Melbourne, will -stay at the White Hait Hotel. The pro's of the last English team put up at the same hostelry. The gentlemen will probably camp at Menzies', nut people are wondering if Prince Ranhitflwiftly will be invited to isolate himself at Government House. The no-balling of Jones by Phillips in the late match against South Australia, is the subject of keen discussion in Adelaide. Most of the South Australians say Jonah's delivery is perfectly fair, and that Phillips was decidedly wrong in no- balling him. Every true lover of cricket will back Phillips up, and say that he did the correct thing. Without' doubt, Jones does now and then throw. Good cricketing authorities at home maintain that no one who bowls at Jonah's pace can do so with a bent arm. Now that the question has arisen, Jones will probably Alter his style of delivery. Although George Giffen has retired from International and Intercolonial cricket, he is still playing in club matches. He was bowled for a duck last .Saturday,- a thing that has never happened to him before in a club match. The recent watch. betw,e§n Stoddart's eleven and South Australia, which whs left drawn through the Englishmen leaving to see the Melbourne Cup, is the first occasion in ten years in Adelaide of,a first class match «oeing left unfinished. Curiously enough that match was also against an English team, viz., Hon. M. B. Hawke's, ana this, like the last match, would probably have been a victory for the Englishmen. Probably the promoters of the tour lost £400 or £500 by hurrying the departure of Stoddart's team to Melbourne. A striking feature of^jthe great innings' Hill has played in first class matches has been their absolute faultlessness. His 150, notout, against Stoddart's first team, his :206not out, against New South Wales in 1896, and his 200 in the last match were all .made without a "mistake, and scarcely a ialse stroke.' .Ranji. by the way, is not only a nonsmoker, but a teetotaller, ,and there is a golden opportunity for the members of the W.C.T.U. to make use of him oh the platform.' It looks as if the ga'ieties they have been indulging in have been too much for Stoddart and his team, judging from the moderate form they are displaying against the not over strong Victorian team. The South Australians gave a wretched exhibition of fielding against Stoddart's eleven. From all reports they missed somewhere about twenty catches, probably due to George Giffen not playing with them ? Why did the Port officials refuse admittance to the Press representatives on the enclosure when the League rules distinctly recognise the right of such representatives to be admitted at all meetings held under the league auspices ? The action of the Port officials in this and other matters is likely to lead the club into serious trouble. The most promising colt that has come forward in England since the days of W. G. Grace is V. S. F. Crawford, who will play for the Surrey eleven next season. His record in minor matches last year was extraordinary. Nine times he scored over a hundred in an innings, and totalled 3,160 runs during the year. In addition he took 172 wickets. This is a magnificent performance, and one that has never been equalled. # * # M. Cordang, the Dutch cyclist, recently did a marvellous performance at the Crystal Palacs, London. Not only did he beat Huret's twenty-four hours' record of 565 miles, but passed it by over fifty miles, completing a distance of 616 miles 340 yards in twice round the clock. This means an average of 25f miles all the way, and so fresh was he. at the finish that in the last hour he rode over 28 miles. If he only could be induced to come to Australia he would make a good sum in prize money. It does not seem as if the S.A. Cycling officials were entirely blameless over the Martin business. They called up Plugger Bill for suspicious riding in die mile event and when Billexplainedthathe was exhausted from riding 101 gear instead of his usual 96, they exonerated him. Wheit Bill went out a quarter-of-an.hour later to ride in the final of another race, he was ordered off the track. Martin was very angry at this treatment before the crowd and denied the power of the league to call him off without reason. The meeting of the Port Cycling and Touring Club at Fremantle on Saturday last was ludicrous in the extreme. In the first place, the League had suspended Morrison from riding until they heard his explanation re the letter he wrote to the Press regarding the conduct of the judges at the recent meeting held in Perth. Morrison had been summoned to appear before the League officials at a meeting to be held at the end of this week. The Port Cycling and Touring Club had Jieen duly notified to this effect, and although they declined to let Morrison start in the'first race, they deliberately ignored the League and let Morrison start in the next race he was entered for. In consequence of this action the racing and record committee handed in their badges and left the ground, followed soon after oy the secretary and one of the League officials. The League racing and record committee held a meeting the same evening and decided to withdraw their patronage at the second day's meeting held on Tuesday last. When thiB decision was communicated to Mr. Law, the chairman of the Council, he requested the members of the committee to interview the president of the Port Club, with the'reBult that this official obtained from the committee of his club a written apology signed by all the members with one exception. This apology was accepted, and it was decided to attend the meeting on Tuesday, and to leave the further consideration of the Port Club's action until the next council meeting. This kind of beg-pardon style is not calculated to improve cycle racing in Western Australia. The next fiasco was the running of the" final heat of the -First-class Handicap. Five started in this race, viz., Porta, Fitzgerald, Chidlow, Irvine, and Stotter. The first lap was fairly fast; the second was ridden at a • cinwling pace, so the-officials in their wis-' dom declared it no race. The competitors, , . .. - r il(j the race run over again at the conclasion of the other events. When the bell was rung only -Irvine made his appearance,,'khd he rode the race by himself, Deing pelted with stones as be was riding round the track. Now, as the racing and record committee had already handed xn their badges and left the enclosure, the Port officials had no power whatever to stop the race, and although Irvine completea-the race by himself, he certainly is not entitled to the prize money, which should be handed over to the Italian. Irvine was advised by one of the record and racing committee to this effect before he started, hut in face of this completed the mile. If if was no race, why did the Port officials ask Coultas (who had not started in the final) to race with Irvine after the other competitors declined to run the race over again ? This conduct of the officials looked as if they wanted to completely ignore the racing and record committee, but as the latter body represent the League, their action was a deliberate insult to the governing body. Bilmartin, the disgraced, was born in Dublin, but became an Amurkan citizen before bis eyes opened, (says .the "Critic.") Spending his boyhood in New York, Bill went to sea at the age of 12, and for a similar period served before the mast, seeing lieai'ly every country in the world In that capacity. It was in the fo'csle that Bill learned the art of plugging with his fists, ard built up the magnificent physique which has made him the hero of the Australian cycling public for the last two years. Sickening of the smell of the tar and harness caskv Bill,' like most seamen, turned up the game at about 25, aud " went west, youug man," where he punched the indolent bullock for a while. Then it was that Martin accepted the offer of bar tender in a Nebra ska saloon, a position requiring a pepuliar of skill, strength, and pluck, inasmuch as the wild and woolly cowboy is wont to strew a bar-floor with corpses. But Bill escaped all perils, and became a cyclist on the old ordinary. Not many days riding sufficed to show him that he had struck his proper sport, and not many weeks made him champion of the territory. From that date Martin has been a professional cyclist, and, despite all his faults, as sterling and plucky a rider as ever crossed a wheel. In New York several weeks ago, a. competitor named Mrs. Hattie White beat the 300 mile record for ladies in a nerve- stirring race, during which she had to execute a kind of bicycle steeplechase over the prostrate form of another champion lady-rider. In explanation of her neglect to pass round the obstacle instead of over it she said that she had already lost ground, and the " the excitement of the run takes all sentiment out of the question." The men who were in the race had equally little "sentiment" in their cycling composition, for three of them ran over the same lady, who afterwards described the sensation as resembling that of being "flayed alive." Of course, no one stopped to ask her if she was hurt; on the contrary, two or three of the competitors laughed at her discomfiture. The N.S.W. League of Wheelmen will carry out an afternoon and electric light sports meeting on December 18. The Austral wheel race in Melbourne prevented them from having a two Saturdays' meeting- Platt-Betts has more world records to his credit than any other rider in the world. He holds all records from a quarter of a mile to 30 miles, the whole being accomplished by the aid of Duulop tyres. From an Adelaide exchange I clip the following:—"A. E. Da vies, the well-known cyclist, created a little stir in the Jubilee Oval reserve on the last day of the recent meeting by relieving one of the purse-tiick tribe of three sovereigns anda purse. Edward Dopking, the injured one, laid an information against him which was to have been heard at the Police Court on Monday. Davies was there with his counsel, but Dopking did not turn up, and the former went on his way rejoicing." The Northain Bicycle Club is asking the League of Western Australian Wheelmen for patronage to a two days' sports meeting on the 26th and 29th inst. It is understood that as a result of the squabble between the Port Cycling and Touring Club and the League of W.A.W., several members of the club have been asked to resign their official positions on the League. M. Porta aud J. A. Healy have gone to Kalgoorlie for the sports meeting there this aud next week. Between them they should account for the rich plums among the prizes to be won at the meetings. W. Kux has broken J. E. Snell's Adelaide to Melbourne record by 10 hours. He arrived in Melbourne at 12*50 p. m. on Monday. The cycling race season is not to last much longer. The iron steed, the track racer that is, may be " turned out" very shortly for a rest that he has fairly earned. Only last week the League of S.A. Wheelmen handed to the North Adelaide Cycling Club the Stearns's Loving Cup trophy which belongs to tie the club for 12 months under the conditions of presentation. The League refrained from handing the trophy over in proper form for some months, but graciously lent it to the club a month ago for ft to be exhibited at a social, then took it back, but have at last handed it over. J. H. Cooper and G. D. Stotter are genuine goers always. There is rarely even the whisper " Is he trying ?" in respect to either man. • TheP.C. andT.C. have much to learn in respect to thfe proper treatment which it is politic to accord the Press. The reporters of the dailies spoke not one whit too strong upon the shabby treatment meted out to them on the Fi-emantle Oval last Saturday. CLARE'S WEEKLY was not one 'of the offended papers, but it will voice an opinion on the subject none the less feelingly. # # # Next Wednesday nominations for the Perth Cup, Railway Stakes, Flying Stakes, First Hurdles, and Metropolitan Hurdles, must be tendered to the Secretary of the W.A. Turf Club at the office, St. George's Terrace. Mr. W. T. "Bravo" Jones threw in for a very fair win over Gaulus. With Mr. W. R. Wilson he was also a good winner over Merman in the Csarewitch Stakes. Mr. Jones is both backiiie^aad^Lttcjjqg them on English courees^0K^gfpifl jf. Mr, Tom Q^f&^S^^ Sylvia by ai^ior^tlirough MeS and Grimwtwd, ON Monday last, M Connor securing her for 1,50 guineas aft spirited biddiWg." Alf. Shawha^bepn givenS the filly, who Tfi jnjtlie next W.AwDerby, to train. \ Nominations fdt^ tire „ Canning Pai November 20th meeting, weights^] Mr. Smith declared yesteftiey^JJnraj instant) were from fair to good." events filled with the followiug respective totals of entries—Hurdles, 11; Pony Handicap, 5; November Handicap, 21 ; Spring Stakes, 8; Maddington Stakes, 9; Final Handicap, 19. I believe theR.A.S, entered for the Hurdles is the Glorious hurdle racing gelding, who has been racing on the other side, and which Mr. E. G. S. Hare has leased to race here. Final payments for this Canning Park November 20th meeting, are due on Monday, the 15th instant. Glancing at the latest issue of the " Western Australian Racing Calendar," the absence of an up-to-date list of "wipingouts," suspensions and disqualifications by the boss turf club, the W.A.T.C. to wit, struck my eye. The " life" sentence of George McDonald isn't recorded in the "Calendar's" pages, nor are the "sentences " given other workers of malpractice on the local turf. At Yuille and Co.'s Newmarket yards in in Melbourne, on Monday last. Paul Pry was sold by auction to Sir Rupert Clarke for 500 guineas. Mr. Hare is thus NOT to be commiserated upon for losing such a friend as Pry proved to him. Originally costing him under £300, Mr. Hare won close upon £1,000 in stakes with Paul Pry th this colony inside of ten months, and has now sold him for 600 guineas. Not too bad. Railway charges, as they are made. A second-class return ticket from Moonee Valley to Melbourne costs 5£d. A second —well, it is the all and only—class return from Perth to Perth Racecourse costs 3s. 6d. Second-class return to Canning Park, 2s. 6d. Till some reduction in these monstrous Westralian charges are made the masses— even those with sporting instinct—will not flock to our local courses. Not a single local tipster gave Gaulus straight out for the Melbourne Cup. But, on the principle that honor should be given to those to whom honor is due. I will pat " Mosquito," a rhymester in the Adelaide weekly "Quiz," for the following verse, which was published on the Friday before Cup day :— THE MELBOURNE CUP. I dreamed a dreain. Don't laugh, my friends, I've backed my vision for a fiver, And if I lose, my turf life ends, And I slii'n't be worth a blessed stiver ! My dreamland horse wasBO distinct That I'll be shot if I am " pinked." So come, and if fate don't appal us We'll have a win on merry GAULUS. MOSQUITO. A number of reputable ring-men from the other side, Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, will arrive here next month, with the Perth Cup Meeting looming in the near future as a means of their pursuing their avocation to profitable ends. Among these may be mentioned—Messrs. Abrahams ("The Count"—Oxenha:n's partner), W. Malier, Sol.'Green, and 8am Bradley. The last is a bookie of the "young' blood" type—solid as a rock, and with a big South Australian racing man backing him. Reported that Best Man has been sold to A. E. Hobby, who has been training the beast for Mr. "Brown," and that Hobby purposes taking the Tremando gelding to Adelaide—there to win a handicap or two. Best Man's chance of winning in the Southern colony may be labelled " Buckley's and Nunn's." Once, prior to the importation here of racehorses, Best Man could win at Canning Park. He is now in the lias-been, too-sTow-to-catch-a-cold class. The Vicar of Bray type of follower of racing howls liip-hurrahs for the crack horse of the hour. Upon Aiuberite's flukey defeat of Aurum in the V.R.C. Derby, thousands shrieked wildly that the Carbine colt was the better of the twain. Aurum has given the lie direct to those "judges" by downing Amberite very decisively twice since. And if the two undoubtedly great sons of Trenton and Carbine meet in the Champion Race, I will be the first to recommend punters to go for a win on Aurum. 1 Mr. lom S. Clibborn recently returned to Sydney after a holiday trip to the Old Country, meaning Ireland, wherefrom the enial secretary of the Australian Jockey gHub hails. Mr. Clibborn is the most naturally unassuming among the secretaries of the big racing clubs in the colonies. He lacks the swell air of Byron Moore (V.R.C.) has not the fretfulness of Whitington (S.A.J.C.), and, as are none others, cannot be considered to be anything of the autocrat that Smith (W. A.T.C.) is. The racing in Westralia will be the attraction- of attractions at Christmas and .New Year time—the Bagot and Standish Handicaps at Fleinington notwithstanding. Beside the expected influx of horses, ring men, and jockeys from the Eastern colonies next month, it is not such a remote possibility that the "Australasian" will send over a special reporter for the occasion. For his own sake, for the sake of his trainer, for the sake of the jockey he will employ to ride, and for the sake of the sport in general, it is to be hoped that Mr. Hare's new career as the owner of a hurdle racer (R.A.S.) will be blessed with "Gladness" to a greater extent, than was his ownership of a hurdle mare that could jump, but wouldn't on occasions. Unless I am misinformed the Regent, entered for Canning Park on November 20th meeting, is a horse by King of the Ring, which Powell, Mr. Hare's jockey, has been riding with success in Victoria recently. He will have been purchased on behalf^either of Mr. Hare or Mr. M'Lean. The Victorian Income Tax Commissioner swooped down on his just and due portion of the big cheques won by owners at the recent V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Instructing the V.R.C. to deduct from cheques the tax chargeable under the Act, the Cup- winning owner, Mr. "Bill" Forrester, had the cliuuk of £80 knocked off his little lot of £4,200. This precedent will not, of a surety, be followed locally. There are two many of the Boer families actually racing or interested in racing. Dawg don't eat dawg. Newhaven was the only one of the Newminster—Oceana progeny that showed anything like ability to gallop. His elder brother Froude was a failure, and his fiveyear-old sister, Sea Queen, has been much the same. The latter realised 200 guineas, bought by Mr. Walter, at Yuiile & Co.'s sale in Melbourne on Monday last. Another advertisement for Lochiel. Loch Marie, the same mare that scored in the Turkeith Handicap at Moonee Valley last week, won a double, the Prince of Wales' Plate of 6J furlongs and the Truganini Stakes of a. mile, at the Williamstown Cup meeting on Tuesday, beating five others in Imin. 474sec. ...... Prince Charlie, the hurdler who went down before Snapshot in the Jumpers' Flat Race at Tftttersall'B meeting on Tuesday, is himself a TatfersaU'8 Crip wmrier»vhaving WPP that eyenjfc' in"$5 in 'the record time, for the race, of 2min. 14Jseo.—a mile and a ttiarter. The veteran erstwhile boss of the Wiki turf, Towtoti, has won the first Tat- tersall's Oup, while Mr. W. B. Wood won it in 1804. Throughout the day on Tuesday the dividends on the ten-bob totalisator on the fiat at the Perth course were better than those paid in the half-sov. macliine inside. The respective returns to backers were—Black Diamond, on flat £3 9s., inside £2 18s. ; The Black Rock, on flat £2 7s., inside £2 16s. ; Chiron, on flat 19s., inside £119s. ; The Corsican, oil flat 16s., inside 16s. : Snapshot, on flat 22s., inside 19s.; Yatlieroo on flat £3 Is., inside £2 16s. The best laid schemes of mice and men gang aft agley. Verua, on the strength of a good gallop was thought a "cert" for Tattersall's Cup by her cute party. They fell in. The Black*Rock did the trick. Now someone is wishing he did not scratch Steadfast. Verna was well on Tuesday, but can be got even more fit. While Towton's mare, Early Morn, was running nowhere in the Auction Stakes, at Tattersall's Meeting on Tuesday, another mare of the same name was being beaten in the Prince of Wales' Plate at Williamstown. Both are by Sunrise. We are now within a week of the Champion Four-oared and Champion Sculling Races of the Colony, and so far the association have not yet decided when the entries shall close, nor have they fixed upon the officials for those races. Leaving everything to the last moment is one of the main characteristics of this august body, and the sooner it amends its negligent ways the letter for the sport of aquatics in this colony. The don't-care won't-bother style that permeates all of the association's actions, has also taken hold of the clubs, and it looks as if a "record will be put up, by having entries from only one club. Doubts have always existed as to whether the Swan River Club would be able to send a crew or sculler, and the fact is assured that no entry from that club will be received. Certainly there are many reasons why this club may be pardoned for their omission, illness and other causes leading up to it. Owing to the absence from the city of Ryan, the No. 3 of the Fremantle four, it is reported that this club will not enter for the Four-oared Race. This is to be regretted. Surely, with the members' roll that the Fremantle Club have, the inability of one man to vow should easily be rectified by the inclusion of an understudy from the ranks of the young oarsmen that the club possesses, and there can be no possible excuse for the winners of last year's race not competing. The West Australian Club, from present appearances, looks to be the only club that will enter, and so far they will have two crews competing—the • one selected by the club, and the other crew arranged amongst themselves. The club's crew was originally chosen as follows :—Underwood stroke, Magenis 3, Wilson 2, and Rockett bow. After several nights' rowing Wilson has gone to No. 3 seat and Magenis has taken No. 2 seat, and there is probability ofWarnock taking the bow 6eat vice Rockett. It cannot be said that thi6 crew can have a ghost of a chance on their present rowing. The form right through the boat is b<td, with not the slightest semblance to outrigger rowing. No. 3 is showing by far the best form, but apparently has to make his style of rowing fall in with the others. The club's No. 2 crew, with a week or two more rowing, bids fair to become one of the best four-oared crews yet seen in West Australia, and for the short time tliey have been together marked improvement has been shown in their form. Several minor faults are noticeable, but they should easily be rectified. Stroke wants a little more shoulder work and to row less with his arms ; No. 3 allows bis slide to cut away a bit too quickly ; No. 2 allows his hands and knees to come forward at the same time ; while bow is showing better rowing than we have yet seen from him. The trouble . with this crew is their inability so far to obtain a racing boat, but efforts have been made to get the use of the Swan River Club's racer. Should only these two crews go to the post the result must be a foregone conclusion, for the No. 2 crew is one well worthy to have met the Fremantle four in their best day. Again there is a dearth of entries for the Sculling Race. So far the only likely entries spoken of are either Kelly or Underwood from the West Australian Club. Blinco, the Fremantle sculler, not having the time to give to this race, will in all probability be an absentee, and so far no one else appears to be training from this club. Present appearances thuB point to a very uninteresting afternoon's racing; The West Australian Club will hold scratch four-oared races for the Wilkinson Trophies, and so far some six or seven crews are likely to start. Being scratch races, the crews will not be drawn until Saturday afternoon, when a very fair afternoon's .sport should be witnessed. It is to be hoped that the efforts of the donor of these trophies will meet with the support they deserve from the members. The ability of the holder of the Amateur Sculling Championship of Australasia, Mr. E. Powell, has not gone unnoticed in'the English sporting world. The "St. James Gazette" has published an account of his rowing career, with a splendid likeness of him. More is the pity that Mr. Powell should ^relinquish the sport before trying hiB blades amongst his fellow-amateur scullers of the old world. The Westralian Association can, easily take a lesson from the Rowwg ClubB6f Cbristchurch (New Zealand), where the opening of the rowing reason there is one of the gala days of that city, and thousands • attend on the banks of the pretty Avon to watch the procession of florallyrdeeorated boats, manned by crews attired in all sorts of costumes. Something of this kind is wanted here, for the sport is being allowed to get as dull and as flat as ditchwater. 