? REVIVAL THOUGHTS. A WORD TO OUR METHODIST PEOPLE. By Rev. Samuel Wilkinson. We purpose, by the application of a few Scripture examples, to stimulate our selves and others, to seek as our chief object the longed-for revival of religion. For worthy examples of devotion we hate been forcibly led to view some of the notable men and women of that transition state immediately preceding the coming of our Lord ; even before the day of Pentecost they all are dis tinguished as influenced by the Holy Ghost. The biography of our own Church is not wanting in precious ex amples, but these records are divinely written for us to imitate, and though the Sun of Righteousness had not risen above the horizon, His dawn ing beams were lighting upon them, the Spirit of the Father was drawing them to the great Central Person of His incarnate Son. In the history of the world and of the Jewish Church no greater event has been recorded than Christ's coming to His temple — Mai. iii. 4 ; so to the individual man, there is no event more important to him than when by regeneration his soul is made a temple of God. The multiplication of such men is to build up a Church, in the aggregate a grand living temple, com posed of so many living stones, which we so long to behold — the grand ideal of redeemed humanity. John 14 and 23 : 'If any man hear My words and keep them, I and My Father will come and make our abode in him.' To return to our purpose, we instance Simeon, 'A just and devout man,' inspired by the Holy Ghost; he was waiting for the consolation of Israel ; and he seemed only desirous of living till he had seen the Lord's Christ, whom, when he had seen with his own eyes, he received Him into his arms, blessed God and said: 'Lord, now lettest Thou Thy servant depart in peace, for mine eyes have seen Thy salvation,' &c.; Great are the varieties of objects for which men only wish to live until they realize. The desire of a duke who lately died : ' The ruling passion strong in death ' was that he might shoot another buck. Pitable in the extreme are some of the objects for which men desire to live ; but to desire to live that we may see God's church in great prosperity is most laudable. St. Paul said, ' For me to live is Christ, to die is gain. Of all apothegms none is more brief and com prehensive of all Christian experiences, none more to be desired and truly realised. The example of Anna, a prophetess, a daughter of Phanuel, of the tribe of Aser, a widow of upwards of eighty four years, is exemplary, for she seemed to loose no opportunity of paying her constant visits to the temple, day or night, to join in devotions, not as a mere hearer, but by prayers joined with fastings. It is probable even at mid night, as the priests by night liftad holy hands in songs of devotion, she joined in the solemn exercises. On the occasion of the incident related of Simeon, Anna coming into the temple in that instant, gave thanks to the Lord, also she exercistd her prophetic gifts by speaking of Him to all them who looked for redemption in Jerusalem. To our aged sisters or brethren, let no number of years prevent them except the in firmities of age from pursuing their pious, active duties of devotion to our God and beneficence to man, and letf them endeavour to seek a home near the house of God, which many have failed to do, nor let any think their prayers in private or public are less necessary for the prosperity of the Word of God now that they are old and grey headed if they would not be forsaken of that God who has taught them from their youth. The decay of youthful energies would often deter them from such exercises, unless they wait continually upon God, nor may the inexperienced children of God undervalue their ability for works of devotion to God and man, which they can at this time perform, all this is now required by Christ our Lord, though he is not dependent upon our feeble efforts for the prosperity of his cause. Not withstanding for Him it is written, ' Prayer shall be made,' let it ever be remembered in connec tion with all agencies and instru mentalities in His cause, that ' God worketh all in all.' The depth of meaning of God's co- operation is to us incomprehensible, even the day of small things he does not despise. ' My body, with my charge lay down and cease at once to work and live.' In the strength of divine grace must be the Christian's motto, ' Loins girt about, lights burn ing, till the Master cometh.' Our atti tude is that of the hosts of heaven, who HEARKEN TO GOD'S VOICE, promptly obey His command, do His pleasure, with the swiftness of spirits and the ardency of flames of fire, the harmony of heaven being thus pre served. To please God by loving service ought certainly to he our highest am bition and to attain to this grace, and with Enoch to walk in it, not for 300 years, but for life's short pilgrimage, should awaken pur most ardent desires. We specially note how the disciples and the apostles on being called by Christ to follow him, immediately and forthwith left all and followed Him — examples these for all times. James and John, Andrew and Peter, at Christ's call, left all their earthly possessions, though not of the greatest value, yet, as Peter said, 'We have forsaken all to follow Thee.' For the work the ministry, foreign missions, and other benevolent service for God and man, examples among us are not wanting, especially when we think of the noble army of martyrs, who with Paul, counted not their own lives dear to them for the cause of Christ. In contemplation of them we may well stand with mute silence and self abase ment, as to anything we have been called to do or sufler. The willing mind is the climax of moral excellence in all things pertaining to the will of God. We entreat for a general movement of our forces to face every foe that may appear. Alas, some halt, others linger ; yet others pursue. The command of our Great Captain is — ' Speak to the people that they go forward.' The Church is a great household. The Master must have something for every servant to do ; not only to take a suit able care of their own health of body and soul, but to work for the common weal. Some have a specific work to do, but in our conversion, if we apprehend our duty, it is that henceforth no man shall live to himself, but to Him who died for us and rose again. As regards the apostles, they had the specific duty of being with Him as wit nesses of his miracles and teachings. He also sent them forth on beneficent evpeditions, and having fulfilled these, they returned to report what they had done and the results. So are we called to pursue the work assigned to us, so that of the Master's servants to none it must be said, ' Why stand ye all the day idle ?' Among the apostles there is yet one— Matthew, the publican — A NOBLE EXAMPLE of a call and ready compliance, a bold confession[and Christian worker. Sitting at the seaside at Capernaum, at the receipt of custom, the Saviour's courage, in entering this public place, in the midst of publicans and sinners, calling to Matthew ' Follow Me,' is not less observable. ' He rose up and followed him.' — Luke v, 29. And Matthew made him a great feast in his own house. A great feast ! Nothing parsi monious, nothing too much to do for his Divine Master. A great company of publicans and sinners were welcomed to eat and drink with Jesus and His disciples. Surely this was Christian Socialism exemplified. The Church wants more of such socialism. The writer is forcibly reminded of some of the brightestdays of his experience. At Maitland and other places on the Hunter Eiver and elsewhere, where Camp Meetings were held, generous Christians of those localities united to make a great feast , where all were welcomed, and blessed spiritual results fallowed. At this time are there not little communities who could do like wise ? and persons like Matthew, who have houses or grounds, could likewise introduce Christ to those who know Him not. The words of Christ concerning feast-making, recorded in Luke ix, 12 — 14, are admonitory. Mr. Budgett, the successful Bristol merchant, was a noble example af Christian urbanity: Men of . Israel, help ! Let us 'become all things to all men that we may by all means save some.' 