A GREAT WRONG; OR, THE I FYSTEBY OF BLACO HOLLOW GRANGE CHAPTER XXII.-Consmzxr. Lady Bisnca, tall, and handsome, and gracious, w.s about to remove her glove,to receive the marriage ring, when there aroe a commotion at the door. Iady Marlowe glanced round, and saw Sir Harry Treshan advanciak followed by some two or three other-. Something in the cet, stern look of his face stroca terror to her heart. He came up with a rapid, ringing step, straight to the a!tar rail. "Hold I" he cried, his voice like a bugle ; Sthis marriage mro't notgo on." The clergyman etoppet and stared; old 'ir Hereford wheeled round, andangrily de osnded what was wanted; the bride arched her delicate brows and awaited in well bred amazement; while Lady Marlowe grew white to the blonde crimps on her brow. The bridegroom had turned with the rest, and looking beyond Sir Hairy, had caught aight of the little shrinking figure in the background. At a single glance he recgnised her. A hoarse cry broke from his lips. He p?t his bride from him and rushed down the aisle. "Isabel, ahb-.l !" he cried, "my wife I my darling I have you come back I" She was in his arms in aninstant, clinging about hit neck, the tears streaming over her white cheeks like rain. " Arth.nr, Arthori" she shbbed, I never thought to see you again; but I have loved you through all my misery I And I have a little baby, your own child, Arthur. We could not bring it because of the cold, bat you shall Hee it and lore it, and you won't I-t them take it away from me, trthor?" He held her close to his heart, his eyes alight with al! their old fire. "I have been a fool,and in a dream; but, thank Heaven I am awake now," beeried. " She is my wife," confronting the awe. stricken group at the rItar, "my own wife, and this marriage cannot proneed." Lady Marlowe and Lady Bianca simultan. eotely fainted away; orange blossoms were crshed, laces tumbled, and in dire confo. sion the wedding came to an end. Iab.l still clinging to her husband, lifted her piteous eyes to his face. " You won't let them take me from you aain, will you, Arthur l she whispered. He etrained her close to his heart. " 3iy darling, nol No one shall ever take you from me again I" \------- CHAPTER XXX. CLOTILD s.n COeFroEIO. The morning appointed for the execution of the murderer of Arthur Trevethon had arrived. The whole story of his crime had been told, and the true Sir Geoffrey, the sman whose name and heritage he had so long usurped, had been found, and brought face to face with the miserable criminal in h:s cell. The two stood eye to aeye-King Lear ntu the man who had so long borne his name. A flash of returning memory brightened the old man's eye. " I know him; I remember him " he said. " He nme is Andrew Brce. I gave my child into his keeping. What hs he done cith him?" "I murdered him," answered the felon, gnashing his teeth and rattling his chains " u I would murder yon now, If I could get at your throat." There was no doubt of the old man's identity. If there was, the evidence of Lord Harry Bothwell cleared it all away. "Sir Geoffrey and myself were college chums," he said, "sworn friends and allies. If you want a test, I can give you one. My old friend, Geoffrey, had a larious mark on his arm--a little scar, precisely In the form f a teiangle." King Lear laughed his cheery laugh, and prihed op the sleeve of his right arm. " What asharp fellow Rothwell is; he al. ways wee," he said. "Now I had quite for. g'tten that little mark, but there it is, gentlemen." Si the case was settled to every one's satisfaction, and after years of exile, the haelir of Treeethon was restored to his rightful heritage. In company with Miss Trevethon, jit niece, he took up his abode at the ancestral mansion, Lyndith Hall. And on this cheerless winter morning, the .ecution was to take place. In punish. ment of his crime, Andrew Brn:e was to s-tier the extreme penalty of the law. But he remained unrepentant to the last, rafue. ing to see a clergyman or to make the Isast preparations for eternity. London was all excitement that winter mo rning, and crowds of eager spectator Irooped in the direction of the spot, where the tragic deed was to be done. The criminal was a famous one, and every fetail ci the preliminary proceedings was carried out with official decorum. The royal troops were in attendance; the offleer en ecred the prison to bring forth their victim, they went tramping into the dark cell, and [rlnd not the criminal they expected to see, but a woman. A ghost they at fist sight believed her to he, and recoiled in amazed horror. A blood. less,aged creature crouching on the pallet of straw, her hollow eyes glittering in the gloom like lurid fre. • Your victim has escaped, and I am her in his stead," she said, speaking is hollow tones, while they stood stunned and silent. "Gold can work wonders, and I hbad g,ld. Hang me in his stead, if you will, but first bring a clergyman to hear my con. fession." The clergyman came, and with the stred cruc;fix before her eyes, the wretchel re- tnre went on: S'Ie was my husband, Andrew Braos, ths man who w so long asnrped Ir Geaoray Trevcthon's name and title, od hi son w my childl, not Richmond revetbon . ,or !ong years I hove known the secret, and have held my peace. He made me swear by the blessed crucfix never to betramy him, and well hare I kept my oath but I must brsak it now. My sins lieheavy on my soul, andI an dying. An I there, coaching down in the prison cell, while the dreary morning waned with. out •nd the impatient erowd waited, sh made her coneCssion,detlallngall the strange story of crime and sin which she had known so long. ' He was my husband," she said, in on. -clsion, "and I have saved him from the death he so richly merited. Let him go, Sir lemlcey Trevethon is restored to his right.. Heavuen saved him from the ses ant from death by a mirecle. I have known the tro all thee yearsn. His body was cast ashoreon the French eoast, and he was resinntaed to life; but his mind was gone; he had neither reason nor memory. se was cared for by some humane soeety, and sent with many others to an English mad.house. Allthe per ticulars of the strange affair were told to me by one who knew,and you mayrelyonthem. ileaven has restored Sir Oeoffrey to his own, and you can afford to let my wretched hbo. hand go." "And Sir Oeoffrey'eson, Bichmond; here you heard nothing of him sines yon lefIst himl that night on the banks of the Lorie t" asuked one of her etrers. "Yee, I found him again in the cottage of a peasant woman I Bshe had found him, and restored him to life, but he was lilke hi father, left without memory of the pat. That blow on his temple had injured his brain, and his mind was a blank,. The peua set woman could not beep him, au- I took him with me, intendiagto hide him from An drew, in the great city of Lendor ?.e very day of my arrival, whlle I wmu almot beside jse1Tet Andrew sihould fnd thati the lad lied, I fell In with a country woman. She wa dettlng on the steps of a church, and rsalsu t to break her heart. I approarched ar t aire thke os e, foga m.y on misrry *,a1 sogreat Iseerned to pity all hu.arn sf' lering. ?eidg the child at my side, she 0 eiud ptOaieng ory: S'lU, he lookls so mnob kle my boy, thought he had come back from the grave,' he sid, coming close to me, and sobblni pIteously. ' I pitlied her, and atsked her to tell mehbt tory. Be husbhand hsi gone off to sea, to be one for yea:s, nd- she, having accompanied Blos, far as London, was returning hom: ;lth her so~,. Bt tte ld hatl strayed out no the streets, anl rnaoway hores had ocked him down, -n- trampled on him illln him Instantly. " s's deld, and they've burried him,'sh Tlo samoont cf dtLty rollected on the mports Irnm across the MIlurray in 159S man G4,d23 1Is ltl. continued, wringing her hands, my prettj by, and his fher's last words we, Take good care o'the lad; if harm efall him, I'L ne'er Come home to yon again while I live. 'And he's dead now, dead and buried, ant boi shall I ever face his father' "A thought sebed into my mind. I wantet to be rid of the poor lad whose life I had arved. I knew if Andrew ever found out that he lived, he would murder as both so It struck me that I would give the lad te this woman whose sop was dead. I made the propseal to her, expllaiOig that the laI we friendless, aid had been injured by a hart--" She pssed,ber breath gone, her face livid They administered resteratires, and the re covered. "In her terrib!e trouble, the poo creature jcmped at m proposal," she went on; "the lad was like her dead son, and she wouol take him, and train him up to look upon bhe as his mother, an easy enough thing to do since his mind was like an infant's. Well the took him,and-" She paused again, a deeper pallor on bco face, a hoarse rattle in her th-abt. Once more the restoratives were adminrstered, hbut this time wi.thoct effect. `he signed for the crucifix, pressed it to her lips drew a long, convuhl!re breath, and fel back upon the straw dead, her siory left on finished. Poor, erring, fond Clotilde; her life of martyrdom was ended at last. A week later, one stormy morning, the cancnt of a swollen river washed the body of a man ashore, and when the affair was investigated it turned out to be the body ol tae felon, Andrewr Brace. Escaping from a fate he deselvrd, he had met his death. "Vengeance is mine," saith the Lord;" I will repay 1" OCHAPTER XXXI. "Sr :he whole thing is settled, you see, Miss Trevethon," said Sir Harry Tresham, relating the particulars of poor Clotilde's death to Lenore, in the library at Lyndith Hall. "The poor soul died with the on. finished story on her lips, and, of counrse, we shall never hear aught else of Sir Geoffrey's son. He died, doubtless, from the effects of the injuries he received at the fiend's hands; or, if he lived, grew up an idiot. An awful pity for poor King Lear; his heart seems so set on finding his son ; but I feel rather glad on your account, Miss Trevethon I" Lenore looked down at the tiny golden hoop-the emblem of heryouthfa. ;ltrothal -with a suppressed sigh, whethera t regret or relief she could not have told. "You will feel so much relieved. `t your mind," Sir Harry went on, "all that 'trouble about your poor father's will is ended. You are free now to choose any man you fancy for your husband, and-and -if.-_-" He stammered and then stood silent,flash. ing hot to the roots of his blonde hair. Len-re looked up at him, an arch twinkle in her blue eyes. "Don't do it, Sir Harry, please don't," she laughed; "don't renew your proposal,be. cease you think I expect you to do so If you do, I shall give you the old answer. I do not feel free to marry, I must wait. Were it otherwise, I could not marry you, because -there now, don't let it hurt your vanity, because-I don't love you Now, that's candid. Come, Sir Harry, be as frank with me. My prophecy has come true. You hare changed your mind I Who is my rival " Sir Harry turned all colon, and atam mend furioasly; but through all, his relief was evident. At last he broke into an amused laugh. "You're a witcbh,Miss Trevethon. I have changed my mind, though I'm ashamed to confess it. The fault is all your own, how. ever. You refused my offer, and sent me off to that gruesome old manor, where I came within an ace of breaking my neck, and-and a pretty wood-nymph found me, and saved my life-" "And you fell in lore with her I" inter. posed Lenore' "Yon have guessed it, Miss Trevethon. Now confess that you despise me for my ficklenes." "Nay, I honor you I The worst of folly is to waste love where It is not wanted. Sir Harry I am so glad." A wek later found Sir Harry again at the Fellilde farmi?hose. "Miss Melville," he said standing at the window which opened on the iunset moon, I have come to know my fate this time. The journey from London is rather long, and suspense is very wearing. I Want to know the truth. I love yoi, I aud, and I honor you a much as I love your. Will yhu be my wife !" She turned round and looked at him with her clear, tender eyes. "You really lore me I" she said, "I do, with a deeper, worthfsrlore than I ever gave to any other woman." Her lps quivered and her eyes fell. He put his arm about her, and drew her close to bheard. ".Wnd, do you think you can learn to re. turn my love f" he asked. .' The task will not be hard," she an swered. " Sir Harry, I love you now." The suonset faded fromoff the wild moon, and with the dark came a messenger from the Gerhart cottage. The mother of Am. oroee was dying, and Maud was summoned to her bedside. They gathered about her, just as the bells in the adjacent village struck the midnight hour. "I shall never see the soInn rise," she said, her voice weak and broken. "My end is at hand, and I cannot die with an untruth upon my sinful soul. Come nearer, Donald, you and Ambrose, and forgive me for what I am about to tell. You remberyour last words to me, husband, when you started on that long voyage You said if I let harm befall our lad, you'd never come home tome agin. And I was so fond of you, Donald-" "Poor wife I poor wifel"said her hus. band, caressing her white face. "Let me go on," she gasped; "my breath is failing. Donald, Ambrose there~i not oaur SI Our boy was killed in London the very day yonusailed." Father and son uttered a limultneousl cry. "Forgive me," the poor wife went on ;"I was so fond of you, Donald, and I hated so to break your heart. I met with a woman while I sat lamenting the fate of our boy, and she had a lad with her who had the look of our little Ambrose. And when I cried out and caught him in my arms, she offered to let me have him. Bhe said he was an orphan, and had hbeen hurt in the head, so that his memory was gone,and there was some one who would kill him if she kept him. And I took the lad, Donald, and she gave nie a panurse of gold and a little package of money in Bank of England notes; you'll find them in the drswsr of the walnot aids. "So I took the lad and brought him home with me, and for months he was like an idiot. At last his mind came back to him, bht he knew nothing of the past except when Itold him; and I reared him up to believrs himself our son. Ambrose I have loved you like a mother. Can you forgive Theyonng man bent down and kissed her panting lips, but poor Donald, who had loved his handsome son with a great love, turned aside his face and went. The news went down to London that Sir Geoffrey Trevetbon's son had been found, and it also reached Lenore's earsn. Her face grew ashen white, and the papes contaluing the wonderful tidings fell from her hand. "I cannot marry him-I will not~,"she said, epenking under her breath.' And when, on the following day, Am. brose and Sir Ilorry reached Lyndith Hall, they found only King Lear to welcome them. He fell upon the neck of Ambrose and wep lilk a child. ".?fy boy I my boy I How well I remember the day I promised your dying mother to bring you Iome to England, and to your rightful heritage, and ihere you are I Through great perils God has brought us to ech otherl I might havre known itl Your face struck me the first time I set eyes on it. I might hare known you were my son." hut Miss Trervethon had gone, levingonly a brief note behind her, addressed to Ilch mood Trevetbon, "I cannot obey my father's will ano becomn? your wife; hence I go. The Trve. thon heritage is mine-I leave it as a gift fo you," That was nil. Ambroseread thebrief lines a greet agony at his heabrt. "Ilil And her," he sid, P'if it takes years London is 12 miles broad one way and 17 the othlier. And every year sees about 20 miles of new streets added to It, and re! age her from her onaes. And I0d months he was a wanderer, goin from city to city, always on her trnck, bul losing i'ht of her at the last hor. Obe summer evening, in an old world cathedral, gorgeous with the purple glory of etaited windows. end filled *ith strain ol divihe musie, they met fidce t6 oack.' She turned from the pictured Madonna befofe which she stood, her face ?royin deadly pals. ' 3ds Trovethon," spoke Ambrose, "I hart found you at last, thank Heaven I Why did you leave your home and your heritage I You mast return to them." "Nay, I canot," she replied, a pain fel red mounting to her brow, "because I cannot marry Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's ' Sir Geoffrey's son will release you." " That will not alter the case, or change the letter of my father's will. But how should yep know what Sir Geoffrey's son will or will not do I Are you hib messengerf" Something in her face thrilled him tc his heart's core; he shook like a reed in tht wind. "flow should I know! Surely, MissTrove. thon, you are not ignorant of the fact that I am Sir Geoffrey's son 1" '" 'ou " She drew back, growing white to the lips. "Answer, me, for Heaven's sake," he im plored. '" Did you knowr" "I did not." "Yet you left What does it meanl Oh, do not deceive me; do not tritle with me, Lenore I What is it I read in your eyes that emboldens me to peakl I loreyou-loveyou as I shal nerer lose anther woman. lhare loved you since that awful nigot-loved you in silnce and secrecy. Speak to me, Lenore I" She looked up, her eyes melting with in. inite tendernemr. \- And you are Sir Geoffrey's son?" shesaid, softly. "l am." He stood waiting, llis arms folded across his breast. She caught up the little ring, still glittering on her chain, and prased it to her lips. ' Precious little pledge, no wonder I could not give you up i" she murmured, passion ately. He caught her hands and drew her toward him. "Lenore I Lenore I do you mean-" "I mean this," she said, her eyes drooping beneath his gaze, ' I sod no dream that you were Sir Geoffrey's son, and loving you too well even to obey my fathr'a will, I ran away from England." lHe caught her to his breast with a sob. "My darling-my little child-wife I Le' nore, my heart has nangered for you so long, and at last you are my own I" "Your own forever, Richmond." When spring came the wedding took place at Lyndith Hall, and Donald Gerhart gave away the bride. A large party went out with Sir Geoffrey and the mnrted pair on their wedding travels, and among them were Arthur Mtar. lowe and his wife Isabel and their infantson, and Sir Harry Treaham and his newly made bride. And leaving them to pursue their pleasant journey, we bid our kind readers adieu. CONCLUDoED The largest flower in the world grows in Sumatra. It is called the Rafflesia Arnoldi, and some of the specimens are each 3Sin. in diameter. The central cup will hold six quarts of water. The tax made upon the country by military serviee cannot be called excesive. Out ol the entire population fewer tha n 1 in 1000 are enlisted annually, while only about 5 in 1000 of the population ofl the United Kingdom are serving in the Regular Army. The iolding bieycle is a new invention. Eight thousand million letters are estimated Ctoo through the world's post-ofces in one year. A cannonball fred from one of the Krupp or Armstrong guns travel at the speed of 2,547 feet per second. A race was a short time since rowed at Deal between fonr four-.ared crews of boatmen each of whom was over 60 years of age. The winning crew averaged 70 years, while their coxewsan was b5 years old. The whole number of doctors in Great Bri. tain is 25.03r. Of this number 4,417 are in London, 11,775 on the provincial list, 2.200 in Scotland, 2,430 in Ireland, 1,717 reside abroad, and 2,463 are in the Army and Navy, the Indian medical service and the mercantile marine. A piano in a lioncago is the latest stnge specialty. It has been introduced by a female plano-teacher, who drst performed in a lion. age In amenagerie atDewsbury. Thcexilri. ment is pronounced a 'grand success.' The kingly beasts are said to be appreciative, and particularly partal to Chopin's ain. His Collection.-' Who are all these!' asked the visitor. 'Oh, that album?' said the Ian. gold young mano. 'That is a collection of photogrpaha of the only girls I ever loved.' Mlrs, Podsnap: 'Don't you believe it's tree, John, that a peeson partaaes to a considerable extent of the nature of the creatures he eats?' Mr. Podenap; 'No. I've been eating fish all my life, and I can't swim a stroke.' Alberta: ' I do wi.h it were not the custom to wear the engagement ring on the third tnger of one's leflt lhand.' Alethea: 'So do I. I can't get more than half my engagement rings on at one time, now.' 'This is two bad,' exclaimed the Dublin tram conductor, when he received the second bad florin. He (just introduced): 'What a very nzly man that gentleman near the piano is, ors. Hobson.' Mirs. Hobson: 'Why, that is Mr. Iobson.' He (equalto the occasion): 'Oh, indeed. How true it is, Mrs. Hobson, that the ugly men always get the prettiest wives.' The announcement that Signor Maseagni is writing a song for a music hall artist is, says a Home paper, somewhat of a shock. The ringer may be very clever one, and I believe she is, but still it certainly hardly seems the :orrect thing for a writer of opera to compose ouseichall songs, although many of the Italian apers composers wrote songs that were not worthy of performance at a music hall. Do cheap editiono kill dearer editions! l'ot always, it seems. ir. Gosse, writinr to 3 ir. Stead on the subjeel on "The Penny Poets," sa?ys :-"I remeber being told by my friend Ir. Coventry Patmore that the tsue of the Cassell edition (3.) of 'The Angel in the House,' of which an enormous number was sold, positively and immediately increased the sale of the 5s. edition." In spiteof ridicule and opposition, and the vgorous attacks of Mrs. Lynn Linton, whe tyles it a "crnkund a cmte," and a com. bination of the " treadmill and the ticht-r ' the:cycingmania spreada and spreads. Th Prinee and Prouceas of Wales baoing now loined the bwheeliU throng, in addition to the already largs number of Royalties and main portion of the aritocratio world, its triniph may be onidered, w prwgmoe , c tmplse. £he Pn'vceu of Wie rides a quietly ap pointed machine'i but some of the Royl and noble ladie ore g ery dait ffairs of their wheel.teeds ; the CotesofWarwich, to wit who Is cery froquesnly o i, h desbe oc her entirely white "bln." Theo hours in Hyde Pahrk for the all.prevailiog enereire now being ertended to 2 o'eloof. the rcoming eseton may re all rertriction ultimately removed, and rycling row and drive. A reorulling reta, e of the kind which ii cnmkonly used by the eterprsins0 mansgern vf Japanese theatres is oien to be intrlsncrl at oprte St. alrtin. b ct this memao draws of the reign of Leris X'V. o, the "nlhert ev the famous "Queen's Necklace" is being pro. duoed, and scenic aorevries pla an imporel tanot part in the performue. Ther are no fewer than thirteen elb'rate set senes, hut, thanks to a cleoer mechanical contrivance here will be no nsce,, ty for dropping the ouriat from one enrd of the repreentativn tc the other, The days of the Great Sleeve are num bercd, and It will now become smeller nmd nsut ioully le i; so that the ape, which was the outcome of freneoed struggles to get any jacket sleeve over the dress monster, will also probably beoomc a memory of the p?at, and we shall wonder how We could ever uave so guyed oureslo, ansd so ompletely spoilt our figures by wearing the colossal sleonc, or made ourselves so dowdy dith the rompirh cape. Mi a.-s-Ob, rou rude boy to rdub off the ice kbis the pretty little girl av yono. Ch:.rlie.-nub otf b ie blo md. rig it It, rmoi rubloiog it in, my word, ,N'yom It i a roof thiv to laugh, at any rate; and fa atratcan tich, a ieee, it is an lot trument 0f halo.ine?. hI.?,t' can eCep ohen they luffer, lut they cannot Ilug. \lteth intlrret habs hvco rebe l by th e ap ,eavene.o ii the streets vf elriin of an 000 hu:rice frl?irllod by cv'clflte. 'io alpp)aratus nnsiil?ts sh kiesl oflittr r.'?ting ,s a frmsc [lve wihe,, thnr e vrl wlhiei are in tele front, i'v the fovrm of a tricycle, nod tio at tlie back. Te drrivers rit at e0eli end of the litter whichs is osvered by a removable rovf with ittlo windows, and provided wei lt a fcrvumatic bell, e, thsut the patient han eton tilneute wvthl Lhnoer in charge, Ilhoertl the earriogo are lenin fvvr dreseinog.mvtrra!o, invtrurvvtat for lir,ttif, rte. Thvere cant Ihe no doubt tf!at ilvi, ivlvent~o sill Ivy loo[ tIn utmost tuso in :,Rl towns wlhere tile m:ovnilnenco for itorao osvl.uvhane ia tutelt tre tU:uctiul. In West Australia during last quorter the arrivals were 10,S1?, and Ithe departures 5977, 