A WONDERFUL WOMAN; . OR, "".TE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. -I By `RIS .AY AGNES FLEMING. CHAPTER XIX:L -(Conitnued.) ' " W'ho was that?" the.earl aeked. "A. .i s l ta r ' . . . "The govaess, me lord. -·Ie lady's new gov'ness,. CDme two hours ago, my lord. Her tai ~l s sEratstle." "Is the carriage:waiting, Soames?" in quired my lady, sailing in. "You, Uncle Raonul, and at half,-pst ten! 'What mir ncle will happen next? You don't mean to say you atre-coming with-:Cecti and I to the Duchess of Stratheam's soiree muskcye?" "I don't indeed. Nothing is further from my thoughts than soirees musi cales. Ginevra. who is that new gover ness c-f yours? She is yout governess. Soames tells me." ."What. Miss EIrncaste? .Where did you see her?" ."I saw her just now as I came in. She's n verydistinguished-looking person,isn't she? Nursery governesses don't usually look like tragedy queens, do they?. She has a very remarkable face." "Has she? You are as enthusiastic as Pueen!e. She saw her at noon, and ray-" ed about her for half an hour. I must be very blind or stupid-I.confess I can only see a preposterously tall young .woman, with a pale, solemn face.' "E thusiastic, am I?" Miord Ruystand repeated. "I ti sn't awar once knew another face very like it *wonderfully like it. And I give you my Word of konor that as I came upon Miss \--ah, to be sure--Herncastle standing there In the moonlight. I thought I saw a. ghcst" CHAPTER NX--AT SCARSWOOD. Late in the afternoon Lady Danger field. her uncle, cousin, new governess,. and servants--n imposing procession arrived from London at Scarswood Park. " Scarswood! With the rose flush of the setting sun upon it, with the glades, the lawns, the shrubberies steeped in gold, 'with the stone urns on the stone terraces turned to burnished silver, the scarlet roses like sparks of fire, every leaf ef the copper beeches blood-red rubies, the win dows glancing through the trees like sheets of burnished gold. Scarswood 'Park and the turreted old mansion came 'Upon them-a marvellously fair picture. T'rackless depths of fern waved away dnd away, the great fish-pond spread out like a silver mirror. Landscape gar deners. under my lady's orders, had done their work: the parterres, the tropic bloom, the wealth of myrtle and mig nonette, of roses and geraniums, were like unto some modern Garden of Eden. "How lovely! TWhat a magnificent old place:" Lady Cecil exclaimed. "And you call it dull as death-as dismal as a tomb, Ginevra" It was Lady Cecil's first visit to the an cestral home of her cousin's rich hus band, and in her heart of hearts the girl dearly loved the country. Lady Dangerfield glanced around her with a little sour air. "So it was, so it is, so it will be-if I let it. Why can't the London season last for ever? I like rural life and rus tic scenes-in pictures. In real life give sue Belgravia." \- "And balls, soirees, operas, drawing rooms and drives-the old weary tread ill,.-tiresome, endless round. For my self.six weeks in London, if you will,four of Paris, and the rest of the year in just such a dear old country house as this." . "Well, my dear, you shall have all That and more when you are Lady Tre genna. Tregenna Towers is as old again as Scarswood, and twice as rural Is that mylordandmaster I see on the por tico steps? Really he shrivels up and grows smaller with every passing day! 'And here comes Pearl and Pansy flying 'down the steps like wild Indians. Miss -E-erncastle, what do you think of your unoture ho??andayour future pupils?" ..The goveeness; in charge of my lady's ast King- Charles, had taken the third seat in-the carriage. The earl had not Idriven with the ladies from the station. 'MIss Herncastle's large, calm eyes had been taking in everything, and Miss • erncastle's calm tones replied: "It is a beautiful place, my lady: but I have seen Scarswood before." ' "Indeed! This is not your first visit to Sussex, then? Was It in Sir Peter's time or before? Pansy, Pearl! Little wret C'hes, do you want to run under the car riage wheels? Stand back and be still! Sir Peter, how stupid of you to let those hlildren run wild in this boisterous man ner!" It was my lady's first greeting to her husband, as she was assisted out of the .;arriage. Sir Peter had come down the steps to meet her; she gave him tio gloved fingers. then gave the twins first 5\. shake, then a kiss. The little nine .year olds were miniatures of herself the same round black eyes, the same crisp black hair, the same petite fea ,ures and proportions, and so much,also, like one another, that it seemed Impos aible at first glance to tell them apart. S"YTon disobedlentlittle midgets!" their oanther said. "How offen have I told rou not to rush to meet anyone in that bordenish way? What is your maid thinking of to let you?" "'Twasn't Susan's fault, mamma," -piped one black-eyed twin. "She told rne to star in the nursery. but me alid P~'ansy saw the carriage, and you and snuntie Cecil from th'wgindow, and we couldn't stay. We're so glad you've .Lome, auntie. Our dolls haven't got a summer dress to their backs!" . SLady Cecil laughed, and kissed the twins. Children always fell in love with her at first siit. * "Not a summer dress to their backs. Pearl, and the season so far advanced! tA harrowing case, which must be at .ended to immediately. Sir Peter, ill you endorse Pearl's welcome, and .say you are glad to see me likewise?" She gave him her hand with a smile Sthat thawed even the frozen nature of sir Peter Dangerfeld. To be glad to ee anyone who was a visitor and daily Expense was not in his natuie: but, as . such things had to be under the rule 0f his very much better half, he shook Lady Ceci~_adelicate grey glove, and .raid something about his pleasure in welcoming her to Scarswood. · "And Scarswood is a homet"cbe proud \- f-;4' Lad.yecil 'said; "my idea of an earthly paradise,?as I told Ginevra just ofw. Papa stayed behind, Sir Peter. talking to a friend. He *ci1 be here -or dinnd" --Permitn me-Miss Hern pastle, Sir Pete' Dangerfeld. A.i, Pansy! ph, Pearl! no more -dolls and dress -making. Here is a lady come all the ay from London.to train you in the Ray you should go." The twins fixed four big, bright black Jeyes full on the new governess. Sir Peter bowed-the governess was at some little distance-then stopped, put up, " is eyeglass, and stared again. Thi governess came a step nearer, fixz-d her ayes upon his face, made a graceful obelsance, and turned to her pupil. \- -"Will you give me a kis, mynl dear' ."on are Pansy, are you n-, :--y,; P~earl? Ah, I thought I could i--l thi '"lfference, though you are a I- lunU -, "I trust, Sir Peter, you saw that' :h S??pholsterers fitted up the drawing ani llning rooms according to my erd,:rs : i ]Have the pictures ar-" she e'9pc,! ihort. "Good gracious. QuCenie' whai Is my husband staring at? Sir Peter: SHe never heard her. Hi- eyes. bhinl I flis double eyeglass. were fixed up-on 36iss Herncastle. His far~e had turndi -to a dull yelldw .pallor from librow to, .hin. His wife stood and ,).,ked at him Bghast. I "F or Heaven's sake, look a " hin-. Reenle! I' he gSing to have o fit ,,r Sir Peter Dan?erfilid. w'hat -: at?h is the :na:ter wi'h y,:ou " She caught his arm im''iat.n:i' y, anii gave him no genii. shak.. "½- e's S-ino ': y, ":i-s Hern L5.i tle. "W ht:. is the nmatt,:,r with him ."I? t ih - -net. ii- 231 "He certainly looks very ill. Is there anything I can do ?" "Her voice!" the baronet said, in a horror-struck whisper; "her eyes, her face! Oh. Heaven! Who is this?" "Who?" his wife cried, with a second angry shake. ":Arc you mad ? Who are you looking at ? What do you mean ? Who ?" "That woman-that girl! Who is she ?" "Miss Herncastle, the children's governess, you idiot!" Lady Danger field actually called the baronet an "idiot!" and gave him a second shake into the bargain. "What is there about her to frighten you into fits, I should like to know ?" "Miss Herncastle, the governess." he muttered, falling back: "and for one moment=-I thought-I could have sworn it was-it was-" "Well-whom ?" .."One dead and buried for six long years." He turned iis back , abruptly, and -with that ghastly answer walked into the house. :- iMy lady turnied angrily upon her new governess. ' S"Really, Miss Herncastle," she began, haughtily, "this is very extraordinary, I must say. The Earl of Ruysland sees you: list night inI the- moonlight, and takes you for a ghost; Sir Peter Danger field sees you to-day in the sunshine, and takes you for another." Who are you. pray ?" . .. : The faintest symptom of an amused smile dawned on the tranquil face of the-tall nursery governess. ."I am HelenRHeneasti?emy.dady, and the ghost of no one thatInlmow of," Lady Cecil laughed outright-her sweet, mellow laugh. "How absurd-you are, Ginevra. Ghost, indeed! - Only evil.- consciences see ghosts, and Miss Herncas'le is much too substantial for ghost or fairy. She resembles someone Sir Peter has once known-dead si? years, he said.: Was there not a cousin-a young lady who died suddenly; an -" i' "Impostor." said Lady. Dangerfield. "Yes. there was-I daresay :it: is she! It's not MIlss Herncastle's fault, I sup-1 pose, that she must resemble -dead people, but it's very extraordinary and very unpleasant. M?y nerves have re ceived a shock they will not recover from for a week..- I hate scenes!" Rich with silver, sparkling with cry stal: white with linen, ga'ywithflowers, xwas the round dinner table at Scars wood that night. My lady, dressed in one of Worth's most rivishing master pieces, though there fwere no gentlemen to admire but her uncle and husband, looked a fit goddess to preside at the feast. Lord Ruysland, bland, urbane, suave, smooth, was fatiltlessly attired, and with a rose in his button-hole. Lady Cecil,. in gold-brown silk, the hue of her eyes, was also there;, but inot Miss Herncastle. Sir Peter drew a long sigh of reliefL "You're not looking well, Dangerfield," my Lord of Ruysland said to Sir Peter; "you positively are not. You lose flesh, you lose spirits, you lose appetite. It iS evident that the air of Scarswood does not agree with you. Take my advice, and go abroad." . His lordship was right - the air of Scarswood did not agree with Sir Peter Dangerfield, and never would. "Lady Cecil, 'is Miss Herncastle's hair brown or black?" Lady Cecil glanced round, glanced down, for she was the taller of the two; and saw the pinched, yellow face of little Sir Peter. - Sow, Lady Cecil, out of the greatness of a generous heart, had an infinite pity for all long-suffering things, and she pitied Sir Peter greatly. "My dear Sir Peter, how you startle me ! I was thousands of miles away, I believe, when you spoke. What did you say? Miss Herncastle-what?" "'I asked you if Miss Herncastle had long, light-brown hair?" A curious question,- surely. Lady Cecil's soft, fawn-colored eyes opened a little as she replied.°' ";- ' "For its length I icannot answer. Who can tell who has long or short hair' in these days of chignonsand false tresses? Of the color T can speak positively. It is black--jet black." "Black!" He gave a great gasp of relief "You are sure; -Lady Cecil?" "Certain. Sir Peter. And her eye brows and eyelashes are of the same dense darkness."' "And her eyes, Lady Cecll-are they grey. ."Still- harping on my daughter!" laughed La Reine Blanche. "Yes. Sir Peter, they are grey-very dark -very large-very fine -You ap pear to take a most extraordinary in terer' in Ginevra's new governess, cer tainly. Resembles. doubtless, some one you have knowni?" S"Resembles! that is not the word for it. I tell you, Lady Cectl." in a voice of deep, suppressed intensity-" it is the same face,' the same-the same. Older, graver, deeper, changed in some things, but the same. The face of Katherine Dangerfield!" The nsame h iinot passed his lips for years. HIs eyes had a glitter, his whole face an excitement, his .voice an inten sity she hid never heard before. She drew back from him a little, yet curious and interested too.. "Katherine Dangerfleld! Yes. I have heard her story. It was In the papers years ago. and Ginevra told me of herat the time of her marriage. A very sad story-a very:sail fate: i She lost: all fortune, name. father, and her affianced husband---oi'hek'_'weddlng' day, and a week after she died. It is the saddest story I think I ever heard. What a das tard, what a cowardily dastard, that man must hare been, - Whst became of him. Sir Peter?" "I don't -know-I- hasve-;never asked-I 'never cared. I wasnot to:blame-no one has a 'right to blame me-I only took what was lawfully my own. She had no shadow of right to Scarsw'ood! H.ow could I tell she would die? Other women lose their fathers ,thelr hiusbands. their fortunes, and live on. How did I know it would kill her?. I say again!" his voice rising shrill, and high, and angry. "no one has a right to blame me!" "And no one does blame you. Sir Prter. t'hy should they? Of course you could pt foretell she would die. And Gine vra's governess really resemble-, this poor dead young lady so strongly?" "It is horrible. I t-l! you, h'rrible! 1 thought I saw a ghoert vh-n .h; .:·,t - ,, fore-me three hour- as-. La.dy Ceil do you believe- in ghos' :" He asked the ltu.?tinl 21r;tlyp-. and with perfect c-'avity L' -dy CX-.il laughed. P'lt,-r . who d, h ,-li,, in ghi .t. hn the ninetlenth c,-ntury? Sur ly.l ir Px:er, y,,u dont bei:: -.-- in arnytling i , ab "Yu iauthe-. Lu, i C'c-l,-' he said. -,--rs-ty. "in thr vul'ar sut 'stiti-n :,'::! dr aalt.. thati c.n' night aft-r 1:i, -h• itn, tlit ." .x' tr ant iv r, intl -'-',,m which you start up uwith th- crldl a- on yur br,-w and' th,- damnp of .th . y,,u" h ir--vi'i -s ihat ''m - lo :- -:: i " ouit" fr ._i th, " infern'il re \- :· · Ieli,-ve. Inor-h- ha.tlt then any : n - - :-t:----',-hat d,, xu call that. Lady ! ut -ul rl.r.- Sir Pet'. and hteavy , s. Any ski-fut tt hysii5 -.n wili .-x , u~- yxr dUitalning aplarinio~s." n.! at ft-' mil,*- cr from hl?' there is a ;..:-. E~ra~ckn Hiilliow it is cal,-l. r" ct . ne, tt itthe brave''t in the l'r-- h. is wilinir -, p s-? after nightfall .\ huy,' In whli.h a murder once was , . -. whrtri u'niarthly slighti are sieen . I un· ar.,liiiy h-itIrs. and tinetwrthl" u-,d:1; h t:'rd. ,What ,I, you say to "Th". i' ,v c-mn;' nixi" stry. it :I. WhV,, at Olre Court papa's \- H:'- ill HalI'. pu-:i'tle sY therte is a ,=Plt. ,ut a hit abt-ut this Bracken 'A?q cli wman lives there. w witch, p..,'?e say. She was KIathlt-rine Danger . ' ,.' urtse-- o!l Hannah." "Then I shall pay old Hannah a visit and investigate." And Lady Cecil walked away, leaving Sir Peter gloomily by the window alone. I His thoughts were still with RKathe rine Dangerileld, as they nearly always Swere. WThat a life, indeed, was his! for evening after evening rain or shine, ' summer or winter. through sleet or storm. a "spirit in hIs feet" led him. awhether or no to Katherine Danger field's grave. He had no wish to go, but he weint-he could not stay away. It had grown such a habit that it seined to himn now if he did not pay that twi ligh't visit she would assuredly visit him b'for" Ii ornin' dawnwd. Hie made his d.iy pilgrimage to this Mecca, and the P'"''1 of the town had grown tired of talking and wondering over it. "Il- t, ik o-verythin'? front hr Twhen sh*" wa." aliv." ,h'y sLd. "and .to-w that '?ahe' ,iand he plays the hyp;crit,. iand visit.- her grave evary ev-nin. I cwon der he isn't afraid she'll rise up and cnnfront hiit." Pe?rhaps he was - it had been the mania of his life. Surelv IKatlherine had kept her vow. He was, if there' ever were In the world, a "haunted man" sane enough on all other thing: - on this. Inuch thinking had made, him nu;d. He retired early that niiz:ht - 1: was less alone shut up by himsself than in the drawing-room with his wife and her relatives. All night long candles hurned in his bedroom, and one of the men ser v?nts slept in an open closet adjoining. Never without light. and never along,. He hadl grown sleepless too. and it W'as generally the small hoIurs be'fre slumber came. to hitm. He arose late 'het day. breakfasted by himself. anti did not join the family until lnncheon time. Miss Herneastle was not at lthat meal, greatly to his r-lief. It seemed she was to take all Ihers with the chil .dren in the nursery. HIe had his wife's huiteur and intolerance to thank for somethIng at least. He returned to his study, spent three hours impaling his beetles and cock chafers,-then arose, put on his hat, and turned to leave the house. He took the road to Castleford and walked briskly *onwards until he' reached the church yard. The last light of the July sun came slanting over-the 'downs, through the trees, and lay in ridges of glory upon the graves. It was all strangely hushed hiere; the town with its bustle; and life. and noise, lay behind.. - Death apd si lence reigned. Hb' rarely met anyone at this hour: .the townspeople were taking their tea. Yonder was the house wherein she had died--yonder her grave, with its grey cross, a granite one now. Its brief inscription "Katherine, tetat 17. Resurgam " He knew it so well-he had been here so often. Would he. go on coming here, he wondered wearily, as: long' as 'he lived.? . He paused. What' was that ? He was near the grave, and, standing look ing down upon it, her back turned to him, he saw a woman. A woman! His heart gave: one great bound, then seemed to turn cold and still .He went on--on-softly over the grass, impelled by the same irresistible fascination that drew hlin there. His feets truck a dry twig; it sniapped; the' woman turzaed and looked.'round. ' There, over 'Kathe rine Dangerfield's grave, looking at hilm with Katherine Dangerfield's eyes, stood Mlss-Herncastle, the governess! - (To be Contlnued.) 