IN THE APACHE PASS. " Take ft sight on that crow, sor, an' then look vertically down to where the gray mountains fringe the horizon, an' ye'll see Apache Pass. It's but a dim black line, as ye'll note. P'raps ye may not see it at all. But I can see it, sor, an' there's never a time, even in the blackest night, when I cannot. For I, sor, am the only survivor of • K ' Troop of our regiment that was wiped out there, barrin' me, of coursc by the Apaches in '68." " Yes, P ve heard about that," I answered. " Most every one has," said the sergeant, sententiously. " But I'll tell you a story about that fight, sor, that I've never told to mortal man before—an' I've never told it before becsusc it has always seemed to me liko a secret that was known only to God an' me, poor siuuer that I am. But I'm growing old, an' as all the parties to it but myself are dead an' almost forgotten, I'll tell it to you, while I rest a bit." The old sergeant etopped hoeing potatoes, Jit his pipe and sat down on au empty cracker box. He was " the character " of the post, and of the regiment for that matter. A soldier in the " old army," before the late war, he had fought throughout the Rebellion, and had served afterwards on the plains until age had rendered him almost useless and had compelled his retirement on a pension. It had been proposed to send him to a " soldier's home," but " thim places," ho would say, wjieu the project was discussed, is for the volunteers, not for the regulars. I'm going to stay with the regiment, which is me father an' me mother an' me wife an' childer an' all I have in tho world. The old troop needs a gard'ner an' I cau be that for many a year. With yez I'll stay, till ye fire a volley over me last buuk." And so he did. " As 1 said before," resumed the sergeant, " it was in '68, an' the Apaches owned the earth, or at least this God-forsaken part of it, an' the way they carried on was outrageous, It wasn't an ' outbroak,' as they say nowadays. They was simply always ' out.' You could travel a hundred miles without seeing a one of them, if they didn't want to be seen. An' yet, most every step of the way, if ye'd happeu to t'row a stone to the right or left of the line of march, ye'd come pretty near to hittin' one of the fiends. •• Well, * K ' troop, an I in it, was moviu' south with tho intention of locatin' a post down on the Mexican frontier. We weren't huntin' Apaches. There was no need of that iu those days. They did the huutin'. On the conthrary we kept our eyes peeled pretty well, both day an' night, for we had with us the captain's young wife, as pretty a creature as ever smiled under the blue heavens, sor. Captain Hemming had married her about a year after the war ended an' the honeymoon had lasted up to that time. That was the reason she was with us, for it was not known how many months or years it would be before wc got back, an' she and the captain couldn't stand a separation of any such length as that promised to be. " Next to tho captain an' his wife,in the love of the men, was the first lootinint, Thatcher was his name an' a brave officer an' true gentlem»n he was nor. An' they were the only officers we had with us, for our second lootinint had been promoted into another troop an' we *ero waiting for a youngster to be sent to us from the factory at West Point. Hemming a Thatcher was officers of the old kind, by which I mean they was bosom friends, not quarrelin' enemies like most of 'em is to-day, scr, askin' yer pardon. They was like brothers an' Mrs. Hemming was like a sister to the first lootinint. An' I am proud to say I was in it, tao, in a way ; for I was orderly sergeant of the troop an' enjoyed the confidence of both my officers an', I make bold to say, the kindly regard of the captain's wife. " To continue, sor ; with three or four scouts in advauce an' a small rear guard of a couple of files, a quarter of a mile behind the pack train, we journeyed along to our fate—which was waitin' for us in Apaohe Pass. You may have observed, sor,although you are young,that man's fate does the waitin' iu life. It is man, poor divil, thst is always hustling about to find it. An' so we were hurryin' to get to an' through that pass, for it had a bad name. Of cour?e no one apprihiuded any trouble, but the usual precautions had been taken. We had been marching for weeks, an' every day we had out our advance an' rear guards, an' our sentinels at night, which latter makes hard work when you're marching by day. An" before we ever started we all knew our duty to our captain's wife. In fact it wa3 staudin' orders that, in case of disaster when she was with us, she was to be shot rather than let her be captured. But none of us ever expected to be called on for that, sor ; for we all knew that it was well uuderstood between Captain Hemming an' Lootinint Thatcher. In fact, sor, it was said by the men that Captain Hemming had made Lootinint Thatcher take an oath that he would do that awful duty if the time ever came—an' this iu the presence of Mrs. Heriming herself, who knew all about it, an' who smiled at the danger. Still, if any of us had been called on to save her from the Apaches in that way, it would have been done, sor, for we all knew what death would save her from, in such a case. " Well, sar, it was about noon that we made the foot-hills of the Chincahua Mountains, an' not more than half an hour afterwards we entered Apache Pass. I'll never forget that day. It was an Arizona day, not a cloud in tho sky, hot sun beatiug down on us an' our poor horses piteously, an' everything as quiet as a New England town on Sunday, without the church bells. But there was something in the air, sor, that made us all feel uneasy, even the horses, sor ; an' it has been my experience that an old cavalry horse can scent an Apache better 'n a deer can. " * O Donnell.' says our first-line sergeant, Tim Murphy, poor devil, who went to the wrong place that day with his body full of bullets an' his soul full of eins—' O'Donnell,' eays he, 'was that a red head band I saw just now in them gray rocks to the right ?' " ' Red nothin',' says I, tryiu' to laugh, for the sake of the men behind who had heard. But the laugh stuck iu my throat, sor, tor I knew that Murphy had eyes like a hawk's, even if he did drink a little now an' then when Le could get it. " ' 'Twas red an' it moved,' says Murphy,with an oath that he may be workin' out this very day for all I know—for he died, of course, without the services of a priest, like all the rest of them. " ' Well,' says I, so cool I surprised myself, • if it was red an' it moved, go up and see what it was,' But the words were scarce out of me mouth when, ' split—spat—rat—tat—tat— bang !' they let us have it. " No man, sor, couli describe the next few minutes. It wasn't eyery man for himself, as ye might suppose,but it was every man do quick what was best for all of us. Lootinint Thatcher pulled the captain's wife from her horse an' stowed her between a couple of big rocks in the wnggiu'of a dog's tail. The captain himself, the last man to dismount, gave the order for skirmishers and a ringing " Forward march !" and his commands were bugled gloriously by the bugler, till ha dropped dead with a hole in his forehead. But it was no use. The only thing ws could do was to drop behind dead horses an' rocks an' fight like cornered rats ; for they had us completely surrounded. " We did better at first than you would suppose, for there were a good m»ny rocks an' a man could hide most of his vital parts in some way or other. But when Qijjht fell there wa« hardly a man who wain't wounded, an' ovtrb»lf of them were dead. With night the tiring stopped, for you know, sor, an Apache won't kill a man after dark, unless he is hard pressed, for fear the man's ghost will come buck and haunt bim. It was a superstition that was good for us in a way ; but it only prolonged the torture of the wounded an' we all suffered terrible from thirst, as the little water we had with us had given out during the day. But, worst of all, the captain had been shot dead, as he poked his head out to get a shot with a carbine that he bad taken from a dead corporal. And the moinin' of the widow was worse than the yellin' of the Apaches, which they kept up continuous all night. I don't know, sor, but that the groanin' of the wounded, the moaniu' of the widow and the yells of the Apaches that night was more awful than the fightm' during the day. An' tho worst of it was that we all knew what was comin' ou the next day. Indado there was many a report of a revolver that night that meant that wounded men was fixin' themselves so that they couldn't be tortured, an' noue of us had the heart to stop them. " I actually shivered all over when I saw the first gray streak of light in the far away East, where civilized folks were sleeping cozy in their beds. It was just then that Lootinint Thatcher crept over by my side an' laid his hand on my shoulder. " ' O'Donnell,' said he, • What do you think of it t" " ' I think we've nothin' left to do but die like men,' says I. ' We'll all be killed, an hour after thim Apaches c«n see the two sights on their guns, an' maybe sooner. We've no chance whatever, lootinint, an' I'm not the man to give in when there is one.' " ' Then 1 must—' he said in a sort of groanin' whisper. " 'The sooner, the safer an' better,' answered I ; for I knew what he meant—that he must kill tho captain's wife, or widow, I should say. In the dim light I could make out the lootinint with his head bowed in bis hands, teann' at his hair, which was thick an' beautiful. My heart beat with great sympathy, for I knew the captain an' tho captain's wife were like a brother an' sister to him. " ' Sure,' says I, to console him, ' sho's a brave little woman an' she'll be wantin' to go with her husband—an' you're a geutlemau ou your oath. It will be hard, but it will be duty. You must do it, even for humanity's sake.' The lootinint was silent a long time an' I eould see that something was workin' in his mind. After a while he looked up at me, with great, round, serious eyes that I'll never forget, an' says : " ' O'Donnell, you're a man an' I'm a man, an' I must speak to somebody—I want to tell ye somethm'.' " ' What is it ?' says I, wondering. " ' I love her,' said he with a great sob. r 'The words that came to me at that moment were not fit to repeat, but the gist of it was that I asked him it he had been untrue to hie friendship. " ' Never,' said he, with an oath that could have done duty alongside mc own, it was so strong ; an' he raised his revolver to strike me with the, butt (an' we standin' in the presence of death). An' then I remembered how be never went near her when the captain was not around an' some said it meant that he did not like her, an' I knew ho was tellin' the truth. " ' Forgive me, lootinint,' says I, ' I know it. I was not thinkin'. We are but men an' we won't be that long.' He dropped his pistol arm an' again ho was silent for a long time, while 1 watched the terrible gray of the early mornin' come up out of the East, It was gettin' light, too light to delay any longer, an' so I said to him : " ' It's time, sir—duty ! ' An' that was all that I could say, for I could see that he was sufferin* more than if he was in the throes of death, " ' Sergeant,' said he, ' would it be wrong for me to tell her—just to tell her, before we die.' " ' Of course it would,' said I. " But he is dead—and perhaps, some day it, might havo been—' ' Hush,' said I solemnly. ' His spirit is here waiting for her—an' besides it would be an insult to her.' " • Then must a man live an : love an' die, without ever tellin' his love ? ' he asked. " ' Sure,' I answered, " there's many an' most of soldiers live an' die without ever lovm It's the lot we was born to. It's duty, sor, an' manhood that's at stake' He aid nothing more but crept over to where she lay with her arm? round her dead husband. I wanted to look away, but I could not. My eyes were fascinated " ' I am ready' she said clcar au' distinct, The lootinint hesitated. " ' Duty !' says I, in a frenzy of fear that he would forget himself. An' then the lootinint raised his pistol arm quickly au' fired, bht dropped dead by her husband's side, without even a sigh, thank heaven. The lootinint stood and looked at her so long that 1 had time to notice a slight moving among the rocki knew that the Apachcs were gettin' ready for their morniu's work. 'J hen he dropped ou hi* knees an' bent forward. I could see that he wa« about to kiss her, an' for tho good of his own poor soul, I shouted : ' Don't do it, lootinint, isn't right,' in a voice like a captain yellin' at an awkward recruity,ao'he got up immediately, without a word. " ' Get behind a rock,' I yelled at him ; but he paid no attention to me. Instead, he walked a dozen yards or more, over to where our guidon was lyin' by the side of the dead corporal who had carried it He picked it up and jumped on a rock, standin' stiff an' silent like a soldier on parade, with the guidon tlutterin' in the early maram' breeze—the only cxcuse for a breeze that Arizona has, as ye know yerself, sor. ' Crack-ping-crack- ping," went a couple of Apache rifles, an' the lootinint dropped bar i: like a log, an' as dead. Then the tight began agin. But it was a poor fight uow on our sidr, an' in half an hour there was less than a dozen of us still handling our guns, au' wc were so weak an' tired we couldn't do much damage. Air then, with a whoop, they charge i us, an' I kuew that the end had come. I wa* weak with the loss of blood, but, like a drowndin' man catehin' a straw, I jumped between > couple of mesqaite bushes an' pulled th< branches down over me. The sight of them kill iu" our poor boys who was still alive was too much for me, however, an' mercifully I fell into a sort of delirium in which things were different. An' in my delirium 1 thought I beard suddenly, a dozen bugles blowing the ' charge,' an' I tried to give a little 1 hurrah '—an' then 1 fainted. " When I come to a surgeon was le»nin' oTcr me an' 1 was surrounded by a group of officers that I recognised as belongiu' to our regiment, an'I knew by their number that it was a battalion, an' that it was real bugles that I beard in my delirium. I learned afterwnrds that they were making a night march an' came up just in time to hear the early mornin' linn' an' hurry ahead. " An" then 1 heard the doctor say, ' he's the only one livin', an' it's a question whether he will live.' But 1 did, as you see, sor. An' I've told you to-day a part of the story of the massacre 81 Apache Fass that I never told before, because it seemed to me that it was the secret of a human heart that should have been known only to our Heavenly Father. But perhaps it was right to spe&k; of it,after all ; for it was the story of a man ^ho refuted temptation to tho jeiy eod, j 