CHAPTER VII. ' Hans, have you any plan ? You have lived here among these men, .and should know their habits.' ' ! ' There is no way out, sicuv, but by I the passage, and the men there they do | not sleep for the spirits.' j ■ 'Spirits!' ' Oh, a many spooks, baas—from the I holes, and the water, and the bushes; I many devils that come in the night to frighten any man who is alone. Oh, yes. They talk of them always, and ut times they make much noise to frighten ! the spooks.' | Mile* picked up the white garment j he had tossed aside. j ' If I hold this on the rifle, Hans, and you make a noise, would the guards ( down in the dark there take ■ it for a | spook?' j The Hottentot drew a long breath. ' Mawoh, baasie, you have got it sure, allovurelYes, I will cry deep in my belly, and they will run. It is good.' 'You think so?' said Miles,• doubt-1 fully. ' Oh, yes; dey plenty bang for the night things. Come how, baas, before the early cold come.' They crept off down the valley, guid&l; by the shimmer of light on the thin stream that found its way through the gorge where the guards were posted. The more Miles dwelt on the ' plan' the more childish' it appeared until, when the dark walls again loomed up close before him, he was prepared to abandon the trick. Hans, however', vehemently maintained that it was the only plan that would succeed, unless they made a fight for. it, and finally Miles prepared to build up the ghost. All he required was a stick to lash across the barrels and to form the -arms. This was soon found, and the white robe was carefully fixed, and looked certainly ghostly enough as it flatten d in the air. They arranged to advance as near as they could to the passage without being de tected, when Miles was to lift his banner on high and Hans, crouching behind, was to howl. If the' trick did not fail they were to try and slip through in the dark, and if opposed, fight. Slowly they crept on, foot by foot,' guided by the glow of a small watebfire j inside the gorge, and Miles was prepar-! ing to hoist his ghost when there ,rose a j sudden savage roar, followed by a heavy thud. .^The tiger, baas,' said Hans, in a thrilling whisper, 'he smells us. How they will find you have left the hut. Quick.' The guards were calling loudly to each other, and a second later." the report of a rifle rang up the vallev behind. - Miles lifted his rifle, the. white robe fluttered like some giant's wraith, and Hans emitted a long, low, blood-curdl ing howl, terminating in a hollow groan. Before he had finished the leopard roared again, and amid this awful din Miles stepped into the mouth of the ravine and into the view of the guards, who had all rushed together ami stood peering into the darkness, their nerves all quivering. ' Sbeitan 1' they cried, and as the apparition appeared two of them hastily fired, the others pressed back against i he rock, and then Hans howled again, finishing off with a fiendish langh. This was too much for the superstitious Arabs, and with a yell of terror they fled, dropping their rifles. Hans went after, laughing hideously,' and Miles followed at a run. Once out of the ravine-they stopped to listen, and could hear the terrified guards still flying and calling wildly on Allah and the Prophet, while echoing through the', gorge came the clamour of the armed mob behind. ' ' Which way now ?' . Without a word Hans stooped and lifted Milcs's right foot, then the left, finally smacking his own bare feet. ■ 'How,' he cried, 'this way,' and struck up to the right, where the sides cf thc valley sloped at an easy gradient. Uj> they went at their best speed, until i ■■ Lnt.il uctsi. spctni, until t. J' tuc-top was reached Miles stopped to. get breath, and "board below the volume of noise increasing to a perfect roar of rage. . ' What did you do to my feet?' 'They will loose the tiger just now, and I smeared Arab grease on so he will miss the spoor. Hoar, baas, the tiger; already lie is loose.' The cry of the fierce brute, this time more of a scream than a roar, rose.high above the other sounds, and Miles needed no other spur, but dashed on alter the Hottentot, who turned sharply to the right. Another desperate burst through thorns, which lacerated their i skins,. brought them to a wall of I rock. \ ' We must climb,' said Hans breath lessly, as he moved about feeling the rocks. ' Here i6. a spot,' he said, and they struggled . up a narrow cleft, clutching fiercely, with their teeth shut, and trusting blindly to luck to bring! j them out to a firmer footing. Safely, however, they surmounted this obstacle, and throw themselves on a level stone to I regain their wind. Then a savage cry < frorii out the pitch darkness below, ac-1 eompanied by yells from human throats almost as fierce, spurred them on once nunc, hut this time their way lay through dense wood, and thoy had to go slow,"but as they struggled on, the noise I of the chase died out. 'Good!' said the Hottentot, 'they have gone down the river;' and they went on more quietly for an hour, when they struck a small stream, aud Hans sat down. ' We can sleep now, sieur. Hawoh, Dat was well done.' ' Do you know where we arc ?' ' We are near the place we left just now.'. ' Hot in the valley again ?' ... 'Neh, baas, no; on the rock above. See, they will not think we have turned back, but will go on. Oh, yes, I have made that plan long time—if I get out side the place—to climb back to the top. Hnne is a slim' (sly) 'kerel. Sleep, my baas; when the light comes they will seek for spoor, and we must have ; all eyes open.' . The old fellow hereupon doubled I himself up in some garment he had J snatched up at the last moment before the flight, and was soon asleep. Miles, j however, sat clutching his rifle and listening to the faint, far-off murmur of the hunt, before he snatched a few hours' sleep. They were afoot again before the early dawn, and when the sun had been an hour up they had placed several miles between them and their enemies, though the course taken naturally led them deeper into the country. ~ ] When they took their rest they found that in the anxiety of their escape they had forgotten to bring away even an ounce of food, and as their hunger in creased they turned their pockets inside out. Miles produced a handful of dates from his, while Hans discovered a small stick of biltong, a cake of CaYendish tobacco, a flint, a thong of buckhide, and the fragment of a letter. Miles picked up the scrap of paper and smoothed it out, and the word that first caught his attention was ' Stoffel.' 'Where did you get this?' ho said, holding the shred up. ' In the coat, baas.' ' And the coat ?' ' I picked him up in the place of the guns. Allcvarel!' the old man exclaimed in astonishment, as he held the coat up and examined it. It was a stout coat of corduroy, bearing sign6 of much wear. ' I know him well; it belongs to that duivel, Stoffel.' 'Do you know that man?' asked Miles, quietly. ' Stoffel!. He is jes so as a tiger -—jn. He was my baas in the old land, and for I lose his oxen when the night was dark, he sent me to the slave men with a briefje—verdam—and the slave man put my neck in the yoke.' ' Where was that ?' ' ' By the big river, much far away. Bymby I get back to the big river; bymby I find dat same Stoffel.' : ' Is he a slave dealer ?' ! ' Heh, baas, ho shoot; and he trade for elephant teeth; and he sell guns, and brandy-wiue, all sorts to the Kaffirs.' ' I suppose lie has white men with him ?' ' I don't think so. He is a Blim kerel, and what he know ho know, but his boys don't know. I did'hear, all the same, der was one place in thehush where he build. a house, and the mens said he would bring one of his wives dcrc.' 'One of his wives?' ' Ja, baas, he jes same as the Arab or Kaffir chief, and he have plenty wives, all coloured. Bymby I go back to the big river, and bymby X see dat Stoffcl, and I hit him so, bliff, on the kop,' and Hans made a cut with his sword. * I should like to see this Stoffel myself, Hansfor it was he who got me. into this trouble.' - | ' How ?' cried Hans, his little eyes 1 sparkling like a snake's. j ' "We iuust get back to the port and take a ship to the river, Hans; and, when we get there you must help me 1 track him down.' ! I many Kaffirs.' betn'eer* thore are a fro?ti;cC™"0tH^ m°*> »">" five days likely to cross' ^ Aials are not , AfTXatt^!9tore °,f roots Tvhich he ate In Z SnW ^ ^ey turupf) cm.fi, i • afternoon oot'as t ,1 went ^nTl 8 ^ lo<>k well after suiLt i ef,!nS 0I> until ' tTeBlimfarf th°^ dSSl%b|EbU^ iSSSgff-■' !s^f?s §^mm Une by sk' "h^ " l0"g iutc'"'al hail if alley 7 86 ^detained in the .'Sat -? 14 if a JBckl>! howling.' ■fteh, sienr, listen ! There'' pnticn%.!learUOthing'' S"id k«es, im I 'Ikneiv it,' said Hans, jumping ,m Miles stood up, too, for he Lw that '"oompamon was really alarmed, there aga,u it comes, and nearer Does baas hear now ?' ejror. i ' I hear a cry far off.' I ;itTGott, it is the tiger 1' j froJtX?'™3'' "0t that b™{*! solemld'y.SieU1',:' the Hottentot, j lhey stood listening, and then there I broke out the weird howling 0fa 3* W.ftroondedThe ' Let us run, baas.' ■ onet^'"55^ We<«}ifor 'If it comes alone, yes' sairl Wc, <l0„btf„),y as Still, It is dark, and if it springs into Letns eT176 T'M kave no room fix**"1*- =i«.ra Uje ligbt ' CM SCe bim COme int3 They moved off to the shelter of a •ool, and watched the flames slowlv wvTerri,UP amoDe fhe Pi'erl material while the cry came nearer and fiercer' ■n a series of short savage veins pI' sently, however, as the fire took hnl 1 «nd shot up, the'cry ceased ^ ^ s« J, ?)'5 nlnn.Ing rtill now,' said Miles ho ttrust his rule over the rook ' t.r. SMiZS"'"-"' .Z&■»., fight''6 rt »•T hT; , ?™' <he master h,?e « the-V l!,ke bim lie will Kve burmethey^U^etothetigeri * "We must fight, Hans. Here, take this belt of cartridges and hand me the charges as I may want them.' ' That is my baas,' and the old man began to cry. {Ek es ne bang, baas. I err always when I fight. Voet6ack ye verdmole cat!' he shouted, as the cry I once more burst out. There was no mistaking that terrible sound now for anything but the yell of the furious beast they dreaded, and Miles felt his hair stir as he stood with his weapon ready, and his eyes fixed on the circle of light about the still blazing fire. They heard clearly the rattle of pebbles, the soft thud of the great paws, and a low menacing grunt, then one shrill whistle, followed ! by intense silence. 'Ihere is a man there, whispered Hans. ' Yes, he called the tiger off.' ' Neh, sieur, he called the tiger to go slow. Now he wili'be creeping up.' The silence seemed to deepen, but in vain they tried to catch the faintest sound, and in every spot of black, in every waving bush, and stone, they saw a crouching form stealthily ap proaching. So they stood till their eyes wearied of the strain, and Miles set his gun down, for the fierce grasp on the stock had benumbed his fingers. Then, picking up the weapon again, he stepped softly to the fire, and threw a flaming brand into the darkness, and fell back with his finger on the trigger. There was no response to this challenge, save a complaining whimper from a hungry jackal, and he went back. to the rock puzzled. ' Baas,' whispered Hans, ' the beast is back of us. He is watching while the man has ridden away for help.' ' How do you know ?' ' It must be so. He would strike our wind, and when the whistle sounded he would sec us. I know his eyes are on us now, where he lies low with his chin on the ground.' '"We will walk him up, then,' said Miles firmly, and he stepped .out into the dark, with his back to the fire, feel ing away with his feet, while Hans kept close beside him, with the point of his crooked blade up. Slowly and anxiously they quartered the ground to the right, then to the left, then made a circle with the fire for the centre, but not a sign or a sound did they see or hear . of "either man or beast, and then they took their bearings from the Southern Cross and walked steadily away. "With many a halt to look behind, they walked right into the eye of the morning. As the light grew they turned wearily to look behind, and from their feet to the horizon there stretched a level arid plain, unfolding mile on mile as the mist was rolled back by.the sun. No living thing was there. The hard ground held no trace of footmark, and they threw themselves by the side of a tall ant-hill, with their bodies in the direct gaze of the sun, for the raw air chilled them to the hone. ' Why did we run away last night ?' said Miles, thinking they had been scared at nothing. But the Hottentot made no reply. His chin had fallen forward, and he was sound asleep. Miles felt unconsciously in his pocket for food, and in the absence of even a single date filled his pipe and smoked, with his thoughts going back to that day in Males beside the little lake. Then he remembered Stoffel, and the hint Hans gave him of his hoiue huilding far sonth, and he sighed in his helplessness. ' "What's dar ?' said Hans, leaping to his feet, and glaring round. ' Nothing, Hans.' ' I did think that Amol was catching me by the throat, and holding me while the tiger come up.' ' I should like something to eat,' said Miles, looking round over the plain for a sight of a bird. ' If we find water we will find game, and from the slant of these old water marks I think we will march in that direction,' pointing to the right. ' That is right, baas.' They started off on a long tramp, stripping their coats off presently, when the sun grew stronger, but keeping steadily on till noon found them in a dry donga, with a few ragged thorns clinging to its banks, and here and there a patch of withered reeds' Going down the bed they at last eanie upon a stag nant pool, hollowed out from the bank, with a wide margin of dried mud, and a narrower margin of green slime reeking in the heat. It was not inviting, and Miles looked at the thick, evil-smelling liquid with disgust, but Hans studied the ground carefully, with a hunter's eye. 4 See here, baas,' he said, pointing to old hoof marks on the dry belt, ' the buck have not been "to drink. There must be better water near.' So tbey went warily on over the hot sand, and came upon a large pool under the shelter of a great rock, and pro tected from the sun by a roof of palms and tree ferns, while on the near border was a thick growth of tall grass. They ran forward, and were soon flat on a shelving rock, drinking draughts of cool, sweet water. 