PEltl WINKLE. CHAPTER VIII. »T MET- tho gentleman on Ins way to the station, miss,' explained tho boy ; ' and -ho said I was to be sure and wait about tho placo until I see you.' I had a sixpcnco and a few halfpence in my pocket, p11 of which I joyfully bestowed on tho messenger— he should havo had moro— three times as much— had I had moro with mo at the ' time to give ; and then I bado him hurry away in order that I might be alone, alone with my wonder ful luck. The pallid waif scam pered off well pleased, doubtless naif Yintfiniv rnnlrnnml linnn initio \- paid at both ends of the journey. 1 Once more by myself, and with no one to watch me, in a ilutter of joy that was almost pain 1 prepared to read what I thought was to be my first love-letter. There was no address upon the large square envelope — only the .word " Periwinkle," in fanciful letters of pale blue and olivc- S "ecu, painted across it from a p corner.to a bottom one. With eager trembling fingers, yet with . a touch of reverent care, I brolco the seal and peeped in at my llnf fliArn wna nn Invn- letter.. What then could it bo ? Ah, something as sweet, if not sweeter, for it was Daryl himself — his photograph. There were the handsome faultless pule fea tures,. tho heavy mouttacho as in life hiding a perfect mouth, the wido white forehead and dark wavy-hair, nrd Duryl's own won drous-beautiful dark eyes gazing gravely, yot smiling a little, up ward into mine. It was" a marvellous, a most eloquent like ness) and I kissed it a hundred times. With the photograph there h id come a clivor little sketch .done, oven my unti t red eye could perceive, upon rough drawing- paper and in great haste — ti e . hurried sketch of a girl in a washed-out blue-musiii gown, with bluo ribbons knotted loosely about her neck and h it, and with long sprays of the periwinkle plant adorning in du-ky fantastic fashion her person as well. The girl's hair was soft and sombre as the purple-black wmg of a young raven; her heavily-lashed eyes, looking straight at one with a questioning serious air, were as clear and as blue as the peri winkle flower itself. Perhaps the contour of tho face was a trifle thin, the lips in expression a little sad ; notwithstanding — being by nature neithor stupid nor blind — I knew it was a lovely and u:i- idealised portrait, tho genuinely healthful hue of the fair young facp being unquestionably the greatest charm to be found iu it. < Oh, llaryl,' was the silent glad cry in my heart, 'how you must Jove me, my darling, my darling, to paint mo so faitlifilly from memory — in absence to r ra ;mber me so well 1 ' And— yes !— on an thcr sip of paper there was a l'no or so of writing to . After a'l, then, it was really ai d truly a loio-lottcr. The writt. p wo da. however, which my ey s devoured wero piorely — ' Beloved, for. well until dawn to morrow. I send the enclosed to y u mv.lovelv Flower, so that vou irav know that you nre not for g<tt a by, hat are ever present in the tonderest ( thoughts of Your own PAR\uDAnkwbo.D.' 1 "With these dear wovd3 and tho , " .photograph pressed to Thy lips, I (prised my eyes mutely to the high (summer sky , and thanked lloaven thus for so bravo a lover. CHAPTER IX. To all my favourito haunts I had said good-byc ; nor did I fo:> get tho pigs and poultry, Daffodil pad Daisy, or the deaf and aged Sally upon the kitchen hearth. Also had 1 paid my last visit to, Vpt my last bars ove-, my little dog's grave under the nut-boughs in the garden. Yes, to nil then pronnd mo I had whispered that simple yet often heart-breaking word ' Good-bye.' - There was only Aunt Hannah now ; and ub for uncle Simon — . But I must net, I dnrcd not think pf hiin. >And so, when bed-limo canie, .Jihrdly knowing what I was about, to do or say, I fell upon aunt, .lapjiah's bony shoulder and hid I my faco in tho grimy pink-' wrap- f per. So clinging to her, I sobbed out my farewell. Aloud, ii| tones h'isky and choked, it was ' Good night;! under my brcath.it .was 'Good-bye.' \ She was evidently much aston ished tit this unwonted display of. emotion on my part ; and I -haw; no doubt the droumstanimiraqjir- rod to her vividly cnough af to wards. 'Why, bless mOj Flower, child,' she said, more kindly than she generally spoke, jwhat's the mat ter with you? You don't feel nervous, I hope— jumpy, or - or- auy thing like that, do you ? ' ad ded aunt Hannah anxiously. 'Ho, no, no; I am weak and si ly — nothing more,' I stammer- er, quickly drying my eyes. 'You see, I — I — I cannot help thinking of poor Jack. I shall miss him s — :'.o terribly; and — and—' 1 Ob, that's it, is it ?' said aunt Hannah, in a relieved tone. ' Well, it's silly to cry about it, Flower, though I must confess that it made mo feel a bit shaky this morning, when 1 saw him stretched out tliero on the straw in liis tub; and — audi do trust his death, being — being poisoned and all — don't menu misfortune .of any kind,' slio said, shivering and looking scared. Unable to bear moro or to soy moro just then, I slipped from aunt Hannah's stiff and queer, but kindly meant embrace, fled to my own room, locked the door, and there in a passion of weeping flung myself upon the bed. Yet all the while I was conscious that I was, iu spite of everything, deliriously happy ; for Daryl Darkwood's picture — his cwii likeness — was lying next my heart. : ' . From sheer exhaustion, and worn outwitlrexcitoment, I must I sup; o;.e, all dressed as I was, hnvo quickly have fallen asleep,, and slept, too, soundly. And as the niglit ' wore on I dreamed a frightful dream. ' I thought that without warning unclo Simon had returned to Moor Edge, looking stem . and menan- cing and altogether unliko the benign old man I knew, to accuse mo the moment wo . met of base iniiratitude and lack of natural feeling. He seemed to bo aware that I was flying from Moor Edge and from the vague horror which brooded over tho lonely house, bccnuso ho said, whilst his face grow wan witli anger nml a stccl- liko glitter crept into his eyes, that my conduct was unpurdona- blo and more cruel thau. " a ser pent's tooth." Ho dropped his hands np:>n my shoulders, and his wiry grip was like the clutoh of a fkoleton. Dumb with despair and friglit, I sank at his fee),, and noticed then that he had tho black bag with him. lie caught it up as if struck by a swift idea ; and some thing iu his palo evil look made mo gasp out— ' Arc you going to kill me ?' And he auswered quite quiet ly- ' 'Yes — living, you shall never Ip.ivo Moor Edge— never take the secret with you. One day, some day — who knows?- — it may. be iny fortune. So I . will stifle the life cut of you with my black bag.' And in tlin next instant Jin irns kneeling upon, my chest, holding no down thus, with the black bag wessed over my mouth and nos trils. The horrid thing had a loathsome, death ike smell, and 1 struggled frantically to thrust it from my face. Yain ! The agony of a violent end waa stealing ov.er mo ; tho voice of my uncle Simon was humming iu my cars. 'Flower,' it said—' 'good-bye, Flower ! I will bury you in the attic v. i h the others at least there will be ghosts over present to keep you company such ghosts, dear ! And then you can haunt (ho attic too. Flower- poor Flower — to die so early ! Flower ' With a great and painful start I awoke. The roso gray light of dawn was in my room ; someone without my window was calling softly — ' Flower — Flower,' — and the thong of a whip was smiting my window-sill. .... .. Up I sprang, pushed back my tumbled hair, and- ran — my ugly dream forgotten in a trice— to tho open casement,.:; . ' y . : , ' .Yes, it w.$ hew morni g — young, lovely day — and the daw j had restored my lover to mo. leaned out into tho sweet chill air and stretched both hands towards him. Ho grasped them and kissed them in gallant greeting. ; 'All, that is right,' he said gair ly. I see you, are up and.dressed aud so we can 6tart without the least 'delay. It is now about u quarter, to four. I meant to have boon eveu earlier, my darling, but could not altogether manage it. It has boou' rather a rush as it is.' But I told him that I had not really been to bed — hud mcroly laid down with my clothes on.and in that fashion had fallen asleep unexpectedly. And then shyly. I began to thank hiin for his gift of tho previous day— tho photo graph, tho sketch, and the dear note. But he struck iii somewhat impitiently ' We'll talk about that goiug along, dearest.. Time's short— our breakfast is waiting at Nortli- miaster. Tho old hag'— that was aunt Hannah- — "may wake up di rectly, you know, dnd;then — and then — Flower, there'll be a scone —a douce of li row perhaps-- aud wo don't wont that. Let us bo shrrp and bo gone.' ' I will bo ready in ton min utes,' I promised quickly. 'Ten. .minutes!' echoed lie with, a frown. ' Why, what have you to do ?' ... ' I must make myself tidy' nnd nico,' Iahswrired timidiy.V ' I — I feel rather confused and bewil dered at present, to toll the truth, but a little cold water will wake mo up.' -- ' Well, that won't take long, Periwinkle. Do be quick about it, dear, for I am getting hungry —fearfully hungry.' . f And I must say my prayors, too,' I finished geutly. He laughed. At any other time — a time that offered oppor tunity for, that invited calm and dispassionate reflection — tho laugh would have jarred upon me — hurt inc. But, as it was, in tho novelty and excitement that that fateful hour;' his light regnrd of what was to mo so solemn and so truo a tiling passed almost uu- not bid. ' I'll give you ton minutes for everything,' he said blithely, 'and, Flower,' ho added, in a grayer tone, 'recollect what I have told vmt . Tlwriff rmfhirtnp nttrnvr fmm AAV... this house, mind you, beyond the few tlijngs which are absolutely i indispensable. All deficiencies shnll bo made good by-nnd-by.? I nssurcd'htm earnestly that ho wish ho had expressed in tho mat ter had been forgotton by mo. His wishes wero commands, I told him, and should he obeyed to tho letter. 'Tho chaise,' said my lover, 'is on the moor — just round tho cor ner of that shed yonder. I'll go and see whether the horse is all right — what a picldo wo should be in if ho were tp bolt ! — and will return hero when tho time is up.' - Daryl strolled off on his errand and ,1 withdrew from tho window. When the ton minules were flo wn I was ready. I had put oh the best summer clothes I posses sed, my sole luggago being an antiquated sunshade and a small hnnd-bap, I had taken a last tender l.'ngiiriug look at my little bookoase, the wise silent occupants of which, I understood in after years, had beon my truest friends and companions at Moor Edge. I had khblt b/ the sidc of my small white rumpled ; bed, and in brief hurried prayer had passionately asked Heaven's .blessing on the stop I was about to take — tho now lifo I was ahoiit to ontor upon, my strange unknowu lifo hs Daryl Darkwood's wife". |. . And then, looking slowly round tho norrow familiar room, every homely hit of furnituro in which I can see before, me now as|jdis- tinctly as if long and bitto years of suffering could not by me bp counted betwbenv'thb dim yesteri day arid the. bright to-day,' I; re-, alised that there was indeed noth ing more to; bo done. I was ready: Again' I went to the window. With outstretched arms Daryl was waiting there. ' Comb !' said . he. , . ' By this way — like this ?' , I fultcred. . . ' Yes. It is. tho simplest, and the safest,' he replied. ' Hand -me down tho hag and tho para sol; then take my hands firmly and- jump,. I will catch you, never fear !'. ' One moment, Daryl,' I plea ded, holding back. 'Do not— do not be angry ; but — but I should like, if I may, to Icaivo behind mo somo message, a writ- ton message: — just a word or two — for uucle Si— for— for--OS, yon know what I mean!! I broke off tremulously. Daryl Davkwood struck tho ground with. Lis foot. ' What folly ?' ho exclaimed. ' It won't take long.' Making no further objection on tho point, ho tore a .; .leaf-' hastily from li sketchrbook he carried iri his pocket, and: scribbled upon it— ' Simon Croedy — I know, every thing; aud to-day I' have left Moor Edgo for over. I have found one who truly loves me; and . whom I dearly lore. xlU home, not yours, henco- forth will bo mine.-' ' Feotveii Daukwood.' ' There, '_ said my lover coolly — ' stick that,- dear, upon your pincushiin. , It . will makotho old man sit up.' - v, ' It looks too— too cold and un feeling— so cruelly brusque L' said I very wistfully, readiug with fast- dimming eyes what Daryl DarkwoOd had written; ' And- — and, besides, I ,do;. not know cvprrfJiino- Tt is nnf.'fjia trnt.li— ' ' Oh, hang it— oh; that's non sense, dearj-I iriehn ! Surely you know enough, at' tiny Tate, for the present !,' . _ , . r. :- ' And— and there's the signa ture.' Oh; Daryl 1' ' ' It's all right, my dear little gill. By tho;tiuie the old ruffian comes homo and reads that, why; ydu will of - course be Flower Darkwood'— in fact, a quite old married woman !' All, well, I . had been called upon to clioosb between tlio two men, and I had elected to trust Daryl Darkwood ! Hiin I had chosen beforo all other men; thenceforward I must do his bid ding — oboy him — ho was my master. His wishos, his will, now and for over after, must be mine. With my head turned aside, so that my sad oyes should not wit ness the deed iriy trembling hands must so unwillingly perform, I piiined upon tho cushion , on iriy drossing-tahlo those cold . lines of eternal farewell. Oh, -unclo - Si riion— oh, unclo Simon — good bye — good-bye ! ' A few Acbbrids. latei; wiih ri Voor forced smile, I -assiived"my over that I was ready — yes, Veally ready at -last. I ' ciimbed- on to the window -ledge, , put my harids iuto his, and then, ' .gazing trustfully, down into his 'dark fen- dbr' eyes,' I . sprang fearlessly, earthward, to ho caught safely within his strong and sheltering arms. : , -V . , Tho chaise that was waiting for. lis upon the breezy moor was a somewhat dilapidated-looking ve hicle; I: thought. It was the best lio could; get in the ' neighbour hood, Daryl said gtiily ; aud the animal attached to it — ; ririth no thoughts, I am sure, of bolting— wits tranquilly cropping the swoot hrid dowy herbage. The sun was waxing stronger; the lurks were singing out of .sight ; upon the far uplands the heather took faiut crimson and purplo hues when viewed through the vanishing morning mists. : . I was seated by Daryl Dark- wood's side,- . I was now very silent. I dared not look back at the house I had forsaken. . He gathered up tho reins, gave the horse a sharp cut with the whip, and we were off. 'Ah,' cried Daryl, suddenly stopping and taking from beneath the seat of tlio musty old ohaiso a handful of lovely real orange- blossoms,'!' ought to .'have re membered these before ! ' See, sweetheart— fasten them at .your throat ! I wonder whether they are as becoming as periwinkles ?' For a moment, iu a dazed ui - seeing way, 1 stared at the ex- quisito blossoms. For a moment I failed utterly to roaliso their tender and deep significance, be cause I believe that their rare fragrance had turned nio some what giddy and faint. Daryl put tho flowers in my lap, and passed his arm round my waist. Fondly he drew me to his side, and bent his dark head to mine. I clung to him help lessly — he was my all now 1 ' What— is it possible tliatyou have . forgotten, . my dearest,' whispered , he, ' that this is our wedding-day?' chapter x. . Life is real— life 'is bitter ; but life after all is— or it should be- only a pilgrimage to higher things. Sofhe sooner it is. over the better. ; ' Some suoh sad reflection qs this was passing, dimly and unrittered, through my. tried hrairi, as I sat by the open window of an rip-; Btairs sitting-room, in - a not-too- eheerful lodging-h'ouso iwhieh stood in the neighbourhood of Shepherd's Bush, with Haminor- sinith not far off. It was evening. ;TwiHghtwas deepening into darkness. The sultry night promised to bo even sultrier than the midsummer day had been. Ill this stuffy and third-rate suburban locality, where cheap yillas and gaudy shops abounded, and whore the near rumblo of tram-car and omnibus mode the thought of tho real sweet fresh green country at eventide como to ono's longing soul like a dream of Paradise. A giant sowing-maaliino has boon finished nt --Lacds. , Thq maohino wliioh is to bo used for attaohing cot ton belting weighs 5J tons;. \- In.Brnzil, at the funeral of ari un married Vvptnan, 'the "mourning colour is'sqarlet.;.1 The boffin,, the. hears, tho iVnppirigs' of tho horses, rind the livery of cfio driver aro all soarlet, 