SNAP SHOTS, Interviewers and 'character-sketch' writers — those twin terrors of political peace, domestic hap piness, and honest existence — are the highwaymen and burglars of journalism. One bails you up in the street, he dogs you going to the theatre, and tracks you coming from church ; in the restaurant, on the train, at the christening of a fire-engine, or the funeral of a friend, you cannot evade him. He demands your opinions or your life. Your opinions are extorted tor publication and not necessarily as a guarantee of good faith. The other of the twin terrors forces himself into your house, makes a bailiff's inventory of your furniture and your books, plants his legs under your mahogany, samples your wine, annexes your cigars, puts you through a per sonal, political, and religious catechism, interrogates your cook as to the beauties or blemishes of your private life, borrows an umbrella, and goes home to write up his ' impressions.' Our blameless Coadjutor-Bishops in New South Wales, who it is known do not carry firearms have of late been singled out for attack by both the interviewer and the ' character-sketch' man. Dr. Dwyer, as they say in the accident reports, escaped with trifling injuries. Dr. Gallagher was not so fortunate. This is what a writer in one of the country papers says of him : — ' He is a gre:it student. One night he picked up in his room at the presbytery of one of the parishes the ' Prose Writings of Heinrich Heine,' includ ing the ' R^isebilder,' the ' Florentine Nights,' ' German Philosophy,' and the ' Confessions.' In the morning there was not a thought in the book with which he was not acquainted, a phrase he could not quote correctly. Dr. Gallagher deplores the lack of good bo oks and newspapers among the Catholic people in the country.' 11 There are certain mirrors,' Heine himself wrote, ' so constructed that they would present even Apollo as a caricature. But we laugh at the cari cature, not at the god.' Heine, we all know, had visions. Did he see as in a dream prophetic that cracked and crooked mirror, the country press of N.S.W.? It is a Billy little story, this one of a man who, as the phrase goes, has read everything, making the acquaintance of Heine in the pick-me-up manner stated. To read Heine in one evening, even in the cheap and condenaed '? Camelot Series ' to ?which the up-country scribe clearly refers, and from which he has copied the titles incorrectly, would be a feat worthy of one of those clever reviewers who ' do ' a dozen books at a sitting for our Saturday morning papers. To have absorbed every thought, and to have committed to memory every phrase, would be to achieve something of which no man in the world — certainly no ocholar — has ever been able to boast. Dr. Gallagher must have thrown himself back in his chair and laughed long and heartily when he saw himself credited with this marvellous perform ance. The up-country interviewer is evidently blissfully ignorant of the fact that the prose writ ings of Heinrich Heine fill no less than eight fine fat volumes. No one could get through them under a month. ' The Reisebilder' alone fills two volumes. Dr. Gallagher, as a matter of course, has read Heine — the poet with a worm in his heart and a caneer on his imagination — for his exquisite style, for his flights of fancy, and for his philosophical eccentricities. But that Dr. Gallagher read the polished pagan and apostle of romantic sensualism ?with such whole-heaited appreciation as to master every twist and turn of thought, and to commit to memory every phrase, is to perpetrate a criminal libel on the very learned and very orthodox Coad jutor-Bishop of Goulburn. We might well forgive Dr. Gallagher, however, if, as an aid to expressing his opinions on illiterate and audacious interviewers, he had noted just this one serviceable phrase : ' Nor have I ever seen an ass— that is, no four-footed one — that spoke like a human being ; whereas I have met human beings in plenty that opened their mouths and spoke like asses.' One of Heine's most enthusiastic panegyrists eoys of him. : 'In the history of Germany it was her two great intellectual liberators. Luther and Lessing, to whom' Heine looked up with the most unqualified love and reverence. By his later vindi cation of the rights of the spirit, not less than by his earlier fight for religious and political progress, he may be said to have earned for himself a place be low, indeed, but not so very far below those hearty and sound-cored iconoclasts.' Of Luther, Heine himself, in his ' History of Reli gion and Philosophy in Germany,' writes : — 41 There was one man at the Diet of Worms who, I am convinced, thought not of himself, but only of the sacred interests which he was there to cham pion. That man was Martin Luther, the p°or monk whom Providence had selected to shatter the world- controlling power of the Roman Catholic Church, against which the mightiest emperors and most intrepid scholars had striven in vain.- Luther was not only the greatest, but also the most thoroughly German hero of our history. . . He was filled with a reverential awe of God. He was full of the spirit of self- sacrifice for the honour of the Holy Ghost; he could sink hiG whole person ality in the most abstract spirituality, and yet he could well appreciate the good things of this earth, and from his mouth blossomed forth the famous saying — ' Who loves not wine, women, and song, Will be a fool all his lifo long.' AH praise to Luther ! Eternal honour to the blessed man to whom we owe the salvation of our most precious possessions, and whose benefactions we still enjoy ? The fetters with which St. Boniface had chained the German Church to Rome are broken. We behold the rise of evangeli cal Christianity. By recognizing and legitimatizing the most importunate claims of the senses, religion becomes once more a reality. The priest becomes man, takes to himself a wife, and begets children, as God desires ? Protestantism was very successful in effecting that purity of morals and strictness in the fulfilment of duty which is generally called morality. In certain communi ties, indeed, Protestantism assumed a tendency which in the end became identical with morality, and the Gospels remained as a beautiful parable only. Particularly in the lives of the ecclesiastics is the change now noticeable. With celibacy dis appeared also monkish obscenities and vices.' A hundred such passages might be quoted to show the anti-Catholic character of Heine's works. He scoffed at Christianity itself. 'The final fate of Christianity,' he says, 'is dependent upon our need of it.' He lived in imagination among the pagan gods and goddesses, and who can read his ' Gods in Exile,' with its disgusting satire on the Catholic priesthood, without a shudder ? Bishop Gallagher may well deplore the lack of ' good books in the country' when he himself is impudently set up by way of exa:nple as an admir ing student of one of the most fascinating, and at the same time most ' dangerous,' writers of the century. Heine was a genius, but I for one should not under any circumstance recommend his eight volumes of prose as the foundation of an up-country Catholic library. Mr. M'Millan, I notice, has bnen.like Dr. Galla gher, passed through the clumsy hands of a ' character- sketch writer,' A sample of the handling : — ' People who have seen only his photograph or read his speeches have an idea that Mr. M.'Millan is a big man. He in nothing of the sort. If you remove his tall hat, he would hardly touch the 5ft 7in mark. You can see Air. M'Millan any morning walking at a brisk pace from the tram to his offices at Macarthur and Co.'s, York-street, or back again in the afternoon, always well groomed, and pre occupied. If you stop him, he trembles nervously [lie), though he never shows any irritation. He be longs to the North of Ireland school, which incul cates the importance of the soft word. A stranger would think Mr. M'Millan was cold, reserved, and unsympathetic. When you sit down with him, over a cigar and a cup of coffee, he is quite the reverse (sic), and in that quite unpretentious home of his at Randwiok he allows 3*ou to look into his mind, and see his nature as it really is. Everything about that home, from the well-kept flower garden to the neat book shelves, reveals the methodical character nf the man. .... He is not a strong man. Not that he lacks courage, for he would fight a hurricane, but he is never sure of his ground. The next step may land him in the quick sand, he thinks, and he trembles on the brink. Indeed, he often fears that the ground will fall from under him, and so he fights amidst conflicting doubts ? His father was a clergyman, and Mr. M'Millan him self is a political preacher. Yet, although he cays grace before and after meals, he allows himself the luxury of a harmless oath (sic). He is an Irish man, with Irish national sympathies, which he has never disguised. If one could judge from his col lection of books, he is not a well-read man (sic), though all his books are good— historical, political, and commercial.' Perhaps, after all, Charles Lamb had the inter viewer and ' character-sketch' v/riter is his eye when he gave us the picture of the poor relation : — 41 He is a piece of impertinent correspondency ; an odious approximation ; a haunting conscience ; a preposterous shadow, lengthening in the noontide of your prosperity; an unwelcome remembrancer; a perpetually-recurring mortification; a drain on your purse, a more intolerable dun iipon your pride ; a drawback upon success : a rebuke upon your rising; a triumph to your enemy ; an apology to your friends ; the one thing not needful ; the hail in harvest; the ounce of sour in the pound of sweet. His memory is unseasonable ; his compliments per verse ; his talk a trouble ; his stay pertinacious ; — and when he goeth away, you dismisD his chair into a corner as precipitately as possible, and feel fairly rid of two nuisances.' Mr. Fred Leston writes : — ' In glancing over your interesting ? pars' (which I never fail to do) in last issue, I of course came across those referring to the origin of 'Father O'Flynn' (song, of course). I may here mention I am the original 4 Father O'Flynn ' in the colonies. 1 first sang it at one of the Irish National League Concerts at the New Masonic Hall. Sydney, about 14 or 15 years ago, long before Santley thought of coming to the colonies. The song was selected for me by the committee from a book of about 500 songs, with simply the air (the bass had to be 'faked'). I 'attached' myself to it ' first pop,' and made a great hit. Two weeks after I again sang it at; the old Exhibition Building, and really splendid notices appearing in the daily papers, I learned that the music proper waa tobe had. The critique must have been read by Paling and Co., as next day copies of the song were in the front rank in their window. As ' records ' seem to be the order of the day, I consider I have estab lished one, as I am satisfied I have sung 4 Father O'Flynn ' over 1000 times. — I am, yours, &c;, Fred Leston.' No wonder they don't want to teach colonial his tory in the Victorian State schools. The romance of the foundation of Marvellous Melbourne is not ' elevating' reading. The Trustees of the British Museum have just purchased for £25 a curious his torical document, the actual title-deed of the land on which the city of Melbourne is built. On a long and narrow piece of parchment is recorded in writ ing, which is in places very indistinct, the purchase by John Batman, ' Founder of Victoria,' of land called Dutigalla, the contract bearing the signatures of three witnesses as well as that of the purchaser. The vendors, three brothers all bearing the name of Jagiijaga, with other chiefs, assigned to John Batman and his heirs for ever a tract of 500,000 acres near Port Phillip, running thence 40 miles to the north east, then 40 west across Tramoo Downs or Plains, and thence to the south-west to Geelong Harbour. The consideration given in return was the imme diate delivery of 20 pairs of blankets, 30 toma hawks, 100 knives, 50 pairs of scissors, 30 looking glasses, 200 handkerchiefs, lOOlbs. of flour, and six shirts, with a yearly tribute of 100 pairs of blankets, 100 knives, 100 tomahawks, 50 suits of clothing, 50 looking- glasses, 50 pairs of scissors, and five tons of flour. The date is June 6. 1835 (two years before her Most Gracious took the Throne), and the land then sold is now worth many millions. Some of it, indeed, during the land boom in Mel bourne realized from £100,000 to £500,000 an acre, while some has been sold at the rate of £2000 the square foot. From the Singleton Budget :— 'The Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer, Co-adjutor Bishop of West Maitland, paid his first official visit to Singleton on Thursday last, and at St. Patrick's R. C. Church yesterday morning celebrated mass and dispensed enmmunion to the members of the Guild. At the midday service Winter's Mass teas celebrated^ by the Iicv. F. D. Kill gallon, in the presence of his Lordship Dr. Dwyer. The Eve Vcruvi being sung during the offertory and the Missa Cantata was rendered by an efficient choir.' This gifted reporter should join the city press. He is wasting his originalty on the desert air of Singleton. Some years ago a reporter on one of the dailies sat by me during a festival at St. Mary's. At the Elevation he said quite seriously, ' I sup pose this is what they call the Immaculate Concep tion of the Virgin Mary.' Touching the wearing of the Orange colour on the Twelfth of July. The display of Orange emblems and colours, and the other features of the typical demonstration, are, as the Belfast Royal Commission of 1857 says, 'regarded as a studied insult by the Roman Catholics, and as a triumph by the urangemen, and a declaration of their superiority over their Roman Catholic brethren.' Such displays are justified by no plea of necessity or utility. They are simply offensive, and are meant as such. There is only one party colour known in Ireland, namely, orange. Green is the national colour, and is officially recognized as such. It appears on the uniform of the Irish regiment*, and forms part of the colour scheme in the ceiling of the House of Commons. Grand Master the Earl of Enniskillen admitted before the Belfast Royal Commission of 1857 that green was the national, and not a party colour. During the debate on the proposed repeal oil the Party Processions Act in 1870, Mr. W. Verner, one of the officers of the Irish Grand Lodge, naid in the House of Commons, ' he was not dis posed to view the green as a party colour, for he had often worn the shamrock (the Irish National emblem) on the 17th March, in order to show that he was not ashamed of his nationality.' Hansard, vol. cc. (second vol. of session, 1870), p. 947. He added that he was ' an upholder of the principles of the Orange Society.' The Williamite army wore emblems of the national colour in their hats when crossing the Boyne in 1690. ' Every soldier,' says Macaulay, ' was to put a green bough in his hat.' M'Cann, in his 'Battle of the Boyne,' says that Wil liam's soldiers, as they crossed, were ' almost hid den beneath flashing arms and green boughs,' Each of James's French and Irish troops, according to Macaulay, ' had a white badge in his hat, That ' colour had been chosen in compliment to the House of Bourbon.' The Daily Telegraph editorial staff is narrowly ignorant and perpendicularly weak on the question of the Lord's Day. Read this gem extracted from, Monday's leader re Sunday-closing : — ' There should be no appeal from the deliberately expressed public will, and if the community thinks it sustains an injury by the sale of an orange on the seventh day, no one has any right to indulge in such traffic. And what applies to fruit and lolly and gingerbeer selling applies, or should apply, to every kind of commerce which the law prohibits,' Nice jinks the colonial Anglican Bishops are up to in England ! Thus the tell-tale cable : — '4 London, Saturday. — The colonial Premiers, Bishops, Agents General, Judges, and military officers were present yesterday at a garden party given by the Baroness Burdett-Coutts. They also attended the ball given by the British Empire League at the Hotel Cecil in the evening.' Now, surely Dr. Smith and his brother colonials bad more serious business to attend to. What about that great Protestant ' Council' which was to be held at Lambeth ? We hear nothing of it. When the prelates do start they will have their hands full. For instance, the Presidents of those two infallible authorities — the Protestant Reformation Society and the Church Association — ' feel bound to publicly and emphatically declare'—' That the statements put forth by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, in their reply to the Papal Bull concerning Anglican Orders, on the subject of the ' Priesthood' and ' the Eucharist Sacrifice,' aa well as on other points, are not in harmony with the doctrine of the Church of England as set forth in her articles,, homilies, liturgy, and ordinal; and we record, therefore, our solemn and deliberate protest against those statements as being nothing more than private and unauthorized opinions of the two Archbishops.' Surely Anglicanism has attained to a pretty pass when its leaders and inspirers are thus publicly branded as the expounders of rank unorthodoxy ! it is well for the safety of the Archbishops that they live in the reign of Queen Victoria and not in thaC ox the good Queen Bess ; otherwise we might have an ' auto-da-fe' some of these moenings at Tyburn, ' * D.B, 