Departure of the Primate. , iTHEADDEESSi' The departure of the'primale/.wh'o. leaves by the Monowai thijB afternoon, to attend the Lambeth CoEferenec, waB marked by a special service and ?celebration of Holy Communion in St. Andrew's 'Cathedral this morning. There -w ere sixty-two clergy present, and a large congregation. Those officiating were the Most'Hev. the Priinate, Dean Cowper, Archdeacon- Langley, Archdeacon ,Gun ther, Canoii Sharp, Rev. A. W. Pain, Canon Rich, Dr. Corlette, Canon Taylor.' . Aiaongst others present were the Revs. W. Mart, C. Dunstan, R. J. Read, Coles Child, R..Goddard, G. Baber, Canon Morcton, H. Trickeft, A. Y.arnqld, Spry Bailey, S. Kimirerford. A: Corlette.' P. Bovce. R. King, G. Traver, M.Archdall, Wi LumBdaine, T- K. Abbott, J. Vaughan, Dr. Manning, A. Bode, E. Beck, A. Bellingham. ?The service opened with the hymn, 'O God, our Help in Ages Past=' The .Primate read the Communion Service, the Dean the Epistle, the Primate the Gospel; at the conclusion of which The Primate addressed a few words frroi; the chancel steps to the congregation.- .He directed attention to the two texts— 'The Lord Himself give us peace' and 'The fellowship 'of the Holy Ghost.' For the deepest needs of the soul, for tbe perplexities of life, it was. the Lord only who can give peace. Amongst the changing scenes of life and all the conditions .of work the fellowship of the Holy Ghost was the binding link between Christians. Although separation would divide them, they must remember the fulness and signi ficance of the Gospel of Christ In the Iiord he bid those assembled farewell.. . ? ? The4jymn 'With the Sweet Word of Peace' was then sung. ' ' The Communion service was then rendered, and at its conclusion an adjournment was made to the Chapter House, where, an address from the stand ing committee was presented to the Primate. The Dean read the address, which .was as follows: 'To the Most Reverend William Saumarez Smith, D.D., Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan and Primate of Australia and Tasmania. 'My Lord Primate,— The Standing Committee of the Diocese cannot allow you to take your de parture on a visit to the Mother. Country without giving expression to the cordial esteem and affec tion which they entertain towards you. In the visit which you are making to attend the confer ence of Bishops of the Anglican Communion, under the presidency of his Grace the Archbishop of Can terbury, we recognise the discharge of an important duty, alike to the diocese over which you preside as Bishop, and to the Australian dioceses of 'which you are Primate. And we rejoice that you will be able to take part in the proceedings of that great assembly, to assist in its deliberations, and to testify to the loyal attachment of the church in the Australian colonies. to the ancient and_ historic Church of England. It also Affords us much plea sure to think that whilst discharging this weighty duty to the church, you will be enabled also to enjoy some much needed relaxation from the ar duous labors in which you have been almost in cessantly engaged ever .since ypur. arrival amongst us, and much refreshment in renewed Intercourse with the members of your.. family, from whom you have been so long separated. We find that since you entered into possession of your See you have presided over twelve Synods — General, .provincial, or Diocesan — have held fifteen ordinations of cler gy, and 392 confirmations,. in. which. you have 'laid hands on' 10,883 persons, while as Primate you have visited the other thirteh dioceses within the limits of your Primacy. It is our earnest prayer that the Divine Blessing. may rest abundantly upon your lordship, and your highly valued -and esteem ed sister, Miss Snowdoii' Smith, to whose constant zeal in all good works the diocese is greatly in debted. And now, commanding you- both to the care and protection of our GraciousGod, and wish ing you a prosperous voyage and a safe return at the appointed time, 'We remain, Your ? Lordship's Faithful and Attached Servants,' (Here follow the signatures). The Primate, in reply, said he had been unable to prepare any elaborate speech, but thanked most sincerely those who had cheered him on his jour ney by the address presented. His visit would be both an important, and a refreshing one. He briefly allued to the points of the address, and bade them good-bye. 