A WONDERFUL WOMAN; OR, THE DANGERFIELD MYSTERY. BY 3RS SIR AY. AGES FLEMIVN G. -CHAPTER XVI.-(Continued.) "Your mother was just my age when I first knew her-a little the elder, Ir think-and just married. ; She_ wasn't handsome, but somehow she ?as attrac tive: most people liked her--I did my self for a time. And she was a great heiress; she was the wife of the.hand semest man in England, and site loved. lim--ah, well! as you loved poor .Mr. Dintree, perhaps, and not- much more "I lived with her-never mind in what capacity: I lived with her, and knew more ,f her than any other, human being alive. including her husband. :In deed, after the honeymooii-and how hle used to yawn and smoke during the. honeymoon- he saw as little'ofther as' possible. She was the woman he was married to, and the woman he loved was as beautiful as all the angels, and riot worth a farthing. It's a very old state of things, 'Miss Dangerfleld-nothing novel about it. Your mother was fran tically jealous, and, having the temper of a spoiled child, made his Jor-I mean, made your father's life a martyrdom, with endless tears and reproaches. When she sat sobbing sometimes, swelling her eyes. and reddening her nose, and look ing verby ugly, I used to pity her, and once I ventured, to offer. my humble s-mpathy. and call my-her husband al wretch. Do you know how, she recelv ed it? She jumped up and slapped my f re.' 'I am glad tO hear it." said Katherine with composure. L " She served you rilint." ' "' Ah, no doubt. You: would have done the same, I'm sure. .Well,:it 'was about that time the romance of my life began. Your mother's brother came from Ireland to make her a visit, .and we met. He was only twenty: -I.nas your age --seventeen.:. He was hand some and poor-your mother had got" all the money, he'll the beauty'of the f.auily. I was-my modesty makes me hesitate to say it- considered -pretty in those days-that is, in a certain'gipsy style of prettiness. It was a st-le that suited him, at least, and we looked at each other, and fell in love, and earth turned to paradise, and we were among the blest. "'o one suspected our secret-his folly and my presumption-that Is what she tslmed it. We had fixed the day of our slight-we had packed our portmanteaus -in less than a week we would be ,in Scotland, and united as fast as Scotch marriage laws canunite, when, all of a sudden, niy la-your mother's .sharp, grey eyes -were opened, and saw-the truth. A note of his to me fell-into her hands, and she opened and read it. Not an honorable thing to do-eh, Kathe rine? It told her all-of our'intended light in-two??ays, of our proposed mar-. riage-all. " "I have told you, Katherine, that you are like your mother. You are. You have taken all your troubles quietly, and made no outcry, no complaint. She took things quietly too. Three hours after she got that note she came to me, quiet, tomposed, and determined. " 'Harriet,' she said, 'I am going into the country for a day-only a.day. Pack -a few things, and be ready to accom pany me in an hour. "I stood confounded. He was away; what would he say when he came back? But it was impossible for me to disobey and then-only for a day. We would be back in time, aft"- all. "For a day! Katherine, she never stopped until we were in Cornwall. She had an uncle, a rector, there; he and his wife lived in a lonely old grey house on the sea coast, It was late at night when the rumbling stage-coaci brought us to the door, and I was worn out with fatigue. I asked for some tea ; my -your mother gave it to me, graciously, with her own hand,- a smile on her lips, and a sleeping potion.in the cup. "The noon sunshine of the next day ;illed my room when I awoke, I was still lying back in my cthair, dressed. I had not been to bed. .ly head ached, my eyes felt hot and heavy-I was un used to opium in any shape .then, - and its effects sickened me. I struggled wearily with memory. With a sharp pang I recollected it was the .day fixed for my wedding-day, and I was here, alone, and he was-where? "And she had done it all.- Thefirst glow of that fire of quenchless hate that has burned ever since kindled in my Sheart then. While I slept she was far on her way back to town, and I was left behind, without a penny in my pocket, a prisoner in this stupid Cornish rectory. - . "Two months passed away--two months. A short time enough, as I reckon time now-an eternity then. My order of release came at the end of that time. Old Markham, the butler, was sent for me, and I was taken back to town. I asked him just one question on the road: * \ nere was young Mr -?' and I got the answer I looked for. Mr -had joined the -th Rifles, and gone 1ut to Canada a fortnight before. "There, Katherine, that is-my story; that is the secret of my hatred of your msitber. Don't you think she deserved "From you-yes,"' Katherine. ahsi;er ed. promptly. "At the same time; I think she did exactly right. Sie knew what you were, doubtless, and took the only means of saving her brother. Gentle men and officers-don't; as a rule, marry their sisters' waiting-maids." . irs Vavasor sprang to her feet. That random arrow sped home. ''Iis false," she gasped. "I was no waiting-maid. You know nothing - "It is true!"' exclaimed K atherine, also rising. "You were a waiting-maid; and I know all I desire to know atipre sent. My mother was a lady; her brother was an officer in the --th Rifles. . 3ly father lives, and will recognise'his old servant when he sees her, Harriet Llacheur." - - Itrs Vavasor- stood . white, terrified, dumb. Good heavens! what a fool she had been to speak at all to-such a girl as this. .. - "You see I know your. real- .name. among all your aliases. As: I .have found out that, so I shall find out all the rest. As surely as we both live and stand here, I shall onefday discover my father and punish you. Now, good night, 'rs Vavasor. Wre understahd each other, I think." .. ---. She opened the door, looked back once, darkly, menacingly, then it closed after her, and she was gone. . Ninon sat up for her Imistress. It "as close upon midnight -when that mistress reached Scarswood;::. But she felt no fatigue--some " Inward spirit, 'hether for good or evil, sustained her. As she parted-with the gidrl she laid omne sovereigns in'her hand. "You have been a good girl. Ninon," she said' kindly, "to a very capricious mistress. Thank you for all your patience, and good night." She went to her room, but not to sleeD. It was disordered--she set it to rights. Her jewels-all--lay in their velvet and ivory caskets, her rich resses hung in the wardrobe and closets, her bridal dress among them. She took a small portmanteau,packed a few articles of dress and linen, a few of her most cherished presents, one or two boaks and souvenirs, closed, and locked SThen, still dressed as she was. she sat lW-n by the window and waited for the 'dawn. It came, rosy and golden, and touch ed the eastern windows into flame. Then she arose, and taking the portmanteau n her hand, went softly out down the larsI, and along to that door in the tur et by which she had gone out and come n last night. -She closed it noiselessly -lhe hoilsehold was not yet astir-and Walked rapidly'down the'cri.p,` frozen 229 avenue to the gates. The rising sun shot red lances through the brown holes of the trees, gilded the many windows and turrets and tall chimneys of the old Hall, making a wonderfully bright and fair picture of early morning beauty, had she but turned to see. But she never once looked back. CHAPTER XVII.--POOR KATHE RINE! " And how is your patient to-night. Mrs Otis? Any change for the better, yet?" ... .. . .... It was Dr. Graves who asked the question, blustering in like the god of the wihd. A'high gale roared without, a few feithery flakes of snow floated past the windows in the stormy twilight. In the sitting-room of the Widow Otis' pretty :cottage residence a bright fire burned cheerily, the red, warm light streaming through the window-curtains far out upon the frost-bound road. "Good" evening, Dr.- Graves. I thought it was'Henry. Come to the fire. Bit terly cold,- is it not, outside? My pa tient?- - Well,-I don't see much improve ment there; but -Henry says he Im proves, and of course Henry knows best. Take this-chair-do, and try and thaw yourself, a?'little:" Dr. Graves took the cushioned rocking chair, and spread himself out luxurious ly to the blaze.--. "Where is Henry? I wanted to 'see him." '"Oh,. among his poor: patients; some where; he will be home to tea presently. Any news, to-night, doctor? I mean "'You mean the Scarswood tragedy, of course, ma'am. Nobody in Sussex, I believe,' talks of anything else latterly. No, no.news: and no news in this case. does not mean good news.- The-funeral is over,~as you know; and there is ino will, and everything falls to that pitiful, pettifogging little screw'of an attorney, Peter Dangerfield-e.'erything,, Mrs Otis -everything." . Just then Mrs Oiis started. She heard: the outer hall' aoor opened, a ..-quick footstep crossed the passage' the sittingI room door was `flung xwide,- and _Henry" Otis, '!booted and.spurred," stood pale as a ghost before his mother- and Dr. Graves. --- - 1 "Henry!" the xword was. a low, frightened cry, -but Henry- Otis' eyes turned from her to the doctor. '"Is she not here' :I was sure I should find her here."' "Find. whom here .?' 'hat do you mean, yong gentleman?" - "I mean Miss --Dangerfield. .V What!a don't you know? She ran away; either last night or-this morning, from Scars wood, and no tale or tidings of her are to be found. -I thought she might have come here to-to see him." . Henry Otis crossed abruptly to the fire, and stood staring intojit with a greatly disturbed face. - "Run away!" the widow, and the doc tor both exclaimed. - ' "Yes-run away-to' her death, most likely." :'Henry! Good Heaven!" "'Womet.have been driven to':'their death befoie now by :men-girls have committed suicide for less thah she has undergone. It: is ndt-those who make most .outcry over their troubles w*ho feel them deepest: - What has. she t3. live for-robbed:of all at.one blow?": '"And my opinion is; she has done no thing of the sort!" curtly interposed Dr Graves. "Only arrant cowards commit suicide; and Whatever blood' flows in Miss Dangerfield's veins, there is not one drop of the coward in it." As he uttered the last emphatic words, there came a knock at the front door. What presentiment was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such - a very unprofessional bound ? -He threw it open, and - yes- there, in the spectral, wintry .dusk before him stood the tall, slender,sombre figure-its black robes, its white face, and great solemn eyes- there stood Ka therine Dangerfield. He could not speak a word; the .un utterable relief.of seeing her alive and there for a moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first; in that faint, s-eet voice that haunted him for ever after his life long, "May I.come in? It is very-cold, and. I want to see him." There was something so. forlorn in her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plaintive tone-something so like a spi rit about her that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She stood before him alive, but surely? death was pictured on her face. "Come in,, please," be said, simply ; and she.glided past him along the lobby and into therpresence of the other'two. "iMy child--my.child!" Mrs.Otis said, with a motherly cry; 'Ithafik Heaven you are alive; and have come to us. Sit down; let me warm yoilr hands-poor; little frozen hands. Oh, my child; what a fright you have given us all!. Where In the World have you been?" •Katherine sank wearily down in the chair, and-let her hands lie in the elder woman's warm clasp. "I have been with Hannah," she an swered, slowly; "at Bracken Hollow, with my nurse. And to-morrow-I leave Castleford, and I could not. go, you know, without seeing Gaston." Her voice died drowsily away, her head drooped against the back of the chair, her eyelids fell heavily. The three about her looked in one another's startled faces in dejad silence. What did this'mean? "My child-Miss Dangerfield!" Mrs Otis murmured. "Oh, look up; don't lie like .that, Miss Katherine! Miss Kathe rine!" "YFs, papa," drowsily;. "but I am so sleepy, and I don't want to get up to breakfast'yet. Has Gaston:come? It is cold for him to ride from-Castleford to-night-anid he hiates the cold-poor Gaston. - Call me when he comes, papa -I want to sleepnow." _ `Her eyes closedi heavily again 1 her mind was wandering. Her troubles-had :been- too, much for her, then, after all, and hard tuingd her brain. . Dr Graves bent over-her, and shook hier slightly. "Katherine - Katherine!" he called. "Rouse up! Gaston has come-Gaston'is here!" She sat up and' gazed at him, a be wildered lobk in her eyes. . "'Who calls?" `she'asked. "Oh, Dr Graves is it you? Where am I? Is -DpapDa ill ,again? Why, this isn't--". She. =looked around, and memory:seemed slowly struggling backi. ': "Yes, I-know now-this is Mr Otis', house,-. Gaston is here." She rose up suddenly, fully herself. "I am going away, and I want to see Gaston. How is he to-night, Mr Otis?" "Much as he has been from the first. Miss Dangerfield- little better, little worse." "But he will not die? Mr Otis, you told me he would not die!" "I think he will not. I have seen worse cases recover. It is a sort of con cussion of the brain. He does not suffer -or, at least, is conscious of no suffer ing." " May I see him at once now-and alone? I don't know when I may see him again; and, Mr Otis, you have been so kind, will you take care of him for me until lie is quite well again? I can't pay you now-I am poor-but some day, if I live, I will." "I need. no pay. For your sake. Miss Dangerfield, I will care for him gladly. I would cherish a dog that had been yours." She held out her hand to him with the bright old grace. '-Thank you. I knew I might trust you. I must go before it gets too late. Please take me to him at once." He led her to the chamber door. White, cold. and motionless, in the fast-fading daylight, Gaston Dantree lay. She had not seen him since that fatal wedding night, and now she saw him again thus. She stood an instant; then she entered and closed the door. They heard the soft rustle of her silk dress as she knelt by the bedside, then silence fell. No one spoke. The moments passed; the night had entirely closed in; the wind howled through the desolate churchyard, whose ghastly gravestones could -be dimly seen glancing in the darkness. A hushed expectation held them-of what-they knew not--a strange prophetic sort of awe. Mrs Otis was the first to move. The clockc on the iiamit telpieco struck six ; she turned softly and lighted the lamp, then stood waiting again. Five minutes-ten-no sign, no sound from that inner mlom. Fifteen-twenty -the two men looked at each other un easily. Twenty-five-thirty. Then Dr Graves spoke. "She has been there long enough. It is no place for her in her present state. Mrs Otis, do you go and ask her to come out." The little widow, full of foreboding, walked softly to the door, and tapped. No answer. A second tap, louder; still no reply. A third rap-loudly this time. but the only answer, profoundest sil ence." "Miss Katherine," she called, " may I enter?" Still no response. Then she opened the door wide, and recoiled, with a cry. "Henry, the-child has fallen; she'has Henry Otis'vas in the roonim before the words ?here spoken. :Kathlerine, was: ly-. ing on her face on the floor hy the'bed side;- here she-had sofdlyfallen.' -In: one second she was, Uplifted: in: Henry Otis' arms and.borne out into the light. Her head fell limp -ver; his arm,; her eyes were closed, her features rigid. HeH laid her upon a sofa- the two doctors bent over her-one with his hand over her heart,- the other on herD pulse. The heart.layistill, the pulse beat no longer.: Rigid, white, stark she lay.. "Oh, Henry, speak!' his mother cried. "Dr Graves, tell me, has she fainted?"' 'The elder doctor =,removed .his hand from her heart, ;and stood up rather pale himself in the lamp-light. "Something worse than a faint,- ;ma dam," replied Dr Graves.; 'Leav?e;: us M'rs .Otls :and youir son, 'Henry aid$ wvilitsee to her. 's? Si'r eter ?Dangerfield sat alone: in the lbrary; of Scarswfood; thh :siken cur tains were dra-n; fire-light and mlainp light mrade the room brilliant; his p~urplee easy-cnhair was ;'drawl ??;ip';;before' 'a' writing tablle litlered.l with dee·ds' aind .documents, and Sir .Peter; '.in gold' bowed- spectacles, has trying to reaid? Tiring-not reading--for be'tte en hi. and the 'parchmeht page a-fadeL mennac ing and terrible;?kept coming-th'e face of Katherlne as lie had seen: her. last~.l , 'Where "was ICatheritie ? Dead.'. or. a'lve- she: had sworn to' b':: revenged: Was she:dead, ? He.shuddered through all his little cra'en soul; aiid'heart. att the: thought' .HeT?i l~iad looked at hit darkly and askance all day, and turned coldly away, from him while lie-.spoke; Ther-e had been -whispers of suicide. What if, while he sat here in this '-arm, llghted, luxurious room, she; lay stark and frozen under the stars-- dead.by her own-hand! :. .There was a tall, smoke-colored-bottle on another table, with glasses, He was usually a very anchorite for abstemious ness, biut he.sprang.up now with a mut tered oath, filled a stiff glass-of brandy, and drained it at a draught.' Suddenly, there was a knock at :the room door, and. Dr. Graves ;was :an-, nouneed. . Sir Peter arose, as Dr.' Gayesa,.list ff hiand;. very pale and; solemn. of vlsifse stoodl before hiin.' :Wievsa of Katllerlne at last. -He, grasped the back of!lhls. chair' iith one hdnd, andriaced his vlsl. tor alnost defiantly, as one who should say, "Whatever has happened- I at least have had nothing to do with it."' . "Well, sir ?" he demanded. "Sir Peter Dangerfield, I bring news of -of Katherine. She is found".'' The little baronet's .heart. gave :a great leap. Found! Then she had not committed suicide ?. "Ah!" he said, with a look of sulky injury, "I knew as much. I thought she wasn't the sort of girl to take poison or: throw herself into the . nearest stream.. So she's found, is she ? Per haps she is going to turn romantic sick nurse to her wounded cavalier, and end by gettinghim' to marry--" "Stop, Sir.Peter Dangerfleld," the old doctor said, hoarsely;. 'not another word. Katherine Dangerfield will never marry Gaston Dantree or any other mortal man. She is dead!" "Dead!" Sir, Peter leaped from -his chair as though- lie'lad been: stabbed: "Dead, Doctor Graves! Good Heaven! I thought you said-I thought" "Yes, Sir Peter--dead! '. Of heart disease, no doubt, latent and unsus pected." ,And then the old doctor's voice broke, and he turned his back abruptly on Sir Peter and-faced the flre :. Dtad=silence fell., : The clock titcked; tht cinders dropped Dr. Graes looked fixedly;: into :the- ruddy'' coals,- and' Sir Peter sat'stiff and .uprght. in, hischair; quite ghastly to look at.'- . : "Dead or alive, r willi be reienged!" The, horrible words rang in his ear like his own death-knell.' Greater and wiser than poor Sir Peter Dangerfield? have devoutly believed in ghosts; he 'was superstitious to the core. And IKathe rine was dead-dead- dead! Great heavi drops stood on his pinched, pallid face; and his voice was husky as he spoke: i S"Dr; Graves, there must be-some nlls take here-.here must. : :She couldn't die in that'.way--it is too horrible-and she was so young and so strong--never ill a day in her life." "'Sir Peter," .the old physician said, quietly, "I am sixty-flxe years of.: age, and for.the past forty years I have seen death in all. its phases-lingering aend instantaneous. And :I- tell you' she is dead. But we-will go to:her. 'She is at. lrs; Otis's, anda you can:s convince yourself with your own eyes." But still Sir Peter weould not be con vinced-would . not, -could not "make her dead." He hurried fromn the room, changed his dress, orderer' round his horse,. and. in fifteen minutes .the' two mtin were gallopinig full speed .through the.keen, frosty. "air towards Castle= foid. SThe towiflay hushed and dark when they rode into it-it was close upon eleven now. Neither spoke a word; the breathless pace did not admit of talk. They reached Mr Otis's house-its whole front lighted, and figures flitting rapidly to and fro; and Peter Dangerfield's heart, under his riding- coat, was throb bing so rapidly, he turned sick and reeled dizzily for an instant, as he .sprang from the saddle. The next he rallied, and followed his leader in. On the sofa in the sitting-room, where they had first placed her, Katherine still lay. They had removed her hat and cloak, and loosened all her clothes, but over that rigid face the solemn seal of eternal sleep had fallen. They had closed her eyes and folded the pulseless hands, and calmly, as though sleeping, and fairer than ever in life, she lay. The haggard look had all gone, and a great calm lay upon it. So Peter Dangerfield saw her again. There were three 1persons in the rootm. Beside IMr Otis and his mother, the old ex- Indian nurse from Bracken Hollow, sad, gaunt, and grey, sat close by her nurseling, swaying ceaselessly, to and fro, and uttering a sort of moaning cry. like a dumb creature in pain. She lifted her inflamed eyen, and fixed them with savage hatred ".pon the pallid face of the baronet. "Ay," she said, bitterly; "you're a fine gentleman now, Peter Dangerfield, and you do well to come and look at your handiwork; but you're her mur deror, you and that dying, false-faced villain lying yonder, as sure as ever men were murderers. The law won't hang you, I suppose, but it has hung men who deserved it less." "For Heaven's sake, hush'" he said. "I never meant this! I never thought she would die! I would give all I am worth to bring her back to life." "Liar!" old Hannah cried, towering up and confronting him; "double liar and coward! W'ho refused her her dying father's request ?-who offered her- the deadliest and most dastardly insult it is possible for man to offer a woman ? And you say you are sorry. I wonder that, dead as she lies there before you, she does not rise to accuse her murderer.. Mr Henry Otis, this is your house, and she thought you ther friend. Show yourself. her friend no'w, and turn her murderer out!" "Hannah, Hannah, hush!" interrupted Mrs Otis, scandalised and alaimed. "Hannah is right, mother," said Henry, "and he shall go. Leave this house,- Sir Peter Dangerfleld, and never set foot across threshold of mine again. She turned to me in her trouble, she came to me in her dark hour, and she is mine now--mine! Go-you coward. you robber and insulter of helpless girlhood, and come here no more!" The liery words scourged the baronet. averted faces met him on every side. And, calm and white. Katherine lay be fore him, with closed eyes and folded hands-most awful of alll Without a word he slunk away' like- a whipped hound, and presently the door closed upon him, and he stobd'alone under the black winter night. Alone! Would he ever be alone again? Sleeping. and waking, would not, that. terrible, white, fixed face `pursue him?. "Dead, I will come back from the grave, if the dead can!" , Would' the words she had spoken, the dreadful? words .he had laughed,at: once,.eer cenase:to ring in his ears now?,: ~Would they not haunt him until they droie hinm nad? 'Sir PeteD'Da?geiield.id'e honie.: ? oHioe!, hat :fi Scarswood. better than: a haunted house now? He shut himself upl`in his' library; -lighted- the room'to more than the brilliancy of da , locked the door, :seized. the branridy bottle, and deliberately- drank himself into a state of beastly-'stupor.- When .morning dawned, Sir Peter, lyingl on the hearth. rug, was far beyond all fear of ghosts or goblins in'l heavy, drunken sleep. * (To be continued).) 