Stroud. (From our own Correspondent.) It will be borne in recollection that not very many weeks ago the 'Cottage of Content' Hotel narrowly escaped being burnt down at the hand of some person, for whose conviction a reward is offered by the Government. On that occasion it was mainly owing to the conspicuous bravery of Mr Alf. Yates that the attempt proved a fail- ure, and thanks to which the Insur ance Companies were saved a consider- able sum. The agent, Mr. J B. Dark, feeling such conduct should not go unrewarded, placed the matter before the societies in such a manner that, though contrary to their practice, the sum of £5 5s was forwarded to Mr. Dark for presentation to Mr. A. Yates. This was done on Saturday night at the ''Cottage of Content", in the presence of a number of the resi- dents. Mr. Dark, in making the pre- sentation, said : 'Mr. Yates, on behalf of the Victorian Insurance Co. and South Bristol Co., I have much plea- sure in presenting you with the sum of five guineas for your heroic efforts in preventing the 'Cottage of Content' from being burned down. I regret it is not more, but societies have discon- tinued the practice of giving rewards for saving property from burning, as it has been conclusively proved that unscrupulous persons have on more than one occasion deliberately set fire to places with the sole object of ap- plying for and obtaining such reward. I trust you will use it well and that it will act as an incentive (should occa- sion arise, but I hope it may not) to induce you again to act as fearlessly and courageously as you did on the occasion referred to." Mr. Yates, in reply, said that he felt the kindness of the companies in so recognising his efforts, and he felt sure that all assembled must feel that hope of reward was far removed from his thoughts at the time : his only desire was to do his best in the circumstances in saving the property, and possibiy life. He thanked Mr. Dark for inter- esting himself in his behalf, and hoped, should he be placed in such trying cir- cumstances again, he would still have he courage to do his duty, and act his part as a man. The Stroud Amateur Minstrels brought off one of their popular enter tainments in the School of Arts on Saturday night, the proceeds of which were in aid or the Stroud Cricket Club,' to ennble it to purchase a new matting. Messrs. Morris and Cripps, as ''Bones' and 'Tambo' respectively, were quite in their clement on the comers, and Mr. Mitchell, as inter locutor, gave them tho necessary assistance in getting oil their jokes and funniositiea, to the great amusement of the audience. The choruses were well worked up and went both Bmoothly and musically. In the olio which fol lowed the chairs the numbers were filled by Dr. Wright, in '02 to Philadelphia in the Morning' (en cored), 'Ailaa Mine,' and 'In Old Madrid'; Miss F. Gossip, in 'Better Bide a Wee' ; Miss Crick, in ''The Little Bed Umbrella' ; and Mr. J. Morris, in 'I didn't know till after wards.' The whole concluded with a farce, 'The Haunted House,'- and if the convulsions of the audience form a criterion, it was a true screamer, for the antics of Sambo (Mr. Cripps) kept the audience iu one constant roar. Mr. Mitchell, aa 'The Traveller,' played his part with cue, while 'The Ghost' (Mr. C. Dark) fairly scared not only Sambo but several of tbe on lookers. At the conclusion of the olio Mr. McNeill, as president of the olub, thanked the audience for their support and the amateurB for their efforts on behalf of the club, whoBe funds, he was pleased to say, had received a substantial addition. The Stroud C.O. commences scalp hunting on the 2nd October. Bome of the cricketers reckon if they don't get a mud wicket to play on they will be candidates for the hospital shortly from injuries. 