SPORTINli. SPORTING NOTES. 13r Tim Whiffleb. The Tcnioia Jockey Club have decided to hold a spring meeting on 24th September. The programme will be as follows Flying Handicap, £10; Selling llace, £15 ; Show Handicap. Sp'ng Handicap, £10; Farewell Handicap, £8 ; Handicap Trot, £7. Mavechal Keil did his connections a winning turn at Caulfield on Saturday last by winning, with 7st lulb in the saddle, the liiclnnond Handicap, 1 mile, beating thirteen others. Marechul Neil, who started favorite, won comfortably in Imin. 45sec. for the trip. The Record Keign will be celebrated by & race meeting at Joaee Ic-daj under the nuspiecs of the Junee Racing Club. A six event programme is down for discussion, and ftc the cniriei' are numerically satisfactory a poodly contingent of rucing folk will no doubt be on hand to ' keep up' the breaking uf i lie rccord by her Gracious Majesty, as well as to witness what promises to be a very successful gathering. Elsewhere will be found the nomination*; for the various racos. For those of which the imposts are available my fancies run as follows Timai. Ktakkk. Kom. .. ?* ..1 \VuMiOX«i .. .. 'J (Jclen Garb .. ..3 Sejj.inu Hack. Glowworm .. ..1 ?? .. '2 Ami'lkt.. .. ..3 Diamond Jliulki: Handiuap. Koktiilsk .. .. J lUi'ii) . . . . . . '2 Aj.ma . ? ? ? . . .i Archi* Lec formed one of the field of eleven which contested the Cambria l'urse at Caullield on Saturday, but he failed to gain a situation, the winner being Flintlock, a three -yc-ar-old colt by Carbiue— Duenna. The only hint as to Grand National pos sibilities afforded by Saturday's Caulfield running, was in connection with tho Steeple* chase. The buvrumbcpt representative, Courtier, was, with a stand up, reckoned next door to a certaiuty. lie got round all right, but had no chance with Tarracom, who had a very easy win. Tarraccm is in the Grand National at 10st tflb, including a lthb penalty, Hiid, while his form is not likely to inducc many people lo back him for the Flemington event, says the Jwi-s it is important ae bearing on J'everil's chanco. Un the previous Saturday, at Flemingion, Pevcril beat Tarra com oui of sight, and as Balmaghie, by winning in a good field at Moonee \ alley* further advertised Teveril's form, the claims of Mr J. N. M'Arthuv's horse must not be lightly overlooked. He may not be as fast as a [iood many jumpers at present running, but he is an accomplished fencerand a line stayer. If Larnook is tlie best of ihe Mill-park representatives for the Grand National Steeplechase, the chance of the red and white jacket getting heme first ib not rosy. He only had 21b more than his National weight up on Saturday, and shaped very poorly. A horse like Hive, if he has been taught to cleverly jump fences (as it is said he has) is much moie likely to creditably represent the stable. Tbe Jioseliiil Cup run on Saturday last resulted in a win for Kelso, a four-year-old gelding by Kingsbovough from a mare by The Fop/ Kelso, who was named after his well-known Sydney trainer has been a con sistent performer, and has won several fair races. In Saturday's race he carried «st 41b, and beat Teleurnph N&i; I01b by a length, ? Il,, lll. l.nnw, o m-.n,; third. Tllfc half-dczen furlongs were ca=t behind in Imiu I*4lsec, a good gallop conquering the heavy state of the running. The field for the liosehill Cup on Saturday was a record one for Australia, no fewer than facing the starter. The previous best was J-J in the Ladies Trophy Race at Caulfield in Jnss. This race was won by The Ghost. In the disastrous Caultield Cup won by Grace Darling qhere were 41 starters. Tlie Martini-Henry lilly, Precaution, whose admirers credited her with being the speediest animal ever seen in Australia, was, carrying Sst, was sent out favourite in the big liosehill Cup field on Saturday, but although she got well away and held a good position for five furlongs she failed when the pinch came and finished out of a place. Precaution was spoken of by her admirers as being faster than JJungebah ever was over six furlongs, but old 13ungebah iu his palmy days would'nt have allowed Kit to stop him making mince meat of a like lield to that opposed to Precaution on Saturd&y;, precaution will have to improve immensely on her Saturday's runuing to be considered in the same sol as Bungebah when sprinting honors are on for discussion. By wire from our Sydney correspondent, ] leani that Inverda.v funned one of the field which ran in the Brush Hurdle Kaee at Canterbury yesterday, but he failed to gain a situation, finishing liflh in a lield of ei^'ht. Inverday was never in front daring the struggle. ? 