THE STORYTELkEB ' The Vintage.' A Story of the Greek War of Independence. By E. F. Benson, Author of ' Dodo,' &c.; CHAPTER IX. It was the night of the 12th of January, 1821, and Mitsos and Suleima were agaiD sailing across the bay, this time, however, not out to sea, but to the side underneath the Tripolitza bills, where be and Nicholas had fished once the summer before. It was the first tim's they had been able to pro out. together since the night last recorded, for Suleima had been caught by the eunuch coming in from the erarden. Luckily for them both Mitsos had not been seen, and she said that she had a headache, and couldn't sleep, and had eat in the garden for a while. Nothing more could be got out of her, and Zuleika had been loyal enough to say nothing. But Suleima got beaten, and she judged it pru dent not to have any more headaches for a while. As luck would have it, however, a fortnight after wards the eunuch was found drunk one night, a particularly heinous crime, as by religion he was a teetotaller, and dismissed. Suleima took care ful note of tbe habits of the new man, and ie marked with much approval that he went to bed early and slept soundly, and at length she ven tured to resume her excursions. She had more leisure than usual, after her de tection, for she was looked up by herself, and had no sweets to eat, and she thought a great deal of Mitsos. She, who had hardly ever seen a man, and had certainly never in the last ten years spoken to one, except the blaok thick-lipped eunuch and Abdul Achmet, whose small sfnMial eyes looked at her like a mole's eyes, above his os K t - a o I J3 .2 ?a 1 3 o (2 Lt O I a a! -D I I .g 'a- ai -D A 1 - o I a Pi f, | fafc, pendulous cheeks, t ould hardly believe (hat they and Mitsop, with his sun-browned boyish face and long clean HmVs, were specimens of the same animal. From the first time that *he had seen him only dimly as he sat in his boat swaying regularly and gracefully with its motion, aud heard him singing the old song which she remembered from her childhood, she had thought how charming it would be to live as he lived, as free as the water swallows, wholesomely and cleanly in the open air. Surely he had caught something, indefinable, but none the less certain, from wind and sun, which reminded her of a clear light spring morning, when it was so pleasant to come out of the stuffy perfumed house, to have a breath of a more airy fragrance thrown at one by the sea breeze, and feel with a start a few dew drops from the great climbing rose about the door shaken on to the bare flesh by the wind : for, un like the Turks, she came of an outdoor race, and the racial instinct had not been altogether eradi cated by her hothouse artificial life. Then by degrees thi6 feeling had grown more personal. It was doubly delightful to be able to talk confidentially and naturally, as one child talks to another — to someone of her own age She liked talking to Zuleika, but she preferred talking to Mitsos ; it was delightful to be able to make him laugh and show his regular, white teeth. Zu leika had hideous teeth ; one had gone all black ; and for whale days together she would sit — a sloppy, dishevelled object — by the fire, saying it ached. Again, when Mitsos laughed his cheeks wrinkled up till his eyes were shut and two funny little dimples cam? one on each side of his mouth. What would happen, she had thought once, if she made him laugh, and then held his eyes open so that they could not shut ? She would like to try. Then, again, Mitsos evidenlty liked her very much, and in quite a different way from which anyone bad liked her before. Zuleika liked her in a sort of way, but when her tooth ached she ignored her alto gether, and bad one? slappel her in the face. w And when Abdul came and took her chin between ' his fingers, and turned up her face to his, and told her she was getting very pretty, sbe turned cold all over. It reminded her of the way be had pMnted at one of the turkeys in the yard, and said it toi getting quite fat. Again, it had bpen quite unascountably delightful to sit clot-e to Mitsos and shelter under him from the wind. Firally, when they parted that night, and she had brushed back the curls from his forehead and kissed him, her feelings had been more unaccountable still. She 4|^ had done it unthinkingly, but the moment it was done a whole millrace of thoughts went bubbling through her head. She wanted to do it again ; she wanted him to take her in his arms and press her dose to him — she would not mind if it hurl — she hated Zuleika ; she understood in a moment why. if Mitsos felt as she did, he should have been angry when she told him what Zuleika said, and the next words had come out of her mouth with out her wish or knowledge. Then she had felt suddenly shy and frightened ; she longed to stop , where she was, for surely Mitsos understood what * she felt, and so, being a 'woman, sbe instantly ran away and never looked behind. To-night she had sat on the wall for half an {Continued on page 400.) hour before he came, and the thought that perhaps he 'would -not come had brought into her eyes silent, childish tears. He must come ; she could not do without him. For herself ehe would have sat on the wall every night for mouths to go out with him ; surely he could not be tired in a week or two of going and not finding her there. But with the rising of the moon she had seen a white sail far away that got nearer, and at last the boat grated against the wall. ' Is it you, Mitsos ? ' she whispered, and for answer the rope was flung up to her, and her young1 black-eyed lover sprang up to her side. She descended the ladder silently, and stood against the maet while he joined her, and with * vigorous push he set them floating again in the vast dim immensity of the moonlit sea. He set the Fail, and came and stood in front of her. *- Suleima,' he whispered, ♦« last time you kissed me ; will you let me kipp you ? ' He bent from, his great height above her, and would have ktseed her lightly on the forehead as she had kissed him. But suddenly that was im possi^e, they were no longer children but lovers, and the next moment his arms were flung round her neck and her mouth pressed close to his, and each Idee left them hungrier for the next. The wind was straight behind them, and they sat where they sat before and talked in low voices as if half afraio the stars would hear them. Mit sos had got hie fishing spear and bag of resin on board, and at Suleima's suggestion they went straight before the wind to the bay where Mitsos said he could catch fish if she cared to see him. Half an hour's sail brought them across, and fastening the boat to a bush of blackthorn that grew thick on the top of the rocks on the edge of the tideless sea, be took Suleima in his arms and waded through the shallow water to the head of the bay where he would fish, for the undergrowth was thick and soaked with the night dews. She waa but a feather's weight in his strong arms, and her head lay on hie shoulder, and she threw one arm round his neck for greater security. He made her a nest under a clump of rushes that grew on the edge of the dry sand, and then went back to look for his fishing things. To carry Suleima to land he had only the shallowest water at the edge of the sea to walk through, and he had just turned up the bottom of his trousers ; but where he was going to fish it would be deeper, and as usual he slipped them off, buckling hi8 tunic, which reached to his knees, round his waist. Thep he lit his fla-re, and stepping off into the deeper water, which came just below his knees, he went slowly along peering cautiously at the bright circle of light cast by the burning resin. Fish were pleutiful, and Suleima from her nest near clapped her han Is and laughed delightedly when Mitsos speared one larger than usual, and held it up flapping and wriggling to show her.* She got bo excited in his proceedings that she left her nest, and walked along the edge of the sand / parallel with him, observing what he did with the keenest interest. Then when she got tired of watching, Miteos declared he was tired of fishing, and waded to shore with a creel full of fish. ' , It was a beautifully clear warm night, the air felt as smooth as satin, the moon had set behind the hills to the west, and in the sheltered little nook beneath the tall, singing rushes they sat together and looked over the fish by the light of the resin flare. Suleima had brought with her Turkish tobacco which she had taken from home, and gave it to Mitsos to smoke. The other wpmen of the harem all smoked, she said, and she bad tried one, but she hated it ; and Mitsos lit his pipe at the flare, and smoked, awhile. The resin burned lower and lower ; now and then it would shoot up with a sudden leap of flame, and fgr a moment reveal each to the other. Su leima would smile at Mitsos, and before he could answer her smile the flame would die down again into a tiny, flickering spot on the glowing, bub bling ash. But, as he would fish no more to-night, he did not replenish it. Only the wind sang low in the rushes behind which they sat, and drove little bits of seaweed over Mitsos's bare legs. Be* fore them spread the broad waters of the bay just curdled over by the wind, above the austere stars, behind the empty wooded hills rising into the peaks above Tripoli. * _ # * * * The wind dropped for a moment, the rushes were silent, and in the lull Miteos heard a mule bell behind them, not far off. He sat up and peered across the narrow strip of plain, over which there hung a thin veil of mist, but oaw nothing. In a few minutes the sound got sensibly nearer, and they moved a little further down the beach, for a footpath round the head of the bay to Naup lia led acroHS the top of it. Then through the sound of the bell they could hear the pattering footsteps of the mule, and in a few moments it and its rider emerged from the blushes through which the path led on to the open ground at the top of the beach. Just then, the man stopped the mule, dismounted, and tied some grass round the tongue of the bell in order to muffle it, and struck a light with a flint and steel which he caught in tinder. He blew it gently till it sufficed to light his short chibouk. His face was towards them, and in the bright 6purt of light it stood out viyidly from the dark. It was Nicholas. He mounted and rode on again, and Mitsos sat still, hardly conscious of anything, seeing only Nicholas's face standing out like a ghost in the darkness. Suleima touched him gently on the arm. ' 'Who was it ? ' she said. ' He did not see us P ' ' It wa6 my uncle,' said Mitsos in a dry voice. ?* No, he did not see us.'1 - Then Mr self-control gave way, and he flung himself back on the ground. '?'? I am afraid,' he said, ' I do not know what is going' to happen. He has come for me. I know it.' ''?''?? ' ' For you ? ' asked Suleima. ' What do you mean P ' . 'I shall have to go,' said Mitsos. ' Holy Virgin ! but I cannot. I know nothing about what he wants me to do. I only know that I may — that I shall have to go away ; that I shall have to leave you and perhaps never Fee you again.' Suleima was frightened. ' Mitsos, don't talk like that,' she said half sobbing. ' Don't be so unkind.' Miteos recovered himself, and felt ashamed. ' My poor little bird,' he said soothingly, ' I am a stupid brute to frighten you. Everything will be all right. I will come back — of course I will come back. Only I promised Uncle Nicholas to do what he told me and help him in everything — it does not matter what — and I expect he has come to tell me he wants my help.' ' Won't you tell me what it is ? ' asked Su leima, willing to be comforted. ' No. I promised I would keep it secret. But this I may tell you. You know they say — never repeat this — that the Greeks are going to rise against the Turks and turn them out. There must be fighting and bloodshed. But you hate the Turks as much as T do, darling, so you will be us glad as I if this comes true. Perhaps it might happen that Abdul's house might be at tacked, but you are quite safe if you will only do one thing. If ever it is attacked do not be afraid, but call out in Greek that you are a Greek and no Turk. And Oh, Suleima, pray to the Virgin and the Blessed Child that that day may soon come, for it will be then that we shall be able to go together always ? ' ' Is it about that you are going away ? ' said Suleima with a sudden intuition. Mitsos longed to tell her, but for a moment his promise to Nicholas kept him dumb. Then, as he had to answer, he lied boldly and unre servedly. ' It has noth'ng whatever to do with it,' he said. ' Suleima, do forgive me for frightening you. I didn't mean what I said. And you will come to the wall again as often as you can. I may have to go away — I expect I shall have to — but I don't know for how long. The first night I am back I shall come again to see you.' Suleima felt quite comforted ; ehe was sure that nothing could go really wrong as long as Mitsos was in existence, and she drew down his head and kissed him. ' Tea, Mitsos, I will come to the wall when ever I can on the chance of your being there, be rause, you know, I care more for you than all the rest of the world. And now carry me back to the boat. It is time I went back.' Mitsos stooped down and lifted her up. As his hands were full, he slung the creel round his neck and Suleima carried the extinguished flare. His heart was horribly heavy within him, for he felt certain why Nicholas had come, but he was appa rently his old cheery self, and Suleima forgot about that rather disquieting remark just after Nicholas had passed. What he should do, he could not form the least idea ; at present it seemed to him impossible that he should go away and leave her, he felt willing to throw to the winds all he had promised Nicholas. N cholas had told him that he should be one of the foremost of his country's avengers. He shrugged his shoulders, and would with pleasure have sent Nicholas, his country, and vengeance to the devil. Were there not plenty of young men to avenge Greece ? Why should he give up all that was dearest to him and go out on this undesired adventure ? But a.s long as Suleima was with him, he stifled all these thoughts while the boal skimmed sea wards on the outward tack. They put about, op posite the island, and ran. straight for the wall. The wind had freshened, and to Mitsos the boat seemed to be going terribly fast, and he grudged each moment. But he had quite lulled Suleima's fears, and she lay with her head on his shoulder, half aBleep, looking up now and then into his wide-open eyes, and pressing her arm more closely round his neck. He had to rouse her, when he must get up to take in the sail, and she smiled at him sleepily like a child just awakened. As soon as he had fixed the ladder she climbed up, and clung to him for a moment, and went quickly and silently back to the house. Mitsos pushed off, and then, left alone, he broke down utterly, and laying his face on the pillow where she had sat, sobbed like the boy he was. It was after 2 when he landed opposite his house, and he saw with some surprise* that there were lights still burning. He opened the door, and. bending his head to pass under the low jamb, entered. Constantine and Nicholas were sitting there, Constantine silent, Nicholas talking eagerly, and Mitsos observed that he had let his pipe go out. The latter sprang up when he came in. ' Ah, here he is ; Mitsos, the time has come. You must go at once.' Mitsos looked at him a moment, steadily and silently — their eyes were on a level — and then he turned aside and put down the fishing creel in the corner. In that one moment he had put before himself the whole position, and decided. Then he faced Nicholas again. ' I am»ready,' he said ; ' tell me what I have to do.' Since August Nicholas had been travelling about the Peloponnese, being received everywhere as one of the accredited leaders of the revolution. The news of his death at Corinth had enabled him for a time to show himself more openly than he would otherwise have dared to, for the Turks, who had begun to be alive to the truth of the ever-increasing rumours, and who knew that .Ni cholas was a leader, had taken no steps to counter act the report, for they hoped, somewhat ingeni ously, but wholly mistakenly, that the news of his death would produce a gopd moial effect, and prove to be deterrent to revolutionary spirits. The Greeks, however, as Germanos had said, knew 'that Nicholas was not the port of man who died,' and Turkish ingenuity signally failed at its aim. In fact, it enabled Nicholas to move about more freely, and to take full advantage of the fact that he was supposed to be beyond the reach of war and rumours of war. Indeed, finding himself back at Corinth in October, where he had business with one of his fellow- workers, he had amused himself one hot day in making a little wooden cross on which he painted his name, and below, with , a two- headed meaning, the text 'The Irumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised.' He was to leave Corinth that night, and after dark had fallen he and his host went to the Greek cemetery and planted it neatly over a newly made grave. It caused a certain amount of amusement among the Greeks when it wad discovered, but the Turks seemed quite at a Iosr what to make of it. Not even they would have dared to disturb a Greek cemetery, for the dead had in their eyes a sacredness which the living altogether lacked, and it remained there for a year, when subse quent events led to its being placed over another grave. Decembei and the first half of January he had spent in the Maina country south of Sparta, and it was from here he had fled in haste to Nauplia, for his presence in the Maina, which was bla tantly disaffected, had become too insistent to be disregarded, and the Turkibh Governor of Tripoli, Mehemet Salik, who had just been transferred there from Nauplia, where for the last year he had been in command of the garrison, had written to the Greek Bey of that district, Petros Mavromi chales, usually known as Petrobey, demanding that he should be given up . on the old charge of brigandage. Petrobey, like Germano?, was of high rank, and the Turks seem to have bad no suspicion that he himself was a leader of the re volution, but, as a matter of fact, he and Nicholas, who was staying with him at the time, read the letter together, and consulted what should be done. Nicholas was disposed to shrug at it altogether, or merely send back an answer that he was sup posed to be dead, but Petrobey thought differ ently. His own usefulness was immensely in creased by the fact that he was beyond suspicion himself, and he advised Nicholas to retire to some very unlikely place, while he himself would prose cute a vigorous and totally unsuccessful search for him as a proof of his thorough fidelity. Had he not got a brother-in-law^-his own cousin — at Nauplia ? Nauplia was an excellent place to go to. . He had better not stop in Maina, for the Turks themselves might search for him, and Nauplia was under the very nose of the Turkish Governor, and people always looked everywhere else first. But it would be necessary to have some extremely trustworthy person who could com municate between (hem, and Nicholas had spoken to him of his nephew. This nephew tived at Nauplia, did he not ? How very jouvenient } Nicholas should go to Nauplia, and send his nephew back to Maina with news of his safe arri val, and to act as messenger. This business dismissed, Petrobey wrote an ex ceedingly polite letter to Mehemet Salik, saying that his (Petrobey's) house: was his (Mehemet's) house, and that he himself was honoured by his commands, for was he not the deputy of the Shadow of God ? Nicholas, it is true, he had learned by inquiry had beeu seen lately in Maina, or so the gossips thought ; but as they had been, told that he was lately dead at Corinth, there was, perhaps, some mistake. However, the bearers of the letter to tbe deputy of the Shadow of God would be his witnesses that he had sent out twenty men to scour the country side, and no doubt the hound of Hell would be found. He should wheu found be sent at once to Tripoli. Pefcrobey was the head of the numerous and powerful flan of the Mavromichales. He himself was Governor of the district and hi6 brothers and cousins were mayors and landowners of the vil lages for miles round. Like Nicholas's family, with whom they were connected twenty timed in marriage, they prided themselves pn having kept their blood clean, and not mated with devils ; and the wrong done to Nicholas's wife they felt like a wrong done to themselves, to be wipe I out only with blood. So when, in the presence of the five soldiers who had brought Mehemet's letter, Petro bey sent for his cousin Dimitri, and told him that that bastard cousin of theirs, Nicholas Vidales, was being sought for by the deputy of the Shadow of God, who cast his effulgence just now over Tripoli, Dimitri knew exactly what to do, and the Turkish soldiers were much impressed. They had the further satisfaction an hour later of seeing .twenty mounted men set off southwards in searcu of Nicholas, following well-authenticated infor . mation, and later ia the afternoon they themselves set off on their journey to Tripoli, having drunk a little more than was good for them at Petrobey'a expense. Nicholas and he supped together, and it was ar ranged that Nicholas should start that night from Panitza, so as to reach Gythium before morning. ' I regret,' said Petrobay, ' my dear cousin, that I cannot speed you on your way myself, and can send none of our clan with you, but perhaps it would be outstepping the bounds of prudence if I we»t myself ; anl, as you know, most of our cousins living about here have gone to look for you in the opposite direction. They will, no doubt, be back before midnight, but I should ad vise your setting out before them.' Nicholas laughed. ' I shall do very well, my cousin,' he said. ' I shall reach Nauplia in two days or three, and send Mitsos back at once. He is absolutely and entirelv trustworthy ; I think I told you of the test.' * ' You did. He should be very useful to us. It is time, I think, that the mills were put in work ing order, and a boy like that can go freely to and fro without suspicion. Your health, dear cousin ; I drink to you and to vengeance ! ' The men clinked glasses, emptied them, and filled them again. ' I do not easily forget,' said Nicholas, ' and the Turk shall not easily forget me. The corn will grow high this summer, for the fields will be rich. Your health, dear cousin, and the memory of one whom we forget not ! ' They sat in silence for a little while, for Petro bey knew that Nicholas spoke of his wife, who wbb also his own cousin ; and having finished their meal they drank their coffee, and Nicholas's horse was brought round. Th,e two men walked to the end of the village together, the lad leading the horse behind, and there they stopped a moment. '?♦ I may not see you again,' said Nicholas, ' till the feast is ready. And on that day, my cousin, you and I will fall to with good appetite. I wish you good appetite for that feast.' After the manner of relations and friends, they kissed each other, and Nicholas mounted and rode off. Eight days after Nicholas's departure Mitsos arrived, having passed without question through Tripolitza and Sparta. Following Nicholas's di rections, he had kept his ears very wide open at Tripoli I za, where he had spent the night at a Greek inn, and he hid heard things which he thought might be of interest First and foremost, the letter which Petrobey had written to the Deputy of the Shadow of God had been received, and was supposed to have given satisfaction, for Mitsos had fallen in with one of the Turkish sol diers who had taken it, and reported that the mat ter was to be left entirely in Petrobey's hands, which seemed a mark of confidence in his fidelity. Also the meeting of primates and bishops at Tri- i politza, which usually took plane at the beginning of April, was summoned for the beginning of March. Lastly, Mehemet Salik was fortifying the walls of the city. Mitsos had spent the second night at Sparta, the third at Marathotiisi, a town on the coast, and the middle of the fourth day saw him climbing the steep hill hi to Panitza. His horse was tired with the four dayb' journey, and a couple of miles below the village Mitsos got off, and walked behind it, cracking his whip every now and then, partly to encourage it, and partly because he could crack a whip louder than any one he had ever heard. Petrobey, who was smok ing outside the big cafe at the entrance to the vil lage, saw the tired horse and the extremely vigorous-looking young giant walking by its side as they passed, and after a few moments' inspec tion, said to a young man who was sitting with him, ' That ia he, no doubt. Nicholas seems to have chosen well.' The two got up and followed the boy till he, seeing them, stopped and asked for Petros Mavro michalee's house. ' And what do you want with Petrobey ? ' asked that gentleman. Mitsos surveyed him with easy indifference, rais ing his eyebrows slightly at the question. ' See, friend,' he said. ' I have my business, you have yuurs. If yon know his bouse and will tsll me, good ; if not, I will ask some one else.' Petrobey laughed. ' You are Mitsos, no doubt,' he said. ' Wel come, cousin, for Nicholas's sake and your own. You were quite right uoh to answer my question. But as I am Petrobey it was reasonable of me to ask.' ' I really am very sorry,' paid the boy, ' but how should I know ? I have come from Nauplia. Uncle Nicholas arrived safely.' ' That is good ; and you have arrived safely, which is also good. This is my eon Yauni, Mit sos, and your cousin. Yanni, take your cousin's horse, and then join us.' Mitsos hesitated a moment betore giving the bridle to Yanni. ' Thank you very much,' he paid ; ' but I can put the horse up myself, if you will show me where. My father told me always to put it up myself. They laughed at me at the inn at Tri poli for doing it.' ' Indeed,' said Petrobey glancing at tbe boy's sh.oulderf-. ' I would never laugh at you, Mit sos. What did you do ? ' ' I knocked one of them down,' said Mitsos cheerfully ; ' and he didn't laugh any more.' ' The horse will be all right here,' said Petro hey smiling; ' and you two mustn't light, for you will see a good desl of each other. Give him the horse, Mitsos.' Mitsos obeyed, and they went into the house, where dinner was getting ready. Mitsos, as usuh], exhibited a phenomenal appetite after his journey from Marathouiei, and Yanni looked on in as touishment not unmixed with awe. After dinner they sat out in the sun under the shelter of the southern verandah, and here Mitso3 learned what he had to do. ' Your uncle Nicholas,' said Petrobey, ' has told me that I can trust you completely, and I have many things to tell you, any of which, if you choose to give information to the Turk, would see me, and many others besides, to the gallows.' Yanni, who was lying on a straw mat near Mitsos, lit his pipe and grinned. ' Me among them, Mitsoo,' he said, looking up a his big cousin. ' You will please to re member that.' But Mitsos did not answer, and only looked gravely at Petrobey. ' We shall no longer be cursed by these devils,' continued Petrobey ; 'for the Turks will vanish out of the land like snow in summer. What you and Yanni have to do is to go thro lgh the land, calling at certain villages, and speaking to certain men. This first journey, on which you will set out tomorrow, will take you a fortnight or so, and then you will come back here. And remem ber, Mitsos, that you will be doing what none of us could do ; for two boys, dressed as peasants dress, driving a couple of mules laden with oranges, can pass where Nicholas and I could not. On this first journey Yanni will go with you, for be knows tbe country ; but after that there will probably be this and other work for him to do, and also for you, plenty. You will go to the house of these men, and ask this question : ' Are vou grinding corn ? ' and they will answer, ' Corn for the hungry or corn for the Turk ? ' And you will say, ' Black corn for the Turk. If you have not begun grinding, begin, and grind quickly.' Mitsos was listening breathlessly. ' What does it all mean,' he asked.' Petrobey smiled, and, unslinging his powder flask from his belt, shook out a little inco his hand. ' Corn,' he said. ' Black corn for the Turk.' Mitsos nodded. ' For the first journey that will be all,' he said. ' Yanai will be with you, and it will be simple enough. After that you may have to go here, there, anywhere. You will certainly have to go to Nauplia, where you will find Nicholas, and Yanni will, I am afraid, have to go to Tripoli for a little while.' ' The devil take Tripoli,' muttered Yanni. ' What will he go to Tripoli for ? ' asked Mitsou. ' Perhaps he may not, but if he proes it will be as a hostage for my good couduct. Don't be hor rified, Mitsos ; we are not going to have him murdered. I Bhall not behave badly till he is safe again. But — who knows — some rumour may reach the Turks at Tripoli, and if eo I shall send him as a hostage. But about this journey, you must be as quick and quiet as you can. Never answer any questions about Nicholas, or me, or yourselves — you cannot be 100 careful. Never sleep in a village when you have given a message. Sleep mostly by day out in the woods, and travel at night, though you must \ e careful to arrive at the village where you give these meaeages by day. Finally be ready to run, if running will do, if not, to fight. Which would you prefer ? ' Mitsos kicked out a leg tentatively. ' I don't much mind,' he said ; '* I can fight if necessary.' ' I hope it won't be. Try io avoid any sus picion. I don't think you need provoke any. But if you do, remember that you must try to run away first. The point if- that you should do your business quietly.' Yauni turnod round and looked at Mitsos. ' Yon would prefer fighting, would you not, cousin ? ' he said. ' But I don't see how there will be either fighting or running to do, father. We only go to friends ; give our message and pass on.' Petrobey got up. ' That is what I hope,' he said, '? but you cannot tell. Some of those whom we thought our friends may be treacherous. I have to pee Dimitri, and you boys can stop here, or you can take Mitsos to see some of Lib cousins, Yauni. We will talk aeaiu this evening.' Petrobey whistled to the great savage sheep dog, which got up, and with all its hackles up, made a second examination of Mitsos's legs, growling gently to himself. The boy sat quite still under this somewhat trying inspection, and the dog after a few moments laid his head on his knee and looked him in the face. Mitsos lifted his hand very gently and striked the brute's ears, and Petrobey watched them. ' There, go along,' said Mitsos after a few mo ments, and the dog wagged his tail and walked across to Petrobey. ?' That is curioue,' said the latter, ' Osraan is not usually friendly. I suppose he saw you were not afraid of him.' MitsoR looked up smiling. ' I was horribly afraid,' he said, ' but I tried not to phow it. Big dogs are fools, they never understand.' ' You will find that men are even greater fools ; they always mistake bluff for bravery,' said Petrobey, walking off. (To be continued.) 