CHAPTEIR XXVI.-THE SCAR ON TEMPLE. . Miss Herncaste -had walkied ihto Cas tleford tdobost a piivateletterofber own. She returned as.the stable clocki~as striking six. and, as she walked up the avenue, came facetbO face with Sir Peter and Captain O'Donnell.: The' little cowardly baronet had been seized'with a sudden and great fancy for the tall, soldierly, fearless Irishman. O'Donnell suited him exactly. He kad not a grain:of;fear in his hiature, he had' a cool head, a steady tierve, and he was intensely interested in Sir Peter's affair of the ghost. O'Donnell hkd taken it up, had promised to investigate, did not believe It. was:a ghost, -=atia Sir Peter breathed agaln. . Both gentlemTen bowed "to the pale, tired-lookling' governess. The - baronet re turned round, and looked darkly and sus- th piciously after her. a "Where has she been now?" he asked rt distrustfully.- "What do all these long, nt solitary rambles mean? Don't you see h the likeness, O'Donnell, to the picture or b Katherine Dangerfleld? You must be tl blind if you do not." in '"Oh, I see a certain likeness," O'Don- 51 nell repeated, "but nothing so marked as to be terrifying. By-the-by, I was a examining the'photograph with-a mag- a nifying glass, and I discovered a mark e or scar of some kind on the left side of k the face right above the temple. Now, t had Katherlne-Dangerfoeldad bhrthmtrk %r there, or anything of the sort?" "The line you sand was the scar of.a a wound that camp pretty near ending her c life. On the voyage out to India her a nut'se let her fall out of her-arms; she n struck the blunt end of a spike, and gave f herself a horrible gash just above .the o temple,. Isaw the scar a hundred times; t it wTasn't very disfiguring, and she never l tried to conceal it._ A white triangular e scar, that used to turn lividly red T-len S site got angry." O'Donnell listened thoughtfully. I "Humph!" he said, "a scar like that it ivould be impossible ever to obliterate, even had she lived to be eighty. By the a way, you told me, Sir Peter, she died in the house of a man named Otis, I think- a doctor, who afterwaards removed to 0 London? Do you know if this man still fIlves?" "I'kn"ow nothing about him; but there 0 is no reason to suppose he does not." "Was his Christian name Henry?" "Yes; Henry Otis, that was his name." "Was he tall, spare, light-haired, tery' isalow complexion, with a stoop?" "Yes, he was. O'Donnell, have you seen him-you describe him exactly?" "1 think I have. And she died in his I house, and was buried from it, you say? How long after did lie leave Castleford 1e for London?" "I don't remember exactly - some months, I think. There were peo pie who said he had fallen in n love with Katherine, and was miser able here after her death. She was biuried from his house, and he erected that stone to her memory. Then he took his mother away, and went up to London." "HIe and Iis mother kept a servant, I suppose? Now, if the servant who liv ed witMh them at the time of Kfatherine Dangerfield's death be still alive, it strikes me I should like to see that ser vant. One question more, Sir Peter, on another subject. Do you know a place some three miles from here-a dismal, r- lonely sort of house, called Pracken c Hollow? r- "Certainly I Iknow Bracken Hollow." Ills voice dropped to a whisper, and he glanced half-fearfully around. "Who in en Castleford does not? Dismal and lonely! I should think so. Bracken Hollow is a hor alianted house." ,U "Who lives at Bracken Hollow?". "" An 01 -- *selan.?amad-:Hans ah t, Gowan;- She?tds ' Kttte-rl rlfTI" field's nurse in her youth; a' her Brack h- eioned h .o Katherine Dangerileld's nurs?e! George! tlthet accounts--". He stop ped. Sir Peter looked at him, all his never es- ending suspicions and fears aroused. t "Accounts for what?" Sof O'Donnell halted in his slow walk, and his laid his hand confidentially on thl g shotilder of lte baronet, and looked ca- calmly down into his little wizen face. toOr "Sir Peter," he said, gravely, "a light eak is beginning to dawn upon me--the mys to teries are lifting slowly, but, I think surely. As certain as we both live, thi gst o cen o ow, exorised! Now I am going away by myself to Ar- think." and And he turned and strolled off, leaving ate the petrified little baronet standing un say, der the lime trees, the picture of dazed ked and helpless astonishment. sot The first room the young Irishman but passed was the libiary; its window: her stood wide open on the lawn: It looker for cool and dark and deserted-a suitable place to think in. re- He stepped in, let tihe sea-green cur and tains fall again, flung himself Into a chair, his hands still deep inhls h ?i's ,ii his brows or the sunset; but, -r fiv's inutes, liettlte-r his e'es o from the carpet, and founf it was not en dark. He also found that, not mr alone; the library had aaoth has -sn v erhit-one hand ter pillowed her head-her face, with the of light full upon it, was tnurned towards t. him. And in her sleep she dreamed, for sis her brows were contracted. her lips tr moved. She looked fairer in her slum b- her than he had ever thought her 11 awake. At Who was she? A strange wolan, ye surely-a wonderful womann, if tile dim, og mysterious suspicions adrift in his mind rn were right. Whto was she? An inspiration came to him-an In spiration that lifted him from his chair to Iris feet, that caught his breath for re one breathless moment. The scar on fKatherine Dangerfield's temple! He hardly knew what he suspected as yet, wild, improbable, impossible things; and yet hie did suspect Nonw, if P, ever, was the time to end all suspicions asd test the truth. Miss Herncastle lh wore her black hair nearly down to her eyebrows; what easier than now to lift one of these shining waves, and look at i1 the left temple-it was the side of the Sface uppermost. SHee advaneed-sheitated. Something Is in her helplessness, in tile sacredness of " sleep, appealed to his strength and his Smanhood, and held him back. It seem c ed a distardly- deed-to do while she n slept what he dared not do awake. And Syet it was his only chance. S"I may be judging her cruelly, shame fully," he thought; "if the scar Is not r there T am. For her own sake I will Slook." SHe drew near-hlie stooped over the sleepilSgform; .very gently he lifted the blackwavresofhair that covered forehead e and temple. A full and noble brow he d saw it was those' hands of dead, dark hair hid. Lifted off, it altered her won Sderfully, made her ten times more like r the iportialt of the dead girl. He gianc Sed'at the temple Good Heaven! Yes, there Was the livid triangular scar Sir Peter Danger Ilgeld had descrilsl just above the tern- I ple. - ¢. . He let the hair drop--he absolutely. reeled for a second, and gralsped a chair:. II|ood thei-r for h few morhents thui derstruck, spellboiund, lookinhg down aI her, and then drasiang a deep braeth1 softly left the?eroosnl~: 