THE STORY-TBLLBBJ |ROMkÏHE UNSEEN WORID. A nice tibie of it you college doi llave 1" I observed enviously, lookin f0un4 the oak-panelled room. I hià come up to spend a day or tn TpUb Rintoul at Trinity. We bad bee obuniB íínce our undergraduate day) nudi té nad stayed on, first as Fellow an 'Vbfc? rf tis college, and next as «ftiftái^y professor. "Jtfg^a pleasant life enough," admitte< Rintoul. #he dinner party he had given in rn; fconjwu* swas over, and the last guest hoi iBenjçi4e$. The candles had burnt low ú $UOT>#^ and the oorners of tin l^^' lajr in deep shade. A Wein Japa4ößO idol was dimly visible beside i «aryföi. bookcase, over which hung : »à®ftiflçent repouBsê brass shield. Rm ilouI^bjBijl Antiquarian tastes, and indulged %nen^;jbp the uttermost. The emben ^Uioj^ced in an ancient Spanish brazier ;rlî* andirons, of curiously twisted fèV- . represented grotesque heads, held by strangely contorted bodies, «té was an eerie feeling about the fnaoeV ¿nd I was not sony when Rintoul \- Vtopo&fed; that we should adjourn to bis iswcraura, which opened out of the larger B^ft &U; was warmth and brightness: Awo tó#y chaira were pulled up close to jfwjli and on a writing table behind ^mass of most disorderly papers, '- *TS£*í£*ive °i Rintoul'B morning labours. ''.wbimead installed me in the biggest ^Tutt^soid drew up the spirit stand. We \- fiioujr^pipes, and eat awhile in sociable j&enejfe; There was a meditative look in -IliirtjvnTe eves; he lay back, watching JO^e tcprtex rings of blue smoke vibrating »pwaNlione by one ere they disappeared ¡ii di&baze..; /*I|'?|B a groove, all the same," oe rçmajsked suddenly. J sfeUed. He had not lost his old ffepit/ra recm-ring to the last remark but .ten». * laíe here, I mean," he continued. w3fó J&ubt; we're very high-minded and rtperpr'; but we get into a cut and *lned%ay of looking at things : we want shaking up with a few city men, to make *e preihtical. Shake up a merchant with ¿ professor of political economy, for l&stattoe;, and the result will he *'Exe#^|ing their nails and the tips of ^jfheiv'tails, Játahwpyit two cats there weren't any !" I guébîtd, with a laugh, -"lt won't do, itmtoul; the gulf is too wide ; hut you ' tteonjsîs can help us from afar, no doubt, î'm ajpÄacticalman." Thip^ trite conclusion I threw in to batenoè' the judicious vagueness of my opeechf which I dimly felt to be some whát l&cking; in meaning. < Bnt'jitàntoulwas nothstening ; he had apparently gone off on quite a different tftcV r " Do'J^pu believe in ghosts ? 'was his next observation. I started. " The question chimed in ^pleasantly with the creeping sensa- tions %}%xch. I had experienced in the Otherèçjpm. - "Mo^I don't;" I responded with un : neceBS&ry; emphasis. " That beastly : psychical has done no end of harm in popularising spooks. You feel a cold shiver ; run down your hack and see a . shadow" on thè wall, and just at that \- Äoment.pccurs the death of the grand . another 'of your next door neighbour. . There's ^Bomething BO futile andsenee ' less abftpt it-like the grammar sen- tences iii, Ollendorf. > "That"kind is irritating, certainly," aasentef Rintoul, gravely, "but I don't see thab;^fou bave unbounded belief in any fhot\ you have proved it to he any . the less it spook. Perhaps you have an unnounded belief in coincidence P" -; * Ohi^pther 1" I said crossly. " I have nob antunbounded belief in anything; let's tajik of something else ; I was never ; good ¿tr arguments-and I don't like "ghosts.^ . TMsCfvas feeble, but Rintoul spared jne, and we did not pursue the subject. He seethed thoughtful, and gazed ab- stractedly into the fire. I leaned back luxuriously, admiring one or two rare etchings that hung over tile mantel; Rintoul was a connoisseur in Such. Suddenly my eye fell upon a drawing in red chalk, just opposite my friend's chah-. I recognised Rintoul's touch-they say that he might have made a name iu the world of ait had he not chosen to embark on a classical career. -....."What a magnificent head," I re : marked.- " One doesn't often meet with a fellow iwitk a profile like that. Fancy, i.TBUpppseP'' ; ' "No;"àportrait done from memory, but a gopd likeness for all that. He was a pupil ipi mine." JRintonl relapsed into silence, and the f moke zings coiled up as before. The pictui'ed face was a strangely in- teresting one. There was a haunting sadness about it, an indefinable sugges -. tion of promise unfulfilled. I felt sure that there was a story attached to it. "I'll tell you about him, if you like," sftid my mend at last, knocking the ashes ont of his pipe and laying it on the table. . X settled myself to listen. 1 "It was at Rugby I first came across him " Rintoal began, " when I waa ex ^ ¿mining-flown there for the locals one summery* jThe day was very hot, and I ,'was sitting with a class that, was in for elementary chemistry. I had taken so mc papers with me to occupy me, but finished them some time before the examin- ation was over, and amused my- self by looking ronnd the room at the boys. Most of them were pegging away like mad-some writing: down nonsense, no doubt. One, 'however, was" staring blankly ahead; his lips wese moving, and I fancied I caught the echo of some kind of rhyme- vHe 3fta<l evidently for- gotten some imnoji^t point, and -was striving bard to rjeiaemher it. He was the handsomest1 lad I had ever seen j broad, deep-chested, nerfectly made, with tbte thews and sinews ot a, young Hercules, and a head'-well, you see his face up there. * "At last he gave up m despair, and went on scribbling until time was up. The others gave in their papers and trooped ont, but he lingered behind, and when the last had: gone, burst out breathlessly : " Please, sir, doies' calcic chloride efHoresce or deliquetíce ?' ' " His impetuosity fairly took my breath away. "' Think a. moment/ I said ; 4 if you've ever experimented, you must have seen whether it taies in o» gives ont water/ " A cloud settled on his brow as he murmured: " 'Oalcic chloride effloresces. Sodic sulphate deliquesces. Oalcic chloride deliquesces. j "'Itgoes either way,* he gasped in I horror ; ' I made a little rhyme to help me remember, and I couldn't for the life of me recollect whioh way it went I've made a muddle of the whole thing.' *My dear fellow, it would baye been much less troublé to think than to try ' to remember a . parrot rhyme especially one that acts both ways V I suggested. " * That s just what ! can't do," he re- plied sorrowfully. Mi can .learn a thing by heart, bot I can't, think--it isn't in me.' ? ? "He looked up at me, a sad, vague, puzzled expression in bis eyes, and then ne turned and left the room. The inci pent haunted me for jj, day or two, brit I was bu6y, and subsequent events soon put it out of my head. After all it was no unusual thing for a "schoolboy to make à mess of a chemistry exam." Rintoul paused and filled his pipe again. I did the same, and we smoked in silence for some tinxe. ,.Then he re- sumed: " Three years later: I was settled here as a classical tutor. As you know, I had not got my professorship then, but was coaching pupils in the ordinary way. There was a very large batch of fresh- men that October termi and, according to report, some of thoBe who had fallen to my lot were very promising. I had over- hauled most of them, and was very well Eleased with the result, ' One, however I ad yet to see-Keith, a Rugby fellow. There was a knock at my door one morn- ing a day or two after the beginning' of the term, and, to my^ surprise, in walked my friend of the chemistry éxani. He hka grown and developed; but was other- wise unchanged, and he wore the same pathetically puzzled expression. Ho announced himself as ' Keith,' and then started and flushed. I saw be had recog- nised me. '"I remember seeing you at Rugby,' I said ; ' got over the calcic ' chloride yet ?' " His colour deepened, 'y " Oh, I was ploughed-I generally am.' "There was a look of actualpâinou his face, and I saw that I had touched a tender spot, so I made some casual re- mark, and began to sound hini as to his classical acquirements. They were not varied, but fortunately he had settled his preliminaries, and could begin his special work at once. I fixed the hours at which he was to come to me, and mapped out a plan of lectures which he was to attend. He noted it all carefully down, and then departed with a sigh. There was really something very curious: about his air of chronic depression. [My old interest in him awakened, and' I. registered a firm resolve to pull him ou^.óf the Slough of Despond if possible; 1 " Well, I did my best, but it was of no earthly use. Keith Had summed himself up correctly when we first met-he simply had no thinking powers ; there was some strange^want of connection between the parts Of-his brain. ; He bad a certain aptitude for iearnihg things parrot-fashion, and, oh, the amount "of unnecessary trouble he. gaye himself.! He reminded me of the child who was overheard persistently and diligently repeating to himself, « A horse has four legs-a horse has !fouy legi.' That was 311st Keith's style. At lectures he in- variably took down the digressions with great care, omitting the essential parts I and his unseen translation were things of horror. It was not that they were were graummfcieally incorrect-the prin- ciples of syntax had apparently been hammered into him soniehow-^-but they were utterly devoid of style, and fre- quently cf sense. It was like trying to teach an automaton, and I very soon gave up all hope of him. "'Why don't you work for a pass?' I said impatiently one day, after an hour of more than baffling stupidity. "'My father won't hear of it,' he replied. 'He was a wrangler himself, and says he won't allow a son io loaf through a poll degree. He can't grasp the fact that I'm no good-never was never will be--' and his band went wearily np to his head. ". "'I veagoodmind to write and aug I g/vst to him that you specialise in I athletics. You ought to carry off your , j blue in no time,' I said, wi'Jh a balf finvious glance at the tall, straight figure. - Ho only sighed again, und trent' oft' slowly with his boots. ?" An incident occurred that, af teruoon that confirmed his account of himsali. Ï had beeu taking a long country walk, and was sauntering back slowly over the river, who« I heard steps behind me. It was Caffyn, à third-year man; lie had his blue, was a very good ' all-round fellow, and was fdiher a favourite, of mine. This afternoon he was evidently very much put out ; he looked tired and cross, and there was a frown upon bis brow. . " ' It's that ass Keith,' he Bald, apolo- getically, as I turned to greet lum. * You should sec him in a boat ! He's about as much idea of rowing as a cow, and it's impossible to teach him- A fellow with that chest!' and he gave a dis- gusted groan. " 'He'd row a boat into the middle of next week, if you left him to himself he's muscle enough-but when it comes to keeping stroke, he's nowhere. It's just the way in »laying tennis. He'll serve a ball inti) the next court hut one, and beg your pardon while yon stand and swear at him. He's just no sense of direction ; he'll be chucked out of every- thing if he goes on like this.' " Oân't you account for it in auy way P* I asked. " ' No; they say he was just the same at Eugby-a hopeless, well-nreaning, impracticable duffer. I more than half believe he's not ail there.' " We had reached Trinity, and I gave » weary sigh as T turned into my rooms. It waa such au unnecessary tragedy that a fellow who, to all outward appear- ance, possessed every advantage, and was full of latent possibilities, should be. just a hopeless failure. " But- such was the case ; he made stupendous efforts, but ail to no purpose. As the end of his third year approached) he grew more than usually despondent, and begged me to write to his father, asking that he might forego the exami- nation. " " ' He'll never forgive nie if I'm ploughed,' the lad said, 'and ploughed I shall be, to a dead certainty. It'll be all right when I get home, £f they'll only let me alone ; there's a lot to be done on the estate, and I eau work under direc- tion .at anything that doesn't need brains. If only I once get away from this hateful place!* he ended with, a groan. " Thc most pathetic part of the whole thing was that he realised his own defect and his inability to overcome it; his school aud college life mnsthavebeeu one long - period of torture. I wrote to his father, putting the matter as delicately as I could, but the answer I received ?roved him to be the worst kmd^of-great 'anjandrum, little button aud all. The missive was short, and contained a politely exprebye'l intimation that he was the best judge of his son's capacity, and that the eaid sou knew what to expect if be still obstinately persisted in doing his worst. I showed the letter to Keith. I could net well do otherwise, as it was at his request that I had written. He went went away very white and set his lips. '' My. father thinks that it's just ob- stinacy and idleness on my part,* he said ' he'll never forgive nie if I'm ploughed -and I shall be ploughed.' The fatal day came at last. It was a lovely Juna morning, and my heart ached for him as he passed my window on his way to penance. I met him arter the first paper, however, and he seemed almost.bopeful ; he had been lucky in his translations, both of which he had met with before. But the nest paper floored him utterly, and as the week went on, he became reduced to a state of nervous misery that was pitiful to witness. The tripos was over at last, and then the results had to be waited for. When they came out, a few days later, I need hardly say that the name of Keith did not appear on the list. It was a great; blow to me, though, of course. I had known that it was inevitable. I avoided the fellow, not feeling able to offer him any consolation, and went for a day up the river. " ' After all, it's a storm in a teacup," I said to myself, reflectively ; ' what's a tripos after all P Keiths got the making of a man in him somewhere, and this one blow won't floor him. " This I uttered aloud and defiantly, resting on my oars as I sculled up the river ; but somehow the words did not carry conviction. "Afterleaving my boat, I sauntered home by the Backs, and stopped a moment by Trinity Bridge before enter- ing my rooms. It was an oppressive air- less night; there was scarely a ripple on the water, and not a leaf was moving on the trees. I walked through the cloisters into Neville's Court. No one was about ; the college seemed to have adjourned to the Great Court; at all events there was a good deal of talking and moving about down there. I was tired, and went straight up my staircase into my large room-the one out of this. He indicated the half open door with his finger. In the blackness I could just disern the gleam of the shield against the wall. He continued: .'.As I entered, a sudden rush of cold air made me shiver. I was puzzled to account for it on such anight, but sup- posed that my sudden entry must have caused a draught, To my surprise the room was not empty ; a figure was stand- ing near the mantel, its head bowed on its Landa, li looked o» as I approached' and in the dim light I recognised Keith' His face was ghastly palé, and his lips moved for a moment or two before words shaped themselves. " I've come to thank you for all you've done for me,' he said ; ' I «poder if I ever could heve been any good in the world-any where else ?' " I stretched my hand out, but he did not seem to see it. . " . Hy deai* fellow,' I said. you have everything before yon yet. It is sheer ; folly to take the result of your exam, so much to heart. - Four father won't eat you." * It's too late, he repeated, in the sanie level, dull, monotonous' tone^-'too late-too late.' There was a terrible hunted expression innis eyes.' I reasoned exhorted, pleaded but all to no avail. 4 I've had my hi3t chañes, and lost it,' he said ; 'you've bean very good feo me. but I knew it was of no use.* '" " ' - *' His head want down on his hands again. A chill, oerie feeling came over me ; it was as though I could not get near him at all ; my words seemed to float past him, unheeded and unheard. . '"'?Go back to your rooms, and go to bed,' Ï said at last; * you ave worn out ; I'll come round and talk to you to-mor- row.5' " I moved towards the door and he fol- lowed »ne slowly. We passed do wu the .stair together, and out into the cloisters. The moon was rising over the river, and as we stood there again ! felt a breath of icy wind sweeping rona-:! the court. It was very strange. "41 can't underefcand--' I was begin- ning, turning to my companion, when to my astonishment I -found that hs was no longer at my side: lt was a mystery. tt> me how he could have vanished ço--suddenly.' I called his . name, but there was no answer. After an ineffectual search I concluded that he had gone hack to his rooms by some mysterious shortcut, i and, being very weary, I turned'in. . '?-- - " The next morning I awoke with a vague feeling that something unpleasant had happened-you know the sensation P I was just x*ecalling the events of the night before when Vicars, my gyp, entered the room. "Was there anything going on last night,"Vicars?" I asked. "I came in. late and there seemed to be some excite- ment outside the dining-hall." " Vicars looked very grave. *' *' So you haven't heard, sir ' he said. ' Young Mr. Keith shot himself ju3fc be- fore the hall-he was stoae dead when they found him : the doctor says it must have been instantaneous.' '?It was two hours later that I had seen and spoken with him !" There was a very long silence after my friend had finished his tale; I had no explanation to offer ; such an adventure was altogether beyond the limits of my experience' " It was I who broke the news to his people," said Rintoul at last; " the old man never got over it-he died that year. I did not tell them about my strange experience ; it would have served no purpose. But one thing I am sure of he added, as we lighted our candles, and Erepared for bed, " that poor Keith has j ad another chance since then."- j Household Words. j 