THO..IAS JARVYS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble home of Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lano, Ultimrno. Hie was dis covered nursing a two-year-old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear that he was an invalid on the rapid road to conval escence. In reply to the preliminary questions. he-said: " You want to know all about smy case ? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to those who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago next Christ mas, I met with an accident; I was badly scal ded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the accident I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give ap my billet at the Glebe Island." "' What were the symptoms ?" "Simply indescribable. The pains were some thing terrible. They were just about as mtuch as I could bear. They were for all the world as if a saw were cutting my bones in two in every pa-t of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and every one else. I was incessantly shivering and shak ing, and could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor and he told me. that my case was utterly hopeless. However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order 1" " No; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago, I could not walk across the floor ; in fact. I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was sn. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar disturbances of gait, and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary move ment. He t"ld me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of my legs. (Just then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the advertisement describing the cure affected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, wh;ch I read in the ". Australian Workman," by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I read in the advertisument of a case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial anyway, and sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme i diately left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking the fifth box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely, recovering my former vigour and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are perfectly new, and I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon I to do without it. You see I am rapidly regain I ing my strength." " He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs Jarvis, who had come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pilk Pills saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that Jsrvis looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. "I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on the way I amr going, T hope to be able to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than'I have been at any time during the last five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a noew man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and mnurphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the excruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for 1 no longer need them. Every body who .knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is this remarkable history, and it con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. They cure locomotor ataxy, partial paralysis, and spinal disease, also the many disorders which arise from an impoverished state of the blood, such as ansemia, pale and sallow com plexion, generaj muscular weakness, indigestion, lonss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, etc. 