RECEPTION AND PROFESSION. On Tuesday morning the impressive aud solemn oeremony of a reception aud profession iu con neotloa w ith tho Order of tho Sistors of Mercy took place at Sc. Brigid's Roman Catholic Church. Tho ohuroh was crowded, aud the Bishop of Batburst, Dr. Byrue, ununited. He was assisted by the Very Rhv. Father Duune, V.G., and the Rev. Father Gull, Wellington. The reception was tho first ooreinouy, aud the lady eutering the order was Miss Fiorrie Cummins, daughter of Mr. WJUtaiu Cummins, of Burrahadeeo, She entered the ohuroh, aupporlod by the Mother Superior and the Mother Assistant, aud preceded by a procession of yuung ladies who repreauuted angels. The cross bearer was Miss Reno Morrison und the angels , weio Misses C. Ryan, M. Fitzgerald, N. Guigni, B. Murray, L. Carroll, M. Allou, and E. Cummins. The little one were habited in appropriate dresses, end carried baskets of flowers. As the procession moved to the alt r tho choir sang, "OGIoriosa Virgloum " and, then prayers being offered up by 'Bishop, the novice having expressed her desire tu wear the " habit of religion " was duly clothed, the " habit " having been previously blessed. Sho was also given the white veil, and at the conclusion of the ceremony, she embraced thu sisters present, the . choir siogiog the 123rd Psalm "Behold how good and pleaaaut." Thu nowly olothud sister's name In religion is Sister Mary Joseph. The Benediction of. the Blessed Suurameut closed this ceremony, and then followed the "profession" of Sister Mary Ignatius (Miss Qeorgina Wade, of Newcastle). " 'All lady was received two years ago, when she assumed the white veil, and now she was given tho blaok, and allowed to sign the Act of Profession. The Mass of the Holy Ghost was offered up, aod after the " Aguua Dei" the Bishop approached tho novice, and, elevating the Sacrament, ehe pro nouoced iu a clear voice the solemn vows of poverty, ohustity, and obedieoce. She further promised her service to the poor, the sick, aod the ignorant. Then subsequently the newly- professed was olotbed with the blaok veil, the .blahop saying "Receive the holy veil, the emblem of chastity and modesty, which mayest thou carry before the judgment seat nf oar Lord Jesus Christ, that thou mayest have etornal life aod mayeat live for over and over. Amen." The novloo subsequently knelt before tho bishop, who placed the ring on the third finger of the right hand, reciting at the same time ihis prayer —" May Jesuo Christ, Sou of tho Living God, who has uow espoused thee, protect thee from all danger. Receive the ring of faith, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that thou mayest be called the Spouse of Christ, aod if thou art faithful, be orowned with Blm for ever. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Ameu." The solemn prostration followed, and tho newlypro fesied made obedience to the Superior aud was embraced by her and the othor religious present. The oeremony, which was watched with iotenso Interest by all was concluded with the singing of tho MEoce quam bouum." A breakfest was given at tho Convent, to which the Bishop, the > ' Vloar General, Futhor Gell, tho parents of Sister Joseph, aud a large number of friends were invited. ' AH joined in offering their congratulations to both sisters upon haviog chosen the best part, and wishing them a long and useful life in the service of 0im tbey had chosen as their Master. SAys worry aad pain from toothsohe by using " " Murrumhil." It nllnya the most agonising pain In a few minutes. Price la, post freo, from Adams, Chemist, Dubbo, 