THE SABBATH. 3v Cantaii. LET.tku JX. I think you will recognise, my friend, .from niy lust letter time tho God of tlu- Jlebrcws, culled " 'l'lio Father," in tin Gospol, is no longer considered by the Gentiles of this world ns tho only 'J'rtn God ; but, ns wns foretold by tho pro- phets, tlioro arc other Gods newly come up, whom onr fathers knew not— God the Soil, and God llio Holy Ghost .(Dun, Xf I3S 9 etc) 1 forgot however to slate that tlioro certainly uro one or two places in the Bible whore tho " Son " is called God — hut this does not make him God. Wo rend for instance, "Un to us a child 'is born, . . and his name shall be called Wonderful, Coun sellor, the Mighty God, the everlasting Fullior, tho Princo ol J?enco" (Isni, JX 0). Again, — " But unto tho Son lie snilh, Thy throne, 0 God, is for over and over, . . therefore God even Thy God hath annointcd tlieo with the oil of gJnduuss nhovo thy fellows (lieb. I S 9). It is on lliu letter of such pas sages ns theso that tho Church en deavors to provo that Josns Christ, called tliu " Son," is also " Truo God," und " equal to tho Father," The name of "God" however, as applied to Christ, is merely a title, duo lo His character as a Prophet, for wo nro told that all thoso to whom tho word of tho God of the Hebrews wns -riven for. if vnn like. supposed to bo given) wero culled " Gods" (John X 3-1 5). This is not merely t ho "lot-ler" but also the "spirit" or general sense of the scriptural teach ing, ns we are also told time when tho Prophet like unto Moses should ho raised up (Dent. XVfll lfi 8) lie would eome "in tho majesty of the name of tho Lord 11 is God (Micuh Y '1) and Christ himsolf said, J urn come in my Father's name (Joint V 43). It is the snrno with us in temporal matters; a son lakes the name of his father, lint dues not in consequence become his own fathor or ovon take the plnco and position of his father, until llio death of timl fiithcr. Jn many cases ho dees not oven resemble his Fnt her, or act ou tho snino principles ns ids father. Tho two first principles, or Jjnws, of llio Apostolic faith having boon altered and perverted by Rome — when und how 1 will show you lntor — let us see if any other "covenants" havo boon rejected, or " ordinances " broken. According to ihe Bible Christ was given by the God of the Hubrows ns a "covenant," or rnlhor, sunt ns tho messenger of the eovonnut (Mid. f il 1 etc) to tile people — as a "Minister" of the circumcision for tho truth of the God of tho Hebrews, and to confirm tho promises imulo by lhat God llirongli tliu fathers to lliu Gentiles (Rom. XV 8 XI 13). This God however gnvu nnothor covenunt to His people, which wns to be n sign, or testimony, peculiar to those wliu ac cepted Him. ns tho Truo God, as'dis- tinct from tliosn who followed after "strango Gods" (or Buiili. J. Sam. VIJ 3 4). This covenunt wns lliu Saiiuatii nnd it wns lo he a porpcluul mid uvur- lusfing oovimunts throughout all generations (Exod. XXXf 10, XXXIV 10 21. Jsni. LV 4 0, LVill 13. Jerem. XVII 21 7. J3zek. XX 11 2, XXI 1 21), It is ns much ineumbuiu en tho Gentiles of this geuerutiou us it was on tho Hebrews in tiie lust (Jorcm. Xlf 10), nnd wns observed and en forced by Christ and his Apostles, You must remorahor, however, my friend, timl tliu Roman "Bunst" of tho Hebrew prophets wns to think to ohiingu times und laws (Dan. V1L 25). Now Rome lias not only " thought " of doing this hut actually done it. Tho cuinmoncu- inont of tho year was arbitrarily fixed by Homo en llio 1st January, and the oid Hobrew and Christian now your rejected (Exod. All 2), llio first month of tliu year was altered. The months themselves have boon changed, and botli tliey mid lliuduys uf tliu week Romanised — culled idler, or dedicated to, liumun JimpuruVd and Heathen Gods. Amongst other changes wo lind that uf tho Sabhiilh. For ovor 300 years tliu ourly Olirisliuns observed the Subbuth of the God uf Israel und tliu God of Christ, hut in the year 321 a.d., tho Emperor Cooslantinu issued a decree tliin all judges, citizens anil in tilicurs should observe llio Sunday (dies Solis) us 'u day of rest, unit distinct 'from the Sitbhtiih; but" mis was nut tu bo kept as a. (lay uf rest by tliu. agriculturalists. Fur iiuiiiy years alter this there were two "days ul rest," uue the iineieiit "Sabbath1' kept by the l»w»r classes on llio Saturday, mid llie uibcr lliu "iliiy of rest," kept by the higher classes ou llio Sunday (dies Su I is)! This boing found iiieon-, veiiieut the Emperor Loo;I in A.n. 409 enacted that lliu lower chisses also sjioqld keep the Sunday ns tltejf "tiny of rest," nnd from this dnto — a.d. 409 — tho Snbbnth of the God of Israel wns discarded, nnd replaced by the Roman Sunday, dies solis, a day dodicatcd lo tho sun. Tt wns only nt this date, a.d, 409, that Sunday hccnino gonerally established ns a "day of rest," and falsely called, later, the Snbbnth. Tho covenant of llio God ol fsrucl with his people wns that Ihoy should keep tho seventh day holy, ns the Sabbath ol the Lord their God, but this covenant hits been rejected, nnd the peoplu of this gentile world havo entered into n new covenant with Rome lo worship tliu gods of Rome on the lirst day of tho week. That the seventh day of the week was iho true Sabbath in (he. lime .of Christ and his apostles is evident from lliu Gospel itsulf us Ghrisl- was orueiliod on "the tiny of preparation (Good Friday) that is, the day before the Sabbath" (Murk xv, 42) — Saturday, — nnd was raised from t ho dead on Sunday (Faster Sunday), "I ho first day of tho week" (Mailt xvi 2, otc.) The ministers ol the Ho v Catholic Church a rciic that the institution. of tho Sabbath, or day of rest, on tho first day ol the week took place in llio tiiiio ol tho Ajiustlus, because, 1st, Christ was raised from llio dead on llio first day of tho week, and secondly because tlioro is a verse in llio Biblo which says that "upon the first day of tho week tho disciples cnine together to bnko bread"! (Acts xx 7.) This argument is utterly false ns history shows tis that tho early Christian Church obsorved tho seventh day uf the week — Saturday — us lliu true Sabbath up to the year a,d. 409, when Jlomo "changed the law." This argument is but a subterfuge to deeoive the people becnusu limy lire now unable to clmtigo a custom which lias become nuivorsnl ; this argument is but an uxeiiso to justify Ihcuisulvos, and to hide nud pullintu a sin they cannot ovoreomo. There nre many who consider tlint this difference betweou llio seventh ami tliu iirst day of the week is a muro detail, nud any argument on the subject n "splitting of straws." They uro perfectly satisfied themselves if tliuy observe the letter of the law, without giving u second thought lo tho Spirit of tho law. Ji tlioy work six days in the week nnd observe (he seventh day ns u day of rust they are indifferent whether that day ho a Sunday, or a Tuesday, or u Friday, so long as for their own con venience it is kept ou tliu same day by all idiltu. But none of these days is the "Subbuth" instituted by tho God of tho Uobruws. Part of Lliu Apostolic ur True Christian Faitli consists in a belief that Christ will return on curtli, punish tho wicked, nud receive the goad into tho "kingdom of Christ," This kingdom of Christ is also callud tho "Now Juriisulcui," but only those who taku hold of the covontiuls of tliut God wliu has promised this kingdom of happiness will be allowed to enter the Now Jerusalem. Only those will he allowed to. outer who keep the seventh day, Saturday, holy us the Sabbath of tho Jjurd their Uuil; for in Hie New Jerusalem tlioro will not ho Two Sabbaths,— one for the Apes! Its nud disuiplus of Christ ou the seventh day, and another for the Gentiles of this world on tliu first day of tho week. Whuthor we believe in this "Now Jerusalem ur nut is uulsidu of the question, but the J'ael remains tliut lliu principle or oi durance laid down in tliu Truo Christian faith, und observed ey llio early Ulirislniu Churuli is plain and explicit, nud this ordinance or eoveutrat is utterly despised by a Church wliiuli professes lo he founded on the Apostolic or enfly Christian faith, and to buliovu in a IiHuto "New Jerusalem," or "kingdom of Christ." Consider now, niv friend, "this Jiooplo" who cull themselves Christians are uspeuiulty-uiijuiuud Lu "judgu nu man," — no nut even in the iSahhatli, but the ministers of "this peoplu" are the first tu judge — and condemn any persun who works' on u Sunday, whilo' they themselves "profnuu". mul reject tliu true Subbuth, As u "day of res'." J allow it is sidulnry und necessary, but tliu grounds Oflhoir condouiimtiun in spirit mil, — a prufiination of the Sabbath I Nuw us a private individual, my friend, I worship one God, tliu God of Christ and tliu Gud of Jsruol, nud jiro- tust against the J-aw of llio Laud which unluruus the Low of tliu Churoli and uompuls urn lo do oiiiwnrd honor und reverence, in keeping the first day uf the wuuk Holy,, Lu llio " God uf (his world " 1.1 (Coriii. J Yl) ; — -lu it 'iViuuu JJoity whiuli is liotuueu mentioned nr alluded to'ju llio 1 Toly Seiiplures ; — In u God In whom I do not beliovo, 1 nsk yon, inyjribn'il, in lliu words of St. Paul, " Why should my liberty ho judged by another man's oonseioneu f (J Corin, X (2'o bo Continued.) 