The Shadow oi Wiring. CHAPTER XH. *? THB BHAPOW.OI.'JBJNOaW. « Yes, jes— -certainly/ repli^ the -?ame, flurriedly,: 'I.Bhould hiyp doi» so before. Bnt will yoo tufte cotb'iDg to ' take bsfore; you see her V ? Nothing, thank you ; I atn, anxious, to. know if my surmises as to'theledy's identity beoorreot.' 'TheDOome this way, doctor, W* will ha»o a nice bit of unpptr ro»dy for you by tho tlma yon are done. Tbis, w«y, if.yqa pirate.' Dame Linley had a firm fehh in. tbe effi cacy of pood fiotnala as a preventatire of.aiJ tho tile that flesh is heir to ; consequently, in ooudaotine; the dootor to the.ejok room, she ooold not even then forget that he bad. trarellecl a pretty long journey ia an air celebrated for giving pond appetites.. The dootor roie from his seat, and followed/ the dame into the, lobhy, up the; stairs, and into a cleanly little bed-room. As they rntered tbey'dn DOt'obnerve the op-pn 'mpotb and extended eyelids of little Sngy, who was' seated on a small stool by the bead of the bed. She looked as if she bad just seen a- ghost. Neither did they observe the rustle of tbe anow-whiio ourtaina an, if some one; had burried}y psBsed behind them. Emilie, or, rather Amie— now that she ia in private life — then, lay on the bed appa rently, in ? troubled sjeep. She muttered Btrsqgej words now eptf strain, =and stirred as if some one was tonohinjr her and she were endeavouring to shrink away. Her faoe was very pale, and with her long dark hair lying loosely about the pillow, she looked ?adly beautiful. The dootor paused for a moment as he en tared the room. 'He ina'de a motion to D.ame Linloy to be. silent ; then he stepped lightly ;o the bed. He leant o»er and list ened to tbe rapid breathing. He passed bis. band several times through the bair of the Bleeping girl, muttering some words to him self as he did so. Slowly tbe quick, heavy breathing became subdued into a quiet, ordi nary respiration, and tbe face, which had formerly worn a slight expression of pain, assumed the calm appearanoe of one in a heavy slumber. Tho dootor paused, and he listened, again. He seemed to be satisfied. Turning to Mm. Linley he, said, '1 am rauoh- afraid. that, oar jouug friend bore is in a dangerous condition. I should have been summoned before.' 1 Ob, la, dootor, I hope the girl is not likely to die. Sbe is suoh a sweet darling, , doctor — if yoq only heard bar speak, or saw her eyes. I hope, 1 hope, she will reonver.' The dame's eyes began to fill with water as aba apok*. Toe doctor pulled oat his watch and looked at it solemnly as if he were making calculation as to tine, Suddenly he inquired, - Has she been long in this alesp, ?' ?No.' ' ???'? 1 How long V 1 About half an hour, perhaps.' 1 Humph I Upon this sleep will depend, in a great measure, the solution of the problem, whether aha is tpdie or not.' '-Poor child !' mnrmnred the dame. ' W« most watch awhile,' said tbe doctor as he seated bimielf by the bedside. Dame Linley also, took; a seat. Suddenly she remembered, something, and, bending over to the dootor, she whispered, 'Is she the person you took her (or ?' ? ? Yos. Hush !* 'The doctor laid bis firnjor upon his lips, and the dame was silent. Daring their con versation Susy had slipped; out of the room and down into 'the kitoben, where ehs in formed tbe rustics that 'a bad with a dirty laoe was up-stairs with missus, add was goidge to border the poor, young lady.' Bob informed her that it was the, dootor who had come to. see tKo. lady ; but Susy persiated that he was going to '.burdor ' her. The dootor tat by tbe bed, bis eyes, gleaming strangely, wje^e steadily fixed upon the pale faoe of the, sleeping girl. 'Dame Linley sat with' her. bands folded on her lap, turning , her ejea alternately upon the dootor and his patient. Amy made a alight, rest Jess motion. The doctor! again softly passed bis h«nd through her silken ? bair, and again all was still. The candles burned .with a sickly, leaden light, and tin breathings of the sleeper and the watchers were audible. Thus half an hour passed. The dootor, leant over to Dame Linley and whispered, 'She Kill wake presently ; will you leave us toge ther?' ? ?????-- ? - The dame, opened her eyes. ' Oh, yes; of course, doctor, if yon wish it.' ?Thank yon.1 The dame rose and walked slowly from the room with a puzzled expression of countehanoo. The dqofcot: was a ?irange man, surrly. ..She could not understand bim. ? Tbe door oloiqd, and the. dootor. was alone with his patiept. He rose to his feet, bis ?yea atill fixe.l upon the sleeper's face. 'Strange !' be muttered, ' that years twelve weary years, should pass in peaoe, and that now this girl should rise like the shadow . pf tain old wrong ?: to haunt' .one, :'to drag me to the 'eartb, 'when 'fluocess seems but to wait upon my own deoislon.' He still gazed uppruj.be sleepe'r'!a lace with that low, steady gase peouttar to him. ' ?No, Emily o.ould not orr ; there is danger threatening from that dark oload farbedk'in the past. *' He paused and appeared to be thinking earnestly of something associating with the past, for bis eyes wore that gloomy oxpros ?ion, of loabiup jnward. Sudd^ly be ; again fixed -his eyes' opoa the sleeper. 1 My power, is atill potent— let me see. Sbe herself will be my ?. best informant. She ia powerless to resist me.' ' 'His faoej assumed, a' bard, oom.manding ex pression, 'He passed bis hands slowly through tbe bait just abeve the girl's faoe. Whilst ho did so b'e muttorod seme words in ? low, firm voioe. Tho sleeper stirred sa if ?bout to wake; the fsoe^bedsrae troubled as if with pain ; tbe li a movod as if with an en deavor to apeak. Thn dootor continued to paas.his bands through iho bair and to mailer «m» uyatorious words. ^Slowly the expression of pain faded from' «? sleeper's oounteuncco, and a heotio flash illamined tbe oho«k(-. The lips ceased to move, and tbe form beoame Mill. Tho dootor bent over, and tombing the eyelids & J mi ,1' «finger« ht***°* opon them, at II muttering. Gently, and very qoietly, the eyelids parted, and tho Ayes goaed! straight into the doctor's faoe, wl^ » ? dull,:; dreamy look. The breathing seemed to oease almost entirely.; the stillness was pro found ; the light in the room waa weak and ghastly. The doctor spoke slowly, eabh word instinct and emphatic. (To be Continued.) 