1 GREAT WRONG; OR, THE MYSTERY OF BLACK MOLLOW ORANGE. CHAPTER X -(CoMxrauu).) * Lenore drew back with a stifled cry, half suffocated by the foul air that came rushing up. \- ' M An ugly sort of place, my dear," pro t "? y seeded Sir Geoffrey, M he replaced the pane], of it and you have not seen the worst of it. It is V? I as old dungeon in which the border chiefs used to bury their criminals when they were doomed to death by starvation. There are dead men's ghosts, and other loathsome things down there, Miss Trevethan I Such a place would not suit a dainty lady like you, who has been used to satin-hung boudoirs, o, my dear IN The revolting picture he had drawn made Lenore shudder. A "While my son and his supposed bride's a ka continued, " will be on their bridal tour, -v joy, my dear, will be there, where the dead men's bones moulder, dying a living death." The girl's lips quivered painfully, and a deadly faintness crept over her, but her glorious eyes still flashed indignantly. in the fact of the merciless guardian who'held i her life in his hands, in the face of his son, watching her with evil exultation, in the face \-- of this horrible death be had threatened, the law ' did not quail. "I say nothing, only what I have already. \- said, Sir Geoffrey, was her quiet answer. T The baronet chuckled incredulously. w ?? .. A life of luxury and pleasTTf, as my son's s wife, is certainly preferable to being buried alive, my dear, and you are too sensible a girl to waste an instant in deciding between the two. Come, now, take Richmond's arm, and let the marries proceed. Once that wife, at course, you give your word to keep silent touching to-night's adventures, and not another thing is required of you. If you and your bridegroom do not happen to find your selves very much in love after marriage, you will not be forced to bill and coo. You may set up separate establishments if you like, follow your own wills, had please yourselves as you fancy your fortune will warrant it." Once more the waiting bridegroom advanced to take his bride's hand. She turned upon him with haughty indig- nations if I had ever dreamed of obeying my poor father's will, if I had ever thought of becom- ing your wife, do you think I would do so now P* she cried. " I now know you both say you are, father and son, a pair of murderers ! I say again, as I said before, there is some mistake. You are not of the Trevethon race." Sir Geoffrey, gnashing his teeth in his anger, drew a dagger from his breast, and flashed it before her eyes. " Silence 1" he thundered, " or 111 drive it Mit deep into your heart." ' She faded his grasp and darted across the room, tore aside the tattered curtains, and shivered the glass in the window with a single blow of her dainty hand. M Murder murder !" she cried, her voice ringing like a veil vex trumpet above the clamor of the storm. The baronet and his son both burst into mocking laughter. " You may shout yourself hoarse," said her guardian, " but no one will hear you. Do not forget, Miss Trevethan, that you are in the Haunted Manor 1" The girl shuddered from head to foot, but i she put her face to the broken pane and cried out again " Murder i Murder 1" Sir Geoffrey strode across the room and clutched her arm. ? u " Come, we have had enough of this," he said, his face working with anger, his cruel { L fingers impressing themselves upon her arm.' i of Lenore Trevethan, for the last time I ask a : you, will you marry my son?" \- e, T*IwiUjiafj»Twae her unhesitating answer. &^jjf>^-ti_ ""* ASSET tíj7iá*i-A.víL6*- > is at CHAPTER XI. A WILD WBDDIKO-NIOHT. A wild night shutting down upon the Scots \- tish hills, and it is Ambrose Gerthart's wedding night. He stands in the door-way of his father's house, arrayed in his holiday garments-s tall, handsome youth, with an eye like an eagle's and the bearing of a prince, albeit he is the son of humble parents. His mother comes forward, with his heavy coat in her hands. .. It is high time you were off, my son," she says. " The dark comes swift these winter evenings, and the walk you have before you is long and dreary. So get thee gone, Ambrose ; it won't do to keep the little Isabel ' waiting on her wedding night." She is, or has been, a handsome woman in her time, this mother of the tall young mountaineer. She is tall and straight as a dart with shoeblack eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their youthful bloom. Her husband, Donald Gerhart, has led a seafaring life ever since their marriage, and Ambrose and his mother have been left a great deal to themselves, and are very tenderly attached to each other. Never but once has the mother been parted from her boy, and that was when be made a voyage to the J Spitsbergen coast with his father. She looks at him now with a curious mix \- ture of tenderness and regret in her dark eyes. * ."- "To-morrow he is to bring home his bride; and she takes him in her arms and kisses him tenderly, her dark eyes running over with tears. Ambrose gives her a hearty welcome inn i turn. "Good-by, mother. Heaven keep you safe until my return." He departs, and his mother and, in the door-way and watches him out of sight. " My brave lad," she muses, a curious, wistful look in her eyes ; " handsome, enough to "* be the king's son and wed with a princess. But Isabel's a bonny lass, and she'll bring him a snug little dowry, and shall be happy and prosperous. I could not part from him now. He is discontented sa it is, but if he knew his history she'd leave me and go round to the ends of the earth; and what would Donald say, after sailing the seas for a score of years, and hoarding gold for his only son Nay, nay" throwing up her hands with an impassioned gesture, " I cannot tell now ; I never can tell him. I've locked the secret in my heart, and I'll carry it with me to my grave." The night fell swiftly, and the storm gathered fury with every passing minute. The mother and father, the latter having returned soon after the departure of Ambrose, act before their blazing hearth and heard the wild riot of the blast. .. 'Tis a bitter night, Donald, said the wife, addressing her bronzed and deep chested husband. "I trust the lad will reach Feliside all safe. If he had only taken the collie along 1" Donald laughs derisively, as he rubs his hands together over the blaze. "As if the lad needed the collie wife J You think him a boy yet? Why, Ambrose could find his way blindfold, though the drifts be neck-deep. Never worry for him. He's safe at the Fellside by this time, and will soon be Isabel's husband." But at that self-same moment Ambrose stood panting and irresolute at the foot of a great snowclad peak. Surely he had lost his way, albeit he had roamed for years amid these wild Highland bills. He paused and looked about him with be- wildered eyes. The snow descended in swift whirling masses that almost took away his breath. There could be no doubt about it he had lost his way ! He should be down in the sheltered valley, and here he was climbing amid the storm-shaken hills. He must have been bewitched or bewildered, he thought, to have lost so unaccountably his way; he who had trod these hill-paths from his boyhood | he who had been in the habit of crossing these same wild moors every Saturday night, on his way to the Fellside farm I Standing amid the white, swirling drifts, with the thunder of the blast in his ears, in imagination he pictured the gay company gathering at the Fellside, and saw Isabel, in her white wedding robes, awaiting his coming. He had never been over anxious in regard to this marriage, though he was fond enough of isabel. The match was of his good mother's planning. Ambrose would never have dreamed of matrimony of his own will his desires and aspirations ran in quite a different way. From a lad he had been discontented, and longed to seek fame and fortune in foreign lands. Flocks and herds, and gold and silver" failed to satisfy his longing; but his mother's persuasions had kept him at the Highland home, and it was through her that he was ever brought to make love to Isabel and consent to a marriage with her, the prettiest lass in the country. As he thought of his bride awaiting him, he determined to strain every nerve, risk every danger, to reach the Fellside farm in time. He started on again at a brisk pace. great, gusty drift drove him back ; but he was on his feet again In an instant, and on his way ; he was resolved not to keep his bride and her weddiag-gaesta waiting. But the darkness deepened and the snow shut him in like a winding sheet. He paused a second time, and strained his eyes to pierce the gloom. He could just make out the dark hill line beyond which was Black Hollow Orange. He had wandered miles out of his way, for the Fellside farm nestled in a sheltered Hey far below. He turned to retrace his steps, when a timmering light came before his eye. It evidently gleamed from the window of the B hunted Manor. Ambrose stood and looked at it with bated breath and distended eyes. For years he had read these mountain paths, and never before had he seen a light in that abandoned and accused dwelling. What did it mean? It was an old, old place, this High- land manor, green with mould and over- grown with ivy, the home of bats and owls and ghosts, too, the simple hill- folk averred. Human creatures shudder as they passed its ponderous gates, and few dared set foot in its mouldering halls. He stood there, and a great owl fluttering down the stairway frightened him, here as he was, well-nigh out of his senses. He thought of it now, and of the old stories but had heard from the lips of the Highland games, as he fixed his eyes upon the glimmering light, and wondered if the murdered lady had come out of her grave to visit the manor this stormy night. But there was a little superstition in his nature, and he drew a deep breath and started on again, fancying that he was going toward the valley. But that twinkling light in the window of the Haunted Manor seemed to draw him upward with a strange power. For his life he could not keep his eyes from it, as he slowly struggled through the blind- ing snow. At last he fell, faint and breathless, and he rashly resolved to rest for a few moments. Gradually the white drifts covered him like a winding-sheet. A sweet, loving forgetfulness slowly stole ever him, and his eyes closed. Suddenly realising that to sleep was to die, he struggled to his feet. He stumbled on again, that glimmering light before his eyes. It was close at hand now and dated as he was, be fancied he was nearing; the Fellside farm, and saw the light shining from his bride's window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, until he fell again, his strength utterly gone. As he dropped upon the snow he clutched at some white, spectral thing which rose above the drifts. A chill of horror passed through him. He struggled to his feet, still clasping the spectral thing, and glaring about him with dilated eyes. To his amazement he- realises that, his footsteps have led him to the shunned precincts of the Black Hollow and a chill of horror creeps through his veins as he discovers that he stands beside the stone cross above the aniró^rédlady-s-grave.' - -- " Av hoarse cry breaks from his line. He relaxes his grasp of the ice-cold gravestone, and falls face downward in the snow. How long he lies there he never knows. A shrill cry of agony bring him to his senses woman's cry. Murder! Murder 1" Ambrose gains his feet, new life running through his chilled veins. The yellow light twinkles in plain view, and he makes his way toward it. He crosses the Black Hollow, climbs the snowy steep, and dashes through the open gate into the wide park. The old manor looms up distinctly before him, all its turrets and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling snow. "Murder! Murder I" Again that awful cry, shrill and wild, above the clamor of the storm. He looks up, and at the lighted window he sees a face. Only for an instant, that in that instant he recognises it as the face that has haunted his dreams since the hour he saw it in the moonlit valley below. White and wild with mortal agony and terror, it flashes upon him for a moment in the next it is gone, and the yellow light suddenly dis- appears. A great three of pain and rapture stirs his breast. Through the drifts he dashes on. He will save her, or die in the attempt. He teaches the terrace, and grapes along to the front entrance. The door swings on its hinges, and be dashes into the wide, windy hail. A blast like the breath of the grave meets him, chilling the blood in his veins. But he does not pause. He rashes on, and his hand is on the railing of the black stairway, when a last cry breaks the silence-a cry so piteous, so imploring, so fall of mortal terror and agony, that it brings an answer from his lips. Shouting until the vaulted arches ring with the echo of his voice, he goes leaping up the stairs ; but ere he reaches the first landing something clutches him a strong hand grapples his throat; a swift, sharp blade pierces him, and he is hurled headlong down the broad steps. Hardly aware of the extent of his injury, I bat conscious of his fast waning strength, I he struggles to his feet and staggers are and. I For only a few minutes he is able to keep his feet, and then he drops unconscious in the new. CHAPTER XII. "THERE'S KAUT A SLIP TWIXT THE CUP AND THE LIP." The old Fellside farm-house gleams with ruddy lights and rings with merriment. Great fires roar in every chimney, the old fashioned halls glow with warmth and comfort, and down the length of the oaken dining-room a long table extends, white with homespun damask, and all a-glitter with quaint china and silver, and laden with the tempting array of edibles. , In the main room the wedding guests are momentarily assembling, and in his arm- chair, on the right side of the blazing hearth, sits Squire Melville, master of the Fellside farm, and father of the bride. Pretty, dove-eyed Isabel, the youngest boys, and idol of her father's heart, is in her chamber, being arrayed for her marriage. The old man, sitting in his cosy corner, hears the patter of her light feet overhead, and a smile lights his round, rubicund face. How pretty she will look, he thinks, when she comes down in her white wedding robes. He has expended a round little sum on her outfit, just to please her the vain, childish thing, for he could well afford it, and Isabel was the apple of his eye. She was a babe when he buried her pretty young mother beneath the moorland glasses, and he has reared her through all the years of her young life in his very bosom, so to speak, and the is such a beauty, and so fond of pretty finery. ' " Hence Maud, her elder sister, was sent to c Edinburgh to purchase an unexceptionable | trousseau to please little Isabel, and to 5 reward her, in a measure, for being a good, 1 -obedient child, and accepting the husband is at her father's choosing. For be it known, Ambrose Gerhart was not the little moorland belle's sole lover. She had them by dozens, great, honest, lumbering fellows, who worshipped the very pod pressed by her dainty feet, and for not one of whom the little concert area a fire. But there was one, a young Englishman of whom she had grown very fond. He was down at his father's shooting box for the summer months, and chance drew him to the Fellside farm. A handsome, scholarly, thoroughbred gentleman was Arthur Mar- lowe, Sir Hereford Marlowe's only son and heir, a born aristocrat, with some of the bluest of British blood in his veins, and a rent-roll large enough to satisfy a prince. Moreover, he was the betrothed lover and elected husband of Lady Bianca Dris col. The engagement was of long standing ; a sort of family arrangement, in which the young heir expectant had no say whatever, but was called upon to obey the will and wish of his seniors. Hitherto, be had shown no unwillingness to obey, and had rendered a sort of passive homage to the patrician faces of Lady Bianca, heiress in her own right to a fortune of some twenty thousand pounds per annum. No small consideration truly, and Sir Hereford, a man of inordinate pride and ambition, entered into the negotiations touching the alliance, and had the preliminaries all arranged long before his son attained his majority. The Lady Bianca wore a sparkling engagement ring on her slim white finger, and was haughty and dignified, as became a peeress of her standing, her mind chiefly intent upon the acquisition of accomplish- ments requisite for the high station she was destined to fill. Meanwhile, young Arthur went through his university course at Oxford, and one autumn day fate took him to the Highlands, and the Fellside farm. He met little Isabel, and straightway did what he had never dreamed of doing before, affianced as he was, fell in love. The details are always the same the world over, with a little more or less romance, hence it will suffice to say that Arthur met the little moorland beauty, and loved her madly from the first. She loved him in return, or fancied she did, which was all the same, for she was a sweet, dove-like little thing, all heart to the tips of her pretty, dimpled fingers and the young Englishman was a bold and resolute women. When he asked her to be his own, forget- ful in the romance of his delirious dreamt, of those other chains that bound him, Isabel drooped her love eyes and hid her blushing cheek upon his shoulder, and answered Yes." But it turned out that the matter of Fell tide farm was made or sterner stuff than his pretty daughter, and when the baronet's son sought him a little later and requested his sanction to the engagement, he received for answer a prompt denial. " No, 'sir. What do you take me for, demanding my daughter's hand in this off- hand manner, and yon a lad barely out of knee-breeches f" " I - I am one-and-twenty," fallen Arthur, " and I love your daughter, sir, and the loves me I" The farmer's stern fact softened. "She does, eh? the little fool. Well, young man, I've no fault to find with you, and I don't care to make my little girl un- happy She is as good as she is pretty, and worthy to be the wife of the best man in England but there's a difference, you see, betwixt your family and mind. Your father is Sir Hereford Marlowe, Baronet, and I am plain Hugh Melville of Fellside farm ; not that I think myself one whit the worse for it, you understand. But I never did believe in making sparrow hawks with robins. No good ever comes of it and I've excellent prospects for Isabel. She can wed with one of the worthiest lads in the land, and some day she'll say the word. Bat pt like' étíctágn>---8Be^wen?t.say > its jaw that you're turned her silly brain with a your, nonsense:" S Y, " She never will, the," past Ashe biuoftttt ion,' indignantly. " She has given me all promise never to marry any man except my self 1" " Fudge 1 What does her promise amount to, or yours either, for that matter," laughed the farmer. "Both of you are too young to know your own minds. And let me tell you, sir, my little girl, pretty as she it won't take you. Yon 11 come into your title by and by. You should marry some stately lady lotted to your position. What will my little Isabel do in your grand house, amid all your lords and ladies 1 Why, she'd droop and fade like a mountain pink shut up in a hot-house; and in six months' time you'd feel ashamed of her, and regret your marriage. ?. No sir, never 1 1 love her too well for that," cried the young lover, excitedly. "No daughter of mine shall ever enter any family uninvited," the old man continued. "I'll tell you what I'll agree to Let your father, Sir Hereford Marlowe, send me a line, stating that he is willing that his son and heir shall wed my daughter and then, sir, if after twelve months' proba- tion, you and the lass still keep the same mind, you may marry at soon as you please. Now, that's fair enough, isn't it?" Arthur's countenance falls, and. be seeks Isabel, and complains sorely of her father's hard decree. But in the end he is forced to submit ; for when once his mind is made up the farmer is as immovable as one of the great oaks that flank his green meadows. The young man however, it madly in love and bent upon having the moorland beauty for his wife. He makes a flying visit to the ancestral mansion? Marlowe Hall ; seeks an interview with Sir Hereford, and with great trepidation and hesitation gets him to ander attend the nature of his wishes. You wish to break your engagement with Lady Bianca Driscol, and marry the daughter of a Scottish farmer?" Arthur bows, his heart beating too rapidly uO admit of words. The old baronet lays aside his gold spectacles, and taps his jewel- ed snuff-box with high- bred composure. .' Very well, sir," he answers deliberately, cut with an ominous gleam in his eye "you one of age next week, and can then do at sea likes Break with Lady Bianca and Harry this girl if you see fit but remember, lix," and he strikes the table with a force that makes the young man jump in his seat, . the day and hear you do it I cast you off for all time I have the power to do it, you know. The bare title will be yours at my death ; but not one rood of the Marlowe and, not one shilling of the Marlowe income j entailed. A word of mine can cut you off a beggar, and by Heaven, sir, the hour you break your engagement a beggar you shall be, and my curse shall follow you till my lying day. There, sir, you have my answer and since you request it, I'll send it over to your Scotch farmer by the next post-" Sir Hereford -keeps his word. When Arthur again visits the Fellside farm, which he does with all possible haste, he finds that his father's letter is ahead of him. Maud Isabella eldest sister, meets him, and usher him into the best room, where the squire receives him. " I have received your father's reply, sir," the offended farmer begins at once, " and no words are needed between us. If you are a man of honor you will leave my house at once, and never seek to see my daughter again t" Arthur tries to expostulate, but the squire whose pride is sorely hurt, cuts him short; and he departs without one glimpse of his charmer, and feeling like one stunned in her misery. He returns to Oxford and to his books angrily determined to forget ; but he finds it impossible. (To te eMfr*M¿.) The dark problem of evil does not surrender to science or to religion. The best men solve this problem of faith, and the wisest men here confess reason and knowledge are baffled. In the Art Gallery Farmer Giles : Them artists are pretty aged chaps, aren't they? Mrs. Farmer Giles : What makes you think so ? Farmer Giles The picture is signed Jones, 66\. a 