KING BILLY. MR. CHAMBERLAIN has made a statement, presumably inspired, that the West Austra- lian Government (probably because of the abolition of the old Imperial arrangement) intends to create a special department to protect the natives and distribute relief amongst them. It would be interesting to know on what occasion Mr. Chamberlain made this remark, and also why it was not included amongst the gushing public utterances of the 'West Australian Premier. And, by the 'way, it does seem worthy of note how completely all the Australian Premiers ignored our black brother. It was rather rough upon King Billy that he should have been so entirely left out in the cold. With regard, however, to the present cable about our neglected poor relation, there is in it something more between the lines. The West Australian Government has already some old existing arrangement with the Imperial Government, by which a cer- tain annual sum is set aside for the benefit of the aborigines. What this arrangement is no one seems to know exactly, only it is popularly supposed to already amount to a considerable sum, an. accumulation in fact. Whether this money actually stands in a bank to the credit of the aborigines, whether it is only vaguely considered owing, or whether, as might be expected, it has gone in free drinks (not to the blacks) and incidental expenses ; no one can be found who knows, or pretends to know. Probably when the matter comes to be inquired into it will be found that the accumulated fund has been expended in con- veying native prisoners to Rottnest and the funeral expenses of those who died on the road. Of the many thousands that are popu- larly supposed to lie to the credit of the aborigines, no use has yet been publicly made towards ameliorating their condition in any way. Does this oracular utterance of Mr. Chamberlain's mean that the fund, if it can be found, is going to be definitely used in some such way, or is a new scheme altogether to be started. It must be very comforting to the native of the Upper Ash- burton or King Leopold Ranges to know that such kindly intentions are being expressed about him, at banquets or other warm and comfortable places, but if something had been done before he would have-, appre- ciated the sentiment better. All that has been done so far has been to wipe him out of existence by various underhand means. None of the colonies have any cause to feel any other way but ashamed of themselves for their treatment of the aboriginal population of the land, but by far the most ashamed of all should be West Australia. Queensland honestly organised a force to go out on the warpath in the outside country, and much odium has been heaped upon her for it. But West Australians went about the process of extermination in a more underhand manner. They incurred no public reproach ; their laws were framed ostensibly to protect the poor black. But they so harried him with their protection by chaining him neck and neck and driving him away from his dis- trict to confinement on Rottnest Island, and by their aboriginal employment regulations, which made him substantially if not theoretically a slave, that his exter- mination has gone ahead just as fast as anywhere else. But it has been done in a Pecksniffian fashion that left no bad odor of Snider cartridges. It is, to be most sincerely hoped that something more than empty banquet utterances lies behind this. If the ghost of King Billy could have appeared at one of the Jubilee feasts all the Australian Premiere present should have been filled with shame and contrition. 