tie norma of biddy. Remember Biddy t Why yes, I should rather think I da 1 She was with us when . wo were stationed at Liverpool, and had yon comfortable house-1 in Princes- road. She waseno of the nicest- servants I havb evor had. Besides being a good cook, she kept everything; in apple-pie order, and gat on eo well with the other. domestics.. Ah, she wue a perfect treasure 1 lb woe an . ill day for mo whon Biddy emilod. Yes, we tookBfddy.with us-when wowere.trans- ferred-ifrom Cork. She never bothered about night's. out) or holidays. If » she got dub once a week-to early- mass, .from which > she was always -homo in time to proparo. eight o'olock breakfast, and once to chapel' On Sunday, she was content and' happy. . Jim had gob his leave, and was going-north - for a big shoot - at Barneloee, and I had arranged 'to have painters in to do up the drawing-room during his absence, when Biddy asked if sho could have i a week's holiday to go down to Cork to visit her own people, and attend her cldeib brother's wedding-at Cnrrigaline. "Sure, mem, if ib was to bo after puttiog ye about at all it's not for going I would be, bub seein' the master is to be away, nud thim painters comin' messio' around, so as ye oan'b have a bit o' ducent company to divert yoursilf, thinks I to meself, " Sure, Biddy, just ax the missus. If it is nob to her mind she can but refuse for Bure.' " I wne only too pleased that things fitted in so well, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for ten days. Therefore, imagine my surprise when just that day week, Janet, our tall, prim Scotch table-maid openedthe morning- room door, und said : " £ leaso, mem, here's Biddy I " I was surprised to see the ghost of a smile hover -around Janet's lips, a mosb- unuBua occurrence, as Janet was nob givon to mirth. There, euro enough, stood Biddy, be-- deoked in a eky-bluo silk gown, a black velvot mantle, beautifully bespangled with goe-gaws, and, crowning all, a - bonnet gorgeous to behold, with ribbone the colour of the rainbow and a perfecb garden of rosee of - divors hues, while above them wigglod a bird of paradise. For a moment 1 gazed in nntonishmont ; then I said -. " Well, Biddy, you aro what the Scotch call ' unco' braw ' ! I hope that you havo enjoyed yourself. We did nob expect you bofore Friday. Ib was goedof you to come back as soon as you could ! " " Pluse, mem, I've not come back," said Biddy, banging her head on one side, and looking very red and rather guilty. " Nob come hack 1" I cried, laughing. " Why, Biddy, it's a solf-evidenb foot that you lmvo come back 1" " Yes, mem," sayB Biddy, meekly ; but. not to stop, if yo plueo." " Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy 1" asked I, utterly at a loss. Biddy looked down at the floor, then up at the ceiling, and then down at the floor onco more ; twisted a voluminous white muetin poekab handkerchief— much be- starched — into a round bnll ae if she were making dumplings, then blurted out the astounding information : " Sure, mom, 'I can't stop wid you, fori have tuok a man 1" " Took a man I Biddy, do you mean to. tell me you have gone and got married 1" " Yes, if yo plane, mem." And Biddy looked prepared to dissolve into tears. " Biddy," said I wrathfully, " I am die- appointed in you 1 To go and deceive me in thia way I Why did you hot honestly tell me you were gotting married t I aould have been looking out for someone to fill your place." " Oil, mem ! I never wont for to decave ye. ' No, plase hear me. Sure, I gob married unbeknown-like to meself." " Nonsense, Biddy 1 You should be ashamed of yourself," said I, angrily. " By ail the blessed saints it's the truth I am after telling ye, mem ! Sure, I never seed Terence O'Malloy bofore I left this bouse lost week, as euro as pigs is pigs I" There was no doubting tho girl. She was downright in earnest. "Come, then ; sib down and explain mattere, Biddy." " Yes, mem, and thank ye kindly." And Biddy mopped her eyes and the whole of her good-hnmonred counbonanco, and commenced : " Sure, then, I was just after taking me ticket for Cork, ana some rough, course drover-boys were squeezing me out of their road— bad luck to their ill-manners I — when a well- pub-on young man uforomo, eays ho, ' Young womnD, here yo are ; Blip In and bo after gobtin' yor ticket, and I'll keep they cattle boys off ye !' Sure, glad was I to do ae ho bid ; und us I gathered up me obungo 1 looks over me shoulder. ' Thank ye kindly,' said I, wid u smile. Sure, could I do less, I axe ye, mem 1" " No— oh, no." " ' Sure, then,' Bays ho, ab my buck, ' I like your smile, ' eays ho. " So I looks rouud, and I smiled agin I " Ye bo going to Oork,' says he. " ' tor sure,' says I. \ " « So is meself,' eays bo. . " 'Indeed,' eaye I. " ' Yes ; thonon to Cnrrigaline,' eaye he.. " ' Iodeed !' soys I. " ' To mo sister's widdin'. She is gettin' one Mat McKeen,' " Never 1' says I. : " ' For sure,', says he. " ' Why, he is me brudder,' soya I. " ' Never,' says be. Yes I' says I. " ' Shako bunds I' lays Jie. "'With pleasure,' says I. And sure, now, is nob that ull about it, mem t We was married yesterday." 