THOMAS JARVIS INTERVIEWED. On Thursday afternoon, our representative made his way to the humble . home, of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, .43 Crown-lane, Ultimo. : He wus discovered nursing a two year-old baby, and his'fuce declared liiin to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He wus up und about and able to answer the knock nt the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of n critical illness, and a period of pniu it was very clear tliut he was an invalid ou the rapid road to convalescence. Iu reply to the preliminary . questions, he said : ' You want to know all about my ease? Well, I am glnd of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may bo of value to those who are stricken as I was.' ' How long were you suffering?' 'Well, twelve mouths ago I got so bad that I had to ' T.EAVK OFF WOltK, and I linve done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, 1 met with an accident:; 1 was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt-street, Sydney. Since the acci dent I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady, I was forced to give up my billot at the Glebe Island abattoirs.' ' What were the symptoms?'. 'Simply indescribable. ' The pains wero something terrible. They were just about us much as I could bear. They were for all the world like as if a SAW WERE CUTTINU MY BONES, in two in every part of ihe. I had no- control over my bowels or bladder, und was a uuis unce to myself nnd everyone else. I was in cessantly shivering and shaking, iind could neither eat nor sleep. On the 23rd March last I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hopeless. ? However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charit able Institutions.' ' Did you make use of the order ?' ' No ; I came home und went to . bed, nnd havo been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I could not walk across the floor ; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was : A/jfj OVER WITH ME, and only a question of days wiieu I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did ull he could, by opium and morphia, pills, to ease the agony I wiis in. I wus under liiin for five weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progressive locomotor ataxy, a diseuse of the spinal cord characterised by peculiar dis turbances of gait, und difficulty in coordinat ing voluntary movements. He told me that I might Inst for ten years, und that I might never get the use oi my legs. (Just then tlie patient kicked liis legs about witli energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp at a straw, I grasped at nn idea conveyed by the udvertiseinent describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-mnker in Eng land, which I read in the Australian Workman by Dr. Williums' Pink Pills for Pale People/ I read iu tho advertisement of n case which seemed to fit my own. I determined to give the Pink Pills a trial any Way, and SENT Foil A 1IOX. The effect was as marvellous as it was magicaL I was able to eat and steep as though nothing was the matter with ine. It was the first appetite and rest I had for. many a day. It was mcredihlc. . 1 immediately left the bed aiid was itble to movo about. I have taken four boxes of pink Pills during the past four weeks, und mn now tnking the fifth box. I CAN WALK AllOUT with the aid of u stick, and umgraduully, but surely, recovering, my former vigor and vi tality. You see tlioso crutches there? They are perfectly new, und I have never used them. They were made for me before I got the I'iuk Pills, but .1 was too weak to use them. All I waut is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining iny strength.' ' He is 100 per cent, better,' said Mrs. Jurvis, who had come in and taken tho baby on her knees.' 'The Pink Pills have SAVED HIS LIFE, . and made iinothor man of liiin.' A friend who called In at this poiut, said that' Jarvis looked 17 years younger that day than he, did a fortnight previously. ' I cun now,' continued Jarvis, ' have a -cold bath, und ull the feeling has come back iu my legs. If I keep on going the' way I am, I hope to lie nhlo to work in two. months' lime. I feci that I shall then ho well enough to resume work as a boiler-maker, and you know I have to be in the. very pink of health aiid strength to work at tlmt trade. I tun ! ? lliiTTKK TO-DAY ? that) 1 linve been at any time during tho post five ye'iira. I ascribe all Ihe uhange and benefit to these . Pink Pills. They have saved my life. I am in no pain uow, whatever, 'and feel liko a new man. On tho inontelpiece there iB a box of Ol'lUM AND MORPHIA pills which the doctor gave i.nc to deaden the excruciating pain. But thoy can stay where they are, for I no longer need them. Every body who knows mo lias been amazed nt the cluingo in inc. Thoy can Hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here. ' Having wished Mr. Jarvis continued speed towards recovery our .representative with drew. 