St.?JOHN'S OURCUH OF ENGLAND INDUCTIsN OF THE REV. J. 13. JOHNSTONE. There was a large congregation at St. John's church, Horsham,; on Tuesday even oing, to witness the induction of the Rev. J. .Tohustone to his charge, he heinog the suc cessor of the Rev. T. J. Bentley, who has been preferred to Port Fairy. The clergyman was instituted by Canon Hayman, of Stawell, in the absence of the Bishop. The sectetary of the church (Mr. T. De B. Twycross) readl the mandate from the Bishop, outhorising the Canon to perform the induction, which was mostsolemnlyput into effect, the ordinary form of service being observed throughout. The license for the newly-appointed clergy. man having been produced and read by thel secretary, it was delivered to the vicar by the Canon, accompanied by a verbal exhorta. tion to "' be a faithful minister of God's holy word and sacraments and a faith. ful pastor under the great Shepherd of souls." Having reiterated Sd. Paul's words to the Thessalonians, "to know them which are over them in the Lord and esteeml them very highly in love for their work's sake, and be at peace amongst them. selves,"' the Canon charged and exhorted the congregation to pray forand assist the vicar zealously and lovingly in all the duties of his holy calling. Silent prayer was indulged in by the congregation, invoking the blessing of the great Shepherd upon the vicar and the church, followed by the hearty singing of 'oeni Creator,'imploring unction front above. The Psaltns selected were the 6:2nd, 1Vosee Deo; 121st, Levari oculos ; and the 132od, .femesto domine, which were very appro priate to the occasion, as also were thle two eriptural lessons, the first of which was read by Mr. Jessop, of Dinmboola, and the latter by the Canon. The collects and prayers were devouslyrepeated,and Troylc's chant wasc fervently rendered, the choir being well represented. Canon Hayman's induction address, which was delivered with earnestness, and plainly set forth the obligations of the vicar and his flock to each other, wias based upon the 28th verse of the 20th chapter of Acts, "' Tke heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, ovwr which the Holy Ghost hath made you over seers, to feed the church of God which He hath purchlbed withHis own blood." There was no title, said the preacher, more strik: ing than that of the Good Shepherd, which embraced those of Prophet Priest and King also. In scispture and in painting the pic. ture of Christ as the Shepherd of the flock had been clearly pourtrayed, and it had heen graven upon the life of thechurch. Ily Isaiah and Ezekiel Christ was referred to as the Shepherd of the sheep, and it was to seek the lost sheep that He left Heaven. To.day Christ deputed the work of minister, ing to His flock to under shepherds, and ex horted them "to take heed unto themselves and unto all the flock." That evening they had met for the solemn purpose of induct ing a leader over them, a service whichi was usually performed by the chief under shepherd-the Bishop-who was uisble to he presenton that occasion. To the newly inducted vicar he would say " Take heed unto yourself and to all the flock."' The clergyman owed a duty to himself us well as to his congregation-a good esample was essential, and be must diligently watch his walk before the flock and let his calling be more than a mere profession. The vicar would see the need of keeping fresh in his work and guarding the interests of the flock continually, feeding the sheep and leading them into green pastures. The clergyman's work was to save souls, and to do this he needed to bring all his gifts into full play. Nowaday they had to strain their utmost and concentrate alltheir powers in the world. Intensity was the requisite element, and what was re quired in the secular profession was also needed in the ministry. The vicar had to give heed to all the flock-not to ally section thereof or clique- to the poor as well as the more prosperous, antl was to be the consoler and guide ofl[all. If he spent mtuch time with the church workers it was because they were workers, andil his position did lot deprive him of having personal friends. The poor parishioner,hovwever,was ae much entitled to a hearty handshake anti smile as his richer brotherorsister. Their newvicar was no respecter of persons, iut woult tend to the requirementoof all, closely allying himself to them. While the office of vicar was one of uequestioned dignity, he musto not stand too much upon it, but mustbe in touch and sym pathy with his lock. People in Victoria were slow toshow respect to an olice apart from the one who fulfilled it. The vicar was the representative of Him who sent forth the preachers, and he should lead the flock into green pastures, and persuaide the members to attend church regularly. How could they be fed if they did notcome to the sanctuary where the food was dispensed ! It was also the duty of the vicar to visit the members of the flock and bring thie erring ones closer into the fold. Hlcshould exercisecere in the preparation of his sermons, hut not dis regardl the fact that public oratory cannot atone fur the lack ,f pastoral visitation. The asettlol should be suitable to all and easily of appropriati"i ; one particular word or sentence may penelrate one man's ear and find a lodging place in the heart. That was the Good Shepherd using the cry of an under shepherd to bring back the sheep. The vicar should be a man of tact. Of all gifts needed tact was one of the cardinal-tact in healitng wounds, ancoding differences and the avoid ance -of offenuce. The injunction, "Feed my lambs," given Iby Christ to Peter was equally as biuding as that of " Feed my sheep," and the Sunday Schtmol should be well attended to and its interests uarded and advanced. It was also highly desirable that the clergyman should be the chairman 'of-the managing body of the church and co.ouperate with his lay oficers and see that no barriers were erected dr the work of the church hindered. The initial duty of the congregation was to show its loyalty by regularity of worship. He Ithe speaker) inquired whether they were not inclined to manifest indifference to the green pastures that had been opened unto them, and look towards the outside pas tures. As a congregation were they feeding upon the green pastures which it was their privilege to do from Sunday to Sunday ? The present was an admirable opportunity to make a freash start and cheer their viar. The communicants should not hold back till they knew more of the vicar,but should come forward and rally round him. The The second obligation of the congregation towards the vicar was consideration, the spirit of which was urgently needed. Tnc clergy were men not angels, although often they were expected to be thle latter. They had their shortcomings and limitations and could not always speak the right word, and their vicar would not claim immunity froe, the general trend of human nature in this respect. He hoped the congregation would be the vicar's friends and not his critics. If they had a difference they should visit him and rectify it instead of talking about it to their neighbors, as by so doing the preacher's influence was weakened. After further connselling the congregation in re gard to their treatmcnt of the vicar's short comings. which naturally might be mani fested from time to time, the speaker appealed to the congregation to be liberal in their offerings. He'was aware of the effect of the depression during which many gave as much as they could, and in some in stances, perhaps, motre than could be ex pected of them. Yet it must be remembered that nothing crippled a minister in his work more than anxiety regarding his stipend. They should not ask how little he could do with and fix the stipend accordingly, but rather give him a salary that would enable him to perform his functions as a clergy man and place him above anxiety. In con clusion he reminded them of the twofold significance of that day. Firstly it was St. Peter's day, who had been commissioned by Christ to feed His sheep and His lambs, and secondly it was the jubilee of their church in Victoria. It was a very appropriate time for the induction of their vicar to presirlde over the flock and tend the sheep and lambs, and must be an inspiration to him. Also for the congregation it would be an inspiration to know that on the 29th of June, 1847-50 years ago that day -Charles Perry was appointed the first Bishop of Mlelbourne, and he hoped that the inspiration would result in the unity of the pulpit and pew at all times, which would produce harmony in their church. 