A SYDNEY MIRACLE. INTESTIGATION fIY A REPORTER. Tas IsrrEUSTNo CasIs oP MR. THOMAs JARvIS, WnO SAYs TuAT A FEW WEEKSI AGO HE wA c'RIrPrLD--PARTLjLLy PARALYZED SUF5ZaitNo FROM LOCOHOTonATAUIA,AaD HRLPL.EBS. DOCTORS, HOSPITAL AuTHO RITIES, AND EVERYONE SAID liE MUST DIe AS HISl CASE WAS HOPELESs. IrTTI tEY atRE MISTAKEN. TO-DAY IE IS A NEW SMAN, FULL of LIFE AYD ENEROf, Is i cUTCiHES IE HAS THROWN AWAY, HIS DEAd LIMs hAVE LItE, mS A?PerITr HAS RETUIRNED, AND, IN FACT, HE HAS A Nzw LEASE OF LIFE OUT and OrT. SSo much interest has been shown by our readersin this marvellous case that we have published the facts again as they appeared Dm the Austalsian Workman a few weeks : One afternoon our representative made his way to the home of nMr. Thomas Jarvis, 4i Crown-lane, Ultimo. He was discovered Snursing a two-year old baby, and his face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. He was up and about and able to answer the knock at the door. -In reply to the preliminary questions, he said: "You want to know all about my case Well.'I am glad of an opportunity.to tell you. The facts may be of value to thiise who are stricken as I was." " How long were you suffering ?" "Well, twelve months ago Igot so bad that I had to leave off work, and I have done'nothing since then. About fivre years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident. I was badly scalded while taking a bath in -,Pitt-atreet, Sydney. Since. the accident I have been in failing health and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to giie up my billet at the Glehe Island." " What were the symptoms ?' "Simply indescribable. The pains were something terrible. They were just about as much as I could boar. They were for all the world as if a sa w were cutting my bones in twoin every part of nme. I had no con trol over my bowels and bladder, and was a nuisance to myse!f and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat or. sleep. On thle 23rd March last'I saw a well-known doctor, and he told me that my case was utterly hope less. - However, he gave me an order to the Director of Charitable Institutions." " )id you make use of the order ?:' " No; I camehome and went tn bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Fime weeks ago I could not walk across the floor; in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felt then that it was all over with me. and only a question of days when I wou'd give up the ghost. My doctor was attendingme, anl didall he codid, by opium and morphia pills, to ease the agony I was in. I was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the couclusion that I was suffering from locomotor ataxia, or progressive locomotor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, charac terised by peculiar disturbances of gait and difficulty min co- ordinating voluntary move ments. He told me that I might last for ten years, and that I might never get the use of mny legs. (Just thtn the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not-infial:ible.) \ ell, just asa drowning man willecatch at a straw I grasped at an idea conveyed by the adver tisement describing the cure effected in the case of another boiler-maker in England, which I read in the Awustrelan We'o kman, by Dr- Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People. I[read in the advertisement of a case which seemed to fit my own. Idetermined to give the Phik Pills a trial anyway, and 'sent for a box. The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I wans able to eat and s:leep as though nothing was the matter with me. It was the first appetite and rest I had for many a day. It was incredible. I imme diately 'left the bed and was able to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the last four weeks, and am now takingthe .fith box. I can walk about with the aid of a stick, and am gradually, but surely," recovering my- former vigour and vitality. You see these crutches here? They were made for me before I got Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, but I was too weak to use them- and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I hope soon to do without it: You see I am rapidly regain ing my strength. He is 100 per cent. better," said Mrs. Janrvis, who had come in an taken the baby on her knees. "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have saved his life, and made another man of him." A friend who called in at this point, said that larris looked ten years younger that day than he did a fortnight previously. \- "I can now," continual Jarvis, "have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am. I h,.pe to be able to Iesume work as a boiler-nmaker, and you know I have to be in the very pink of health and strength to work at that trade. I am better to-day than I tavo been at any time during the past five years. In ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink.Pills They have saved my life. I anm in no pain now, whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece there is a box of opium and morphia pills which the doctor gave me to deaden the ex eruciating pain. But they can stay where they are, for I no lorger need them. Everybody who knows me has been amazed at the change in me. They can hardly be lieve their eyes. My being about again has caused quite a sensation out here." Such is the remarkable history, and con firms what is said in all the chief newspapers of this country of the astonishing cures wrought by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale.'eople. They cure locomotor ataxy, ipartial paralhsis, and spinal disease, also the many disortlers which arise from an im poverished state of the blood, such as an:emlia, pale and sallow' complexion, general muscular weakness, indigestion, loss of appetite, shlortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, &c.; These pills are a tonic, not a purgative. They are genuine only with thie full name, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and s iare so!l, by chemists and storekeepers generally, or the Dr. \\\'illiams' Medicine C'ompamv, Queen's Phace, Sydney, will for ward on receipt of stamps or post order one box for 2s 9Ji, or half-docen for 14a 9d. 