THE GERMAN GHOST, The chairman of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company is a patriotic jewel of the first water, and he annually displays his great anxiety for the salvation of the country from the ruthless hands of those destroying angels, the freetraders. In his address to the shareholders of his company on Friday he once more de plored the ruin of the sugar industry in this colony which was being brought about by the fiscal Dolicv of the -nraRmit. Government, and he took it for granted that the fiscal iconoclasts would sing hallelujahs and rejoice because of thj impetus their policy was giving to bounty fed German sugar. This is another of the German hobgoblins, Whenever it is necessary to scare the taxpayers the cry against importation of things ' made in Germany ' is sure to be raised. Of all impostures thia is one against which the taxpayers need to be warned The German sugar imported into this colony is merely nominal— £306 worth in 1894 out of a total importation of £660,000 worth, and that raw sugar brought here to help find employment for Mr, Knox's refining monopoly, and to help in contributing to its shareholders over £170,000 per annum profit. This company is the largest importer of sugar into this colony; and in 1894 Queensland plantations alone contributed nearly half a million pounds worth of raw sugar, from which the new policy is to remove the import duty of 5/- per cwt. A pro tectionist duty is always asked ostensibly for the establishment of an industry ; but Mr. Knox asks that his huge monopolistic industry, which has been established for a generation, should be permanently subsidised. To give the Colonial Sugar Eefining Company free markets all through Australia should be an immense advantage ; and no one knows that better than Mr. Knox. Seeing that the other colonies than this one and Queensland are non-producers of sugar, there should be no obstaole in the way of accomplishing that object. Victoria, South, Australia, Western Australia, and the other colonies have no sugar industries to maintain, as they are importers, not producers ; and our Government should have no difficulty in inducing the neighbouring Governments to abolish the sugar duties, which should be a direct benefit to the planters of the two naturally producing colonies. But the fact should be patent to the taxpayers that Mr, J£nox wants the dutips retained as a protection to his company's huge refining plants; and, so far as he is concerned, the fiscal policy may punish the producers and all the many manu factories and consumers of sugar throughout the country: and sugar enters so extensively into the require ments of the factories, the people, and '^»e ponies of the poorest of the citizens that it is * heavy penalty that is inflicted by the enormous u !ltv of 33 Per ee»f. *- the customs and of 50 to ?Q per cent, to the consumers, This permanent sub sidising—not the sugar industry as attached to the soil, but that of the refiners in the cities, who are large importers of the raw material to. compete with our producers, is expected in the face of a most flourishing state of things for the company, as shown in the follow* ing facts of the report submitted to the shareholders: — That the profits made during the half- year, after providing for interest and all other charges, amounted ' ,to £85,472/13/11, to which sum had to be added -the' balance at profit and loss account on September 30, 1896, of £88,746/10/2, leaving avaiable only £174,219/4/1 ! From this amount the board propose to appropriate £b5,100 to payment of dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, free of income tax, leaving to the credit of profit and loss account £89,119/4/1. The quantity of sugar produced at the mills during the paotseason was considerably larger than that made in any previous year, and it was hoped that; the yield for 1896 woulu be exceeded in 1897, deupita the injury to the cane caused by liie prevailing drought. Throughout the half-year the demand for refined sugar had b&en; satisfactory, and the refineries are uow fully supplied with raw sugars until the ooming crop is available, These results were accomplished in spite. or tlie low range or prices tor sugar, the increase of bounties in the conciaekital countries which Mr, Knox affects to fear, and tb.8 slackness of trade in this colony during the iaefc ojz monthB ! We have traversed the statements of tho report and of tho chairman, In the face of these facts there should be no occasion to exp'-ct the decline ul -he sugar industry. If the great .monopolist company attempt to punish the producers, the latter will be able to defend themselves, and the Government shonld be ready, if neces sary, to assist them in doing so. This company are like the protectionist millers of the cities, who are the great importers of wheat, and who eeem to be regarded by wheat groweis in this colony, comically enough, as their champions, People do not import raw breadatuffs : the millers of the city do. Just so, people do not import raw sugar: Mr Knox and his friends do ; and then pose as the friends of the planters ! The planters and the wheat growers become the dupes of the manufacturers if they do not combine and protect themselves. Death —We have to report the death of Mr ilatthew Quinlan, selector, of Younjr Temora road, near Narraburra, through heart disease. Deceased leaves a widow and five children. He was a son of Mrs. Patrick Quin-an of this borough ; and he wiU be remembered as a umu of exceptionally sterling qualities, whose name is held in high respect by many people who knew him. Postal Delivery — Our postma-ter and his assistants are s-i courteous and obliging that- people are slow to complain of any inconvenience . or delay : but we. are re quested to urge that the delivery of mails mLhfc be facilitated. The morning post ought to be d~livered n--t later than 9 o'clock. Per the Yale bo s es people are able to get their post by 7.30. yet others within a couple hundred yards of the office do n- t get their deliveries till 9 30 and even 10 o clock. If the sb^fE is deficient in strength, application could be made for its .ncrease SUDDEN DEATH. — The townspeople were very much shocked to hear of the sudden death of Mrs Joseph Corby, of Stockin- bingal; and friends of the deceased lady who always regarded her as in the pink of sound health could hardly credit the report. It appears that she was being dressed, some ten days afterher accouchement, when she exclaimed to her nurse that she felt a severe pain in her side, and lay back and expired ! Deceased leaves ten children; and we feel sure the warmest sympathy is felt for Mr. Corby in his bereavement. Her remains were followed on Monday from Stochin- bingal to the Cootamundra cemetery by a large number of friends and people of the district. Mrs. Corby was one of the Crisp family of the Murrumburrah district, and was a sister of Mrs George Barnes and Mrs. Hutchison of that district, of Mrs E. Perkins Yeo Yeo, Mrs. George Troy, Wal- lendbeen, and of Mrs. Willie Corby, Jindalee ; and she was a daughter-in-law of Mr. W. Corby, sen. Jindalee. Tenders wanted for wood. A new biitchery has been opened by Young and Watmore. Note their advt. '? Blow for Blow '. to-night Don't miss it on any account pood ! ? Half -Holiday social next Tuesday night. Admission by tic et. Parochial social in the r'hurch of Bng*' land schoolroom on Friday nighfc next. Mr. O. J. jDuTn. the auctioneer of Murrumburrah* announce* another impor tant sale in the Wallendbeen district— at Mr. P. H. Kennedy's. 'Koompartoo.' Bead the* catalogue. It will be seen that ofcher owners may have sfcocx entered for this sale The Rishop of Sydney, the Right Eev W. Saumarez Smith, D.D , arrived in Lon don on Thursday to ta;- e p.irt in the proceed ings of the Lambeth Con erenoe. The Premier will leave Sydney by the express on Friday evening for Melbourne. He will spend Saturday, Sunday, and Mon day in the Victorian capital, leavng there on Mond-y afternoon. He will reach Adelaide on Tuesday morning and catch tho Orizaba afc Large Bay en route for England. Mrs. Reid -will accompany the Premier as far as A4Pf*i4de In reference to fche T/iohborne q^sq- % j^y now residing at Albury remembers Ores. well when . she lived at Tumufc 30 years ago, She sayg he was engaged in butchering locally, and was supposed pp toe $u ecpentno character, but close observers recognised in him a man of superior character and educa tion He had a line military bearing and pulfcured style of address, but invariably avoided djlspu^efng Mmejplf or past history. She saysshe would be able to reopgrn'se t^e man again. A Riveriua wedding had a rather lively term-nation recently, reports the Finley Free. Press. The bride was young and very handsome in her w ddi,^ finery; the groom was amiddle*a,.-ed, stern^browed, hard-fisted individual, with a squint and a large area of baldness. Th* best man was young and somewhat fascinating, with a bold and drooping, straw-coloured moustache When the ceremony was through and it only remained for the bridegroom to kiss the bride, the former seemed unaware of what w s expected of him. and failed to come up fc.o jtime, whereupon the best man promptly stopped' iu, jjOD* the blushing bride to bis Blnrfc.froufc, aud planted a hard and i'asp kiss jusc whnre it «ould do tlie nios'p goad. 1'h.o elderly groom was flabbergasted for a moment. Then he aaid, - » WqH , I'm —^ I ' and drawing off he landed the best man rvght on the bridge of his imperious Roman nose, fetching him down with the usual dali^ sicconing thud and giving him two lovely black eyes. The curtain falls ou a tableau-clergyman and bride's L.rojker and futher holding back the infuriated groom and trying to soothe him with soft words' bride in a picturesque fit on the bosom of per iftQthor, an-i two '-ind friends leading out tfcu tomd mi totted, best man, v 