GlATIA'S TRIALS. BT LUCY BANDALL COMFORT. . .i O CHAPTER XXXV.-( C£ontinuod.) 'You are very kind,' said Alicia, " but we were there yesterday, and I believe Lady Chichester has some other plans for this afternoon. I scarcely think she can have received your cards. Gratia,' turning suddenly round, ' will you be so kind as to knock at Lady Chichester's door and ask her to join me here ?' For an instant Gratia sat perfectly still, her heart throbbing tumul tuously. *'Then, resolving to face whatever fate might be in store, she rose, and putting aside the draperies which had hitherto shielded her from observae ·tion, crossed the room, and passed through the door opposite, in full view of Alberta Falconer's observant eyes. The instant the door closed behind her retreating figure, Mis Falconer shrew up her hands with a gesture of horror and amazement. 'My dear Miss Melworth,' she ex \- claimed, in a faint voice, 'Do you know who that girl is ?' 'L It is my cbmpanion, Gratia Kemp. geld,' Alicia answered with wide-open eyes of siurprise; 'a charming young person.' Mrs. and'Miss Falconer exchanged looks of dismay. 'It cannot be possible that she had thus ventured to impose upon people. She would not dare !' cried the elder lady. 'I am at a loss to comprehend you,' madam,' said Alicia, with dignity. ' My dear young lady,' began Mrs. Falconer, with a tender air of maternal co?ncern, 'I am sure you cannot be aware what a poisonous asp you are cherishing in your bosom.' 'What can you mean, Mrs. Fal coner ?' demanded Alicia, beginning to be alarmed. - 'That girl-that Gratia Kempfield,' began Mrs. Falconer, ' is--' ' A murderess!' hissed out Alberta, completing her mother's sentence, in an awe-stricken whisper. 'It is impossible!' cried Alicia, growing very pale. 'It is not only possible, but it is true, as I can prove to you by credit able witnesses,' assorted Mrs. Fal coner. 'My dear, it makes me tremble to think to what hideous langers you have been exposed. Do not keep her under your roof for another day, if you value your own life and the lives of those around you.' 'But I cannot-I will not believe this!' said Miss Melworth, looking wistfully from Mrs. Falconer to Alberta. 'You will when you hear the whole story of crime and rapacity,' said Alberta. 'It was my uncle whom she murdered-a noble, grey-haired old man, whose only fault or folly was that he had become infatuated with her doll-like beauty. Ask her your self and see if she dares deny it.' As Alberta spoke the waiter knocked at the door. 'Lady Chichester's compliments,' he said, obsequiously; 'and she will be here directly.' 'There!' cried Mrs. Falconer, as if her tidinge had confirmation strong. I knew she would not dare to return. She recognised us, you see.' 'But this is all so visionary-so impossible!' cried Alicia, rousing her self with an effort,' that I am sure a word or two of explanation must con vince you of the misapprehension under which you have fallen. James'-to the waiter-' ask Miss Kempfield to come to me at once.' Gratia was lying on her bed, with her face hidden among the pillows, when the message was brought to her by "ames. ' Shall I go to her ?' Gratia asked herself, with a sinking heart and a face whose pallor surprised and startled even herself, as she caught its chance reflection in the opposite dressing.glass. 'Aftor all, wlhy should I not ? What else is there left for me tqo do? Only, I had learned to love her so dearly, and when she casts me off, I shall not have a friend left in the world.' And so, feeling like a lost spirit who wanders by the side of its own grave, Gratia went down to obey Miss Melworth's summons. As she entered the room, she saw that all she most dreaded had come to pass. Alicia Melworth stood opposite the door, with a look of white, fright ened terror on her lovely features, and Alberta Falconer was supporting her, one arm thrown around her waist, while Mrs. Falconer sat, stern and hard as a condemning judge, beyond. ' Gratia!' exclaimed Alicia, ' apeak to me. Tell me what all this means. Have you kept a secret from me all along ?' Gratia was opening her pale lips to answer, when AlberLa Falconer anti cipated her. 'A secret-yes,' she oxclaimed 'a secret of blood and crime! Girl, you dare not deny that you have the crimson stain of my uncle's blood on your hands!' Alicia turned shuddering away. 'Give me some water, or I shall faint!' she gasped. 'No; don't come near me!' as Gratia hurried, to her side, and the look of repulsion in her eyes struck like an envenomed poinard to the poor girl's heart. She turned aside, pale, sick, and trembling, feeling that since Alicia Melworth's love and trust were taken away from her, there was nothing left to hope for more. '?May God forgive you for this day's work!' she murmured, fixing eyes full of sad reproach upon Al berta's haughty face, ' Whatever comes of it, remember it was you that drove me to despair ?' 'I beg that you. will not have the audacity to dare to address yourself to me!' angrily exclaimed Alberta. '~Mamma, ring the bell, and have this girl turned out of the house!' But Gratia had not waited for this crowning indignity. Pale and silent, with her hands pressed tightly over her ice-cold heart, she had glided out of the room. 'Oh, call her back! call her back!' pleaded Alicia, through her tears. 'Where is she going? What will she do ?' But Alberta Falconer caught her hands and restrained her when she iwould have hurried to the door. 'Would you recall a murderess?' she uttered. The sunset radiance flooded Broad way like a rolling river of gold, as Gratia Kempfield hurried along the stately thoroughfare as if she were flying from some Nemesis which fol lowed ever upon her track. Coming, at last, to where Broad way branches off westward, inter sected by other streets, she turned to her right hand, for .no reason, except that the momentary current of the crowd seemed to carry her in that direction, and kept on, heedless of aching limbs, weary feet, and cold, pinched frame. The river -yes, Gratia smelled the salt gusts. She could hear the floating cakes of ice plash up and down in the turbid rush of the tide. The street she was traversing terminated in a huge, unquarried mass of rock, and just opposite Blackwell's Island loomed up, dark and grizzly. Gratis stood there, her hands ap lifted, the bitter wind blowing her curls back from her face, in a tangled mass. 'Why should I fear?' she said aloud, with a wild laugh. 'The water is not colder than the hearts of the world, and death is better far than life! Why should I fear?' CHAPTER XXXV~I. A FIFfIl AVENUE DINNER PARTY. Mrs. Falconer and her daughter had wisely determined to keep the secret of their encounter with Gratia Kemp field from Colonel Falconer and Ida. 'Where would be the use of telling of it, mamma ?' said Alberta. ' Hugo did always make such a ridiculous fuss about that girl-only think of his scolding us for letting her go away from here, after poor dear Uncle Rslph's death! As if we could have slept peacefully in our beds with her prowling round like a ghost or a midnight assassin! And he would be just as likely now to blame us for telling Miss Melworth the truth about her.' 'I don't see but what you are right, my dear,' the prudent mamma had answered. 'BAnd as there is no particular occasion for our making a scene, either with Hugo or Ida, we may as well hold our tongues. That girl seemed to have the art of bewitching everybody-I don't mknow for my part how she did it! However, we have done our duty to ward Miss Melworth, and that's one thing to be thankful for.' 80 Mrs. Falconer and Alberta die. missed Gratia Kempfield from their minds as utterly as if she had never had an existence. And the next thing was to issue cards for an elegant dinner-party in honour of Colonel Falconer's English friends. The invitationis were given and ac cepted, and the eventful evening arrived. Mrs. Falconer and her daughter were proudly conscious of looking their best. 'I am sorry about Robert,' said Mrs. Falconer, with a slightly per turbed look. 'He has not been home these two days. I wish Hugo had a little more influence over him, but he seems to fear or care for no one since Uncle Ralph died. Ralph could always manage him.' 'Oh, mamma,' said Alberta, in differently, ' he is no worse than all the others in her set. I dare say Bob will settle down after he has sown all his wild oats.' The party from the Arlington Hotel arrived punctually, and the dinner was a very brilliant affair-no one could deny that. Mrs. Falconer's heart swelled with triumph at the evident success of her i'6c1c,'rch little entertain ment. 'There is no knowing what results this may lead to,' she told herself, as she watched the interest with which Viscount Barron listened to Alberta's lively chatter, while her eldest son devoted himself, with a host's cour teous abandon, to the beautiful blonde heiress of Melworth. 'And after the way in which Bob has tried me, I'm sure I need some encourage ment.' The party of guests were once more gathered round the drawing-room fire. Lady Chichester. who had a delicious soprano voice, had just approached the grand piano to sing a Scotch ballad to the accompaniment of her son, Viscount Barren, and Alicia was admiring the basket of shaded crimson roses which Ida's care ful fingers had arranged in a nest of wet moss and feathery ferns for the centre-table, when there was a slight commotion below stairs. Mrs. Falconer heard it, and the least possible flush flitted across her graciously smiling brow. She knew too well the way in which her youngest son was apt to come home at ten or eleven o'clock, after one of his lengthened carouses, but at the same time she had the utmost possible con fidenco in the discretion of Scipio, and never turned her head. A piercing shriek from Alberta made her start up with a cheek blanched to ashen whiteness, and she beheld, borne into the very midst of the festive gathering, on a board, supported by half a dozen rough looking men, thoe.;blood-stained body of Robert Falconor, with a crimson tablecloth thrown over him, and his palo face staring up to the ceiling. (To be continued.) 