? ~'-?l/7b €2//€J- Goorgie Boid \- ? * And bis oyoglass ? ? * Will return homo *.. * *? In a few days, ? » ? And poor Brother Brunker ? ? * Will thon offer up a prayer, Thanking tho Almighty that ho iBrolioved of tlio shepherding of tho rocaloitrant Ministry. '' * * * Premier Turner was always tho oarlioat to bod at tho Hotel Cecil, nnd Premier Buid whs invariably tho latest to riso. But, of courso, ,Goorgio auoozedull day, ? » * 'Wot' Wrnggo signs himself at tho foot of overy letter—' Cloraent L. Wraggo, Govt. MetoorologiBtof Queensland, Director of Chief Weather Bureau, Brisbano.' What a long tail our oat's got I * v ♦ Brunker, at present acting as chair warnicr for Iflyoglass Roid, will almost for a certainty succeed Saul Samuel us Now South Wales Agont-Goiieml, Tho Borlossed one would bo bettor appreciated thero than where he is. ? ? ? Kalgoorlio, the dry-blown and fly- blown, is actually starting1 a soap factory. Next it will Btart a show, doubtlosa, to manufao turo wator from tho hydrogen and oxygon of tho air. After that an influx of barbers may bo oxpocted with reasonablo con ildouco. By-tho-way, a oortain Promior whilo in England was presonted with a copy of tho Queon'n Diamond Jubiloe Blblo. Tho gift was hardly necuaBiiry. Now if tho Biblo had been sent out to Brother ? , well, perhaps it will bo bettor not to naino him, tlioro would havo buon much groator appropriatonosB about tho procuod'ings. » * » A wrltor in tho London Sichtoh con sidors Australian politioiaus, with tho oxcoption of Sir John Forroot, in tho light of parish vestrymon. Kiug Charles must have boen treading on tho corns of this ooribe, who, by tho way, admits to porsoiml aoqunintauco with tho Wostralian gold flolds. IIo probably gob tho 'straight griflln' from Forrost, and thoroupou con ceived him a statesman, ? ? - At a duiico hold rccontly in ono of tho Biiburbu tlio company waH so very mixed that ono lady, a vory oxolusivo person who doelarodi 'If I had known tlio wort of affair it who going to bu I uortaiuly uhould not havo boon hoi-o,' waa connidorably startltnl, whon about 11.1)0 tho M.O. ap proacliud hoi1 witli a bald-headed and por apiring middlo-agod main party in tow and introduced him. ' 'Appy to moot you,' said tUo bland hald-ho;vdnd man (who wan in ft iniiifit evening coat); 'you 'avo boon for yonva ono of my very bosb cuaLomom.' I undorntimd that n, matoiTnmiliaa, in a oountry dintrict, got n. shock tho othorday. Sho wn3 engaging a ' young porson' who had nrrivod from Sydney. After a preli minary Bklrmish na to 'nightB off,' nml whether follon'ora worn jillowud, tho Lidy help espransod hornulf nn proparod to (?ivo tho ludy jv Lrlal, on ono condition. She hud boon noountomcQ in tho city to lcuep her ' liVlio,' niul it rvna osw.\nMn.l to Lor health mid comfort that oho nhoulil bring; hot1 bilto with lu-r and havo a lluttor ftt roiiiioii»i-lo liourn. Tho miiitroua oi' tho Iiohbo in at proaont considering tho oituu« tlon.. ? In Kalgoorlio at prosont an opidomio of matrimony in raging, and tho parsons aro doing a magnificent business in foocolloct Ing. It really booiiib aa if fchoy aro gotting spliced jusfc to fill in tiino vrliou things drag a bit. Two ladios belonging to tho olito woro about to inako thoir dthut on tho local stago in a certain woll-advortisnd amateur porformanco. Doth had high-sounding Christian namon, tho front nnmoB of ono indood ranking quito a pnrado in print, and added to tho startling conjunction was a surnamo joined by a hyphen. * « # Tho othnr lady had only tho common or g.irdon variety of surname, and uho was in dignnnt that her sister artist ahould havo boon bo aristocratically iiyphenisod. Ad drcsRing tho hardworking and perspiring secretary uho romarkod in tonoa Bovore : 'I'd like to know why I can't havo a oyplion an well nu Mrs. Blank.' Tho courteous olBcial intimated that aho might havo an many syphons aa bIio pleasod, i but whother this i)unnission was availod of .' is not vocotded in tho acts of tho goldflolds. IIo was of thenvorago brand of Jay Pay, and considorablo points ahoad of somo of tho latoat appointments. A man waa brought before him ohargod with uttoring. ' Uttoring,' said tho J.P. dubiously, 'uttering?' Thon a light dawnod upon him. 'Look horo, my man, you're dis missed this timo, but uno any moro bad languago in this town an' we'll niako it hob for you.' And yot thoy hoBitato about tho fitnoas of women for tho Bench 1 Tho familiar ghost ia mud to havo np poared again in ono or two of tho Victorian Buburbs, and ono particular Bpot is just now hauntod by quito a fearful banahoo that broathos iiru and looks liko a supor human horror straight out of a German ballad. They used to havo a pjhoat of a formidable kind at a littlo township not a hundred milca from Sydnoy. Ho was n tall, white ghost, with llory eyes and a bluo broath, and ho appoarod on a certain traolc a noar tho local pound at irregular intervals. Ono afternoon a numbor of young inon wont, and dug a holo about 8ft doop at tho spot whoro tho spook used to start out of tho scrub, and turned water from a dam into it. Thou thoy covered all loosoly with boughs and oarth, and waited and watched. That night tho ghost '.valkod, and two minutou lutor a hiilf-drowuod porson, flllod with water and covered with mud, wan drngge'd out of tho trap, and tho wntchorn woro ahoi\t to i;iv« tho npook. what for when Lhoy discovered it wan a woman. Thoy hold tho bausheo priHouor, andsout for somowomon, into whose handu tho supernatural visitnut wan dolivorod. . What liapponcd to tho ghoat nubser|uontly no man kuowoth, but that towinship has novor boon nblo to raiuo another spook. Extractn from report of a rocout diacun sion by Austral Salon (M'ulb.) ladiou : — Mrs, Lowin : 'Fancy a woman baing tried by a jury of women. What pity woul.l uho got from tho prudon sitting in jud|;moubP Nono. Womon n.ro alwayi) hariluat on tvomon. And a fomalo jury would bo im praoticablo. Twolvo niou arc rjometimon lookod up for forty-oight houni till they agroo. Twolvo womon might bo locked up for forty-eight yoaru and thoy would novor ngroo.' Mian Sophia O.-imoud : ' I biiliovo that with tho aid of a Uililo and a oookory book any woman can got to Hotivou; and fta for drciin, well, I buliuvu ovory woman should inako hoi roIC look mi nice nsi po.-iuiblo. Marriagou aro falling oft hucauso a mini doosn'li caro to marry anyone who kuowu moro than lio does. Man wautii bin wifo to look up to him, and modorn woman knowu too much for thai;.' And utill nomo pnoplo havo tho audacity to rnfuao woniirn nnfrnvgol MB, liMVJPOllD SPHN0J3B ('PYRAMIDS'). OllAMl'ION AMATKUB CUEIST OU' N S.W. 