SPORTING SCRAPS. Cartoon, by Gang Forward, broke her thigh at W'ollogortng etud the other day, acd Mr Chisholm was reluctantly compelled to order her exeoution. Xhe old mare was tbe dam of The Sketcb, and leaves a fine Cobbitty colt behind. Yosterday the Bosahill stewards were only once in oounoil to listen to the protest lodged by E Ha xley against Peioy Fielder, for crossing in the Jubilee Handicap, The stewards very properly and promptly dismissed the plaint \- after a short sitting. It is reported from Wanganui that Arthur Holder (the world's hurdle record holder) will probably come across to Sydney in August in view of the Australasian cham pionship meeting early in October, for which, it is presumed, lie will be eeleoted by the N.Z.A,A.A. Mr P Beurke, the well- known riagman, leaves for hie native sod, Ireland, next Friday, on a visit to his people there. The trip gave tbe bookmakers an exouse to present Paddy with something to remember them by, end tho presentation took plaoe at Garrett's the otter day. The reoent heavy rains made the Boaehill coarse very soft yesterday, but fortunately ,no serious accidests occurred, though 'Vigilance and Survivor both fell in the Cup rage. The former fell after going a furlong, suid the latter came down at the three furlong* post. The action of the police in harassing the bookmakers is bearing fruit. Some Mel* bourne welshera calmly donned bags yester day in the tbiokeit part of the crowd, and offered to do business, bp t Secretary O'Hara eoon spotted them, and with the help of the police, the Melbourne parties made a bee line for the gate, and out into the cold they went. Ur O'Mara will attend at his office to- j morrow untill 11 a.m., and iesue trainers', jookeys', and borss ticket! for Eenaington race»_whioh take plate on that day. The eport at. Kensington promises well, at the better class of bootmakers hare deoided to at tend, as they are convinced the best horses will not run at Canterbury, but will be kept for Bandwiek meeting on Jubilee day — Tuesday. Groegh Fatriolc, an Irieh brad horse, that wae afterward; imported to Australia, held the ' honor of being the winner of a race for ' which the largeBt field, 45 that ever started ran. Forty-one started for Grace Darling's Oaul £eld Cup, and 4=2 ran far a Ladies Bracelet that was won by The Ghost at Oaulfield I some years ago. Yesterday's Bosehill Cap ! attracted 43 rnnners, thanks to Mr Geo Tatts. Adams and his sweeps, F. W. Day, wlio once trained Mr. Hor dern's hones hers, has 25 good horses in work at Newmarket (England), and among tbem are onr old. friends Georgic, Form, and Acmena. Day is .installed at the stables ?built by tbe late Baron Hirsch. Though doing well, flneinoially, Mr. Day had the miefoifrme to lose his wife a short lime tack. .^16, Day took ill suddenly, and died in a few houra. The late rains made the Bandwiok training tracks very treacherous, and more than one horse has gone to the hospital strained. The A J C have an A 1 ehance of making a first class wet weather track of the cinder traok if they lay it down with tan. It has a sound bottom and is of a width that will prevent the tan from spreading; If it was tanned and the grass let grow through the tan,- it would, without doubt, be one of the^bast working rinks in the world. While the police were busy watching the bookmakers at Bosehill yesterday, a large gang of Melbourne pick-pockets were busy operating on an unsuspecting public, and more than one of the unwary were ' held up' and searched for valuables. On the railway platform the ' hooks ' were particularly vigilant, but unfortunately for puble welfare just now there are to many publichouses, betting shope, and bookmakers to watcb, the polioe really haven't time to attend to such a small matter as a large gang of daring criminals— treacherous thugs — beiog in our midst. The South American people are wiser khan we are when they can get J Bull to listen to their yarns about their wonderful horses. However, we will see whether tbey are the pebbles they are eaid to be. Australia has been importing blood harass and mares for nigh one hundred years, and the South American has been at it for about twenty years. Their horses are, they say, now better tban ours. No, 'Tis tbeir Government that is better. They are able to make the usually deaf Mr Bull hear. They know how and where to selL Onr Government know nothing and daren't look to the right or tbe left without leave from tbe Labor party, and they haven't time to help tbe breeders, if they knew how, as squaring tha Labor Party takes np all their time, Messrs Garrard, Faobe and Coutts selected the following team to represent New Zealand in the forthcoming tour of New South Wales and Queensland : — Bspks: Orchard, 12stl01b, and Glenny, list 31b, Canterbury; Smith, list 71b, Auckland; Allen, 12at, A. Bayley, lost 31b, and Humphries, 9st 101b, Taraoaki ; Armit, list 51b, and Duncan, 12st Sib, Otago. Forwards : Handcock, 12st, and Wilson, 13st 4lb, Auckland; Blair, 13st 31b, Wanganui; Young, 13st, Caiman, 12st 71b, and Pauling, 14st 71b, Wellington; Watson, 14st 101b, and O'Dowd, 14et Sib, Taranaki ; Kerr, 14st Sib, Canterbury ; Harris, 13st, Otago. ' Wing forward?: McKonzie, 18et, Wellington; Mills, ISst, T frinaki. This gives North island 14 aud t , . only six representatives. Hoot mon, but there'll likely be a sair hecklin' ower eicoan injustice. Horse ow&eri; are complaining loudly of tbe action of the A J C in taking the last Saturday in August away from Tattersalls' Club and giving it to Kosehill. Tatts. Club always put a w.fs. race with penalties and allowances on their August bill, aud last year got a good field and a fine race. Heavily engaged candidates were thus afforded an opportunity to have a public run a week or so before the big Spring meeting commenced. This chance has cow been denied the owner by the A J 0. 1'osehiU may put a w.fca. race on their bill but the owners wanted to run at Bandwiek and not take any travelling risks with heavily engaged horses. It is unfair to ask them to take their horses to Bosehill when thev could hare had their run at home if tha date had been left with the legitimate club and not been given to a proprietary racecourse. 