THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW. Curious stories are told about the powers possessed by certain natives of India, who lire up among the Himalaya, mountains. These old men. it is raid, have deToted scores of years to the stndj of natural laws and forces, which the rest of the world knows noth ing about. Lately a German professor visited the 'adepts,' as these qaeer Hindus are called for the purpose of find ing out the secret of their remark able performances. They treated him rather scurvily, bnt interested him all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sanskrit manuscripts. An adept went with him. to a cave wherein the books were kept. The place vras dark as the bottom, of a well. ' I can't see to read, here,' said the visitor. ** Then we will have some light,' was the reply, and immediately ? ( the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave. He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality — it cast not the slightest shadow. This a story hard to believe, yet ^_^, its truth is affirmed by a man of — ~ vast learning and high character, and you who now read it have no reason for doubt except tJtiataJl the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief com monly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dr. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earth quate, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. * A man who has been ill for years, and failed to find a cure, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medicine which they believe will make welL What else but doubt could result from his experience F Take an example : — ' la the spring of 1888,' writes our correspondent, ' I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and out of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I had pain and weight at the chest. £ was much tronbled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid also bitter bile. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depres sion of spirits. I kept up with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort:. Off and on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply After I had taken only a few doses I found relief ; m£ food digested, and grad ually all nervousness left me. Al though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine never having used it or seen it used I now gladly admit its value, and. its power over disease. Since ray recovery, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I ueem it a dutv to send von this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151, Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893.' There is a deal of difference be tween Mr. Griffiths9 candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be ture enough, but it cannot beverti fied without more trouble than, it is worth. On the other hand we bare a trustworthy witness, who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at bis address. Finally, there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forme, or phases of that universal disease — indigestion and dyspepsia ; it cores that and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where ill ness and pain bad cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. 