WIT AND HUMOR. \--Freddy,*' said the tcaehvr to F Fangk-'. •'you have spell oil the word •rabbii" with iw.> t's. You must leave on*-: of them out." "Yes, ma'am." re- . ' ,, ,, . - , S K-u 1-reddy; wmcnose. T . - n, • , - T ,,,,.1 - o tu r.u. j at dcat lump's." placard): My poor man. what 1 dn^s thi.? say'.' I haven't my glasses. Tramp: PI- ase. mum, it says I am deaf and dumb, and if ycr kin give nu- a few coppers, Th p pujiils iu a si-hoci were asked to iv- in writing the difference between biped and a •luadruneO- One boy gave In- following: "A biped has two logs nd quadruped ha? four legs: therefore difference b-twe-en a biped and a uadruped is two legs." Isn't it absurd what ideas people in malt towns have of large cities'."' "Yes; here's? .iust one thing more absurd." 'What is that'."' ' The ideas people in arsre ciiies have of a small town." Mamma: "Which do you love most, papa or mamma?" Charlie: "I love pa most." "Why. Charlie, I am surprised at you. I thought you loved me most." "Can't help it. mamma: we men have-to hold together." "May I kiss you. Miss Tensput?" asked young Mr Huggins. "Have you ever kissed a girl before?" asked the youn lady. "Never," asseverated the young man. "Then you may kiss me. I draw line :U ni'-'ii who kiss and tell." "Watts: The displacement of men by machinery has been something great in recont years. Potts: And it is still oing on. Only yesterday I was going; across the stroet and found myself displaced by a bicycle with great precipitancy. Miss Antique: I don't care for men; in fact, I've already said "No" to seven of them. Miss Comely: Tiidepd! What were they selling? "See that, woman running—with an enormous bouquet in her hand?" "That isn't a bouquet; she is trying to save her summer hat from the rain." His Wife: "Well, Josiah, T don't see that you need keep on takin* that liquor. The doctor .said that you were all cured, and that he needn't come any moro. The- Deacon: Yes: but you know what he sa'-d a few days a about th danger of gettin" a relapse. ' What do these letters stand for?" asked a curious wife of her husband, as she looked at his Masonic seal. "Well, really, my love," he replied, encouragingly, "I presume it is because they can't sit down." She postponed further questioning. New Fanner: T am somewhat of a connoisseur in stock, and I want only such as are young and in good condition Dealer: Well, buy this drove of year lings. New Farmer: How old are they? One afternoon, a stranger, observing a stream of people entering a church, ap proac-hed a man of gloomy respect, who was standing near the entrance, and asked.' " Is this a funeral." "Funeral no:" was the sepulchral answer: "it's a. wedding." "Excuse me," added the stranger, "but J thought from your seri- ous looks that you migRt be a hired mourner.'' "No." returned the man with weary, far-off look in his eyes. "I'm the son-in-law of the bride's mother." The Harltm Histories gave a performance a few 'nights ago. The piece was 'Hamlet," and Gus Snobberly played the ghost. Gus expressed his lack of confidence by saying.- "Now". Gus, all in the world you have to do is to come in and say, "I am tliy father's ghost," and vou must do it in a deep, sonorous voice." Gus said he would try and do his level best. When the ghost's turn came he spoiled the tragic effect of th-2 whole performance by saying. "I am thy father's ghost, and you must do it in a dfcep, sonorous voice." Gilliooly: Why don't you propose to Miss Longcofiin? She is dead gone on you, and she is rich besides. Gus de Smith: I would encourage her a little if it wasn't that she is lame in one long leg. Gilliooly: For heaven's sake, man, don't be- a pessimist. Don't look at it that way. Gus d<_- Smith: Don't look at what? Gilliooly: The situation, of couse; don't -<iy thaj. she is lame in one leg, but remember she has one leg she is"not lame in. Look on the bright side r.f things'- Be an optimist. 