Bulletin's Victory. Sydney Harbour, January 26. Iu "Wednesday's " Points " column of the Telenraph a Brisbane Kipling1 was called for to write " The Boad to Manly Bar." This call has been responded to with remarkable alacrity and ability, as our readers will agree after perusing the following clever parody of Eudyard Kipling's famous song, " The Boad to Mandalay " :— ON THE ROAD TO MANLY BAY. Being the Yam of the Intercolonial 22-Foot Challenge Face. By ** Wn.Ti WRATH RT?H kT/M.** (Wrra Apologies to Btoyaed Exruso.) In the old bay known as Jackson's. Looking eastward from the Quay, Lies the little town of Manly; And the place is dear to me For the glorious race we sailed there, Ou last Foundation Lay, When the "Bully " licked the Welshmen On the road to Manly Bay 1 Ghosts: On the road to Manly Bay, Where our " twenty-twos'" so gay Gave the local cracks a drubbing, Eight across from Watson's Bay, On the road to Manly Bay, Where old Whereat bold did face Nor'-west squalls and broken water, When we won the Challenge EaoCf, J Starting sharp p.m. 2.30, With the wind about nor-west, And a dirty squall approaching Bearing down the harbour's breast J With the "Bully " and Caneebie Following close on Billy Bead, While the Effie, Wonga, Figtree, Each in turn did show her speed. Ciioiiuo. Anxious lookers saw tho danger When the storm fiend burst overhead; Crashing spars and broken timber Was tho cry off Bradley's Head: For the Wonea smashed her bumpkin, And the Figtree lost her way, While ihe Effie broke, hermainmast, On the road from Manly Bay ! Cnosr:. See the Vigilant and Bully, Thrashing down towards the sea, 'Gainst a strong nor'-easter reaching, Whereat—windward, Bead—a-lec. Great excitement on the steamers, As we laid for Manly Bay; Vigil led by twenty seconds, First round, back to Manly Bay I Chokuc. Back again towards Shark Island, There the Vigil failed to jibe; _ Whereat did the trick "all standing," And we ran home on the tide ; While tho wind grew Light and puffy, Till we scarce could feel our way, When the Vigil came right on cs, As we steered for Manly Bay! Cnonm. By tho old Bulitnba jetty, Looking westward to " One-Tree " There's a"Brisbanc girl a ssttin', And I know she thinks of mo For the wind blows down the reaches, And I think I hear her say: " Come ye back, my darling ' Bully,' Come ye back from Manly Bay!" "While the number of murders in the United States last year reached the high total of 6,615, there were but 126 executions. Gallup: " Do you think I can safely trust n business secret to Banks?" Highbeo: "1 should say so. I lent him a sovereign last Christmas Day, and he has never breathed a word about it since." " But what can you do, young man ? Haven't you some special talent or taste-^ somo bent, as they say ?" Applicant (dubiously): "No—no, not that I can think of—except that I am a little bow-legged.'^ J 