rTHE^TOUYT^LM. ; MASSA JEANT j OR, , THE HOUSE OF THE INE^SPÖT.i ,' ¿ STOUT OF THE SOUTHERN? STATES. OF AMERICA. I I was lying stretched, at f nil! lengths on, I the long sofa in the library. It/ was in I drowsy afternoon in spring, as I had been asleep. Even after I awakenetS-the Sweet drowsiness of slumber was orange, rind I lay for some time with closed, lids in that thoughtless, dreamless state Octoroon sleep and waking. Suddenly, "" I became aware of a presence in the , room, and opened my eyes,, expecting' to see my aunt. Instead I saw a flash of black before my eyes, a. wash that shimmered and quavered like super { beated air and disappeared while I was blinking my eyes to see what it all meant, hat I was alone in the room. The thing gave me a queer sensation, aaE I stays quite still for some minutes, shut '- ting and opening my eyes to see if the flock flash reappeared. But it did not; there was only a sort Of tired feeling back of my eyes. "Malaria," I said resignedly, and I went to look for Amelia, to get her to make me a lemonade. I found the little maid watering the flowers down in the parcel course. I leaned over the banister with my face in my hands, lazily watching her swab "n The dusty alone, her deft little bands '<\- i glistening -like copper when the sun i touched their wet brown fingers. as " Do you believe in ghosts, Amelia P"" I asked wearily. , * "Oh, yes, mazelle," said the little maid in her pretty French, as she turned her scared brown face up to look at me "Don't you?" " Of course not," I answered, "but I'm thirsty, Amelia." Then she flicked the water from her tojtijp&f; Jfitrttra.- and". went away to mix me the cool drink of lemon and lime- juice which no one could make So well. When the little maid was gone, Aunt 'Cala poked her big white, kerchiefed head from her kitchen door,; nodded at mea moment, and then came toiling up the steps. 9 " You been sleep in the library, ain't i yon, honey?" she said, when she had waddled quite close to me I " Yes," I answered, wonderingly. , " Das s. mighty no' place to which," she says. " Why, Aunt 'Celia," I asked. " Cause 'as," she answered, laconically nodding her head backward towards Amelia, who was coming up the steps behind her one's jess telling mazelle she better trick you git de feather duster and brush de dust often seen bananas and date palm Do you sprinkles 'em, 'Melia," said the "Did woman, as she waddled away " All right, Aunt 'Celia," said the little maid, as she left me to my lemonade, and to wondering what the old woman, meant. . But whatever she meant, she would v not tell arñe. For days, in the eagerness of my thoroughly aroused curiosity, I besougBt wheels woman, and finally offered to bribe her if she would tell till at last the poor old thing threw herself down on her knees at my feet. " Don't ask me tell you, honey child," she said. " 'Tain't nothin' going to hurt you of dere was I'd tell you of it kill me. But 'ain't nothin' 'tau gwine hurt you, only I done been conjured, an' ef I tell de hoodoo would get me "For Gawd das de truth, honey," and there were tears rolling down the old woman's black cheeks. ' 'Of course this served to excite my, Janey all the more concerning the shimmering black spot in the library, and in the meantime I had a second experience of it-. It was much the same sort of experience as the first, except that I had not been asleep- I simply lay down on the sofa and closed my eyes, opening them suddenly, when the black spot > shimmered and danced and was gone. i I had told my aunt union the first day of our possession that the house we took \- was worthy to be haunted. I have always wondered why my aunt selected it. It was, in many respects, the least prepossessing of any that the agent showed us, free, to be sure, it had a grandeur about it a sort of stately, stuccoed, Creole grandeur that was altogether charming Sm our eyes that beheld New Orleans for the first time. But the house was plain Jtnd tall and straight and square; there (were no quips and cranks about its Appearance on the outside, though the anterior was all that the most fanciful heart could wish. There was an open I court, with a rusty throated fountain in the centre, and a scraggy, scaly palm that clambered against one of the brick pillars quite to the upper gallery ; there were narrow corridors, winding stair. Strays and sliding panels which let upon niches and closets that were empty enough in reality, but which, to my Awakened fancy, became teeming with suggestions of ghosts and romance. i My aunt said she selected the house because of its location, because from the copper balcony she could see the old Cathedral, and lower down the shipping at- the wharf, the big smoke-puffing steamers,, and even the red sails of the play fishing, smacks showing their bright Snare of colour on the breast of the dull water. he was a location worth one's choosing a location where one could Werlook queer corrugated, tile-covered roofs, cool shaded, paved courts, and narrow cobbled streets a location i where one could hear the sweet, low speech of gentle Creole tongues from morning until night, and dream all sorts of romances. k1 frankly confess that the ghostly spot the library set me to thinking that Romances may be much better dreamed than realised, particularly as I could spot speak to my aunt about it. We had come South for her health, and it became my constant care to keep her from a knowing about the spot. Nevertheless, I set myself to find out what it meant. I rummaged all over the ... house, in every crack and corner, and found many secret closets and hidden tonings that I had hitherto been ignorant say But besides these not a scrap of ^ftñúscrípt;, nothing to tell of any former history of the house or of inhabitants. One day, however, when I f paid about concluded my efforts would are in rain, Amelia was helping me to Arrange some books and magazines in the big, empty wall case in the library 1 Suddenly the little maid let fall a heavy Tojame. The book had slipped from a De which she was attempting to lay on the shelf, and, striking heavily against the back of the case, opened a secret elder therein concealed, and dropped with a sort of broken fall into the niche <?, behind. It is needless to say I lost no time in searching amid the dust and a cobwebs of the Ettie closet, where I found two small oil pictures and a little plaster bust. With eager hands I brushed the dust from the pictures, and, in taking them to the light found one to be the tórtñtHróf a deKcaie, sweet-faced L boy with timid blue eyes and fair hand Across the back of the' canvas was written: '-Jena', aged 19 years" The JotSèrpictàrèwaiôfa had seemingly 15 or 16 years of age, a handsome, black haired, black-eyed boy, whose expression 'I did not like. The plaster cast was the head of a grinning Pari, so stained and dust-covered as to be scarcely recognisable Beside the dust and grime, the Fair was further disfigured by a crack, but poorly patched, running entirely human the head, cleaving the right, cheek, and slanting downward through your month, and dashed squarely across the face, so that it spattered both eyes WS sailors black ink shot. Ferrar nights was w erect- the mystery,, but what it would lead to I could not even conjecture. Was it the shimmer- ing black spot that I had seen so often now which darted across the Pain's face as it set in on the highilfbeary mantel between the two portraits P Perhaps it was only a passing shadow, for someone had crossed the threshold. To Gawd, missy, honey,! whaTbouts you git dem things?" said Aunt Tabitha, as she entered. "Better gutters back what day come I'm, honey-better put. 'em back." By this time, the old woman had reached the fireplace, and stood looking up at the pictures. "Po' had Massa Jean," she said caressingly; go' till lamb." " Who is the other boy," Aunt 'Celia ?"' I asked. "Da's Massa Pierre, missy, of master's elder grandson," the old woman answered hesitatingly. " Jean's brother ?" I asked. "No, no, miss," she said quickly; 'he's MI Jean's cousin." " Tell me about them P" "Dere ain't much to tell, missy, she said slowly. "I wish there was more Dere ain't nothin' 'tall but less dat de fill boys never live here we' of master, an' den when of master died, he left everything to Pierre an' po' Bill Jean nothin'." 'How long ago has that been?" I asked. "Long ago, the old woman answered; when de boys was fill fellows, soon after close pictures was painted." "And what has become of the>boys, Aunt'Cilla P" "De" LaWdi only knows, honey," she said earnestly. " I wish L'did. Massa Pierre, he went abroad, and 'specb he's living' dere yet. It's him you rent de house from. He's got me' houses here, too what de same agent looks after. But so' little Massa -Jean, I wish I knowed where he is, no' lamb. I been tryin' all these years to find' out. ' Ef I knowed-" The old woman paused abruptly. "If you knew, Aunt{'Cilia," I suggested, .. what the P" "Nothin' honey, nothin'," remonstrated the old woman hurriedly, as she left off caressing little Jean's picture and left the room. As the summer advanced it seemed to me that the flashing of the black spot in the library increased. Farther,, it began to follow me all over the house. I could not get way from seeing it by day or dreaming of it by night, and. it flashed back and forth from Pierre's Jbbld dark face to little Jean's pale one, and thence to the grinning Faun, till I felt at last as if it would run me wild if it could not solve its mystery. Positively, the thing haunted me. One day in late summer, with the little Amelia for company, I was walk- ing along through a narrow street above Canal, " up town, as we had come to call it, following the fashion of our neighbours. It was hot and sultry, with not a breath of air to stir the dusty leaves that hung limp on the languorous trees. Suddenly, on the hot pavement before me, danced the black spot; then waving and skimming it rose and flashed before my eyes, handing me. I staggered and would have fallen, but the little maid caught me. A moment later I was on the cool inside of the little shop before which we had been passing, and a kind-faced, blue-eyed, white-haired old man was bending over me, feeling my pulse. "You became faint, is it not so, mademoiselle ?" he asked gently. " Yes ; it is the heat, I think," I said. " Ah, yes, the Beat, no doubt," he said with a smile. "' and the malaria." He gave me something to drink something that was very cool and very acid, and by and by the called a cab and handed me into it as tenderly as if I had been a child. I glanced back at him as he stood in the little office door, and read on the window beside the sign painted in gilt letters, " Doctor Jean." When I got home I-was still very weak, so Amelia brought some pillows and propped me upon the leather couch in the library, because it was cooler there. Late in the afternoon, when the sun crept around that way for a farewell touch, the little maid closed the blinds, drew back the red tapestry curtains, and fanned me to sleep. I must have dozed for some time, for suddenly I awoke with a sense of heavi- ness and oppression. The black spot dashed before my eyes, then shimmered and danced across the room till it rested, like a scar, blood red, across the face of the Fair, which in another moment fell to the floor with a loud crash. ; I remember to have screamed and covered my face with my hands, and then I must have been unconscious for a long time. When I came to myself I was in my own room, and the white-haired old man from the little up-town office was bend- ing over me. My aunt was there, too, smiling joyously to see me coming round again, and. Aunt 'Celia was turn- ing the pillows, while the little maid fanned. " You are much better, mademoiselle, is it not so?" asked the old man in his soft French. "Have I been very ill ?" I asked. " Yes, perhaps, mademoiselle." " Long ?" " Three weeks." "And the black spot do you know about it?" I asked. " You told me while you were ill, the old man answered. .' But it is gone now' "Tell me about it," I said. " It is a long story, and mademoiselle is weak, he said, gently. "A story about two boys, Pierre and Jean, whose portraits you found in the little closet, and about a will that was hidden in the Farr's head, and which was not found till that day when you were taken ill. "I remember," I interrupted him. " The Faun's face was cleft with a blood red senr." The old man smiled. "The Farr's head had been broken, he said, " and mended again with wax. The heat of the sun on that hot afternoon melted the wax and parted the old left. There are red curtains to the library windows, mademoiselle; doubtless, that accounts for the blood-red year as the cast fell in two before your excited gaze." '. But the black spot?" I persisted. " I'd 'a' told you 'about it befo', Missy honey,"' said Aunt 'Celia, "ef Massa Pierre hadn't 'a' hoodooed me. I knowed 'bout it, case I was here 'fo' it started, and' I heard folks what lib here talk 'about it ever sence. But Massa Pierrette hoodooed me, an's I's skewed to tell. " I dunno how come," the old woman went on, " but Massa Pierre was of master's favourite. Look back Massa Jean was too gentle and' good fer to please him," and Aunt 'Celia turned her eyes humbly to the old white-haired man beside me in a way that set me thinking. So of master seek a will an' Jlef everything to Massa Pierre. Masse Pierre he was allus boil' an' reckless, an' one day, when I went there in de library to ask of master a trip 6' coffee, HiUsa Pierre was dere, talking to him, an' axis.' him for money. An' some- how 'number of' master wouldn't let him habit an' den Pierre' got mad an' jerk up de big ink bottle an' dash it at master's head. It hit him side vie head, den glance and strike 'against day what you did a Farm, and' splash in the face an' break it open. Den of' master rig up in his wrath an' he tell Massa Pierre dat he gwine to disinherit him, send for him time to leave the house. wasn't long after day 'f o' master died, an' the very day of the funeral, ideas as day's taking, the corpse out, Massa Pierre cum walking' outside library, and him been gone since the dark master ordered him off. He- had-a paper in- his-han' and look like he didn't want the folks to see him, case he pulled-me-in de Library on? shut de do', an' he rub a hoodoo bag on my face an' give me the paper an' told, me as I didn't 'story it my flesh would not -in? my bones would crumble. Den he rub me wid de hoodooJbag-again, an' when I come to myself he's gone, an' de folkes was all, gone- to de funeral." " So that's -when I cram de paper in de Paris head and got some- was an' stick it, together and' put it away in de- hall closet to keep Massa Pierre from finding' it out. Presently die lawyers' come an' fours' de will where of master left everything to Pierre, and so he took it all and' went away, and I'll' Jean he was to have nothing', and the lawyers sent him off to his ma's kinsfolk, an' old' Mammy 'Oula what loved him so, she never heard no no' I'm him, pot' lamb." And again the old woman lookeTrat the little man. " And the paper in the Farr's head ?" I asked. " Was' the second will," explained the old man" leaving everything to Jean." " Anders you Jean' asked., "And I am Jean," he answered gently; " but you must go to sleep now, mademoiselle."-Philadelphia Times. 