SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (Br. ' Piukton.') Adelaide, Saturday. Tho TurC To my way of thinking tho racing on tho concluding .day of tho A.E.C. Birthday Cup lnuating on Saturday lust was moro interesting than it was ou tho opening days. Not only woro tho Holds largo, but the sport was full of intorost. Unfortunately II. Howio roooivod a naBty fall from U.'/i. in tho liurdlos, and was takou away to tho hospital iu au unconscious state. Berual, too, after going Roll iu tho Stooplochuso, came to grief with Ellis, who bail his collarbone broken. : Tho Totalisator took ^613,940, whiob means a falling off of w£2393 as compared with tho same day twolvo mouths ago. Tho total for this three davn wm £.US-'ii. whilnt that of tho iixturd of 189G was i-50,088. Tho S.A.J.O. Autumn mooting rocontly ondod saw ^638,925 pub through tho machine. That useful maro, Do la Tolta, who is ouo of the suocessfnl Thundorbolt tribo, acconnted for tlio Disposal Slalioa, for whioh slio wont out favorite, Cobalt, who ranked next in demand, finishing out of a plnco. Mr. l'rid ham had uo luok iu tho colony with Cobalt. With poor Ohlsen lying dead in tho hospital, anothor ridor had to be found for Kimhollon iu tho Spnond llnrdlcs, and tho mount was t'ivonlo F. Barr. Jaok Sprat was again trusted by tho stable aud the public, and ho went to tho post as favorite. Eogont, Kim boltou, U.Z., and General Gordon wore, how ovor, ull well backod iu the machine. Oil tho riso it looked an if an exoiting and closo raco would roHUlt, as iivo furlongs from homo tho lot woro woll bunched, but first U.Z. and than Nitu toppled ovor, and Jaok Sprat foil over thorn. Kimbolton now had a lead, and koep ing tho outsidor Albury Queen at bay along tho straight, tho Viotoriau landed his first stako iu the colony by six lougths, whilst Genoral Gordon, who was steered by Curoy, was third throo parts of a lougth away. Tho winner paid Sfrtol. Thirteen accepted for tho Marryatville Han dicap, and tho lot «aw the post. Tlio handicap was ouo of Mr. Heury Hushes' bosc, and six of tho starters found backers. Lilith, how ovor, was mudo u good favorito, tho Tasuianian maro carrying iI540. Staffa, Foliago, Vikiug, iluivrel, aud Dumper woro the most fanciod of the others. At tho pickets nothing seemed to bo goiug better than Danes' mount Lilith, but directly Staffa got clear tho My Lord horse nhot out, aud ho silenced tho Sold iu a fow stridos and won by two lengths with tho greatest of. ooso. Staffa had top woight (CMt), and his brilliant and easy victory shows that his party had ill luck to lose tho City to Thun derer, who, by tho way, finished in tho last throo in tho Marryatville Hiuidioap. Stuffa has boon moro than a useful horso to bis party, and as they bnokod him woll on Satur day and got 7 to 1 for thoir mouoy, they had a Tho Stoeplechaso was tho big ovont of tho day. Its valuo was 400 sovs, the distauco being 3 miles. There wero olevon runners, all of whom Buve ouo carried moro than .£100 apiocu. Iii tho mattorof favoritism there was littlo to choose botweeu Britomarto and Grass mero, tho Tasmauian maro boing entrusted with w£479 and tbo Victorian ^473, whilst Eclipse trod alone on their heels with .£398. Stockings carried £289, and The Aotress £198, and Denial £280. It wus ono of tho most open stooplccbuses witnessed ou tho old courso. Stocking, who carried 9s t 71b, had won tho Selling Steopleohaso ou tho opening day of the tixturo so brilliantly that it was coucodod that, with his undeniable pace aud light weight, ho would be able to force tho running. Tbo lot got away woll together, and Stockings at ouco ran to tlio front. Disastor set in oarly iu tho raco. Arbitrator coming to griof at tho first fonco. A brilliant and quick fenoor, Stookings set a merry pace, chough tho going was. by no means ns good as it cau bo. So sound had the. South-oastorn goUling mado tho pace that on tho second rouud Tho Aotross, Bunjo, and Dosporado woro boaton, whilst Grassmere was jumping budly. Abbotaford full, and ho was followud by Bornal, whom Ellis, was ondoavoring to tako oloser to the leadors. Going aloug tho back for the last timo Barr joined Stockings with Eclipse, and tho pair wont along at a great bat. Thoy wero followud by Britouiarto, Confidence, and Grussmoro. The last obstaclo saw both Eclipse and Britomarto down, and then Con Hdonco joined Eclipso, Grassmoro havinc deolinod. Down tho straight Stocking)! and Confidonco came together, and ac tho Derby stand tbo old groy had the best of tho battle by a long nock. Just as his viotory was callod Coufidenco xloppod, and Stockings, going on, won by Gve lengths. Stockings, who is by Hamlet's Ghost out of Miss Twist, paid £8 10s. Thoro woro no soratchings in the Alderman Cup, tho only long-distunoo flat raco run in tho colonv, the oourso being 1} milo. Tlio Chovalier was voted tho best of good things for this, aud out of a total of £2G30 iuveutod Mr. A. A. Samnel'8 horso carried £859. Thunder Quoen was supported to tho oxtont . of £;i«, Princess of Wales £294, lluspoiiso £290, and Lord Grouvillo £207. PrincoBS of Wales and TJ.Z., sorvod with thoir light weights; obliged with a sound pace, bub thoy wero both douo with before tho battlu opened. Yikiug showed the way into tho straight, and as the chestnut came along tho straight, goiugr well -his name was callod. Duwes, however, was always within striking distance with tho favorito, and malting Mb run iusido Iho distanoo, and cutting the loador down, won with easo by two and a half lengths; A length awny Eosponso was third. Tho viotory was greotod with cheers, as Tho Cliuvalior has run consistently over since ho reached Auolaido. Tho dividend, £'& lGs, was a good prioe, considering tho weakness of Iho opposition. . ' In a field of 19 Boau Brnmmol was mado favorito far Iho Eoso Park Handicap, a five furlong flatter. As is usual in this raco, it fall to au autsidor, Esau winning easily from Wild Olivo, with Beau Brummol third. Eaau, who is in tho sumo stablo aa Fund, only oarriod £135, and a fair amonut of this was stable moiioy. Tho dividend was £17 7s. Tlio winnor is anothor of the Messrs. Millers' cast-offs, and is by Boolka out of Black Tulip. Ho is a well- known 'blowor,' and many who had hoard him ou tho track would not buok him owing to this drawback. Aftor The Chovalior hud won tho Alderman Cup tho horso and jookov woro led into tho lawn, whero Mr. II. \Y. Varloy, tho acting chairman of tho A.H.O., formally presouted tho Gold Cup, tho gift to tho club of Alderman Kithor, to Mr. A. A. Samuel. The ceremony was accompanied by complimentary spooohes. Early this ivuok tho ooinmittoo of tho A.E.C. invited Air. D. James und Mr. Samuel, who won the two oups of tho moutiug, to the ulub's offloo, where both goutlomon woro toasted. In the oourso of his reply, Mr. Samuel re marked that he had como ovor to win tho Birthday Cup, bnt ho had boon dofonted by u bettor liorso. Tho Aldormati Clip, whiah ho hud won ho had prosentod to Mr. Foil I »h am, who had had all tho arduous labor, fatigue, and anxiety in proparing Tho Chovalier. Tho-i, too, it would givo Mrs. Foulsham moro ploasuro to havo it on hor sidoboard than if her husband had brought back its valuo iu Bpaalo fivo handrod timou ovo'.. Mr. David Jamos hoads tho list of wiuning ownorB at tho A.R.O. moctiui?. Taliosiu, who took tha Adoliido Stakos, won £100, whilst Elousiniau's Birthday Cup was worth £050, making a total of £810. Mr. H. A. Morris took £425 us tho result of Stockings' two wins, whilst Mr. II. A. Purvis noorud £325 for tho City Handicap. Mr. A. A. Samnol's won £274 throufh tho agonoy of Tho Chovftlior, who rail third in tho Birthday Cup (£50) and first in Aldonuan Cup (£225). Mr. G. A. Gibson, tho owner of Fund aud Esau, took £205. Mr. W. F. Stock. £200. Tho total of tho prizo monoy wus £3900. All tho Victorian visitors who came over to tho Autumn Mooting havo returned to tho sistor colony. Foulsham's borsos loft for Molbonrns on Monday, whilst Bornal conmianood tho homo ward journey on Tuesday. Capital ontrios havo boon rocoivod by Mr. A. O. Whitington for tho S.A.J.C. Jubiloo Mootiug, which is to bo hold at Morphettvillo on Juno 21. Tho Accossiou Handicap olosod with 24 nominations, including Miraoalum and tlio Victorian horsa Bovorloy. Tho inquost ou tho body of C. Ohlsen, tho jockoy, uhowed, to tho surprise of not a few, that the Viotoriau ridor died, not as at first snpposod — from taking an ovordoso of a sleep ing draught — but from oonoussion of the brain. This tho medioal evidenoo showed was tho rosnlt of a blow, bnt tho jury found thoro wns no evideuco to show how tho blow was inflicted. Tho Adelaide horBes TJ.Z., Fairlight, General Gordon aud Convention havo been entered for tbo V.E.C. G.N. Hurdles, and TJ.Z., Evonston and Coufidenco for tho Stoeplochase. A salo of Mr. John Crozior's r&ceborses; took place on Tuosday, whou Hortennius wont at 27gs to Mr. John Eoid. Mr. J. M'Douald bought Birksgato for Mr. Tom Koiloy at 80gs. Mr. John Crozier paid 300gs for Birksgato prior to tho Adolaido Cup, so that Koiley boa got his horso buck ohouply. Surofoot, anothor of Mr. John Crorior's, found a now ownor in tha trainor of Staffa (F. Baily), who paid 70ff8 for tho tho Eichmond— Footstop colding. Soveral othor hormm wore submitted nt tho satno salo on bohalf of othor ownors. A{r. S. Ferry paid 20gs for the stooploohasor Oak ; Lord Molbourna wont to Messrs. J. Hill nnd Co. at 18gsj Burnsido, to Mr. A. H. Marriott for 41g8. Lord Gronvillo wan paused ut 225|;s, Eorkn's Drift at 05a, Da la Yalta ut 80gs, and Bridomark at lOOga. Prior to his doparturo for Japan Mr. John Pile rosigned his seat as a member of the A.R.C. oommittoo. Mr. David Jamos has boon appointed to sucoeod tho lato ownor of Confidence The Pilgrim's Progross — Kato Dalrymplo yearling colt, in C. Quian's stable, bos boon christouod Ilninault. Mr. John Crozier was induced to part with Birkngnto because his recent purchase ran so badly in tho Aldorman Cup. Tho Chevalier carried a uoit sot of colors in tho Aldorman Cup. Tho jackot is a rich dark blue, darkor in oolor than 'the ouo ho carried in tho Adelaido and Bithday Cups, whilst tho cap is a straw color, Tho new livory is identical with the colors oE Mr. Leopold do Eothsohild, nnd they woro eont to Mr, A. A. Samuol, by his brother, in Euglaud. Coorsini;. By tho doath of Mr. \Vm. Eobertson, of Moy Hall, iu the south-oast, tho sport of coursing loses ono of its chief patrons in tho colony. About a quarter of a ceutury ago tho deceased gentleman imported tlio first hnros liberated in the district. Tbo Moy Hall Cap was tho chief event run in tho district. For yoars Mr. Eohortson was president of tbo Narrncoorto Coursing Club. Owing to the dry season and tho non nppoaranoe of tho hares at Buckland Park, tha fixture which ia to tako place thoro has had to be postponod. Crlolcet On Tuosday a special meeting of tho Sonth Australia Cricketiu/r Association was hold in tho exchange-room of the Town Hall to receivo the report of tho sub-committee appointed to go into the question of electorate oriokot. Tho report recommended that Senior criokot should bo playod by seven eloctorato dabs, viz., East Adelaide, West Adelaide, North Adelaide, East Torrons, West Torrons, Sturt, and Port Adolaido. Thero was somo opposition to tho report boiug adoptod, bat .finally it was carried by 2B votes to 18. Now that we are to havo eleotorato oriokot, it is to be hoped that all opposition will close, and that ono and all will work to make tho new schema a succesB. Football. Tho only football match playod last Satur day was on the City Oval, whoro tho North Adolaidos and Wost Adelaides mot. Tho atteudnuco wns limited. Tho North Adelaides won tbo gume by 3 points, but the play was of a poor description. Xiacrosso* Aftor three yonrs' struggling oxistonoe, the Holdfast Bay OInb has had to disband its Seuior team. This does not by any means show any lack of intore.it in tbo gamo iu this colony, as it is iu a most flourishing condi tion. The solootion couimittoo havo ohosou tbo following players from whom to piak tho team to visit Melbourne in July : — J. Ayers, F. Downor, T. Drow, P. M. Nowland and T Ward (University) s F. Aoramnn, G. Aornman, C. P. Cornish, P. E. Cusnon, C. Fotheringhnm H. Hay, S. King nnd A. Eosman (North Ade laide) j G. Auld, A. Nndobaum nnd H. Nado baum (Knightsbridge) ; F. Harabrideo, F. Koll and E. Lord (Iroquois) ; W. E. Wright (ST.M.C.A.): and H. H. Mildred (EaBt Ado laido). Tho toam will probably be piokod after this Saturday's play. One of tbo finest matobos ever witnessed in South AnBtralia resulted iu tho North Adolaidos boating tho Uuivorsity tonin by 7 goals (King 2, Eosman 2, Fothoriiiglmin 1, F. Aornman 1, G. Acranmn 1) to 4 (Nowlnud 2, Ward 1, y/onng 1). Another fino match was botwoon Kuightsbridgo and Y.M.C.A., whioh wan won by the first-namod toara with 4 goals (H. Nadebaum, A. Nado banm, Stupletou, H. Adnmsonl to 3 (Eaws 2, Eodgers 1). In consequence of tho resignation of the Holdfast Bay team a now programme has boon arranged in tho Senior Association, in whiah throo rounds will bo 'played instead of two. ? ^^ 