CHAPTER XLIY GREAT DUNDEE Ft W GOD AND 111 At Keppoch the months _ enough for our two exiles. They heufai news of the country of 1 he south-oiM nothing, no word of Kate M'Ghie. ft country about them was in & rm^! ferment- gatherings here and thenjj behalf of King James; false reports lit* the doings of the llamiltoniang and C* venticlera in Edinburgh; reports that % Westland Whigs were marching to eta' minate the lads of the glens, in rereapfc the doings of the Highland host. .TherW, sworn, BO it was reported, to take halt! Ayrshire and Galloway the booty of i' Seventy-nine, which fctill constituted tk best part of the plenishings of mortify] land cottage* to the north of the lands Hreadalbane and M'Cullum More. j It was hard to wait in blank iporut;] but Wat knew that his best hope of conk] to his own again, and BO to the winnioia his love, was to abide the chance oiicj and, by good service to the King, to 4 serve the restoration of his fiefs and ioj t&gOB.; ! Luckily for the two outlaws, no Frai officers came to Keppoch, nor any, into, who knew either Scarlett or Wat, orIte live# had not been worth an hour'i J» chase. But, as week after week went J they became great favourite *0 MacDonald, and were taken on kthjIi casions to see Sir Ewan Cameron Lochiel-a wiae, ailem, benignant mi who at first s&iu; little, but who conwwj with watchiiip them silently a subtly from under his eyebrows. "I remember your father," he siid,^ denly a look ou \\\ at. "You remember my father?" njrti Wat; 4<I did not know be had era as in the Highlands." "Nor was he," said I/iehiel; "itw* luiinbungh, whoa his l.ead wu (® J" Nether Bow, that 1 mmo hun-and»», wise-like head it was." The young man straightened hajs fiercely, suspecting an ;mention to a» "Na, na," said Lochie!. smilingly;JM where every honest IU land at the last, J .-s taraJ^m there afore your father - ""d mine, not, will follow one da;. Keppoch's black padd< fricht the bairns of l"v "Ye are acquaint Dundee, tliey tell jneV was Loch*1' question. "Aye," said Wat, ' Though I know not h me now. Yet many a blithely enough at h; a la<i, until I had tl. outlawed and attau:' Council " . , "What was it for religion and godlin^ uu uuun *-'7J ilut they wfllssn tiiool in»J*®*| .HUBS with my. . well he would rWj*l :ue have 1 «? -ide vhff \? misfortune »* . ijy the TO ?t. ony nuiwf Whlggery about aurdyr" si lad ilk* 1*1 . ' said Keppoch. 'It was for the «».' a sword into a mail or lx»rd Duke of Wdlwot lett, "and maybe for h< self to an ounce of !«»»? "Hoot!" cried Kepi will never stew- ye for great on the drill aii«i the richtin* o* a bit I" iug, that'* surely ev< butanes." , "That was not the * of the matter," sajd "O, they wad be o / or liia connections ami t>ha|te-ye couldna lil y do the best they coui doot," answered K»Tl; ' " ,vj,b iP"" And Lochiel listcu^i ^ . smiling face, like a m ^ , At Keppoch there * - ; 1 and a show of wo?!*- tbe sword-play and hgihtii'r ' \nthoU\ij& axe, assault with tar^t - <wrleU.rJl> all of which Wat ; uuweJn^ with infinite a" ? ^ roent- II nv.T and*11 jhrf*1 When it was well o . ^orw^j matter of > beloog<«l iUterruiiWKjI .11^ his Gntf**! "John . ^ic cause ^.-ipliiie, ^ yeutlei""*9* V Uic CouDcawl i. ither'"3^ " ,visbeThrfW: them- W their f iide,' tne cnjei ana ntc«j "V;,# great amity). Kepp^.1 a bout with bim. , v\a' 1 btade f perience with the heaj. ]^n|)iUfd to ^ 1 more, but asked to '*1 his own tighter and " r, (t Ib^ ^J indeed had scarce^ < of he tvoovered it j from which thflf the We of Fiara. . _ bWck ^l] So befon? long faced Lochuim, towenw L of Anak, his very sword casting a . like a weaver's beam. , diluted in form and tell to. .. 111 the blades met, and almost im . iuiy Keppoch swept his sword in a ,-,'it at Wat's shoulder. The young .^asured his distance, stepped aside. ,,c next moment his Andrea pricked h's side below the arm. It WEB a prick with the point, but had the stood a handbreadth in the giant's as it might have done, the sons of ' ould have needed another chief. , of the Cows was more than a little -hed. But thinking the matter some ntal chance of superiority which could ? repeated, he professed his readiness ,11," cried Lochiel, who had been at i lv watching the combat, "not Coll Cows, but Coll o' the Corbies, ye , have been if that laddie had liked. ), man, ye would hae been deid as .1 More, and the flan looking for a hang him on by this time." h this most disabling thought in his to warn him from a too complete vic Wat once more guarded, and for a lime contented himself with keeping >e furious strokes of the chief's as ;is easily, to all appearance, as a roof off the pelting of a summer shower. . as Keppoch took breath a moment, vt fury having worn itself out, Wat .ed in his turn, and, nuzzling his op i. as was his wont, with the lightning sii of his thrust and recovery, caught ymore near the tilt, and in u mo i was dying out oi his band. .?"di gazed after his weapon with ii surprise as if a hand had been ? out of the blue eky to snatch it * grasp. he cried, "but ye are a most sworder-ne'er a one like ye within ulaud line. Who wub your master i"ay?" i minted to where old Jack Scarlett ing complacently beside Lochiel.. o is my teacher," he said, "and I ?est am but a bairn with a windle ?! tiiy master's bands." '-it wagged bis beard at Keppoch'B couBternation. »o," he said, "I am old and stiff. Do eve him. Why, lad, ye beat me time 1 tried ye with that Barne vhit-h indeed I myaell had taught ' 1 was vexed for the ted," be added ins breath; "and maybe 1 did not * mv best. I ? urse after this nothing would serve II ???.t'fs but that Wat and Scarlett ! a long bout with the blunted . vliich presently they did amid tre ?>* excitement. U! ' Oich!" shouted the clansmen, 'in the air, and yelling at every ^ I 'ike and lightning parry. y pugald More-what heavenly . ' cried Keppoch. "1 declare I am greet-me tnat hasna grat since u ir sixty, when Ian Mackintosh, of 11 -'-earra, died afore I could kill him. O "<? like o' you two to lead a foray intil ''iivitry o' the Camerons-I mean tbe 11 Stewarts, foul fa' them. We wad 'Ii e daytime. For oht it wad be a that sic bonny sword-play should be wasted in killing folk in the nicht season." And the team actually streamed from the eye of Black Colin as he watched the swords click, meeting each other like trysted lovers. "This is worth a' the kye frae Achna sheen to Glen Urquhart," he cried; "ah, that was a stroke, 'lis better than gang ing to a kirk!" More than once Wat nearly got home. But old Jack, standing a little stiffly on his legs, and biting at a bit of 6our grass, al ways turned the point an inch aside at the critical moment. At last came the opening, and the master's return Hew like lightning. Wat's blade was forced upwards in spite of his lowered wrist, and lo! Scarlett's point stood against the third button of his coat as steadily as a master in a school points at the blackboard with his ferrule. A great shout went up from the throng. The hands of both combatants were Bhaken; Keppoeh's defeat was avenged. Such swordsmanship had never been seen by any son of Ian before. The fame of master and pupil was made on the spot. Lochiel and Keppoch vied with each other in civilities, and the event became a daily one,but after this with a pair of foils, which the master-at-arms manufactured. In many such ways the months passed, and the spring came again with delicate green kindling along the watercourses, aa the birch began to cast her tresses to the winds, and the grass tufts fought hard with the conquering heather. But upon a day late in the month of May the party at Keppoch was broken up by a sudden definite caJJ. Three horsemen rode up to the door one blazing noontide. Scarlett and Keppoch were playing cards, the chief eagerly and noisily, Scarlett with the dogged, use-and-wont of a hundred camps. \Vat Gordon was cleaning his arms and accoutrements in the hall; for though they two had landed with little beside the swords by their 6ides, now, thanks to their quality as swordsmen, and also somewhat to the weight of the gold in Wat's belt (which had so nearly been the death of him in the Suck of Suliscanna), they had been equipped with all the necessities of war. The first of the three riders who entered into the hall of Keppoch was no other than my Lord Dundee. He looked thirty years older than when Wat had seen him last riding by to the house of Baltuaghie greyer, more wearied, sadder, too, with his race drawn and pale, in spite of the sun and the wind. He greeted Keppoch courteously, but without great cordiality, glanced his eye over Jack Scarlett, and seemed to take his quality in a moment, gravely saluting the good soldier of any rank and all ranks. Then he looked about him slowly. "Why, Lochinvar!" he cried, astonished, "what 'wind hath blown you here-not re cruiting for the Prince of Orange, 1 hope, nor yet trying to cut my favour with Keppoch ?" "Nay," said Wat, "but if an outlaw and an exile may, ready to fight to the death for King James." "Why, well said," answered my Lord Dundee, smiling, "yet if 1 remember rightly I think you owed His Majesty not BO much favour." "In the matter of the Privy Council and my Lord Wellwood ?" said Wat, shrugging his shoulders; "Why, as to that, I took my risks like another. And if I had to pay the piper-why, it was at least no one Dut myself who called the tune." "Not my lady-my late Lady Wellwood, I mean," said Dundee, glancing at him with the pale ghost of mirtkfulness on his face. Wat shook his head. "Of my own choice I took the barred road, and I did not complain that I had to settle the lawing when I came to the toll gates. But at least I am glad that you bear me no grudge, my lord," said Wat,, "for, doubtless, after all it was a matter of the King's justice." "Grudge!" cried one of those who were with the Viscount, "it had been God's blessing if you had stood your weapon a handbreadth out on the other side of hie Grace when you were about it." Whereupon, with no further word, Dun dee and Keppoch retired to confer apart; and that nignt, when the Viscount rode away from the house, his three had become four. For Wat Gordon rode by his side as in old dayB, on the braes of Garryhorn, before any of these things befell. But Jack Scarlett abode still with Keppoch and Lochiel to help them to bring their clans men into the field. YACHTING IN SYDNEY HABSODB. (W. r. Hall, Photo.) 