DAY OF BEST. THE HOLY SPIRIT. ASERMOft by the Ber. Henbv G. Nicholls, of Clayton Church, Kensington, Adelaide. " When tbe comforter, advocate, or helper is come, whom I will send onto you from the Father, he shall boar witness of ine; aud ye also bear witness, because ye have been with ma from the beginning."—John xr. 26-27. la 1891 Dr. Dale said "that lie felt assured there would shortly be such a display of the .Saviour's power in the Church, aud through the Church, upon the worl<| outside as had nob been seen since Pentecost." If that be eo, then we may "thank God aud take courage." You, mothers and sisters, fathers and brothers in God's family, together believe in God. We know He has broken tho silence; with His own voice " Ho has spoken in His Son." ... In the opinion of the materialistic philosophy, which dis covers in matter " the promise and potency of all terrestrial life," man is no more than a marvellous machine. In our judgment, however, he is tho child of God, an heir of immortality if he claim his birthright and inheritance. Man is trans corporeal. He is not a body. He is a spirit, ' aud this spirit has a body, that body is an animal, tho spirit an angel. The man behind the material frame, tho real, permanent, conscious self, acts through that body as the invisible electricity through the copper wire, or as the impalpable sunlight through the humid atmosphere. "Absolute scepticism, and consequently utter intellectual paralysis, are the inevitable logical results of any real doubt in tho matter of our own existence." (St. George hi wart}. Believing in mail's spirit, it is a short stop, to believe in the Spirit of God. Finding man in the world, thinking, trusting, hoping, loving, I cannot pause until i find God. Detecting a spirit in the child, I expect to iind the same in the parent. Instinctively we ex claim— Thou wilt not leave us in the dust; Tliou madest lmu, he knows not why; He thinks he was not nude to dio; And Thou hast made him: Thou art just. (In Memorial!!.) There is an analogy, as indicated by Paul, between the nature of man and that of God, (1 Cor., 2-10.) Now observe, many things are indubitably true, although they cannot be de fined ; they aro real, though incomprehensible. We need not go so far as to say with Tertuleian, "It is impossible; therefore I believe it." Yet every day of our lifo we accopt facts impossible of comprehension or explanation. Aud accepting the fact it may be illustrated, e.rj., St. Patrick found an illus tration of the doctrine of the Trinity in tiie shamrock at his feet. Threo manifestations or developments, but one pervasive life. Geometry illustrated it by the triangle, threo sides, but one figure; and Paul's psychology illustrates it when ho teaches that the one man is flesh, soul, and spirit. . Now, while tho incarnation of God is a fact of history, it is not so easy to demonstrate to the intellect the presence and power of the Holy Ghost, Of course wo may summon in evidence human experience. That field, how ever, is too wide, though full of interest and value. But you and I accept this book as containing the "Word of God." To this wo appeal. In it is the fire of Divine Truth, as fire is wrapped up iu coal, and the 'warmth of pious and prayerful thought discloses that hidden fire There is evolution iu tho Bible as else where. It is in the seed and the sapling, in tho growth of a child's body and tho expansion of its inind.. So tho Bible proceeds from less to more, from lower to higher, from good to better, from height to height of truth and doctrine. Hence " the Spirit is not spokon of in tho Hebrew Scriptures as a person, but as an influence" (Candlish), Yet in both the Testaments there is the Spirit of God, " that eternal something, not ourselves, which makes for righteousness." But "what was latent in the Old Testament becomes patent in the New." Tho doctrine of tho "Spirit" corresponds to the doctrine of the "Word." New Testament is related to tho Old Testament as ripe fruit to fair flower. And hero we are taught both the divinity and personality of the Hebrew Scriptures." I believe, on the authority of the Scriptures, that there is a real distinction in tho Godhead, but I cannot define it. Still tbe proposition that there is a real distinction is just as intelli gible as the one that God is self-existent. A multitude of propositions respecting di verse subjects resemble these. We affirm that gravitation brings a body thrown into the air down to tho earth. Tho faot is per fectly intelligible, the terms are perfectly understood, so far as they arc the means of describing this fact. But then, what is gravitation? An affirmative definition cannot be given which is not a mere exchange of ' synonyms j nor can any comparison dpfincit, | for to what, shall wo liken it?" (Stuart's letters to W. E. Channing.) Thou hear, first, what the Book has to say of the Holy Spirit's divinity :—Ho iscallcd God ; lie possesses tho perfections of God ; He performs the works of God; sin against Him is sin against God : Ho exercises tho sovereignty and resistless will of God. Next as to personalityHe. is described as a person ; we are baptised into llis name; and He is invoked in prayer; men arc said to vex, "blaspheme," "resist," "grieve,'" "quench" the Spirit; He teaches, reproves, helps, quickens, regenerates, sanctifies. He is said to know, reveal, bestow power; to dis tribute gifts to every man as He will; to love, to search the deep tilings of God. Of Him it is written that the Spirit "said," "spake." Christ, as a man, was "born of the Spirit;" "anointed," and _ "scaled;" He was "led by tbo Spirit;" He "wrought in the power of tho Spirit;" Ho was "justified by tho Spirit;" He "offered Him self, and was raised by the Spirit." Then, "the Father is all the fulness of the God head invisible without .form, whom no man liath seen or can see." "Tho Son is all tho fulness of the Godhead manifested.' " The Spirit is all the fulness of the Godhead,' acting immediately upon tho creature, and thus making manifest tho Father in the imago of tho Son, aud through the power of tho Spirit" (W. E. Board man). Before I'on to cost tho Spirit was in Christ; at Pentecost Ho entered into tho "body of Christ." His Church. Alfordsays" Christ is the Spirit; is identical with tho Holy Spirit, not per sonally nor essentially, but in this depart ment of llisdivino working. Christ here is the Spirit of Christ." Lango writes;—"We find here such an identification of Christ and tho Holy Spirit that tho Lord, to whom the heart turns, is in no practical respect different from the Holy Spirit received in conversion. Christ is virtually the Spirit. The Holy Spirit is His Spirit" (vide Commen taries on Corinthians). The work of this mystic divine breath is both objective and subjective. He reveals Christ to tho human heart, and Ho transforms us into His likeness. " In the teaching of Paul Ho is represented as dwelling in tho Christian as the principle of moral and religious life" (Candlish). Here andelsew'nere Heiscalled "The Paraclete." Its meaning is, "ono who is called in to give instruction, encouragement, or help, or to appear and plead on our behalf" (Candlish). He is the soul's worthy advocate. And no mean praiso was this amidst our Lord's last words of yearning love, addressed to the chosen few. 1, The mission of the Holy Ghost to tho Disciples.—" He sha]I bear witness of me," " He shall guide you into all tho triitli." (John xvi. 13.) How express tho words, "Yeshall receive cower when tbo Holy Ghost is! come upon you," &c.; And, again, "They ] were all filled with the Holy Spirit." This Spirit was given — 1. to console his j brethren. "I will send." When our Lord's body was received up to heaven His Spirit! was sent forth. He said, "I"will not leave you desolate: I will come to you." Ho ' longer was He with them, a friond walking and talking by their side, but an inward companion, loving and leading them. ■ But before the servants. could receive this gift their Master must leave them. Said Ho, "I tell you the truth; it is expedient for you that I go away, for if I go not away the Comforter will notcome unto you ;but if 1 go I will send Him unto you." " I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Com forter, that He may-abide with you for ever." " He shall glorify Nlo; for He shall take of Miuo, and shall declare it unto you." 2. The Spirit was given to comfort His Father's children. " Whom I will send from the Father." This elder brother He assures them was ascending to His Father and their father. " The Father himself loveth you because you have loved Mo, and have believed that I came forth from the Father." Very few care or need to pursue the abstruse discussions of theology. The, differences between Alices, Socinus, and Sabollius; the history of the filioque clause of the Nicone Creed; the technical meaning of "generation" as applied to the Sou and "procession" as applied to the Spirit—those alike esoteric questions"have but little interest for us. Hut in what .sense God is a Father, Christ, a Brother and the Holy Ghost a Comforter is of interest to us, Amid life's warfare to- day the question is, are we reeoiving the Holy Ghost? Thetis warned Achilles not to proceed to battle without his armour. The Spirit was given to convince and convert thorn to the Truth. "Tho Spirit of Truth. . . He shall bear witness of Me." So long as .Tesus was with _ His disciples they cherished fond expectations of what we may term " the restoration of the tem poral power." Tho Jew looked back upon a splendid line of Icings and conquerors, having a history of peculiar prosperity. How, then, could lie tamely submit to the Roman yoke? lienoe, frequent outbursts and attempts to overthrow tho foreign dominion. But those spasmodic efforts only tended to tighten tho grip of the Ciesar upon his pos sessions. Meanwhile the throne of David was usurped; tlio Temple of Johovah defiled. No wonder tho Jew sighed for a deliverer. And these disciples shared in that sigh. But when Jesus died their hopes expired. His grave became the tomb of their | expectations, and tho boldest man was the greatest coward. Nevertheless, after tho bap tism of Pentecost they understood tho nature of Christ's Sovereignty ; the obligation of his spiritual laws. They freely accorded to him a spiritual homage; they eagerly rendered a spiritual service, and patiently looked for a spiritual recompense; and being converted they strengthened each other, speaking the truth in tho demonstration of the Spirit, and with power. They could not only tell tho truth, but the truth was made to tell. Three thousand wero converted in one day. They went everywhere preaching tho Word. The Holy Ghost sent down from heaven camo as the Spirit of power to strengthen them ; as the .Spirit of holiness to purify them ; as the Spirit of fire to enkindle them as divine j ambassadors. This, then, was the mission of the Paraclete to Christ's disciples, to console thorn in their bereavement, to confirm our Lord's assurances as to God's Fatherhood, and to transform thetn from fear to faith, from de serters into ft-no soldiers ; in a word, to qualify them for carrying on that great work,which their Master had only commenced: And wo know their trust in Gfod remained unshaken, their loyalty to Christ unswerving, their embassage unsurpassed in its success. 2\. Tbemissionof thodisciplestotlio world.— Their function was "boar witness." The ground of their witness, that "they had been with JJim from the beginning." What offoelive witness they bore! How great tho contrast in theso men before and after 3'enecost! The difference was tbat between soldiers at drill and on the battlefield. The drill is performed under com pulsion anrl in the spirit of routine. 'The battle is fought with martial ardour and heroic enthusiasm. What an impulse, con stant ami irresistible, swayed tho apostles after the fire-baptism 1 Their persona! safety was a mat tor of complete indifference. Tliey were poor, hunted from city to city, hated, scourged, killed. Most of them died in j the first century, as your Protestant and Covenant forefathers died in tho six teenth century, under llonush persecution by fire and sword. When forbidden to mention that "blessed name," that "holy way," they replied, " whether it bo right," <te. And hero , I may remind you that the word for " witness" in the Greek is "martyr." So faithful wero those first witnesses that they would rather die than fail to testify for Christ. Thousands on thousands, age after ago, died shameful deaths, cruel, horrible deaths, until at length tho same word which at first described the n as speakers for Christ also declared them to ho sufferers for His sake. When the testimony of tboiv life was rofu cd tho witness of their blood was gladly given. So God caused tho wrath of man to praise him. And the burden of their testimony what was it? The cardinal facts in the history of Christ, llis incarnation, life, deatii, resurrection, ascension, and intercession. Those eventful scenes of which they had been eyewitnesses were proclaimed in season and out. of season. To them wero given " A mouth and wisdom which their adversaries could neither gainsay nor resist." (bov. xxi. 15.) These men were in dead earnest. Thoy ware thoroughly consecrated. And whenever the Holy Ghost is fully received and faithfully obeyed, it becomes-manifest as the Spirit of holiness, and constitutes tho unanswerable argument of the Church. She may suffer criticism at the hands of the world as to her doctrine and discipline, lmt a holy lifo in her mombers is a spectacle from which tho world turns aside confounded and dumb. Tho logic of a consecrated lifo is irresistible. Now I do not say we can either be or do exactly as did these men. Their position was out of the common. Their experience was unique. Nevertheless we must similarly witness for Christ, or Christ will witness .against us. Boar in mind two things. 1. Our Respon sibility.—I am taking for granted that you and T regard those general instructions com municated to tho first Disci files as of perpetual obligation. When Ho told them to witness for Him Ho told us through them to do the same. He says, " As Thou didst send me into tho world even so have I," &c.; Daro wo refuse? Tt is not left to our option? We aro not asked; wo are commanded. "Ho gave commandment through the Holy Ghost unto the Apostles whom He had chosen" (Acts i. 2). Hear these words—" If a man love Mo Ho will keep my word " Tho love of Christ constrainoth us." Yes ; the lifo of a Christian rests on love to Christ. They wore to witness because they had been with Him from tho beginning. We are to witness because He has been with us from the beginning, which is the same thing, saying, "Lo! I am with you j Always." As at tho first, so now, ho says, "As ye go preach," in your daily life, at ilOil home and abroad; with tho eloquence of a _ virtuous, consecrated life testify. Now, if a.Christian, or if trying to become a bettor Christian, can you have any doubt as to your attitude towards the pleasures and pastimes of the world? Have you any right as a "spldier.T a "disciple." a , cross carrier" of Jesus Christ, a "member of His Church," and & " Bubject in His kingdom." a i "ohild of God," a "Temple of the Holy Ghost," I say, nave you any right to be found in company with the moral leper whose look ib a pollution, and whose touch is a stain? or, at least, how dare you as Christians send your sons and daughters into the wilderness to bo tempted of the Devil- albeit, he wears white linen, lavender kid gloves, and eau de cologne? What right have you or I to be rubbing shoulders with the world's,buffoons and the Devil's servitors? " Be filled with, the Spirit" and you will have ' no room for the world's intoxicating and seduc tive vanities, nor will you have any doubt as to your duty. .Sometimes we feel the wish across the mind liush like a rocket tearing up the sky, That we should join with God, and give the world The slip; but wliile we wish the world turns round, And peeps us in the face—the wanton world; Wo feel it gently pressing down our arm— The arm we had raised to do for Truth such wonders; ^ We feel it softly hearing on our side— We feel it touch and thrill us thro' the body— And we are fools, and there's an end of u i! Ah, you say, indicate tho remedy. This is it—"Walk in flic spirit, and .you will not fulfil tho lusts of tho flesh." The same poet just quoted goes on to say:— , Life's more than breath and the quick round of blood; It is a great spirit and a busy heart. i We live in deeds, not years; In thoughts, not breaths; j In feelings, not 111 figuros on a dial. We should count time by licart-throbs. He most lives Who thinks most, feels tho ooblast, acts Hie best, j Life's but a means unto an end—that end ! Beginning, mean and end to all things—God. " Festus," by llayley. Thovo tho remedy is. Remember, you are God's temple. Men and brethren, wo are either witnesses for Christ or we are not. -Believe me, if we fail hero it will bo our eternal loss and disgrace. He will turn aside saying, "I never know you!" Unless you place Him first in your thinking, first m your giving, first in everything, lie will set you aside as a withered branch. To-day every true ambassador of the "good news" is a direct successor to those twelve Apostles as an official witness, and each be liever in his private life is a successor to those 120 brethren as an unofficial witness. The ministry witnesses to the Church j the Church witnesses to tho world. But, as preachers, wo are in danger of becoming perfunctory, professional, and Churr.li members of becoming mechanical and superficial. As ministers wo are Bishops only under our A rchbishop, pur "orders" nro "only "valid" when received from Him. Wo are nothing unless Ho has breathed upon us, saying, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost." Andyouareonly trulyChristians as you receive Him, " put on Christ." "If any have not the Spirit of Christ, ho is none or His." Says St. Basil tho Great—"The Spirit is present with every one who receives Him, as if there were only one receiver, but bestows sufficient and complete grace on all; whom all things that partake of Him enjoy according to tho capacity of 1 heir nature, not to the extent of His power." "It is an ever-recurring thought of the Apostle that only in union vvith Christ can tho Christian be what ho is and ought to be as a Christian (Baur of Tubingen). Now tliis Paraeleto is .Tesus's othor self, as j •Tesus is God's other self (alter eao) "whom the world cannot recoivo, for it belioldeth Him not, neither knowelh Him; ye know Him. for Ho abideth with yon. and shall be in you." (.Tolm >:iv. 17.) "If ye then being evil kuow how to givo good gifts unto your children, how much more your heavenly Father!" It may bo so that we cannot command Kingsley's "muscular" Christianity, but wo can cultivate a masculine Christianity. Heaven preserve us from it emasculated! Some subjects of the so- called " higher life" mistake the oleaginous for the unctuous. As matter of fact thoy belong to that lower order classed as " invertebrate." They part with tho spinal column and become mollusea. Those plume themselves upon their _ super excellence as heaven's special favourites; in tho world thoy are exotics, in the Church carping critics. But, according to Scripture, ho who is filled with the Spirit will also bo clothed with humility. What wo need, and J what the world must yield to. is a religion of j "sanctified commnnsonse"— the renewal and indwelling of the llolv Glio t. We need an I increased manifestation of His presence, J peno". and power. For He is neither withdrawn nor wiihh Id from the Church. A pparent success without that Spirit is failure, Seeming failure with that Spirit is success. Without His fire we are cold; without His power, powerless: without His Spirit, carnal; without His life, dead ! What we require is not new truth, but now trust. "Ask and ye shall receive." But the dovo-Iiko Spirit is p-cntlc and easily repelled. You can welcome Him or refuse. If false, the Spirit of truth cannot, eeme into you. If unwilling. His lire cannot kindle tho good and consume the evil within. We must he "willing" if wo mo to know "the day of His power," "Without holiness no man .shall nee the Lord." But "blessed are tho pure in lirart for thov shall see God." Let un then implore the "Father of our spirits" to charge us anew, as lamps with refined oil. with tho Holy Ghost, to the end that the flame of devotion and lovalty to our Master may bum steadier and brighter than over. As oil the altar so in the heart,. "The fire .shall ever be burning." Would it not appear as if soiuo "had not so uvieh as heard whether there be any ll'dv Ghost, or not?" Or that, they nro his 41 Temple?" And others, again, forget that "the kingdom of heaven is not, meat and drink, but righteousness," &c.; The blight of some Churches is nuspiritual officers and worldly members. They yield far more readily to the spirit of tho age. the .'.n't r/rist. than to iho ".Spirit of God." Increase of wealth induces an ardent love of money : they become "lovers of pleasures more than lovrs of God thov "defile their garments," havo a jsame to live, but are dead! Meanwhile, nlas ! (hey arc all unconscious of the change! Pcrhans soma were never soundly converted to God ; others were uovcr fully consecrated ; others again need reconsecrating; in a word. thoy want more of God. 2\. Our Privilege.—'We may "ask and have." "God will be enquired of for this by the house of Israel." It is a heathen who savs, "God comes to men; nay, Ho comes into ; men. No good mind is . wholly without j God." (Seneca.) "No mind can bo rightly disposed without divine influorico." (Seneca.) | "Tho end of man is to be made like God." (P ythagorean philosophy). If the sacred fircof j the Romans happened at any time to bo ox- i tinguished it could only be rekindled at tho j ravs of the sun. And men are more than men only when made "partakers of the Divino Nature." Christians enjoy a more exuberant life as thov "grow in grace." The TToly Ghost, must become our Holy Guest. " Then the kingdom of heaven ' energizes' itself within us, clothes itself with new force, and if wc are men of force we rise to the occasion ; we redouble our endeavours to subdue tho evil that is in us and to foster the good ; wo givo ourselves with new zeal to tho sor vice of Christ, and of that world which he has redeemed.1' Your privilege is this—you have a mission to the world. "What the soul in the liody is that Christians are in the world." See how prominent and important is this as sot forth in the Acts of the Apostles:—"OF the men, therefore, which have companied with us all the time that tlio Lord Jesus went in and went out among ub . . . of these must one become a witness with us of Imb rssurreotion {L 23). *'ThiB Jesus did God raise up, whereof we all are witnesses" (si. 32). "We are all witnesses of these things, and so is the Holy Ghost whom God hath given to them that obey Him" (v. 32). We are witnesses of all things which he did, both in the country of the Jews and in Jerusalem" (x. 39). " He was seen for many days of them that came up with him from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are now His witnesses to the people" (xiii. 31). "When the blood of Stephen, thy witness, was shed 1 also was standing by, and consent ing, and keeping the garments of them that slew him" (xxii. 20). " And the Lord said, I am Jesus, whom thou persecutest. But arise, and stand upon thy feet, for to this end have I appeared unto, thee, to appoint .thee a minister and a witness both of the things wherein thou hast seen Me and of the things wherein 1 will appear unto thee. . . . that the people may turn from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive remission of sins and an in heritance among them that arc sanctified by faith in Mb" {xxvi. 16.18). A thousand knights in armour clad Hath the lloly Ghost ordained, All His work and will to do, By His living force sustained. Bright tiicir swords, their banners bright; Who would not be ranked a knight Jroreuiost in that sacred HostV Oh 1 whate'er our race or creed' May we be such knights indeed, Soldiers of the Holy Ghost. 