A GABT -HRO N: OR, THE I(YSTLEY OF 1LACK nOL. LOin ans Ga. OHAPTER XXV. . THE OAD MOTP mi. Under one of the greattr is in te~h;.?; ed at Moreton House sat Kimo Lear, ii;t?,adnll, vaeant look in his eyes. " Iow should hbe know," be rejted, over and over, ina dreary moratonr. "Ilowshould he know if it is all a dnanil P" While he sat bloodine that, rdl w.tchiag the yellow leaves as ttry eddd about his feet, there cane flying lawn from the man. sion a small, siender, feialq figure, the face fromh which the dark bha was all cut away, so small, and wan, and pincbrd,and piteous thatitwas hard to teli whe.'jh r it eras the face of a woman or a cld. He looked up as et.a went down on her knees beside him and ci'tchrd his arn with two small hands. SIt is you, little one I? T, what's the ehatter " he said, kindl.. She caught her breath oneza rtwice befor she was able to speali. "King.Lear, oh, hell, me, pity mel" she pieted, her imploring e;ss uplifted. 'They are going to tale my thsly flom me l" "Os, nas they surely wouldn't do that 1" '.Yes, they will. My baby, my precious little baby, Arthur's only baby I" she went oh, great team rolling down her wan cheeks. "They are gain to take him from me. Do you bear, King Lear Mrs. Latimer told me herself, only a inlnute ago, and as soon as I got a chance I fleiw down here to tell yoa. She says I am too weak and ailing to nurse him, and the doct3r says he must be sent any, or into the oEonlp? somehiere, for some s?tAioa veimlih to k ?e y baby, that bai'aleptt 6'my bos?n te lb'or h i as bira. Tb' rO ojaefo tual diri away to-' morrow morning. What pbill I ro Oh, atig Ler, whrit shall I ddla' ' She hat the air ith e'r frantic little hand, and looked up at h wit aface that filled the old nman's eyes*th ter. SPoob little . mother I poor little motherl" t4 murmured, caressing her droonpig head ; it is' cruel enough to keep It ihint.up here. If I could only g?t yol away, ?o m.glt go to the o0a Grapn to. Thd child.motber started to her feet. Sigm t getaway," she whispered. " Am. brme was hered on day; Isaw him. If he had bcird mi, hie would have helped me. Ah, Heaver I before my baby wan born," she continuied, her bosoui rising with eon'l!sive bobs, "'I ase4 to think of throwing mrielf into the liao4 over there. If I only bad, all my inmtis iould hiae been overl" "But that would have been wicked, little one." - - . . I cannot hetp it. Itli?k the Heavenly Father must pity as, 'and forgive us our wickedness, when we suffer as I have su. fered ill these long, weary months. Oh, King Lear, you can't kLow hd~w have osu. ferdlI [am not mad; I hive never been mad for one eingl" minute since they brought me here; bht I think I'm go!ng mad noo; my head teels likeit. If they take my child frotdi i~II shall go raving wild, and I bshall m 'rder.Mi Lithter. She took all my pretty jewels and laces that Arthut a~keme but if 'sh' tAkes my baby, I shall Her ftce was deatlhy white, her eyes like l?rtd stars, her breath came in panting gasps. SShe shall not take your baby, ny poor little gitl I" said the old man, soothingly. " I'll go and see her about it." But her frantic arms held him tight. "No, no; not a wqrd for your life I It would ruin everythipg, and I might never see my baby aalin. I am to have him back to-night, and I shall think of some way." -.'. . ,,iat" whispered'heglrl, th her Eager on her lips. "There gotsN o?iO Roth; I mius fly. King Lear, it anhtbhb happens, yon will bear. heet me in the grdunds, and We'll go together. His eyes brightened. "I wish we could," he answered; "I wlsh we could," "We will. They shall lqt take my baby. I'm thinking of some way. Be ready, King Lear, and wait We will go to gether." She darted from him, and went flat. tering across the windy grounds like a lap. rne angry sounset faded out, t#tligt fell gloomy and chill, and with the night the complaining winds swelled to a flece gale. The village bells had rung for midnight and nearly everylight along the vast frontoi Moreton House was extinguished, when a woman crept out of her cell and ran along onu of the windy corridors, with a flickerng tiper in her hand. Her face was bloodless, and her eyes shonelike fire. "I'll do it," she muttered, between her shut teeth; "I'll do it, and save my baby I" Half an hour thereafter a villager riding along the lane raise4 a lusty outcry of fire. Failing to araind the?lmates,he left the road and pounded furiously at the gates, shotting "Fire I fire l" with every breath, By the time the keepers bad heard and hbe doorsm of Moreton House were thrown open,a greut sheet of flame fluttered drom the main cupola, like a royal banner. "Firol fire! firel" A dozen throats took up the cry, and re peated it; and the mad winds whirled the flames hither and thither till formiles arend the starless night was illuminated. Moreton House was in flames I The in mates came pouring ouat lik bees from their hire; and the ecene that followed defies des cription. : In the midst of the gemera?l trmoil,: irhile the fire raged.and roared, and the cell door were.being battered ddbo ,end th bpoor, craned reitoret dancad iand shrieked in their fright, a little fg.te Bittec4aebost the grounds, ith a cluselyfcapped brindle a! '"KIng ? or," aa hisperd, seizing the oll mn'sarm, as h6 t "Ibobwilldered amid the general tdri.(nlt" emet I told yon I should think 01 Bpm6 s?ay I Bee, they are all fr.', and'the hitifnl ifIe are In domes He caught her arm and.drew heralong be side him, a flash of beniterient and inergy lighting hb face. .. SYes, youh art bight," he answered. "WI win go together. ClIp the child close, an And throh tl1 e fire.lit groundes thr,ugh the widupean tatet, away from th+ mad, simaltees cnowathey burgled; l+d dRAPTER xIVU. A TIS?GPE ADVEYTUBRE. Ambrose Gerhorb kept his word. lie went hack to London, and'had an interview irith Mr. Parkhurst, the Trvetione solicitor is which he related all he knew in re?nards to the strange man who called himself King Le'r. 'Hle may be Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, and e: may not be," the London Iaoyes sai rered. " Howev.r, the matter shall be In. 'esticted. We will visit Horeton House at :once, and if your susipieloos should uroyn well founded, sir, I will see that you retelv the promised reward. Miss Trevithon ha offered a handsome one for any informatio, concerning Sir Geofrey, su, without doubt you know." "I do not know," answered Ambrose, witi a flash of scornful anger. "Nor do Icare. wouldn't touch a cent of Miss Trerethon's re ward if I were starring." Mr.Parkhurnt smiled, and Ambrose, having done his duty in this quarter, determined tL set his face homeward. Somehow or o:hei the inclination to pursue his journey had l]fl him. He must tarry in England and see the end of this affair. Moreover hIe was pnzz!ed about that voice that had called his name from the mad.house tower. Was it a parrot, as the crazy gentle man bad said, or was it some one who knew him? A fancy possessed him that it might be Isabel,l and he could not rest until he had seen 3?anl about it lInt what chance could harve thrown p?,: litt?s hlabel into a mad house? The idea seened absurd. Ambrose went homd, neverrtheless, aned reached the Felliile farm one wintry night, when the rst snow of the neauon wra talling. lIe found the windows alight, ond Maud ia the est parlor; She had a visitor--Sir Harry "fH loskid a trfle8 embarraunoed whe?rAm Oranges are refreshling and feelinr, hut are not good if the liver is out of order. brose entered, and said something about re turning to thevillege. '! Wait a little while," said Mand, with het frank simplicity of manner,; "m broet will be going back presently, and you will be corpany for each uthodi and you shall both have a cp of hotcgitee before youe "ta t . .; - Sir Hairy seemed nbthing loth to comply, HeI1itled back Into his scat in the fireside dorner, his handoine eyes following Maud, as she moved shouet, with an admiration he cotl! not conceal. "I' an so glad you have chdaiged your mild, Ambrose and come bnqk," MHud said, nb she put her shining coteo urn bhefor the coals. "Your mother has beeit fretting so about you, and she is really ill." "Ill ? Poor mother, is she? Then I must tell my 1tory, and hurry on. I havdn' been hotie yet, I'm on my way from London. . He related his adventures at Moreton Houise, and told of the cour be had pur. sued in London. Sir Harry listened with in. terest. "You saw Mlis Trevcthon, of course 2" he said, when Ambrose had finished. "What view did she take of tbhe matter?" Ambrose struck the coals a blow with the poker, that sent them sparkling all over the hearth. "I did not see Mliss Trevethn,'" he an. swered almost wrathfully; "there was no need. I saw her solicitor, and I am done with the whole thing." Sir Harry smiled significantly, as if a new ihonght had struck him, ind glanced across at Maud, butshe took no iheed. Her thoughts were busy wits the story Ambrose had told her. "In a mad-houser My poor little sister I It surely cannot be, Ambroee Baut I must go to Moreton House, and find out. 1 shall start to-morrow." "I'll go with you," said Ambrose, "U mother is not too ill." Sir Harry fidgeted in his chair. "I don't see how she could have got into a mad-house, Miss Melville," he said, "but of course you will want to be sure. But to make such a journey in this wretched weather, with such a slender chance of success I Let me go in your stead. I will leave no stone unturned, I assure you." Maud gave a grateful glance. "You are very kind, and I thank you, Sir Harry, but I must go myself,"she said. "And to think, Ambrose, Arthur Marlowe marries again on Thanday." "He does?" "Yes; Sir Harry came to tell me. He has been miking inquiries about poor Isabel, but has heard nothing, only that I" "The villain I" cried Ambrose, through his set teeth. "I told you all along, Mand, he was lying. I wish I bhad followed my indination, and throttled him, when I met him in London that dayl Poor Isabel I How soon the ereteh forgets her when ,he Is so anxiohs to marry again, in this brief time." "That's Lady Irarlowe's doings," Sir Harry put in. "She actually forces him to marry the Lady Blanca, they say. It is a strange piece of business altogether. I really don't think he knows where your sister is, Miss Melville. I spoke to him about her, and he seemed to be bewildered. He is not sound in mind, that's evident, and the most miserable looking fellow-a mere shadow." "And he marries on Thursday, neverthe. less, a titled lady," sneered Ambrose. "Bah I don't tell me about him I A lying, cowardly villain. Let him cross me again, and I'u settle the accodnt." "Come and drink your coffee," said Mand, "and then you must go." "If I statt for Moreton House to-morrow, I have no time to lose." They drank their coffee, and having bid their fair hostess good-night,ict forth to gether. "I shall be up again in the morning, Miss Melville," said Sir Harry, raising his hat and standing uncovered in the *hite, whirling snow; " there may be some service I can do for you. You must bear in mind whatagreat debt I owe you." land smiled,and her smile was indescrib" ably sweet and winning. "You owe me nothing, Sir Harry. Good. night" The doorof the Fellsidefarm-house closed, and thb two young men journeyed across the moor together. "Suppose you go on with me; I can give you comfortable quarters," said Ambrose, when they reached the cross-roads leading down to the village. Sir Harry thanked him, but refused, and they were about to separate, when something caught the eyes of Ambrose-a twinkling light far above. "Look up yonder," he cried, "there's a light in the old manor-there is, by Ione 1" "So there isl" Sir Harry responded. "What does it mean I" "Who can tell? I must go up and find "Not to-night ?" "Yes, to- night. Why nd ?', "Well, one might get throttled by outlaws, or worse, encounter the ghosts." "I do not fear either. I'm going, and Ibid you good.night, sir." "Not so fast, my friend," laughed Sir Harry. "One would think you had had enough of that bewitched old honse. But have your way, however, if to you will, you must per. mit ne to accompany you." "There is no need. I am not afraid." "Nor I, and two heads are betterthanone, We will go together. "So be it," said Ambrose, and side by side they left the moors and ascended the hill path toward the Haunted Orange, As they neared the old house the light grew more distinct. It gleamed from the window of a chamber that opened upon the Southern terrace. The young men made their way up the steep ascent, erossed the dismal hollow, and sntered the grounds. Sir Harry had pro cured a stout stick which he carried in his right hand. "We may meet with a warmer welcome thab we care to have. At any rate it will do no harm to be prepared for the wont," he said, Ambrose took no heed, bct strode striight on across the grounds and up the terrace steps, looking neither to the right nor the left. The window, half torn from its casement by the high winds, was accessible fron :the terrace. Ambrose, reaching it first, swung himself epto a level with thesill, and looked The room within was only dimly lighted by' i common candle, but on the ruined hearth a fire burned, and before it crouched two human figures, an old man, his white beard flowing to his breast, and a woman-a small, girlish thing, with an infant clasped to her breast. Ambrose could see them distinctly,in the circle of the firelight, and while he looked on in wonder and curiosity, the woman's voice arose, singing in tweet, tremulous tones,a lullaby to the child. Something in the voice went straight to the heart of Ambrose. He gave a sudden start, and the window-sill gave way, The woman, startled by the sound, turned sharply round, and he ~aw her face. "Merciful Heaven I" he cried out, leaping back to the terrace. It is Isabel!" CIAPTERB XXIX. A SCEPRcE AT THE ooAnIAGE. "And to-morrow is Thursday, anhd Arthur's wredding.day," said Sir Harry, signirficantly, u they sat around the hearth of the fellside farm houase, on the following morning. -I beg your pardon, Miss Melville, but what ever you decide to do must be done at once; I there sn'ta minute to lose." I Isabel sat in her father's old chair, with Sher babe at her briast. She had told the Iwhole of her sorrowful story from beginning to end. Shie had heard of her father's death, of Arthur Marlowe's approachin marriage, but her white, sad face id not bange, She did not shed a tuer, or ttter a wo of re. gret;she only lo~ked about her with her Pre.t, solemn eyes, and nestled close to Maud, clasping the babe to her bosom. "This is home, nod you won't it them come here and take my baby from me, will you, Maudle i" was all she said. "Poor little mother i her trouble has 'ased her," eaiel King Lear. "They all get that way at .Moreton HIouse, poor cren. tures i" " 'Yon are right," sanid Ambrose, in reply to Sir Harry's remark; "there is no time to lose. What do yn say, HMaud Shall Arthur Mar:owe's marriage go on or not 1" " It shall en/t o on i" sre onswered, her black eyes flaoshing. ?ily sister and her child shall go to yIrlowe tla!l. We will start at once. Isabel, dearest," she con. tinte, turning to her eeRer, "youi11 go with me, I knowv. Your child's father s!all not cagst you off and marry another woman." Isabel lifted her solemn onre. "I'll do nnyOthing you soa, la:; lie," sie 011 potatoes are improved by peeling nond Eoaking in water for a few hours before cooking, replea, meeply. " But yoi'll not let thbe take my baby " .t S"o, darling; no one shall touch yeoui baby," answered Maud. "My. poor JlttIp rioter l" she added, aside. "See wha they have made herl er mind is quite gohpl Do you think I shall let them go uan punished I" . Sir. harry flushed and looked embar. rased. . :.' Nd, Mias Melville, not if you have power to punish them," hb saido if but areyousure y o u c a n 1" i . ' '"1'hy Wll1 t do you menno Didn't Arithur 3elarluw marry my sister I" .!' I beg~ yii pardon, Mliss Melville, but we nmut have the proofs. There are such things as mock marriages, you know." "If he dared todislhonor her, I'll havehis life for it,"said Ambrose. Maud's Olive cheeks grew painfully red, but she turned resolutely to Isablel "Isabel, dear, you remember when you were married to Arthur, don't you i" she asked, gently. Isabel looked up, a faint smile lighting her sad eyes. "Oh, yo, Maldie, I remember l The dreariest, stormy day it was, and I was so homesick, and he took me, through ever so many smoky streets, to a great church, with candles on the altar, and music that made me cry, and there we were married l' "OoSd, little mother; you're not so far gone as I th:lugiht," cried King Lear. " Bit, love," continued 3Manl,' was there no wedding ring, no marriage certificate ? Tr and think." sabel put her thin hand to her head, a bewildered look in her eyes. After a minute she broke into a little, gleefulsort of laugh. "Oh, I remember, How stupid of me to fo.get. Wait one minute, 3laudie," she cried. And putt:ng up her foot on the side of her sister's chair, she began to unlace her boot. "They were such pretty boots once," ashe rambled on, childishily. "Artlhur bought them for me in London. He said I must have good, stout ones, to walk with him about the grounds. He grave me so many nice things, Arthur did, but MIm. Latimer took them all, my pretty laces and jewels. I saw her wearing my opal bracelet a little while before I ran away I But I're had my ierenge I That was a glorious fire, wasn't it, King Lear? Didn't all the hateful cells blaze up I Mrs. Latimer can't lock up the poor creatures any more, can she ?" "No, indeed, they all ran away that night, I'll warrant," laughed the old man. Maud watched her sister curiously as she continued to unlace her well-worn shoe. "Go on, Isabel," she said ; "what were you saying about the shoes?'" The wild fire which had blazed up in Isa. bel's eyes died out. . ' I forget so soon," she said, simply, "My mlnd seems to wander. It was the marriage certflacte I was talking about, Arthur gave it to me the same day we were married, just as we were getting ready to go to Marlowe Hall. 'Take good care of it, Isabel,' be said,' and hide it in a safe place; you might need it some day.' I was putting on my new boots, and I 'ore a little place loose, and slipped it down under thelinlng, Arthur laushing at me all the while. It sta there, and when they locked me up in the mad'house I put my wedding.ring with it; and Mrs. Latimer didn't get them, because she had big feet, and didn't care to take my shoes; and here they are yet." She drew forth a plain gold ring, and a slipof folded paper, and put them in Mand's band. "What a cunning little mother it is, tobe sure," laughed King Lear. "Who would have thought it?" Mand looked at the paper,and then passed It to ir Haey. - "It is a genuine certificate," he said, when he hbad examined it; "she is Arthur Marlowe's wedded wife." "Then his marriage with another woman shall not go on," cried Ambrose bounding to his feet. " Come, Mand, let us make ready for the journey at at once." The wedding feast is set, the wedding goests are assembled; the bride sits in her bower with her maids about her, all clad in her bridal finery, the orange blossoms on her brow, her silvery veil floating to her feet. Lady Marlowo, in her silk and diamonds, swept in. "Edith, love," addressing her daughter, who is chief bridesmaid, "we are quite ready. Biane, dearest, how very well you are looking, Give me a kiss, and we'll go down." Lady Bianea turns with languid grace and holds np her cheek to receive the motherly embrace; and then, rustling and shining like a silver stream, the bridal train swept oat, and down stairs. At the ehurch, the bridegroom and his party are to join them. They enter the waiting carriages, and are driven away under the leaden, wintry skies. " Ah," sighs Lady Marlowe, under her breath, falling back amid the cushions, "when this is well over, how exceedingly relieved I shall feel." Over the frosty, frozen roads, under the black arches of the clanking trees, they fly along; and away In the distance, another vehicle, a closed carriage, drawn by two panting horses followed them. The carriages arrive at the church, and the bridal party get out. OldSir Hereford and his son awaits them at the entrance; the son looking older than the father, so terribly have the last twelve months changed him, His face is colourless, the hair on his temples are streaked with gray, his eyes have a strange, introverted look, as if he were walk. ing in a dream. "Ah, here you are, Arthas," called out Lady Marlowe. He gave a slight start, glanced about him wistfully as if looking for som, thing he had no hope of finding, and then advanced to meet them. " If it must be done the sooner it is eves the better," be muttered, under his breath, as they filed down the isle. They took took their places before the altar, and in sonorous tones, the clergyman began the ceremony. (Toe Contlinuved.) 