A Blackall Ghost. THE Independent saysIt will be remembered that about twelve months ago a portion of the skeleton of a human being was found on the Blaokall-Barcaldine road, about six miles from Blackall, buried in the centre of the road, only a few inches from the surface. The bones were removed and buried at the foot of a tree near the place, and the matter had almost been forgotten. But interest in the affair has considerably revived of late, and at the present time there are many Blaokatt residents who would not pass the place alone at night for either loveor money. The supernatural has been in evidence re cently, and now the Barcaldine road claims the dignity of a full-fledged ghost. The first recorded appearance of the spectre W&b; about a month ago. On that occasion, a bright moonlight night, Messrs. Banks' Bros, coach from Barcaldine was passing the spot where the bones were found, at about 9 o'clock, when one of the passengers-a repre sentative of one of the leading Sydney wool brokers-saw what he declared was a man standing by the side of the road, a short distance in front of the coach. He drew the attention of the driver and the other passen gers to the man, who he thought was wait ing for the coach, but when the others looked the figure had disappeared, although there was not the slightest shelter or hiding place near. From there to Blackall record time was made on that occasion. The wave of excitement was dying away, until on Sunday last it was revived in all its intensity. Just after dark on the evening of that night a local cyclist was passing the place, when he saw the shadowy form of a man, with arms uplifted above his head. The phantom figure slowly disappeared into some small tcrub near, and the cyclist' B attention being taken from his bicycle the machine struck a stump and the rider came a cropper. Here again the remaining portion of the journey to town was done in time which would have made Martin or Lesna turn green with envy. However, of one thing there can be no doubt, the two gentlemen here referred to are honest in their belief-the one that he saw something supernatural, and the other that he either saw a spectre or else someone trying to frighten him. 