BRIEF NOTES AND COMMENTS. Svdncy police arc seeing ghosts. The Sandy Creek GpCdtields Cominpn is abolished. New Insolvent. — Neil Sutherland, of Beechworth. Municipal elections throughout the colony take place to-day. Sir Charles Lilley, ex-Chief Justice of Queensland, died on Friday. Dr. Tu Her to n. aged 113, died sad ienly at North Carlton. Heart trouble. Estimates provide .£-100 for Wodonga S’lire to assist in maintaining Albury Road. James Clements, one of tlie oldest Beech worth miners, died on Tuesday, aged 0-1. Jack Hackott, of Allan’s Elat, is now under ground boss iu the Great Boulder mine, W.A. Langlauds’ foundry, in Melbourne, lias boon closed, throwing 200 men out of work. Mrs. King, wife of the P.M. at Orange, while daueiiig at a hall, took a lit ail'd died. City salesmen do not sec any prospect of a reduction in price of meat until November at the earliest. Geo. Donnelly, an old-time jockey, who won the Y.R.C. Derby on Robin Hood, died last week, age.l 51. An attempt was made to burn down a boarding-house at Finley. Placo narrowly escaped destruction. Duke and Duchess of York, now touring Ireland, are being enthusiastically received by the Irish people. The Legislative Assembly oxpires on 3rd October. General elections take placo two or throe weeks later. Sir Wm. Jcrvois, former Governor of Smith Australia, fatally injured by a carriage accident in London. Tadmor weeps with indignalii n ! In Par liament last week a member wanted to know “ Where is Beechwordi ?" Denny M‘Kay, a crack footballer of South Melbourne, died last week from a severe internal complaint, aged 2D. During the past three months 2-100 tons of vegetables have passed through Albury by rail from Melbourne to Sydney. Mr. R. M. Stewart, draughtsman in Beeehworth Lands OJIice, appointed receiver and paymaster at Warmcknabeal. .Mill inous outbreaks in British navy conse quent. on Admiralty issuing an order stopping leave of absence to. crews. A contingent of British troops is to be despatched to Australia to return tlie visit of the Australian troops to England. J. Allan, well-known Albury cyclist, died on Thursday, from pneumonia, contracted through receiving a wetting while on a tour. Another subsidence at the M‘-Evuy mine, Eldorado, on Sunday. Fortunately no lives were lost, the men being on tho surface at the time. W. H. Burgess, steward of Melbourne Club, who brought soino clothes from Eng land for other people without paying duty, was lined £100. Owing to had roads between Jamieson nml Wood’s Point, two mail coaches broke down, and mails are now convoyed per horse. Tu wong Shiro is not so bad as that—yet ! Captain of steamer Cygnet reports that, while passing Gulf of Carpentaria, ho en countered shoals of dead fish for a dis anue of 50 miles. Supposedly killed by earthquake Postmaster-General Dully is not dead or lost. Tho last heard of him lie was at Naples on his wuv to Melbourne, where lie \yill arrive in about a fortnight, in time to draw his screw before tho dissolution. 17 cyclists fined os. at Malvern for hieyelo riditig on footpaths. The Argus weeps in all its eyes over tlie idea of the a1 tentative of “4S hours’ imprisonment” being recorded against “ respectable ladies and gentlemen.” The Argus is distressed at tlie “ curled dar lings” of Toor.uk being treated by law tho same as tho “ eommou herd.” At Mittngong, N.S.W., a man named Murray called on a friend named O’Reilly, by whom he was asked to have a glass of ram. In mistake a bottle of carbolic acid was passed to Murray, who drank a glass. Ho died in groat agony an hour afterwards. Attorney-General Isaacs presented with an illuminated address by representatives of civil service, who congratulated the presence upon tho honesty of purpose, determination and ability which had enabled him to riso from the ranks of tho civil service to his present elevated position. 