T#E FATAL HEIRLOOM. Btf Una Rob, Author of "The Fob bidden Naur," &c.; Chapter I. THE GUAfiDIATff AHGEL. Our hearts are watches, and every beat Is a tick that registers life's retreat; . In our-Bather's mansions with marvels rife ;Ib fchekey that has woimd them up for life. JDead ! Was he quite dead ? Not a muscle moved, not a sigh or groan escaped hiui as he lay there on an empty truck, a bruised and mangled heap. 'It was a terrible accident—ho wonder if he were killed and, lay. silent and motionless for ever. But was he quite dead ? Some one ran for the doctor. A crowd soon gathered round where he lay. The traffic on the jetty was suspended for the jbirae being ; the oaen on: the coal; steamer stood near the body with pity and horror written on their dust-begrimed faces, telling how it happened. He was a new hand—this Jack. Brown—and had been engaged I in landing the coal. The chain from, which the basket waB suspended had given wray—broken—and the man was jdasbedion. to the lower deck. Surely he must be dead. A man made his way through the little crowd. 'There were never many persons about the jetty at that time of {fay in Wallaroo, and the crowd was not formid able. The people moVe'd aside themselves When they saw. the new-comer, and let him approach the1 poor mangled body on the truck. Someone began, an explana tion for his benefit, but he held up his hand for silence. " There is 110 time to 'he lost," ssid he, "the poor fellow is not quite gone, fie must be taken to the hospital. Here, Tom Kelly, and you ' Saunders, give' a hand to cake him there ■without delay. It is only a distance of five minutes ; go slowly." " fie may die on the way, sit," 'remonstrated the men. "He won't die, I tell you—not' before you get .there." Tbey came forward theii, and others with thesm. As- they moved the man he opened his eyes; looked with a wild, -half-conscious gaze at the sky, and gashed out " A priest, sertd. for a priest?." Then he sank into oblivion once more, while the men moved slowly on with their burden, apd the man -who had given'the orders for his removal turned about to select the best atid swjftest messenger to go for the priest. There was ho priest nearer, than Kadina, a town six miles from Wallaroo, apd there Was hot a moment to he lti&t.; ; His eye fell on a man,; who was leaning against the rail of the jetty with a fishing line in hand, and he strode over to hiin with the intention of dispatching him on the errand. "Dick, just run to the house, saddle Thunderer, and gallop to Kadina for the priest. Doin't delay. The poor fellow may he dead tyefore many hours; have '"T thought he was dead," remarked the mah'addresBed',; 'as he rolled: up his fishing line. "'What ishis name ?" ,i: "Brown—Jadk' Brown. But I know no more about him. He is a stranger in ;W^llarod,:aftd——'why " What is the matter, Dick ? You are as white as a sheet." Uh, nothing ; a,sudden pain. It will pass awayj" And heput his hand to his ndart. " I'll be off now." . He walked on briskly then ; the other stpod wafcchinghim for a minute with rather arian'xiouB countenance. A'casual observer would have supposed .these two men to be. twin brothers, they were so much alike. Their degree of re lationship, however, -was not so close; theyjvere ,only first cousins. • They-were certainly veiy much alike in form and feature, the sani^ shade of brown hair add moustache, tfie 'same blue eyes, though Dick'shad often a dreamy look in their quiet depths, while his cousin's keep, bright eyes had no semblance of dreaming in them, and his glance seemed to look you through. Both; were tall, well-built, handsome, youdgmeh. Both even spoke wfith a like tone add accent; unmistakably Irish,''with a touch of the sweet, old brogue in .it, .and both were'the same age, thirty. Their dispbsitioriS were not ' alike, nor yrerq their idannprs and habits. -Richard Esidopde loved'leisure, or; more properly speaking, Idleness; and was a careless, jApklees prodigal and spendthrift, good ^)|Kd, and1' easy-going, but unstable as ttater'; in -shbrt, a - selfish, heartless, who spent most of his time ing dipthipg, or' worse. ! His cousin, elU'Mara; 'MibhtoVO'lltata; Wte jiist the-reverse;; a ha¥Q-working? hohest fellow, and - highly : ifesppcfed in the whole district, possessing an earnest dathre, s^ightforward and tlikble. His manner lafiked'the amiability hiseoiisin s, dfabse'winpjngdddressadd -ples^adt ^nvott»tion ' jnaide hirn a boon • coripamon MfcKaiceriairi' class of people, ibid*W<in tutor bbpiilarity; fri1/ spite; tof his tWdhabitsand hisishlfishnesisi MicbpelV .nguejv'JXMo cm l ■ spoke little.. His cousinJDick had aready flow of language at most times., Michael 0'Maii's!: n6ihe-#ias in Wallatbo; his em ployment being that-of traffic manager on -,the railway between that town and'Ham ley Bridge./. Richard Esmonds had lately lost a situation in Adelaide, where he had been clerk in a public office. At present he was doing' nothing, and was waiting, so he said, for Something to turn up, in the,meantimeliving: ori,the .bounty of his grandfather, Richard-; Esmonde; ■>' senior, \- who also tesided in Wallaroo. ; ■ Both . Richard and I Michael: lived with the grandfather ; only Michael., paid for his board and lodging, as he. considered he had a right to do{ and 'though the grand parents .assured him from: the first day he , came to live..: with . him < that he,..- was . .welcome as. a son, Michael was obstinate, arid carried his point... * i ■ ' ' ; Old Esmbnde and J his 'wife'were cblo \- nists from, the early days in South Aus ■, tr&lia.; They had seen many upa - and . downs in the land of. their adoption^ and had made a little money to spend on their children, and some to lay byfor their old -age. Hence they were fairly welloff. Indeed, , it was suspected that the old man had asecret store of gold4 about which,he ' kept his own counsel, and which would eventually find its way Into the pockets of ' hiB favorite grandson—thereckleSs, worth less Richard, for, with all -his faults, : Richard was the darling of the old/man's Heart, though old Esmonde did not ' countenance that grandson's bad' habits or \- foolish ways. He always hoped he would mend. Young Richard's patents were . both dead, and be was an only son— : the only child of old Richard ;-Esnaonde's only. son. Michael , O'Mara, was the . daughter's child, and one. among many. : A sister of his, a poor cripple, girl of six teen, who,had been,injured, bj alailAio her infancy, was also , a member of., the . family of the house, on, the hill, " Morton Villa," as■ it was called, .where the Es . mondes lived. Moreton Villa faced the sea, commanding a wide., view nf the bay, with the ships in the harbor, and across the gulf the low, hazy line of hills which bounded the horizon. On the land side the tall smoking chimneys of the smplting works held a prominent place in the pros pect.. Most of the men and boys of Wallaroo are employed, in the copper smelting industry, and ships call at. the port for cargoes of the useful metai, or, more often still, for wheat, which comes there by rail from different parts of the : colony,. to be shipped to other lands. This constant and, at times, heavy traffic oh the line gave few idle moments to Mr. O'Mara, and that suited him exactly, for beloved hard.work as a .rule, lalmost as much as he loved little Molly, the sister who was a hunchback,, and as plain, as | her grandmother of seventy-seven. Molly was Migh⪙'s pet, and she fully returned the affection, and loved him with all the devotion of a deeply affectionate nature. From Richard she shrank with an instinct . of fear and aversion, though he was not unkind to her, in fact, never took much notice of her at all. She was, standing at the gate watching for Michael, on the evening of the, day when the accident happened to the. man on the coal steamer. She kne w all about it, for Richard had told her when he came for the horse to go toKadina. It-was time for Michael to be at home now. Molly's wistful jeyes were tired, of .looking out for him. She turned to look at the ship that lay anchored at the end of the jetty. It had been loading with whe&tall; ' day. Perhaps Michael was there still at work, for the trucks were running up -and down the jetty. Then a hand was laid softly on her hair, and a kind voice said— , Well, .Molly Bawn, am I late this evening, and shall I get no. supper, 1 .1 have, been to see that, popr, man in the hospital." .: ;, Molly turned quickly to greet him with her happy smile, then it saddened, at . his gravelook. "Is he badly hurt, Michael ? Richard said he would,, die." "The. doctor,,has been there/; he says there's home hppe. ,, The man. may. Recover with pare. Heis still unconscious, however,and he. is •' fearfuUydujqipdlf.' . ■ .'j: ."Rflcl , ■ •" No, Father Keatjhg was , hot, ,.in Kadina ; hpfciahay^n.f^to^laer, siqk pal! ; hewillheherethi8eveping.,' .. '' Has. Hick come in,. yet ? Had his _ tea ?" ( ; ' ~i. ' "Oh, yes, and goqq away, again ina ; great-jhurry.;, :Gpme,lh;h^ jwjre .. yours ,; you must be sohungryand tirecl * ■iGranny hae be®P scolding faway hepause !iyouj areJate. Bpt.ypu nepdn'trainflbhr, her, time. ,Sbe is getting,quite childish, ;impr£qld^ranhy.,'jriJ(« rif fiph® mother'?; n>mdwas flm •JlWflf. w?d though wm* •bus ye, and medarlmt goingacross the sea to ^^nes and JPteirs, and I don't know what ■ Tie wants1 with' bones 'and hairs, unless he's gbing to sell 'em to a ragman. :' 0 dear, nO dear jwhiat'sthegobd bf you, Michael O'Maraj that you don't take more bare bf thatboyaMkeCp himathp.rriei'' " What db yob mean, grandmother ?" ' asked Michael. "LsBick.going&Way; ? B!e did bot tell me inching about it"' ' "That's wtatb breaking my poor old heart. I know I'll never see him again. Picking up bones and hairs, too. He's 'gone right off to itake his passage in that " leaky old tub that's moored up. alongside of the jetty;" 1 X ' "O, I understand now," said Michael, f That barque is the 'Stanley Castle;' and she's taking a cargo to Buenos Ayres, in South America. But what in the name of wonder has' possessed pick to Want to go there ? "'Why,' she 'sails the day after tb-mortbwX ' Hbrb, Jgive' me my coat, Molly deair ; I muat look after this fellow; don't fret, Granhy; .he shall not go." "That's a darlint, Michael asthore; you are not so bad, hut you might be worse. My blessing be wid ye." " There, now !"■ exclaimed Molly, as Michael went out. "He has only had onesup and bite, .and he so hungry, I'm sure. I wish cousin Dick would stop at home. Coirie, Granny, let us go out on the Verandah ; it's nice and cool there. Grandfather is there all by himself," and she led the old grandmother out to hier own armchair in a corner bf the verandah. The sun had gone down, and the air blew fresh from the sea. It had been a hot day. Several persons now availed themselves of the cool change of evening to walk beside the sea, or over the bill side, where the breezes roamed at will. Old Mr. Esmonde was pacing up and down the garden path, now and then ' stopping to lean on his stick ahd look out over the landscape, or rather the sea scape with a troubled anxious gaze. In days gone by he had been a strong, stal wart man—straight as a rod—a fac simile of Richard Esmonde, junior. ■ Hard work \- ahd the trials of life had told on his strength as much as the weight of years, and his frame was bent, his stepB were . feeble, his hair and beard quite white. ButhiB keen eye was not one whit dimmed, . nor had his ■ memory and intellect failed him to any notable degree. . He had been a soldier in his young days, and the bear ing of the soldier might be marked in him still. He had not recovered from the . shock occasioned by the news of the . favorite Richard's intended departure from the shores of Australia. He saw no reason for it, and only a week since he had made a will, leaving almost every thing, to Richard. X have said the old people enjoyed the .comforts of life in their, old age, but they lived .in a simple, plain way, and the . money, saved from farming and mining— invepted in stocks and shares—lay safe in the banks at present. Besides the. re serve fund, they owned a little property, five or six cottages, all tenanted, and bringing regular returns in rent. The old EsmohdeB had no need to work now, they could take their well-earned rest for ' their few remaining years of life. Yet the old man was seldom idle. He was busy in his garden, or soine little bit of carpen tering, or anything at all- that his hands or head could find to do. They kept one servant in the house, and a man for the stable and the rough work generally. The shadows of evening grbw darker. Still the cousins did not return. The old " people were fidgety; grandmother began to cry again. The old mail catne to sit down beside her, and say a' few cheering words. ' . "1 woman t mind, sobbed the old lady, ** if he were only going to Ireland, for maybe he'd pick up wid Dan O'Conhell, and get a decent living, who knows*' " Well, Dan O'Connell couldn't help him much, my dear, for the great man is dead these many years." " Dead !" echoed she. "I remember him well enough, as though it were yester day, and 'there were no signs of dyingon him thep. -Why is , Dick going at all, deary?" " That's more than'I can tell you. He takes freaks, and; it is no, use trying to move him when once he 'makes iup his mind to a thing. He is like me in that. We have got the same headstrong 'will. Oh, I daresay he won't stay there; ■ he'll come hack again. Why, if I- ain't very much mistaken, he has a special attraction in Wallaroo. That's what kept him here ; so longi tind sobered' hiiri down a bit, and set him thinking. about setting ttr'some steady empJoymept. He has only bCen waiting bis chance, you know. On? he is bound, to come back, unless—maybe that's why he is clearing off .ao^eu^den V rnayhe .she has said ' No,' aud it's mi up between them." . '.' Who ? Who is i0r" . asked ,the] ©Id woman, eagerly; "Imeverjheard nothing about it. He said nothing to me;"-i d s v''Why, -my (dear^ 'yoti might-have known ifVou'kCpt youreyes open. JHe'1s sSipWliif and settle down. " But you have not told me her name," said the old lady. '' I don't know anyone in Wallaroo good enough for Dick." ' \- " Well, who else would it tie but 'Casey's eldest daughter." ' 1 "Oh.gtendmoth'ei!" broke iri Mblly. "Nbt Annie Casey! of all the girls in Wallaroo 1 Annie Casey would riot have cousin, Dick." •. . V.Why not, you saucy puss ?" said the grandmother. " The Caseys are; only just copper smelters, and not worth much. ; Why shouldn't Annie Qasey be jproud of . him,? What has she got against him ? Did she tell you 1" . "Jfo, granny, and I didn't ask her; only she is too good ,for him, she is. the beBt girl in the world." Molly's face was red, and her voice shook. The grand mother operied her month and lier eyes in astonishment. But what she might have said was left unspoken, as at that moment Michael and Hichard1 appeared on the scene, the latter not very steady on his feet either. He tumbled on to the veran dah arid into the house, muttering as he passed in— " 'Xcuse me, ladies, I'm just a little slightly sober, and will retire to my apartment." . Michael threw himself into a seat with a deep sigh. "There he is, as you see, going to the dogs, and will go. I traced him to the ship, he had been and gone; went after him to the wheat sheds, where I was told I should find him, not there ; came , upon him at last in the bar of the Cornucopia, too stupid to know what he was saying. Then t brought him home." "I thought he had given lip drink," said old Esmonde. '' He'll never do a day's good if he falls into that bad habit again. That and play—its the ruin of him." " I know that," said Michael. " That is how he lost his last situation, and the one before. However, this sea-voyage may quench his thirst, and teach him sense." "But you do not like the notion of his going, do you, Michael ?" said Molly, creeping up lo her brother's side, and looking into his grave countenance. "No, MollyI confess I do not. It seems such a strange, unaccountable freak of poor Dick's; and I fear, Molly (this in a lower tone), that there is something at the back of it." Molly said nothing, but she was not surprised. i " He is a silly fellow to go so far away," . she said.. "Far from you,. Michael, ^who . have always been his best friend, who got him every place he has been in, and helped him out of twenty scrapes, and never refused him a helping hand. It is you that have been his guardian angel, and little thanks you ever got for it. Grandfather intends to leave him all his . fortune. Indeed you deserve it, Michael, rather than idle Dick." "Never mind, Molly, I don't begrudge it to the poor fellow ; he will need it more than I shall; I expect I can make my own fortune, Molly Bawn." " How is the man in the hospital, Michael ?" , " Still unconscious. Dick and I were there late this evening, you know ; Dick •looked awfully upset over it. It was a shocking sight—a sad sight—and there is no account of the poor fellow beyond his name. No one knows him. He seems to have ome from the country this : morning, as far as I can make out. I never saw Dick so affected by an accident before, and this' is not. the first >he has witnessed. Then he makes a desperate resolvo:to clear off out by the first boat, and then he takes to drinking, after breaking off the wretched habit , for over three months.. I tell you, Molly, there is something wrong with Dick. " He put his hands before his eyes, as though to solve the problem, and Molly rose to close :the garden gate, which the wind had blown open. On returning a white object attracted her attention. It looked rather ghost-like in the dim light, moving to and fro as the wind blew. It seemed to Molly like a white face on a level with her own, standing in the air, a head without a body, pale and sad—a harbinger of fast-cbttiing trouble. . At least Molly fancied so in her sudden fear. She had heard her ^grandmother say that whenever some misfortune was about to happen to the Esmondes, the ghost of a certain Catherine Esmiohde, ' who.had died on the .roadside on. the bccasionof an eviction, -always appeared to forewarn the■ -living members: of the \- 'family. Molly. < had never-: seen ■ this prophetess; of; sorrow,, but she firmly \- believed that she saw her now, and, a cry of fear' escaped her lips; as-she; stood ^rooted to the ground. . Michael sprang to her side in an : instant, and noting the cause. rot her alarm,- advanced - towards ■ it; .and: dis covered, not a .vanishing: face! from the , other 4WPSld» bp^a^jWli^ cKqopbric bahd / Moijy s '|earS ; Wjerfe jcalm'ed,jftnd she "nb^jy /The ^attiily Went /i^jppi¥!/ /gtb^Wg' so dark' 6ht "'sipe.-!' !^cfiael.'too|£ |hp|.lmndlterbhief -to was wijttenbh sykhds* fir Richard, handed it to the old (ftM^wfib'siized it with a trembling hand andexclaimed: "Ibis the old handkerchief—the heir loom. I lent. it,, to Richard; he-has dropped it. He will drop it and lose fit again. He shall hot have it! Michael, this is a relic of my father ; old and , worn as it is, it is a precious.relic. Re had ,it on the field of i Waterlbo. My brother had it with huh during the Indian Mutiny ; it saved,his life' at the Relief of Lucknow'. He was badly wounded, ' and would have been left to die, but .With, dis covered by the handkerchief upon' his body. They read the initials;' He was rescued and saved. Once again on sea, when your uncle was shipwrecked and thrown upon a lonely rock, he had this with him. He was seen to wave it, and a boat, rescued him from death and danger. It is a dear old treasure to me, and hias beeu handed down through four genera tions,;, .1 bade Richard tp.ke it with him on the sea as a hcepsake—as the heirloom that,should fall to him some day., But he cares not for it. You Bhall have it, Michael. You will preserve it with care. I do not look upon it aB a charm ; I have more sense I hope. But it is a memorial that should be preserved. The family', ,of the Esmondes have reason to set some store by it, I iinagine." Michael smiled, but thanked his grand father, and did not despise the gift. He folded it carefully, and said he would cer tainly have respect to isuch an heirloom, which had proved a ' blessing to its pos sessors so often; (To be continued.) 