vAMMERN EDEN, ' .CHAPTER XIV, On that day that closed in so, softlv, with the golden synehme and tender twilight— tbat day seemed too fair for a day of fate — the suspended sword fell She had never enjoyed a, ride so much. Herbert had never been more tender and devoted. It was like Heaven to look up into those dark, speaking eyes, and read the love and adoration in his face. It filled her with a great, passionate -rapture and delight. She wor shipped her noble husband with the blindest, most unreasoning passion woman's heart ever knew. In liiin she ' lived and moved and had ' ler being.' ? She had forgotten for a little while the brooding shadow of the Bword that hung ever over her head. The sunshine was reflected i an her eyes, smiles were on her lips when suddenly, like a thunder fall ing from a clear sky, the sight of Gilbert Powell's face came before her— that evil face, which she both ? lated and dreaded, remembering how he had sworn to be revenged ' en her just womanly scorn. In that moment the sun went t«ut of her sky, the light went out xof her life. She stifled the wail of dismay that rose to her lips, and . sank back among the satin cushions : pale as death, her breath coming and going in great panting gasps, . a mute terror in the depths of her , .'wide, dark eyes. . . . Herbert turned to his wife. '??/:- 'Jtisyour father's clerk — is it . ' not' ?' he was saying ; but he .; paused, stricken dumb by the V sight of her face. He was startled ' and frightened. It was a moment . before speech came to him. Then he cried out, in alarm, 'Beatrice, my darling, what is it ? You, are as pale as a ghost. Are you ill ?' Her voice sounded faint and far \ ' ' off, even to herself, as she answered him. 'I felt a sudden pain in my heart. Do not be alarmed, Herbert. I shall recover in a moment.' He watched her anxiously, and . _e saw that she did not recover herself very fast. She tried hard to shake off the terrible weight : that oppressed her and to' be her own natural self for the few last moments that were all that remained to her of the happiness that had . Tbeen' so perfect and so 'brief. '? ..?? But she could Dot do it ; she could not summon the colour back . to her face, the smiles to her lips, . the brightness to her eyes. She ;?' could, not still the wild, terrified ; 'beating of' her heart. She felt a terrible choking sensation, like one :?,'? dying. When she spoke her voice had a strange sound even to herself. 1 : Mr. Castlemaine was frightened over his darling. He did not :.;?.:. think of .connecting her sudden .seizure with, the appearance of Gilbert Powell. He had forgotten the man's very existence in his anxiety. . \ ? When they reached- home he . ahnoat carried her into the house in ? his arms, , He brought wine to her with his own hands. It was only . -when he saw that it had revived her and made her better that he ' - .left her to the care of the little \- ' French maid. Mademoiselle Marie hovered around her young mistress with many delicate attentions after her master had departed, but her minis _ trations were7 not crowned with much success. Laurel lay still and v ' composed, but consumed by an. agony of impatience, under the dabs of eau-de- cologne that the maid 'bestowed on her cheeks and fore head. She longed to be alone to weep and wail aloud in her despair, but she could not send the maid away. She knew that she had to dress for dinner, and as*Mrs. Castle maine would be down i,o that meal for the first time that day, her absence would be felt as a great 4isappointment. She would not give in. She would keep up the farce ' ? to' the last moment. When she was dressed for dinner Herbert came to take her down. There was a Bubdued happiness and .excitement shining on his handsome face. She wondered at it, but she did not ask him why. She was dressed much as she had teen on the night when he first told her that he loved her. She wore white, with scarlet Jacque minot. She had chosen the cos . ? tume purposely, thinking he would Ibe, softened at .the memories it re called. He took his fair young wife into ? Us arms and kissed her many limes. He smoothed the waving golden tresses with loving hands, ' telling her how dearly he loved her ? — how happy she made him. Then even while she clung to him, he released her gently from his em brace, not knowing it was the last —not dreaming of the years to come, when his arms would ache in Tain to clasp her. ' My mother is waiting for you in the drawing room.' he said. *? There is someone with her-^a visitor- Can you guess whom, . darling?' ' She gave a terrible start a smothered cry, and clung to , his grm with both small hands. ' My. dear how nervous you are,' ie said. One,wouid think you were frightened. It ia your old rival, Maud Merivale. Think of her in sufferable impertinence in coming liere after that night ! But cour \- age, love, she will only be consumed -with envy wh'en she sees how much lovelier you have grown since you became my wife.' - , 1 To be continued. \ 