SPORTING NOTES. The Turf. Acton cost his present owner, Mr W. T. Jones, 400 guineas as a yearling. Buzzi, who won the V.3J.C. Grand National Hurdle Race last year, ran third to Seabreeze at Williametown recently. The three-year-old filly sister to Mischief, purchased at the Kilmany Park sale by Mr W. Allan, is destined for Singapore. The well-known and enterprising Hew Zealand sportsman, Mr W. Douglass, has engaged both Tiritea and Donald M'Kinnon in the two Nationals at Flemington. Mr J. Crozier has purchased the yearling colt by Thunderbolt from Leda from Mr W. A- Blackler. Duke of Richmond has been sold by Mr Crozier to Mr Blackler. Kilt, the smart two-year-old colt purchased by Mr Eccles, will arrive in the (colony next week. There are more unlikely events than this colt winning the next W.A. Derby. It is .stated that, owing to the want of sufficient registration, of the - New Zealand-bred stallions July, Artillery and .Foulehot, their progeny are not eligible to race under Turf Congress rules in America. The ex-Queenslander, Irish Stevf, who has been distinguishing himself oyer hurdles at Randvrick, has arrived in Melbourne from Sydney, and has joined J. O'Brien's team at Mordialloc. Semiramis, who ran second to Devoted in the Royal Stakes at Randwick is a four-year-old filly by the Neotsfield sire Gibraltar from Security. She is a well-known Northern performer, and won a handicap at Tamworth recently. Esther, by Arbitrator out of iGazelle, has dropped a splendid colt foal to Carnage, at the Civility Stud, Cork, Esther is the dam of The Jew and others, but this foal, fop Carnage, is said to be the beBt-looking she has as yet thrown. The A.B.C. City Handicap on May 22 was run in Imin 29sec," or 2 l-5sec faster than Mostyn occupied last-yeaV. Acton cut out the mile and a furlong in the Parkside Stakes in the fast time of Imin 57^sec. When Hova won twelve months ago the watch registered 2min 1-5 sec. r Miss Boplka, who has left the post for the paddock, has been a little gold imine to the Messrs Locke. She has won thirty-two Taces; and ran into places on seven occasions. She. i§* ten years old, and won her last race at Canning Park. It is now certain that the mare is in foal to Isonomy. The two- year-old Kilt, who ran third in the Royal Stakes at the same meeting has been performing very consistently. Kflt ie a son of Lochiel, from the; wellknown s'ster to Cardigan, Mantilla, who is at present at Mr R. S. Allan's stud.in New South Wales. Mantilla is by Goldsborough from Signora, the dam of Muodiva and grand-dam of Flintlock and.Dryden. Detractor started at odds on in the Hurdle Race at Canning Park on Tuesday. Mr Lewis's horse, who was in "splendid Condition, opened at- 6 to 4 on, then shortened to a shade of odds on. Condition and the excellent horsemanship of Hiscutt got the horse home by a bare head from Benecia Boy. Mr Alfred Joseph had so far improved on May 21 that he expected to. be able to walk again in a few days. The break, though a bad one, had improved since the leg was placed in plaster, but the close confinement had censed M? Joseph to lose weight considerably, and he is said to be now much lighter than the sixteen and a half stone he weighed -when lie met with the accident. In his notes in the London " L.Y. Gazette " the " Old Guv'nor " has the following item:—I halve just been glancing over a list pf the winning jockeys of 1868, when George -Fordham with 111 wins and poor little Sammy Kenyon running him close with 110 were far away in front of all the others. Of the twenty-six names comprising the list most of them are dead, but we occasionally even now see a couple of them don the pigskin, and even repeat the victories of long. ago. I refer, of course, to Charley Maidment and H. Covey." One of the ualuckiest horses running at the present time is Don John. When -Tom Payten had him he ran seTeral seconds, and since he has come into the possession of Mr A, M'Cracken, of Victoria, the Nelskersget gelding has done no better. Mr M'Cracken has run him only three timesi and on each occa sion he has filled the second place. He ran two seconds at .Flemington the other day. He was no doubt beaten fairly : on his merits in the Birthday Handicap, but with a good run he might tiave been equal to lowering Key's colors in the Royal Handicap. He was badly blocked at the turn, but came very fast-when he got clear. t As *was pointed out by " The Sports mah'^says that paper) when the project was first decided upon,' the steeplechase 13st 71b raaximum weight theory is likely to fail in practice. On Queen's Birthday, at Flemington, Larrikin, Carrying as much weight as the'handi capper was .at liberty to award him, showed the unsoundness of the rule by rule by comfortably accounting for the Steeplechase. That any horse who can win under I3st 71b deserves the victory is admitted on a11eide3, but that does not alter the fact that it is unreasonable to tie up a handicapper's hands. It may be argued that Larrikin was lucky in getting rid 'of Romsdal eo easily on May 24, but the fall of the Mill Park black has nothing to do with the argument As it was, Larrikin won, and it is highly probable that the result would have been just the same with everything standing up. The position the handi capper is now in is not a very nice one. He vcanaot go any higher, but he must drop the middle, and this will leave the bottom division without the ghost of a chance. J3y more than one leading authority the maximum weight condition is now -dabbed « veritable ab- Joe Thompson is repotted to have lost nearly £10,000 over the Lincolnshire Handicap aiid Liverpool Grand National meetings. Old Liberator was sold in the yards at Christchurch for £11, W. Kerr, the trotting horseman, being the purchaser. Writing reminiscences of the late Colonel North, one scribe recounted how he occasionally promoted athletic sports at his private residence. " On one of the occasions (says the chronicler) Jie gave £50 to be run for by the members of the press, and I arrived on the «cene five minutes too lat&, when journalists of the most decrepit type were fighting it out for such an attractive prize." 