in anfl Off lie Slam. FLORA Graupner is going to London. Anotkkb .Australian prima donna is to be married shortly. THE real name of Alf. Woods, the actor-manager, is Cork. The Derby Winner cost Mr. Bland Holt .£2000 to produce. Miss Charlotte Hemming intends to try London as an elocutionist. Miss Lilian Russell is-talking to American inter viewers about her visit to Australia. Miss Nina Boucicault is playing, in the London production of A White Elephant. THERE is »ome talk of Miss Ellaline Terriss (Mrs. Seymour Hicks) coming to Australia. B?Bla.nd Holt is reported to .be making. a clear profit of .£100 a week at Melbourne Royal. A-Nothhr Hoyt company is being organized for Australia, as well as an English Gaiety Company. Miss Decima Moore, Mr. Walter Marnock and Mr. Fritz Rimma are all in the Drury Lane pantomime. . THE takings of The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown are, so far, very close , on those of Charley's Aunt. " , Miss Minnie Everett has been engaged by Mr. Henry Bracy to train the ballets for his opera com pany. THE Auoklanders are to be introduced to Henry V. for the first time on Maroh 20, by Mr. George Rignold. News of Mr. Phil Stuart cornea from Kalgoorlie, where he is giving open air entertainments at the Tivoli Gardens. MB. Charles Arnold is coming to Australia again. Among his new plays will be one by Messrs Christie Murray and J. L. Shine. AMONG old favourites who are making their plans for an Australian visit this year are Mr. J. F. Sheri dan and Mr. Charles Arnold. MB. Mallaby.late of the Strand Theatre, sets down ,£2500 as his loss on the season of Fergus Hume's play, Teddy's Wives, at that theatre. MR. Herbert Terry is one of what Pinoro calls "The Quintette"-the two young Irvings,"young Bancroft, young Hare and young Terry. MB. Cecil Ward is playing juvenile lead in Mr. Westraaoott's company at Her Majesty's. The last piece produced was Shall We Forgive Her. MB. Frank Barnes has resigned his position as dramatic oritio on the Sunday Times, and is again manager for Mr, Westmacott at the Royal, Sydney. MB. George Darrell's versions of The Sorrows of Satan and Trilby, bring his list of dramatio writings up to 80, exactly the number of years he owns up to. Miss Florenoe Esdaile (Mrs. George Pack) returns to her professional duties under Mr. Harry Rickards' management. The engagement is for twelve months. MB. C. W. Anson, a son of Mr. George Anson, has gone on the stage in Sydney. He reoently took part in Mr. A. W. Juncker's new opera Romance of Corsica. Ava. Junker's tuneful opera A Romance of Corsica has been running; for a week at the Opera House, Sydney. Jules Simonsen is the feature of the per formance. J. 0. Williamson is reported to have a considerable interest in Pollard's Opera Company, and insists on Pollard playing to reserved stalls at flvo shillings in New Zealand. Tino ambassadors to Rudolf's Court in Zonda (many of whom are small men) have remarkably tall wives, whioh proclaims that of two evils they did not oboose the leaser, MRS. Potter and Mr. Bellow^^^^T^ large attendances on the River A" I'M Church, where they adopted the Ca] t .?1 canoeing with much gusto. laikij MB. Alfred Dampier is billed at , week. Some inducement is to b« haij,M to visit Coolgardie with a Bmall comPaJU Robbery Under Arms in a tent. "®ij ME. Louis Bradfield's own announce#, expect him in Australia for the Cup of 'W' seem likely to be verified, as he has eona «n "1 ring tour in America, on sharing terms. Miss Millie Oaborne, sister of Miss IdalU one of the principal dancers of Messrs Wip and Musgrove's Comic Opera Compaiiv i, !? the " firm," and goes to Harry Rickarde THE craze that is sweeping over Australians.' singers and others to go to London will check when they learn what heavy si demanded, as the price of a first appearance, Albert Lucas has written a drama A flu/cU illustrative of incidents in the Matabele War piece has been carefully perused by Bland h who describes it as an excellent pieoe of wori. MR. Brough will revive A Woman of No j,. ance at an early date. Since the withdrawal <{? play, every post has brought requests for ant which it has now been decided to comply i MRS. Henry Bracy (Miss Ciara Thompson^ most valuable collection of books of old phjn operas possessed by any one person on the Aiuin' stage. They completely fill an ordinary ta: trunk. Miss Prank Thornton Brown, in her fourth at the Criterion, Sydney, is as fresh andnttm as in her first. No change is announced, oris judged by the congested condition of thai: nightly. VARIETY monopolist, Harry Rickards, haaeis! programmes at both the Palace and Tivoli, Sj£ By a judicious shuffling of his star oards, h complete changes of bill each week. "MyFu America's greatest dancer, is everybody's idol WHEN A Woman's Reason has run its coma Brough intends to revive several pieces with' his name has been most intimately corns Sowing the Wind, A Village Priest, Niobe, DM and The Second Mrs. Tanqueray will all be ]' A Woman's Reason has scored heavily i! Melbourne Bijou Theatre, where the bookiij been heavier during the week than for nnjf during the present season. Crowded hots#1 the rule, and A TPototin's Reason is announced further notice. AFTER tho castle of Zen da has been demolished, the monks are heard melodious requiem on tho body of Ti:; Are the unseen choristers the ghosts of "'I4; warriors, or do the monks come to hfe K1 occasion P MR. Frank Thornton saya that tho - ;ii ceipts for Miss Brown during the Sydney sow varied from .£80 to iJlOO per night. 1 'l0 r*Pj' richness of the theatrical field in Western A has prompted Mr. Thornton to make onqti"1 cerning a visit there. TUB a week salary which an"^ll3rJ actress declared to be the result of hor fin, engagement, is heavily discounted by ? tralian actress who has returned to Molbo ,. says JjlO a week is nearer the figure, tllQ viding her own wardrobe. Bandmann, who visited Axistralia itj course, wrote the inevitable Jbook. >> (lti him about Brisbane was the prevalenoo . jo! storm q. He says : " It is no uncommon j a cab horse bolting down the street, the ing been struck by lightning." MR. Gladstone, who appears in the Prisoner of Zenda, is the oldest NCtor Australia. He was the original 1' i'0do ,, 0 jod 1851 in The Game of Speculation, ft® ( y Lyceum, with Chas. Mathews, and no part with Matthews in Melbourne in ' f;g HARRY Rickards is, according to /^Vcost' stables at his Sydney residenoe, ,wlu,Q, nUl0 ho ^ £4,000. Likewise when Harry is i® flag hoisted just as if he wo» Governor. Moreover, he recently!)0 g ^ a cost of 45200, Kiokarda makes tho nw f ssff 77" -KTfx-w Zealand about jffank Thf0^°n gHia return season in Mel mjOgjimiDg of g ternber, unless he can WL como0"06 . to Melbourne during the 4Mb ,ns f But as every company wants this «arD2e, The Bookmaker will not have the pcntar Mty Dims®11' siraw*? -~ - .11 <j» BlomX"1in $ta«r 5^188, is play/ , => Mr Knowles does his usual iOffllme of Mr, D'Arcy Stanfield plays K?tbJlv illiS of Mia. Marietta Nash, and jSm Youn/ follows Miss Graupner as the icesB 14 nomine revivals by the Brough PjBiliO the ®Brou"h will appear in such fody Comply-Mra. Bwugb <(The ^ i-" 4 Woman of No Importance)-' Mrs. feovd '-Mother of Three) and " The Countess feLmrr" in A Village Pncst. ^ Lnies will recollect the beauteous »iater8 IbSe who posed as th. chief modela in theliv liotures at Melbourne Princess 1895 These SL young ladies were regarded as the moat Cf beings that ever trod the Block pave f We quite admit it," they used to say, jWein" and not beauty is our profession. m ° : ., ? i&Florence; Hope, one of the ladies in the lion scene offers Mr. Williamson. ^810 for the Iflfttm dress she wearsin Zenda. " Suob a Ifball dress" she says. Doesfthe lady forget meet of stage is not always available, neither ffiwfcrey's warning "take care," and that with jpo can no man (or woman) live- in a dress plain eight yards long. ? , . (^fffvestmacott scores a decided hit with his ®Jfproduction at the Sydney Royal, Frank m§!B fine play. Shall We Forgive Her. In this Tjgfzmaurice Gill scores heavily aa the heroine, ||i|iss Kosa Conroy's rendering of the crabbed jSLightfoot is yet another instance of this Mtross's marked ability in character parts. 11 and performance, all-round, is excellent. ^UFerrar makes love to her sham monarch i in a way that inspires one. When she him wodeoide that falling in love must be Jfiil sensation ; when shefcries "Rudolph, I" we long to embrace our best girl, and & loses her King, we wish we could take his her heart. The novice longs to learn the the old hand profits by example. Those pt to take leBBona in the art of courtship, I the Princess, M elbourne, Elliot Page, who is playing in Zenda, is cer ossossed of wonderful talent. And then she 811 adapted to her part. That soft, white phe fourth act seems made for the express goiascending the three steps in the prison, ek,'?8i m graceful foldn while its beautiful wearer BffibV' i 9','5tl0 When Miss Page calls iPfl j ej08 aasunae the appearance of a w» ii ' one's dreams are haunted by || well-the Archangel, or the Black Duke. Boatest interest is manifested in Mr. Henry jypara season at the Lyceum, Sydney. The i»L!!«nBJ^?- °Lthe Misses Mabelle Darley, KPvb/u I'j H. Braoy, Nina Osborne, ^T^aoe' -®thel Gordon, Dora Mhotfa^r1'--' ?enry Bracy, Knight Aston, iSonJim o /dney Ralf«' Albert Whelan, |l°5,1J* Sydney Norton, F. Wentworth, M. llMsmnvnH opening work. The wjonnadftJ>ft° ®fttiflfaotory. Ernie Blackatone, gonneoted wrth Her Majesty's Theatre is "in bronzed physiognomy of |ad8houldw8UM?8nw F°HkS rlUmea' -°1' Is Is frown ;ii,know, whafc that means. Mr. jpriuanoa mS' vovei'j when the cavas of pivoraal ovo?'f anci outside the theatre i 1 iVTte wifch the ladies of the land rod coatn i?° i HUR«aafca military ex iftrta of the fairTex WayS Parfci(mlarly dear S°r8olf/<sh« J.nC^os tells an amusing Btory I a BUttnnonft f l)y a burly polioe f'ng Involved «i -tho enormous sum of fcing, whomiiriA lVia8 Vftsb'y ainuaed at the |lmt ahe was << ? stern blue-coat ro |°(1." "Nownn/i t°°*0Bt customer he had ,|»nnin}, Bmil JfL1 am cool," said the lady I did not- *Jn'i^Ionr early visit found mo K° oonfldonoo ctiiif^0 on n11 my olothoa." P,!l° ".polociynfi V,!:<\mf.lHhod tho arm of the I^oBummon8. DK obliged to present u Qi'oouffoodi!^uf','G,0nce "aoro on fcl wooa lout' the 4 the war ,4580,000 he vras to have made out of gold-mining specula tion#. Poor old boy! H« used to stand with ?oleum vieage a*d lack-lustre eyes at the dre«s circl* .ntrance ot thd Adelaide Theatre Royal wondering1 whether there was a solitary five shillings coining in, which often there was not. But reverses cannot crush the bintrionic aspirations of his family. They are going to give the Auckland people aaethsr taste of their quality at Easter. The Two Little Vagabonds is-.the next production at the Princesa, when Miss Plopfence TerrisB will make her first appearance in Melbourne. Miss Terrias makes a charming little vagabond, and already in fancy we see the " Try Society" and Melbourne urchins in general claiming her for their ranks. At least she will have the loud applause of the gallery, though few who see her on the Block-a bewitching creation in white muslin-will recognise pretty Miss Terriss in the war-paint ef a street arab-rags and dirt predominating, of course, in her costume for the forthcoming production. Thjb event of the Sydney season was the opening night of Maisa, at Her Majesty's", on Saturday last. The firm's installation as Grand Masters of this house was almost a public function. Everybody who is anybody was there j the theatre was literally packed; the handshaking with "Goody" and Moutrie in front before the performance; the general congratulations. between the acts and a lot of other signs proved conclusively how heartily Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove were welcomed back to Sydney. To say that Matsa was a success is inadequate, it fairly " paralized them," to quote an enthusiastic first- nighter. The Two Little Vagabonds, a new play by Mr. G. 3J. Sims and Arthur Shirley, which has been running since last September at the Princess Theatre, London, will receive its Australian weloome on Saturday evening, March 13, at the Melbourne Princess. I Three new stars will appear, Miss Florence Terrisa. i Mr. Caleb Porter, and Miss Marie Nelson. The ' rank and file of the company will consist of AUB- j tralian actors. In London, The Two Little Vagabonds jumped at once into popularity, and for nearly six ( months it has been more talked about than any other play. Thh maids of honor in the coronation scene of Zenda, (Miss Maie Adams and Miss Stella Esdaile), remind one of blue bells, so modestly do they stand at the foot of the throne. Oh! that they could ' courtsey in unison, for while one is studying the pattern of the floor carpet at the distance of an inch, the other contemplates the ceiling, and wonders with whioh leg she could descend the more garcefully. The strictly laoonio profile of number one is oounteiacted by the Hebraic hall-mark in number two, and yet these pretty damsels seem to match as perfect as the hair of the King and Princess Flavia. New Zealand is the graveyard of the cheap and casual professional. It is a small plaoe as far as population is concerned, and if a company is a frost in one town it generally freezes all along. There is no escape on foot as a last resource, so many an actor goes there and, like the convict who escaped with Gabbett, never comes back. In any one of the four principal towns you can find a dozen lost aotors trying to earn enough money to get away. One variety man who went under in Ohristoh.uroh five years ago, has been trying to earn the price of his escape ever since, but he is suoh an inferior hotel waiter that he has not accumulated the requisite Bum even yet. MB. Bland Holt has a wonderful knaok of training animals to take part in his plays. The fun that his pet bulldog, "Beelzebub" created in .Master and 'Man is still fresh in the people's minds, but bhis has been distanced by the series of horses that have jumped, raoed, pranced, and leapt across chasms in his present pieces. Mr. Holt's latest experience was the funniest. On gaining possession, after no end of trouble, of a young deer he sot to work to train his prize for the hunt in For England, The deer was taught to|flee before the advancing horses, and rush across the stage in full sight of the audience, and the animal leornt the business with such wonderful intelligence, that the whole company would stand in the wings and watch. But becoming too familiar with the tricks and turnings of the stage-chase, the deer became less interested in its own work, and more curious in what concerned others, until, at last, it developed a habit of sitting down in front of ' the footlights, and complacently watching the horses dash over the fenoe, presumably in pursuit of itself. This was too muoh for Bland Holt. He tried to coax his pet olf the stage, called it coaxing names and so forth, offered it appetizing morsels. All to no purpose. At last the bewildered manager lost his temperj and shaking his fist, hurled a ouss-word at the door. But the result may be best gathered from Mr. Holt'd own comment-" T could havonworn the brute winked at me!" and Manassea Markn nearly lost his cue in conaequenoe. In the and thoy had to get another deer. The Prisoner of Zenda is proving1 a race weak attraction of the beat kind, for the oruah of visitors to Melbourne has given, ai} , ^maziing fillip to theatrical business all round. Crowded houses are the rule of the week at the Princess, and the com pany are acting much better than they did during the earlier representations. There seems to be.a tacit understanding; to make the piece go, and every body works towards that end. Thus the public are more than ever impressed with the spirited acting of Mr. Julius Knight, Mr. W. F. Hawtrev, Miss Ada Ferrar, Mr. Gaston Mervale, and Miss Elliott Page. Practically Miss Page may be"said to have exercised a noticeable influence on her colleagues from her distinct utterance. She. speaks more naturally that anybody else in the play, and this has forced the real merit of her work, some what overshadowed at first, on the general notice. The last two acts still continue to be the best, for the quick action seemR to appeal more strongly to the players. The actual coronation episode is easily filled in by the imagination, because the scones before and after are worked up more skilfully. Five Australians, all intelligent and hard-workine, bring .ubsidiary parts into the foreground, Mr. Riohard Stewart, Mr. George Majeroni, Mr. Lissant, Mr. Harry Hill and Mr. Mario Majeroni. ' In the pro logue, Miss Nellie Mortyne and Mr. H. J. Carvill make the introductory story impressive, Mr. Car vill being very effective later on as the dare-devil Hentzau. Barely another week remain* of The Prisoner of Xenda as The Two Little Vagabonds is announced for March 13. Meantime, Anthony Hope's story is eagerly discussed, for even those who.never go to a theatre take a keen interest in the dramatization of a famous novel. " A KACiNCt play for a racing festival" is the motto that is proving as good as a gold-mine to Mr. Bland Holt, for The Derby Winner is packing the Theatre Royal in the same way that For England did. The excited feelings of the audience break out over the trial of race-horses at day-break, and again over the public sal® of the favourit# Clipstone. Although it is clear to everyone thit Clipstone must win, if only to preserve the traditions of racing drama, yet the final tableau is ushered in amidst tremendous interest. Mr. Holt has so often given a view of the whole race in his plays, that in The Derby Winner he feels the necessity of introducing something new. especially when the raoe by day-break makes a second spectacle of the same kind impossible. The trial of speed at the winning post is all that is shown of the Derby victory, the curtain has no soener risen than it has fallen again, but everyone shares in the general exhilaration. The great show scene of The Derby Winner ia the regimental ball, which is of absorbing interest to feminine Melbourne, for never vet has there been suih a gorgeous and generous display of up-to-date fashions. The reception scene in Cheer Boys Cheer is pale by comparison, and it is curious to watch the attention with which all parts of the house regard the speotacle. * Naturally this is as it should be, for with a .£25,000 racehorse, such minor details as ball-dresses and uniforms must be on the same costly scale. If the De/rby Winner cost .£2000, it is fnted to put additional thousands into the manager's pocket, seeing that the audiences of the week are numbered by thousands. Miss Elizabeth Watson, Mi'bs Frances ROBS, Mrs. Bland Holt, Mr. Baker, Mr. Norman, Mr. Charles Brown and Mr. Bland Holt, and their twenty supporters leave nothing undone to maintain the fame of The Derby Winner, whioh to-morrow night enters on'its fourth week. . . '? THE fascination of the horizontal bar has never been made clear until now, when Mesars. Wilton and Stack, the twenty-fifth instalment of Mr. Harry Rickards' series of English artiat«, are drawing crowds to the Opera House. Tricks on the horizontal bar are common enough among athletes and aorobatai. They are the A. B.C. of the business-in other handa. But with Messrs. Wilton and Stack, the A. B.C. has a very different aignifluation, just as if they had evolved a whole language out of every single lettar of the alphabet. They teem to possess the elasticity of indiarubber with the animation of eels. In fact, in watching their performance one might easily mistake it for a clever mechanical device, did not the athletes themselves pause every now and then, and smilingly acknowledge the shouts of applause, la short, Wilton and Stack are a worthy sequenoe to inch famous predecessors as the Frantss Family and the Vaidis Sisters. The Delevines still keep at the head of their profession as comedian contortionists. Theirs is the kind of excel lence that will cause all second-rate people to be labelled, "not wanted on the voyage," or after ltV either. The Sisters Winterton carry their mando line turn through neatly and prettily, and the Allisons have the danoing field to themselves. "The Fight for Gold" i8 forcibly expressed by Mr. Charles Godfrey, who varies his other sketches with " The Donnieat Don," " Strolling i» the Garden" and "The Golden Wedding." Not less interesting is Mr. Will Whitburn'* pithy comments on topical affairs, although he scarcely makoB use of all the chances which tho Federal campaign pre sents just now. Messrs. Pope and Sayles give several characteristic items, and reoently returned favourites keep up the attraction of the Tivoli Com* pany. Misses D'Alroy and Lynne, Minnie Goepel, Rue Cowan, Nolly Wilson, MesBrs. C. Howard, S. Austin, Jake Evuna and W. Akarman contribute1 vocal and comio turna by tho round dozen, and win much enoouragemento from the listeners. The Wednesday afternoon programme includes the nyi company. : 