Doctor Spencer's Great Crime. I was sitting in my office, half dosing over an interminable article on nutrition in the last medical review. The fire in the grate was low, the night was stormy, and the clock was just on the stroke of eleven. I was about to turn off the gas and retire, for, being a bachelor, I slept in the room connected with my office, when there was a pull at the bell. I started up suddenly, for this was something quite new. Middlebury was a decorous sort of place, and the people usually managed to be taken sick at seasonable hours. Old Mrs. Jerome had been threatening to die for the past five years, and every time I visited her she solemnly informed me that when the de- sisive moment did come she desired me present. But as nothing ailed the old lady beyond now and then an indigestion, from the high living, I had never yet been called upon to be present at her death. Now, I thought, it must be that old Mrs. Jerome is going. I took up my night lamp and went to the door. A gust of strong, damp sleet wind nearly extinguished the light, but, shading it with my hand, I discerned the face of a woman. " Come in," I said, holding open the door. She declined with a gesture of im- patience. " You must come out, and be quick about it." she said, in sharp, decisive voice. I put on my overcoat without demure, locked the surgery door, and stepped into the storm. As I did so the women laid a firm hand on my arm, and putting her face close to mine, said: "Doctor Lockwood, can you keep a secret ?" "I think so, madam." " Swear it." " Is this secret of yours of a professional character ? That is, is it anything you wish to confide in me as a medical man ?" It is." "Very well, then, I swear it." " That is right." A man respects an oath, though why he should is a mystery, since men's mouths are running over with them. "Whether are you taking me, and for what purpose ?" " To the Clifton House to see the mistress,' was the reply. I started. Clifton House was the old mansion recently taken by Doctor Spencer,a stranger to every- body in Middlebury. Spencer was a tall, dark, rather distinguished looking person, who had hung out his sign in the village only a few doors above mine, but as yet he had no practice. He was unsociable in the extreme, avoiding his neighbors persistently and when he did speak it was in so curt, half savage a way that no one was likely to prolong the conversation. The doctor had a wife, it was said, but no one had ever seen her. She was an invalid, and Miss Melrose, a friend of the family, presided over the house, and sat at the head of the table. Miss Melrose was very beauti- ful, and won the admiration of all who visited Clifton House by her ease of manner and fascinating conversation. "As we walk along, let me explain to you just what is necessary for you to know. My mistress is very ill," said my companion. " I beg your pardon-is it Mrs. Spencer or Miss Melrose ?" She laughed bitterly. " Miss Melrose! I would stab her to the heart sooner than own her for a mistress. My mistress is a lady- noble, royal and of gentle birth. It is an honor to serve her." " And is she ill? How long since?" "Ever since she married him-curse him!" she muttered, in a fiercer tone. "But I must not get excited. I must tell my story, or rather here. Two years ago, through the desire of her dying father, Alice Hendon be- came James Spencer's wife. Before that she was a healthy, blooming girl; immediately after their marriage she began to fail. Do you see anything strange in that?" "Not necessarily." "Let me enlighten you further. Doctor Spencer was at one time engaged to Miss Lucille Melrose, but he broke the engage- ment, and married my mistress instead. Miss Melrose was as poor as Job's turkey. Miss Hendon was an heiress, and Doctor Spencer was deeply in debt and hard pressed by his creditors. Do you see anything strange in that?" " Perhaps so. Go on." " When my mistress married Spencer the was only seventeen, and had been taught to obey her father in everything. She was a gentle, affectionate child, and it would have been easy for Spencer to have won her love. But he did not care for that. It paid his debts and bought him fast horses; it set his table with nice and costly dishes, and put it in his power to keep Miss Melrose robed like a queen. And all this time my mistress has been slowly but surely sinking, and look you, Doctor Lockwood, I think she is not dying of disease, but of "--she lowered her voice to a, whisper as she spoke the word "poison !" "Impossible! his is a grave charge." "Of poison given her by her husband, who, at her death will have the sole control of her property and be free to marry Miss Melrose. There is no time to explain the details of the thousand and one circumstance which has led me to believe it, for we are almost at the door. It is never the case that Miss Melrose and Spencer are out the house at the same time, or I should have called a physician be- fore ; but to-night they are both called away by the death of Miss Melrose's sister, and will not be back until to-morrow. With the consent of my mistress I came for you, and oh, Doctor Lockwood, I pray you save her. I nursed her when her mother died and left her a helpess infant ; all through her innocent youth she was like an own child to me; and now to see her fading hourly before my eyes! Great Heaven! If I knew beyond a doubt that he was guilty, his life should pay the forfeit." I was already beginning to feel a deep interest in Mrs. Spencer, although I had never seen her, and like her own nurse I was beginning to feel a deep animosity for Doctor Spencer. Mrs. Spencer received me in her bed- chamber. It was on the second floor, and was furnished with exquisite elegance. Everything in the room bespoke the refined taste of the occupant. The warm air was fragrant with the odor of heliotrope, and glancing around I saw the purple blossoms and green leaves in an alabaster vase on the edge of the south window. She was a woman who, once seen, could never be forgotten. I have met in my life many a heautiful woman, but never one so lovely. She was tall and straight, with a surely oval face, liquid brown eyes, and a dash of hectio in her cheek which is not seen in health. She received me gracefully, as I know she did every one, and though there was a slight embarrassment in her manner when I spoke of her illness, she answered my professional inquiries without hesita- tion. As for myself, I laid aside all false delicacy and questioned her plainly as to her symp- tome. Mrs. Hurd, the nurse, remained in the room, and added many important items of information. When she spoke of her husband it was with a sort of hopeless sadness which distressed me greatly. Not a breath of suspicion against him was in her answers to my ques- tions, and I felt sure that at present she knew nothing of such serious apprehen- sions. I was glad it was so, for, with her finely- strung organisation it might have produced serious results. I made my examination of the patient as closely as I could, and drew my own conclusions. I could have sworn that Mrs. Spenser daily swallowed arsenic in small quantities, and the deadly drug was telling on her constitution. She said, answering my questions, that she had no physician except her husband. He thought himself better acquainted with her game, and therefore better qualified to treat her. He never left medicine for her to take ; a his office and such a case. Anxious to do everything, the very circum- stances of the affair left me nearly powerless. A charge of such nature, of course, I could not make against Doctor Spencer without the proof. If I hinted a suspicion everyone would set it down to my professional pre- judice; and if I could not substantiate my statement the doctor could make me pay dearly for such a slander uttered against him. The only dependence seemed to be in Mrs. Hurd. To her I unbosomed myself freely. I told her without reserve that I thought Dr. Spencer was killing his wife by slow poison, and I besought her to constantly watch to save the victim, and discover some proof by which we can fasten the guilt on her hus- band. She smiled grimly and promised obedience, and I gave her a powerful antidote for the poison I suspected, and went home perturbed and anxious in mind. I did not sleep that night, and all the next day I was in a high fever of excitement. A ring at the bell made me tremble-a step on the gravel out- side my office stopped my breath, and I hardly knew what I expected to hear. I felt sure that I should hear something before I slept, And now I must tell the story as it was told to me. Doctor Spencer returned home the morning after my visit to the Clifton House. He looked wretchedly, the nurse said; appeared gloomy and depressed. Miss Melrose came with him:, and looked decorously sad over the death of her sister. Women of her stamp always do mourn to perfection. They neither overdo or underdo the thing, as women of feeling are likely to do. Doctor Spencer came at once to his wife's chamber. He thought that she looked ill, and prescribed a cordial at once, saying he would go and fetch it. " You are always ordering cordials for her," said Mrs. Hurd, musingly. " Why not take something yourself? You look like a ghost!" Doctor Spencer eyed her keenly, but replied composedly : " I think I will take some of the cordial myself, for I do not feel quite well. Alice dear, shall I bring it here and drink your health? " Mrs. Spencer smiled sadly in assent-she never disputed her husband-and he went out. Presently he returned with two glassses. Both contained liquor colorless and odorless. Mrs. Hurd was watching him with her heart in her throat, for she told me that she felt the decisive moment had come. There was something in the grey pallor of the doctor's rigid face that told her of a desper- ate purpose in the man's soul. He lifted the glass to the right of the tray and gave it to his wife. " Drink it, dear," he said, "It's a panacea for all evils. I am also going to take a glass of it," and he pointed to the glass still on the tray. Mrs. Spencer accepted, and was putting it to her lips when Mrs. Hard interrupted. " If you will bring her a tumbler of water, doctor. Mrs. Spencer complains that the cordial leaves a bad tastetin her mouth, and my old bones are so full of rheumatism that it nearly kills me to go down stairs." The doctor turned and bent on her a look as though he meant to read her through. But she kept her face passive. If he had any suspicions her manner quieted them, and putting down the glass he left the room. Then Mrs. Hurd changed the position of the glasses. When he came back- and he was gone but a moment-the nurse stood exactly where he had left her, and Mrs. Spencer was lying back in her chair with her eyes closed. Again he lifted the glass-this time it was the one intended for himself-and placed it at the lips of his wife. She swallowed the contents, drank a little of the water he brought her, and thanked him in her sad, sweet way. "Now for my own cordial," he said, with affected gaiety. " I indulge in something stronger." As he spoke he tossed off the mixture. It made me stone cold to my fingers' ends to see him do it," said Mrs. Hurd, re- lating the circumstance to me, " but as Heaven is my witness I felt no conscience. I argued like this: ' If it was simply cordial, it would do no harm; if it was poison, his blood would be upon his own sinful head.'" He went to bed half an hour afterward, complaining of fatigue. In the morning they found him dead. I was called to the post mortem examination, and we discovered in the stomach of the deceased a sufficient quantity of a deadly poison known to modern science to kill hall a dozen men. My brother physicians agreed that the man was insane, and had probably taken the dose in one of his unsettled fits of mind. I did not dispute them, but, even before Mrs. Hurd told her story, I had my own theory as to the cause of his death. There was no public ex- posure, however. Mrs. Hurd and I agreed that it would profit no one to make the wretched affair public, and so we kept our own counsel. Miss Melrose, in spite of my conviction that she had an active part in the conspiracy against Mrs. Spencer's life, I could not help pitying. Such a miserable, worn and haggard face as here I have never seen, and when they buried Doctor Spencer she was confined to her bed with brain fever. I attended her in her illness, but, though she recovered in health, she was never herself again. She was a harmless maniac, whose delight was in gathering flowers and decora- ting the doctor's grave with them. She is living still, and stall gathers flowers and lays them on that grave, singing to herself a low incantation, which no one ever pretends to understand. Not until Mrs. Spencer had many days been my wife, and the faithful Mrs. Hurd slept under the violets, did Alice know the perfidy of her former husband. When I told her, after the first shock was over, she crept into my arms pnd whir pered: "But if it had not been for James' crime I should not have found you, Herbert. So good sometimes comes out of evil." WHAT is the reason that all children are geniuses-though they contrive so soon to outgrow that dangerous quality-except that they never oross.examine themselves on the subject The moment that process begins, their speech loses its gift of unexpectedness, and they become as tediously impertinent as the rest of us. PrtcTietc application is the only mordant which will set things in the memory. Study, without it. io gymnastics, and not cork, which alone will get intellectualbread. No one can ask honestly or hopeftlly tobe delivered from temptatioln unless he has himself honestly and firmly determined to do the beet he can to keep out of it. A rAN will be behind while he follows a leader, and will comprehend the sense of his own existance only when he goes inde. pendent. Nornan is upheld by antagonism. Ptasions, resistance, danger, are educators. We acquire the strength we have overcome. TREAT all men and women considerately and you will be surprised at the dividends that come to you daily and yearly. IT is a wise rule to take the world as we find it, not always to leave it so "I am in terror," sighed poor Mrs. Goodmother, " every time I hear the bell ring, I know I'll hear something dreadful about Jack. I'm lure he's been into some awful mischief." " What makes onu think so ?" asked her husband. "Oh. he crme directly home from school this alternoon, sat down and studied his lesson for to.morrow for nearly two hours, and has been as good as an angel ever since. Dear, dear, what dar that boy been up to, I would like .n know." Customer--" I tell you I don't want the coat. It's faded and the color don't suit me." Iessee--" It's vaded and der color don't ri;t you. Veil take it for seven and a hall t." Customer--"Besides, its ball worn out already." Ipeascs--'' eo much der better, ma shild. If der goat don't suit yer id von't daks'you so lone to veer it out. Hast do reehen f1?_ 